Cas was desperate in his grief. Part of him was desperate to be alone. But when Claire squeezed his hand and Jody leaned her head on his shoulder and Sam hugged him like he used to hug Dean, he realizes that he has a family. He’s had it for a while. He misses Dean like hell, but at least they didn’t cast him aside now that Dean was gone. They held him in their grief like he was a comfort to them as much as they were to him.
They drive out to random clearings and pull off the side of the road to just sit in the car and look at the sky and talk. Not about what they are to each other, never about that. Most of their conversations are lighthearted and full of inside jokes and childhood stories and complaining about the guy who took the last box of cereal at the grocery store.
They look forward again and there’s not much to see, but the quiet is comforting. Neither of them want to go back inside, it would mean they go to separate beds and separate rooms and Cas thinks he’d rather not sleep at all.
One night Cas has his head on his pillow, eyes closed, he’s on his side facing away from the door, but he hasn’t slept yet. He hears the door open and he can feel the shift of air. He doesn’t need to look to know it’s Dean. He’s about to sit up when the floorboards creak and the door clicks shut again. Then there’s a dip in the bed and Cas rolls over lazily. Dean stands up again and wipes his palms on his pajama pants.
And so the next few days, Dean is tense and overthinking as he tries to come up with a way to talk to Cas. Sam pretends not to notice and Cas shoots him worried glances. One time, Cas puts a hand on his shoulder, and Dean drops his mug of coffee on the ground. Sam tries not to laugh.
“Your turn kid.” He grins. Jack looks at him with wide eyes and a big smile. He nods happily and scrapes his name into the wood.
“He started sleeping there when you were gone.” Sam says, as if that would explain why he had put Dean’s dead body in Cas’ bed.
And so they stay there for a few more minutes, talking in hushed voices and laughing and they feel kind of refreshed after that. When Dean stands, stretching out his back, he looks back down at Cas like he’s considering something. Like he’s deciding between life and death.
“Yes, he’s in Heaven. But he’s promised to come down for Christmas.” Jack smiles and Dean makes a comment about how he better behave himself, but honestly, he’ll be happy to see Gabe again, even if he’s a pain in the ass.
“I think that’s as far as we can get for tonight, we’ll leave tomorrow morning,” he says. “I’m gonna get a beer and call Eileen, mom will probably be back with the food soon.”
Dean doesn’t actually talk to him for another two days. He packs his bags, ignoring Sam’s worried glances and Cas’ avoidant eyes. He packs lightly, trying to leave most of his weapons behind, but he’s a hunter. He can’t go completely unprotected.
“Sorry, kid.” Claire nods, sighs and then takes a good long look at Dean, who looks right back, stoic, but knowing Claire sees right through him. She glances at Kaia for a moment.
24 years later, 65 if he counts his years in hell, Cas stands before him, telling him that he loves him. That he’s worth it. Cas has always torn down everything Dean thought he knew. He guesses it doesn’t stop, even while he says goodbye.
Dean holds himself together for nearly a week, tight-lipped smiles and too loud laughter and a few beers. Sam wasn’t convinced, how could he be, but Dean needed time.
It was week two when Sam came home to Dean in the library, he was still trying to find a way to get Cas back with a beer out on the table and a bandage around his hand, knuckles looking scraped and bruised. When Sam sat down wordlessly and opened a book to help, Dean didn’t even look at him.
So they drink and talk and drink some more and they end up closer than they were when they first sat down, but neither of them move and neither of them mind. Dean puts his hand on Cas’ thigh for leverage when he stands up and Cas stumbles after him, catching himself with a hand on Dean’s shoulder. They leave their empty glasses out and their blood stained jackets draped carelessly over their chairs and they head to bed, lazily brushing shoulders as they make their way to their rooms. Giggling, they trip over each other when Cas turns abruptly towards his bedroom door. Dean thinks Cas must be nearly human. He seems just as tipsy as Dean is. They fall asleep in separate rooms and separate beds. Worlds away. Dean’s never felt so lost and so at home at once.
It was less of a realization, and more of an acknowledgement. He had known it was there. The confessional during that one case a few months ago should have proven enough that it was on his mind, but the words had never felt right before. It never seemed like something that could ever apply to him.
“That’s not what I meant and you know it.” Dean grumbles, he crosses the room with a hand running through his hair. Cas tilts his head up like he’s challenging that statement and Dean sighs. “I want you here, Cas. Of course I do.”
“I’m bisexual.” He said to his mirror around his toothbrush. He nodded, grinning, and finished brushing his teeth feeling just a little more free.
“I just wanted to remind you… if there’s ever anything you want to talk about, good and bad, I’m right here.”
There’s a picture in his wallet, because of course there is. There’s one of Sammy from when they were young. In the pocket next to that one is another picture of him and Cas. Cowboy hats on. He had asked someone passing by to take a picture of them, Dean had his arm over Cas’ shoulder and they were both smiling. They were happy.
“I want that too,” Cas says, “you know, for someone who’s no good at this, you’re doing an awfully good job.”
“Cas?” Dean calls out, Cas stands smiling ruefully and Dean pulls him into a hug as soon as he’s close enough.
“You haven’t,” Dean says quickly. Dean’s at a loss for words though, so instead he leans in, one hand on Cas’ hip, the other on his cheek, and he kisses him.
“You’re everywhere Cas.” Dean says, and Cas doesn’t have the energy to try to understand what he means. It sounds an awful lot like a complaint, but Dean wasn’t complaining about Cas. Not really.
He prays to Cas too, mundane things like how he found Miracle on the side of the road one day, or about Sam and Eileen and Jody and Claire. He also prays to Cas about other things. Feelings he would’ve never been able to express to Cas had he been looking him in the eyes. He hasn’t said the words he means, he’s not sure he ever will, not without Cas to hear them for real, but he thinks if Cas could hear his prayers, he would understand.
Sam goes to bed early with his laptop, he’s on Skype with Eileen before his bedroom door even closes, leaving Dean and Cas alone with the alcohol. Cas sips his drink while Dean gazes at him, wondering if Cas feels the effects of drinking. If he’s human yet.
Dean thinks he’s pretty fucked up, but Cas thought he was worth it, so he keeps trying to be happy. He doesn’t think happiness really exists for him if Cas isn’t a part of it. Not truly.
“Awesome! I’m gonna jump in the shower real quick,” Dean says, giving Jack a quick half-hug and Cas a put on the shoulder.
He sits in baby for a little while, no planning on going anywhere. Cas joins him, tapping on the window to let Dean know he’s there before he climbs into the passenger seat.
It’s not long before Cas’ wings are unwrapping themselves from around Dean and becoming invisible once again. Cas, stands up, and then pulls Dean up too, both of them stumbling from the sudden energy of the sigil. The room is silent, save for Dean’s breathing and the rustle of Cas’ trench coat.
If Jack was a doctor, he would know that it should have been impossible for Dean to die like that. He should have lived. And Jack is all knowing now… sort of, so how Dean Winchester was in heaven… he has no idea.
The Deancave is too much of a hassle and Dean knows he’ll fall asleep halfway through and he doesn’t want to sleep on the sofa, so he sets up his laptop and once he’s in pajamas and Cas has stripped down to his white shirt and dress pants, the sit on Dean’s bed, the computer resting on their thighs, and they watch Star Wars, inspired by Jack’s excitement and Cas’ hope to understand the kid better.
Cas chuckled “Yeah sweetheart it’s me” Dean could hear the smile in that voice, but he also sounded tired and slightly rough. A little “Oh Alpha” except his mouth as he started kissing and licking every part of Cas that was reachable; all the while purring softly to himself. His inner Omega was running the show for the moment
Next to arrive were Sam and Gabriel barging into the bedroom hand in hand – Balthazar noted that they arrived together, a question for another time – both Alpha’s looking more worried that angry. Sam froze seeing the collar, Gabriel on the other hand sprang into action running over to his youngest brother kneeling down “Cassie? Cassie what’s wrong?” the concern evident in his voice.
As it turns out being away from his detail didn’t land him in good books with Major Balthazar his head of security whilst he was in the United States; but even Balthazar had to adamant that it was totally Cas to help some random omega. Unfortunately being told he had to leave by said Omega had meant that he went into a bit of a downward spiral unable to focus on anything. The Actual reason for their visit to Lawrence was to attend the medical conference on cardo-thoracic surgical techniques.
There’s nothing like seeing your younger brother holding a gun to you saviour to bring you back to full conscious despite wanting to sleep Deans’ Omega urged him to wiggle his way out of Cas hold, well to attempt to anyway. Cas on the other hand had other ideas he didn’t so much as pull him closer as total envelop the Omega; again Deans inner Omega preened that this Alpha would defend him from everything.
I know that this wasn't the chapter you guys were expecting, but i promise that Sam and Gabe will get a happy ending eventually.
That made Dean’s omega swell with delight, he could do that he could cum on his alpha’s cock and make him proud to have Dean as his. But unfortunately wanting something no matter how desperately doesn’t always make it happen. Despite desperately wanting to cum on Cas’s cock he couldn’t he needed just a little more. He let out the tiniest whimper and even through his haze Cas sensed this “Omega, help?”
Somehow Dean ended up sat on a jet sat in first class and it was a complete and total mystery to him – well that’s not strictly true they had packed and headed towards the airport – given that Cas was no longer under caution for the events that lead to Dean’s heat and that the conference that originally brought the Alpha to the states was over, well it ended 7 days ago but Dean wouldn’t focus on that part.
Fucking Dean trough his aftershocks Cas continued until the Omega was totally boneless. Every thrust hitting his spot. Eventually Cas’s rhythm started to become erratic and his knot started to swell. “Dean, Dean can I?” he breathed starting to feel slight panic if Dean were to say no. His fears were dispelled when the Omega smiled up and said “You better” One final thrust saw Cas’s knot catch on Dean’s rim causing Dean to white out totally as Cas let out the most feral raw he ever manged as he shot load after load into HIS omega.
“It’s called a full English Breakfast, its got hash browns; beans; sausage; bacon and a few other bits. Trust me Sweetheart you’ll love it” the scent coming off the Alpha was pure happiness and light that Dean almost couldn’t cope, his Alpha was perfect absolutely perfect. They lulled into a comfortable silence Cas cooking Dean watching – well that was until Cas spoke “So Sweetheart wanna talk about that question last night?”
“Oh I see now Sam likes to meet Alpha’s hey” Gabriel whispered after pulling back and popping a sugary sweet into his mouth. Sam’s eyes were almost totally glazed over his Alpha had been totally taken in by this odd brit, everything he seemed to do was driving his inner Alpha mad with want and need.
He could do that, he could wait a little longer for that voice. He’d probably – definitely – do anything for that voice nodding his head he groaned out “okay Alpha, for you” though in actuality he doubted that his heat would allow him to wait much longer. But he was rewarded with a purr “Thank you sweetheart” the voice said; and that was it he’d made the voice happy and that’s all that he wanted to do right now.
Cas just held him close until the tears had subsided and eventually he spook softly “Hush sweetheart, all is forgiven” and for the first time in Dean’s life he actually believed that he was worth saving.
Her face softened “No bother brother, I was just surprised as all, so tell me about him?” she said earnestly
What neither of them realised was that Lilith at that moment asked Lucifer a question "why do you think Dean didn't have any wine tonight Alpha?"
Knowing he’d have to prepare himself and Dean he decided it was best to get the Omega home then inform him that they would he hosting soon; knowing the Omega Dean would want to cook something himself in an attempt to make the best impression possible. The only thing he hoped was that Lucifer wouldn’t say anything about Samandriel.
Oh god it was Michael in the back seat with him, oh god. He left his phone at the hotel why the hell did he do that “Michael? What the hell” he growled
Cas half turned and smiled holding out his hand. Dean’s heart leaped as he all but dashed across the room intertwining his fingers with the Alpha’s. The pair shared a quick glance then turned at once to Castiel’s mother, what neither registered was the half smile on Chuck’s face at the display. After a moment Cas cleared his throat an spoke “This is Dean Winchester, my Omega…”
Just as the doors began to close Dean called out one last time “Cas!” voice full of hopelessness and fear. His higher brain didn’t even realise why anymore he needed to get to him anymore, only that his Omega was following the compulsion.
“Hi Dean, call me Charlie” the Omega smiled and offered her hand to Dean, he smiled and took it. She was happy and smiley definitely what he needed right now and to bot she was also an Omega meaning that Dean could ask about how the British expect their Omega’s to behave.
Cas’s Alpha answered for him “Yes, without hesitation or reservation” he stood holding his arms out for his Omega. Dean twitched forwards obviously wanting to be held by his Alpha nevertheless with a massive conscious effort he thought better of it and took a small step backwards. He started to stair daggers at the Alpha, though truth be told his heart wasn’t truly in it.
He was ripped from his train of thought when Cas spoke again “Omega” his voice had lost all of his anger, just full of sadness.
“Cas?” the voice was muffled but was most definitely Dean. Amazingly it wasn’t angry or full of distain. Worry yes, annoyance yes. Hell even something he couldn’t identify, but not hatred definitely not that. He coughed to clear his throat “D-Dean” god he sounded rough even to himself.
“John. I’m going to start with Dean” Michael smiled. John nodded grabbing another beer when he heard the front door being kicked open, the only thing he though was
Michael half smiled thinking he could get more information out of the young Alpha “Which hotel would that be?” Sam stoically stuck to his guns and said nothing, he had already fucked up he wasn’t going to do that twice.
“Who the FUCK are you?” Sam growled still not lowering or even waving the gun. Cas just observed at the younger man barely blinking. Dean again tried to squirm out of Cas’ hold only to be met by a low warning growl from the man holding him close. As it turns out Alphas who are threatened don’t like the object of their protection to leave who knew.
Dean smiled to himself this was a bad idea but boy would it feel good for a second or two “Hello dean”
I’m Sorry but I can’t do this Anymore. I’m no good for you, I’Ve just been using you to Escape dad and My shitty life at least for a whilE. go back to england and don’t come back. I’m going to mate michel, he’s got pills that will trigger my heat.
That was laughable, look out the window Alpha was insane there was no way he’d do that “Nope I’m good here Alpha” closing his eyes again he was happy to just lay there like this. Cas chuckled he doubted that his wilful strong Omega would want to look out “Okay Sweetheart, we’ve got about 9 hours flight ahead of us”
That made his inner Alpha angry; for no one should make any Omega, least of all his Omega feel like this for there was no excuse Omega’s need to feel loved. A memory flashed through his mind of his mind of his mother chastising Lucifer the first time he called an Omega a breeding bitch, he was 11 and Lucifer was 19. He could distinctly remember their conversation his mother stood and pointed an accusing finger “You are not welcome to use that language Lucifer” coming from his mother that was worse than being dragged though the gutter.
Dean just smiled and nodded his head “Kinda obvious at this point aint it Cas?” gesturing to his hands holding them both together. He started to move his hands again, but, soon lost coordination when he glanced up into the Alpha’s eyes again and got distracted again.
So to sum up, they went to the room to fuck and ended up spooning. Gabriel usually would take the small spoon but tonight he decided he’d take the large, something about this Alpha just wanted him to hold him close and listen to his story. So he listened to Sam talk about his life, his brother 'Dean' who sounded like someone familiar, but what were the odds that he'd be related to Cas's Dean? He listened to Sam talk about Jess, the Alpha that had helped him come to terms with his sexuality. He listened still when Sam talked of his father and how he had always pretend. The whole time he just held Sam and listened.
Noticing that something had changed in Dean’s sent Cas slowed his ministrations with his tough leaning back just enough to whisper “Sweetheart?” concern obvious in his voice.
Eventually they arrived at the Palace and were escorted to his parents day rooms, the Royal Warden introduced them his voice monotone, but even still Castiel recognised it anywhere good old William he had worked for his family for decades he could remember running through these halls William playing with them, hiding them from the nannies, he even allowed Gabriel to sneak the odd ‘guest’ into and out of the Palace. “Your Royal Highnesses, Castiel Novak Duke of Wessex, Heir to the estate and master of the keys. And his intended mate Dean Winchester”
Cas set a punishing pace, each jolt pushing the Omega closer and closer to his orgasm “That’s it baby, Good omega” he growled out hearing Dean moan oh so sweetly at the end, that gave him and idea. He ran his hand up Dean’s spine “Your so good Dean!” another oh then paused “My good Omega” followed by another oh. Dean was getting closer
his Alpha wasn’t pleased that but he really needed to think, talk to his father and sister before he’ll cross that particular bridge, later. Right now he had to distract Dean deciding to inform his omega about the visit from Lucifer’s visit later on in the week.
Suddenly Cas had a target, and location. He took off running straight out the door, he ran faster than he ever did in the past, not caring about the others in the room only caring about one thing
“So Cas hasn’t cheated on some omega with me?” the confusion obvious in his voice. His hand straying up towards his collar, despite everything that had happened today he hadn’t taken it off – sue him, he was an idiot in love.
“Well, yeah you did help me though my heat” Dean said as he turned and trotted back over to the stove adding some onions to the mixture. Cas wasn’t satisfied with just watching he needed more, walking over wrapping his arms around his omega resting his chin on the shorter man’s shoulder right next to his mating bite.  “It was my pleasure sweetheart” he coded into the omega’s ear.
If Dean was that far gone Cas would definitely have to wait till morning to even attempt a more complex conversation. Well that is if he didn’t want every answer to any and every question to be yes. Some Alpha’s would use this state to take advantage; Cas was most certainly not that type of Alpha “Oh my sweet Omega you have had a hard time have you not?” Dean just nodded and hummed to himself.
his inner Omega helpfully supplied. He opened his mouth to respond, then paused and tried again “I, I, I’m sorry Alpha” he cried out as the dams in his eyes broke and tears started streaming down his face.
Benny huffed and smiled “Yeah, don’t worry about me guys. Gabriel’s said and done worse” then started to laugh to himself.
Dean – well Dean’s Omega – was not impressed with the Alpha forestalling his clean-up operation growled slightly and grunted out “Alpha” in a tone that brooked no obstruction or opposition. Cas wisely judged that he best not interfere with the Omega’s will. He decided to instead talk to Dean’s inner omega instead “hello Omega” he said as Dean went back to licking up their mess. “Why are you cleaning me up like this hey?” he asked not really expecting and answer. He was shocked when a moment later the Omega had grabbed him by the hair and forced eye contact, shocked yes, annoyed not on your life.
his inner Omega whinnied. He slid into the seat next to Cas intertwining his fingers with the strange well-mannered brit “What Sam? What is it? What’s wrong” by the look on his brothers’ face it wasn’t good.
The room became still in addition to pin drop silent, filling with Alpha rage. The smell of honeyed whisky replaced with pure Alpha dominance. Sam bless him was trying to remain calm but having an Alpha pumping out pure rage was setting his Alpha off as well; seeing Cas as a challenge he growled low in his throat. that caused Cas to lock eyes with Sam obviously finding something to take his anger out on.
Spinning on his heal “and you” again with the finger “When someone comes out of the house with a shotgun for the love of god don’t make it worse!” he knew he was grasping at straws but he was pissed and tired, but instead of getting annoyed that an Omega was challenging him Cas smiled.
“Well to be honest, Castiel is more likely to say bugger it all and chase after you; forget title, forget duty. Everything he has, everything he’s got is nothing compared to you” Naomi said, as they heard the first few drops of rain hit the window.
Eventually they separated, Cas spoke not breaking eye contact with his gorgeous mate “Oh sweetheart don’t worry about it, trust me mother approved” his voice full of pride and happiness.
They sat there for a moment until Dean opened his eyes and slid off Cas’s lap and started to lick up their combined cum off Cas’s body. “Dean? What are you doing?” Cas’s voice was washed out and a little rough from his orgasm. The omega glanced up his eyes totally zoned out, his inner Omega was in total control at the moment. “Sweetheart you don’t have to do that” he said quietly his hand coming down to move Dean’s chin up so they could lock eyes.
“I will ask, but don’t expect the answer to be yes” he was totally not getting payed enough to act as Cas’s personal booty-call protection. Rolling his eyes he tapped the intercom and informed Cas that he had some visitors. Cas requested a minute to get ready, which turned out to be almost 5 but eventually he received authorisation to let these gentlemen in. The first and second headed into the room whilst the last and most polite thanked him and followed the other two Alpha’s.
Dean monad again his hands slipping down losing their grip, he groaned for a moment at the loss of contact. That was until he felt his Alpha’s hands come down gripping his little Omega cock tightly. His eyes shot open looking up into Cas’s “Casssss” he was nearing the edge of the abyss. And Cas knew exactly how to push him over that particular edge.
“Cas” Dean hummed quietly, that only brought another growl; even more sniffing and a slight thrust from Cas’s hips. locking eyes with the Omega Dean could see Cas’s Alpha riding high the red strong and powerful almost overwhelming the baby blue.
The Alpha holding him looked up and said quietly “You told me to ‘shut up’” and Dean just knew that if he were able Cas would have used those bloody air quotes. That made me smile even wider “listen here Cas I’m only gonna say this once. Your sister explained everything”
“How you feeling sweetheart?” he cooed down to the Omega who was obviously having trouble even thinking let alone talking was the best he came up with “Ffffff-fuking good”
“Oh Alpha please it hurts” Dean cried as tears began to roll down his cheeks. All he could think that he needed the pain to stop, he needed an Alpha any Alpha.
“Yeah I know its just how do I tell my pair bonded mate that I’m engaged to someone else? And to make matters worse I think he’s with pup” he quickly elaborated when her face dropped “his Omega told me” they both knew that Omega’s only come out when the person in question was terrified or were so happy safe that they felt secure beyond words, Naomi defiantly didn’t need to ask which one Dean was.
“Gabriel is messing with you sweetheart. Or he better be. You see he Gabriel here maybe an Alpha but he umm” Cas had a hard time finishing the sentence, as soon as Dean’s Omega heard Cas talk he started purring
“Now Omega, what was this about?” the anger in his voice decreasing he said whilst looking deep into those green eyes. All of a sudden Dean felt stupid, he had tried to make Cas leave him by picking a fight and what?
“Love you too, my sappy alpha. Now please stop moving, I can’t take much more” Dean murmured into his chest.
He found the bar in the hotel, walking in and ordering a proper English Gin and Tonic. When a tall beautiful Alpha walked in smelling of mint and leather with long hair that set Gabriel’s Alpha off. He moved over and huskily asked “Hey baby, how do I get you into a hotel room?” adding a wink on the end.
“Naomi’s, she’s back from her visit and is by far the most sensible of all the siblings. Care to explain what’s going on?” her face holding no judgment just concern. So he relayed the story of what had occurred earlier that day.
Cas indeed understood. He placed Dean on the sink counter pulling off the Omega’s shirt then helping him out of his trousers and boxers, throwing all on the floor - house keeping would deal with that. Dean smiled up at him, the look in his almost totally golden eyes one of total affection and trust. Cas lent down placing a quick kiss on his forehead and then went about getting out of his own clothes. Dean decided that he would help Cas with this monumental effort of getting undressed leaning forwards hands extended. Cas simply smiled and told the Omega that tonight was about him and he could manage taking his clothes off.
“please, I will be good Alpha I promise” he was begging now moving his hips a little more, attempting to get the Alpha to decide to mate him. “Promise” he groaned once more. Then there were hands on his face he was looking into blue eyes, and he heard the voice again “Oh sweetheart, you are good. You’re my Omega, my sweetheart. Just a little longer for me”
He’s standing up he’s started to pace the cabin, walking had always helped calm his Omega. Not to day though. He could feel the engines starting to get louder. A voice came though the miasma of panic and fear “Sir” along with the scent of beta “Sir, you must take your seat”
I know i said i wouldn't upload till Monday, but i finished the Chapter and figured you guys wouldn't complain so :) here you go
“Will you um…” Dean mumbled the last bit of the sentence so even with his amazing Alpha hearing Cas couldn’t hear what he just said.
All of a sudden he was being held picked up and plopped down in someone’s lap, someone who smelt like honeyed whisky and Petrichor and mate and love and…then he felt sharp canines on his neck biting hard breaking the skin. And as if suddenly just like that all the fear and worry ran out of him replaced with security and clam. “Humm Alpha” he gowned out. Once the teeth withdrew a rough tough came out to lick over the wound. Then the alpha nibbled his matting bite calming the Omega further. His head was being pushed into Alpha’s neck.
“let go sweetheart, that’s it cum for me” Cas growled out as he brought Dean to his orgasm feeling the Omega go a little limp and pliant in his lap. As he painted Cas’s naked torso with his seed. The sight of Dean coming undone brought him over the edge a moment later mixing his own seed with the Omega’s. He made a mental note to clean out the car personally later, if he were Gabriel or Lucifer he’d leave it.
Michael had just recovered from the shock realising who this Alpha was and swung hitting Castiel in the face square in the face, but instead of making the Alpha back off it made him smile. Blood running down his chin from his split lip “Bad move” Cas grumbled just before his teeth made contact with Michael’s neck the Alpha howled in pain. Cas’s Alpha joined it but his was howling not in pain but vindication; for he had found the Alpha that hurt his Omega. As he tore away throwing the blood of the would-be rapist all over the room only just missing the trembling Omega on the bed. Dropping the dead husk of Michael on the floor he ran towards his Omega.
Messaged received and understood if Dean’s total surrender to the Alpha’s rumbling was anything to go by “So what happens now?” he whispered quietly. Expecting responses like “Now you go home” or “this was nice but only once” what he wasn’t expecting was the response he actually got.
So what do we all think? told you cas was a gentlemen. I promise the next chapter will have some smut in it, i've updated the tags so that'll give you guys some hints ;)
“Now both of you apologies to each other” throwing as much anger as he could into his voice Sam always called this his ‘Omega voice’ there was a beat of silence. Dean staring both the knuckle head Alphas down
Looking at Cas before answering and receiving a slight nod Dean spoke "that's an understatement, I love him so much" it was only after the words had left his mouth had he realised what had just happened. Cas had told him that Lucifer would try and trick him into correcting him and thus give his older brother an excuse to exercise his authority as both Alpha and Castiel's senior.
"Umm...welll...you see" he started when he was cut off by Lucifer himself who had been watching with growing interest "come now Sweetheart, you must know how long my little brother keeps you on his knot? Or it bearly adequate that you can't tell?" Before he could think about what he was doing Dean was stood up fist slamming down on the table "how dear you insult My Alpha!" He rawed "he's the best Alpha anyone could ever ask for! Hence why his name is on my bloody collar! And for your information" pointing at Lilith and Abaddon "his knot is so huge it makes me feel like I'm being split open!" Once his tirade was complete there was a sudden oppressive silence in the room that seemed to stretch on for hours.
' hey sue him his Alpha is showing his dominance there are somethings so hard wired into him that nothing would stop it, and Castiel getting all protective and persuasive is definitely one of them.
“But nothing, don’t you deceive to be loved?” Cas said once they separated leaning his forehead against Deans
Suddenly it all made sense, Cas’s reaction upon seeing the collar, then the Alpha running off into the bedroom “So when I just got myself one”
Dean started to wake up slowly in increments, once they were settled in the car heading towards the Palace. Castiel had positioned his Omega in his lap head in his usual spot “humm Alpha” he groaned bearing his face further into Castiel’s neck
"Little Brother" Lucifer nodded. Then turning to look at Dean he smiled "hello there again pressious" and there was still something extremely cold and off putting hearing the juxtaposition between the term of endearment and the way Lucifer's voice held no warmth in it what so ever. "Last time we met, you were fast asleep something about jet lag?"
Unluckily for Dean he didn’t manage to make it to the bedroom before he was tackled onto the floor by his strongly built alpha. “Too slow sweetheart” the Alpha growled, that made the Omega both swoon and attempt to push his Alpha off to continue to run; his slick already coating his inner thighs and the floor beneath them. Cas was absolutely having none of that “Oh no sweetheart, I said I’d knot you where I found you”
Instead of the usual response Cas decided that he wouldn’t make Dean beg despite how adorable the Omega is when he was whining for Cas. Instead he simply spoke “where do you need me?” his Alpha riding him hard the whole time.
To say Dean was in haven even whilst asleep was a bit of an understatement to say the least. But something changes the sent changes from sweet to almost sickly, he whines in the back of his throat
“Yes sweetheart” he cooed to the man sitting next to him, interlinking their fingers rubbing a small cycle on the back of Dean’s hand.
his omega was preening its alpha loved him so much that he would hold him and bite him just when he needed it.
I'm sorry its taken so long, im back on the lates now so should get a few chapters done this week :)
Pulling back Sam saw the slight reddish bruise that his teeth had left on the shorter Alpha’s neck, it looked good and right, but it needed something more something else. “Loki” he groaned into his ear. Gabriel span around and jumped up throwing his arms around Sam’s neck pulling him towards his mouth, Sam was more than happy to be kissing Loki again. Somehow they made it inside the elevator heading to Gabriel’s room.
“well you did say you want me “to be here” if I remember correctly” despite the air quotes Dean was immensely happy that Cas had waited even though it had only been maybe half an hour.
They spent a few minutes catching their breath, that was until Cas spoke “So sweetheart how you feeling?” he asked coming down to kiss Dean’s forehead as his hands started rubbing cycles over Dean’s stomach suddenly a thought occurred to him
All of a sudden the car stopped engine off half way towards the house, suddenly the driver door flew open and out popped Castiel, his Alpha running towards him. Though the rain just as the heavens decided to open. Just as he was about to reach Cas he jumped into the air landing in his Alpha’s hold. Legs coming round his Alpha’s waist as he arms encompassed Castiel’s head leaning down to scent his mate.
“Fine. Just stop moving please” the slight desperation in the Omega's tone telling Cas and his Alpha that their Omega was fully satisfied and done. Stopping his movements they smiled and held each other waiting out the knot just happy to be together and so, so much in love.
despite his denial about that term he had to agree with his Omega’s sentiment. He went to apologise for everything but as soon as he opened his mouth a wet sop escaped – looks like Cas calling him sweetheart hit him harder than he thought.
Immediately after hanging up with her younger brother Naomi turned to her head of security Zachariah “Zach, we need to be heading home. Book the flight and inform the necessary people.” all without placing the phone down from her hand.
It was hands down the best night sleep Dean had ever had ever. He snugged closer to the Alpha at his back humming to himself “hum Cas you awake?” the half asleep voice making him sound as if he gargled on gravel.
So instead he went back to thinking off Cas, his smile, his scent when they were tied and the way his eyes looked when he was staring at Dean; especially when he though the Omega didn’t know he was looking, so fully and completely in love that it scared him the first time he noticed.
Then he suddenly realised he had totally forgotten about his Omega’s pleasure a flash of anguish shot through him. That was until Dean let out a little ooooh of pleasure. “That feel good my omega?” he murmured into Dean’s ear, the Omega nodded violently. “Bet this’ll feel better” he moved slowly outwards until he was almost out of Dean just the head holding the Omega’s hole open. Then slammed back in hard, jolting Dean forward the Omega crying out in pure pleasure his inner walls spasmed around Cas’s length; pleasure shooting up Cas’s spine
Eventually when Cas returned home it was late – well so late it was actually early, but who was counting. He couldn’t sleep, the car journey had returned to the front of his mind with full force. Sitting in his office he turned on his laptop and navigating to skype clicking on the call button then sat back and rolled his shoulders again – why was he feeling so stiff and on edge – after a few moments a women answered she had frosty white hair and a kind smile that grew wider when she regarded her youngest brother “Castiel, it is good to see you!” to some she seemed aloof and withdrawn, but, Castiel knew different she cared deeply for her family. That included her elder brother Lucifer despite all his ‘questionable’ world view.
“So, you here to go all Frankenstein on my ass or something?” Cas’s face melted away into something less confused and further into exasperation. Closing the door behind him, Cas flipped through a chart Dean was only now noticing. Gesturing back to the table Dean had recently vacated, he took a seat himself a few feet away.
Shutting his mouth with a click, Dean straightened up to stare down at the other man. He didn’t know who this guy was or how he managed to get Dean there without actually waking him up, but he knew it couldn’t be good.
“Heya Sammy.” He glared at Dean before his glare dissipated at seeing Cas. He opened and closed his mouth for a few seconds before finally seeming to settle on something.
“Gross, so do not need to see this.” Breaking apart, Dean turned and glared at his brother who just stood there, grinning at them in a way that suggested he cared far less than he let on.
“Honestly, like I had a choice in believing you after a man just comes out of nowhere and then disappears again into a stop watch.”
A pause then, “what?” Gabriel wandered away only to come to a stop next to Sam and leaned against him.
“Alright so, what did you want to check out?” He grinned and lead Sam around the corner until the banner with the words ‘Annual Pie Festival’ were in sight and for everyone to see. Sam took one look at it before his smile dropped and he was looking at Dean.
In the back, Sam shot him worried looks in the mirror, even then he didn’t notice. He didn’t notice much of the ride out, he didn’t even notice they were there and parked until Sam sighed and was getting out. Blinking into awareness, he looked down at Miracle for a moment and he looked back up at him.
“But, how?” Next to him Cas shrugged and stood up, followed a second later by Dean hauling Sam to his feet.
“It’s good to see you man.” Cas nodded his head and hesitantly brought up his hands to pat Sam’s back.
Breathing as deeply as he could through his nose, he wondered if he was switched with other him. Probably not seeing as Sam was also here. He wondered how Sam was doing. There was no chance that he had any money on his person when he got here, on top of that this place might not even accept the same currency. Sighing, he rolled into his side and came to terms with the fact that he’d just have to wait.
“Of course I remember Alpha Doctor, Duke and filthy rich. And I’m a broke, stupid omega” he spat out bitterly, still holding the Alpha close. Why was he picking a fight with the most perfect Alpha in the world? Not even Dean really knew. From one second to the next he was span round and given a firm swat on his naked ass “Dean Winchester, no one will ever talk about you like that even you!” Cas roared Alpha voice full and strong. The instant his hand made contact with the Omega Dean felt safe; secure oddly loved.
“No, he is his own and he gave himself to me. Unlike you I did not try to take. Now you two are leaving as you are upsetting my mate.” Cas was rather eloquent when he tried to be.
Once they finally arrived at the Omega shop it was decided that Benny would remain outside whilst Dean and Charlie would go inside. The two omegas ran off into the store practically as soon as the car came to a stop, smiling and laughing. Benny just huffed and mused to himself that those two Omegas are becoming good friends and that Cas had better watch out.
Eventually they were settled in the car heading towards Castiel’s country estate “Well that went well” Cas smiled and handed Dean a coke.
Benny was on duty this morning, and he had to admit that this was definitely totally abnormal to hear moans and grunts coming from Castiel's room, Gabriel definitely; Lucifer on occasion hell even Naomi once or twice. But Castiel he was a good one, he’d never just have some random Omega. He had just dismissed the chef when three individuals left the lift and approached him and the door. Standing, coughing to clear his throat “Excuse me Sirs, His Royal Highness is not seeing anyone at this time”
“Yes sweetheart?” The Alpha said glancing his head over and something deep inside the Omega relaxed. His inner Omega purred ‘S
“Hey sweetheart, how are you feeling” oh that voice so rough and smooth at the same time, he loved it. It was Cas. His Alpha. He didn’t say anything too happy to just sit and inhale his Alpha’s scent. “Dean sweetheart, talk to me please” oh that voice was now full of concern he should respond his Omega was telling him to listen to Alpha.
Dean was in total heaven, but he needed more. So as soon as Cas started kissing him he moved his hands slowly down his body till he reached his boxers; looking up for permission he saw Cas smile and nod even as he continued kissing him. Dean brought the boxers as far as he could down, Cas handled the rest. Once reviled in all its glory Cas’s cock was hard and pumping out pre cum ready for the Omega’s tight wet hole, Dean paused.
“So you managed to get someone to mate you before Michael here?” John said gesturing to the Alpha next to him who was obviously about half a minute from losing his mind with anger. “And you’re some pompous prince or something?” John finished
He slowly moved his hand up towards the not pillow. “Hey look who’s back with me” The not pillow said, it had a voice that was smooth and rough all at once, a that voice he remembered, but form where? He continued moving his hand closer moving the hair out of the way off the not pillows eyes.
What neither brother realised was Dean was listing to the entire thing. Walking in sitting right on Cas’s lap facing Gabriel wrapping his arms around Cas’s neck. “Cas, don’t forget you shouted down my asshole farther” he helpfully supplied.
Castiel decided that he’d personally give his Omega the tour of the house. He showed him all the rooms plus the bedrooms and a room opposite theirs which he fondly smiled and said it was for their pups, for some reason the Alpha smelt like pure pride and happiness. Then he walked dean into the Master Bedroom, it was larger than the entreaty of the penthouse back in the states with a walk in wardrobe and en-suite bathroom that was simply huge.
that voice sent another shiver down his spine, but unlike Alastair’s it wasn’t revulsion. Sending the Omega into a bit of an internal crisis which Alpha to listen too. Eventually after what could have been hours or minuets dean couldn’t be curtain. “N, n”
“No worries” she smiled and benny said almost in unison. That made Dean less self-conscious, these two were good to him much better than the so-called friend’s in the states that liked to take the piss out of the Omegas compulsion.
“Cas I guess you’re gonna be home late, Benny says you work late most of the time. Foods in the oven for you to heat up when you get home. Love you my big silly Alpha” she paused and let out a slight laugh “he’s even put a little heart emoji what a cute Omega you’ve got there Cas”
He looked down into his hands, despite meeting several Alpha’s he had never been with any well not since Jess that was, sometimes it was nice to not have to pretend to be something he wasn’t. Tomorrow he would go back to what his Dad wanted him to be; the Alpha that will find a nice quiet Omega. One day he’d have to and maybe on that day it’ll kill him, but, but tonight he could just imagine what it was like to not have to pretend or deceive or, or. He had obviously been staring at his hands for some time, as he felt soft hands moving up his arms and a warm body pressed against him.
He thought to himself. That had two answers; firstly he was pacing in the bedroom; secondly he was ignoring his Omega, his Dean. Dean had brought a collar and he had ran away. Rationally he tried to tell himself that Dean had no idea what collars mean back home, but, that didn’t help him with his inner Alpha who was currently screaming at him to get back in there to comfort and collar his mate. His Omega, his everything.
“Dean Alpha, on Roadhouse lane number 12a Alpha” he murmured. The whole incident with Alastair had taken a lot out of him sleep was calling to him. Cas looked in the rear view mirror smiling at the Omega in the back seat “Please Dean call me Castiel” oh those bright blue eyes locked with his again and Dean smiled
“Oh a text, well bloody hell! That’s why you woke me? A text?” he was getting a bit annoyed that was until he felt Cas rubbing cycles on his hand. Surprising how a simple gesture could calm him so easily.
Smiling to himself he asked the question “ready?” Dean nodded. So Cas began he lifted Dean until he was almost out then slammed back in; to a chorus of ohhs and arrs from the smaller man. He set a punishing pace in and out, in and out. Dean was in total bliss his head rolled back arms came down, he was totally dependent on Cas and he felt amazing, every thrust caused every nerves in his body to sing.
“Hell no, I’m just the diver” the gruff response was given, though it didn’t hold any malice. It was obvious they both knew something he didn’t. Throwing his hands up and letting out a laugh Dean mumbled out “Fine, both of you guys are asses sometimes” as he slumped back into the chair. Turning to watch the world roll by. He wasn’t sure why heading to Castiel’s Sisters was a good idea but it gets him away from the situation at least for a while so he wasn’t gonna argue.
Without even introducing himself the one that smelt of drink slurred towards the Omega that was sat in Cas’s lap “So you whored yourself out? As what revenge when I arrange a suitable match” that caused a whimper from the man on his lap and set his Alpha on edge, but Cas was a Royal he knew how to behave so he would keep his temper in check at least for now that is. Thanks to Benny he could figure out the two gentlemen’s, John the farther, Michael quite frankly spine chilling one and of course Sam who he had met a few day earlier.
“Yes. So get the bloody car now!” she snapped. Causing him to smile and disappear out of the room. Turning her attention to Dean now she saw him to what appeared to her to be on the brink of tears. “Right then Mister” she started as she got the rest of the way out of bed.
Knowing he was on the right track Cas smiled and allowed a bit more Alpha voice to come out “Why not, I’m going to and you are most definitely going to love it” and if saying he was going to was working; then telling Dean how he’d feel about it was hitting the nail on the head because from one moment to the next the slick went from a trickle to a flood. Cas could definitely smell it now, like strawberries and sugar unmistakably Dean.
Cas came back to himself all at once the instant his aftershocks had subsided. He was in bed. Dean was in his arms. He tied to pull back to see what had occurred only to be met by a slight hiss from the Omega. Stopping he looked down to see they were in fact tied together.
Cas used the time to go over how the introduction would be made, he’d be introduced first then Dean. As he was the Alpha and Son.
“He’s heading back from Anchorage, should be here by tomorrow night” Sam uttered quietly, he hated to do this especially after everything that had happened and how Dean looked being held by Cas.
Let me know what you think, and who you think the text was from. I promise next time there will be a bit more angst
Dean pulled his head back and locked eyes with his slightly – very – silly alpha “Shut up Alpha” he grumbled out as he fell back down for another kiss “I’m angry, god am I angry” he continued when he came up for air. He expected another apology, or well something other than his Alpha looking deeply into his eyes tears running down his face. After a moment when it was obvious that no reply was coming he spoke again whispering out “Cas you gonna say something?”
“Alpha knot” he confirmed smiling evilly to himself, just as he slipped in to his Omega, his hand coming down grabbing a hold of the Omega’s neck and the other pulling his head back so he could grumble into his ear “how’s that feel sweetheart”
Dean huffed yes of course he knew other words he just couldn’t think of any right this second obviously. “yes” he stated.
“My intentions Sam are simple Dean is strong and independent, but I also think he needs someone to take charge sometimes. I intent to be that person. If he’ll have me that is”
“Because the little guy deserves to live his life to the fullest and he can only do that-“ he slapped the back of the seat “-up front.” Sam scoffed but went back to his moping. Smiling smugly, he reached over and turned up the radio.
“The hard way is this.” Sam said, flicking out a small blade the length of Dean’s pinky, maybe even less.
“No, no I’ve never seen him before, I thought he was new.” Him and Sam looked at one another from across the table.
“This is Sam by the way,” he faltered for a second wondering how to continue but decided on the truth. “My brother.”
“Fine, I’ll take the stupid machete.” He could hear his brother scoff from behind him as he closed the trunk and stomped towards the barn like a whinny child. It looked like the one he’d met Cas at all those years ago, only without the sigils or the angels-
“Not Cuckoo for Coco Puffs?” He offered. Cas nodded before leading the way up into a small one bedroom flat with the barest essentials.
“All my years of work, I’ve seen some weird crap, this ones new though.” Humming, he looked at it for another second before straightening up. She followed closely behind but not before covering the body up once more.
“Okay so, these questions may sound weird but I need you to answer them. Have there been any freak light storms happening lately? Flickering lights? Cold spots?  Anyone acting out of character?” To each question, Cas shook his head and in the end Dean was left to stare outside the window. What now? What could they possibly do now?
“I’m just going to stop you there and ask just how many times have you told me this spiel?” Her terrified features crumpled slightly, just enough to be noticeable.
“I think it’s time for us to be going, Jenny said she’d call dibs so there’s a chance there’s more where those guys came from.” They both nodded and the trio trooped out towards the impala. Miracle, upon spotting him, got up and began barking happily while wagging his tail. Cas tilted his head at the dog and shot a look to Dean.
Last he’d heard Rowena prevented demons from coming up here but he must have been wrong. Rogue demons, great. Next to him, she wrinkled her nose and glanced between him and the body.
“Winchester?” Turning slowly, Dean stared into Bobby’s eyes and had to work hard not to pull the older man into a hug.
So stuck in his head, Cas missed the fond look the other sent his way as soon as his back was turned, but that was okay. It wasn’t meant to be seen yet anyway.
“Because even if you’re not my Cas you’re still a Castiel or Jimmy or whatever. Besides, you could lock me up in another straitjacket inside a straitjacket inside a concrete box and I swear I would find a way out.” As if that explained anything, Dean turned to leave before his arm was once more captured in the others hand.
“So you’re running the joint now, that’s-that’s great.” She tilted her head and smiled at him not in a kind way.
“No, it doesn’t. If it did, we wouldn’t be here now would we?” Smile crawling up his face, he huffed.
“Yeah, Bobby. Bobby singer. Robert Singer?” Cas’s eyes widened as he stood slowly, removing the glasses from his face as he went.
“Because... you didn’t choose this. Besides, there’s something about how you woke up this time, you’re.. different.”
“Did I die? Am I still in the empty?” Chuckling, he shook his head ever so slightly as to not break the contact.
“Yeah, it’s me buddy.” Dropping the gun into the nearest surface the two crossed the room towards one another and crashed into the others body. Arms coming up on habit, he patted Cas’s back as though this hug didn’t mean everything to him the same as the other. Neither moved for a solid minute and even when they did it was only so they could look into the others face.
“Hey Dean, you ready to go and meet up with dr. Singer today?” Charlie’s bright smile did nothing to ease the sense of dread sitting in his gut as he stood up. Nodding once to her he followed noiselessly out of the room and down the hall. They stopped outside a door with a plaque Dean should have read but bypassed in exchange for staring directly at Charlie, probably for an uncomfortable amount of time.
“Exactly. Last year there were three, the year before that as well in fact, every year three patients go missing. It’s dated back to since this place opened, maybe even before.”
“There you go. Now, if you really wanted to make it believable, maybe add in a bit about the patients being drained of blood or-or have a wound just below and behind their ear.” Patting his knee, he stood up and began walking away, shaking his head back and forth the entire way. Out in the hallway, two orderlies pretended to talk with one another while casting not so secretive glances at one another. Sighing he rolled his eyes and continued on with the names of those who he can possibly trust bouncing around in his head. No way he would find them on his own, not when he didn’t know the lay of the land. He’d need a map or-
“Guess I just have to deal, huh.” Miracle whined but didn’t reply. Sighing, he joined Sam outside the car and soon the two had been checked into a motel and changed into their suits.
“I’ve recently wanted to branch out and try macrame but the nurses say I’m not attentive enough to do it.”
He had to say, the kid definitely came through for him, maybe he should send him a gift basket. Do they send those through inter dimensional wavelengths? It didn’t matter, all that mattered currently was the man sitting besides him in the car and the one mocking him in the backseat. See what he could do indeed.
“Man I got to tell you, that’s a relief to hear. And the asylum? Turns out when they find a patient that’s too far gone? They just send them up to ‘Lakeland.’” Sam shook his head at Dean, clearly not getting it. “Lakeland is apparently another asylum and code for sending you to your death.”
“About seven times since you got here.” Blowing out an impressed whistle, Dean switched over to an easygoing smile while still leaning forwards.
“So who are we here for again?” Sam didn’t miss the quick glance Dean sent his way once they were out and headed towards the front door but chose not to comment on it.
“Dean,” Bobby set his notes aside and leaned forwards while rubbing at the bridge of his nose. “We’ve been over this before. Your brother died in a house fire when you were four. This brother that you keep imagining isn’t real, nor is hunting vampires or werwolves or whatever a rugaru is.” Pausing his everything, Dean stared at the other man with a half smile half frown.
“I-I don’t know, Martin had been completely normal up to a few weeks ago.” Raising his eye brows, Dean motioned for her to continue. “He’s been acting weird lately though, I mean, going into patients rooms and coming back out, later they are dead and-and then he just up and vanished. I don’t know what’s going on and I would never tell you of all people about this under any other conditions but-“
“Bobby, I don’t know what’s going on man. And before you start-“ he held up a finger when Bobby opened his mouth to interrupt “-no, I don’t mean anything about this whole fake shit. I mean I went to bed last night after a long day and next thing I know I’m waking up in a straitjacket with you people telling me I hunted a rugaru when I haven’t seen one of those things in years. I don’t know what’s going on.” Bobby stared at him as if he had three heads, hand hovering over the button to call orderlies while halfway standing.
When he’d given that officer his card, he’d never imagined she’d actually call, no less for a different case altogether. Drowsy and wishing he hadn’t cried half the night before, he and Sam dressed up and left Miracle to explore the room alone while they went to the scene of yet another crime. She stood outside waiting for him and raised her hand in welcome once they’d come within range.
“Damn right excuse you. I changed you? Something you couldn’t have? Damnit Cas, you changed me, how could you not get that, man.” Cas furrowed his brows and tilted his head.
“Because, that’s why.” Scoffing at his brothers antics, Sam silently went back to staring ahead of him at the road until they pulled up into a parking lot and both got out.
“How?” He asked a second later, looking the other over. Not a spot on him, no scratches, bruises, not even a rip in his clothing.
“Why can’t villain hideouts ever be in nice places, like a mansion or a hotel,” he grumbled while looking up at the old rotting barn in front of them. Next to him Sam raised his eye brow and looked at him.
“And what do you mean by you’ve lived through hallucinations.” He was halfway to forming the words when he took in the others not-real enough to be genuine concern, the overly open expression he wore and the hands hovering above the pen and paper, desperately attempting to hold himself back from writing this all down. Laughing, Dean shook his head and stood from the table.
Oh no, that happened later in the bathroom alone when he had nothing but the bathtub and his own  broken reflection as company.
“I’ve read through dads journal a hundred times, that thing is in there. Supposedly like twenty years ago a group of them showed up, took three kids and killed both parents. Except, it also took their tongues as well.”
“Alright then, guess we better figure out who fits the bill.” Several hours later they laid in wait as a van pulled up outside of the one family fitting the criteria’s home. It definitely didn’t belong to them, there were no plates and two men wearing skeleton masks hopped out. Smirking, he shifted onto his other foot in wait as they drew closer.
“Then I guess we both are. Cas, I’m sorry man. I’m so sorry I didn’t get to tell you or try to get you out of the empty or-“
“I’ll tell you about it on the way.” Before getting in, he shot a look to Sam who nodded and went around to the other side but got into the backseat, this time willingly. Cas seemed confused by it but upon Dean calling out to him, got into the front. Ten minutes later he was still recounting the tale with a bit more gusto than there really was with Sam laughing at him in the back, Miracle laying on Cas’s lap and the hand he wasn’t using to steer firmly clasped around the hand of his angel.
Rolling onto his stomach, his arms twitched to go around his pillow, only coming up short. Blinking into awareness, Dean rolled over and leapt onto his feet in one swift movement while tugging at his arms once more. Slowly looking down at himself he stared at the straitjacket around his torso.
“Well, we didn’t, a homeless man did though.” She lifted the sheet to reveal a man with burnt out eyes and a stab wound. Eyebrows twitching downwards, Dean crouched down to look closer. There was something yellow on the guys fingers. Swallowing bile he reached out and raised it to his face, he still couldn’t see it very well so he did the next thing to come to kind and sniffed it. Sulfur.
Only then did it cross his mind that maybe that angel dude was lying about his Dean being alright. As he was beginning to lose hope he would wake up, Dean shot upward with a gasp of air. Cas was on his feet in a second, besides him and placing his hands on the others upper back and on his shoulder, shushing the others panting.
“Dude, did you hear me?” He tried again, expression not changing. Still, Dean kept staring down at his screen, eyes barley skimming the contents of the page until they found what had caught his eye in the first place. A hand waving around in front of his face brought him back into reality as Sam shook his head at him.
“Still, uh, come in.” Sitting down, Dean looked over the stacks of papers and books scattered around the room impressed.
“I don’t,” Castiel glanced back, relaxing his intense face for the slightest flash of a smile, “but you do. Go and fix whatever this is that needs fixing.”
“So, evil mimes am I right?” If he couldn’t feel their glares, he could certainly feel his brothers.
“I haven’t gone by Castiel in years, in fact, you’ve been calling me Jim or Jimmy for years now so how did you know my birth name was Castiel.” Sighing, Dean rubbed at his face with one hand while he set the other onto his hip. How should he say this in the nicest way possible.
“Screw it.” He said before dropping the machete he still held and grabbing the others face with his other hand and pulling his face towards him, not much caring if he got blood on the other unblemished face. He’d had kisses before in his life, unusually meaning nothing and amidst sex. There’s wee a few times he’d kissed a woman and felt it was special in his soul but this was different.
“Well, I will leave you two to it.” With that she spun on her heel and walked away. Behind him the door opened and another voice he knew called out to him.
“You comin’?” His gruff voice startled Dean out of his trance and he followed noiselessly into the room to sit across from his sergate father on a barley passable couch.
“Guess we’re doing this the hard way. You see, the easy way would have been you told us and get this,” he held up his still bloodied machete. The other eyed it warily but said nothing.
“This place is corrupt. Whether my Dean is good or not, I have no idea but damnit I have to know. With the amount of drugs they have me supplying him, it’s hard to say whether he’s sane or not. Be careful.” Nodding, Cas let Dean’s arm go and fled. Eyes wide he came to a stop back where he’d begun, in front of his room. Well, it was probably his room. Shaking his head he walked in and found that, yes, it was indeed his room. Sighing he looked around and toyed with the idea of trying to sleep but decided against it. Instead he once more found himself pulling the furniture apart but this time with the intent of gaining weapons of some sorts.
“Uh, he-he said his name was Jim Rockford.” Shoulders falling half an inch, Dean nodded and moved to follow the other man out of the room when he lead him into a room where he spotted a familiar face.
“I’m sorry,” a head popped into the doorway, hesitance written clearly on their features. “There’s, uh, there’s someone here to talk to mr. Winchester and it’s visiting time so...” he trailed off, glancing between Cas, sitting clearly startled in his chair, a pen in his limp hand and notepad on the floor after he dropped it in Dean’s confrontation and Dean, standing tall with a look of murder in his face.
“Yes,” whirling around, Dean stared wide eyed at Gabriel who sat on a chair a few feet away. “Yes I am.” Growling, Dean would have charged him if Sam didn’t block him from moving as well.
“No I mean crap, I’ve seen this before.” Raising an eye brow, Sam gestured for Dean to get on with it and the two began the walk back to their car.
He sat down with a whine and Dean smiled. The dog had a mind all on its own. Dawning his game face, he shut the door and walked over.
“You remember everything that’s happened?” Dean nodded, scooting forwards further from the back of the couch and closer to Cas.
“I don’t know, you-you’ve gone on and on for years about these-these supernatural creatures like when you claimed Marilyn was a rug-ran-ue-“
“Yeah.” Soon after a yawn ripped through his body that he tried to ignore, he really did, but the next thing he knew Sam was throwing a pillow at his head and it was eight o’clock in the morning.
“What are you doing all the way over here.” Laughing, he rubbed at the back of his neck and gestured around them.
“Thank goodness you’re still here now hurry up before we both get thrown in a jacket.” Blinking, Dean still had no idea what was happening but picked up the pace to match the other. Ears picking up on something, he flung his arm out and caught Bobby in the stomach, forcefully causing him to stop. Bobby opened his mouth, probably to yell at him, but Dean cut him off by shoving his palm over the others mouth and shushing him. Not a second later, rushed footsteps sounded and he shoved himself and Bobby as far into the wall as he could until they ran past. Letting his hand drop, he scrounged his nose and wiped his palm on his pants.
“Come on man, we need this, I need this. Ever since Chuck got out of office I’ve been dying of boredom. Come on, even if this doesn’t turn into anything it’s something to do. Besides, I think Miracle wants to get out.” As one they both turned to look at the dog sitting on the chair next to Dean.
“Gabriel?” Turning slowly, Dean looked at the cashier to find the one and only angel turned trickster gesturing for Sam to continue. Laughing, Dean walked forwards and smacked Sam’s upper back, hoping it would help snap him out if it.
“No you didn’t.” Bordering on awkward silence, Dean decided to clear the silence by doing what he did best. Working a case.
Gabriel thought to himself and somehow he became a thousand times cuter “Oh I’ve stumped you” letting out a little chuckle “it is okay you can tell me you know I’m not one to judge” Sam seemed to be frozen like he brain was stuck in a loop. Deciding to risk it he leant over and rubbed Sam’s knee whispering into his ear “If you tell me, I will give you a treat” then licked along the shell of Sam’s ear.
He smiled and spoke softly “Alpha” the slight growl that occupied the statement sent shivers down his spine. He was about to start moving his hand again when suddenly he had an idea, quickly adjusted his position so that he was fully straddling Castiel’s legs between his and got his own cock out, pressing it against the Alpha’s. Though he was less than a third the size he knew exactly how good it felt to cum this way.
“Stop interrupting! Later he came to me spent the night in the morning we mated and that’s all you need to know” Cas finished his story in a very matter of fact way, as he pulled down his collar to revel Dean’s bite.
Cas was about to start talking when a voice sounded from beside him “Oi I am right here you could talk to me you know” Dean didn’t even realise he spoke until all eyes were on him. His brain went into a little melt down at that, he had done the one thing Cas had specifically asked him not to do.
Cas’s Alpha helpfully supplied, Cas just smiled and let his Omega continue his menstruations. It was faultless, so perfect that he drifted off to sleep. Who wouldn’t? Their Omega cleaning them purring happily. It was absolutely perfect without equal the single handily the best moment of his life so far.
Eventually Cas spoke again softly into his ear “Are your ready?” Dean was totally curtain that if he said no Cas would send them all away and hold him close, knot him and make him feel good. But Dean was a grown-ass-man he didn’t need his Alpha to fight his battles for him, though having Cas here would defiantly help. Pulling back slightly he looked right into his Alpha’s eyes “Promise you will not leave me?” he said totally not like a whinny needy omega that was totally not wanting to stay with his Alpha.
But to everyone's surprise Lucifer didn't react only smiled and whispered into Abaddon's ear something bearly audible.
“Yes my sweetheart” Cas rumbled into his ear, smiling to himself when Dean pushed himself further into his hold. “’m not a sweetheart” groaned, though in reality Cas suspected that Dean didn’t believe he was worthy of such a term of endearment and in that moment decided that if it was the last thing he did he’d make Dean believe it.
Dean gestured to himself looking down towards his ass, still on display waiting for Cas “Yes?” he asked again, the hopeful look returning
Swallowing Naomi stated talking “Well you’ve come to the right place. Anyone who’s anyone listens to me” she smiled wider, it was a little frosty but held a certain type of warmth that Dean would find hard to explain to anyone else. It was like the older Omega next to him was simultaneously threatening whilst also loving “firstly, my brother loves you very much” she continued on.
Luckily Cas was in total agreement; kissing his way up Dean’s neck till his breath ghosted over his sent gland he spoke ever so softly, as if the slight raising of his voice would cause Dean to shatter like glass “hush, you were recovering from the compulsion.”
Running over Dean though his arms around his younger brother, well tried to anyway “Sammy go, make sure he sees a Doc” he said.
Despite how adorable it was to be cleaned by Dean Cas was not going to let him get away without talking about it, “Dean” he rumbled he voice a little lower telling the omega that his Alpha wasn’t going to distracted. Dean paused pulled back looked Cas in the eyes and spoke perhaps a little too quickly, but it was from the heart and that’s what Cas wanted “It was amazing okay. I had you” then he went back to cleaning his Alpha’s neck.
“Now you listen here Alpha. I love you. More than anything, maybe even Sammy. Now go to bloody sleep Alpha. Got it” removing his hand he leaned up and kissed him leaning back and looking deeply into those blue eyes. Seeing Cas smile that crooked grin of his he fell back into his arms and promptly fell back asleep. This time Cas quickly joined him being dragged down by the man in his arms.
Sticking to his guns Cas smiled again let in so he was a few inches away from Dean’s ear and spoke even more softly “Not tonight sweetheart, tonight were going to spoon okay?” kissing Dean’s temple as a promise.
Dean was taken aback “Of course I will I love you Sam” he told him, paused and the continued “though never use your Alpha Voice on me again” he finished prodding his finger into the Alpha’s chest. Sam just smiled “Couldn’t even if I wanted to, Cas is the only Alpha your listen to now” turning to see Cas standing looking rather annoyed he decided that it was best to sort Dad out and leave Dean to his newly mated and angry alpha.
Cas nudged his nose against Deans and waited until his eyes were back locking with his, letting out a soft purr when the Omega finally had the confidence to return his gaze. “Oh no you’re my beloved, and I love you so much” his alpha was in total agreement the only thoughts going through its head were
Dean was having trouble focusing especially on anything that wasn’t Cas’s hands or the sound of his voice. So the only word he could come up with was ‘yes’
Seeing what was happening between Cas and Sam, Dean acted quickly pushing Cas down back into the seat and sliding back into Cas’s lap whispering into his ear “Cass calm down, Its okay. I’m used to it” rubbing the back of his neck little concentric cycles. It was working until Sam moved to exit the room wanting to clear his head. Cas’s eyes instantly swag around away from the Omega.
Cas looked out the window seeing the two Omega’s quickly scampering into the house smiling and laughing together. He turned back into his seat and smiled who’d have thought him going on a seminar trip to the States would see him come back with a mate. The patient was a young beta with a serious heart condition upon arriving at the hospital he rushed to the OR to render his particular expertise. A few hours into the surgery his phone beeped he was elbow deep so the nurse read out the message
Sam repeated the instruction, but, Dean didn’t move for a few heart beats; and time was running out John would want Sam to drink with them. For the first time ever Sam took a deep breath and without raising his voice his Alpha rumbled out
“OI STUPID ALPHA’S” she all but screamed at the four useless Alphas. That got the reaction she was hoping for; all four stopped and looked at the small Omega. Gabriel smiled, Sam faltered in his attempts to escape Gabriel grasp, Balthazar swung his gaze around the room and Castiel couldn’t stop the growling rumbling through his throat.
Sam sat opposite him handing him his cup of tea, Cas didn’t drink it cause apparently American’s decide to put the milk in before the water and to make it worse they leave the tea bag in. Sam became very awkward and fidgety not looking at Cas. Eventually Cas broke the awkwardness and spoke “I didn’t mean to challenge Dean’s Alpha, in fact I didn’t know he was mated”
“Sam, Dean I’m hope and I’ve brought a guest for you two to meet” John shouted as he walked through the front door. Dean came running up and fell to his knees as he has always done, well since he presented as Omega that was. Long ago when Mary was alive his dad was kind and gentle, that all changed when she went missing and he presented.
“I need” he groaned pushing his head further into the pillow, simultaneously hiding the blush on his cheeks and pushing his ass even higher up into the air. A blush that he knew without a shadow of a doubt, that Cas knew was there. That thought pushed his cheeks further towards the red.
As it happened Cas was the first to break the silence “Apologies. Sam was it?” that voice of his was almost back to normal; less of growl more a subtle purr
“Here, I’ll help.” Taken aback, Dean watched with one eyebrow raised as Cas waved him along and began to lead the way away.
“So, how’re you doing so far? Usually we have to go over what happened this time so let’s start there. Do you remember what we had to lock you up for.”
“Times change.” He said, jerking his arm out of the others grasp before moving away and walking down the hall back to the room he’d stayed in the last night. The rest of the day passed almost like the first with one exception, group therapy. Dean was invited to it but the invite was phrased in a certain way, one that made it more of a threat if he didn’t go. So there he was, sitting in a circle with six others while Cas sat across from him.
“Hello Dean.” Within the second he was hoisted to his feet and came face to face with a woman who he wouldn’t remember had it not happened with his dad.
Panting, he bent over and leaned his hands on his knees to take a second. Goodness knows how far he was from the main building but he saw something much more promising, the parking lot, filled to the brim with cars. All of them alone, all of them easy to break into. Checking to make sure he still had his makeshift lock-pick on him, he picked the least douche like car and got it running. He wasn’t sure how much time he had before they figured out where he was or what he was doing but didn’t much care. They would figure out whose car he’d stolen soon so he needed to get away.
“Like hell I’m not.” He grumbled, sitting down and digging his finger into a pumpkin pie slice which he promptly scooped back out and offered to Miracle. The dog happily took it and one he was finished, Dean turned back to catch a plate of his own pie right in his face. Letting it slowly slip down, he glared at his laughing brother.
“The one who died?” He could hear the disbelief in the others voice but chose to ignore it. Much like when he ignored when Sam turned to him.
“No, if anything, whoever did this probably did us a favor but I’m not sure if it was a good or bad one.” Glancing over to her, he winced but stuck out his hand.
“Bobby?” His relief at seeing Dean was short lived as a second later he grabbed Dean’s shoulders and jerked him out of the room. The sudden movement startled Dean enough he dropped the makeshift weapon and stumbled blindly along.
“Last time we tried to get you up before nine you threatened to stab the orderlies.” Eye brows raising on their own accord, Dean frowned at the other. Yeah, that did kind of sound like him. Unless it was by his own will, anyone other than Sam waking him up had to have a death wish.
“He said something about wanting to join us, so, who knows.” Cas nodded before leaning in and pecking Dean on the lips which he returned full heartedly.
“I mean if I weren’t so certain Sammy had a concussion and needed help, I would kiss you right now.” As one they both looked down at where his brother still laid on the floor, unconscious and unaware of all happening around him. Glancing over at Cas, he caught he other looking at him other confusion.
from one blink to the next Dean presented ass up shoulders down, arms pulling his cheeks apart showing his tight ring of muscle a continuous stream of slick coming out of it, Cas’s inner Alpha marvelled at the sight of it. Overcome with possessive urges he lent forward and licked a line from Dean’s balls to his hole, it tasted like heaven on earth. “Thank you sweetheart” he grumbled out. Getting behind the Omega “Ready sweetheart?” the slight nod that he got from Dean was enough to start. He didn’t move fast or slow just one continual movement inwards till he was totally seated inside his beautiful mate, it was blissful so tight and warm his Alpha relished it.
Dean adjusted his position, totally by accident causing Cas to hit his spot deep inside of him. Dean’s eyes shot open locking with the beautiful blue ones that were transfixed with his, rapturously looking down at him. “C-c-cas, I cum?” Cas just smiled lent forwards and spoke sternly in full Alpha Voice “As many times as you want Sweetheart” which apparently was all Dean’s Omega was waiting for as his inner walls contracted and he shot he load all over their chest, even hitting his face. Cas upon seeing this lent forwards and licked up as much seed as he could kissing Dean so he could teat it.
“We home yet?” Dean asked, apparently Cas had bitten him a little harder than he intended, as he was still a little – well a lot – out of it.
“Oh is my precious Omega feeling frisky? Hey?” Cas’s rumble sounded totally wrecked and turned on all the same. He was looking down at Dean with so much love and affection it was like he couldn’t contain it all.
What did you guys think? I wanted to make it like Dean was having trouble hopefully it worked. please comment and let me know :)
"Yes you seen Castiel here" Lucifer gestured to him "has always had trouble with his Alpha being too pliant. In my opinion, so I wanted to see if he'd be willing to go against me for you" and as he paused he smiled again but this time instead of being disturbing it was simply pleased with the nights events. "I'm glad my little brother's found you Dean" the evening ended quietly and a few hours later with Lucifer embracing Castiel and shaking Dean's hand formally. As Dean watched their car retreat he felt Cas's hand come up and place on his neck "let's go to bed sweetheart?"
Dredging through his memory Dean suddenly remembered where he herd that name before, when Cas was shouting down his Dad
“Okay Cas, and thanks for helping me out back there” regaining a bit of his equilibrium, stating to relax a little more.
“Yeah da morning, now pass the glass” John smiled leaning over the table almost falling, but, just managing to garb the glass and pour himself another drink. Sam only hoped that Cas could figure something out between now and then.
“no you look at me, dude calm down!” Dean all but shouted grabbing his head forcing him to look at Dean. That seemed to work snapping Cas out of his Alpha’s hold, his eyes clear and he looks directly at Dean right in the eyes, the red diminishing slowly.
