And Sherlock smiles, a smile John has never seen before, and he knows that for the first time in his lifetime of misguided, miserable choices, he’s finally made the right one.
“What…” John recovers quickly, taking a step back. What he sees when he peeks over the DI’s shoulder is so unexpected, so strange, he shakes his head like a dog out of water. “Sherlock?”
It takes Sherlock a long moment to speak again. “For waiting,” he says. “For… listening. And for seeing that I... feel. That I have. Feelings.”
“I- I don’t know, to be honest. But things between Mary and I are… bad.” John says. “It’s been hard. And sometimes I worry if one day all of these secrets will come back to haunt her. Us. I need to know my options.”
He had no idea that James was married, let alone to a man. He didn’t know James Sholto books rooms to spend nights in with men he probably met that same evening. His brain short circuits when he considers what the purpose of inviting him to dinner was.
John exhales loudly. He’s upset. He picks Rosie up and goes to change her nappy, catching a whisper of “Goodbye, Nosy Rosie,” when he moves towards the stairs.
“Hm.” John hums. “Only one glass for you, though. Unless you’re done with the ibuprofen for the day.”
John can’t help himself. “Is that an appropriate thing for David to do, in your opinion? Asking him to shut me out?”
As the tiny, delicate fingers caress his nose, he realises how unworthy he is of watching her grow, how out of place he feels in her world—intractable genius vs fragile innocence.
“The first thing they teach you when you become an officer is that the buck stops with you,” John says. “No Captain worth their money would ever behave like that.”
They laugh and talk as they ascend. He knows Sherlock can hear them coming. He hopes knowing Rosie is here with him will improve the man's mood and pull him out of whatever strop he's in. It usually does.
“As a flatmate, when we met,” John’s lips twist in a reluctant smile. “You used to ignore me for days on end.”
“God, it’s nice to be out of the house, isn’t it?” John asks. “You did well today. You’re getting better.”
“Hi, dear. You’re lovely. Those pretty eyes.” Priya says, then straightens up when Maya starts to fuss.
He looks between Sherlock and Mycroft, suspicious. These two are clearly playing with fire, and John had seen the business end of the results of their little games far too many times. He shouldn’t enable this. He shouldn’t let Mycroft run Sherlock like this.
“I’d like to hear from both of you about the periods in time when Sherlock went back to using since meeting each other.”
They both laugh so hard it takes them a while to come down. And it’s amazing, it feels amazing, to be able to talk and laugh with Sherlock about these things.
But Sherlock isn’t buying any of it. Never in his life would he consider using it as evidence against the man. It’s a fabricated story, so outrageous it almost seems to be designed so that no one will be able to prove it. Because there are no traces, are there? Somebody’s made sure of that.
Sherlock sighs. Protocol? Everything he and Mycroft have been doing since Frankfurt defied every possible protocol. “I didn’t go off the grid. My phone’s battery died.”
He adjusts his earpiece as he looks at the rearview mirror, repeating the plan in his mind. David is running a few minutes late, and just as John is about to speak to the earpiece in order to share this observation with Sherlock, he sees David strutting down the road.
Mycroft sighs when they get the same result, and Sherlock presses the button again. “Ask him if he’s ever been unfaithful to his wife.”
Sherlock looks at him, then looks at the rearview mirror. John sees his eyes fixating on the bags he’d packed and dumped on the back seat last night, hoping to…
One has to wonder why she is so cheerful given that she’d just watched her intended sucker-punch a man twice in two hours, instead of asking her to marry him. Is this how normal people usually react?
Later, she cleared her throat as she was watching the kettle, waiting for the water to boil. “I didn’t mean that, John. I love Rosie, you know that.”
“That’s the thing,” John says. “I can’t tomorrow. Rosie duty, and it’ll be hard to get out of. Mary is in training for a new job.”
It’s an interesting case, in and of itself, though Sherlock doesn’t usually bother with cold cases going back decades. There are so many of them, and he finds it much more fulfilling to solve more current ones. There are still family members to provide closure for, perpetrators to look straight in the eyes.
One has to be an incredibly good liar in order to disappear right in front of the world’s only consulting detective. Now, having read David’s army files, ones he wasn’t privy to before, some details finally fall into place.
“I’m sorry.” John tries again, but it’s too late. The damage is done. “Sherlock. Where are you going?”
, for one, to a lovely girl who doesn’t deserve any of this… if he is what you say he is, Sherlock, he’s dangerous. This is a man who confessed to killing his boyfriend, and we both saw the look in his eyes when he had you pinned to the wall in that cabin.”
“I can’t… How am I supposed to sleep at night, knowing you’ve been carrying this inside you all this time?” John asks, the anger still not leaving his system. “I wish you’d have told me...”
Sherlock’s Adam’s Apple bobs as he swallows, nodding his head in response. He stares back at the man who now stands at eye level.
“I should have known... I should've never trusted you.” He takes a big breath and raises his eyes to look at Alexander again. “I don’t want to ever see you again.”
He moves the bow away from the strings of his violin, though he hadn’t actually played it all day. The movement sends a jolt of phantom pain through his sternum, one he unconsciously wishes away with a grimace. Raising and lowering his hand is his own brand of physical therapy—a rebellious sort of physical therapy, just to remind everyone that once, a storm of man lived in these parts. A man who jumped from one roof to the other on the streets of London, who aimed a gun at consulting criminals, who was chained to the ceiling in Serbia.
"I'm off to Barts for the evening." Sherlock turns away, looking anywhere but at John. Placing his hands in his coat, he heads for the door.
“I initially deduced death due to unnatural causes but wasn’t sure. There had been mixed signals. I figured it was more complicated than that.”
Sherlock speaks suddenly, distracting John from his thoughts. "She said she'll talk you around, and she did."
He bumps into Sherlock's back suddenly, lost in thought. He looks up and realizes they reached their meeting point. He blinks to shake his thoughts away and notices James standing at a distance.
“That’s the general idea, yeah,” David says. “Spencer says she’s done remarkable work for veterans. That there’s a lot to learn from her if I’m actually going to do this.”
“We were the only people in that house for weeks, John,” Sherlock frowns. “Was I supposed to ignore him?”
“No, I know you didn’t,” John says. “But it doesn’t change the fact that you did it. And that you deserve to be thanked and…”
John tries to swallow again, heart pounding, and it’s then that he realizes that he can’t because his mouth is hanging open. He stands there, boxes in hands, looking back and forth between the stairs and the door as though even these inanimate objects would agree that this is… weird.
There are a million questions he’d like to ask David. All of them equally important, begging to be asked. Alas, each of them relies on the extensive—and highly illegal—surveillance operation he’s been conducting on the man. He worries that under the influence of this terrible wine, rendering him roughly twenty percent less sharp than usual, he might end up jeopardizing his well-crafted cover.
“As well as the recordings of the interviews conducted with his ex-husband and lawyer. Get me their divorce papers while you’re at it.”
“He’s bluffing, John,” Sherlock says. “Every word coming out of his mouth, always, is a calculated lie. I’d have thought you’ve figured that out by now.”
“I’m sorry.” John says, surprised by the sad turn the conversation just took; he reads between the lines and realizes Priya’s father had passed at some point, too.
If Sherlock’s been plagued by a low-key humming of his guts at the fact that the nun’s supposed necklace was found with the two men’s photographs, he no longer is. When taken into account it was found buried amongst a thieving hoarder’s treasure, it becomes nothing short of circumstantial.
“Shortly after her husband committed suicide.” Mycroft says. “She was naturally preoccupied. The tip was examined by Mrs. Norbury and passed on to Lady Smallwood later, but seeing as there was no real actionable information in it, it was left untouched until both the Mossad and DGSE reached out to us. They began hearing a similar rumour themselves and notified us.”
“I’ll do all of it, anything you ask. The support group, the couples therapy, the reporters,” David says, squeezing her elbow gently. “If you’ll have me, that is. Give me another chance. I want to try… with you.”
“This is me,” John says pointing at his car, unlocking it. They’ve been in the pub for nearly two hours, and David is beyond any productive conversation at this point. “Do you need a ride?”
The overwhelming collection of evidence: interviews, videos, autopsy reports, photographs—are proof of the atrocities caused to every side involved in that war-torn region. It leaves him wondering how humanity had ever got as far as it did; how creatures benevolent enough to write poetry, plant a flower, are the same creatures who use drones to demolish entire villages or slash the throats of one of their own kind while broadcasting it all over the ether.
Tomorrow could be good. If John would leave him alone for the rest of the night, he’s sure he can come up with something adequate enough by morning. John got his bit of excitement and his mood seems good. Better than Sherlock’s seen him in a while, really.
Sherlock's chest still heaves as he watches John make a U-turn, his features twisted with pain. A few minutes later, he emerges from his room, dressed hastily, with the energy of a deadly hurricane determined to destroy everything in its path.
If I disappointed anyone, I'm truly sorry. The Johnlock Endgame tag relates to the SERIES as a whole, and not this particular part of it. I hope you won't give up on this world I created and stick with it.
“Oh, we’re done,” David says, rushing in the direction of his car. “If you want to arrest me, get a warrant and come to my house.”
John clears his throat nervously. “John, please. No, oh god. Not grievances, just… confused. I feel like our friendship has taken a beating and I don’t want that to happen.”
The realization, when it hits, blinds Sherlock like a stroke of lightning; bits of information connect like molecules, suddenly making sense.
“I’ve been having difficulties, as I said… I’ve been taking some medication but I haven’t been feeling like myself recently. For months, actually. I’ve always been a paranoid man. Well, at least since..” He says and loses his train of thought, then picks up on it.
“Was boring.” She smiles nervously, and the humour finally breaks the ice. David chuckles and looks around, taking a breath before speaking again.
FOB means forward operating base is a secured forward operational level military position, commonly a military base, that is used to support strategic goals and tactical objectives.
“Sholto’s been released from observation. They’re taking him in for questioning as we speak.” He says and rushes towards his room to get dressed.
“Doesn’t ring a bell. I don’t remember ever daring Sherlock to do anything. He’s trouble enough as it is.”
“Do you know what was going through my head while Gabriel was pointing that gun at you? Do you? Hmm?”
“What sort of advice?” Sherlock asks. “I’m sure a man like yourself can afford the best health care this country has to offer.”
“No.” John says, his voice commanding. “Shut up. I decided something today. You’re not making the calls around here anymore. You have no idea what you’re doing, do you?”
that is, but he stops himself. Pick your battles, they say. This is one battle he really shouldn’t be picking right now.
“No!” James exclaims. “I don’t… You have to understand, I despise London. I feel exposed here. I suppose I’m rather used to my seclusion by now. The plan was to have dinner with John then go back home that evening.”
“John,” Sherlock says ominously, teeth catching on his top lip. He moves a cup of tea in the general direction of where he’d like John to sit, like a peace offering. “Sit down.”
“Incredible,” is all the client manages, his mouth shaped like an O. He looks at Sherlock like he’s the most wonderful thing he’s ever seen.
“John.” Sherlock turns in his chair and squints, taking his headphones down. His eyes are red and tired; of course they would be, if he spends his days watching the video feed and reading on his phone in this poor lighting.
“I saw satellite images of that first compound, though.” Mycroft cuts Jenkins off. “It was demolished by US forces a few years ago. It’s quite small. Three, perhaps four separate rooms. And yet you say you never saw Palmer.”
“I see your point, although I do want you to keep that earlier statement in mind. I want you to remember that John’s life is not your sole responsibility. He’s an ex-soldier, he’s been working with you for years, and he's not worse for wear for it. You’re the one who seems to be taking the brunt of the beatings, to be honest.”
“Yeah, ‘m up,” he says, mountains of papers scattering everywhere around him. He’d barely finished reading two pages so far.
John’s blood boils at the memories. He’s happy David had brought that up. It’s time they talk about this properly.
John can’t hear what they’re saying; the sounds are jumbled through the headphones, but he can read David’s body language. The man flops heavily on a chair as soon as they enter and his wife drops the bags. She approaches him hurriedly, rubbing his back.
Sherlock picks up his pace, walking away. John shakes his head, disappointed when Sherlock doesn’t answer.
He looks at Sherlock pointedly, trying to catch his eyes. "A perfect exit plan for a bored ex-assassin, no? The timing. It’s weird, isn’t it? The busts on a case you were working on, put there to attract your attention to get the whole parade going. Brave Mary Watson, going away and dying like a martyr to protect her family while in reality, she's back to her old life. Poor naive little John Watson will never figure it out, will have her on a pedestal for the rest of his life."
“Sometimes... And saying this. It’s hard for me, Sherlock.” John confesses. “Sometimes I want to grab you and shake you until you tell me, honestly for once, why I’m not good enough. Why I was
He supposes one can call being abandoned by your mother a significant life event, he remembers thinking bitterly.
“You were his guard during his time in Gaza,” Sherlock repeats David’s words. “You were never in Afghanistan. You were recruited by Abu Nazir once he and his people escaped Afghanistan.”
Sherlock’s phone is set to silent but it vibrates furiously on the table next to them as John decides to save the best for last and stuffs his hand up Sherlock’s thin t-shirt. Sherlock is soft and musky and pliable by the time his phone rings a third and fourth time.
Sherlock hangs up without a word. Aside from his tendency to disappear into the attic, David’s been doing nothing suspicious. No phone calls, no unexplained outings.
The car is black and nondescript. A tall man parks behind a corner, hidden from Alexander’s eyes. John’s body tenses when he sees a second person in the passenger seat.
“I bet that’s who she called.” Sherlock gestures at the screen. “They’ve been together a year now. They were discussing moving in together.”
“Yeah, you know,” John says and smiles back. “You’re posh and all that. Dashing is what I’m going with. Is that your real hair colour?”
The whole thing makes John cringe, to be perfectly honest. Sherlock, however - his eyes lit up the moment he heard the tale of misplaced body parts (“Who’s your supplier?” Sherlock asked Mr. Lyons. John had to divert the client’s attention with a loud cough and a thoroughly polite “Tea?”).
“I’m going to have to disclose something like this. There's no chance they won't be withdrawing the offer.” John says. “And I have to tell Mary, and Harry—”
“Do you want me to stop?” David purrs in his ear, sliding his hand to cup him, massaging him through the fabric of his trousers.
It’s only then that John looks at David again, and this time the man looks white as a sheet. He looks at Aldridge in utter disbelief.
They jump at the sound of a ringing phone; it takes John a second to realize it’s his. Reluctantly, he removes it from his pocket, checking the caller ID. “It’s Mycroft,” he sighs, not for the first time scandalized by the elder Holmes’ horrendous timing.
“You don’t know that for sure, do you?” John says, his voice cracking with anger. “You don’t actually have any proof. You, bloody Sherlock Holmes! Doesn’t that mean anything? Sherlock, if you let them use him this way—the mind games, the manipulation—you’re no better than Abu Nazir yourself.”
“I think Aldridge knows more than he lets on,” John says. “You should have seen David’s face when he walked in. He looked like he was looking at a ghost.”
“I’ll need equipment,” Sherlock grumbles, “surveillance equipment. And anyone you trust enough for me to run off the book.”
“Oh.” Sherlock shakes his head. “No, not a client. An appointment I had scheduled for another day. She asked if we could move to today on a short notice. It was unexpected. Have you been waiting long?”
But James’ presence created some tension. John’s confessions rattled them both. Losing his father is obviously taking a toll on Sherlock.
John spends the morning alone with Rosie in the sitting room, playing and reading to her. He sneaks a glance out the big windows every once in a while, hoping to catch Sherlock’s silhouette as he approaches the house. He never sees or hears Mrs. Holmes or Mycroft the entire time.
“It’s not uncommon for people on the neurodiversity spectrum to develop a strong attachment to a person who understands them, who cushions their interactions with the world. I think you’ve been doing that for Sherlock. You mean a lot to him in that sense.”
John’s jaw falls open when he realizes that Lestrade’s offering that they join him in this case. It hadn’t even crossed John’s mind.
“A judge extended Sholto’s arrest to the maximum 96 hours.” Lestarde says. “That was before all the new evidence came in, but with the way things are developing I don’t think it’s a bad idea to keep him here.”
“One would have to be an idiot to pick Khoury’s name,” Sherlock scoffs. “Abu Nazir’s right hand, considered to be dead, turns up alive away from Abu Nazir? That’s like placing a huge bounty over your own head. No.” He shakes his head. “Maybe his family lied in hopes of buying themselves enough time to escape to Egypt.”
?” Sherlock snarls. “Because she would have killed us both, John. You saw her at Leinster Gardens. She was ruthless.”
He opens his eyes, a strange sensation needling through him. Someone’s watching him. He looks up to the window and his breath catches when he locks eyes with John. John shakes his head, his lips a thin angry line.
Bad breath notwithstanding, if she had used these tricks on him at any other time in his life, they’d be in her bed by now.
“I’m not sure,” he admits. “But the truth about what really happened doesn’t matter as much as the story he's telling.”
The realization dawns on Sherlock as well, and he feels an unexpected twitch of sympathy. For Stewart, there is nothing he might actually need at home. He had not been home for nine years.
Sherlock feels his stare, and he turns around, looking at him with red eyes and a small, barely noticeable smile.
“It’s not your fault, Sherlock. You take the blame so easily. We have enough going on as it is, no need to borrow trouble. Tell me you understand that.”
“God, I don’t even know where to begin,” Rachel sniffs, a tissue in one hand, David’s right hand in her other. “I guess I just… you know—” She shakes her head sorrowfully. “They came over a couple of weeks ago and said… said that you told them Jonathan is dead.”
Hiya! Thank you for your patience - I've been having a crappy month following a painful breakup, and it took me awhile to find my writing groove again.
“He’s got a caseworker, a professional who can help him.” Sherlock tries again. “My job was to keep him safe in Gaza. I’m not a therapist.”
, shut up! Stop this right now!” John says. “I don’t know what you think you’re playing at here, but it’s not going to work.”
“But Will berated me over it. Wouldn’t hear of it. He said, ‘There’s finally someone who sees the boy for who he really is, does it really matter if it’s a man or a woman?'. It took me a while but I came to terms with it, I suppose. After everything we’ve been through. Eurus, the drugs. He almost died so many times. Is it really that important? I could see what Will was saying. As long as Sherlock was alive and safe I think I would have learned how to... But then Mary...”
“Shit. Oh shit.” John continues and Sherlock can hear the beginning of John’s guilt spiral, feeling the atmosphere in their blanketed cocoon changing drastically. “I’m sorry.” he continues, choking up. “I thought… I shouldn’t have done that.”
There are smiles, and books and openness. Mrs. Parashar lost a son and a husband yet she welcomed Sherlock unannounced in open arms on Christmas Eve.
“Don’t lie to me, Peter!” David grabs Sherlock by the lapelles, shoving him against the wall. A log falls out of Sherlock's hand, rolling in John’s direction.
Sherlock nods back, moving to get up—but the world is spinning around him. He’s far too dizzy to do anything that resembles standing.
Why risk his reputation, his name, make deals with devils if he will be the one burned at the stake in the end? He did that once before, and for what? The feeble title of ‘best friend’, forgotten and thrown out the window the minute he comes bearing bad news?
“You stuck a screwdriver into his thigh and urinated on the wound,” Sherlock says. “So you’re a religious, adulterous torturer. Scum of the Earth. Can’t be entirely sure anyone will miss you. Besides your family, of course. Do you think your wife and children are still alive?”
“So…” He tries again. “Every time you demanded you’re not gay it was only somewhat true. Or do you still think of it as… stress relief? A solution for difficult times?”
The room falls silent with the heavy weight of Sherlock’s admission. John grinds his teeth in defeat.
“I’m sorry, Liz. Mrs. Williams was my last patient for the day,” John says as he packs his laptop, “you know it’s my turn with the baby.”
He gets up and heads for the kitchen, his tea-making ritual automatic. He looks at Edward’s house through the window. He wonders if Edward ever looks at John's house through his kitchen window, ruminating about his own life.
“I see congratulations are finally in order.” Mycroft says nonchalantly as he sips his tea. “Didn’t think you had it in you.”
“It really wasn’t as terrible as you seem to make it.” Sherlock looks away. “A brush of bad luck, running into a wrong crowd in Serbia.”
He doesn’t believe Sherlock when he tells him it’s safer this way, or that it was her only option. Mary is the woman who outsmarted Sherlock Holmes, caught him by surprise and nearly took his life. If she wanted, if she
? I’m hardly the one under that foul man’s thumb,” Sherlock says accusingly. “Unlike you and your... ‘colleagues’.”
“I failed him as his mother.” She says and John looks away with pain. He’s not one to judge her, but from everything he’d seen so far she’s not so far from the truth. “But not because I didn’t love him. I did. I still do. It was just too much…”
Some things were his own doing, that's true. That's life. No one is perfect and being family means it's your job to help them survive, carry the heavy load - not blame them for their own faults.
He’s being presumptuous, packing those bags. And it might not make sense to even consider it right now, while Sherlock is still undercover. But he’d like to have the option.
“That wasn’t a no,” David sing-songs as he pours the red liquid into Sherlock’s cup. The detective scoffs in return.
Another long pause as David stares ahead, eyes fixed on the road. “I’m taking a break. From home. From Alison. I’d really like a drink or two.”
“Shut your bloody mouth,” John says, cupping Sherlock’s shoulder blade with his right hand, reaching for Sherlock’s hand with the other. “And dance.”
“What’s all this?” Sherlock asks, eyeing the spread. The diversion almost leads him away from the important things, but only just: John is hiding something.
“It just doesn’t work that way in relationships, Sherlock. You can’t force someone to be where they don’t want to be.”
“Was hit crossing the street by a driver with a history of heart attacks and a revoked license. He had his final heart attack at the wheel, killing them both on the spot.”
“I would if I could,” Sherlock says. “I’ll only reiterate my advice to avoid the rehearsal of your speech next week.”
“It’s just a dress, David. I’d rather save up for the important things,” she says, giving his shoulder a gentle squeeze. “Like therapy, or finding you a proper gym.”
“Relax, Dr. Watson. My brother is alive and well. Sherlock couldn’t reach you earlier so he called me. He asked that I tell you that his phone has faulted and it’ll take him around 72 hours to procure a new one. He’ll try to be available via email a few times a day. He’ll soon be leaving Peru.”
Long snow storms in Milan are uncommon, and this storm’s severity was unexpected. He planned to leave the city under less than 48 hours heading to Innsbruck tonight, renting a car and arriving by morning.
“Oh please, Sherlock. I know you pretty well by now. Well enough to know you’re doing it under some misguided notion that I’m emotionally invested in this. Well, I’m not.”
“Shut up.” John murmurs. He thrusts Sherlock against the kitchen counter and aligns his own body against Sherlock’s. “Just.. shut up.”
“His oldest son was taken out of his bedroom one night. Weeks later his family began receiving his body parts in small plastic bags. Not to mention what happened to his parents, to his wives, to his poor brothers and sisters.” Sherlock leans forward and spreads additional photos all over the table. The contents are so gruesome Khoury looks away in disgust.
John stares into space as he spoons Sherlock in their bed, holding onto him far too tightly. He holds back his sobs as he takes Sherlock’s scent in.
She doesn’t look back at Sherlock. She doesn’t have to. The message he never intended to send by standing there is clear enough.
finds a way, thinking ten steps ahead of everyone—couldn’t find a way for them. “So you left,” John murmurs, his lungs devoid of oxygen.
The surgery’s break room is empty at this hour, the only sounds that break through John’s brain are the tap water dripping slowly and the nearly muted news anchor from a 24-hour news network. He stares at his less-than-appetizing salad, fork in hand.
He looks at Rosie in Sherlock’s lap. Not six months ago she still had trouble sleeping. If that happened when they were in Baker Street, Rosie would get so sick of her father’s attempts to get her to sleep she would beg and cry to be handed over to Sherlock. His voice soothing, his presence calm, she would only relax in his arms sometimes.
They rock into each once, attempting to get even closer. John’s fingers tighten painfully around Sherlock’s body as he inhales the scents emanating from the spot where Sherlock’s neck meets his shoulders.
A cabinet door slammed shut in a fit of John's anger. Sherlock exhaled, annoyed at being bothered with such nonsense. He got up and walked towards the kitchen cabinets. When he got there, Sherlock towered over John, a reminder of his physical superiority. He pulled the sugar bowl out from one of the top cabinets.
“This might not be such a bad thing after all, Sherlock,” Mycroft says. “The MI6 debriefing will be shorter than the ones you’ve had here. You can go back to London and strategize.”
It was nice to be invited to spend their Christmas here despite William's death. He’s lucky Rosie is still young enough to not understand what’s going on, but he vows to make a significant effort to give her truly happy Christmases starting next year. Yes, it’s a silly holiday - he was never one for holidays in general - and a lot of the cheer is fake and manufactured. But it’s nice to stop and celebrate something, whatever that may be, once a year. They’ve been robbed of so many reasons to be cheerful he swears to do better by her going forward.
Sherlock squirms beneath him at that, grabbing John’s hair as a signal to stop for a minute when he takes the call.
“She said as much.” Sherlock explains and oh, how John wishes he could have been a fly on the wall for that conversation.
“How long do you think you’ll be able to pull this off?” Mycroft asks. “Live in that bolthole, like a ghost?”
“I only ever wanted the best for you. You saved me from myself so many…” He takes a big breath, his whole body shaking with anger. “I only wish you’d let me return the favour, for once. I’ll do… I’ll be whatever you need me to be, always. Always, Sherlock. Just… don’t leave me behind again. Please.”
John looks at Lestrade with thankful eyes. He’s happy for the distraction, for the excuse to pull Sherlock away from this madness so he can try and speak to him.
“Unnecessary,” he lies, stuffing his hands into his pockets to protect them from the biting cold as he marches down the small street.
“Or a freedom fighter. We came to their home, they’re coming into ours,” David says. “Terrorists, freedom fighters. Depends on whom you’re asking, innit.”
The rental car is awaiting her at the agreed location, which she unlocks with the fob that she picked up in storage unit #213A at St. Pancras right before they left for Calais. Inside the car, she rushes to change clothes before scanning it and finding everything in its place, just as she'd been promised: the meeting point programmed into the navigation system; a balaclava, gloves, a pistol, and two British passports neatly stuffed into the glove compartment.
“I suppose this is a conspiracy to teach me about the solar system,” Sherlock grumbles quietly in Rosie’s ear.
When John still doesn’t move to start the engine, Sherlock squirms in his chair. “We really ought to…”
I know, I know. What kind of terrible person ends a story LIKE THAT? I apologize. My hope is that the fluffier parts of this story will leave you hopeful about this dou's future.
“Was it…” John sniffs nervously, thinking back to the scars he’d found on the man’s back that day at the hospital. “Are you OK?”
“Care for an old man’s unsolicited advice, Dr. Watson?” Saul asks when the silence becomes uncomfortable again.
“You’re my best friend Sherlock, you’re the most important thing in the world to me. I hope you know that by now. You and Rosie, that’s all I have.”
“Dr. Watson!” Liz barges in the room without knocking, disturbing them. “It’s Mr Wheeler. He just collapsed at the reception desk!”
He eats as he watches Sherlock scanning images on the screen, though there’s no movement anywhere in the house.
So he was in no rush last night, but he grumbled with frustration when he realized he was doomed to spend the night in a car with no air conditioning to speak of. In this suffocating Mediterranean August heat, passing a night inside the warm, old vehicle was an unappealing concept.
“David?” Alison’s urging him, pulling her forearm away with a struggle. “David?” She pats his back gently as he gains consciousness, finally aware of his surroundings.
“I don't know. You just got in my car,” he says with a boyish glint in his eyes. His smile is genuine, but Sherlock can see the nervousness in it. When Sherlock doesn’t reciprocate, David recalculates, walking back on his joke. “You called me. Said you had something to tell me.”
“We’ll have a full report on the Corporal ready by the end of the day, ma’am,” Sophie says, sending Tahir away with a nod.
Silent seconds pass as John studies Sherlock with an indecipherable look. Then, running a hand through his hair he stands up, climbs the stairs to his room, and hands Sherlock the mystery manila envelope as soon as he returns to the kitchen.
Mycroft turns sharply to look at his brother, while the operator looks uncomfortably at them through the glass.
“Every guard that searched him, both the afternoon and night shifts,” Mycroft continues, “as well as the driver who drove him up here. You too, Sherlock.”
Surprised, Sherlock looks at the man behind him. There's no anger on John's face, only melancholy and regret, with a hint of relief.
“For optics, Dr. Watson, and because I’m a soldier too,” Saul says pointedly. “When my Commander-in-Chief orders me to kill a man who has the blood of more than three-thousand of my countrymen on his hands, I do as I’m told.”
“I won’t do anything, I promise.” He says coldly. “But you’re wrong if you think I’ll be going back to that flat without any means to protect myself.”
“You’re exhausted and you have to work tomorrow,” he says as he sits in front of the screens. “Go home.”
“Hey,” John says, putting a gentle hand on Sherlock’s shoulder in order to grab his attention. It works. He jumps at the touch and John is suddenly so close, so very close, giving him a well-practiced doctor’s once-over. “Are you alright?”
John showers, makes himself a sandwich, and vanishes to his room for hours. Around 10 pm John leaves, grabbing his coat from the coat rack without a word.
Alexander wasn’t aware of any associates Gabriel may have, Lestrade told them earlier. He had no inkling about the progress of the investigation and told Lestrade that the associate Gabriel is sending is probably another psychotherapist.
“That’s not what I mean. Is there someone? Are you going with someone? Or... meeting someone there?” John's voice is hard as steel. He’s angry and humiliated and tired. “Tell me the truth, please.”
“John.” Mary’s sharp voice travels through the sitting room, waking him. He opens his eyes and looks around, the room gathering shape slowly. It’s early morning—the sky is still grey, he orients himself quickly. The telly is on, muted.
“Priya gave her three.” Sherlock mumbles, the guilt evident in his voice. John gasps, calculating the implication on her nap.
” John asks his newspaper later that evening, never bothering to turn around to watch Sherlock in his chair in the kitchen.
It’s been a week and a half since Sherlock left. Their communications are brief and concise. Mostly texts, mostly from John.
He looks up. If the Cathedral were open right now, Sherlock might have risked betraying all common sense and walked inside to hear more about that Holy Nail. It’s not the Vatican, he supposes. Not what John was hoping for. But he can just imagine the two of them listening to the story of the Holy Nail standing inside this intimidating building, giggling like kids.
Surprised, he takes the call. Sherlock’s camera is in selfie mode and his face is blurry with motion.
John moves, carefully closing William’s slightly open eyes. He sends gentle fingers towards William’s, echoing their touch earlier that day.
, as David says. We’ve been talking more recently about parts of my past I deleted, and what it means about the core of who I am, my personality.”
“How can anyone possibly hurt me at an airbase?” David demands. “It’s one of the safest places in the country.”
“He hasn’t gone home,” Sherlock says as he hangs up. “He’s mumbling to himself on a bench near Millennium Bridge.”
“Oi, that’s enough,” says one of the men as David sends both hands to Aldridge’s throat. He seems downright determined to suffocate him. “That’s enough, Stewart!”
"I'm sorry," he murmurs privately against small fingers. It's a blanket apology, encompassing both past and future—for the harm he’d caused her in the past, and for the future heartache he's sure to inflict. For leaving them. For coming back. For all the pain and agony he has already caused her father—and for anything he will do in the future.
is politicized, Sherlock.” Mycroft’s voice is scathing, “What do you think gave me leverage enough to convince my colleagues to send my cold-blooded murderer of a brother on this rescue mission?”
John has been up in his room for six straight hours. Sherlock spent two of them in his chair in the sitting room, waiting for a resigned John to descend the stairs and ask if they can ‘just talk about this.’
“Dr. Watson,” Mycroft says, his voice tight, “Sherlock has just taken part in a very complicated operation. Every minute of his time will be accounted for over the next fortnight. He won’t be landing and coming back for tea with Mrs. H, I’m afraid. There will be debriefings, press events, medical and psychological evaluations. He’ll be required to account for every movement, every contact and detail he has accrued during his months away. His job isn’t over yet.”
Liz knocks on John’s office door the following Monday. He’d drowned himself in work all weekend, avoiding Mary’s all-seeing eyes. “I was asked to hand deliver this,” she says, holding out a medium-sized, puffy envelope.
“It’s… it's not as bad as…” David starts, presumably hoping to diminish the ugliness of the meaning of these scars, the heartbreaking truth they reveal. “
“I don’t know. I don’t!” he insists when Sherlock snorts. “Jonathan was… he was a wheeler and dealer. He must have said something to someone, one of the lads; it wasn’t the first time he’d done it. I was already on duty. He ended up joining me.”
“Obvious. His clothes are expensive, far more expensive than a casual walk-in would wear in an establishment like The Bianca. He’s well-groomed, his body fully waxed. Probably preferred by the majority of his clients. His tattoo, his ring both bear the same logo, a sign of belonging to some professional circle. His wallet is brimming with various sized condoms and packets of lube. That means he’s ready for unplanned encounters, to be picked up in a bar or a restaurant. Probably had several other clients that day based on the amount of cash he was carrying. There are business cards, they’re nearly empty of text. It’s only a landline number, but no one his age uses landlines these days. I bet it’s an escort service’s landline.”
Sherlock frowns and turns to look at John, really look at him. There are tears in his sleep-deprived eyes again and he passes his hand through his hair in a restless, anxious gesture.
“And as for me…” David says. “There’ve been others. I’m not a saint. Maybe we weren’t in the good place we thought we were before I left.”
“Oh. He said his name was Benjamin. I didn’t know he was a... He just sat down next to me. We started talking and…”
She turns around in her chair, looking at him over her shoulder with a hint of surprise. “Alright,” she says coolly, her voice tense.
John lifts his chin, his lips pursed stubbornly, holding back a deluge of stifled words; words he’s been expertly pushing down for years. He looks up at her wordlessly and he wonders — not for the first time — if she knows.
"If you're referring to the chain of events that lead up to that unfortunate business at Appledore, I'm well aware of that."
"Can you watch her for me for a second?” John asks, tearing Sherlock away from his fascinating new evidence wall. “I've got a cab waiting.”
“You’d better not be sleeping, you bastard!” Lestrade says, ripping the door to the sitting room open; he stops in his place so abruptly John is left with no choice but to bump straight into the man’s back. “What the-”
He feels John’s entire body freezing. John moves away and raises Sherlock’s head, searching for his eyes.
“No,” Sherlock insists. “My current situation is difficult enough, I can’t have you rocking the boat with Mary, too. I can’t take that risk.”
“I don’t like any of this. This is bad,” he starts and points at Sherlock. “You going off the grid like that, and you,” he points at Mycroft, “you, running him unofficially. I’ve seen this before. You cocked something up, or you’re about to.”
“Thanks, love.” She takes the envelope with a frown, flipping it over. Scribbled in fine, feminine handwriting are the words
“Dr. Watson, Sherlock’s been telling me that you have some grievances about various aspects of his therapy.”
“Yes,” she nods. “I thought it was weird, too. Maybe it popped up in some storage unit. Or maybe things were found once they left Afghanistan. Never mind that. Open it.”
“Mrs. Poole took your advice and posted a photo of the necklace on Facebook,” Sherlock says. “She was contacted by someone who claims the necklace might have belonged to the nun.” He waits for John to catch up, holding his breath, but John doesn’t seem to pick up on his train of thought. “This left her wondering what the necklace was doing in her uncle's possession,” Sherlock continues, “along with your father's photograph.”
"Your life?!" John cried. "What about my life? I'm just as involved in this as you are. I get a say in this!" He moved closer to Sherlock, pointing a finger at him. "'Your life', ha! The life you've been so carelessly throwing away this past year, over and over again. Like it means nothing! It's like you want nothing more than to die, and I can't take it anymore, Sherlock, I can't!"
A faint sound of her telephone conversation is heard as she walks away. For the first time in a month, Alexander's voice can be heard in these rooms. The lawyer updates Alexander on this recent development. Grabbing his own phone, James opens a new text message and scrolls down to find the contact details.
“Your ex-husband. You said he locked himself somewhere?” The man asks and Alexander nods. “I’m here to help. He won’t bother you anymore.”
“Fatherhood suits you, John.” Sherlock heaves a sigh as he leans back in his chair. “You seem happy.”
“And Sherlock... please, please, I need you to hear me out here. Even if you think and think and decide that this is not what you want, I’m still waiting for you to come back to me. I’ll learn to live with that. But we need you. We need you with us. You told me I’m your family. I need you to show me you meant it.”
“I did not,” Sherlock’s voice is quiet and reserved. “I was asked to be here, but I can’t say I condone what Mycroft is about to propose. He insists on it, though.”
“He…” Sherlock blinks at the wall in surprise; he considers lying for a moment, but knows there’s no point. “He offered me a job.”
“Because she was dangerous, John!” Sherlock lashes out. “She was gun ready to go, she was scared and cornered. She shot me because she was afraid of losing you. I had to make it seem as if I was pushing you back to her, so she doesn’t do it again.”
Sherlock hums. He steps back into John’s personal space, coming closer and closer. “Mostly for you. A… parting gift, of sorts.”
“Ignore that. Did you hear me? You don’t leave again because if you do, don’t bother coming back,” John says. “Because there won't be anything for you to come back to this time.”
Sherlock doesn't respond. Instead, he removes both hands from his pockets and clenches them tightly behind his back.
“No, thank you. I’m alright,” John says, bracing himself for whatever it is he knows is coming. Things are never good when he’s called into Mycroft’s office; they’re not here for tea and scones.
A week later finds them sitting in a dingy break room at the Yard. They’ve been poring over inane case details for hours, getting nowhere. Sherlock’s phone pings and he hums. John looks up with interest.
With the wail of a wounded animal, he rose and grabbed the dying man by his dirty vest, pulling him up towards him. Familiar hazel eyes looked at him, unseeing. He choked down a cry and laid the final blow with a bone-shattering punch.
“Let me, I’ll do that,” John says and takes the headphones away from Sherlock. “Go back to your wall.”
“Tell him I’ll meet him in London tomorrow,” he says resolutely, showing her the door. “I won't take no for an answer.”
“He woke early one Sunday, dressed up and left their house. She found him sitting confused in the middle of a forest clearing, ten minutes away. When she asked what he was doing he told her he was on his way to work. He retired 25 years ago.”
“Come with me,” David continues. “Listen to what she has to say. Worst case scenario, we’ll say no.”
“I mean, there might have been a mystery but I think I solved it myself, I suppose.” She smiles, clearing her throat when she catches the disappointment on Sherlock’s face. “My uncle died.”
“Thank you.” The minister leads the way to her office confidently, her heels clicking loudly as she struts down the hall. “Did the PM call?”
“She wasn’t abandoned,” Sherlock whispers. He looks straight into Mrs. Hudson's eyes in the hopes of sounding convincing. “Mary’s coming back.”
“John, there are numerous dynamics in relationships. Some are easy to change and some are not. For many years you’ve let him lead the way, for better or worse. Sherlock makes the decisions. You either go along with them or get upset or both. I think it’s the soldier in you. I’d even venture a guess and say your dynamic with Mary was much the same.” David smiles a knowing smile, which John returns.
The last few days have been good. They’ve been spending a lot of time together, solving cases from 221B, and eating plenty of take outs.
There was nothing salvageable about his marriage at that point. He hopes his friendship with Sherlock is in a better place than that.
“I see.” Sherlock’s voice is calm, collected. “I’m flattered, of course, but speaking engagements are not my forte.”
But as time stretches on, John’s resolve weakens. Sherlock is different - it’s very subtle, and not bad at all. He seems a bit more at ease, a bit more round around his usually sharp edges. There are smiles, responses that are not as grating. Names mentioned that John doesn’t recognize, jokes he’s not in on.
John moves away when he feels Sherlock lacks a response. The other man’s eyes are blissfully closed for a very short moment, indulging and relishing the sensation.
“Sherlock, it sounds like you feel like you’re solely responsible for John’s safety. Is that correct?”
It was that thought that flooded his mind while taking the bus to the surgery day in and day, this exact
John needs a second to swallow the spicy noodles as he processes the question. “About the training?”
He knows there's no point in asking, but he has to. He has to. Sherlock lost his father today, and it's his job as Sherlock's... something, to take care of him. He promised as much to William today, didn't he?
Sherlock closes his eyes, hoping he can regain some control over his body. Of course he was lonely. That’s how he found himself in Gaza to begin with. Truth is, since he came back from his first exile, since watching John starting a new life, loneliness has ruled his life, its weight heavier than ever before.
He frowns with a sigh; he’s being summoned again, and he’s not sure he’s in the mood for it. He’s halfway through an internal tirade, his anger flaring with righteous indignation, when she raises her eyes and points at the back seat.
“Mr. Holmes, I’ll be more than happy to let you review the materials, but I’ll need some reassurances,” Edwin says. “Despite the most recent….
“It’s been nearly a decade since your service ended. Would you say it’s a fair amount of time to create new friendships?”
“It's just,” John tries cautiously. “I—I don't know. My life is falling apart at the seams as it is, meanwhile, here you are—”
“I asked you to babyproof, not lock the entire place up.” She steps over to the sitting room, placing a hand on her hip. “It’s like Pentonville in here.”
Sherlock sighs, daring to roll his eyes. “On the day we left Gaza, an asset reached out and told me that a British soldier had been turned by Abu Nazir.”
David’s car, traveling aimlessly so far, takes the A40 towards Shepherd’s Bush. Ten minutes later, John realizes they are leaving London behind altogether.
“Someone’s been coming over to the clinic recently. I don’t know who he is. He’s… strange. Creepy. Gabriel said he’s an associate, but I don’t know what he means by that.”
He rubs his hands in an instinctive attempt to warm up, blessedly finding a cosy looking blanket on the folding bed. He sits on it, his back to the wall, listening for footsteps.
“You were lovers.” Sherlock says and Alexander’s eyes widen in shock. His face turns red and he blinks nervously for a brief second.
“Yes, well, he’d have to be an idiot not to notice that his wife is—” Sherlock clears his throat and moves to the screens on the table, putting his headphones on. He listens for a minute, hearing Billy trying to start a conversation with David, but the man rudely rebuffs him.
He was on the first train to London the following morning. By the time the cab dropped him off at 221B, his anger had subsided, and he was anxious to tell John everything that transpired the past 24 hours. he couldn't wait to tell him how he solved, it how brilliant he was. That was John's favorite part, anyway.
They watch each other for a moment, their eyes betraying the real emotion underneath the anger. It’s Sherlock who finds his voice first. “If you’d listened to what I had to say instead of being so defensive, you might have known to take the entire thing with a grain of salt. She could be spinning yarn, for all we know.”
“Yes, that’s been making the rounds recently. John here is a doctor, you know,” she says, dragging Rory into the sitting room. “John, dear? Rory isn't feeling well. Any doctorly advice?”
Sherlock scans the date and time on the few blurry, grainy security photographs. It matches the night of John and David’s evening at the pub.
John’s shaking, bursting with anger. “I can’t believe this, I can’t believe this Sherlock.” John’s head is in his hands. “So you lied. Of course you lied, why am I even surprised? You plot behind my back, you change the entire course of my life without a thought to what I want!”
The room is so quiet that John can hear Sherlock swallow, can hear the man's mind whirring like a steam engine.
David had no psychosomatic limps that needed to be fixed, no taste for danger to satisfy. All of Sherlock's tried and tested methods didn't apply there. And so some nights, not many, they’d give in to the other’s fumbling hands. Sherlock was a different man in Gaza. The safehouse existed on another plane, in a different universe. It didn't change the fact that Sherlock was utterly, painfully heartbroken; there, in the darkness, they took what they needed.
David hunches forward on the table, moving fractionally closer to him. Sherlock feels John’s instinctive movement as a result, becoming alert.
“I thought that might happen,” Sherlock sighs. “Didn’t give him enough pattern to work with. Those two video clips were short.”
“Didn’t think you did,” he murmurs as they both watch Alison putting the bags away and arranging the kitchen. She picks her phone up and dials but gets no answer, opting for a text instead.
He closes his eyes in defeat, despite himself, unable to push down the fear slowly enveloping his heart like a cold wind, sneaking up on him like a ghost from the past.
Alison loses her cool for a split second but suddenly stands taller, her face twisting in determination. “I know about Jonathan.”
An iPhone. Identical to the one he owns, the one Alison had bought him. A replacement, exactly as planned.
“Calm down, Sherlock,” Mycroft says, “believe it or not, there are other things happening in the world right now."
“Of course,” she nods knowingly, falling silent for a long, stretching moment. “He’s a nice young man, Rory is,” she says with a side-glance. “Isn’t he?”
John’s heart falls when Sherlock retires to the sitting room instead of the bedroom. Frustrated and defeated, he takes the stairs and crawls into bed.
“Of course.” John says and they walk slowly towards the bench. Sherlock stands up and sends a small, polite smile.
John returns with two disposable cups of tea. Sherlock looks away as he flaps the edge of the blanket towards John - an offer for John to join him, one Sherlock wonders if the other man will refuse.
“But wait a minute, if you’re recruiting him to be a double agent, how can you be sure he won’t tell his handlers about it?” John asks. “That he won’t betray you?”
“And I would have, you know. If you’d... if you’d asked, I would have listened.” And it’s only now, that he finishes his stilted speech, that he’s able to actually look at the man.
” John mutters and grabs his jacket, following David in the direction of the loos. He stands outside the door for a long minute, listening intently to the heaving sounds coming from the other side.
They eat watching the still images on the various screens. The silence is soon broken by a movement. The Stewarts are back home, carrying bags from the shops. There are flashing lights blaring through the doorway, that disappear as soon as Alison closes it.
Sherlock is on his side, not touching John’s body. He’s far away, too far away, but John is too captivated to take over the situation. He lets Sherlock do as he wishes.
“There are plenty of single parents in the world, John. Everything can be outsourced these days, including child care. ‘Gig economy’ as it were.” Sherlock makes a face at the millennial term. “We can ask Mycroft to help find a vetted nursery school--”
“Oh, no. That was...” John says. “We haven’t been married long. She only ever knew me as a veteran.”
“Nothing, John. I know nothing more than the things you told me.” Sherlock explains. “But wouldn’t you like to know one day?”*
“It was all for show,” Sherlock says calmly, looking straight into Edwin’s eyes. “Raiding the bolthole. For the sake of your colleagues.”
“This is just a formality, but I’ll need to ask you to sign these papers. They confirm that we had this conversation and that I explained the situation to the best of your understanding.” She passes copies to Mrs. Holmes, Mycroft, and Sherlock.
He takes his time on the way to his own room, his breath shallow from exertion. His body is traitorously weak, their distressing argument breaking his spirit even further. It’s hateful, but it’s mere physiology, he knows that very well. The body will heal soon enough; by Christmas he’ll be as good as new.
As soon he enters three pairs of sharp eyes turn to look his way. He suddenly thinks of the Titanic. He’s it, and he’s staring at the face of three blue-eyed icebergs.
John moves his knee in between Sherlock’s instinctively, increasing the pressure on Sherlock’s cock.
Looking ahead he notices the big, green cottage Mrs. Holmes had mentioned. Rosie’s pushchair is standing on the front porch. This is the right place, then. It looks cosy, well taken care of. There are silly looking garden-gnomes and very minimal Christmas decorations.
“Khoury, Stewart’s guard in Gaza. Not dying, dead,” Sherlock says as he throws his jacket haphazardly across the room. “I questioned him yesterday. Slashed his veins.”
“I’m saying this for your own good, John. You’re a family man now,” Mycroft says. “The last thing you need in your life right now is Sherlock Holmes, wouldn’t you agree?”
“Of course I don’t,” Sherlock admits weakly, though he finds himself troubled by the amount of profanities the man had uttered in front of the child since arriving.
This time, she sees no point in making promises she won’t be able to keep. Not only is the person who betrayed them out there... If Ajay knew Mary was still alive, other people from their past might pop up at some point in his footsteps.
Sherlock is silent for a moment, then smiles. John knows this smile. In his head, Sherlock is thinking ‘clever John’ when he smiles like that.
Two-year-olds are some of the most dictatorial creatures humanity has ever known. It sounds exaggerated, dramatic even, but he knows that for a fact. He’s a doctor. He’d had the misfortune of meeting a few of them on their worst days.
“Understandable. Give it some time, both of you. And John, remember that this is a process, but it won’t go on forever. At some point, Sherlock will have his answers. Thank you for coming and for being so honest. As Sherlock’s therapist, I have a bigger picture now.”
“When have I ever been a distraction?” John shakes his head, confused. “Fine, I get it. Alright? No Sherlock Holmes, not in public. But why do I feel like I’m being ostracized?”
“Because he begged me to,” David mumbles under his breath, looking up. “He begged me to. He couldn’t stand it anymore.”
The realization hits him like a smack to the face; it’s so simple, so obvious all he can do is laugh, really. “Oh,” he huffs. “Oh, Sherlock.”
“I’ll have to check,” Mycroft says. “I imagine it might take a few days. The Egyptians will want a piece of him as well, I’m sure.”
“You weren’t there, Al.” David gives back as good as he gets. “You didn’t hear the things he said, the things he accused me of!”
What are you afraid of, Sherlock? This used to be everything we needed. It’s what you offered when you came back. I couldn’t accept it then, but here I am. Offer it again. Just say the words.
It’s all very idyllic, really, and so stunningly incongruous to the horrible truth David had just laid at their feet.
My biggest lesson has been that depression is conquerable. Really, it is. I've been at its most terrible depths, I know what it feels like. It's a fight you have to face every day, but if you make a decision to beat it and arm yourself with the right tools, it IS possible. If you're battling with depression, know that it can have long-lasting effects on your body and your soul - much like it did on William's brain, for example. Don't let yourself sink deeper into depression - hold on to whomever and whatever you can to help you pull yourself out of it. I'm lucky to have a supportive network of family and friends as well as an accessible health system.
Sherlock swallows, staring into the distance for a long moment before joining Mycroft on the way back to the central building.
“Oh. That’s weird,” Lestrade says, genuine surprise in his voice. “I’ll have to ask him next time I see him.”
“What is that supposed to mean?” John asks, his notorious temper flaring quickly. “Of course it’s not Sherlock’s fault.”
He pounds on the door once, twice. The stately house is dark and imposing, though knowing the man it houses he doubts he’s asleep.
“I’m sorry. I know he was your friend.” Sherlock says and John’s palm rests on his forehead as the words attack his senses.
It was a love painfully, heartbreakingly unrequited. James knew. He ignored it for a long time and never addressed it. One day, about six months into the tour, he turned and looked at John. He told him it was inappropriate and undesired.
They catch up shortly. John does his best to listen to Lestrade’s moans about his superiors, but that part doesn’t last long. Sherlock likes to demean the detective, but he’s a detective nonetheless; John’s anxiousness must show, because the stories end when Lestrade gets a good look at John's pale face.
David takes a big breath; his body language is a jumbled, unreadable mystery. It always has been. “Happy?”
“Oh, don’t be so hard on yourself.” David smiles back as they stand next to John’s car. “I’m sure you’d give Michael a run for his money. At least you didn’t tell me to take it one day at a time.”
“Yeah, of course.” She says. She sounds casual, everyday. “Just wanted you to know that I... I came in to give my notice today.”
John visits Ella. He apologizes in advance for sounding childish, needy. She listens intently and waits for him to finish.
“Mandatory?” She frowns. “Not mandatory, but it is a Doctors without Borders clinic. It’s generally recommended leaving the borders every once in a while.”
“It’s been so long, and so much has happened,” she continues. “For both of us. We’ll have to talk about it, eventually.”
“This way, sir,” a voice suddenly says, originating from a stern-looking man stepping out of a small cabin to John’s far left. The door yawns and creaks behind him as he steps inside to find a cozily-furnished—albeit empty—sitting room.
Three weeks pass. They’re finally communicating more freely. The first video chat broke the ice, John was happy to note. Every other day or so, he settles in his bed or the living room waiting for midnight. The time zone differences make it harder to speak in more normal hours, but John doesn’t care.
“Yeah,” John says uncomfortably at the pain in the man’s voice. It sounds genuine. “I mean, I’m no Michael but…”
Later, Sherlock joins him in 221C. John’s had a long internal discussion with his brain and his mouth and everyone agreed he should say absolutely nothing. Sherlock’s allowed to... Whatever this is. Have other friends? Flirt? Expand his professional network?
“My name is Dinah Louise Sutton,” she says, her words carefully punctuated. “I’m seventy-three years old, and I was born in Chelmsford, England.”
John moves uncomfortably in his seat, his heart aching as he finally understands that difficult period in their lives.
But here’s one such case seemingly brought right to his doorstep. The necklace means something—so much so, that a simple message had made Lottie worry.
?” Sherlock demands. “What’s your brilliant plan this time, burying your head in the sand like you did about Mary? Has that worked well for you?”
“Yeah! You remembered.” She says, probably only half-joking. “How’ve you been? Haven’t seen you since you left for uni.”
To his horror, John realizes that he managed to prove Ella wrong. Or more to the point, that he’s finally proven that he is the dysfunctional, damaged man she always tried to convince him he isn’t.
Sherlock’s heart drops. John is serious, he knows he is. John will not come back. He won’t come over for cases and dinners and movie nights.
“Rosamund Mary,” Mycroft says and all the oxygen leaves Sherlock’s lungs. “Let’s hope the name is the only way she takes after her mother.”
“Excuse us for just a minute,” Elin calls over her shoulder as she jostles him into the ensuite, closing the door behind them. She pulls her phone out and, after a second or two, loud flute music starts playing, echoed by the acoustics of the bathroom.
. He opens the door holding it open wide, clearing his throat so as to catch his brother’s attention.
.” His voice has become dangerously low, his eyes narrowing. “What is this, some sort of twisted contest between you and Mary to see who can destroy me first?”
Sherlock stands in front of him—tall, proud, untouchable. You couldn’t be blamed thinking he’d gone through life unscathed. He hides it so well, and it makes John angry. So, so helplessly angry.
Sherlock watches the sleet from the windows of Baker Street, lashing down on the umbrellas of the afternoon crowds bustling about outside. It's colder than usual in late November, but still not cold enough for snow, at least not yet. Passersby huddle into their coats and scarves as they go about their colorless lives below him.
“I’ve read through the evidence we collected from your rooms,” Edwin says. “And Mycroft reported much of the rest of it. Am I correct in assuming the Corporal had shed some light on some of these discrepancies this weekend?”
John moves uncomfortably in the passenger seat. Now that the plans are in motion he needs a few minutes to regroup. The day has been so unexpected and contradictory; moving from yelling at Sherlock’s family at the hospital to a full-on sting operation, guns and all.
“Thank you,” Edwin says as John sits down, displeased. “I’d offer tea but I’m afraid we’ve had to arrange this location rather at the last moment, so we’ll have to brave the afternoon brew-free.”
Later, they’re having dinner in the kitchen. Mr. Lyons’ business card is on the table, standing out like a sore thumb. He picks it up, looks at Sherlock.
Rosie is oblivious to the man’s mood. She follows Sherlock around the flat like a duckling, vying for his attention. He heads for his bedroom for a change of clothes as Rosie toddles behind him and waits by the closed door. John looks at this interaction, amused despite the grim mood in the flat. He supposes following Sherlock around is what Watsons are programmed to do.
“I... I don’t know.” David chuckles nervously. “They didn’t really consult with me. All I know is one moment they covered my head with a sack and injected me with something. Next thing I know we were someplace else. I only realized we moved when all of a sudden the lower ranks weren’t speaking Pashto but Arabic. I couldn’t understand them anymore, any of them.”
Although it may be kind, it still is a lie. This is not the sort of information one is likely to overlook or misremember.
John stands by the kitchen counter, ostensibly making tea. He is stirring sugar into one of the cups, though he looks nowhere near it. His eyes are stuck on Sherlock’s lean form spread over the sofa on the other end of the room.
The ride from Gabriel’s clinic to the hospital is a long one, but it’s not uncomfortable, for once. Sherlock is jumpy, sensing that the resolution of the case is near. John understands; he’s excited about the prospect of solving this case as well, but he reads between the lines of Mycroft’s texts. The conversation that awaits the Holmeses at the hospital is a difficult one.
John chuckles in confusion, wonders how he got here. How James Sholto is telling him to be brave in the face of another man. The universe truly works in mysterious ways.
“Of course I didn’t,” Sherlock says. “The things he keeps in there.” John says. “Not for the faint-hearted.”
“Blimey, you’re white as a sheet.” Lestrade tuts, offering a steadying hand which Sherlock refuses. “Come on, I’ll put you in a cab.”
It took Sherlock a second to realize somebody wasn't sticking to the script. He glanced up, then froze; it almost felt like instead of blood, his heart was pumping ice through his veins.
. She was our mother. She wanted to protect us. I know now just how strong the need to shield your child is. But how..
“Her uncle owns an up and coming publishing house in the UK,” Sherlock reports to Mycroft over the phone as he makes his way from the plaza to the bolthole. “She gave them an actual offer and a publishing contract. She’ll be the ghostwriter, but the author’s credit and all royalties will go to David.”
“Of course I did, but who knows who answers those questions?” John says. “Is it Mary Morstan? Is it her, truly her? Or one of the other identities she’s had through the years? There’s no real way of knowing, is there?”
If you're curious about Priya, in my head she looks like Mandeep Dhillon - and more specifically, like
“Is this going to be a long list?” Mycroft asks and sighs when he catches Sherlock’s glare. “Fine. Go on.”
He sighs with relief. He won’t blow Sherlock’s cover, but the distance between them - no more than a minute’s walk - seems like it stretches over an endless horizon.
. They stop at its centre and turn to rest their elbows against the cold stone as they look into the dark water.
“Make sure his back pay is held back for now but give me a line of credit for money to offer him instead,” Sherlock says. “It’ll help me gain his trust.”
“His politics? His votes? What does he say about immigration, war on terror?” Sophie asks. Tahir nods his head in confusion. “What constituency?”
“David and Jonathan were lovers,” Sherlock says slowly. “They were planning on getting together once they finished their tour. He was going to leave her.”
has everything to do with the fact that John Watson, while shorter than his father, stands just as broad-shouldered, proud and defiant against the world.
“Nosy Rosie. You’ve gotten bigger,” Sherlock whispers and, if John notices Sherlock inhaling her blond hair, he doesn’t say anything.
John’s smile disappears in a split second. A memory from a few days ago jumps to the front of his mind. ‘Hiking Your Way through South America’, ‘Peaks and Summits in Argentina’.
“Afghanistan,” John says, hiding the jolt of shock the question sends through his body. “Helmand. You?”
"I'm glad to hear that.” David nods, observing John with sharp, observant eyes. “I trust Ella's judgment. But you should know that I equipped Sherlock with some techniques of my own. I hope he never has to use them. Sherlock, do you feel the need to address this with John here, today?"
“I think you might be lying about being tortured in Gaza,” Sherlock clarifies. “Your scars are too old.”
“Wait, what?” John protests. “Don’t be ridiculous, Mycroft. I was there all night. Sherlock never left that cabin.”
“If you two can’t make a decision, I’m certainly capable of sending my people.” He smiles dangerously, raising an eyebrow in Sherlock's direction. “She’ll walk out alive, though certainly not free. Legally speaking, of course.”
They spend the rest of the night talking. They talk so much that John wonders if they ever really talked at all before this. How could you feel so close to someone, and yet know so very little about them?
In case it doesn’t, the medical documents detail severe, untreated diabetes and early kidney failure due to untreated familial Mediterranean fever. Any medical professional on the other side of the channel will vouch for them as temporary asylum-seekers as soon as they lay their eyes on these papers. They’ll be thrown into the overloaded, overwhelmed asylum machine, and by the time anyone gets a good, hard look at any standard blood test results, the proof of Mary’s involvement in this transaction will be long gone.
“But he’d read every post again and again and then call Sherlock to tell him how clever he was. I’m sure Sherlock just tuned him out but Will was so proud. He’d always tell him you’re a good lad, that we’re all lucky he has a live-in doctor.”
He finds Mrs. Holmes alone in the kitchen, staring at nothing. They greet each other but remain silent as John makes tea and sits next to her.
“Who’s Johnny Cash?” John eyes the poker-faced man who greeted him earlier as they gather in the front room.
John sits down opposite her at the table, rubbing his hands on his thighs uncomfortably. “So, a new job.”
John scans Sherlock's face automatically, trying to parse out the feelings the other man is clearly masking.
“And my lot,” John starts, swallowing. “We’re no better. My dad—” He looks away, lost in thought. A lump settles in Sherlock’s throat. “Harry, she’s… she’s a walking wine bottle. And me, holy mother of fuck—”
"About the drugs. About leaving for good and only telling me about a minute before taking off. About choosing to be a sitting duck waiting for Moriarty to attack. How's that for a start?"
The truth is that David is… nice. Charming, even. If John hadn’t known Sherlock was suspicious of the man, John would have gladly liked to have David as a mate to go for a pint with every once in a while.
John leaves the house and heads towards the general direction of the Parashars’ home. He’s happy for the fresh air. The unexpectedly honest conversation with Mrs. Holmes left him thoughtful and bothered. There is so much to unpack in everything she’d just told him.
John takes a long swig of his pint, emptying it. Waits for the bartender to notice. He doesn't ask, yet Sherlock answers while signalling the bartender for a refill.
That’s what she used to be for him: a smiling, grounding calm in a traitorous world. In the days before the bullet, she would have been his sounding board about everything he discovered that weekend about Sherlock. She would have fixed him with that crooked smile, explaining what an idiot he’s been, what an idiot he
As quietly as possible, he sneaks back to the cabin, careful not to make a sound. Sherlock and David are wide awake, one of them wandering around the cabin.
He closes his eyes in despair. It’s always so terrible when reality destroys his well-made arguments, his self-assured plans. Because John insists that there can be no more lies between them, and that’s impossible.
John shakes his head, scowling at the floor at the feel of his constricting heart. His belly fills with a strange, unholy brew of pity and bitter envy.
This chapter addresses John's violent and abusive outbursts at Sherlock. Two things that are unforgivable but were easily dismissed by Moftiss. That is FICTION. If you are experiencing physical, emotional, or verbal abuse in your life, you should reach out for help to your family, friends, social worker or police.
“Yeah, I guess this place hasn’t been used in a long time,” David says, while John hears soft footsteps. “Look at my bags. Maybe I threw some in there.”
“It’s quite alright,” Sherlock says impatiently as she turns to leave the room. “Thank you. When you’re ready to make a deal, write down everything you know in this notepad. Names, phone numbers, locations. Could be in Arabic or English, doesn’t matter.” Sherlock stands and leaves the table. “Given everything Abu Nazir has on you, I’d do it sooner rather than later.”
Eventually he gets up, unable to deny his body’s call for some tea. As he takes the stairs to the kitchen floor he notices something’s different. The house is full of flowers, consolation gestures from the people John and Sherlock broke the news to in the village yesterday.
When Sherlock had scuttled away from the bolthole—no phone, not bothering to wait for John—Mycroft’s supervisor and his entourage simply vanished. Mycroft himself only nodded tightly and headed for the door, leaving a wide-eyed, stunned John behind.
“Watson’s choice.” Sherlock explains and looks up towards the tiny tyrant sitting on his shoulders, giddy with the way things are progressing today. She really has Sherlock wrapped around her fingers, that one. John can’t help but wait for her to grow up enough to ask her how she does it.
John is standing by their rental car in the car park, rattled and embarrassed. He just yelled at a grieving, distraught family. Sherlock’s family, no less. They’re terrible but they're still related to Sherlock and John is nothing but an outsider. He had no right.
Freeing himself from work today means he’s free for the rest of the week till Christmas comes around. They’ve made no substantial plans, only to spend Christmas Eve quietly at Baker Street.
“You see, I’ve always appreciated your professionalism. AGRA was always very reliable. Never put a foot wrong.” The woman stands up, hoisting her black purse on her arm. “That's why I was so surprised to learn that you chose to stick your nose where it doesn’t belong.”
“There’s been no one around.” She shakes her head and clicks her tongue. “Oh dear, you came here thinking he’d be here, didn’t you?”
“He stuck a screwdriver in my thigh and twisted it for hours upon hours,” David says. “Then urinated on the wound.”
John is silent for a moment, intrigued by the text written in Sherlock’s hand. He snorts when he’s done reading it.
“As I told you a few weeks ago at your surgery, John, Sherlock had a vital part in Corporal Stewart’s rescue, retrieval, and eventual homecoming,” Mycroft says. “Something I hadn’t told you when I met you was that after the rescue operation, Sherlock spent two months in solitary with the Corporal in a Gaza safehouse. It took us a long time to work out the details of a safe retrieval operation of the two of them.”
“Hello again,” he says looking down at her, towering like a gargoyle. “Please don’t move. Your father will get very cross with me if something bad happens to you.”
“I’m to stay here for a while,” David says, “a couple of weeks. It’s protocol. At least that’s what they said. They need any information they can get out of me.”
“They’re desperate to talk to me,” Lottie says, frowning. “To hear where I’d found it. But I… I thought it best to wait. Jerry’s calling up a lawyer later today, just in case.”
“I did.” Mycroft says. “I caught a whiff of the rumours as we were discussing your punishment for shooting Magnussen and managed to convince Lady Smallwood to put you on the case within a matter of weeks.”
Sherlock stands up to leave and John follows behind him. He sees Mrs. Holmes, Mycroft, and a man who bears a familial resemblance standing by the door.
“I still think about her every day, Sherlock.” He says, shaking his head. “How lonely she must have felt. We were both young, you know, I don’t know if I would have been able to save her... but I would have liked to have a chance. To kick him out of our house, to call him out. I was big by then. I’d have liked to see him try to get at me.”
“I’m not coming.” John says and Sherlock freezes mid-movement, surprised by the declaration. “I’m not playing along with whatever the hell it is the two of you are planning.”
When it’s only the three of them left in the living room, Sherlock’s mood swings quickly to unrest. No one but John would recognize the signs - the swift transition into the Mind Palace; it is something that usually keeps Sherlock still and unmoving for hours. Right now, however, Sherlock's body is jittery; he's restless. Attempting to solve some emotional difficulty he'll probably never open up to John about.
“Right.” The photographer nods. He turns to David, gesturing towards the middle of the sitting room. “All right then, Corporal? I’m going to need you to stand here,” the man says, grabbing David’s arm in order to push him in the right direction. He jumps nervously at the touch, flexing his hand unconsciously. “Sorry…” the photographer says. “No touching. Got you. Er, if you could just stand here”—he points at a piece of tape on the floor—“and look ever so slightly at the window.”
“Nice place you got here,” John says with a lopsided smile at Sherlock’s prying eyes. “Thought having a brother like Mycroft might mean he could find you a more decent place.”
John is suddenly exhausted, flayed open as he is after sharing his innermost secrets in the middle of the kitchen in 221B.
“I know the basics,” he finally admits, referring to the most barebones of details he’d found in two yellowing death certificates shortly before John’s wedding. “Suicide. In prison, when John was very young.”
A cuddle isn’t exactly what Rosie needs, and even Sherlock, with no experience with babies to speak of, can detect the misery in the sounds she makes. Mrs. Hudson picks up a toy and offers it, to no avail.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Mycroft smiles sourly, “perhaps he’d thought himself overqualified to be nothing more than a glorified wedding planner.”
“They were crueler with him. I had a wife, he didn’t. It made him an easy target. One of the guards...” David bites his top lip painfully, his eyes unseeing. “He would… abuse him. Sexually. In the cell next to mine, every night. Made sure I heard all of it. The guard, he… he couldn’t touch him. He was too religious to actually… but he… used other things, and…”
Sherlock swallows, his shoulders slouching in surprise. He doesn’t get a chance to respond, though, when John’s phone rings.
“Excellent job, Mr. Holmes!” Edwin says, hurrying to catch up with Sherlock and Mycroft as they walk down the small garden just outside the safehouse. “That was brilliant.”
John’s mind drifts back to the sitting room. His right hand is propped up on his chair, tumbler close to his temples. He’s staring daggers at the back of Sherlock’s head, hoping to get his attention.
Was this an invitation for..? What exactly? It doesn’t make sense. Doesn’t make sense at all, given their history.
“Yesterday you told me something I should have known a long time ago and I came here today to talk to you about it. Because I’m happy you told me. You’re always the brave one.”
Ten babies who came into this world through unfortunate consequences they'll have to live with their entire lives, wanted and yet unwanted.
“He doesn’t need your help. He never needed your help.” She takes a few steps, moving closer to him. “That’s why he left. He knew he wouldn’t be able to have you around to play with, so there was no use in you anymore.
"And what of my decision to wait? I know exactly what I'm doing, John." Sherlock continues. "And even if I didn't, it's
Sherlock stares into the setting sun, his face twisting unnaturally. He thinks of the sun on the beach on a cold day in Gaza, over Lake Beyşehir in Turkey, on a sweltering hot day at the old Jaffa Port. Beautiful places he’d made a point of getting lost in temporarily, never really belonging—but where he could indulge in being anyone but himself.
“How did you pay for the room?” Sherlock asks. James shakes his head. “Who suggested getting a room? Was it you or Nathan?”
“I’ll need a lot more than that to go on if we’re to launch a full-on investigation, Sherlock.” Mycroft raises an eyebrow.
He stares at the kettle, waiting for it to boil. While Sherlock and Mary have been obsessing over seating arrangements, he’s been relegated to tea making due to his general moping about and grumpily voicing all the (apparently) wrong opinions.
“I’ll walk you out, dear,” Mrs. Hudson says sympathetically, placing a gentle hand on the woman’s shoulder.
He rocks her back and forth, back and forth, all night. The repetitive movement is the only thing that keeps his mind from spiralling into a bottomless abyss of guilt, fear, and shame. He holds on to her like a life raft, much like he held on to her mother before she shot the love of his life.
This past week had been difficult and he barely had a chance to have any quality time with her. He decides to forego nursery for the day. Christmas is already here; he’d lost count of the days due to the case. He has shopping to do; some food, some gifts. A good distraction, a way to dwell happier things following his sleepless night.
Sherlock was spread across the sofa; he hadn't moved from his spot all night. And every other night recently, to be fair.
“When has Sherlock Holmes ever bullied me into anything?” Lestrade huffs, and John returns the favour, a genuine one this time.
“Too many people. There were just too many people around,” she says, breathing in and out demonstrably for him. “You should take things slower, David. Maybe hold off on outings without me. It’s only been a couple of days.”
“Hmm,” is the only response Sherlock’s troubled mind allows. It’s only after a few moments that he realizes nobody has spoken for some time—a rare thing, whenever his brother is in the room.
"I see," Sherlock said, deflated. Once he noticed how his face fell, Sherlock quickly put back the emotionless mask on his face again. Sherlock shouldn't be surprised or upset; nobody ever stayed. It was better this way. He had hoped John Watson would be different, though.
From his seat on the floor the following Monday, with Rosie hanging off his arm, John’s eyes follow Mary fluttering around the flat all evening. They’ve been circling and avoiding each other all weekend, far more than usual, making a point not to be in the same room simultaneously.
Sherlock takes the card, turns it over. He clears his throat. “Thank you,” he says and closes the door behind Mr. Lyons as he heads for the stairs.
“I don’t remember agreeing to that,” David whispers, brushing his lips against Sherlock’s. “What was so wrong about it?”
“It’s an intern’s badge. Doesn’t pay well, or possibly not at all. Must have been moonlighting as an escort.”
The early dawn brings with it the first rays of sunlight and sounds of growing traffic from the nearby road.
Before they left for the car park, John had half a thought to tell Sherlock he isn’t entirely sure David is what Sherlock claims. From everything John has seen so far, David is a traumatized, broken shell of a man.
“Just generally. It couldn’t have been easy on you. Left behind with a newborn baby, not knowing where your wife was. That can cause a lot of distress.”
“Were they fresh when you came into the restaurant?” John asks. “When you saved me on bonfire night?”
He always thought if Sherlock found out, it’d get some rise out of him. Maybe an angry glance, a snide remark like the days before his fall. Something that John can confront Sherlock with. Anything.
“I’ll be at the bolthole later tonight, then, yeah? Be there too if you want my help, ” John says. “And Sherlock?”
The showdown, such as it is, catches them by surprise a few days after Christopher Lyons gave Sherlock his business card.
They giggle together for a few glorious moments, until the tension in John’s body melts away. “Any idiot can be a parent, John. Most of them really shouldn’t be allowed, but they are. You’re no idiot, and neither is Mary. You’ll do fine, John,” he says. “It’ll be fine.”
Zouheira looks as if she has something significant and important on her mind; her shoulders straighten and she clears her throat, but no words come out. “Here.” She finally gives in, moving slowly to place a thick wad of notes in Mary’s hand.
He’s lost Sherlock so many times; in a chain of a lifetime of goodbyes, he knows one of them will be the final one.
The air is thick with unspoken words. Mary knows the time for the confrontation they’ve been avoiding has come.
“Lots of the lads from the section told me they’re divorced or separated,” David says, swirling his pint. “Just couldn’t get it together after they came back.”
“Yeah? So birthday wishes do come true,” John says. “That’s exactly what I wished for a minute ago.”
“Things became difficult recently.” Alexander looks away. ”He became paranoid, erratic. I feared for my safety.”
“John, would you be so kind and show our guest in?” Sherlock says, berating John so convincingly the other man is left with no time to recuperate from the change in their roles. John cooperates, like he always does when he’s confused, showing the woman to a chair.
He watches David park outside a lonely Harvester car park. His hopes of catching up to Sherlock disappear as he watches him join David in the restaurant, and then shortly return carrying brown takeaway bags.
“It’s nice, dear. So very good for both of you. You moved on, he moved on.” She smiles again, nodding. It’s a warm, understanding thing. “It’s going to be a great wedding.”
“That it wasn’t an accident we were tipped off about Stewart,” Sherlock whispers as he moves closer to his brother, “that we, that I, were meant to find him.”
John’s hands are full when he shows up at Baker Street the next evening. He’s bringing cake and wine, a gift from Rosie, another gift from himself, and one from Molly.
"I wouldn't have married her," John says and Sherlock turns to look at him, his eyes narrow with disbelief.
“That’s rather rude, considering last we saw each other John and I were rather busy saving your life.” Sherlock snarls back.
John waves a hand dismissively. “False alarm, just like I thought. Good that we went in, though. She’ll need to watch her blood pressure going forward.”
“As… John and Sherlock,” John swallows. “He doesn’t… do that. Relationships. So… whatever he would have wanted.”
The worst part of it all was the insufferable little changes that took place while he was gone. From the skull that Mrs. Hudson moved an inch to the left, to the new people who moved into the flat across from him on Baker Street, to a wholly different John. For this new John, nothing Sherlock said was the right thing. The things that used to make John laugh before he’d left, suddenly made him angry and spiteful.
The following day Mycroft shows up unexpectedly, only temporarily spared of Sherlock's vitriolic abuse thanks to the guest he brings with him. They’ve met before but only briefly, and only when Sherlock’s condition was dire enough to require assistance from the CIA on their turf.
Another day passes, then another night. They ignore each other—stubbornly, venomously. Doors are slammed, grumbled accusations left unanswered. John's tortured presence fills the flat with rigid silence whenever he leaves his room, his lips compressed in an angry line.
When John sits back down holding a coffee and a pastry, he leans back silently to watch them. Sensing this, Sherlock throws a quick look his way, careful not to break the magic that is a silent Rosamund Watson. John smiles and his cheeks turn pink as he lowers his eyes, not saying a word.
Caught by surprise at the sensation, by the contrast the warmth John’s lips bring to his frozen body, he whimpers softly. This seems to encourage John so he presses his lips slightly harder, his body leaning more heavily into Sherlock’s space.
“How could he possibly be a fan of my career?” the minister asks. “Didn’t he just spend a decade down some hole in the ground?”
He will never admit this to anyone but himself, but Irene Adler is not the woman who beat him, as much as he likes to tell himself. Mary Watson is. This woman, who went completely under his radar while being right in front of his eyes the entire time.
Sherlock only destroys. That’s his curse. He walks in like a hurricane, leaving nothing intact behind him.
“I’m sorry we have to speak under these circumstances, but I’m sure you’re aware that William’s condition has been deteriorating over the last few days.” She says and everyone in the room nods solemnly.
But Sherlock is also selfless to a fault when it comes to sending John her way whenever he seems to be drifting away from her. Tonight’s no different.
Terrible people, who caused such destruction in their lives, yet they spoke to some twisted logic, some part of Sherlock that makes him tick.
“Corporal Stewart, welcome,” Edwin says, shaking David’s hand. “I hope you’re settling back successfully.”
He was addicted to Sherlock. To his promise of exotic danger, to the rule breaking. To kicking at anything considered proper and acceptable in favor of chaos and uncertainty.
John’s been saying religiously every time an email or a text has Sherlock glancing lovingly at his Belstaff. Sometimes he adds a pointing, accusatory finger to make his message clearer. ‘
So yes, it is indeed possible that is another in a long line of people who’ve managed to slip under his radar. Sherlock can’t afford to be fooled again, can’t let the repercussions unfold helplessly in front of his eyes like they did with Mary, with Magnussen, with Moriarty.
?” He finally spins towards him. “I’m not the one who brought these people into your life, John. Not Mary, not Lottie, and certainly not your father—"
“An electronic keycard,” Sherlock says, eyeing the blank plastic rectangle knowingly. “For use in a hotel, or a storage unit.”
He’d missed him over dinners, their silences loud in their ears after the first few months of parenthood had passed, the realization hitting that a baby isn’t a fix-all; that now the storm of the first intense, overwhelming months had passed, their problems still existed.
“But an eager agency like Mossad or DGSE would have no qualms about going into Gaza in order to kill a master terrorist such as himself.” Sherlock says, catching up to Mycroft’s train of thought. “He’d put himself as bait. He wanted to be found. He wanted us to find David.”
“I have. I have Sherlock, and yesterday was so important to me. I thought I’d come here today so we could talk. But now you spring all of this... A year, Sherlock?”
Sherlock spends nearly every waking moment (and, if he’s honest with himself, those spent sleeping, too) under the doctor’s watchful eyes, eyes which betray the guilt and remorse over Mary’s part in Sherlock’s physical agony.
“Do not make any stops on the way. Don’t let anyone see you. I won’t be able to protect you otherwise,” Mycroft continues. “Am I clear, Dr. Watson?”
“He’s just sitting there? Is he talking to anyone?” Sherlock asks, shushing John. “Stay next to him, make sure the mic is on.”
He shakes his hand, signaling Sherlock to move. He notices Sherlock looking at him, then at the group behind them.
“Sher!” She calls him again and waves her hand, coaxing Sherlock to pick her up from her high chair. She can, technically, pronounce his full name by now, but John thinks she doesn’t care to. He supposes it’s an unofficial pet name.
“Oh, I’m sure you don’t.” John says snidely. “You’re in on this too, aren’t you Mycroft? The two of you should be medically tested. Maybe someday I’ll be able to understand where the ice in your veins comes from.”
Sherlock storms into the empty control room filled with video equipment moments after Mycroft returns from the homecoming ceremony. Streaming from another part of the building, this video stream broadcasts the live feed from a nearby sitting room.
“I honestly have no idea what to believe anymore,” John says in a half-whisper. “Stewart could have—”
“The friendships you did have, were they much like the one you and Sherlock have? Very intense, very solitary?”
Sherlock knows the walls he has been so successful at building these past few days are beginning to crumble. He can hear the echo of each falling stone from some distant place in his mind palace.
“No, Sherlock. Listen, please,” John says. “You’re loyal, you’re fascinating, you make me laugh like nobody else. You help me with Rosie when I can’t handle her anymore. I learn so much from you every day. No one should go around feeling like they’ve got nothing to offer. It’s a terrible feeling. It’s also incredibly untrue in your case. I need to know you’re working on that with David. Are you?”
“Don’t touch me!” David stands abruptly, kicking the chair from under him. He leaves the room and travels up the stairs to the bedroom.
“Please Sherlock, my shoulder,” Mrs. Hudson is pleading, moving towards him and then adding, “She knows you, she knows your lovely voice. It might work. Just relax.”
John's breath catches at David’s implications. His head dips and he stares at his hands. “So that’s what all this is about?”
. Mary’s been having Braxton-Hicks contractions all morning.” Sherlock crosses his legs. A mistake; the movement sends a shooting pain up his sternum. “They’ve gone into observation.”
“Yes,” Jenkins says. “That’s what our investigation into that night concluded too, that you tried to sound the alarm but it didn’t work due to a fault in the generators.”
“He’s waiting to see if Khoury will speak first, though I doubt he will,” Edwin says. “Khoury was captured by the Egyptian army as he was trying to infiltrate their border illegally. They turned him over to us.”
When the door opens, David and his wife, Alison, as well as another officer, step hesitantly into the room. They stare at each other and their body language is awkward.
They watch as David nods in thanks, looking stunned; he watches her walking away, then shaking his head he looks around him and leaves.
“Of course,” Sherlock says and frowns. John chuckles. He looks and sounds exactly like Mycroft when he does that. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
“Honestly, I would have been happy to just let him rot to death in that safehouse,” Saul says. “Far more humiliating for a man of his stature.”
“That’s enough, Watson. Mr. Monkey had some very important monkey business to tend to.” He said and her eyes widened in awe. “I’m sure he’ll come back as soon as he becomes available again.”
Sherlock’s confident stride attracts onlookers, as always, but he never slows down as he approaches the motley crew awaiting him. There’s a sense of purpose written on his face, one John is far too familiar with. The game isn’t over. Sherlock still has some cards up his sleeve.
He lowers the napkin and looks at her again, his chest opening up with a warm sense of relief. If this woman is indeed so convinced she’ll be able to talk John Watson around, the situation is not at all as dire as he’d thought. She doesn’t know, doesn’t understand John as well as she thinks she does.
“Also, our incumbent Minister of Foreign Affairs has just created a rather embarrassing diplomatic Twitter incident regarding the new Hamas leadership. We’re treading lightly, diplomatically speaking.”
“Thought you'd have a case by now,” John says, a tad surprised. “Brought some papers with me, actually. We could go over them, find you a nice murder.”
. You’re well-connected, aren’t you? The Khourys are the strongest clan in Gaza. You make up the elite of Hamas leadership.”
Phew! We're about a third into Part 1. This party is only getting started! I hope you're enjoying the case fic so far.
John tips over to look at the paper Sherlock was asked to sign. When he’s done reading it he nods back to the other man. He whispers for Sherlock’s ears only and squeezes his shoulder.
Sherlock takes his hand and is completely unbalanced when John grabs his face with both hands and kisses him deeply. When it’s over, Sherlock opens his eyes and he’s... frazzled.
He follows the man up an abandoned service staircase. On the third floor the man enters a number into a keypad (John takes note of the code; 5981) and opens the door to a big, semi-dark room. In its better days, before the hotel was abandoned, this was probably a suite, serving a whole family.
Sherlock launches himself from his chair, moving towards the fireplace to catch some of the heat. “You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?”
Sherlock knows that babies are nothing but a bundled collection of evolutionary tricks aimed at ensuring their survival. That’s why they cry and wail and have cute features - so they can convince adults to keep them alive. Laughter is simply a survival mechanism.
Suddenly Sherlock's long and convoluted biography comes to John’s mind; all the things William faced as his father. Seeing Sherlock turn from a gentle, thriving child to a traumatized, hurting boy after Eurus and Victor. Teenage years couldn’t have been simple with Sherlock, he thinks. Then the drugs, rehab, life on the street. All that before John had even met him. Then his fall, knowing Sherlock’s somewhere on the run. Mary’s bullet, his drug relapse. Even the simple knowledge that Sherlock chases criminals every day should be terrifying enough for a parent in their right mind.
The words sober John up, far too quickly for Sherlock’s taste. “It won’t,” he says with a sigh, looking away again. “It won’t.”
“Because the man you spent the night with is a part of the problem,” she says. “Works for the people you swore you’d never work for again.”
Sherlock purses his lips, despite himself. John is a hard nut to crack; it takes the patience of a saint to break him down, and Sherlock’s neither, but he’ll get there. He must.
Sherlock looks at him and John sees. He sees that Sherlock knows exactly what John wants to say. He knows that there’s absolutely nothing either of them can offer that will provide him with any comfort.
“Yes, I’d say so,” David says. “Nice place. Quiet. They don’t know you, though. You’re not a regular.”
“Help yourself,” Sherlock says as he sits at the table, examining a suspicious looking petri dish. Rory peeks his head out of the cabinet in search of something or another in his toolbox, sending another smile in John’s direction.
He stares expectantly at the clock in his office during the last ten minutes of his shift at the surgery, holding his breath as he waits for the clock’s hands to finally reach their destination. When they do, he takes a big breath as he picks up his already-packed briefcase.
Rosie’s beautiful, rolling laughter fills the room. John could swear the house suddenly feels slightly warmer.
“You did,” Edward nods. “However there’s been a significant development in our investigation into your capture.”
And if she was hoping to get a response out of Sherlock, it finally works. His body tenses and the smile he’s had on while holding Rosie is wiped from his face. John lowers his face to the table, feeling the same hurt he felt when Sherlock was blamed for his father’s condition at the hospital.
They share a menacing glance as Mycroft steps out. Preoccupied, Sherlock only barely has the state of mind not to slam the door on his brother’s backside as the man grumbles as he leaves.
“Your kind always gets bored,” the woman says with a dismissive wave. “A shame to do it on the back of a small child, though, but really, I’m not here to judge.“
John takes in the strange sight from the bed, surreptitiously watching one man as he watches another.
knew I was still alive. For all I knew, no one was ever coming to get me. So I did what I could do. We all do things under duress that are hard to explain sometimes, don’t we?”
“And I…” She continues. “For many years after that, I wasn’t… I wasn’t present. It must have felt like living with a ghost of a mother for Sherlock. It’s horrible, I know. It’s unfair when you have other children to raise. But they insisted on keeping Eurus a secret and it absolutely tore me apart.”
John shuffles his legs, ignoring him. He opens a cabinet door and pulls only one mug out, placing it angrily on the counter.
“This is all very interesting,” David says. “I learned a few things I wasn’t aware of, today. But I feel like everything we talked about only reinforces what Sherlock and I have been talking about for a while.”
He then stops by his flat, sending the minder home with a generous holiday bonus and warm Christmas wishes. It takes much longer to pack for spending a few days away with Rosie. A travel cot and snacks and toys and books and a frilly, burgundy Christmas Eve dress Mrs. Hudson purchased despite promising not to.
Sherlock is supposed to meet his group at the airport, but they make it in record time and have some time to kill. They find themselves standing next to each other, watching Rosie playing in a children’s playground.
“Hm?” Mary asks, feigning carelessness. “Oh, that? Just John being ridiculous. You know how doctors can be.”
“Get on with it, then.” John huffs, stealing another glance up the ladder before he leaves the kitchen. He manhandles Sherlock hurriedly towards the stairs before Sherlock even has a chance to tie his scarf.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock says, returning Mycroft’s glare. “I’ve been going at this completely wrong. I’ve been trying to understand David, while all this time I should have focussed on him.”
The group roars in laughter, the memory materializing in everyone’s minds. John can’t help but smile to himself; he may have not met Jonathan, but he’d met dozens of soldiers just like him. Young men and women who found themselves as far from home as possible and sometimes, just sometimes, needed to regain their humanity by pissing around.
John’s not a strong man, not anymore. He’s been beaten down again and again, the prisoner of the consequences of his own life. Sure, he’s friendly with the guards, but it’s a prison, nonetheless.
“Can you believe this guy?” Rory shakes his head in delight, pointing at Sherlock as he crawls back under the sink.
“You should take the missus to Australia for your honeymoon, mate,” Rory whispers conspiratorially. “They do ‘glamping now these days; you sleep in a fancy tent with electricity and wha’ not. It’s dead right in the middle of a nature reserve - very romantic. Plenty of exotic nature and time to do nothing much but stay in bed,” Rory looks between Sherlock and John, adding a knowing wink, “
“One problem at a time, Mr. Holmes.” Lady Smallwood clears her throat loudly. “Now, I’ve asked Mrs. Norbury here to coordinate your next assignment.”
“Just… don’t you think it’s odd?” Mary continues. “Last time he came back, it was exactly when this country needed to be rescued. A terrorist attack. He came back this time after saving a soldier who’s been gone for nine years.”
John struggles to tamper down the feeling of setback. Last night he was allowed to take Sherlock to bed, such as it were, to offer some consolation through small touches. He’s not even greeted this morning.
He steals a glance at John’s sleeping form on the sofa, out like a light after another long, sleepless night attached to a tumbler of whisky.
“What’s wrong with sharing this with me? You’re my best friend. I can help, I want to. That’s what friends do.”
A guard enters the room and removes the sack from the other man's head. He is beaten and dirty, but he sits calmly with closed eyes.
“Dr. Watson, I believe I’ve told you before that on occasion it takes Sherlock Holmes to fool me. Regrettably, I think this is one of those occasions,” Mycroft scowls. “Tell me, Sherlock, what really happened to your asset in Gaza, hm? The one who died mysteriously shortly after breaking the news to you about a turned British warrior—”
I'm working on a bunch of new stories these days, though I'm only starting out on them. I hope you join me again in the future.
) is indeed an actual possibility in the near future. But the other man had barely slept in nearly a week, only a few hours here and there, so John throws away the duvet turns to leave the bed.
An A4 printout drops from the stack. John looks at it and laughs out loud. It’s stunning; Sherlock is standing near the edge of a cliff. He’s looking at the valley below, a violin* resting on his shoulder. Whoever took the photo did an amazing job. They captured his beautiful stance, the tilt of his head. John can imagine the exact look on his face when he's standing like this.
. They had him looked over, and a diagnosis was made; Aldridge had since started treatment for his bipolar disorder, assumed to be the result of the trauma he’d suffered from his injuries on the night David and Jonathan were captured.
, task,” Sherlock says. “Rory’s about your size and build. It was only logical to practice the steps with him first.”
“You need to… You need to give me a choice in things that involve me, Sherlock. You can’t justify everything in the name of saving my life.”
“Me.” Sherlock says quickly. “She was quite adamant about it. I.. we’re not very comfortable around each other.”
“No… Sherlock was out on a walk at the time.” John says, not sure how to answer Lestrade’s first question. Lestrade doesn’t give up though and looks expectantly.
Rosie is teething for the first time. She’s absolutely miserable, as are her parents. They tried everything in the books: teething toys, gum rubbing, over-the-counter medication. His heart goes out to her as she wails in his ears, squirming in discontent.
“She’s a freelance arts and culture reporter for UPI, an Associated Press competitor,” Mycroft says. “A small fish in a rather large pond. Her claim to fame is a series of cheeky Russian Ballet reviews.”
His mind, already running at full speed, registers the eerie silence in the flat before his eyes ever truly open.
The clinic is housed in a renovated one-storey building in Surrey. The design is modern and sleek, with plenty of glass and steel. It’s impressive, if somewhat cool and distant. Ella’s clinic is much more welcoming than this one.
"In saving my life, she conferred a value on it." Sherlock says, his eyes to the floor. "It is a currency I do not know how to spend."
Sherlock stares at him for a long minute, his internal battle manifesting in his lips curling angrily. Finally, he nods, unsure but defiant.
“I haven’t been happy myself, Sherlock. For a long time.” John says and Sherlock stares at him with a mixture of fear and guilt. “No, not because of you... I just… I miss the way things were. I hate it all. I hate that damn flat. I hate those wallpapers and the beige pillows. And the neighbours, god, the fucking neighbours with their cars and the garden ornaments...”
At the centre of the room stands a large desk with two computers screens, both powered off. There’s a pair of large headsets on the table, but they’re disconnected. There’s not a laptop in sight, which is weird considering the number of screens in the room. Whatever it is that Sherlock is working on, John can’t find a clue for right now.
“He’s merely suggesting that while I put myself in these new situations, I bring only myself. Only this new state of mind I’m in.”
“Indeed,” Edwin says. “I’ve learned long ago to trust Mr. Holmes’ instincts, Dr. Watson. I knew something must have gone terribly awry when the Corporal called to report him.”
“The war in the desert, in the oil fields, we’ve brought it back to the streets of Britain,” the group’s leader says passionately. “There are kids growing up over here and all they hear is what’s been done to families and friends over there. Who can blame them if they want to push back?”
One evening John leaves the flat, as per usual, but something about his stance is all wrong. He eyes Sherlock maliciously. Sherlock’s stomach turns, bile rising up in his throat. When John slams the street door behind him, Sherlock goes up to John’s room. He browses the drawers and the dresser quietly and efficiently, until he finds what he’s looking for.
“You’re a widower. My condolences.” David nods in sympathy. “Your wife, Mary. Did you have mutual friends as a couple?”
he commanded him as John left the bolthole the previous day) and wait for an opportunity to start a conversation with David.
John says he doesn't want her to come back until she chooses to do so herself, but Sherlock knows better. The things John Watson says and the things John Watson feels are very different indeed.
“Hope you don’t mind,” John smiles back, pushing down his nerves. He signals the bartender for a pint for Greg.
“I’d like to take a page out of David’s book, if I may,” John says. “While you’re out there, traveling. Think about who I am, what I am. Think of things that you think will make me happy. Whenever you come up with one, we can chat like we are right now and I’ll tell you if you’re right. I won't judge.”
“Well, because of his lifestyle.” Dinah says. “He was queer, you see, and he wasn’t shy about it. Back then—it was the sixties, you didn’t speak about these things; it was all rather hush-hush, and they all wanted him to keep it hush-hush, but he didn't. The only nice thing they ever did for him was to let him keep his job at one of their petrol stations. That was the one near Parsonage Green. It was the biggest one in Chelmsford at the time. A bit out of the way, right behind the factory, servicing mostly coppers and the factory's lorry drivers. Ernie was big with those crowds: police and lorry drivers. He knew all of them.”
Mary will up and leave abruptly sooner or later. Her kind always does, whether of their own volition or otherwise. Sherlock will heroically chase her in the name of the vow he had foolishly made to keep them safe and - Mycroft chuckles bitterly - happy. He’ll send her back to their beloved John.
Sherlock’s allowed to... Whatever this is. Have other friends? Flirt? Expand his professional network?
“You went off the grid. Left the burner at your friend’s house,” she says, her voice suddenly cold. “You thought we wouldn’t know where you were. Let me tell you something you might not have realized by now: we
Some people, he’d learnt the hard way, fall neatly into an unknown blind spot. Like Irene Adler —he clearly recalls the sensation that hit him as he tried to deduce her but couldn’t. And Mary, of course, his biggest failure, a spot so blind Sherlock was left wondering if his skills were ever to be trusted again.
"Just popped in to see how Sherlock's doing." John says, directing his words to Sherlock and not rising to Mycroft’s bait. He moves to his chair and sits down with Rosie in his lap.
John had been enough for a while, until he wasn’t. So Sherlock left once, came back, gave it an honest try. And then he left again. He’s back now, but not really. The man in that bolthole isn’t Sherlock. He’s not
he rallies himself, clearing his throat. "When you... When we met a few days ago, you looked at my daughter and said you could see the resemblance.”
“I think you’re just describing living your life as a human being.” John smiles warmly. “It was hard for me to hear what you said, about feeling like your only role in my life is to protect me.”
“Lestrade, have a surveillance team follow Alexander today, look out especially or any attempts to be in touch with Gabriel. Be ready to apprehend him later. Say it’s for further questioning. Prepare for Sholto’s release but don’t let him go just yet.”
“Just a small detour, Sherlock.” John smiles warmly, the heat in it warming Sherlock’s insides. “We could both use a break. A bit of fresh air won’t kill you.”
He raises John’s arm, removes it from his face where it’s been covering John’s eyes. John opens them and finds the most glorious pair of eyes he’d ever seen looking straight into his. His breath catches and his mouth dries when he reads the questions those eyes are asking.
“No, that’s not it either,” Sherlock takes a big breath for additional dramatic effect. “How about....
It’s terribly lucky that John’s sitting down while having Rosie in his lap, otherwise he would have dropped her straight on the floor the second the word
“Aldridge—he made Jonathan…” David sighs. “He knew how much he loved them, the dogs. But he gave him an order. He had him… had him shoot down every dog in the village one time.”
A personal note from yours truly: Spring of 2021 was one kick in the nuts  after another in real life and frankly, I'm exhausted and also going through a bit of a writers' burnout (I think, I never had one before). I'll be slowing down a bit my with my current WIPs - this one, as well as
And suddenly the ground drops beneath John’s feet because he’s truly and rightly an arse, isn’t he? This man juggled saving James and making end-of-life decisions for his father, and John found no better way to thank him but to start a row in the middle of the park.
Through a series of grunts he reaches his bed, changing to his pajamas. He pops two pills from the container waiting for him on the bedside table, downing them dry with a scowl. Everything hurts.
“I’ll text you later.” John says as he stares at a stumped looking Sherlock. He turns and walks away with Rosie in his arms.
Thank you so much for taking this journey with me. This story is especially personal to me; like Sherlock in this story, I too lost a father to dementia — as well as a sibling. In fact, William is quite similar here to my own father, and some anecdotes about him and Sherlock are actually borrowed from our own family's story.
“We talked,” Sherlock says coolly. But John, ever loyal John, can’t help a huff. Mycroft looks between the two of them like an eagle honing in on its prey.
David looks like he just mined the vein of gold he’s been hacking at for months. His eyes widen in surprise, finally following Sherlock’s logic. He turns to look at John.
And suddenly David is close, so close, and Sherlock’s mind swims- drowns - with the onslaught of David's familiar scent as it fills his nostrils, his lungs. It was only ever just the two of them in Gaza for so long, never knowing if and when they’ll be discovered or rescued from one minute to the next. The electricity would go out for hours on end in the city, and they had to survive the warm, endless nights in pitch darkness. It was all they could do to not lose their minds.
“Yes. Think back to all those ISIS videos. Foreigners in general and POWs especially are highly valuable—what’s the point of keeping them a secret?”
There is nothing more frightening to Sherlock than the sight of John Watson stomping off with a promise of 'fixing it'. John isn’t
He reads the email quickly, wordlessly; there’s a paragraph ending with a link, a photograph of the necklace, and an apology. After a short glance at the Facebook group she’d sent him to, he straightens ominously in his chair, his body humming with a hint of dread.
He stops for a moment to gather his thoughts, scrambling around now that he finally has a chance to talk, really talk, with Sherlock. This isn’t how he imagined their interaction upon Sherlock’s return; he’d expected a visit to Baker Street with Rosie, or maybe being called off on a case at a moment’s notice.
“Alright, alright,” he says, rubbing his hands on his thighs nervously, leaning into Sherlock’s space. “Let’s start over.” He smiles nervously. “It’s good to see you.”
Mycroft and Sherlock turn to look at the lines produced by the machine, the results of David’s test. The graph is flat, and there seems to be no indication that David is lying. Mycroft looks at Sherlock with a keen eye, but doesn’t say a word.
So far, there hasn't been any updates. The camera crews are now reporting for the tarmac of an air base. John swallows nervously. Mycroft was evasive in his description of Sherlock’s condition. Was he in Afghanistan? He certainly spent some time in the Middle East, possibly Gaza. What was his role, doing the legwork or directing others?
“I’m sorry I disappeared like that,” David says. “They called me back to Intel HQ, had some more questions—” “You don't have to explain where you were,” she says tightly. “It’s none of my business anymore.”
“What was the argument James so badly misread about?” Lestrade asks and if Alexander seemed caught out by the questions so far, he now looks as if he realizes he just dug his own grave.
“Hiya, Gem!” Mary says, her attention drawn from searching through the supply cupboard in her office. “Alright?”
“Yes.” Sherlock clears his throat. His next words are slow, calculated. “She thinks she might have a lead on who the necklace belonged to, after all.”
“Of course,” Edwin says. “We’re doing everything we can to prevent it from happening again and also, hopefully, bring those responsible for it to justice. That’s why I think you’ll appreciate being called here today. Do sit down.”
He scowls, her words rousing him from forty-five minutes worth of staring at nothing out the window. “You wanted me to babyproof.”
He stops by 221A to say hello to Mrs. Hudson, stalling for time. After a while, he goes up the stairs, opens the door quietly.
A sudden dizziness strikes him, as he realizes how quickly the grief and anger have turned into excitement at the prospect of seeing Sherlock. If John were a smart man, he would ignore every mention of Sherlock Holmes and forget that he ever existed. He cannot go through that again, he cannot hope again. Yet John is never very smart when it comes to Sherlock. The man is like a black hole, pulling John far too strongly with his gravitational field.
“Nothing was stolen. The place is empty since they don’t seem to live there most of the year.” Lestrade says.
it get you, Major? My understanding is that you’ve not been very cooperative.” Sherlock says. “Why don’t you tell me what happened?”
“They’re going to extend Mira’s fill-in contract.” She says. “So I can start in the Hanwell surgery as early as next week.”
Sherlock nods in agreement. “I suspected that yesterday when we were at the mortuary but now the scans make it quite clear.”
“Yeah?” John asks in relief. He’s been working on this speech for a while, so anxious about Sherlock’s response to it.
Lottie, just like his very own mother, is uncomfortable with technology. “Hello! Mr. Holmes? Why isn’t this…” she calls loudly, deftly. “How do I… Jerry, come fix this!”
“He is,” David says. “He prayed outside the room they had me locked in. I used to watch him through a crack under the door.”
“Mr. Calvert, I suggest that you find yourself a good lawyer. I also forbid you from you reaching out to and contacting Gabriel in any way, shape, or form until further notice. You
“Oh,” Sherlock frowns, pressing his eyes back against the microscope viewer. “I know nothing about Harry and his collection of oriental sex toys.”
“Y..yeah.” Lestrade says carefully as he reads. “He was found by a maintenance crew in a room in a hotel near Paddington Station. Checked in on Monday night, was found earlier this morning. His ex-husband reported him missing. There was a body next to him in bed.”
John would like to think their reaction means they didn’t hear them last night. That’s the story he’s sticking with right now and probably forever. He smiles at them defiantly, wordlessly.
“You are if you ever want to see your baby. If you want to remain alive. If you somehow care if I remain alive.” Sherlock says coolly. “Whatever it is you say, you better make it good. If you think she wouldn’t be able to tell that you’ve been fucking half of London you’re sorely mistaken.”
Sherlock goes up to 221B after tea, mentioning he needs to get ready to meet a guest. John knows by now that if Sherlock doesn’t mention whether it’s a client or not, it probably isn’t. He follows in Sherlock’s footsteps after a while and sits down to read a book with Rosie in the sitting room when said guest arrives.
“To be perfectly honest, Mr. Holmes, I think my colleague's real purpose in inviting you is to test the waters and see if you might be interested in joining as a full-time Professor in his faculty.”
A long, sparse road sprawls ahead, winding in the distance. Driving along the Dorset coastline, they've left Bridgeport Harbour behind. On this bright, cold winter day, the normally golden sand seems gray, and the late afternoon sunlight shimmers over the waves. Earlier, they'd left the small-town police station and stopped for lunch. John did most of the eating, as usual. Sherlock’s digestive system is still entangled with the complexities of a healing gunshot wound, his dark mood, and his normal lack of appetite.
"If you want to tell yourself that so you can leave with a clear conscience, you can. But you're wrong."
"Correct me if I’m wrong, Mr. Felig,” John says nervously, looking at his hands. “But you strike me as a man who rarely finds himself without… leverage."
.” He whispers to himself in disbelief, as if Sherlock just suggested that aliens have taken over 10 Downing St.
David exhales nervously, then takes a deep breath. "I can try," he says, looking down at his hands. “Are you going to torture him?”
He presses his lips together instinctively; a helpless nervous tic in the fight against the itch in his eyes and the burning in his throat. He turns to look at John over his shoulder, their eyes locked in wordless conversation.
Alexander Calvert is French. His accent isn’t thick, his English fluent. He’d probably been living in the UK for many years. He’s around John’s age; a fit and bulky man, around Lestrade’s height and build. He has brown hair, brown eyes, a short scruffy beard. He wouldn’t stand out in a crowd for any reason whatsoever.
Mrs. Holmes looks tired and resigned, her eyes red with tears. The mood is grim and the family members do not speak as they lay eyes on each other. John stands up, clears his throat and nods at them as they walk into Mr. Holmes’s room, closing the door behind them for privacy.
The flat looks as if Sherlock had left for a short trip to Barts not an hour ago. The only sign the man hadn’t really been here recently is a kitchen table devoid of an ongoing experiment.
“Now, we've all read your debrief from Germany, but it is our job to make sure we get every piece of information possible.” The Major says and nods around the table. “The purpose of this questioning is to help us in our ongoing fight against terror.”
“Yes.” Gabriel replies. “I’m a licensed psychotherapist. James is technically a hospital outpatient and as such I’m allowed to prescribe him certain medicine personally. It gives me a lot of freedom in adjusting doses in cases of quick and severe changes in patients' conditions.”
When Sherlock shakes his head, refusing to answer, John exhales in frustration and lets it go for now.
“As you wish,” Mycroft says and sits regally in his own chair. “As you can see, my brother is alive and well. I thought you might prefer to witness it yourself, seeing as you felt the need to rattle your gun around London in your search for him.”
He’d never meant to leave the wedding early. He was doing quite well until the realization about Mary’s pregnancy came to his mind, still riding the high of another case ending successfully. Sherlock had known right there and then what had to be done. He’d put on his coat, got into the car and left for Mycroft’s country house. It was time to go; he’d told Mycroft as much when he showed up on his brother’s doorstep. He’d demanded to leave, on his own terms this time, so that he couldn’t be blamed for creating any chaos in the baby’s life, in her father’s life.
“Yes, I tend to agree.” Mycroft says. “Abu Nazir is a politician’s politician, and he’s very familiar with the UK. He did study here, after all. I suspect that he knew that the UK, after resorting to nothing but peaceful assignments in Afghanistan, would not go after him there.”
Alexander moves swiftly and stands in front of Sherlock, as if ready to take a bullet in his stead.  Sherlock stands frozen with his hands up.
Sometime soon, he realized earlier as he stood over the body of an elderly woman, he’ll have to speak with John.
The next morning when John woke up, Sherlock was hunched over his microscope at the kitchen table. Though he was engrossed with his current findings, he listened to John's footsteps as he descended the stairs, one foot at a time.
“No, you most certainly are not, but there’s a young lady here who loves having you around. We don’t know each other that well yet and she might get uncomfortable having only me around.”
The woman blinks in surprise. “I thought it might be your family’s. Your mother’s, or… you have a sister, right? An older sister?”
John recognizes him from Sherlock’s files; Captain Evan Aldridge, the man who commanded the Farah compound on the night of the attack. Sherlock hadn’t exaggerated when he’d talked of a man still in need of recovery. The Captain looks, for the lack of a better description, like he’s been sleeping rough for a long while. He’s dirty and dour, relying on crutches as he walks.
The kettle boils, filling the flat with sounds of whistling steam and burbling water. Mary’s hushed whisper travels from her place on the sofa.
“Honestly, Mary,” he says. “This is beneath you. The man shot Magnussen for you. He sacrificed his career, his life, for you—”
“Did you tell him about yours?” John's voice is low and careful. “About your scars? About your first time away?”
“Well…” David scoffs. “I knew well enough that I hadn’t seen him in ages. I haven’t heard them mention his name for so long, and they never moved him to Gaza, I know that for sure. So I… assumed.”
. He’d wanted a little girl so badly, and there she was. The apple of his eye - never left his sight. She was perfect. So bright, right from the get-go. He used to stay up at night worried about having to give her hand on her wedding one day.”
Christopher Lyons is an intelligent if somewhat dour-looking client who’s been to Baker Street once before.
He calls for Italian. Sherlock’s comfort food; plenty of warm, filling carbohydrates. When he hangs up he finds James’ contact and rings.
, and he is, without a doubt, the original BAMF (warning: link contains Homeland S5 spoilers). So much that he wasn’t even supposed to be in this story, and yet here we are. If you’re a Homeland fan wondering where this story meets Saul and Carrie, I’ll say that in this universe Nicholas Brody never existed and Saul is an interim acting director because a certain David Estes was involved in an unfortunate arms deal together with a certain senator.
He wipes his face with a heavy hand as he looks at himself in the mirror; his hair unkempt, his contacts making his eyes red and tired.
Sherlock looks down at his knee, the sensation sobering. He shakes his head to get his thoughts in order as he prepares to speak. “What happened with Alison?”
“Will?” A voice is coming from behind them as they cross the small street. “Hey, Will! Oh, Sherlock!”
“I’ll take that as a yes.” John chuckles when he notices the man is utterly flustered. “The scruff and the... It’s... nice.”
“Hi.” She moves surprisingly fast for a heavily pregnant woman, covering her mouth in disbelief. “Hi, oh my god…”
“He owns a launderette in the neighbourhood of our safehouse. It’s a front for a foreign currency exchange, and he speaks up very quickly if you pay him enough. He has family in Afghanistan, a family connected with insurgent groups. They tell him things.”
“Plum.” He says, holding out a jam jar. Sherlock’s favourite. The plum enthusiast grabs the jar from his hand and the gesture is so
Frustrated, John looks to the side to see if anyone can hear them. This is a private conversation but they may as well have it now or they won’t have it at all.
Sherlock blinks as David slams the door to the car, sending him one last threatening glare as he pulls away. “You stay away from me, do you hear me?”
“What was that time like for you, John? It couldn’t have been simple. You were married. Had a baby on the way, if my calculations are correct.” John stares at the floor as David continues to talk. “Leaving your wife behind to treat a friend isn’t something one usually does. It must have put quite a strain on your relationship with her.”
Some of the supreme awkwardness that enveloped them over the past few months seemed to dissipate once they stepped out of the car heading for the police station this morning. The doctor had been in a great mood all day, calling Sherlock ‘amazing’ and ‘brilliant’ and throwing pleasant smiles his way.
“Sorry, who are you again?” John asks, hoping to catch up with the proceedings as Mrs. Hudson wordlessly takes over the tea making.
“Oh, you’re in this…?” David says and looks behind him. “Well, that’s quite a coincidence. Ian, right?”
Sherlock spends his nights on the stairs to the flat, awaiting a drunk John to appear.  When he does, Sherlock takes him up to his room. Some nights Sherlock smells the stench of cigarettes and the sweet scents of a woman’s perfume; other nights the scents are clearly a man’s cologne.
“He seems alright to me. Maybe he just doesn’t want to see you or somethin’, on account of waving a gun in his flat and whatnot.”
It’s Sherlock’s turn to nod at Mycroft who heads for the stairs. John takes a big breath before he speaks. He looks Sherlock squarely in the eyes as he does.
How very James Bond,” Mycroft says, standing up from the chair. “At any rate, while you’ve been bungling your way around this, I’ve managed to clear a way for your airlift from Mummy and Daddy’s to Appledore. It should take approximately fifteen minutes, as the crow flies.”
How did Sherlock not know about this? How didn’t Mary? He admits with a pang in his heart their oblivion was the reason he was interested in the first place.
“But of course he’ll have you believe he did it for me, for us,” Mary says, “and of course you’ll believe every word coming out of his mouth, no matter how much he lies. And yet I’m the one you don’t trust.”
When John can’t find a proper response, Sherlock continues in an ever quickening tirade, his voice growing louder and louder with every word. “You have a wife who could have chosen any other life for herself. You may question her methods, but she’s clearly chosen to spend it with you. So correct me if I’m wrong, doctor, but it seems to me that despite our deficiencies, mine and Mary’s, there are not one, but
“We did, yeah,” John says, clearing his throat. “But it’s only been me and her the entire weekend and I think she’s sick of seeing my face—”
“I thought I’d take the time to do some travelling while I’m there,” Sherlock explains. “There’s a hiking trail on the Austrian-Swiss border I thought I’d try. I heard about it last time I was there.”
Both their phones ping simultaneously, as they had done all day. Another update from Mycroft about Sherlock’s father’s condition. Considering Mycroft keeps texting, John can only assume that means Sherlock had been ignoring them.
For a very long moment, Sherlock’s eyes are clouded with something dark and heavy that John can’t decipher. He looks unseeing at John, and then at Rosie. Whatever it is he sees in the little girl in the pushchair, it seems to help him reach a decision.
