Steve swallowed and nodded. "As soon as I get home?"
Tony seemed to consider this a moment, head tilted and mouth pursed. "You're not wrong. No, it's more of an electronic brain. You can program it to do all sorts of stuff. Friday's kind of our personal…virtual right-hand gal. It's—" He stopped short and shook his head. "You don't need to worry about it. She's not here, and you're not going to meet her for a while, so…"
"They took advantage of a desperate situation," she said and cooed at the baby once more before she closed the small distance between her and Tony. "You want to hold her?"
"Hey," he said and nodded at Tony.
" Pepper cried from the phone, and Tony rolled his eyes and shook his head. "Think I'm good. But thanks."
"Can take the boy out of the forties," Tony mused and reached back to pat Steve's leg again. "What my suddenly bashful boy-toy is trying to say is that he knocked me up good without even trying, I have to carry it to term, and I'm like this for the rest of my life. Can we make you believe that? No. Are we ever going to change our story? No, because there's nothing to change. That's what happened. It sounds crazy, but really, no crazier than anything that's happened to us so far in our lives."
“Come on, Peter.” Stark said with a gruff voice, pushing off the frame and walking towards the limo outside, which grabbed attention of some people.
It was back at the Avenger Tower, well, one of the copious rooms -- Bruce's lab, to be exact. Parker was laying down on one of the hospital beds, in a comatose state. IV's were plugged into his arm, as well as a nasal cannula. Natasha was sitting by his bed side, holding his limp, cold hand. Worry and concern filled her face. Her eyes were red and puffy, as though she had been crying. Her face was pale, and her short, auburn hair was tied back in a small pony tail, though a few pieces fell in her face.
Eyes widening, he quickly shoved the inconvient red shirt back in the bag, praying that Aunt May didn’t know it was his suit. “Th-Thanks, Aunt May.” Her smile growing wider, as she watched her only nephew walk out the door.
/////
"Tony, don't talk with food in your mouth." Stark repeated in a higher falsetto, with, yep, you guessed, food still in his mouth.
"What do you want, Deadpool?" Peter basically sneered, not in the mood for Deadpool's bullshit.
He should be putting up more of a fight. But he was just so...
"Hey, Spidey, what's wrong? Are you hurt?" Wade fired questions suddenly, his voice laced with both concern and worry.
But Peter couldn't. I mean, he
"I've never been there, have you?"
The wind picked up even more and somehow pushed the teen, his back hitting the cold concrete. A bad feeling settled in his stomach but pushed it away.
Peter's attention immediately switched to her. Half of her body was a soft, pale, holding all the features of the most beautiful woman, while the other half was rotting and skeletal bones growing on the outside of her body. Long, blonde hair fell over her shoulders, her one blue eye shining brilliantly in the nonexistent light. "And I and Hel, the Goddess of Death." she spoke, her voice also gentle. It sent shivers down Peter's spine.
"Yeah, but—
"Yeah, no, that's how your pal describes you," Tony said as Steve pressed a kiss to his temple. "You can't steal that from him. That's completely unoriginal. It's like plagiarism. Don't plagiarize, Steve. It's tacky."
He nodded but didn't actually say what it was.
"Nay," Thor said as he crunched on more bacon. "You were but in the right place at the right time. She did not seek you out. You merely caught her attentions when you made your presence known to her."
Look, he'd met Tony at a party and hadn't had the foggiest idea of who he was. He'd been considering chucking it all in and telling Thor and Bucky and Sam that he was done for the night and was heading out — in fact, he was clear on his way over to telling them that — when he'd bumped into a short, lithe brunette in a hoodie trying to balance three cups of Sam Adams in his grasp. The beer had sloshed all over his sweatshirt, and the shorter man had said, "
"Do you still need me?" he asked, sounding like he very much wanted to leave. "Can I go?"
Tony went quiet, stuck for anything to say, and Esmeralda hummed her understanding.
Cap nodded. "Director Fury told me you and Howard didn't have the best relationship."
"I don't understand how or
"Don't want eternity if I don't have my family," he said with a shake of his head and folded his arms.
"You're so full of shit, Barton," Tony said and sat back in his chair, arms folded beneath his breasts, which seemed to draw Barton's attention to them.
Something sharp came over Natasha's face for only a moment before it was replaced once again by gentle concern.
Natasha shrugged at this. "Well, if the disembodied voice says so," she murmured in amusement and dropped her arms. "I'll be back later to check on you."
Esmeralda put her hands up in defense. "I mean you no harm. I promise. I'm just checking to see how you're getting along."
"Which was?"
Tony glanced up and scowled at him, which lasted only a second before a certain aroma hit his nose, and he glared at Steve and said, "No."
Barnes heaved out a breath. "Yeah," he croaked out after a moment. "I remember… Howard didn't give a shit about Steve. Thought he was a science project of his and nothing else. Not really."
Tony just nodded and slumped against him, closing his eyes and thinking that he was so lucky he had Steve. Steve had the market on comfy super-soldier shoulders to rest on.
"You modeled in Tokyo!" He grinned at Natasha, but the motion came off as sleazy. "Yeah, I saw those pics."
"Hey, it's either this or me thinking about the fact that Pepper just walked out of my life. I'd really rather not think about that one."
"I'm stuck in a close-fitting metal coffin with absolutely no power. Get me out of here."
"Language."
But Steve and Howard?
Are you telling me no one else in this room would want to try that bad boy out? And seriously— Look what I get to try it out with!"
He looked up just as Rhodey — evidently back from his hastily-arranged lunch with 'a friend' that was unquestionably a meet-up with Pepper — came into his line of sight, blocking the couch's view of the TV, and Olivia grumbled and bounced around, trying to see around him, before she finally said, "Unca Rhodey, tryin'a watch TV!"
"Do I have any other plans?" he asked, half as a joke and half in earnest because he really didn't
"Aren't you supposed to be on your own floor?" he muttered in response and sat down on the couch. "Where'd the other two go?"
"We're not smart enough to sense it," Steve said, mouth flat as Tony reached into the cabinet for the bread. "Hey, don't you want any bacon?"
Tony sat upright. "
"Yeah."
As Natasha swiped away at her phone like she was texting someone — probably that asshole Barton — he whipped out his phone and sent a text to Steve:
Steve just shrugged and set the baby on his shoulder, patting her back gently to burp her, and Tony rolled his eyes.
Tony was roused from his slumber by the sound of harsh voices arguing, and he moaned a little and, for some odd reason, immediately thought of his parents arguing once upon a time.
"What, why? Why tomorrow? Why not today?"
"Tony, come on," Steve said. "You're being a brat."
what gets me crying today?"
Steve heaved out a sigh and stood up. "I'm going to get a coffee. You want anything?"
under Hydra's control, he supposed he had to give the poor bastard the benefit of the doubt. He'd had untold numbers of occasions to murder both him and Steve over the course of the weekend, and so far as Tony knew, he hadn't tried a damned thing. Maybe he just wasn't programmed to go 'off' just yet, but he was pretty sure that wasn't how Hydra worked. Or it wasn't how they'd used the Winter Soldier, anyway. He was a brainwashed assassin with very little autonomy, not a sleeper agent. Or he didn't think he was a sleeper agent. Maybe he was? Maybe he was programmed so that, if he ever fell into SHIELD's or the Avengers' hands, he would wait until he was insulated in their confidence and then—
"I believe your bonded was the one that impregnated you, not me," Esmeralda muttered, and Tony opened his eyes and glared at her.
"Five minutes, J. Tell her we'll be down in five minutes," he said and got up on his knees, smacking at Steve to take position behind him. Steve made to follow, but he let out a breath of air and glanced up and said, "Is it important, JARVIS?"
"Pretty settled on the boy's name, from what I hear. And the girl's you can't agree on because you both want your mother's name first."
like you're happy. You
"Underneath? Not exactly. At heart—?"
, of all places!), but he knew that this camaraderie was not based solely on that. It was not based solely on what they could get from him. It wasn't even because he was Steve's other half and they had to humor Steve to stay in his good graces.
from all the shit we've been saying to each other? Haven't we been busting on each other the entire time?"
," he defended quickly but still kept the sketchbook close to his chest.
"Helen," Pepper replied, and Steve tried the name out silently on his tongue before he nodded again and took a deep breath then pulled himself away from the two and strode off to make dear, old Helen's day.
"No, it's not. It's…"
But Rhodey just rubbed his hands over his face before he looked Tony square in the eye. "Wait, let me get this straight. You were a
Sam stuck his hand out to him. "Pay up, man."
Steve merely blinked at him, and his jaw fell open as he tried to think of something — anything to ask—
that he's still alive. I don't— I mean, it's not like I can tell what he's thinking or feel any actual pain that he's in, but I can feel his presence or something. I can feel his— He's not dead. He's alive. I know it. I know he's alive."
it — or he felt something, anyway. But it was just… It was getting harder to be sure of that — to be sure of what he thought he knew. Maybe Barton or whoever it was they'd talked to hadn't used the word 'dead,' but surely they would have given notice if they'd found Steve
that showed up to reclaim her didn't seem surprised in any way to see me looking the way I used to look. There was no sort of surprise like, oh, yeah, I used to be a man once upon a time. It was just, oh, hey, there's the past version of my husband. Let me go kiss the shit out of him and then disappear into a wormhole."
"Huh?"
"If they're going in the order we think they're going in," he said and opened his eyes again, "then it's too late for us to stop them from taking the next target. We should have time to get to the third target before they hit it. We'll cut them off there." He looked over the assembled group and added, "You've got five minutes. Get what you need."
"No," Tony said and shooed him away.
Hill merely shrugged and picked up her drink. "I'm not," she said blandly and took a sip, and Tony couldn't tell if that implied that she already knew she found the image of two women fondling each other enticing or it hadn't done a thing for her.
Bucky, Steve noticed, stayed oddly quiet throughout the conversation, staring at his plate and pushing his food around without eating any of it.
"Still a sandwich I wouldn't have said 'no' to being in the middle of," Sam said, and Bucky gently fist-bumped him in agreement.
"You have 'em, too? One time, a dinosaur was chasin' me 'n' I couldn't get away from him fast enough and he scratched me with his claws."
"Well, it's the only thing we've got at the moment. Everything else is in the dishwasher."
Steve no doubt remembered their conversation from several weeks back where Tony had admitted that he
"No, dolly," Steve said and pulled her back just a little. "That's not for you."
But Thor just smiled in the warm and understanding way he had. "It is I that should apologize. I forget that you are not of a kind that is accustomed to living so long. You would find not joy in such a lengthened lifespan but misery, especially being separated from your bonded." He stepped away and motioned to the elegant woman checking her cuticles like she was bored. "It is why I asked the Goddess Esmeralda to come."
"Yeah."
Steve stared at him a moment then said, "You really hate this whole thing, don't you?"
The man sat back on the bed, his eyes concentrated on that little black glowing thing in his hand, and Steve tried to get a better look at it without being too obvious. Only Hydra had anything like that—
, but I just assumed it was a joke and I didn't really bother to pay attention to it after that, but is it— Are you trying to say— I mean—"
"Yep, that's me," he said and set his glass down. "Old and crotchety and single and childless."
"Did you ever think that
loved, and there was no question that this rambunctious ball of fire loved him. And it wasn't necessarily the way her eyes lit up when he walked into the room or when he cut her peanut butter and jelly sandwich up in to quarters. It was in the way she took for granted that
She hummed a little in amusement then said, "I cast the spell that gave him the form, but you, dear Captain, were the one to impregnate him. In that regard,
"Hmm…" Tony said and tried to figure out if
"Oh," she said, brightly, smiling. She turned to Tony, and she held her hand out and said, "I don't believe we've met. Ella Greenburg."
"Then, what is it?"
it is. You want your ladies to be happy?" He put his hands on Steve's shoulders and gave them a squeeze. "
"Yeah, big green? Here's the thing: I
"To him, they might as well be dead. He's a Brooklyn kid, Tony, from the first half of the 20th century. He probably spent as much time at the ball park as he spent at his home."
Steve frowned at this logic. "You call me 'old man' as a term of endearment."
time."
"Look, I know you think I'm going crazy, and I know you think this is partially because Pepper just walked out on me—"
"What was that, Miss Potts?"
Barnes shook his head. "Not anymore."
She nodded. "Good. Now, may I, or do you have some other asinine question you wish to ask? A trait you appear to have picked up from your bonded, I might add."
Steve just grinned and nodded at him. "Oh," he said, a little proud and a little mischievous, "there's cake."
"Uh...no," he said but wouldn't look Tony in the eye, and Tony leaned to the side somewhat like he was trying to meet Steve's line of sight.
"Thought it was our bedroom?"
Tony shot a pointed look at Steve. "He could have asked me."
set in my ways."
There was assorted laughter at that remark.
Tony nodded toward the table, and Steve went over and picked up the leather strap, and he fastened it to the hook on the collar and said, "Ordinarily, in a situation like this, I'd make you crawl up the steps—"
"Anyway," he said and turned back around. "Any more questions before we get started with our fun and educational class about how to shove a sack of potatoes out of your—"
“Goodbye, Tony.”
“Thanks, babe,” Tony says. He glances over his shoulder at Nat. “Don’t go soft on me now, Romanov. If your story checks out, I’ll need you up and running bright and early.”
Tony has seen Natasha win against him, when Steve was pulling his punches. He isn’t sure if Steve is pulling them now, though. He’s angry, and confused. Sweat darkens his temples, his eyes narrowed as he neatly sidesteps Widow’s foot, swings a hand around to catch her ankle. She hooks it, surprising him when she places her entire body weight in his hand, hanging briefly upside down and catching Clint in the liver with a well-placed jab. He doubles over, vomit splattering out of his mouth as he falls to his knees, and Natasha turns her attention to Steve. She tries to choke him out with her thighs, but Steve knows this move. He flips his body forward, tumbling her off of his shoulders and onto her feet as his foot comes down towards her. She redirects it with her forearm, coming in to break his nose with a quick strike. The base of her palm hits Steve’s nose with a sickening crunch, and then she’s dancing out of range again while he staggers back, his right arm swinging wildly.
Tony doesn’t black out, but he does go somewhere else for a while. He must, because he comes back into his body disoriented, vision blurred, ears ringing. He can feel Steve, sloppy wet and hot inside, and Tony moans helplessly and sways forward a little into Steve’s back.
“Shall I begin the Mind Riot protocol?” JARVIS asks delicately, and Loki freezes for a split second before tumbling back across the couch, eyes wide, hands splayed out in front of him as though trying to catch the escaping threads of himself, gather himself back into his body.
Steve wet his lips, glancing up at the ceiling as he tried to calm himself. He’d expected an interrogation, not…whatever this was. He was never sure how to handle Natasha being kind.
Bruce folds his arms across his chest. “So you didn’t ask him to stay.”
warning: Steve and Tony discuss the consent issues of their first encounter. it is resolved with no hurt feelings, but it is discussed. also there's more sexy times alluded to in here, but it is explicit consent. it's also not graphic, so imo also fine for sex-repulsed people, but ofc your mileage may vary.
"I was trying too hard," Steve says, shrugging. "Walking on eggshells. I was so busy trying to be a good soulmate, I forgot how to be who I am. I put a lot of pressure on you, in a way that was unfair. I can understand that now, even if I don’t agree with how you’ve decided to handle it."
"Leave me alone. I am a senior citizen."
“What do I smell like?” he asked, then flushed when Tony raised an questioning eyebrow. “To you.”
“What’s next on the list?”
Loki’s eyes flash with something covetous at that, and Tony grins at him, rummaging around in the drawer to pull out one of the stretchy silicone ones. He holds it between two fingers.
“When did I say that?” Steve interrupts, his heart starting up in his chest again, hopping along double-time. “When-”
“Well,” she said, slowly, in a way that was vaguely flirtatious, “you’ve been voted Sexiest Man Alive twice now: first in 1992 when you became the world’s youngest CEO of a Fortune 500 company in history, and then again in 2009, after you’d solidified yourself as Iron-Man and become the world’s first so-called superhero. But there was a lot of controversy the first time around, because that honour had never been given to someone with an undisclosed dynamic before. It had, in fact, been called Sexiest Alpha Alive since the award debuted in 1985. The first and only woman and omega to appear was in 1993, when Cindy Crawford and Richard Gere appeared as a couple. Then it went back to white alpha men. Denzel Washington was the first man of colour in ’96. Then we had Jude Law, the first beta, in ’04. Some people have called you a trailblazer, but there have also been people who’ve claimed that if you’re not an alpha, refusing to disclose your dynamic is cowardice.”
He’s alive. Day three of his third (Fifth? Sixth?) chance. How many times was it? He’s lost count.
“Huh, yep, there’s Senator Gillibrand with Godwin’s Law. Although not unwarranted. Fuck.” He swallows another spoonful of yoghurt. “Okay. Coulson can’t be on board with this shit. Buuut, he’s lost all jurisdiction. Fuckin’ Cap, this is all his fault. Being morally righteous is awesome when you don’t have to think about the consequences, huh?”
“I don’t need anything fancy,” Steve is saying, but Tony shakes his head.
“Because- because I’ve got tentacles, and I don’t-“
Tony hiccoughs a laugh. His fingers are clenched in Steve’s hair, flexing against the nape of his neck. He’s silhouetted against the sky, and that seems fitting, too. It’s how Steve is used to seeing him: above him, shining and glorious.
. Let inexplicable jealous anger boil up inside of him without ever talking to the man.
,” Tony snorted. “We’re not even out.”
Steve rubs two knuckles against his lips, thinking. Tony still won't look at him. He's running the hot water in the work sink, testing it. Steve watches him as he moves, methodically scrubbing the grease from his hands, pushing under the nail bed, pressing against the creased skin of his knuckles.
“This is a place of business! You can’t imprison civilians underneath SI’s New York HQ! That’s what SHIELD is for!” she’d told him.
Loki folds his arms over his chest, unimpressed. “You may lie to the archer, but know that you do not fool myself or your assassin. To what end, then, is the lie?”
“After you destroyed the very ground I stood on?” Loki hisses, body stiffening against Tony’s back, and Tony wraps a hand around the forearm draped over him in warning. “You speak as though you were innocent in my fall, when it was your incompetence that created the circumstances requiring my action.”
He walks over and picks up the soup, takes a taste. It’s warm and hearty, even if the prevailing flavours are mostly salt and pepper.
“Just eat,” Tony said gruffly, offering him another bite. Rogers laughed at him, but took the next few bites without complaint. After a few crackers, Tony pulled away and fetched a canteen. “Drink some water.”
“You winced,” Steve persists, stubborn as he’s ever been, and Tony can’t help but look up at him with a helplessly fond smile. Steve’s much taller than him like this. It’s strange, to have him look down so far. The workshop lights refract through the soft spikes of his hair as an aureole of light. He is, as always, stupidly handsome.
When Tony speaks, it’s like ripping off a band-aid. “Nico Minoru turned me into a merperson while trying to save my life. I’m half man, half Dream of the Fisherman’s Wife.”
Tony took one look at the expression on his face and laughed, smug and avaricious. “You are so high right now.”
“I’ve smelled blood.” His voice was rough, his accent skittering in long before this, but he couldn’t bring himself to stop. “Blood smells like iron, Tony, but iron doesn’t smell like blood. You smell like metal. Warm metal, and power.”
Steve’s organs are made of lead, painful and heavy poison within him. “I can be a mean sonuvabitch sometimes and I’m sorry.”
Steve grins and takes one of the long, gorgeous tendons of Tony’s neck between his teeth. God, but he’s wanted to do that for years.
“And say what?” Tony snaps. “That my hot, young, peak-of-human-perfection soulmate doesn’t want to fuck me? What are they gonna do about it? No one can make Steve want me. Even if they could, I wouldn’t…” His voice breaks a little, in the middle of the word. “I thought…I don’t understand.”
Steve feels his face heat as he punches in the door code. JARVIS lowers the music blaring from the speakers, and Tony smiles at him. It’s weak, but it’s there, and Steve grins back in relief.
“Guess I’m making you a new star, then, Sheriff.” Rogers’s smile was sheepish, and Tony glared him. “You’re a real piece of work, you know that?”
“Look at you two,” Nat says, shifting into a more comfortable position. The heavy chain that attaches her wrists to the table clinks gently. “So
Tony grins. “Uh huh.” He glances over at the photo. He’s a lot younger, here. Peak twink days. He’d been feeling himself when this cover came out. He looks pretty sexy. “I should do a re-shoot. I’d rock the silver fox look. Make it more daddy. What do you think?”
Tony glanced down and looked at the little sourpatch, lips pursed, eyes narrowed, a furrow formed between her brows. It was less a look of petulance and more a look of displeasure and disappointment, like Rhodey had made a choice she was thoroughly unimpressed with and did not approve of.
"Yeah, I think I know the type you're talking about. Clearly, those aren't any help for our case."
"I don't think that can happen," Steve murmured and made a sour face at pedestrians taking their time as he tried to make a right onto another street.
But Steve just shook his head and said, "He walked away. He saw me. He knew me. And he walked away."
Steve swung their hands a little. "So…dinner?"
"Well," she said with a light laugh, "I would need to seek his permission first."
"You really want it getting out that Tony Stark is now a woman?" Barton asked.
"Yeah, in theory, sure. It's a little different in practice. You know, when he's just there — just as Captain America — you think, 'Wow! I can't believe how awesome it is that this guy just rushes headlong into danger without blinking. God, he's so cool!' But when you actually care about the stupid bastard, it's less 'cool' and more, 'Can my heart take watching him pull this stupid shit again?'"
Tony made a face at that. "They're not going to make me wear frilly shit and get frilly drinks all night, are they? I mean, don't get me wrong. I'm totally intrigued by the idea of a girls' night, and I'd like to see how one really goes down, but they both know I'm still a guy, right?"
before you slap your giant meat-hooks all over a pregnant person's stomach."
He shrugged. "As best I can figure. We're talking almost two months and two fights ago."
Natasha and Barnes.
Steve made another strangled sound in the back of his throat. "Her fingers are just so small, though."
. Getting my hair done is
"He is," Tony said, pulling his mouth away from Steve's neck long enough to chime in.
One hand steadying the baby, Steve inadvertently reached up and rubbed his nipple to soothe a phantom pain that suddenly cropped up at the memory of that.
Peter helps with a small debate between Clint and someone new.
Peter grasped Aunt May's hand softly. "There's..." Aunt May halted. Clearing her throat, she tried again. "There's a le.." she gasped for air, "..tter for you.. in your ba--pack.."
He wore a simple, baggy sweatshirt -- the same one that Ben gifted him years ago, and a pair of sweatpants. Both of them were too large, though they seemed to fit just a week ago...
A Christmas Special!
{Breathe, Wade, breathe!!}
Tony tilted his head to the side. Oh, he was
Exiting out of Ned's messages, Peter clicked on the next number, which happened to be MJ's.
-----
It had been exactly one week and three days that the tiny teenager known as Peter Parker stayed at his aunt's place, and it was only one week and three days that he was being kicked out.
With that, the doors opened and Loki stepped out. Eyebrows still knitted together, he quickly followed after the demi-god, and, some might say, he walked with his head held high.
"The last known spot of where our guy is, was in this spot here, which is where MJ..." he trailed off. Barton coughed. "You know... Anyway, this whole area," he tried to zoom in even more, but when it didn't work he scoffed. "Damn it, Stark, fix your goddamn tech!"
language!"
idea sprouted.
Stark ran a hand through his hair. "What the actual, and excuse my language,
to find out now, even if it killed him. Which, unknowingly by him, it probably would. "Jarvis,"
Parker sighed. Maybe she was right.. Pursing his lips, he texted exactly what he texted Ned. ''
"Peter," she spoke as she bent down next to the boy. "What the hell happened?"
Seeing this, Flash only laughed louder and continued to kick everywhere. His legs, his stomach, chest, arms, face. Whimpering out, Peter tried his best to restrain himself. His Spidey Senses were tingling, telling him to move. To run. But Peter knew he couldn't do that.
Placing the needle and thread on his lap, the mercenary opened the packet and took out the wipe with his clothed hands. Facing Parker, Wade carefully cleaned the opened cuts, which earned a wince from the younger. "I'm sorry, baby boy.." he whispered under his breath. Peter's heart thumped against his rib cage, his eyes shut tightly as Wade picked up the needle. "I really wish I didn't have to do this."
Laughs echoed around the gym, mostly from Flash's team (who were now seating on the sidelines, probably due to Thompson's request -- because there was no way that Peter's team took them all down). Jacoby, however, was paying no bit of attention, to entranced in a sports magazine. "Any last words, Penis Parker?" Flash taunted.
"This isn't funny anymore," Peter tried once more, calling out to the space that was around him.
"Sorry, Mr. Peter." the voice replied.
"Excuse me." the woman spoke in a shocked tone.
"Peter, come on! I can't start cooking without you!" a voice called from outside the white, wooden door.
"I am afraid, this isn't your time." Hel addressed. "You shall not die yet, this isn't the time you shall travel away from Midgard."
To begin with, Wade and Tony never had the 'buddy-buddy' friendship thing. The only reason he was even mad at Stark was because he made Peter feel like he wouldn't be accepted for who is he. Though, Stark never did it on purpose, it still hurt Peter -- whether the older male realized he was doing it to begin with.
A text.
It was a normal morning for Ned, as normal as normal could get. Checking his phone, he looked at the broken phone screen, sighing as he saw that there were no notifications.
“S-Sorry, sir.”
“Damn, sass much?” Tony remarked, getting in the back of the limo, leaving the door open for the young boy. Pulling the door closed behind him, he sat down in front of Mr. Stark.
Peter nodded his head, unable to form the correct words. Holy shit, an actual
"You don't think I haven't tried that already?"
While doing this, Wanda was off making the cranberry sauce. Taking a fresh bag of cranberries, Wanda emptied them into a free saucepan. Pouring some sugar, lemon zest, and a small amount of water into the mix, the female placed the mixture onto a free stove burner. After increasing the heat, and stirring occasionally, they sauce was almost done. Finally, Maximoff added more sugar and salt and pepper. Setting the now finished food to the side, Wanda jumped to another project; corn. This was fairly easy, so it shouldn't take her long.
"Tony--"
. But there was nothing --
"Uh, um, a, uh,
Peter stopped dead in his tracks, eyes wide as he looked into the kitchen where his loving boyfriend, and part time merc, Deadpool was standing, his mask long and forgotten. "H-Happy Valentine's Da--"
"This was my favourite blanket growing up. It's the skin of an animal that Thor had hunted centuries ago. It is simply the most comfiest of materials." the black haired male smiled fondly, running his hands over the fur.
Not in front of these heroes.
Not even three minutes later, the older woman arrived in a black fuzzy sweater with white reindeer's in a printed line. Her hair was parted to the side, and she had a bag full of gifts in her hand. "When is the food going to be here?!" Wade called out theatrically, still on the floor. Peter gave up on trying to get him up, so, he just plopped down on the floor beside of him.
"Gladly," Steve grinned, pulling the hero close to his chest, his hands resting on Stark's hips. Tony's hands wrapped around Roger's neck once more, resting his head under the blond's chin. "I love you."
Grinning mischievously, Flash clapped his hands and looked around the students that were lined up against their own free will. "You know what time it is, bitches." he spoke once the coach was out of hearing distance. "Dodge ball time."
Stark groaned as he looked at the newly smashed chair. "Dammit, Thor."
"Hey, uh, Wanda?" Tony answered back in more of a question. "What's going on? What can't I find out?"
SPIDEY!! Holy shiitake mushrooms, you're awake!
Tony rolled his eyes, equally dramatically, "You're fine, Wilson. If there are any people starving, it's probably Steve, Peter, and when they arrive, Thor and Loki -- seeing they have faster metabolisms than you do." Deadpool resisted the urge to flip the old man off. He good and well was starving, and no billionaire was going to tell him he wasn't!
being hurt. "So, the weather, am I right?" It took all of Wade to not sigh audibly and face palm himself into next week.
"JARVIS, please turn off the lights." the AI followed his orders without a word. "Happy Christmas, Wade."
That's when it hit him. Why was he in different clothes? He was in his school clothes before, wasn't he? And where was his binder? Why wasn't he wearin -- Oh no.
"Woah there, Pete." Natasha said with slightly wide eyes. "Calm down, Pete -- Pete!" Natasha said louder, snapping Peter out of his self destructive thoughts. "Calm down," she frowned slightly. The green eyed assassin placed two sturdy hands onto his shaking shoulder.
got that?" the two gulped and nodded their heads, eyes widened slightly at the change of tone in Romanoff's demeanor. "And if any of disagree with what I'm about to tell you, and/or treat Peter differently after this, you are not welcomed here anymore, and no longer will be considered my family."
she paused.
The group sat in silence for a moment before Wade spoke up from his spot. Standing up, he walked over towards the hologram (that JARVIS so graciously pulled back up). Staring at the object with a hand on his hip, he devised a mental plan. The Avengers didn't even notice that he wasn't sitting anymore.
For those who say that Tony Stark did
Tears rolled down his cheeks as he shouted, begged, and cursed for someone to bring back his family -- his
TRIGGER WARNING: THE FOLLOWING CHAPTER CONTAINS THE MENTIONS OF SUICIDE/PAST SUICIDE TENDENCIES AND ABUSE. IF YOU ARE UNCOMFORTABLE WITH THESE KINDS OF THEMES, PLEASE EXIT THE CHAPTER AND KEEP SAFE. THANK YOU.
trying to lie to me, Peter.
The god rose an eyebrow, his eyes squinted and his lips pursed. "I know you and Loki have had problems in the past, but Loki has changed! Drastically if I may add. Loki has helped tremendously in the past couple of months, you should know this." Thor spoke quite angrily, though, Tony thought, he
Romanoff shook her head again, letting out a few more small laughs. "It's just your such an easy target, kid." she smiled before blinking a couple of times, then looking over at Peter. "But it's not what you did wrong, it's what I simply observed. Believe me, it took me a while to figure it out. The way you slouch over is a strong hint. Or the way that you pull at your shirt covering your chest area when you think no one is looking. Maybe it's the -- "
“Sure,” Tony says, forcing a smile.
Only Steve knows how much of a lie it is. Tony had spent fifteen minutes doing his makeup that morning, only to start crying and have to start over again. It was amazing, watching the little brush swipe over Tony’s olive skin, erasing the dark circles. He’d never had occasion to watch Tony put on makeup before, despite having his own done for the talk shows and whatnot. He wasn’t surprised, per se, but it was strangely intimate to watch Tony put on this smaller, more subtle kind of mask. The mask of being Tony Stark, lauded orator and public figure. Steve felt closer to him than he had in a long time, sitting on Tony’s bathroom counter and watching his friend erase the visual markers of grief from his handsome, weary face. It had made Steve want to hold him, and he’d reached out unthinking to brush his fingertips against the sharp line of Tony’s jaw. For a moment, he’d almost thought that Tony had felt it, but then he’d realised that Tony had stopped because he was crying. Even there, with no one to watch him, he did so silently. It was almost beautiful, the way he closed his eyes and let grief take him like a wave.
“Hey, look,” Tony says, gesturing to his completely wound-less torso. “I
We're almost done here, but the final chapter is...really long, tbh. Debating if I should split it into two? Let me know your thoughts on that. >___>''
“Tell me,” Tony demands, and Steve hitches a breath that breaks in the middle. “Tell me, baby, I want to hear how I make you feel.”
“Because you’re a masochist,” Steve says easily, setting the plexi sheet down. “The last shipment of balsa just came in. Where do you want it?”
“I absolutely have to clean up before I fly out,” Steve said, standing up with a wince and heading to the bathroom. “Damn.”
“What about the time we’ve spent together tells you I don’t like mess?”
“Not more important,” Tony interrupts, before Stephen can say something that will make Cap enter full Mother Hen Mode. “Just unavoidable. I committed to this, and the parade’s only a few hours. I can manage a few more hours.”
“C’n take more,” Steve slurs, and Tony releases one side and smacks him, watching the flesh bounce. It makes Steve clench deliciously around him, and so he does it again. And again.
Do better. Steve mouths the words as he walks out of the office, the door shut behind him with a near-silent snick. He turns them over as he waits for the elevator, watching the numbers tick over above the sleek grey doors. Do better.
“You never call me just to talk anymore,” Tony simpers, a small smile flickering over his face when Rhodey hangs up on him. “Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck. Where’s Steve?”
“You probably knew he and Sharon set up their little Halfway House for Second Chances, but I guess you didn’t know I got called in somewhat regularly to help Bucky out with his arm.” Tony sobers, reaching out blind until he catches a hand on Steve’s thigh. He rests it there, swiping his thumb back and forth. “I used to joke he’d get banged up just so I’d come out and see to it. But now, looking back, maybe there was a little truth in that. They were so isolated. And we all loved you, in our own ways.”
“Ask me,” Tony tells him.
Steve blanches. “That’s not what I meant,” he says, and Tony rolls his eyes.
When he walks onto the communal floor at eleven on the dot, the rest of the Avengers are already gathered. He finds the dining table laden with plates of eggs both scrambled and basted, bacon, waffles, toast, and various fruit-imbued pancakes. Steve is standing at the stove manning a pancake station while Clint washes his hands of batter, clearly having been in charge of making the pancake and waffle mix. Bruce is cutting cantaloupe and apples on the kitchen island in a clear bid to try to get something more than protein and starch into the team. Thor and Natasha are sitting at the table already, and Nat nods at him and holds out a huge mug of coffee as he approaches.
“Thank you,” Natasha says, dipping her head. She takes her hand back, and holds it out in perfect concert with Clint’s throw, catching the water bottle he’d sent careening her way. Loki’s head snaps around to track it, and his eyes meet Tony’s with mirthful heat. Tony waves at him, like a fucking idiot, and Loki positively leers at him.
Pepper is sitting in the sunken living room, bare feet tucked up beneath her on the couch. Her stilettoes sit next to her on the floor. Tony pads out to meet her, glancing behind him to see if Loki’s following. He doesn’t make noise if he doesn’t want to, a trait that Tony is familiar with and dislikes in equal measure. He’s fully dressed now, wearing dark trousers of an indeterminate colour and a soft looking green shirt, and Tony idly wonders if he’s actually naked underneath glamour or if he can truly magic himself in and out of any garment as easy as breathing.
A shorter chapter, mostly because I am a college student and classes are starting soon. My updates may, admittedly, become less prolific until December. I apologise in advance.
“I wanted to get him out of Nigeria. Or get to him in Nigeria. I had some contacts, but they didn’t pan out before Amora got to him.” She huffs a small laugh. “There’s a reason I was mostly a European operative. I can’t exactly infiltrate a NIA holding facility without being noticed.
It’s unnatural, for Tony to be left with a lack of words. Seeing it gives Steve a chill unlike anything he’s ever felt before.
"I woke up this morning suddenly healed and cast free, with a little card next to my bed addressed to you that said 'How's this for saving?' in dark, shiny green ink. No prints, just residual magic radiation. I don't suppose you'd know anything about that, Stark."
“No bacon for me.”
Loki smiles, sharp-edged. "Something like that."
“Who’s Bruce talking to?” Tony asks, sighing. He moves to test the water, unabashedly naked, and ignores Loki’s half-lidded eyes on him. Mostly.
Her expression sharpens. "Steve said that to you."
“I’m just saying, you know what’s coming, Tones. They’re already talking oversight. We’ve gotta get in front of this thing, and you need Ross on your side.”
“What do you think about it, huh J?”
“I am,” Steve says, and then he’s kissing Tony, pressing him up against the concrete and leaning down to lip gently at Tony’s mouth. He’s tentative at first, testing, and Tony freezes in bemused terror, fingers clenching reflexively around the meat of Steve’s biceps. Steve pulls back, eyes wild. “Tell me you want this, too. Tell me I wasn’t wrong.”
“This isn’t healthy,” she tells him.
“My God, Stark, what in the world?”
Steve lets out a broken-off moan, then bites his lip, flushing red all the way to his ears. Interesting reaction, that. Tony grins and bookmarks that for later.
“Dandan noodles,” Tony said, already digging in. “They’re really spicy.” He grinned, licking his lips. “I love Sichuan so much. Most of the food in the city is Cantonese, because that’s where the majority of the immigrant population comes from. What most Americans think of as Chinese food is incredibly limited. It’s like if everyone thought apple pies, fried curds, and corn dogs were the epitome of American cuisine because all the restaurants were State Fair theme. Well, that’s not fair. Cantonese food is actually pretty healthy, and definitely better than corn dogs. Sichuan is the spicy, oily stuff. But damn is it good.”
“I think we’re done for the day,” Steve tells him. He taps as much into his skin.
“Yes,” Steve admits, so straightforward that Tony’s caught between the desire to laugh and an unexpected swell of emotion emanating from behind the reactor casing. Steve leans in again, nosing gently along his brow. “God, I never want to leave this bed.” His voice sounds wrecked, and Tony swallows, suddenly much more awake. “You look…”
“Er,” she says. She straightens, takes a deep breath. “If you can hear me, Captain America, sir, I’ve set the monitor up so you can keep abreast of Iron Man’s mission.”
“I think I have a really bad feeling about the fact that JARVIS has been searching since I woke up this morning and still has no idea where he is, and apparently there was a prison break from a superprison that we didn’t even know about last night.” Tony points back down the hallway, agitated and fidgety with it. “Did you see the names on that list, Rhodey? I’ve put some of them away and I didn’t even know where I was sending them. And I hadn’t even heard of some of those guys. What were they locked away for? Did they even get a trial?”
“What does it mean that your mark hurts now?” Thor asked, voice low and aching, and
Touch. Tap. Touch. Tap.
“Did you think I’d leave you out there?” Tony asked. Rogers didn’t say anything, simply pressed the cold tip of his nose behind Tony’s ear. “Steve.” He was testing, a little, but also helpless to Rogers’ insistent warmth.
“I understood that reference,” he jokes, and Tony takes a breath.
“Captain,” JARVIS said, and Steve’s vision swum clear, until he found himself stalled at the heat room door.
“For when your hearing aids aren’t in,” Tony had said, shrugging. “You can make the flashlight strobe, too, if you want. I added some settings.”
“You might have tried saying: we should remain apart until my curse is broken,” Strange deadpans. “Or, maybe: I have been cursed-”
“Like I got run over by a tank,” Steve says wryly, swinging his legs over the side of the bed. “Not mad at me anymore, huh?”
?” Stark said, blinking, and Steve turned to stare at him. “Oh my god, I was right!”
“Yes, say what you really think,” Steve says wryly. He’d be offended, but he knows Reed doesn’t mean anything by it.
“Isn’t high school Tony twelve?” Steve asks, sounding a little horrified.
“Well, that’s not good,” Steve deadpans.
He pushes past Bruce without speaking, stumbling a little. Bruce makes an aborted sound, tries to catch at Tony’s arm, but Tony’s better at hand-to-hand combat than Bruce is. Bruce is a scientist, and the Hulk has always gotten by through brute force. He doesn’t know anything about how to use his soft, human body to hold someone who is trying to evade his grasp.
has gotten some civilians killed. Also, uh. It’s. God, this is embarrassing, but it turns out that Steve has feelings for me, so. Consent is getting a little…grey, and I’d really like to not have that be a problem. Anymore. Or, ever. Um.”
Tony frowns. “Well. Mine, I guess.”
“I am going to shower,” Thor interrupts, grinning. “It seems it may be a while yet before a choice is made.”
“We can do this,” Steve promises. “Together.”
Because, what, they’re…both men? That Steve hit him because he didn’t love him enough, didn’t love him the way he would love a woman?
“How?”
“What about SHIELD?” Mattis asks, but Coulson shakes his head.
It’s near-silent, down here. The lights are relatively low, motion-activated. He wonders how Natasha will feel, all alone in the earth behind mirrored glass. He’s always hated being alone with mirrors, especially in the dark, at night. He’s sure Nat would have a lot to say about that, though: something about his own self-hatred, maybe.
“How’s the team doing?”
It doesn’t help that Steve still can’t always control his ability to touch. Touching Tony takes effort. It’s exhausting. He feels as wrung out as Tony looks. He wishes he felt more rested after he sleeps. There is nothing more excruciating than watching Tony’s face fall when he calls for Steve and receives no answer. Once, it took Steve nearly an hour to manage it, and in the interim Tony hadn’t even cried. He’d simply shut down. His entire body had stilled. The only motion he seemed to be able to make was his mouth, murmuring Steve’s name. Calling for him. Begging.
“Not funny! That wasn’t funny when you first did it years ago, and it’s definitely not funny now.”
“You’ll find that I can, actually,” Loki says, but he sounds more tired than anything. “This morning you were ready to fall into my arms with thanks for having a corrupt man removed from a position of power. Now you wish to punish me for killing someone who sought to end your life, and that of your family? Ms. Potts? Your dear Captain?”
Steve eventually shows back up at the garage to work, watching Tony with a calculating expression that makes him unaccountably nervous. He tries to strike a good balance between coy flirtation and genuine exhaustion, but he doesn’t think he manages it. Worse, he catches Beth whispering furiously at Steve later while the man looks equal parts embarrassed and indignant. They both stop talking immediately, but Tony knows exactly what that’s about.
Tony can’t stop laughing, now that he’s started. Steve looks bewildered, and he knows he’s being rude, but Tony can’t help it. He can’t stop.
“Better,” War Machine mutters.
There wasn’t much info on whether or not transnatured individuals could bond. Steve knew that HRT made most people who went through it infertile, although some trans alphas who stopped taking alpha-hormone early enough could still get pregnant, or store viable eggs. As far as Steve could tell, Tony had been read as an alpha at least as early as his days in boarding school, which meant when he was still a kid. He’d definitely been on alpha-hormone too long for that to be an option.
“You don’t think that’s what happened,” he says.
“Please don’t,” Tony says. His voice breaks on the second word. It’s the last thing he says to Steve before he leaves the room.
“If you can return to the roof, our ally can offer assistance.”
When Tony arrives back at the penthouse, he finds Loki curled up in the corner of his couch. It’s later than he’d wanted it to be, but admittedly not more than he’d expected. Anytime he was on the hill it was a free for all. JARVIS and Pepper conspired to sign him up for every possible meeting and dinner and handshake they could wrestle from his exhausted body, and while he usually fought such things tooth and nail, this time he’d played perfect. The situation, unfortunately, warranted it.
“We will find him. Tony is stubborn, and smart, and unstoppable when he sets his mind to something. Tony will be fine.”
“Where are you?” Steve demands.
“Clint,” Natasha says, but it’s more resigned than anything. Clint shrugs, insouciant as ever.
It takes less than twenty four hours for Pepper to corner him, right after a meeting with the Amateur Astronomers’ Association of New York. Probably because he’s desperate enough to agree to a meeting with the Amateur Astronomers’ Association of New York. In his defence, they were surprisingly pretty awesome, but then they were nerds with telescopes dedicated to public education. That was kind of hard to hate, no matter how cynical of an asshole he was.
Tony comes back to himself in pieces. He’s out over the open ocean, the sun glimmering off of the waves in bright sparkles of golden light. It’s early afternoon, bright and beautiful. There’s not a cloud in the sky.
Steve doesn’t touch him for days after, too horrified at his own lack of self-control. It’s everything he’d feared. Tony, for his part, throws himself headfirst into his work. He perfects a new cloaking technology, although what makes it superior to the already unbelievable stuff Tony had before Steve doesn’t know. Eventually he pushes out so many prototypes to R&D that Pepper comes looking for him. She takes one look at him and, without a word regarding his condition, spends a whole two hours watching a silly animated film called
. Rhodes is your military liaison. Pepper is your CEO. Happy is SI’s head of security. You tried to give me a lab. So it’s difficult for you to imagine that maybe being Sight Bonded to you isn’t a burden for Steve, but something he’s always wanted; a dream come true that he’s terrified of ruining more than he already thinks he has.”
,” Tony groans, and Steve responds in kind. He pulls his mouth away with a slick sound that makes all the hair on Tony’s body stand on end.
Steve laughs shakily. He rubs his hands over his head. “This is a really important mission, Franklin. Only you can do it. You’d really be helping me out.”
"Can I offer you a drink?"
Tony opens his mouth, then closes it again. He takes a shaking breath, like he’s bracing himself.
“You’re an asshole, Captain Avoidance!” Tony calls, but the video cuts out. He sighs and flops back down to the sofa.
“Well, because-” Steve sucks in a breath. He puts his spoon his mouth, and for a moment, they both eat in silence while he does his best to get his thoughts together. He gets like this sometimes, Tony’s noticed. Sometimes Steve needs to work something out in his brain before he comes out with something whole and true. It’s the opposite of Tony, who mostly speaks until he figures out what he’s trying to say. Steve would rather clam up and then say it all once, perfectly. He only really gets into trouble when he rushes himself.
“I wanted to be able to give that to you, because you’re unbelievably gorgeous, and sweet, and you looked so happy just to have your hands on me. Touching me. Holding me up.” Steve swallows, throat clicking, and Tony presses an open-mouthed kiss to the shell of his ear. “Submission is a gift, and the curse cheapened that gift. But I wanted to submit to you, Steve. I lied to you, to try to protect myself. I love orders in the bedroom, giving or receiving. I love giving myself over to a lover, letting them use me as they desire. I love taking a lover apart in my hands, gifting them pleasure after pleasure until they can’t breathe with wanting-”
“You flatter me,” Tony deadpans, and Steve grins at him. “However shall I resist such charm?”
“Tony,” Steve says, gaping at him. “Is that really what you think of me?”
Tony nods, before realising that Rhodey can’t see it. “And Barnes?”
He glances down at the skirt of tentacles that currently make up the lower half of his body, and a frisson of heat shimmers up his spine. They’re a beautiful, deep carnelian red. Tiny chromatophores of darker bloody scarlet and brilliant, bio-luminescent gold dot the landscape of slick skin like freckles, able to shift in pattern and shade if he tries hard enough. Bone white suckers line the underside in perfect rows, gleaming and thickly muscled, bluish in the shadows of their folds.
Loki looks down and pulls away. “Rub your wounds in the face of the captain’s guilt, will you? That’s not very heroic, Stark.”
“Hey, Tony. You wake up late too?”
Steve nodded deeply, telegraphing more so that Clint could see him in the dark. A quiet grunt of affirmation was the only response, and Steve climbed into bed behind him feeling only vaguely awkward. He’d slept in much closer quarters than this, and he and Clint were friends. He was fine. This was fine.
“I do not mean sexual intercourse on its own,” JARVIS says, and Steve blinks. He can count the number of times he’s witnessed JARVIS interrupt someone who wasn’t Tony on one hand. “I cannot understand the draw, or rather, the need for, touch. I would say human touch, but of course we are no longer trading in just humans anymore. Still, Sir is a human, so I will say that human beings have been proven to require physical interaction with other human beings, in order to appropriately function. Preliminary research would show this extends to other humanoid beings, as well, but the fact remains that this is a metric I cannot measure with the same accuracy as sexual desire or happiness simply by examining behaviours and speech patterns and microexpressions. I cannot measure skin hunger, as it has been called. I can only know when Sir is unhappy, and when he is happy, and extrapolate from there.”
Steve closed his eyes, imagining Clint or Pepper’s scent stealing into their space. To his own surprise, a rumbling growl crawled out of his chest, and Tony let out a bark of laughter.
“I did not intend to overstep,” Loki says, slowly. He sounds wary, but Tony ignores this in favour of a quick scrub down, running the soap over his body with efficiency. He’d wanted a shower to calm himself down, to centre himself before heading out to battle again. Clearly the universe had no intention of letting that happen.
It’s time to see what Stephen Strange has to say.
“Didn’t know you knew that phrase, grandpa-”
“Yes,” Tony grumbles. “Yes, JARVIS, I would.”
“You’d think a year would be enough of a honeymoon period,” Bruce mused, but he was doing a bad job of hiding his laughter. “Tony, if you miss another meeting because of sex, Pepper will make sure you’re never able to miss a meeting because of sex again.”
“Stop that,” Steve tells him, and Evan laughs a little, sheepishly. “We haven’t met, have we, Evan? Steve Rogers.”
“Shh,” Tony murmured, and his knot was releasing. Steve could feel it, the wetness dripping down his skin. “I have you.”
There was something Steve knew that none of the rest of the team did, not even Bruce. It was something he and Tony had decided not to tell anyone, because it would complicate the narrative of their lives in a way neither of them felt was necessary. They wanted to be together. They loved each other. They were in it for the long haul, no matter what. And maybe, there was a part of them that knew that they’d been irresponsible. Nobody liked getting scolded by Pepper or Bruce, the ribbing comments sure to come from Clint, the judgmental eyebrow from Natasha. They wanted the team to be happy for them in that uncomplicated way that only a pack could be with a mated pair leading them. They wanted to give that to them, and so they had.
“Don’t worry your pretty blonde head about it,” Tony says, and Steve can feel the back of his neck heating. He knows Tony says things like that all the time. He doesn’t mean anything by it; you don’t call alphas pretty. But still, even the hint that Tony might find any part of him appealing hits something deep in him. His heart kicks in his chest. “Here, come lift this for me.”
“Oh boy,” Rhodey says, turning away. Tony can see Cap stiffen, his steps hitching for half a second before he shakes his head, keeps walking. “I’m not touching that one.”
“Seven dead.”
“Do you think that
“T minus 18 days, sir.”
“You don’t like feeling like an obligation?”
He nods, taking that in stride as well. “I don’t always make Tony happy.”
“Okay, Tony,” Steve says, visibly disappointed. He turns and sucks a painful bruise into Tony’s thigh, a low growl building in his throat. “The things I want to do to you.”
“Tony,” Steve said, less shocked than he ought to be after knowing Tony for years. “You can’t go to a meeting smelling like-“
Steve rolls his eyes, wanting to savour the mead, but obligingly drains his glass. He takes a little Yamazaki for himself before Clint chugs all of it. “I don’t know what you want me to say,” he says, mulish.
. He ambles towards the bathroom and starts the water running.
“Unfortunately,” Loki says, a grimace spreading across his face, “he will get his wish. I cannot be seen on the battlefield, and Amora knows my magic like no other.”
“She’s gonna destroy those machines regardless. May as well pull him out.” He tips his head to the side, thinking. “But I don’t know what that magic shit around him is doing.”
When Tony was younger, he’d had horrible migraines.
Sorry for the later update, I got caught up in my Potterlock fic, which has been languishing untouched due to technical issues for over a year. We’re back on track there, though, so if Sherlock or Johnlock or magical mysteries are your thing, you should check it out. (/plug)
“See that you do,” Tony huffs. He glances at the bathroom door, and Loki sighs.
“Depends on how you react to the rest of my story I suppose,” Tony says. He’s carefully nonchalant, and Steve braces himself for whatever doozy of a sentence he’s about to be subjected to. “My father caught me in bed with the beta son of a competitor.”
“No,” Steve says, shaking his head. “Even when I was a little guy, I was a brawler, Tony. You know that. I know you know that.”
He shouldn’t sleep with Steve again while he’s like this. It isn’t fair to either of them.
“King Arthur doesn’t even
Steve bows his head over his folded hands. A fat teardrop lands on his knitted fingers, but that’s alright. For the first time since he was a child, he actually feels like he’s been washed clean through confession.
“How do you wanna do this?” Tony asks, and Loki stills, glancing up at him from between his lashes. He grins wickedly, fingers still touching Tony everywhere and yet maddeningly avoiding the places Tony wishes to be touched most.
“Yeah?”
“Good ol’ J. ETA?”
It had been a stupid way to die, was the thing.
Tony swipes over to video. He presses record, then pulls out entirely and films Steve’s desperately winking hole. He wriggles his tentacle for effect, then rests the very tip at Steve’s entrance.
, what-”
“Listen to me you mouthy little shit,” Tony said, and Steve let out a surprised bubble of wet laughter at the familiar fond disparagement. “I love you so fucking much, you hear me? I love having you in my life, and I love being bonded to you. Tell me you hear me.”
“Am I awake right now?”
Tony turns to look at Reed with a glare that could peel paint off of a spaceship. Reed unabashedly puts his finger in his mouth, nodding at whatever he tastes.
Natasha nurses her drink, considering him carefully. “You could abort the mission,” she deadpans, and Tony chuckles.
The woman looks even more confused, and Tony extends a hand. “Iron-Man, aka Tony Stark: genius, billionaire, superhero, king of the castle. And you are?”
Steve sighs, glancing at his bicep to check the time on his StarkPhone and then over at a passing street sign. “What about an opinion, based on the data you have?” he tries. “Also, let me know when I should turn around to get to Pershing by seven, if you please.”
Tony nodded, tongue glued to the roof of his mouth. The laugh that Rogers loosed was low, knowing.
What he remembers most now is how furious she always seemed at the start of one. It was as if her body was a creature separate from her mind, and it had betrayed her once again.
Pepper shakes her head. “Look, the fact of the matter is your position is incredibly tenuous right now, Tony. The media – for the most part – likes you. The president likes you. General opinion polls are good. But what if the situation had been worse in Lagos? The international community is where you’re weakest right now. There hasn’t been war on American soil in a long time; it’s easy for the American public to forgive us for our past. But you can be sure other countries remember the Stark legacy better.”
“Yeah.”
Steve laughs, bright blue eyes skittering over to Tony. They’re crinkled with a familiar kind of grin, the kind of grin that always ends in Tony and Steve doing something that SHIELD or Pepper will yell at them for, later.
"With regards to pack alpha-"
“For everything.”
Tony’s startled laugh rumbled pleasantly through him, pressed together as they were, and it settled Steve a little to feel it. “You’re right, I’m sorry, you did say that, didn’t you? Then why are you crying, baby? Hmm?”
“We’re heading back to the tower,” Tony says. “JARVIS?”
“It’s director,” he says mildly, but his expression is determined, and Tony nods at him. Then he turns to Maria.
The door clicks heavily, then decompresses with a hiss. It slides out, then to the side, opening to reveal Natasha. She glances up, eyes flicking between them. The corner of her mouth kicks up in a smile.
