Secondly, this next chapter ended up a lot angstier than I planned - and is also basically the reason I took so long to update. I realised pretty quickly that I was going to have to actually go into Jack and Dean's relationship and OH MY GOSH was that a challenge. This chapter genuinely went through about 5 drafts and I'm still not really happy with how it turned out, but it's been literal months so I'm just going to post it anyway. Don't worry though, the story gets lighter again in later chapters, and there's lots of wholesome fluff and family bonding later on!
“I like baking,” said Jack, thoughtfully. “It’s nice to do something that makes other people happy. It’s nice to see people enjoy the things I make, and know that it was because of me.”
Or when Mr Brown said to his wife, without knowing Paddington was secretly listening in, that Paddington was a danger to the family.
So Dean watched as Jack concentrated, and used his grace to carefully dissolve all the spots away, until the mess had completely gone. Afterwards, he gave an exaggerated clap, as if Jack had performed some sort of impressive conjuring trick. He supposed, in a way, he had.
much, which concerned Jack slightly. At one point, when he was chasing Paddington and the Browns across a moving train, he even full-on cheered him on – at least until he saw the looks Cas and Jack were giving him and hastily apologised. But he seemed to be enjoying the movie, which made Jack happy. It was always hit-or-miss when it came to what movies Dean liked – he had some strong opinions.
“I… think so?” Jack said, vaguely. He was thinking about how Sam wouldn’t have had to make smoothies, if everything had gone to plan. They could have all had marmalade sandwiches. Instead, all there was was mess and an awkward atmosphere which meant Sam was super tired and Cas and Dean had fallen out.
“I don’t know. Just – when I’m bored, sometimes,” Dean said, defensively. “There was this columnist who wrote this thing about bonding with stroppy teenagers – I thought it might be useful for Claire, okay? And then I… I don’t know. I just liked the way they wrote. Got a problem with that?”
“Hey – Hey!” said Cas. “Breathe with me. It’s going to be fine. We’ll sort it out – I promise you the kitchen is
“Is that supposed to be another Paddington Bear hard stare?” Dean asked him. “Or have you just inherited Cas’s whole squinting thing?”
Cas didn’t answer. Instead, he picked up Jack’s glass and poured him another helping of smoothie. Dean frowned, brow wrinkling.
“And there aren’t any other ways to honour it?” Dean asked. “Apart from keeping it there, where it glares at me every morning and night? Couldn’t you just, you know, resurrect it?”
Jack stood, stock still, as Dean shoved the door open and stood, surveying the scene. For a moment, he looked like he was lost for words. “What – what. The hell. Happened?”
Cas seemed to have stopped giving Dean the cold shoulder by now – or at least, they were acting normal around Jack, though he couldn’t help noticing that Cas made a point of steadfastly defending Jack whenever Dean, or Sam as a matter-of-fact, said even the slightest thing against him. But Dean had been consistently nice to Jack over the last few days, deliberately so Jack thought. He probably didn’t want to risk getting on the wrong side of Cas again.
Jack took the marmalade off the shelf and had another look at it. He was pleased to have it, despite himself. Maybe he’d keep it there, above his bed. That way, whenever he felt too lonely, he could look at it and remember that Dean
“I told you he knew what he was doing,” said Cas. “To think you were complaining about Jack learning them!”
. It hung in the air between them, heavy and sour. Everything that had come before this stupid, petty row over Jack’s failed attempts at cooking and a messed-up kitchen. Because that wasn’t what this was about, not really.
Jack would have liked to believe him, but Cas had been wrong last time – about Dean not being mad. Cas must have understood the look on his face, because he added, very firmly,
But he knew it was his job, to smile and nod and make everything all right. It was the least he could do.
“I was literally God for a while -” Jack started; but Dean had already dashed out. Come to think of it, there was a rather strong smell of burning coming from the kitchen.
Before long, the kitchen was at least decently clean. There were still black burn marks on the wall; the counters were still slightly scratched where Dean had tried to scrape melted metal off them. But it looked much better than it had done the night before.
Jack thought about it. How Cas never got really, truly angry – just stern. How he never made him feel small, or unwanted – not even in the slightest. How he’d been willing to give up his entire life, just to save Jack’s. How he’d always just been there, caring about him, like it was automatic. Default.
Jack didn’t want to answer; but Dean was still lingering in the doorway, waiting. He didn’t look angry anymore. He looked like he really wanted to hear what Jack had to say.
“I did, didn’t I?” said Dean, looking suddenly very guilty at the memory. “Well, you know what? We’ll get new supplies. My treat. All right? We’re going to that big garden-centre for Cas’s bee stuff – I’m sure we can get hold of some marmalade-making stuff for you, too. They sell everything there.”
knew what she was doing when she gave him all those bee-keeping books. I should have known it would end in disaster.” He shook his head. Then he added, “Anyway, I’m driving him into town to get the stuff for it later. And we thought you might like to come along.”
“Oh, we’re all a little strange in our own way,” said Cas. “I think it’s one of the best things about people.”
“So,” said Dean when it was over. “That was the fictional bear to blame for all the chaos last week, huh? For your marmalade-making escapade and that Hard Stare of yours?”
He’d thought about the implications of it many times, even after Cas had come back. He’d tried not to let himself feel like Cas had died because of
“Do you think we should… check everything’s all right?” Eileen asked, wrinkling her nose at the smell.
“He won’t understand,” said Jack, in a very small voice. “He doesn’t like me – not really. He puts up with me, because he has to, because he doesn’t want to upset
Jack just put on his best mysterious look, gathered the ingredients up in his arms, and left for his room. Cas watched after him, slightly dotingly.
“All right, Dean,” said Cas, not even questioning it. Dean nodded, absent-mindedly bending back his fingers so far his knuckles cracked.
will. Hey, wouldn’t it be dumb if after everything, one of us died of being allergic to bee-stings? Or, actually, I wouldn’t put it past us to somehow get our hands on a batch of evil vampire gremlin bees, or -”
There was a silence as Dean looked at Jack, waiting for an answer. Jack knew he was supposed to speak; he knew it was his responsibility to; but he couldn’t get the words out.
“We tried to make it rainbow-coloured at first,” said Jack. “We mixed all the different dyes together! But it just made the water grey.” He pointed to another bucket in the corner. Dean had a peek inside and made a face. It looked like the inside of a person’s brain – unfortunately, he knew that from experience.
He focused on the water in front of him; concentrated, and used his grace to heat it up, just a wee bit more. Soon, it was bubbling nicely – perfect! He carried on focusing his powers until the bubbles got larger – water was meant to turn into gas at a certain temperature, but he managed to keep the molecules together just enough not to let the bubbles float off. He’d never seen bubbles so large, not made of water – almost as big as the oranges! It looked fascinating. For a moment he thought about getting Cas, just to show him – but this was meant to be a surprise.
“Yes.” Cas’s voice had also gone up in volume. It was tight; angry. “And that’s the problem, isn’t it?”
Dean waggled his eyebrows back at Cas; then turned to Jack. “That’s one way to describe it,” he said, and his voice was light. Jack felt himself relax.
“As for me,” said Dean, “I… I know I’m not always the best at showing it. I guess I’m still trying to figure it all out. I don’t know, maybe it’s still new to me – that whole unconditional love thing. Maybe I didn’t get enough of it when I was a kid myself. Maybe… I don’t know. But the point is, you’ll always be our kid. Whatever you do.”
“We’re lucky,” he managed to say. “Paddington Bear didn’t have angel powers. It must have been a lot harder for him to fix up the damage when he messed up.”
“I’m glad you see that,” said Cas, his voice still cool. “But I think you’re addressing it to the wrong person.” He put an arm around Jack’s shoulder. “Jack is right here, you know.”
He’d already emptied the bin-bag from the night before. He’d already cleaned all the bits of exploded oranges off the counters, and the ceiling, and the floor. Everything from Jack’s unfortunate attempt at making marmalade was gone. Everything except the fire damage, the really bad stuff.
“It means that no matter how sloppy your swiss rolls turn out… even if everything you bake is bad enough to make Gordon Ramsay rip out his own tongue, even if you burn the entire bunker down to ashes, it won’t matter to us. Not really. We might get angry sometimes, we might lose our tempers a bit – especially me – but it won’t make us stop caring about you. You don’t have to make us do that. You do understand that, don’t you?”
The flames roared; the water sizzled; the metal bounced; the oranges squelched. And then, eventually, there was silence: and Jack stood quietly in the middle of the kitchen, still as a statue, looking around, slightly awed, slightly panicked.
Jack waited for a few seconds; then tiptoed back towards the kitchen and hovered in front of the door, listening.
Dean made several copies of the photos. One of them, he sent to Claire – before Cas could stop him. She loved it almost as much as Dean did. Another one, he gave to Jack, who carried it around everywhere with him until it got crumpled and faded and he had to print a new one. Dean also kept a copy of the photo for himself. He pinned it on the wall of his room. Jack liked seeing it there, whenever he was in the room – right in the middle, amongst all Dean’s family photos.
Dean found the coat at a car boot sale, a few weeks later. He was trying to get hold of parts for the record player he’d started fixing up as a birthday present for Claire. But the moment he saw the coat, his eyes lit up.
Jack didn’t quite believe him, but he followed the recipe carefully. He placed all the oranges in, and turned on the pan to the highest setting.
It occurred to him that it had been quite a while and Dean hadn’t answered his question yet. His brows were furrowed; he looked slightly alarmed, like he’d been trapped in a corner he didn’t really want to be trapped in. Jack started to think that asking that question might have been a mistake. But he’d only been putting together the puzzle pieces. It had felt perfectly reasonable at the time.
“Oh, that’s fine!” said Dean. “It’ll still taste the same, right? Who cares if it looks a bit sloppy?”
Jack knew that he should nod, and smile, and make everything be okay. Then Cas and Dean would be friends again; then everything would be forgotten, back to how it was. And he wanted to do it – make himself smile, act like everything was fine. It was his duty, after all the mess he’d made.
“Maybe. Probably should.” Dean said, shortly. Then he added, “That’s just typical. You’re four years old, but you’re smarter about this shit than I am.”
Jack felt slightly lost too. He’d been flicking through Netflix for ages, trying to make up his mind. It was difficult when there were so many options – countless bright images of people or animals, photos or cartoons; all kinds of different genres and stories. He wasn’t really sure what he, himself, was into. He hadn’t grown up with any of the pop-culture knowledge that Sam or Dean seemed to have; didn’t have any of the wisdom that Castiel had. It was all just pictures to him.
“I…” Jack tried to get the words out; trailed off. Dean was still glaring at him, waiting for a response. Jack tried again. “I… I tried to use my powers. To make the temperature higher, so I could heat the marmalade more quickly. But I think I went too far above boiling point. I lost control a bit, and -”
“I didn’t mean it like that!” said Dean. “I just wanted to make it clear that it wasn’t acceptable behaviour. You know that.”
Jack took it from him – taking another look at his hands to make sure there really was no neon-purple dye on them – and put it on. It was slightly too big for him, and it was obvious that it was second-hand from how soft and baggy the material was. But it was snug, cosy and extremely warm. He liked the way it felt, to have it on, billlowing around him.
“Well,” said Cas, “You saw in the movie how it’s made – with lots of oranges and sugar, I believe, and not that much else. I’ve heard it’s very nice.”
Suddenly, Cas was standing in front of him again. “Jack and I can finish up here,” he said to Dean, and once again, his voice was cold. “You should go to bed. Get some sleep.”
“Maybe I should,” said Dean. “We haven’t really… got round to doing that yet. Talking. I haven’t had the guts. Silly, huh? Of
So they buried the stuffed owl, and its stern face with it. And Dean was happy to sit through all the various speeches and musical numbers Cas and Jack prepared, just knowing that was one particular Hard Stare he
Jack wasn’t sure what made him choose to click that particular movie. It was something about the little brown bear in the Netflix thumbnail: the way the bear just stood there, in some train station, all alone, a slightly lost look on his face: a sign around his neck saying, “Please look after this bear, thank you.”
“I can see that,” said Cas, eyes narrowed, slightly grumpily. But then he saw Jack’s face – he wasn’t saying anything, but it was clear that the idea of being a “matched set” appealed to him almost as much as Dean. Cas thawed slightly – he thought he could just about put up with being paraded about like some sort of pet poodle if it made
They did make marmalade together. Not that same evening, because, unfortunately, the first batch of bees they bought did turn turn out to be evil. Not vampire gremlin bees, thankfully – more like demon bees. This became apparent when the Impala suddenly stopped on the way back from town and began floating in mid-air, and the bees started shouting from inside the box in very clear English about how they’d been “trying to find a way to infiltrate those pesky Winchesters” ever since Jack and Dean had opened the Empty, thus allowing a few demonic souls to sneak out.
Cas looked up from his book when Jack came padding in. “Good morning,” he said, his voice as warm as it always was when he spoke to Jack - as if everything was completely fine and normal. “How’re you feeling?”
“He made a mistake,” said Cas. “Just like we all do. But the way you were just now? What you said? That wasn’t the Dean I respect, the Dean I… care for. That was cruel.”
Jack and Cas watched together, laughing at the funny, goofy bits, Cas watching anxiously for Jack’s reaction as Paddington ran away from home because he thought no-one wanted him, and got kidnapped by the evil taxidermist.
“Look, Jack,” said Dean. “You’ve done some pretty amazing things in your four years. Things anyone ten times your age would be proud of. You can boil some oranges. You’ll see.”
“Jack hasn’t told me anything,” Cas said primly, putting on a very similar mysterious expression to the one Jack had just had.
“And I’m glad we managed to get him back from the Empty.” It had been one of the last things that Jack had done, during his brief stint as God. They’d all worked together, him and Dean and Sam, with a bit of assistance from Rowena, and Claire who’d insisted on being there. They’d found a spell, and Jack had used the last of his powers to open up a portal so that Dean could go in and rescue Cas.
“It doesn’t matter,” said Dean. “Not in the grand scheme of things. I shouldn’t… I shouldn’t have got angry like that.” He thought about it, and added, “I
Dean was nodding. “He said some… really nice things about me. About the kind of person he thought I was. And I’ve just been thinking about it, lately – about how much better a lot of it applies to the two of you than it ever could to me. When I think about the way I’ve treated you, sometimes… Because the ironic thing is, if anyone’s like that,
But before he could decide, Dean suddenly figured it out. “You wanted to make your own marmalade,” he said, slowly. “That’s what this is. Right?”
“Oh, no, that would just be cruel,” said Cas, very earnestly, as if even the thought upset him. “Every single friend it had will be gone by now. It would be left all alone… it would be an awful existence.”
dream – I got this pet dragon and we were flying around together, shooting fire at everyone we didn’t like? We took down some demons, and a bunch of the British Men of Letters, and then Chuck… Anyway it was great fun,” she trailed off quickly, as she registered everyone’s sombre faces and suddenly picked up the atmosphere of the room. “So, um. Yeah. I did sleep well, thanks.”
“What’s going on?” came Sam’s voice, sounding bleary from lack of sleep. Jack looked round to face him. He was wearing his dressing-gown and looked very irritated. “Jack?”
But then Dean patted him on the shoulder. “He’s right, you know,” he said; and he sounded like he really meant it.
“Well, we can do without your surprises in future.” Suddenly, so abruptly it made Jack jump, Dean reached for the large bin; dragged it over to the stove, reached out his arm and shoved everything in – the gloopy mess of oranges, the melted saucepan, the still-unoped bags of sugar – all of it. After a second, he added the jam-jars, too – swept them right off the surface. Jack flinched as they landed, smashing loudly together.
“That was quick,” Cas remarked, and Jack just smiled, though he was glowing inside. He’d actually managed to choose; made a decision quickly enough not to be annoying.
“Dean!” Cas said again, more sharply. “I think you need to get a bit of perspective. You know very well that Jack -”
“Don’t worry, I’m used to those. Cas is a champion at them,” said Dean. “How was the marmalade, anyway?”
“But – but you bought it specially for me!” said Jack. “And – and I couldn’t even last a few days without b-breaking it. I always break everything. And you
“He didn’t mean to… “set shit on fire”. He was just trying to do some cooking – he got inspired by watching
what Dean had told Cas – but he had a pretty good idea, even if it was only from his four years of experience. Because Dean
movie in the end. He watched it with Cas, about a week later. Sam and Eileen were also there, but they were only half paying attention. They were busy playing some kind of texting game on their phones, which caused them to break out into fits of laughter at sporadic moments and Cas to turn round and glare at them pointedly.
It was different to how it was with Sam and Dean. There’d never been any of that knot of worry, those seeds of doubt, those folorn, lonely feelings. Cas had always just been his dad.
“Don’t ask me,” said Dean. “Cas is the expert. Or so he claims. Though I just know something’s going to go wrong. Don’t ask me what, but
“I wanted to see what all the fuss was about,” he said, plonking himself down on the sofa so he was practically sitting on top of Cas. Cas scooshed over slightly to make more room. For a millisecond, Dean looked slightly put out, before quickly set his face back to normal, presumably realising it wasn’t a normal reaction to have to someone not wanting to be squashed.
“No, he’s not,” said Cas firmly, and he stepped in front of Jack, between him and Dean. “He’s going to his room, and
He was right. It really did. The warm, sugary scent of oranges was wafting all round the kitchen – and the rest of the bunker.
It wasn’t a lie; not really. Dean didn’t have to know that he was already planning to text Claire about looking for secret passages together next time she came to visit.
Jack decided to make the marmalade at night, so as not to disturb anyone. Dean liked to have the kitchen to himself when he was making dinner, and since he’d started hunting less he’d taken to making long, elaborate meals he would hog the kitchen the whole afternoon for. He always got irritable when people got in the way, especially Jack.
This time, Dean didn’t say anything. He just nodded; he was frowning. He gave Cas a long look that Jack couldn’t quite read; then he picked up his phone and went.
“Personally, I think the carrots are a great touch,” Cas told Sam. “I can’t really judge it myself, of course – but there are so many different flavours that humans have never even explored; I think it’s wonderful when people have the creativity to experiment at bit.”
“I think I’m going to make it into swiss pudding,” said Jack, looking thoughtfully at the messy roll. So that’s what they did, with the help of a rolling pin. They mashed it back up, and then they put it into a bowl (green, covered in garish pink flowers, another of Cas’s second-hand finds); and Jack mixed in some marmalade because he thought it would be an interesting experiment and anyway, there was more marmalade in the bunker now than anyone knew what to do with.
“Seriously, Cas?” Dean sounded really annoyed now. “This is getting stupid. We’ve been through this. I’ve apologised. What more do you want? You can’t
Jack realised he was still breathing unevenly; and his face felt very hot. “But… but the kitchen!” he said. “I’ve got to tidy up…”
It turned out that the brown bear was called Paddington. It wasn’t always his name – not from the start. At first he was just a bear, who had to travel halfway across the world because his Aunt Lucy sent him away. Jack watched as Paddington stood at the station, with his suitcase and the sign around his neck, waiting for somebody to notice him.
“How do you expect me to act?” Dean demanded. “Like I’m perfectly fine with Jack going round starting fires in the middle of the night?”
“You don’t have to,” said Dean. “I’ve just been thinking. Some of the stuff he said, before he… well. Before he got taken by the Empty. He kind of… kind of poured out his heart to me.”
Jack didn’t answer. Cas gave him a sympathetic look; patted the chair next to him for Jack to sit down.
The next day, when Dean went out to get the groceries and asked if there was anything he wanted, Jack said, “Oranges. I think I need about 10. And a packet of sugar.”
“Thanks for the marmalade,” he said again, and tried to sound as grateful as he possibly could. Tried not to mind
“I thought that would be easy for you,” said Jack. “You’re so close. You’ve been through such a lot together.”
“I was thinking more along the lines of starting major apocalypses, unleashing demons, banishing all the angels from heaven,” said Cas, looking slightly sheepish. “That sort of thing. We’ve all of us been guilty one way or another. Compared to that, what’s a little fire in the kitchen really?”
“Well, maybe that angel of ours is a bit delusional when it comes to me,” said Dean. “But it’s good to have a goal, right? I can try to be more like that person – from now on. And, you know – I can try to be more like Cas. And actually tell the two of you how great you are. Because you know what? Mistakes, they don’t really matter. Not in the grand scheme of things. What matters is who you are on the inside. And you, Jack – all you ever do is try to do your best; even when it goes wrong, you always do things for the right reasons. You’re Cas’s kid, all right.”
him for it. Castiel has never been thanked before. Angels do tasks because it is their duty and because they have to, not for praise or gratitude. And not that Castiel is helping for another reason, but even so. Being thanked is– pleasant.
But if Dean’s picking a favourite, it’s when he’s curled up warm under the covers drifting between awake and asleep, and Cas crawls into bed behind him; an arm snaking around his waist and Cas whispering against his back, the nob at the top of his spine, his lips soft and wet against Dean’s skin. And Dean wraps Cas’ hand in his own drifts off to Cas’ voice telling stories of the places he’s been, the trees and the mountains and the stars. To the comfortable heat of Cas, like a low campfire on a cool night no matter the actual temperature, burning calm and steady
. Not to God. Not to Heaven and all its fuzzy little angels. Not to any of the myriad of deities and monsters that Dean knows are out there.
. Like it’s his own little drug that he can pop whenever he really needs it. And he needs it now; because they don’t have days in hell, not really, but Dean still knows the exact moment that he broke on the rack. And he needs to hear that Cas loves him. So he doesn’t ask about it, and he doesn’t say what he means, he doesn’t finish the question, but Cas knows anyway.
what he means. Because even when Cas is being all vast and unknowable and speaking about infinity as easily as Sam would talk about yesterday, Dean has always understood him.
Kevin, Garth and Charlie will occasionally drop in on their monster nerd world tour. A prophet, a tech genius who hooked up with a fairy and a hunter who’s all about hugs and sock puppets - there’s no better example of the next generation of of hunters. The three of them have been out
He doesn’t finish the question. It’s a difficult thing to ask, and it’s difficult for him to admit that he wants to know. “How long has it been?” Or; “how long have you loved me?” How long has Dean been loved the way that Cas loves him? What can Cas’ love endure?
Cas reaches up with one hand and hooks his fingers together with Dean’s, pulls Dean’s hand down so his palm rests properly on his shoulder. Cas’ hair brushes against his arm as he turns his head to press a lingering kiss to Dean’s knuckles, the back of his hand; his lips stopping there, soft on Dean's skin. Dean slips his thumb free to rub along Cas’ jawline, and he feels Cas breathe out his nose, slow and steady, against his wrist.
He’d signed the salary offer and started the drive out to Lebanon and turned back to the bunker, all in seven minutes.
it, because he and Balthazar don’t exactly get along, except that they also kind of get along really well. Dean likes him about half the time - when he isn’t dropping incredibly unsubtle hints that he and Cas, like, angel-fucked. Dean knows they didn’t because Cas
that when Cas raised him from hell, he made him - just a little - in his own image. Not in God’s, because angels were never that. His. He's
“That’s–“ Dean starts, stops, swallows. “That’s not as comforting as you think it is.” But even as he says it, Dean finds that it’s not quite true. It does help. Because Dean
To Castiel, it is all essentially meaningless. But that awareness somehow finds its way from him to the soul he is sharing space with, and it is not a knowledge that humans are supposed to have. It’s not something that they can understand, just as he cannot understand their instinct to doubt or the impulse to procreate. It is torture, in a way. Giving them a glimpse into a reality that is so much larger than their own. And when Castiel leaves them, they keep chasing that vision, no longer content with the word around them. It slowly drives them ever so slightly mad.
, because he really fucking isn’t. He’s never bought Dean flowers or heart-shaped chocolates or any of that shit.  He just doesn’t know any better.
Cas hasn’t spent much time in the Impala, even though he knows how much Dean loves his car, and he only ever wants to be anywhere that Dean is. But Cas has always gotten the sense that the Impala doesn’t much like him. It may simply be the signals carved into the bodywork that make him feel as though he is being judged and found wanting, but the car has always seemed like a place for
Sam and Eileen always drop in within the hour of him texting and asking if they’ll visit. They’re never busy hunting or working or even out to dinner, and Dean can only assume that Cas lets them know when he’s leaving and to be prepared. Dean wouldd be insulted, but he’s mostly touched (by an angel - a joke that he
So Castiel does what he can to show them appreciation in return. He rarely takes the same vessel twice, and never more than three times. Some of his siblings have preferred vessels, forms that they have shaped themselves into many times so slipping back into it is easy and comfortable, the human soul pushed to the side without any complaint. But Castiel remembers his first vessel reaching out to him in desperation and despair, calling out to his Grace with her own hurt, and he knows that being a vessel causes them pain.
Castiel seeks out his own bloodline, and in a nearby city called Bela he finds a devout woman that answers his call. She has dark hair and brown skin and pale blue eyes, and when he tells her that they will rid the world of abominations together, her soul embraces him with great a joy. It’s a warmth like nothing Castiel has ever experienced before, utterly free of duty or obligation and given without reservation. He settles into her body; feels the tingle of Grace under his skin, the brush of skirt against his ankle, the pinch of slightly too small shoes on his feet. He reaches out with human arms, human hands, muscles flexing and stretching, a
It’s a difficult thing for Dean to hear the answer to. Because Cas is so fucking earnest. Because for all that Dean would say that Cas' default state is ‘grumpy’ or maybe ‘solemn’, he can be just inhumanly romantic when given the opportunity. Not that Cas is
, sometimes, when Cas is not Walking in them along side him. Eileen talked Sam into seeing a psych and it really does seem to be doing wonders for him, but Dean had scoffed when she’d suggested the same for him. He doesn’t need to fork out a stupid amount of money to have some douchebag with a degree tell him that he’s got abandonment issues. He’s well aware.
And still. Cas is going to leave him. Because Dean will never ask him to stay; never admit to the truth of them. Cas knows it as surely as he knows Dean’s terrible fear at wanting something he should not. Although it’s not like it was for Cas, all those centuries ago. Dean is not afraid for himself. He’s afraid for
, tuned into him completely, and Cas will tell him that one day he’s going to put Dean up among the stars, and Dean will outshine them all.
There's an angel sitting beside him in the passenger seat, and he’d been dead and came back and for one clear, shining moment Dean had thought that Cas was
; a split, a crack he can’t hear but feels within himself, and then where there once was nothing there is a fire. A reflection of himself.
days - they can live together in Heaven instead. But until then, when Cas gets restless Dean kisses him on the top of the head like he’s giving him benediction, holds both his hands tightly, and tells him to go.
at books more than he likes to read them. He bets that if he asked, Cas would have a favourite font but not a favourite novel. He's really more of a TV guy; and Dean knows he’s led armies, and he
, not Cas. Because every time Cas had Fallen, had lost his Grace, was because it was stolen from him, taken by force and not by choice. And yeah Cas chose humanity, and Dean knows without having to ask he’d do it again in the heartbeat that he only has because Dean likes to listen to it and, well, the fact that Cas
Because even though they have those normal people times, sometimes Cas does leave. Sometimes he flits off to answer prayers, quick in and out. He can’t interfere with free will, but if there’s something happening that’s outside of human control then he might be willing to give it a little nudge. And all hunters know that they can pray to Castiel, Angel of the Lord if they’re in a tight spot and need someone to burn out a monster and save their ass. Just so long as it’s not between the hours of 11pm and 7am without fair waring that it might happen. Dean didn’t help save the world multiple times just to unexpectedly wake up alone.
it’s haunted. Just places without life or hope. Monster caves in the forest and his hands caked in grave dirt, deep under his nails, so heavy and so thick it’s like the grey had settled in underneath his skin, never washed out, leaving his fingerprints like stains on everything he touched.
And Cas– Cas will leave with all that he knows, because he will never force Dean to do anything. Not even to acknowledge the way that he feels. Dean’s whole life has been one giant nudge by cosmic forces. He deserves a chance to make his own decisions.
So he keeps watching. And they make art. They tell stories, born entirely in their own mind. They go out of their way to protect plants and animals and lifeless stone formations, all utterly incapable of knowing what they’ve done for them, but that they love just the same. They craft weapons and tools and they carry them from place to place even if they are heavy and inconvenient, and they cry when they break no matter that they could pick something very similar straight up off the ground if they chose to. They see themselves in the world around them. From the indifferently flowing stream to the wolf to one another, they look at each and they recognise at least some small part of the way that they themselves live and love and feel. And they tether that spot to their heart and they know that they are all here on this land, on this planet, together.
But it’s even nicer to be looking at Cas across a sticky window table and to have Cas looking back at him, and some poor waitress standing by waiting to take their order and having to pretend that she didn’t hear them talking about a vampire or a werewolf because there's no way that’s what they actually meant. And knowing that in the whole diner, they’re the only two people that understand each other.
So Cas sits with Dean in his car, sits in the place Sam should be sitting, and he lingers. Just for one selfish moment. He shouldn’t even have the capacity to be selfish, and yet for that moment, it is everything that he is. When he laid siege to Hell, he could not have known how meeting Dean would change him. But of course, it didn’t change him. Because he has always loved Dean, for as long as he has existed.
, Castiel.” She cries, and her voice cracks. Castiel doesn’t know how to comfort her, to show her there is nothing to shed tears over. Killing is not an act that Castiel enjoys. But it is the reason he was Created, and it was Righteous. That she cannot see that is not something that he can understand. “Please.” She begs him. “Please take this memory from me. I do not want it.”
die for him and Sam both. That Cas cared for him in a way that he wasn’t supposed to, a way his siblings considered strange and embarrassing and in need of correction. Dean doesn’t think angels are capable of homophobia, because as far as he can tell gender is largely theoretical to them, and sexuality is somewhat of an abstract concept. They don’t object to Dean being a man - and even if they did Cas isn’t exactly a man himself but that’s a whole other kettle of fish. But they do object to him being a Man. Capital M. Of the hu- variety. Because contrary to popular belief, Dean actually has read the Bible. Bits of it, anyway. He’s spent enough time in hotel rooms with nothing but a broken television and the old King James, and he’s skimmed through. So he knows that angels and humans hooking up is a big no.
Azrael cloaks his radiance in his wings as he descends and flies over Pharaoh’s country, and his light is never seen amongst the Host again.
And speak they do. For their Father created humans without a reverence to Him, only the faith that they choose. And they have not heard from Him in many years. Obedience to Him is not built in to every single fibre of their being like it is for angels, and they speak blasphemy with each breath.
Dean’s driving away from Stull Cemetery, away from the pit to hell that his little brother threw himself into to save the world. And he’s empty, he’s
promised land, if it were Castiel, he would have continued forever on blind faith alone. But the humans– they find their strength in each other.
But Castiel does not think Creation is for him. The stars he makes, they are beautiful in the way that everything shaped by celestial will is beautiful. But they are distant; and cold despite their flames.
There had been a brief moment in time when Dean had hoped that Cas would give up his Grace and choose to live as a human. But that– that was about
In the Beginning there was the Word, and the Word was God. And then his Father spoke, and there was light.
Sometimes, when Sam is busy, he hunts with Bobby or Jody or any of the number of other hunters that call him up and ask for a hand. With Aaron and his golem. One memorable time with Crowley, when there was some supposedly big-name demon that Dean had never heard of gunning for the throne and he had thought, well, better the King of Hell you know. And he doesn’t trust Crowley as far as he can throw him, but at least he knows how far that is. So he and Crowley met at some sleazy upscale bar Dean wouldn’t have been allowed in by himself, and Crowley had asked him about Cas a truly worrying number of times, and Dean had only been sure for about five minutes that it was all an elaborate trap for him when they caught up to the demon they were hunting. In the end Crowley had shot her with the gun Dean had dropped in the ensuing fight, and then had tried to talk him into heading out to a quieter bar together, and maybe Dean could give Cas a call and invite him to join them. If Dean didn’t know how much of a bastard Crowley was, he’d almost say he saw a flicker of disappointment in his eyes when he turned him down. Then Crowley had whistled as if to a dog, and Dean didn’t know if she was even there or if Crowley was just getting back at him for turning him down, but he flinched despite it having been years, a
He's hardly the only angel who thinks this way. His sister Anna grows one single tree; high on a mountainside where it will be touched by nothing but sunlight and frost, its branches twisted and knotted and grasping towards the sky, roots clinging desperately to rock. It’s not a large tree, stunted by circumstance, but unique in all the world. Castiel turns one eye to it often, to the way it keeps growing beyond Anna’s gift of Creation; how it keeps living all on its own.
And as Castiel pulls away he hears her, like a clear, pure bell rung stuck with absolute conviction: “I cannot worship a God who would do this.” It’s blasphemy of the highest order, a betrayal of the most sacred covenant between humanity and his Father. He knows he should take it, too.
They make music. That is the thing; the truth. The angels Created things that are more beautiful than humanity; rolling hills and the colour of the sunset on the ocean and a tiny yellow and red bird with a black tail three times the length of its body. But nothing that could make
Cas shrugs. It’s a more recent human gesture he’s picked up, a little stiff, a little jerky, like invisible puppet strings have been attached to his shoulders and then yanked straight up and released just as quickly. He hasn’t quite settled into it yet. But Dean plans on living a long, long life, so Cas will have plenty of time to practice any human gestures he wants. “Not really.” He replies. “It’s both a second, and since the beginning of time."
Not that it matters much, in the end. The humans may have been prepared for a few angels, but they cannot stand against the entire Host. Though, that doesn’t mean that they don’t try, armed with nothing more than swords and their own fists. Castiel feels them tearing at his clothes, their eyes wide and bright, almost feverish as they grab fistfuls of his skirts and pull him towards the ground. He goes easily, and pushes his sword into the physical Plane of reality. Manifested like this, it feels as natural to use as an extension of his vessel as his sword is a part of him in his true form.
Because in the darkness, despite the danger in the unseen, despite the great expanse of the unknown all around them, they sing for their children.
The first house he looks through is empty, as is the second. But in the third, he finds what he is looking for. One of his sisters lies dead on the floor, the part of her wings that manifest on this Plane of existence scorched into the dirt. Looking beyond that, Castiel can see what is left of
Privately, he doesn’t think they measure up to the beetle Balthazar had Created that morning; iridescent blues and purples and just a touch of green. It had climbed out from a split between two of Balthazar’s fingers, and then flown a slow, meandering path up and up until it had settled on one of Castiel’s horns. It had left a streak of its colour behind on Castiel’s Grace. He could easily wipe it clear again, but he finds that he likes it; a light hazel gradually giving way to green, a young tree on a bright Spring day, now sunken into his form.
Castiel saw Creation. He saw the mountains rise and the sea fill from nothing. He placed stars in the sky. He was there when the first fish crawled from the ocean and the first human appeared in the Garden. He has seen civilisations rise and fall and entire species’ wiped out.
When he finds harmony, Castiel adds a lamentation for his sister to the Chorus, and his siblings weave it through their Song; another voice lost to them, another gaping wound in their very existence.
, like hunting is an honest-to-God profession for any Tom, Dick or Harry. Dean had been writing down the phone numbers for hunters that they collect for him from around the world on scraps of paper he found around the bunker and constantly losing them, until Cas had gone out and bought him an genuine Rolodex. He told Dean he saw it in a movie and handed it over with that small, proud smile he wears when he’s sure that he’s figured out something human all on his own, and Dean tossed Kevin to the nearest, dingiest motel he knew to spend the night the first time he saw it and burst out laughing.
And as the angels watch, some fall to their knees; blood streaming from empty, blackened sockets where there had once been eyes, welling out from between their fingers where they have clamped their hands down over their ears to block the echoing
texting. He’s honestly pretty bad at it, forgets to reply for days at a time and then sends back one word answers. But he likes it. He uses a lot of emojis, and tells Dean that he always admired the written text of the Ancient Egyptians. Which, Dean’s pretty sure he’s messing with him, that Cas just enjoys the way that Dean rolls his eyes at him in fond exasperation, but it can be hard to tell, sometimes. Cas’ sense of humour is
But the eagerness with which they accept possession unnerves Castiel. Almost greedy for it. There is something sinister in those cities that swallow angels, where creatures that should never exist were born. Besides, he has never taken a vessel before.
And maybe one day he'd try it again and try it proper, but getting in his car, driving on the empty road, he’d realised that he still wanted to save people. He wanted out of the life, but that didn’t mean he had to stop hunting. He could find a balance, and he's
Dean turns his head back so he’s looking at the screen. Lets that stew for a moment, the sound of some asshole insisting that his fake collectors edition tin lunchbox is definitely real screaming over the silence. “It hasn’t been as long for me.” It’s not his best joke but Cas still lets out a little huff of a laugh and Dean instantly regrets not watching it happen. He looks over again, and Cas is wearing a smile that’s nothing but fond.
Every angels feels the moment of birth. It rips through the Host, tearing pieces out from the very heart of them.
; and because he’s already dead himself, he’s just going through through the motions and he’s going to be going through the motions for the rest of his miserable life. Cas deserves better than that. Cas
, then. Not really. He’d been a guy that looked like Cas and sounded like Cas and thought like Cas and had all of his memories, but he wasn’t Cas. Like fucking Multiplicity. Like Sam when he had been soulless; Cas’ Grace is an essential part of him. It’s what he
When Castiel releases his vessel in her home, she weeps at at what they have accomplished together. He tries to tell her that it had to be done, that she will be rewarded in Heaven for her part in ridding the world of the abominations, but she will not hear him.
So the Fallen are driven from the Host, run out of Heaven and into another Plane made from fire and darkness and pain. A place that is shapeless and formless until the heat gives way to a bitter, deathly cold. And that is where they cage Lucifer; once the brightest of their brothers, now burning with a false dawn, his screams of fury echoing around in no mind but his own, a constant feedback of hate and rage.
Cas tilts his head. It was his very first human gesture, and Dean is inordinately fond of it. “Angels don’t experience time the way that humans do. You must know that by now.” He says slowly, carefully. “The future is uncertain, but the past and the present are one in the same.”
And Cas is there when he goes to sleep, Dean tucked in against his shoulder, his neck, Dean’s arm wrapped around his waist. He’s there when Dean wakes up, sometimes playing around with his phone, sometimes with his head turned to the side so he can stare at Dean’s face as he sleeps, eyes soft, always just where Dean left him. Dean asked him once if he ever got bored just lying there and Cas told him that he literally never gets bored. That’s a goddamn lie as far as Dean is concerned, because left alone for more than five seconds Cas will start
Cas is there when Dean takes a shower or cooks a meal or watches television; content to share in the mundane parts of Dean’s little human life, eyes soft and smile slow and easy. And living with someone not his brother, doing the cooking and the cleaning and driving to the supermarket where the cashiers know his name and all that shit; Dean thought it would make him feel like some 1950s housewife, keeping the home fire burning or whatever. But it doesn’t. It feels– good. Strangely rebellious. His dad would fucking hate to see it - Dean and domesticity and a
And, like, Dean has always known and accepted that Cas isn’t human. Even the times when he was - or was as good as, as far as he could be - he wasn’t. Because humans are resigned to the human condition even if they hate it, and every time Cas had Fallen or been forcefully ejected into humanity, he’d fought like hell not to accept human limitations. Dean knows that Cas is
A message comes to them from the highest Chorus: their Father has returned, and He bought with Him a new Creation.
The rest of Heaven took some time to rest. Their existence had gone from birth to Creation to the war, and so they had had the chance to lie back and look up at the stars. Metaphorically; lying down and looking upwards in Heaven would have had them looking at nothing.
And Sam smiles a lot, every time Dean tells some fuckwit to stick his pool cue where the sun don’t shine, every time Dean stammers over a girl. Smiles more than Dean has seen him smile since before Dean sold his soul. Hell, since before that day at Cold Oak, when he died for the very first time. Sam
, Dean only drives off and leaves Sam at the next gas station they stop at for about half an hour before he turns around to get him, because it’s just so nice having his little brother back.
. In one of his more embarrassing moments, Dean had looked it up. It’s called petrichor, and he’d spent a few hours watching storm chasing videos afterward, trying to push the search far enough back in his history that no one would notice it. And when Dean turns his face away from the sky so he can tuck his cold nose into Cas’ neck, lips on his shoulder, he gets the lingering hint of Dean’s Old Spice, and the watermelon candy-scented shampoo that Cas likes to use when Dean talks him into sharing a shower; which is every time he asks.
; more than half out of his mind with emotions he wasn’t created to even have, let alone understand. Being ripped apart and becoming something wholly new, something even God hadn’t anticipated. Cas had been even more scared than she had, because she had been so certain, so full of faith that an angel had come to save her family. And Cas had been tortured by the only home he ever knew and then spat back out. And neither off them had
All an angel requires to take a vessel is consent. However, each angel has a perfect bloodline of vessels that can host them without suffering any damage. Castiel’s brothers and sisters take vessels from Sodom and Gomorrah, uncaring if the humans can safely contain them without burning up. They are marked for death anyway.
gonna let any other kid end up like him. And maybe if there’s some big werewolf pack or vampire nest then he might send someone else to handle it. But the little things, the ghosts and the shifters and the weird cursed amulets? Those could be his things, now.
wishes he had more time to do all that normal shit; more time for him and Cas to just sit around and exist near each other, nothing more expected of them. More time for them just to be quiet, skin pressed together, casual and solid and warm. Only almost. He’s pretty damn happy with what he has. If he’s honest with himself, he doesn’t even know what he’d do with a normal relationship. He’d probably be bad at it, always waiting for the other shoe to drop. Probably panic. Probably throw two changes of clothes and as many weapons as he could fit into the back of the Impala and drive and drive as far away as he could get and be miserable and lonely forever, never again touched as gently and carefully as the way that Cas touches him, because he couldn’t stand it if anyone else tried. Those long fingers dancing lightly up and down his ribs, barely making dents in the places that his body is becoming softer from good food and not constantly running for his life; those fingers
But. He can’t linger and appreciate it, the way his heart keeps stubbornly beating in his chest. He has work to do. He spreads his wings, and he flies.
of it. There’ll probably always be a part of Dean that cries out every time anyone he loves isn’t in direct eyesight or at least under the same roof. But he is trying.
And as he watches, Castiel comes to a terrifying realisation: he loves them. Not because he was told to, not because it is his duty. But just because he does.
They don’t notice, at first. They have been covering for the gaps in their Song for so long that it is nothing to pick up another melody or harmony. They do it almost without knowing. But Castiel is sitting in one of the great Halls of Heaven, where the pillars reach up and up like trees stretching towards the sun, so high that the tops shimmer and fade into the unseeing. And he watches as his siblings go down into the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah and do not come out again.
the smell of gasoline and tar and endless, open fields, dried and dusty from the sun. It’s Zeppelin on the tape deck and the wind ruffling his hair through Baby’s open window. And it’s an angel in the passenger seat, holding his hand.
. Because yeah, Cas will occasionally pace, or tap restless patterns on every surface within reach. But ‘twitchy’ doesn’t explain the way that sometimes he’ll look at Cas, and Cas isn’t quite there. Doesn’t explain the way his eyes loose focus like he’s looking through the walls and dirt that surround them, or the way he’ll drift almost unconsciously towards the bunker door, fingers brushing over the doorhandle before he comes back to himself. Doesn’t explain the way that Dean will sometimes catch Cas looking at
, not because he has chosen to pass his time with them. He does not have friends. But the people who summon him, they try their best to reach out to him. Castiel knows he makes them nervous and even afraid. Inside of a vessel he looks more alike to them than anything else on the Earth; yet they shy away, give him a wide birth seemingly without realising that they are, like they know instinctively that he is not one of them.
So sometimes Dean will see something he thinks Cas would like, and he’ll snap a quick picture and send it to him. It’s easily the most Dean has ever used his phone camera outside of anything case-related. He never got into sexing or any of that shit. It’s nice to actually be touched. Sue him. And anyway, Cas
Cas is sorry that he doubted Sam. He’s more sorry that presumably he will never be able to tell him that. He has recently received somewhat of a celestial promotion, so perhaps he will be able to visit the Cage unharmed. But it’s doubtful how much of Sam will be left by the time he makes it there. It isn’t fair. And of course, life isn’t fair. Cas himself has been the instrument of that unfairness many times. Life just happens. Until it doesn’t. But life has been especially unfair to the Winchester brothers. Because in the end, despite the best laid plans of Heaven and Hell since the beginning of time, Sam Winchester was
“Don’t think about it too hard.” Cas says, and he smiles, and Dean gets the distinct impression that he’s teasing him. Sometimes Cas still doesn’t get teasing, but sometimes he gets it all too well. “And be quiet. The X-Files is about to start.”
For that is what the Nephilim are: the power of an angel, ripped away from the Host and forced into the mind of a human child. Free will, the strength to something with it, and too young to know what they shouldn’t. Even if they weren’t an abomination - an anathema to the angels existence as watchers over humanity, a betrayal to their Purpose and a being that was never a part of God’s plan - they’re too dangerous to live.
, and even if Dean had only taught Cas doubt in return, the irony of all fucking ironies is that they came out of it believing in each other.
It is a fate beyond cruelty, to suffer that silence. But it is the justice their Father demands for breaking his Law. And while those that are left raise their voices to fill the spaces, the perfect resonance is lost forever even to the angels that did not falter in their duty. A fitting punishment for allowing their siblings to be lost.
, of course he does. He thinks about Cas pretty much constantly whenever they’re apart. He misses Cas in his
And Dean is used to getting blank looks because most kids weren’t raised by motel room TV, seedy people at laundromats and bored late-night supermarket employees. But Cas has a frame of reference that’s unimaginably large and almost no ability to casually bring up anything he knows, and he has thoroughly overtaken Dean in receiving ‘what the fuck?’ looks from strangers. It’s kind of nice, people looking at him like
It’s not exactly hard to say no thanks, because he has Cas and there’s literally no one and nothing he wants more. But. He’s never really spent a lot of time turning down sex before, and every time he has to fight down the instinct to wink, to flash a smile that has just the hint of ‘maybe if you keep trying I’ll give in’. Back then, it had been the only comfort he knew; anonymous sex with girls who never treated him as kindly as he had wanted, but only because he had never been brave enough to ask it from them. He’d tried to show them, touch them gently, skimming fingertips and soft puffs of breath and they’d gone harder, faster, I’m not some delicate flower you have to look after, and there had been nothing for Dean to do but scoff and shake his head and pretend it was what he wanted too, that he had just been doing it for
But mostly, Dean hunts with Cas. And the thing is, Cas is smart. Real smart. Even if it’s only by sheer virtue of, like, existing forever, Cas has got more facts bumping about in that noggin than anyone Dean knows. He likes books and relaxing in the bunker’s library, but Dean has a sneaking suspicion that Cas likes to just
It doesn’t mean that Dean doesn’t wait for night to fall to drive them outside of the town limits, until there’s no light pollution on the horizon. And Baby’s not really built for off-roading, but she can handle a gravel track or a grassy shoulder just fine when Dean parks her somewhere away from other traffic. Her hood’s big enough for two grown men to lounge on, legs stretched out in front and backs against her windshield so they can look up at the stars. When Dean presses up against him, Cas smells like the moment just before the rain falls and the storm breaks on a humid day; sweet and earthy, like dirt and ozone and new grass, and just a little like salt, a little metallic, a little like
So the angels answer prayers. And when it quickly becomes apparent that there are more humans that ask for their help than the archangels can possibly answer, then they begin to delegate.
keep making until Cas smiles at it) that Cas and Sammy are working together to make sure he’s looked after. Kick up an absolute stink if it was ever confirmed outright, but as long as they don’t talk about it then he can accept it.
, really, since he was ripped apart by hellhounds. So he didn’t feel the slightest bit bad about sending Crowley back to hell sober.
Dean’s got his own room these days. The kind of shit you’d brag about to your friends in elementary school. But, Dean never actually had friends in elementary school. And also, he didn’t have his own room. So he’s decided to just be inordinately proud for a grown-ass man about having a bedroom that’s
They gather together on the edge of Heaven, and as one the angels leave their home and take their first steps upon the Earth. The light from their Grace is so bright it washes the colour from everything around them, and when Michael calls to the city to come out and witness them, his voice knocks down trees and crumbles rock. He draws his sword and plunges it down into the foundations of their great tower, snapping wood and rope, shattering stone to mere rubble, nothing but a deep, dusty crater left in its place.
“It won’t be much of a surprise now,” said Jack. “Sam and Eileen just have to come in and they’ll know what we’ve been doing.”
“No, it’s not,” said Cas. They’d reached Jack’s room; Cas sat him down in a chair, brought over the comic Jack had been reading that morning and set it beside him.
Jack had been rather hoping he wouldn’t ask that question. He dropped his gaze from Sam’s, stared at the ground. “Me,” he admitted.
“Who’d have thought it, eh?” Dean commented one day, coming in while Jack was attempting to roll up a swiss roll. “The former God himself, giving Gordon Ramsay a run for his money. Or… what’s the baking guy called again? Paul Hollywood?”
trouble – not when they’d just had this talk, and they’d finally made up. He swallowed; pondering whether or not to ask, or if it was better just to leave things be.
“Well, yeah. I – wait. Dinner. Fuck!” Dean jumped up, ran towards the door. At the last minute he turned round and added, “Sorry about the language.
“It’s just a jar of marmalade,” said Dean. “Come on – look at it! It’s fine. We’ll clean it up – it’s nothing! Look, I’ll get a dust-pan. It’ll take two seconds, and, poof – gone!”
The shop-bought jar of marmalade was still sitting, unopened, on the shelf above Jack’s bed. It was yellow and slimy and had a sticker on it with a long list of chemicals which Jack was sure Cas would be able to identify by taste if he ever tried it.
“I felt sorry for it!” Cas said very earnestly, when Dean complained. “Once upon a time that owl was living its life in peace, not causing any harm, and its life was taken just so it could be stuffed and kept as an ornament. And then to be discarded, as though its death didn’t even matter? The best thing we can do now is honour it.”
All the while Jack stood there, rooted to the spot. He should be helping. He should. He was the one who’d done this. What had he done?! Somehow managed to wreck the whole kitchen, started a fire, he’d just been trying to make marmalade, this was all his fault, and Dean would be so mad, and…
Dean did at times seem to be rooting for the villain – the failed actor and master of disguise - slightly
“Yeah,” said Jack, because it would be obvious he was lying if he kept quiet. Cautiously, Dean pushed the door open.
Cas seemed to have an inkling of what he was thinking about. “If you’re worried about yesterday,” he said. “I’m sure Dean will have cooled off a bit now. Come to his senses.”
“And teaches everyone how to make marmalade,” said Jack. “But. Why do you think he goes to prison? I know it’s a mistake, but… people who go to jail, it’s usually because they do something really bad. What if they Browns think that he’s a proper criminal? What if it makes them stop loving him?”
“I didn’t mean to cause trouble,” said Jack. “I really didn’t. And now you’ve fallen out with Dean, and it’s all my fault…”
“I was thinking some kind of game.” Dean cut him off very quickly – Jack noticed he’d gone rather red, and had started fidgeting with his hands. He wondered if he should comment on it but somehow, he had a feeling that it probably wouldn’t be wise.
“Wait – I need to get a picture of this!” said Dean. He made to get his phone - then paused; looked at the bucket of neon-purple dye, still waiting to be applied. “Later,” he amended. “We’ll get the two of you in all your finery – tie-dye t-shirts and all. Make a proper photo-shoot of it.”
At that moment, there was a noise from the hall – footsteps, and quite a bit of grumbling. Jack stiffened; Cas must have seen the fear in his eyes, because he rubbed Jack’s arm again.
“Hey,” he said. “So. I’ve been out to the grocery store again, and, um. I got something for you. Look.”
“All right, then,” said Dean, slightly grumpily. “If that’s how the two of you want to be, then whatever. None of my business, is it? I’m just the one who drove all the way to the store and back. No-one important.”
It wasn’t just Dean’s room anymore, not really. Cas had taken to spending a lot more time there. Jack thought that Dean must have plucked up the courage to speak to him, because they’d become a lot closer, lately. And Jack wasn’t sure if it was just his imagination, but he was sure that both of them looked a lot happier, these days. Dean seemed more relaxed; less like he was carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders, or at least as if he was no longer doing so alone. And Cas… he just seemed more at home now, somehow. More like he really belonged. Jack, of course, would never know
“Do you know how dangerous that could have been?” Dean asked, turning back to Jack. “You could have burnt the place down – fried us alive. Wouldn’t that be funny, huh? After everything we’ve been through, we end up burnt to a crisp, just because you’ve got some kind of pyrommaniac agenda.”
“Yes, well.” Cas said, suddenly twisting his head like an angry owl to look at Dean. “Saying something and acting like it are two different things.”
“You can do that in the morning,” said Cas. “When everyone’s simmered down a bit. Come to their senses.”
many normal families like that himself, families where both parents were alive and still got on. But Dean and Cas were both still alive.
Now, Dean watched as onscreen, Paddington sent the entire stack of oranges falling on top of him, before attempting to carry them, very slowly and unefficiently, one by one across the prison kitchen. The sides of Dean’s mouth twitched ever so slightly as he watched; and by the time the scary cook very reluctantly admitted defeat and got up to help, he was full-on chortling.
“Yeah. Uh… that’s – that’s kind of the point I was making,” Dean said; then shook his head. “So. Smoothies, huh?” He didn’t sound particularly impressed.
“I’m fine, I’m not a kid!” Jack said, because Cas was looking at him so carefully. “I was literally God for a while, remember?”
“Uh… yeah. I agree.” Sam nodded, though he was starting to look slightly panicked at the situation that was developing.
But Jack hated having so much choice – he wanted to pick the perfect movie, one that Cas would really enjoy. He hated the idea of making him sit for over an hour, trying to be polite about something that turned out to be really boring.
Cas and Jack were in the kitchen when he came home. They were huddled over a bucket of some sort of ambiguous neon purple coloured water. With lumps in it.
have a point there,” Dean admitted eventually, like it was painful to come out with. “But how did we get to this topic anyway? We were meant to be talking about you.”
Cas shook his head. “We may have supervised a bit – but all the difficult parts, the important parts? That was all you.”
Dean came in a bit later, just as Sam was handing out the finished smoothies. Jack hadn’t expected it; when the door clattered open he jumped, knocking over his glass, and before he could think, before he could react, there was spilt smoothie all over the table – and him.
Cas put down the book carefully, gently smoothing the pages as he closed them so as not to do any damage.
“I just,” said Jack. He stopped, thinking better of it; but Dean nodded at him to go on. “I just… I kind of wanted to make my own marmalade,” Jack admitted.
“Yeah, well, what if next time he decides to watch, I don’t know… Harry Potter? Decides it would be a
He raised his eyebrows when he saw the remnants of the mess of the night before, but he didn’t say anything; just helped himself to some fruit from the fridge and started chopping it up.
Without thinking, Jack took a step back. He felt suddenly dizzy; like there was a haze in his head, red and prickling. Then suddenly Cas was there behind him, a protective hand on his shoulder.
Jack looked at the rich, dark orange mixture, still bubbling just slightly in the pan. It looked exactly like he’d imagined it – much more real than the store-bought version. Almost like the sort Paddington Bear would actually have made.
A muslin bag, it had turned out, was a piece of fabric with tiny holes in it. That meant that the flavour of the oranges could be absorbed into the marmalade without the pithy bits getting in.
He must have lost focus, in that instant. Because suddenly, without warning, the jar stopped floating; it tumbled down to the ground, where it landed with a crash, and smashed, all over the floor.
get you another jar when we’re in town,” Dean said. “So you can, you know. Do your Paddington Bear thing.”
Dean’s glare felt like a hammer, pinning Jack down, smashing him to smithereens. He felt very small all of a sudden.
are having a word.” And with that, he turned round and swept out of the kitchen, propelling Jack along in front of him. Dean was left gaping after them.
“The surprise will be how well it went,” said Dean. “They’ll come in here, expecting it to be a total disaster again – place burnt to a crisp, Cas and I rolling on the floor fighting, you cowering in the corner… but
“I… I was trying trying to cook. In the kitchen,” said Jack, forcing the words out. “I made… a bit of a mess. Well. A lot of a mess.” He hoped that Sam wouldn’t get angry, too. “Dean got mad. And then Cas got mad at
It was obviously supposed to be funny, and Jack did find himself laughing as Paddington flooded the house or somehow ended up attatched to a moving car on a skateboard, but he couldn’t help feeling sorry for the bear. Especially when Mr Brown tried, again and again, to send him away, or when Paddington wrote to Aunt Lucy about how different London was from how he’d expected, how cold and unfriendly everyone was.
water, obviously.” Dean gave him a strange look. “We’ll make sure he takes his hand out before the water gets anywhere near that. It’s just so Jack can feel the way the temperature rises for himself. It’s a tip - I saw it in some article on childcare once. Teaches kids about heat in a safe way.”
Cas was watching him very carefully. Jack felt his face going hot. He still hadn’t said anything; still hadn’t reacted. The pause had been much too long. The clot in his throat was getting larger. Jack worried that soon he wouldn’t be able to breathe through it.
Once again sorry for the late update! Trying to get the balance between fixing Dean and Jack's relationship a bit, fixing Cas's and Jack's canon endings AND adding in some Destiel stuff all in one chapter turned out to be harder than I expected (hmm, maybe I should just blame the spn finale for leaving everything such a mess so I can't just write a fluffy little Paddington Bear fic in peace!).
“Don’t worry,” Jack told him quietly, a while later when Cas was occupied weighing out the sugar. “Marmalade takes a really really long time to finish making. Remember?”
“Yes, I am,” said Cas, coldly, matter-of-factly. “You know, when Jack came and got me, do you know what he felt worst about? It wasn’t that the recipe he’d been planning all day had gone wrong, or the mess he’d made – though it was obvious he felt terrible about both. It was how you’d react. He was so scared of what you’d think that he could barely breathe. And I told him he was worrying over nothing, I told him of course you’d see it was just a mistake, of course you’d go easy on him. Because I’ve known you for twelve years now; I know you better than Jack does. Or at least I thought I did.”
Jack looked up. He’d been panicking, breathing too quickly. Somehow, Cas had managed to put the fire out, but the kitchen still looked awful. Really, really, really bad.
“Now,” said Dean, “You have to wait for the water to bubble. That’s when you know it’s boiling. That’s when you turn down the heat.”
I hope you all enjoyed this! I have no idea how the whole story ended up so long - fun fact, my entire inspiration for this fic was actually the idea of Dean giving Jack a Paddington Bear coat and him matching Cas. And then I started thinking about how many parallels there actually were between Jack and Paddington, and somehow that snowballed into... this. Anyway, I really hope you all liked reading this!
Anyway I'm not making any promises on the next update (I've learnt my lesson!) but if all goes well the next chapter SHOULD be up at the weekend.
And Jack could pretend, and try not to cause trouble, and try to make Dean like him again; and Dean could pretend too, for Cas’s sake - until the next time Jack messed up. But it wouldn’t make that heavy feeling deep in Jack’s chest go away. It wouldn’t make him feel better – not really.
Cas smiled slightly at the sudden change in Jack’s expression. “That sounds like a good idea,” he said. “I’ll help you.”
Dean didn’t show his face for the rest of the morning. In fact, he seemed to have completely disappeared from the bunker. And when Jack went down to the garage to check, his car was gone, too.
Thirdly, I always forget to mention it but I'm British! So if I accidentally use the wrong words for things or make the characters speak like Doctor Who characters or something then, um, sorry - and I hope it doesn't take you out of the story too much!
It was the last straw for Jack. He’d still been feeling slightly wobbly the whole week, despite himself, despite more-or-less making up with Dean. He stared down at the broken jar, the one Dean had gone out specially to buy for him, the one he’d somehow managed to break because he’d been stupid, because he’d used his angel powers,
“I don’t know about that,” said Dean. “And you’re not to go looking for them, right? I don’t want you getting yourself lost, or cursed, or – or somehow sent to an alternate universe…”
He wasn’t like Jack. Not really. Paddington Bear was a bear. And Jack was just a kid – a kid who hadn’t even lasted as God for more than five minutes. (After accidentally starting a global pandemic whilst trying too hard to befriend a group of Chinese bats who wanted magic powers, it had been agreed by everyone that it was better if Jack let Amara take over the job for a while).
And that meant that Cas properly belonged – he wasn’t just an ally, or a friend, or even an honorary member of the Winchester family. This was his home – these were his people.
He flew himself through to the library, practically crashed on top of Cas, who looked up from the dusty old hardback on bees he was leafing through, startled. “Jack? Are you okay?”
“Oh, Dean.” Cas looked at him reverently. That was definitely, thought Jack, the sort of look that people like Sam and Eileen, or Mr and Mrs Brown gave each other.
There's one more chapter after this - I'll try to have it up around Thursday, but I'm travelling up to Scotland to get vaccinated this week so I'll have to see how much time I have to edit.
“You looked for parenting advice for Claire?” Cas asked, sounding like he had the very opposite of a problem with it.
– because it had been Cas’s choice, to cash in on the deal he’d made. It hadn’t been about Jack. Not really.
, and…” He hesitated, his voice beginning to shake again. “It’s all my fault,” he said. “I was just trying to do something nice, and it all went wrong, and…”
carefully this time, to dissolve the molecules of the hardened metal, so that it melted down enough to be wiped, with a cloth, off the counters and wherever else it had landed. They were making much better leeway with it than Dean had done.
“Didn’t think there was any point,” said Dean. “It was nearly morning anyway. And all the mess took quite some clearing up.”
Hope you're enjoying this so far! And again, sorry about how angsty this batch of chapters has been - it does get lighter from now on. Like I said, I've got the whole story written now, so I'll post the next couple of chapters on Wednesday!
“Pff… don’t be ridiculous, Sammy. You saw how he was so shocked after kissing me. As if he regretted every second of it.” Dean huffs a humorless laugh and rubs the bridge of his nose.
“Huh. This is like some B-rated drama movie. Anyways, maybe you should go. And if that douche fellow goes too, ignore that ass and get drunk. Just like old times.”
Castiel flops down on his bed, sighing while rubbing his forehead, knowing fully how a headache is about to come.
“Just offering you both to go on a trip for a few weeks. If I am right, you didn’t go anywhere after your marriage, right?” When Dean shrugged, not knowing what to say, Michael nodded, seeming satisfied.
“Let’s go!” She squeals. Cas grins at her enthusiasm unable to hide his own anticipation and twists the door handle to open the front door. Claire rushes outside past him, quickly opening the passenger door of the car, which Cas took out of the garage and parked on the driveway while Claire was getting dressed, and sliding into it as Cas locks the doors. Carefully getting into the driver’s seat, Cas puts the big helmet on the backseat and starts the engine to drive them to the 136 Fire Department’s Halloween event.
Castiel was about to get up from the chair so Dean held his bicep and helped him without a second thought as he already got used to assisting his husband. His eyes fell on Michael who was looking at them with an unreadable expression.
. And I've been noticing that you’ve been a bit out of it since that office fire. What’s going on with ya, pal?”
“It’ll be fun, I’m sure.” Charlie tries to convince him but it sounds like she is trying to convince herself as well. Dean just nods and puts his phone away quickly, determined to finish his late lunch- a chicken sandwich with some beef jerky- before another call chimes in which makes him groan in frustration since it's the second time he will have to stop eating his lunch because of a call.
Not looking at anyone, Dean staggers away to the door. As he approaches the Impala, he makes a decision to go to the station directly instead of his flat since it’s nearer and he will be sober enough when he’ll see the paperwork he’d have to do tonight.
A few days pass by, Dean talks to Cas whenever he can but Cas is always so busy with work that they barely have time to hang out. Dean feels helpless and a little disheartened but he doesn’t let that get the better of him.
“You look beautiful, Claire. Did you realize that your father and I are matching today?” Dean chuckles, glancing up at Cas.
That is part when Cas’s cutlery drops to the plate with a loud cling. Dean goes perfectly still, fully aware that Cas is watching him.
“Yeah, he is. He misses you, I think,” Claire replies quietly. Her hands go to her right elbow wincing at the touch.
“Uh,” Dean replies preoccupied which earns him a sharp jab on his side by his annoying little brother who seems to be the least tipsy among all of them. He winces and rubs the area while glaring at Sam who gives him a bitch face which clearly screams ‘stop being a fucking moron and act natural’.
“I know it’s not my place to say anything, but will you be okay? I know how it feels during times like this.” Something flashed in Dean’s husband’s eyes for a second before he shook his head and walked over to him and stood within a few feet of distance. Castiel seemed to have a bit problem with personal space these days, yet Dean didn’t think of informing him that since it might sound a bit awkward. They were husbands, after all. Dean said the only thing that came to his mind at the moment, “I… I don’t think I can stay here without drinking myself to sleep… which would be every unproductive, right?” He added the last bit as a joke to lighten the mood.
The doorbell chimes painfully loudly as Cas walks over to answer it. Dean stands in front of the door, with a plate of what looks like a caramel pudding, a Saran Wrap covering it. He’s wearing a black AC/DC T-shirt under a dark blue overshirt with black jeans and dark brown combat boots. His chestnut hair is styled with gel. He looks too beautiful for his own good.
As some people start lining up at the queue for their turn at the karaoke and a song starts playing on the speakers, Balthazar snorts all of a sudden.
When Cas reached Dean and Claire, his daughter jumped into his arms, almost making him fall backward, the handle of his travel bag falling away from his hand. The sad feeling from before left him as easily as it had come. He wrapped his arms around Claire and breathed in her familiar soft smell. Kissing her head, Cas looked all over her, checking if she was all okay or not.
“I feel like I’ve known Claire for a long time. You know why? Because Dean can’t stop talking about her. Dean has always loved kids but he clearly adores Claire in a special way. It’ll hurt him badly if something happens which might drive him away from her-”
“Dean, I’m gonna talk to that English teacher we met when we first came in,” Charlie says, waving goodbye.
With shaky fingers, Dean presses the call button and put the phone near his ear. After a few short rings, Cas answers the call.
Anyway, here's the next chapter I hope y'all like it. kudos and comments make my day and these days i need positivity more than anything. <3
“Ye-umm.. yes I’m okay,” Cas mumbles, taking a long sip of his coffee even though Dean is pretty much sure it’s still too hot to drink like that.
The next day, Cas puts Claire to sleep after lunch as she has been whining about having a headache since morning. Changing into a threadbare white tee and the faded jeans he usually wears while working on his paintings, Cas locks himself inside the painting room. He removes the cloth covering the portrait of Dean with a flick of his wrist and stares at it. He thought it was a great idea at the moment he decided to make a portrait of his ex-boyfriend since its purpose was to make him able to move on from the pain, however, it turned out to be bullshit. No matter what he did or still does, he can’t make his feelings- the good ones and the bad ones- regarding the man go away. It’s like a knot in his heart he cannot undo no matter what he does. A color stain on his soul which doesn’t seem to fade away even though it’s been years. Cas remembers the first stroke of his paintbrush on the canvas. It was kinda cathartic. Now it all feels fake. It feels like all the hours he spent, all the energy he burnt for the painting seems to be spiraling down the drain. Because the closure he wanted to get to move on isn’t anywhere nearby, not even by a hundred kilometers.
“Absolutely like a princess,” Cas replies, kissing her cheek. He fixes the white lace headband on Claire’s hair, fingering the wayward hair to its proper place.
They arrive home and Cas parks the car inside their small garage. He gets out of the car and helps Claire to get out too. Not looking back, Claire sprints inside the house through the door which leads to the main house and up the stairs to clean and get changed as her father prepares her food.
“Hey, Cas. Mind if I-” Dean juts his chin towards the identical swing seat hanging beside the one Cas is sitting on. Cas just shrugs in response and watches as Dean takes a few steps forward and sits down, wriggling a bit to fit properly on the small seat.
Cas stiffens a little, “What?” He tries to ignore the timing of Dean’s question but given how Dean had always loved to slow dance with him in the past, he suspects it has something to do with the music and the fact there are other people dancing with their partners.
“We moved here in mid-August, just in time for Claire to start a new class without falling behind the other kids,” Cas explains, looking through the window as if he is in deep thought. Cas’s eyes are a mesmerizing shade of blue as the natural light falls on him and baths him in a golden hue. Dean looks away before Cas can realize how hard he’s staring at him. Trying to make small talks, Dean asks Cas about his job, and in turn, Cas asks about his workplace and colleagues.
Baby stops outside the huge building and Dean peeks out the window to look at the entrance of the party, where people are moving about, some are entering through the large decorated double door while others are lingering and talking to each other. He turns to face the passenger seat where Donna is sitting, smiling widely and looking gorgeous in a grey color strapless evening gown. Her honey-blonde hair is twisted in some kind of complicated updo with some strands loose on either side of her face which is makeup-free except the eyeliner and a nude lip gloss.
, Castiel tries to convince himself. But his body betrays him as he feels even more nervous and jittery than before. His palms begin to sweat and gradually he becomes more restless. On the screen, a few citizens are rushed out of the building by a firefighter who’s too small to be Dean. The screen cuts away from the scene before Cas can check if Dean has made it out too or not. Cas pulls out his phone but then he realizes he hasn’t saved Dean’s number yet. He goes to his office, pronto, and pulls the drawer open, grabbing the folded paper stuffed inside it. Before his mind can change, Cas saves Dean's number, hands shaking as he types the word ‘Dean’. Not wanting to miss any second of the news, he rushes back to the break room. He looks at the TV to see if there are any updates but the news channel has already moved on. Cas texts Dean before his mind overthinks every single small thing again.
Claire nods, staring at the colorful bead bracelet around her wrist, “He’s supposed to be leaving the hospital tonight. He’s fine now, all thanks to you.”
Dean grins, “Tell me about it. Charlie, I want you to meet Cas. Cas, this adorable Willy Wonka is my best friend, Charlie. And this is Benny, my other colleague who is dumbass enough to be my friend.”
Dean presses on the brake, stopping Baby. His eyes take in the view outside the windshield. A lonely man standing on the edge of the dock, looking at the nature surrounding them- a lake, calm as a sleeping lion and a forest so thick one might get lost if they don't have a guardian angel with them. Dean gets out of the Impala and shuts the door with a resonating sound. But it's not enough to make the man turn around. He's wearing a beige trenchcoat which looks heavy and loose on his body. His hands are stuffed inside the pockets.
“I do,” Dean replied, looking straight ahead while holding the hands of his would-be-soon-husband loosely with his two hands. He could feel the warmth radiating from Castiel’s hands.
“Hello, papa bear,” Claire says, laughing. “It was so awesome. I learned lots of cool words AND I got to paint a picture.”
“I love it! Thank you, Dean!!” Claire squeals, pulling Dean from his stupor and hugging him again. The high pitched squealing grabs Cas’s attention. He turns to see Sam and Dean and walks over to them a little awkwardly.
3. Since the finale didn't go as we all wanted it to be, I wrote a fix it oneshot, so if anyone wants to read it go to https://archiveofourown.org/works/27655034
. Castiel gets up from his bed, still wearing the clothes from the previous night, and goes to the washroom to take a long scathing hot shower to clear his body- since it's smelling like shit- and his head.
Dean thinks bitterly, stepping backward and looking away from the face which somehow managed to twist the knife that has been stuck in his heart for the last twelve years.
“Listen, Cas,” Dean says, “We gotta talk.” Cas opens his mouth to reply with some jargon when the door bursts open. All heads turn to the door to see Charlie standing by the door, arms across her chest covering her loose dark blue blouse. Dean turns his entire body, a happy smile on his face.  Charlie drops her arms and Dean smirks at her outfit: a full-sleeve spruce blouse loose-fitted around her small figure exposing a bit of her cleavage, with tight blue jeans and comfortable platforms.
“This looks corny as hell. But sure why not even though it’s good to know Benny was your first choice instead of this handsome hunk,” He grins, pointing at himself, which earns an eye roll from his friend, before grabbing his jacket and following Charlie out the station and to her red car which is parked beside his Baby. Dean slides into the car and eases on the passenger seat as Charlie starts the engine with a grin thrown at his direction.
“Good, good,” Charlie nods in agreement, “And Cas... “ Charlie hesitates a little, “Don’t break his heart. I know it’s not my business but I know Dean. I know he’s never cared about anyone the way he cares about you. Dean acts like he doesn’t care, but I know he’s a lot happier around you, it’s nauseating sometimes.” Cas smiles gently, blushing a light shade of maroon as Charlie continues, “I like you, Cas. I like Claire too. I think you two have a good impact on Dean.”
Dean shakes his head, “It’s a little too late to explain all that now. All Cas sees is Lee. He’s gonna think Lee and I- that I went back to him when
Den is still confused because he doesn’t know how Cas, threesome, and stripper can fit in one sentence altogether. Understanding that he’s still not caught up to the story, Balthazar speaks up, “To celebrate my job offer at the London agency two years ago, I’d taken Cassie for a drink at a-”
The day draws to a close, the sun already set far below the horizon, causing the sky to be pitch black, when Dean hears a familiar and heart-stopping “Hey Cas!” from Charlie.
“Ouch, Cassie. You wound me. How come Michael the-stuck-up Novak can be your favorite brother? Huh? It’s me, Gabriel the-awesomest Novak. And secondly, my voice is fine as fuck, like honey-covered smoky charcoal.”
He grabs his black worn-outLed Zeppelin T-shirt and blue-and-black checkered flannel shirt along with his black jeans, which looks a bit fresher than the others, out of his closet and takes off his towel. Hurriedly, he wears the outfit and runs a hand over his slightly wet hair, hoping it’s enough to make it look a bit tame. Spraying cologne on his neck and armpits and wearing his grandfather’s ring, Dean decides he’s ready. Or as ready as he’ll be. Mentally giving himself a pep talk about how he will
Confusion, similar to his own, greeted him when he turned to his husband. They both faced the other Novak who had a small smile on his face.
“Oh sweetheart, there’s nothing straight about you but that’s fantastic! Now, I’ve to go before I miss the flight but don’t forget to inform me how your talk goes. And if you do
The plates clatter as Cas puts down them in the sink and washes his hands quickly and turns off the tap.
“Sorry,” The boy mumbles. The other boy in the Iron Man costume crosses his arms as Charlie takes him away to find his parents.
out loud. Dean and Charlie are like different sides of the same coin. They share the same similarities and passions but Charlie never overthinks in the same way Dean does. She’s open to new opportunities and encourages Dean to better himself too, pushing him beyond his boundaries. And when Dean’s being stupid, Charlie’s the one to pull him back and make him see sense.
“Can I see him? Please? I won’t go near the bed. Just, please. Let me be there.” Dean pleads, not being able to tolerate standing idle in the hallway while Cas struggles with his life.
“Here! I-I'm he-here”, comes a raspy male voice from the other end of the hallway. Dean rushes closer to the voice, pushing away debris blocking his way until he finds the man leaning against the wall coughing and clutching his chest. Dean almost goes numb, recognizing the man but after a moment of stillness, his brain drives right back into action.
Dean nods in understanding, smile not faltering, “Funny we both chose the same place to do some jewelry shopping. Well, shopping in your case. I’m just here to collect it.” Dean almost winces at his own rambling.
“I was happy to come so you don't need to thank me and Claire wanted me there so I couldn’t exactly not come. Speaking of Claire, where’s she now? Won’t she get scared or something in an empty house?...Unless there’s someone staying.” Cas notices a bit of hesitation in Dean’s voice at the end but he chooses to overlook it.
“Really? That’s so amazing. Now, let’s go home. We can talk about what other new things you did on the road.” Cas opens the front passenger door and places Claire on the seat and puts the seatbelt on. After securing himself on the driver seat, Cas pulls out of the parking lot and navigates the car towards the direction of their new home, while Claire chatters about everything she did and talked about in her new class.
“Oooh, are you texting your new boyfriend?” Charlie teases, peaking a glance over Dean’s shoulder. Dean almost jumps out of his seat at the voice of his friend. He turns off his phone and stuffs it back into his pocket, turning to frown at his friend, “He’s not my
Dean hums in agreement and looks out the window as his thoughts go to Cas. He wonders what he’s doing right now. He wants to apologize for the kiss but he’s not even sure what to say. In reality, he enjoyed it too much to be apologetic about it, yet he cannot tell Cas about it. It will make things worse than it already is. Sighing, Dean takes out his phone and switches it off since he doesn’t want any disturbance during the rescue mission.
The next moments go by a blur for Dean. He remembers helping his teammates pull Cas out of the wreckage. He remembers holding Cas’s hand with a strength that would usually make Cas wince but he doesn’t even respond. He remembers how fragile Cas looked when he was getting strapped on the gurney.
“That’s good. Off you go, little duckling, go finish your homework.” Claire makes a fake duck noise and hops away. Cas closes his eyes and tries not to overthink how one way or another he just continuously has to face the very person he is trying to stay away to protect his heart and his soul.
Dean laughs again, eyes crinkling as he did. He hands Claire some Kitkat bars and Snickers and a small red fire engine toy as a souvenir, noticing Cas smiling in the corner of his eyes as Claire takes the things with enthusiasm and instantly starts unwrapping one of the chocolates.
“Remember I told you Dean and I were friends?” Claire nods quickly and Cas continues, “Yes, we were classmates in high school but then we… fell out of touch as we grew up.”
“Cas.” Dean breathes and before Cas can understand what’s happened, Dean has both of his arms wrapped around Cas’s neck tightly and his head buried at the crook of Cas’s neck. Cas folds his arms around Dean’s back, pulling him close enough to feel his heartbeat against his chest and let Dean’s scent fill his nose. Moments pass but Dean doesn’t move nor does Cas. Eventually, Cas shifts forward without breaking the hug and pulls Dean inside the loft. Closing the door with his feet, Cas half carries half drags Dean to the couch.
Cas thinks smiling softly which turns bitter as he remembers that he can’t stay either. Standing beside the coffee table, he removes his tie first and places the card down on the table, deciding to get refreshed before thinking about what his daughter said. Cas walks up to his room, stripping down and entering the bathroom to take a very long hot shower. He rubs away his worries and anxieties and focuses on the positive things in life. Speaking to Charlie during Halloween made Cas feel so much better, knowing that Dean’s intentions for his daughter are purely good. Maybe he should give this a try. Even if he and Dean can’t patch things up exactly, Claire has already gotten so attached to Dean, it would be cruel to pull her away from him now. Cas steps out of the shower, drying himself with his towel and pulls on his T-shirt and sweatpants.
Dean turns to face Castiel, who is now watching him with the same intensity in his mesmerizing blue yes he always watched him with since the day he'd walked into that barn 12 years ago. Dean's stomach twists as Cas's eyes roam all over his frame. Dean doesn't know what he's searching for. However, he's not gonna say anything. What if he says something which upsets Cas? What if he leaves him? Again?
Cas sighs, slouching his shoulders in relief, “Thank you so much, Dean. I’ll drop her off Thursday night.” Dean and Cas talk a bit more about their lives, catching up. Dean tells stories about some of the calls he’s been on, earning some soft smiles from Cas. They talk and laugh until the sun sets, replacing the natural sunlight with the artificial lights of the street lights. Cas thanks Dean again wholeheartedly before leaving with a smile on his face.
“It is!! Oh, dad? Can we invite him over for dinner tomorrow?” Claire asks, “It’s been a week since Halloween, I miss him too, dad.”
Dean knows Cas is gonna lose his shit soon but he can’t lie to Claire, “I made a mistake. I thought it would be better if your dad and I got some space. You know, sometimes people need space to figure things out, even best friends. But I was fu- freaking wrong.” Dean finishes and stares at Cas.
“I guess I’m a bit worried Claire might find it too chaotic. There will be a lot of people and costumes. I dunno too much details. Just the things that are mentioned on the invitation leaflet.” Cas says now thoughtfully.
“Yeah yeah. Are you gonna take my advice or not, Cassie?” Balthazar coons from the other end of the phone.
“You know,” Dean starts, “You raised an amazing kid.” Cas’s face turns to him, blue eyes fixating on the green ones as Dean continues, “She’s incredible, brave, smart, kind. And it couldn’t have been easy, but- you know, I’m proud of you.” Dean doesn’t know why he is saying all this but he can’t stop the words spilling from his mouth.
“I learned from the best,” Claire smirks, turning to see her dad trying to get his shit together. Agreeing, Dean laughs gently even though his insides are squirming, his gut yelling at him to talk to Cas before something else happens.
Cas sighs, “I’ll think about it, sweet pea. You need to finish your English project first or I will be in so much trouble with Miss Garcia.”
“Come on, let’s check up on Claire,” Cas says after he’s finished his drink, trying to shake off his nerves that come with just being in Dean’s close vicinity. They leave the glasses on a tray, and Dean follows Cas. As they approach, Claire’s head snaps up, an enthusiastic smile spreading across her face.
look at. The said man is staring at him without any hesitation as if he’s not feeling an ounce of what Cas is feeling right now. Knowing he can’t avoid Dean for the rest of the evening, Cas glances up, trying to relax his shoulders a little.
“Cas is just afraid to get hurt again, Dean,” Sam says quietly, “But he’s not fragile. He’s strong and resilient and patient. He will listen to you.”
Dean is a pro at shooting. He did several training sessions for the fire department and had gone hunting with his dad as a kid, so this? This is
When the call ends, Cas buries his head in his hands and groans in frustration. Dean Winchester is gradually making him feel all sorts of things he had buried a long time ago and there’s no escaping from it now and nor can he deny it for anytime longer.
More reasons for Cas to doubt his love in the past while in the present he gets invited to a get-together by someone close to Dean...Can Dean handle it?
he cusses at himself for the umpteenth time. Walking to the balcony on the second floor of the building, he grips the handrail, gazing out the fire station. The sky is currently filled with dark and heavy clouds.
Anyways, let's see if the get-together makes Dean and Cas closer or it complicate things even more...
Cas smiles, driving down the road, gripping the steering wheel tightly, “Yes, sweetheart. I’m pretty sure I remember my only daughter’s birthday.”
Dean swears, covering the man with his body as more rubble fall over, “Fucking hell, Cas, come on.” The man with the blue eyes turns to look at his face, finally recognizing the voice calling his name. Examining his face, Dean realizes Cas is severely bruised and struggling to breathe despite wearing the mask. Dean pulls Cas away from the fire and away from the crumbling wall. He doesn’t take off the coat Cas is wearing in case it helps protect him from the flames, but he removes his dark blue tie and unbuttons the top two buttons of his white shirt which helps Cas breathe a bit easier. Dean hooks an arm around Cas's torso, pulling him along the hallway while dodging the sudden outbursts of fire and everything that's falling apart around them.
It takes more time than Cas thought it would take, so he hastily puts the shopping bags in the backseat of his car. Checking the time on his phone, Cas realizes Claire’s school is about to end, and if Claire doesn't find her dad waiting outside the school on the very first day, Cas will have to deal with an extremely angry Claire which, in turn, will make him frustrated with himself. Cursing internally, Cas runs a hand over his head. Driving to the school as quickly as he can without breaking any traffic rules can be challenging since he tends to forget about the speed limit- which often caused him to get speeding tickets in his younger days.
“It was great! I won a maths competition and beat the smartest kid in class!!” Claire exclaims wiggling around on her seat excitedly.
“Balthazar?” He calls out, climbing down the stairs, grimacing at his own louder than a whisper voice which triggers his headache to remind him it's still there.
As the medics pick up Cas and put him in an ambulance, while Claire stands nearby with a brown-haired woman and a blond boy around Claire's age, Dean leans against a fire engine, beside his colleagues, desperately trying to think about anything else other than the man who’s now laying in the ambulance, unconscious.
“Here, lemme help you,” Dean offered, and without waiting for Castiel’s answer, he tightly yet carefully grabbed Castiel by shoulders and helped him sit up, leaning his back against the headboard with a pillow between him and the wooden surface. Castiel turned to face his husband to thank him but the words died in his mouth. Dean’s face was only a few inches away from his. They were close enough that Castiel could feel the other man’s hot breath on his lips and he was definitely sure Dean could see his suddenly racing pulse on his neck.
“Had to take Claire to the nurse, she hurt her elbow when she fell,” Dean says, sliding on his seatbelt.
“Dean, you were doing your job. You both were. You saved a little girl. Benny knew what he was getting himself into. Benny wouldn’t want you to beat yourself down like this,” Cas says softly.
Carefully threading through the groups of children in costumes, Dean returns to his table from the washroom and resumes handing out candies to hyperactive children and smiling reassuringly at worried parents. He glances up to see a little girl with red curls running up to him.
What should he do now? Call Cas’s family? But he doesn’t have any of their numbers. Dean tried to think of something but his brain seems to be stuck on playing the part where Cas was lying unconscious on the stretcher on a loop. Pressing the heel on his palms on his eyes, he tries to get his mind to work as if enough pressure on his eyes would make him forget about the image scarred into his mind. Minutes pass like that and finally, a nurse comes out of the ICU.
“Oh, don't worry, you’ll get sick of hearing my voice pretty soon,” Sam laughs, “Bye, Dean.” Dean ends the call just in time to hear the sirens go off as red siren lights start to flash periodically and Donna starts rallying up everyone to go on another call. Flinching at the loud sound, Dean dashes down the metal stairs.
Since Cas is out of commission for at least a week, it’s decided that Claire would have to go to school with Ms. Kelly and Jack. The little Novak listens quietly as her classmates talk about the fire without saying anything. She is still worried about her dad even though her dad promised that he’s fine. A few students had run up to Claire asking about her dad on her first day back after the incident. Two days have passed and after analyzing the whole situation, the investigation department has revealed the cause of the fire as a short circuit in the main circuit board of the building.
“Dean? Are you okay? Tell me what you need. Please,” Cas pleads, his voice a gentle tone because he doesn’t want to do anything to make Dean feel worse. Watching Dean like this is already breaking his heart as if someone is bashing the organ with a rustic hammer. He desperately wants to wipe off the broken look from Dean’s face.
The audience standing at the pews clapped loudly. Giggles, happy murmurs, and exclamations of joy were so loud, passersby outside the church could hear them.
“I better go. I need some more stuff for thanksgiving,” Cas says, about to turn his shopping cart when Sam stops him.
“Castiel always puts his work first, so if he hears any problem related to the hospital, he’ll rush here even before you can say the word problem. So I hope you try to keep him away from work on your trip. And don’t let anyone from the hospital interrupt you. He needs to be away from a while, you know, for relaxation.”
A poke on his side makes him turn his head. Sam is shaking his head, trying to look subtle but failing to a large extent. Dean rolls his eyes and shifts his weight from one foot to another.
“- met him when I was hired to do a photoshoot for the birthday of the company,” Balthazar is saying enthusiastically while others are listening to him soundlessly, “it was around two years ago, wasn’t it?” He asks Cas who nods in agreement with a small, “Yeah, two years ago.”
“Careful, now,” Donna says. They pull the seat out, successfully, with the girl alive and breathing. Dean helps lift the seat, maneuvering her over to the ambulance. Everyone pitches in to help and when the job is done, Dean is ready to pass out from exhaustion.
Dean smiles, bouncing his head up and down enthusiastically, “Oh, of course. And yes, I’ll call if anything happens.”
Dean’s eyes fall to Cas’s chest and he goes numb. Totally and completely numb. A piece of glass is poking out of his chest, a thick ring of blood pooling around it and dripping down on his lap. Dean wants to scream, to fold Cas into his arms. He doesn’t realize he’s mumbling Cas’s name until Charlie comes beside him and curses as she sees Cas. She has the Jaws of Life to crack open the door so Dean snatches it from her and tries to break the door open. But his shaky hands and frantic breathing doesn’t help him too much. He swears loudly and tries again.
“Happy birthday to my favorite Novak!” Dean grins, picking her up the exact same way that Cas does- arms under her armpits-, and spins her around. Claire laughs and hugs Sam once Dean gently lowers her back to the ground.
“Her name was Candy.” Another interruption from Cas, whose flushed cheeks were glistening with sweat even in the dimmed light of the place. Dean tries hard not to look at him like the fool he is.
A while later finds the group talking about random things while enjoying their drinks. Dean has decided to act normal since he knows opening his mouth to say something would do more harm than good.
“Dean, whether be a part of the team and help us without trying to do everything by yourself or be his friend and stand aside while we pull him out of the car,” Donna says firmly while Charlie manages to open the door. Garth is on the other side of the car, trying to open the passenger door.
“Dean responding, is everything okay over there, Cap'?” Dean replies back into the radio attached to his gear, covering the lower part of his face with the arm not holding the man.
Dean tilts his head- a trait he had caught from Cas himself-, “Come on Cas, in two days? Look, she’ll be fine with me, I promise. You know I would never let anything happen to her. And she loves me.”
Dean’s breath hitches. He doesn’t say anything but his eyes are now firmly on Cas. After a moment of silence filled with tension, Dean speaks, “For closure? You mean you wanted to forget me? To, what, move on? You already had, remember? You were the one to leave. You had a fucking girlfriend who gave you a kid. You had moved on, Cas. If anyone needed closure, it was me. Not you.” The last part is just a broken whisper, which manages to make Cas almost flinch.
Cas bits his lips anxiously, pressing the call button. His heart is beating so fast he’s afraid it’s gonna jump off his chest.
Cas slowly rubs Dean’s back, finally noticing the mess of his once beautiful loft. There are beer bottles in corners, plastic wrappers, tissues, and papers on the floor. Then he spots a few ceramic pieces on the floor and recognizes them as broken pieces of Dean’s old ceramic owl. It doesn’t take Cas long to figure out what happened to that ornament.
Apparently, Dean has been too busy staring at Cas since he missed some parts of the conversation. Clinks of glasses hitting wooden surfaces break off his wayward thoughts and he catches up with the discussion.
stole away his sleep and wrecked his calm. And hearing his younger brother’s voice always makes him focus on reality.
Dean nods, removing his gloves hastily. He glances back up and sees the blue eyes watching him from the crowd.
Dean smiles fondly, “Well, I love you like you’re my own daughter, Claire. I know you already have an incredible and brave father but I’m always here for you. And for what it’s worth, those kids bullying you are not worth your time, kiddo.”
The lights flicker one by one inside the houses on the streets as the sun sets in the horizon, painting the sky black, and the crowds of kids in extravagant Halloween costumes come out on the streets which fill the air with laughter and juvenile excitement. Earlier weather forecast claimed it's gonna be a cold night which, according to Castiel, is a blessing.
“Did- do you love her?” Dean questions in a whisper but it feels like a yell to Cas, his throat suddenly closing up, choking him. He stands up, the swing seat flying backward with a force, without speaking up. Throwing the almost burnt out cig down, he smashes it on the ground with his shoes. Dean gets up from his seat too, taking a step towards him. However, Cas shifts and begins to walk. Heart beating fast and mind messier than before, Cas manages to take a couple of steps before stopping dead on his feet. Though he's fully aware he should say anything anymore right now, he can't help himself but open his mouth. “I loved her...but I wasn’t
Dean notices him staring and, instead of saying anything or looking away, he returns his stare. The silence feels like a rubber band on the verge of snapping. The air between them is too thick. Too chaotic. Cas feels paralyzed. His heart is saying something but it's beating sound is too loud for him to listen to it. He hopes Dean is the first one to look away, to break off whatever that’s happening between them right now. Dean-
“Came here to clear your family name, Castiel?” A voice interrupts them, making  Cas turn around. Bart Baker, one of the rivals of the Novaks in business, is standing with his hands in his pockets, looking like a cat who got the canary.
After a few minutes, Dean spots a familiar face, at the entrance of the garage. A well built scruffy looking man with dark black hair and a black jacket to match his fiery personality.
Dean almost tells him to pay the next time. But he’s not sure if there will be a next or not, so he chooses to be silent instead.
Dean’s mind races. The nausea returns, bubbling deep inside his stomach, and he can’t do it anymore. Glancing once more at the duo, now fooling around on the makeshift stage, he decides it’s better to leave.
“Woah, okay, everyone, stop!” Donna orders. Charlie holds her breath as her delicate fingers fumble to stop the bleeding. She glances at Sarah, who exhales and nods in response. They were okay.
Cas curses to himself as he speeds towards his home, pressing down the accelerator every time he has the flashback of Dean missing him. Or rather him kissing Dean. Dean. What might Dean think of him now? He cannot just go and kiss Dean. Not when they aren’t together anymore.
Kelly stays with Cas for a while, until Cas passes out from the medication in his system and drifts into a very deep sleep.
Cas is staring at. A guy around their age with short blond hair, wearing a black jacket over a white v-neck shirt and black jeans, is standing at the front of the bar. He has a wide wicked smile on his face as he stares at Cas.
Heart threatening to jump out of his throat, Dean dashes to the car past everyone, almost tripping over the yellow tape. He reaches the car and peeks inside it through the window on the driver’s side. Bile rises up to his mouth as he sees Cas slumped against the car seat, a nasty looking cut on the side of his forehead, drying blood on the side of his face while some have dripped down onto his chin and the collar of his grey shirt, staining it with dark red color. His eyes are closed and his skin is too pale to be normal.
“Okay.” Castiel cleared his throat. He watched as Dean grabbed his things and hurried out of the room. A moment later, Castiel’s eyes fell on the object laying on the surface of the dresser. He sighed. Dean had forgotten to take his wallet. Hoping his husband hadn’t already taken off, Castiel got up from the bed, swallowing a groan from the pain on his shoulder.
Whatever happens afterward seems like a bad b-rated movie that Dean never wants to face ever again. He hears another loud crash. He sees Benny’s eyes widen as he realizes what’s happening a split second faster than Dean does. He sees Benny push the young girl towards him and he instinctively grabs the girl as she wraps her arms around Dean’s waist. He watches as the ceiling comes down, collapsing in front of him. He reaches out for Benny but it’s already too late. He watches as the ceiling crumbles down right on top of Benny, crushing him under its incredible weight. The young girl screams at the booming groaning noise, burying her face in Dean. Dean feels like he got all his oxygen completely knocked out of his lungs. He can’t breathe. His vision blurs and all he can see is dust. The girl in his arms screams again, and her high pitched screams pull Dean back to reality. He tightens his grasp on the young girl in his arms. She's probably a few years older than Claire Novak, and Dean runs, silently promising to come back for Benny after he makes sure the little girl is safe because obviously nothing can't happen to Benny. Not with Dean still alive to help him. He fights the tears, fights the indescribable and searing pain in his lungs as he breathes in dust and the pain of what he just saw happening. Dean’s sole focus becomes saving this one girl. He lets it consume him. Finding escape routes, tying rope, and lowering him and the girl down safely. The moment they leave the building and rush out onto the darkened streets, the building crumbles into the ground. The weight of bricks and cement coming down together stirs up more dust. Dean wants to scream. He wants to claw his way back to his friend to save him, but he can't. Not anymore. He coughs violently, shielding the girl from the dust with his body. Donna, Charlie, and Sarah sprint towards them. Donna asks for Benny. When Dean falls to his knees as if all the strings supporting him have been cut off, they understand. Sarah checks upon the young girl who has gone completely mute in terror. But then again, so has Dean. Charlie and Donna pull Dean to the side, Charlie checking his vitals, conflicted between doing her job as a medic and being Dean’s best friend.
After a few drinks, all of them are at different levels of tipsy. Balthazar told them about his photography gig and Lee, in turn, informed him and Cas- since others already knew about it- how Dean helped him with his business set up and promoted it to almost every person he met. Cas just smiled emotionlessly in response.
, like one day he wasn’t there and the next day he’s everything. First Halloween, then charity and now babysitting his daughter. It’s like the universe is trying to tell him something. But Cas isn't much of a believer of destiny. So he thinks it’s all just a string of strange coincidences and acts of convenience.
Despite his heartbeat thumping faster and his palms getting sweatier with every passing second, Cas turns his head towards the direction where Sam and Lee, who’s sitting on the opposite side of the table, are looking at. In hindsight, Cas should have known his own reaction to Dean coming to the bar. But he underestimated his feelings and now he’s internally struggling to act normal.
Trust Balthazar to stop the conversation abruptly. Cas huffs, knowing Balthazar deliberately sent the annoyingly contracted words just to irritate him. He rolls his eyes and patiently waits in the line for his order.
“Hey, don’t worry,” Dean says, his eyes screaming sincerity. Cas stares at him for a moment, before he decides to wrap his arms around Dean.
The tenth of October closes in too fast for Dean’s taste. He gets ready wearing his favorite green jacket on top of his maroon white one. He checks the rose pendant he’d bought for the little Novak and closes the small black cube box carefully. Sam slides his head through the door to check if his brother is ready, and they leave Dean’s place hurriedly, determined not to be late.
with that. It’s like Cas can't see the way it makes Dean’s heart practically seize up in his chest, a physical pain. The way he can hardly control the urge to just
But inside of the car it’s just him and Dean, and Cas wants to hold onto that feeling for just a beat longer. It's like nothing he has experienced in all of eternity. Because he knows how Dean feels about him. Dean’s soul cries out to him; desperately, shamelessly, clutching at his Grace whenever it can. Cas would have to be completely Fallen not to hear it. Even as close as he had come, it had still been the loudest thing in any room where they were together, and often even when they were apart.
They start construction in the middle of their city, in the space they had put aside for sermons and offerings. The foundations are deep and strong, and they promise a building far larger than anything as-yet built by non-celestial hands. The ambitiousness worries some of the Host, and their unease ripples through their Song and all the way up into the highest Chorus.
It spreads quickly throughout the Host, and as one they turn their eyes to the Earth, to the garden grown by Joshua to mimic the great garden of Heaven. As above, so below.
“How long, Cas?” Because Cas is often accused of being too blunt or too literal, but he is remarkably good at talking around a topic and leaving you forgetting you asked a question if Dean lets him get away with it.
When Castiel joins his siblings, Gamorrah is burning; rings of unnaturally bright and steady flame dot the city, and inside each one of his siblings stands, the edges of their Grace seared and raw. It should not be possible, but Castiel sees it with his own eyes.
. For love and for friendship. Castiel has siblings, brothers in arms, but that’s because that is what they
Cas, in some small and fundamental way. Like that Greek story about souls being split in half, except that Cas made them that way, not fate or destiny or any of that bullshit.
And for the second time in existence, the Archangel Michael commands the Host of Heaven to go unto the Earth.
And that’s why Dean can get so mad at him for so long, the way that he can only hate himself. Because he and Cas are the same. And it’s also why Dean has always tried to get so
Dean knows for a fact that Cas understands things like circadian rhythms and private time and when it is and isn’t appropriate to just pop up in a place. Dean knows, because he’s taken great times to explain it to him, and Cas absolutely refuses to put it into practice.
Birth, and not Creation. The Nephilim were never meant to exist. Without a plan, they force their way into existence, no choice but to take from where they can. Castiel loses five eyes. He will never be able to watch his back again, but he knows that compared to many of his siblings his losses are not especially grievous. Eyes are hardly the only part necessary for a burgeoning new species, particularly not one that requires pieces that only an angel can provide.
So Dean says something about Cas returning to Heaven, and Cas takes that as his queue to leave. He spreads his wings wide, and prepares to step into the celestial Plane. He says one last, silent good-bye to the Earth, and then–
But even so. It is necessary to give it all up, to protect the soul in his care. So he does. He has only ever wanted to
Castiel reaches out gently with his Grace and slips slowly into her memories. They’ve barely even started to form. He has a suspicion that he could probably do nothing and her mind would simply repress the day all on its own. But it’s not what she asked, and he wraps the last few hours up in his being and detaches them from her mind.
Eventually, Castiel learns to simply turn off any awareness of his vessel. It is a genuine shame. He  misses the feeling of the wind ruffling his hair as he runs, and the sun on his skin. He misses the relief from stretching and pulling his muscles just right, the strange, small pleasure in flexing the tendons in his hands. And he misses most of all the unexpected warm feeling of the warrior beside him throwing a friendly arm around his shoulders, the lingering phantom hand patting his arm. Angels can touch, in a way. In another way, they are always touching; their true forms passing through each other effortlessly. And in another, more real way; angels cannot touch one another. They can’t
When they ask, Dean tells people he’s semi-retired. He keeps the watch. He doesn’t wear it because he doesn’t want to run about with ectoplasm or whatever congealing under the band because he forgot to clean under it. But it’s motivational. Aspirational. He thinks about giving it to Cas to look after in the meantime but it feels too much like he’d been giving him kind of a weird promise ring, and he’s not some fucking teenage girl. Plus, Dean doesn’t know if Cas wears his vessel when he goes to hang out with the stars and deep sea monsters and shit but if he does the watch would probably break or explode or something that would be an equally bad omen if Dean is projecting any notions of the future onto it.
But Castiel prefers to watch. He likes to see the way they move and spread across the land. Barely 100 years ago they were scattered to the wind and fled back to their ancestral lands to lick their wounds, and now they venture out again into the unknown with barely a stick to poke into the mud in front of them to make sure it has solid ground underneath. He likes to watch the way they wage war; the way they think about it, the way they take their time and make plans, the way they will wait hours or days to even start a fight if they think it will give them even the slightest advantage. Angels are not natural strategists. When you’re more powerful than almost anything else in Creation, you don’t have to be. The war against Lucifer and his followers had been drawn-out and messy, a head-on assault that could have been clean and efficient if they’d had the idea to maybe think about their next move. Castiel suspects that they have at least one thing to learn from humanity.
, not even a kind word, but just so that he could be wherever Dean was. So he never worries about Cas abandoning him like he does with literally everyone else, and even though Cas does leave sometimes Dean knows he’s going to come back because there’s nothing out there in existence that he wants more than Dean’s safety and happiness; not revenge, an education, a normal life, not anything that everyone has always chosen before Dean. But, it’s still so hard to convince the little four year old boy that was left behind by his father in a motel room that he can be
He gets a kick out of it, Dean’s sure; fluttering into the bunker when Dean’s out grocery shopping, so he comes back to find Cas watching TV or chatting earnestly with some visiting hunter who’s watching him with stars in their eyes and one hand on a weapon. Then, Dean can sidle up to him, press their arms together, maybe tangle their fingers, and pretend like no more time had passed since they last saw each other than it took Dean to buy bread and milk and ammo. Or, winging in while Dean’s just pottering about the bunker doing mundane shit. He’s overcooked more than a few meals when Cas has strolled into the kitchen unannounced. Once Cas popped in while he was in the bathroom, his reflection suddenly staring at Dean from the mirror like some cliché horror movie ghost while Dean was brushing his teeth, and he nearly stabbed himself in the back of his throat with his toothbrush when he jumped in surprise.
Sometimes when Dean blinks awake and shifts a little so he can look at him better, Cas has his eyes closed and his chest rises and falls like he’s breathing and Dean doesn’t remember it, but he knows Cas has been wandering through his dreams. It should feel like a violation, having someone in his head, inside every unconscious thought he has. It doesn’t.
Castiel is not chosen to kill the first born. The Word comes that Pharaoh has defied the Heavens for the 10th and final time, and Castiel remembers his first vessel telling him that they are only children.
But, Dean also knows that Cas stays for him, because he wants to be with him, and because this is Dean’s home so Cas makes it his own as well.
And then, the prayers began; vague, and soon increasingly specific. Gabriel, please tell me if my sister is alive and well. Raphael, please heal my son. Michael, please smite my enemies. At first they do not answer, afraid of the destruction they had wrought. And then, almost by accident, the archangel Gabriel discovers that with permission, it is possible to inhabit the body of certain, special people, and use their vessel to converse with the rest.
. Cas isn’t meant to be cooped up underground, in a bunker where you can’t even look out a window and see the sun and the sky. He isn’t even meant to be on
in his wrist that’s more felt than heard where bone brushes together. He pushes his hand through hair that had flown in front of his eyes in the moment of possession, and he marvels at the dampness where sweat has gathered at his temples and along his hairline. Angels cannot feel
Cas promises that one day, when Dean’s just a soul and he doesn't have to worry about inconvenient things like breathing, that he will take him to every beautiful place he has visited, to every icecap and desert, to the very depths of the ocean. To whole other galaxies, to planets and supernovas and little balls of ice hurtling through space that no human has ever seen, and maybe
It’s sort of like talking to Claire, and hearing her reference some internet meme that makes no sense to Dean even after she’s explained it. And Dean only puts up with that because it’s a miracle that Claire even wants to talk to them at all, and he knows how much it means to Cas that she does reach out on occasion. Dean doesn’t really get it. She should hate them. It would make more sense if she hated them. They stole her father from her. Because Cas may have been the one possessing Jimmy’s body, but Sam and Dean had been the ones who’d followed him around hoping Cas would take him back. It wasn’t fair, cruel even; and Jimmy had seemed like a nice guy, a good dad whose family had clearly loved him, and Dean had been
After, Castiel watches the Chosen as they wander the desert. For 40 years they have nothing but sand and the sun and mana from Heaven that is sent to keep them alive, as they never find the land that was promised to them; an endless struggle for seemingly no reward but hope.
than them. He’s been around since before such potential methods of reproduction were even thought about, let alone a necessity. Dean had spluttered about that not being what he meant. And Cas actually
“Not since the beginning.” His voice is still low and slow, almost placating, as if he’s worried that his intensity is going to make Dean freak out. It does freak him out. He fucking
And it was enough; knowing that no matter what else Cas cared for him, keeping it all this unspoken tangle, knowing that he loved Cas and Cas chose to stay with him, even if it wasn’t exactly in the way that Dean wanted. Because Dean stopped believing in God and all that crap a long time ago. Angels weren’t watching over him, except that they kind of
Claire, a little girl barely in her double digits. It’s so fucked up, Dean doesn’t know where to start even thinking about it. Claire should
better than that. Heaven needs him, and what is Dean next to Cas’ duty? So he’s going to let Cas go, and Cas is going to wing off to heaven, and that will be it.
But sometimes, it’s more than that. A desperate prayer, a cry for help; those will drag Cas away for an hour or so at absolute most. But sometimes, Cas gets– well, if Dean were being flippant, he’d call it
So. Dean does ask him to stay. And Cas says yes. And at the next intersection, Dean turns the Impala South.
The garden is lush and green, the sun shining down and a pleasantly cool breeze ruffling the leaves on the trees. The flowers grow to echo the song of the Host, circles of all sizes interconnecting, enveloping, the colours harmonising. And inside of the centre circle: there is their Father’s newest Creation. The ones that they have been told to love as they love God Himself.
But still; there had been a point where Dean had hoped Cas would be human for good, when he had been so afraid that angels couldn’t
But, above all Castiel loves to sit with his brother Balthazar, who plucks new plants and animals from the well of celestial power as effortlessly as he himself was Created. He has a particular affinity for insects; red and gold and green bugs skittering over his form like little jewels, shining in his own light. Castiel watches as Balthazar’s Grace spits, slow and clean, and a beetle crawls out of the crack. Castiel reaches out a tendril of his own Grace and settles it in front of the bug, and it clambers from Balthazar’s form and onto his own seemingly without a care.
He warns Anna and Uriel to be careful, and he goes back to the Hall. Balthazar sits with him for a time. Castiel has never known him to have more than even a passing interest in humanity. Likely only his utter indifference saved him from siding with the Morningstar all that time ago, so Castiel doesn’t see any reason to draw his attention to them. It worries him a little when Balthazar joins him, but he doesn’t look down to the Earth. Instead he sinks long, needle-fine tendrils of his Grace into his chest and very slowly and carefully pulls out a tiny bug, it’s legs flailing as it fights to stay inside the fresh wound in Balthazar’s Grace. He settles into his work, carefully slicing at the bug’s wings until the light shines through membrane; little hexagons of shimmering pearl and sunset pinks. Something too small for the only eyes on Earth who may appreciate its beauty to even see. But what else are wonders for, if not for their own sake.
