She startles. “Everything okay?” Her eyes stir in what looks like genuine concern.
He grabs Cas by the side of the head, locking him in his gaze. “Cas, buddy, I want you. I want to be with you, I want to spend the rest of my fucking life with you.” He breathes out, “If you’ll have me, that is.” Dropping his gaze down to Cas’ lips. Cas might love him, he might
He feels it, the
“I could stop if it makes you uncomfortable.”
Marnie sighs, “We got the fountain soda’s Sprite, Coke, Fruitopia, Root-beer, Fanta, and Iced-tea. Chocolate, strawberry, vanilla milkshakes. Chocolate, white, and strawberry milk, orange juice, apple juice, and lemonade. Plus ya’ know, water, tea, and coffee.”
“Um, okay. Sure.” He mumbles. Cas isn’t even sure he heard him right before Dean side-steps past Cas into the bathroom. The door shuts before Cas can even question him, leaving him standing there, alone, wondering if he's going to be sleeping alone again. He collapses backwards onto the mattress. He’s more tired than he thought he was, he’s still not used to regulating his body but he feels the weight of it, how it pulls at his eyelids, makes his body heavy. Once he pulls back the blankets and slips into bed the exhaustion finally takes over. He doesn’t know if he can sleep but he closes his eyes anyway. The fabric of the blanket scratches at his skin, feels strange, a new sensation he wasn’t really expecting. The human body is so strange, there are feelings for everything. He can hear a faint rustling and a muffled voice behind the wall but he can’t quite make out what he’s saying, then the shower starts and all there is the drowning noise of the water hitting the linoleum tub.
It’s easier sometimes when he’s not himself like for the moment he isn’t Dean Winchester he’s... He grumbles and pulls the badge out from his inside pocket, he really should’ve checked which badge he grabbed before he tucked it away but all the other badges were also there, Sam’s, the one Jack made himself. He feels a small tug of a smile at that memory, but he didn’t hastily grab a random badge because of Jack, it’s because he knows if he looked carefully he would’ve remembered the three freshly made badges sitting in the glove box that has never been opened.
She looks up, her dark eyes, almost black in the low lighting are rimmed with tears. The glass in his hand shatters under the pressure of his grip. Beer splashes out, soaking his shirt and the table in front of him splashes Lila’s cheeks and hair. She sputters and makes quick work of wiping the offending liquid from her face.
“Nothing? You have no questions for me?” He moans, “Jeez, what’re they teaching up at the academy nowadays.”
He knew he couldn’t listen to Dean try and care about him, about his situation, to put on his
“Well yes, but I also wasn’t expecting, if I did ever wake up, for you to be where I ended up.”
His fingers twitch for his gun. Dean sees red, there’s a static noise reverberating around his skull.
She doesn’t even blink at Cas just turns back towards Dean. “A coffee and a water? Got it.” She smiles and leaves. Dean blinks, “Wait.” She turns back around.
She swings her legs over under the table and nods him over to the other side. “Listen, Perry. I don’t like cops and I don’t trust feds so the only reason you’re still sitting in my bar is because Harry was like a son to me alright?”
“Dean?” He tilts his head in question and Dean falls forward, collapses into Cas’ arms. He’s not crying but his chest is rising
. He swallows, hard, trying to keep the absolute nothing in his stomach from lurching up his throat.
Lila looks like she’s holding back a laugh, “Yeah, I’m fine. Are
They stay seated on the bench, Sam in the middle, Cas and Jack on the left, and Dean on the right, turned towards them. The metal armrest digs into the small of his back and his knee is aching from kneeling over to wipe Jack up, but sitting here with everyone he loves, everyone he loves
He plasters on a smile. "Course, Sherriff. I don't want there to be anything going on here as much as you do."
thank u for reading! sorry again for the late update :( also yay!!! 100k fics!!!!!
He doesn’t remember a lot from last night, there were drinks, and there was blood… he remembers how fucking
“Hello, Dean. Good morning.” He had said, his voice was hoarse with sleep and misuse. Dean had looked so tired, his skin was pale, under eyes dark. There was a cut on his chin, marked red with a healing scab, he was as beautiful as the day he pulled him from hell, as beautiful as the day he left him. The freckles across his skin still marked out all of his favourite stars, his eyes wrought with tears and looking at him through wet lashes.
Cas wishes more than anything he could feel the longing he knows Dean is carrying, he’s always carrying it, can’t remember a time when he didn’t feel it, save for now. He doesn’t understand it, but he knows it like it’s his own, the way it feels, the heaviness of it all, the way if Cas isn’t careful it could consume them both. Dean is always carrying the weight of it and yet Cas has never known what it is.
He takes it back and takes the money he threw and folds it up. At the front counter, he pays for his meal and leaves Marnie her tip. She doesn't look at him at all. He's dumping his change into his pocket and turning for the front door when she speaks up.
When Dean thinks it, it sounds like a threat, like a double-barreled shotgun aimed at the chest, like his finger on the trigger, like the knock-back, like the blood. It looks like the limp body curled up on the floor, hole in his chest, choking (always choking) on his own blood and the body’s still talking and it’s still trying to get the words out but there’s so much blood and the gun is heavy in Dean’s hand, but his finger is light on the trigger.
. That’s what he had seen on his face. So that’s what the whole flashback episode was about.
“Yes.” Cas grits.
Sam nodded and took a knee to gather Dr. Lea’s body up into a fireman’s carry. He hauled the body out to Odie’s blue Land Cruiser. After stowing it, he slid into the bench next to Odie. She seemed more centered. She pulled out wordlessly and they drove in the moonlight, past fields of citrus trees, up and down winding stretches of two-lane blacktop.
Jay shook his head. “My dear Elena was gone before Ixchel could get her.” Odie’s father’s spirit fixed Sam with an exasperated look. “Can you tell your boyfriend to put away the knife so I can speak with you, daughter?” Sam opened his mouth to protest the label, but Odie’s hand on his knife arm silenced him. He stowed it, along with his concerns, and crossed his arms. Odie sank back onto her bed to listen.
“But why is
With Cas’ reassurance, Dean nodded, and took the mirror from Cas’ hands. With Cas’ guidance, Dean positioned it in front of his face so that it captured his head and upper torso. Cas firmly lifted Dean’s arms straight out in front of his body. “Keep it right here,” he ordered. Dean nodded.
Dean wrinkled his nose at the thought, but nevertheless suppressed a grin. His gigantor brother reminded him so viscerally of that gangly teen Dean could never keep fed all those years and motel rooms ago. “Go wash up!” he hollered, loud enough to alert Cas and drown out the lovebirds on his deck. “Grub’s on!”
The sex helped, too.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas said across the bar. Dean licked his lips and looked back up, realizing Cas was staring at him.
“You never loved anyone like this again.” stated Jo. She looked older now, tired and sad.
Sam, Odie, Cas, and Dean meet and exchange information about the case. Sam and Odie earn each other's trust.
Cas went stony and still under Dean’s hands. He quickly removed all points of contact between himself and Dean, but stood resolutely in front of him, waiting patiently. Dean couldn’t help but laugh helplessly. Of course. Cas thought he was having another ‘freak out.’
Dean whipped his head toward her. “I have so!” he retorted.
“Sam!” Cas said in a warning tone, cutting his eyes at Jack who was watching, nervous and confused. “It’s Christmas.”
Now Dean had to bite his lip entirely, raising his eyebrows. She invited them to divide into couples before continuing with her instructions, directing them about the room to yoga mats with floor pillows that were set up throughout the space.
Pretending I’m not sinking
Dean sighed, a heavy thing full of regret. “I thought knowing if you didn’t feel the same way would be the worst.” He smiled a tiny smile. “But now…” Dean nodded, certain in his hopelessness. “This is worse. You’re gone and now I’ll never know. Never knowing is worse.” Dean looked at the shifter Cas, who still had a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “You can’t give me that, no matter what Sam thinks.” Dean flashed back to yelling at Sam in the bunker, lost and desperate: “Cause right now I…right now I don’t believe in a damned thing.”
Dean turned around to find Mia had already exited the room while he had been talking. “It’s okay, Dean,” Mia’s voice came from the upstairs hallway. “Sam already showed me what you need.”
At the war table, Sam is alternating between books and laptop, searching for a way to find Jack. Cas is, of course, worried about finding and protecting his charge. He’s having trouble focusing, however. An image keeps rising, unbidden, to his brain. Black feathers on pale skin. Every time he remembers it, he has to catch his breath.
Sam switched seamlessly into nerd mode, curious despite himself. “It doesn’t?”
Thoughts whirled in Dean’s head, competing to fly out of his mouth, but nothing came. Instead, he did the only thing that made sense; the only thing that seemed to adequately express what he wanted to say, and closed the scant distance between his lips and Cas’.
“You wanna get a tattoo” Dean repeats slowly “for me.” Dean’s tone is like a statement, but his intent is clearly a question.
Dean stumbled out of bed and groped his way to the window, pulling aside the curtains, upsetting a cloud of dust that rained cigarette ash smell into the room, clouding his vision and making him cough. When the fine powder settled, Dean almost shrieked. Jo Harvelle stood just outside the window.
leaving the bunker?” Jack was asking.
“Warm baths, low lights, calming music or white noise, sexual release-” Cas continued, ignoring Dean’s startled sputter.
“Yeah, no. No, I’ve got to drive.” Dean’s playing backup to whatever Cas wants, even if his heart’s not in it. Copious vodka and an evening away from Sam and Jack sounds like a damn vacation. Cramped hours behind baby’s wheel sounds like hell to his tired muscles, too.
Cas put a hand on Dean’s face. Dean closed his eyes. It was how Cas had healed him. It was also exactly how Dean had fantasized about finally, finally, being held, drawn close, kissed.
Sam looked over at Odie, who was unloading bags of gear from the trunk. She paused to distribute some treats to her neighbor children who had gathered around. She ruffled one on the head, smacked another on the butt, and they laughed, circling Sam with curious eyes. The sun was setting behind Odie’s house. Sam realized his mouth was open. He shook his head slightly, in a daze. It was as different from the bunker as night and day.
“Hey kid, remember your mom? No? Me neither, at least not really. Not Mary Version 1.0.” Dean knew he’d gone too far. Knows he was way out of line. Yet he didn’t seem to care enough to stop himself, even when he saw Cas tense out of the corner of his eye. “You know why? Oh, that’s right. They died and left us. Hell, mine died on me a few times over. They loved us, but it didn’t save ‘em. Didn’t leave us any less alone. And our fathers…well, even Cas is in the Deadbeat Daddy club.” Jack rocked back as though Dean had physically slapped him, but Dean wasn’t frozen mid-air in nephilim sound waves, and Jack’s eyes hadn’t glowed yellow, so Dean figured he was still golden. Ha.
Cas followed Sam’s retreating back, moving slowly under the weight of the dead body of Dr. Lea. The snick of the door disturbed the room’s quiet. Dean’s head dipped for a moment, and Cas caught a quiet sigh escaping Dean’s chest.
Bobby shook his head in resignation. “Damn, but you’re a stubborn ass. Might as well be listening to myself talk. Don’t you get it? The memories you make here? That’s all you get up there!” Bobby jabbed his finger at the stained motel ceiling. Then he grabbed Dean’s jacket and pulled him close, somehow gripping him iron-tight, despite his semi-opaque hands. “You gotta make the time now or you’ll regret it later. I sure do, and I was married! At least I had you boys! What are you gonna have, Dean? Have you ever thought of that?”
Sam had agreed not to speak to Dean and Cas once they boarded the 12-seater in Belize City, to keep up their cover that they were unrelated travelers once they arrived at the resort. Dean got sloppy and grabbed his arm once, on the bumpy landing, but luckily none of the other passengers seemed to notice. Sam smirked. Wuss.
“I’m not afraid anymore” Dean whispered, his voice scratchy, as he scrambled out of bed. “Thank you Jo, thank you Charlie, thank you Billie!” Dean closed his eyes, overcome with feeling. “Oh, Bobby, thank you so much! That was the best night with three women from my past I could ever have imagined.”
Dean smelled the sharp tang of Cas’ sweat. The angel had taken to morning trail runs in the national forest near the treehouse cabin Odie and her hunter contacts used as a safehouse since it had an absentee landlord. They joined the wake in progress after the hunt, and Dean had slept through almost 12 hours of hard-partying, cocooned in Cas’ embrace. When they finally emerged, Dean predictably avoided Cas by throwing himself into the debauchery with gusto, dreading an ensuing “chick flick moment” with Cas.
“You wanna get some air?” Dean hinted to Jack.
Dean took a deep breath as if he had just surfaced from a long submersion underwater. Cas just looked down and to the side, but did not move his hands from Dean’s.
He grabbed for the handle of the truck, higher than normal due to some modified 35-inch tires. When he pulled himself up to slide in the passenger side, he got his first good look at the driver, a young woman with dark brown skin, her shoulder-length black twists covered by a trucker cap. She pursed her lips at him. “Are you Sam?” she asked in a vaguely English accent with a little more something mixed in that he wasn’t able to identify.
Dean flopped down on the bed, crawling quickly underneath the covers in his t-shirt and gym shorts, chosen particularly for this shared sleeping situation and asked “Are you just going to sit there all night and watch me? I told you, that’s creepy as hell.” Every alarm in his head went off, but somehow Dean found himself patting the bed next to him. “C’mon, man. I don’t bite.” Dean flicked back the blanket on the other side.
“Ladies first,” Charlie said, indicating the door. Dean rolled his eyes and opened it. They descended the stairs together, unnoticed. The scene was exactly as Dean had left it earlier in the night. An assortment of found and recycled ornaments adorned the Christmas tree’s branches. Lights were evenly distributed throughout the branches, except for where Sam had obviously tired of detangling them. A large knot of lights clumped in the back, where Sam probably figured no one would see them. Dean bit back an affectionate smile.
So apparently making writing promises is a terrible jinx, because I promptly got super sick for the last two days. I'm recovered and posting two chapters today. This one is Sam/Odie and mystery/case development. Let me know what you think of Odie!
Her face softened and she said “I know you like to pretend to be functionally illiterate but even you’ve heard the Tennyson quote. ‘Better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all.’”
Dean lay in bed on top of the covers, reclining against the headboard, trying not to move his head more than absolutely necessary. Despite downing the ibuprofen and water Cas had left for him, just getting showered and dressed had taken every ounce of energy he had. The room had barely stopped spinning so he had little else to do but lay there with his laptop open pretending to do research and reflect on how badly he had fucked things up last night.
Sam gets hurt. Twice. Odie nurses him, but she might be a witch? Also there's clues! And Dean isn't the only Winchester dealing with self-esteem issues.
The potholed parking lot was so dark Dean almost couldn’t see the room number. The key dropped into the gravel and he cursed, stooping to pick it up.
“Hey,” Dean managed finally. If Jack and Sam thought the situation was awkward, at least they had the decency to stay quiet.
Sam began to protest, then remembered his dad basically did the same, out of a sick sense of protection. “It happened enough, back then,” said Odie, sensing his skepticism.
Dean barked “I don’t have a blockage in my heart-Chaka-Khans! Just leave me alone,” he spat out, waving his hands for emphasis. Brian beat a hasty retreat, and honestly, who wouldn’t when confronted with peak angry Dean? Kelsi looked at Cas with an apologetic, sad smile, then left the room.
He swallowed and turned back to the scene by the lake, focusing his attention on his face. Watching his past self as an outside observer made Dean feel really weird, but if that was his ticket back into his bed, fine.
An indelicate snort from Dean’s six betrayed his brother’s presence. “We made mango salsa,” Sam said, tossing the leftover dish at Dean, who barely caught it with his hands still occupied with the spatula. “I’m starving!” he exclaimed, shaking his even-shaggier hair out of his eyes. “We hit the waves hard this morning, and I worked up an appetite.” He slung an arm around Odie, and their knowing glance suggested to Dean that perhaps they had worked up more than an appetite afterward at her place.
Dean approached Jack. The nephilim was still hovering near his stocking, shoving a candy bar into his mouth. Apparently Santa had remembered to bring Jack some nougat. Dean glanced at his brother, who gave a half shrug and indicated Cas subtly with his head. Of course. Cas really took the whole stepdad thing seriously with Jack.
Cas covered Dean’s hands with his own, tilting the mirror slightly. “Oh, no, Dean. On the contrary. You are so strong. You are doing so well.” Cas’ register was warm now, reassuring. “In fact, you’ve been so good-” Dean let an involuntary groan escape as this praise pooled deep in his belly. “-you’ve been so good for me, Dean.” Cas repeated, fervently. “You’ve earned a reward.”
He doesn’t go too far though, he keeps his hands on Dean’s shoulders, rubbing through the fabric of his shirt, small, reassuring circles. His skin burns. Cas lets out a breath, his whole body shaking with it. “Are you alright, Dean?” He asks, his voice vibrating slightly in the sweet summer breeze.
wash over the bar, the poppy, disco beat covers up the hardened thumping of his heart against his chest as he tries his hardest to form a coherent thought.
He remembers how tired he was, how much his body ached, how strange it felt to be skin and bone once again. He remembers how the sheets felt against his skin, and how the lights lit up from behind his eyelids. He remembers how much he wanted it to be real, how close he was to give in, to letting the Empty win, until he heard a creaking and shuffling beside him. The Empty was convincing, but it was never able to capture the noises of everyday life, the Empty was silent, it was nothing. Each noise sounded like a guess like it wasn’t quite sure what it was doing, but the quiet breaths from beside him were anything but. They were real.
He barely has time to graze over the menu before Marnie returns. Everything he sees makes his stomach turn almost as much, if not more than Marnie's smile has. He guesses he's the sort'a hungry where you get real sick of the thought of eating if you've gone a long time without. He's more than familiar with that feeling.
His hand is heavy over Dean’s, his thumb rubs softly over the bone of his knuckles. “I have to go back out to the festival for a second, I’ll only be a second. I’m not leaving, I'll be right back. I’m not leaving, please just stay here.” And then the weight of his gaze and the heat of his fingers on his own is gone. Left alone, not for the first time, with his back up against a concrete wall, his head in his hands, trying his best to control his breathing.
He thinks about a ring of fire, about a God wearing the face of someone he trusted more than anyone, he thinks about a body in a lake and how he didn’t know it was possible to feel so much. He thinks about losing him, then getting him back, then losing him and losing him and losing him and--
Marnie refills his coffee cup and he watches this time because he knows it won’t bother him. Cas is sitting right across from him, his boots knocking against Dean’s every so often. There’s nothing left to bother him— except, he watches the coffee pour out of the pot like the outstretching arm of the Empty and he feels his throat dry up, and he feels his heart pick up its pace beneath his ribcage. He feels the same as he did yesterday; like he’s close to dying.
“Yeah Cas, I love you anyway.”
There’s another rustling of fabric, the mattress dipping. Cas’ heart gallops in his chest, he thought about Dean leaving but actually being faced with the actuality of it all is terrifying. He’s always the one to leave first, he doesn’t know if he could survive watching Dean leave him.
“Cas, baby, will you look at me?” Dean asks, so sweetly and so patiently. Cas wants to curl up in the timbre of his voice and fall asleep.
He picks up a stray piece of glass and rolls it around his uninjured hand, watching as the light reflects back against it. “He was my best friend, my only friend and he died, t-to save me. He, before he um. He told me, told me that he lo-," he tries, he does, to get it out, to make himself say it; but it's like his tongue doesn't recgonzie the words, his lips don't know how to form around them— he just can't. "And then he.” He’s shaking now, the table shakes under his arms, his thighs are jittering across the leather seats.
The door creaks on its hinges from overuse, the floor sticks under his boots as he walks across it. It’s gritty and underlit, but he can make out the polaroid photos on the wall to his right over top the rows of booths. The posters, paraphernalia and neon signs over the rest of the walls, The bar itself is situated right in the middle of the large room, an oval like shape with bar stools situated around the whole of it.
"My father passed away 11 years ago."
"No, I'm... I got stuff to do- I got homework." Dean lied.
"Dean?"
Without hesitation, Dean grabbed the axe sticking out a wooden stump beside him and rushed over to Benny.
Cas nodded, "he and I are lot closer than my other siblings. Anna is at college now, we talk but I haven't seen her for nearly a year. And Michael and Luci are assholes at the best of times."
"Yes, sir." Dean answered, unable to detect if the man was just messing with him or not.
The guy was married with kids, he had moved on from what happened between them all those years ago. Dean wanted to say that he had too, but deep down he knew that was bullshit.
Cas sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose as he took a deep breath.
"I'm sorry about my friends and dumb brothers. They try to be funny, but only succeed at being idiots."
Before Dean could grab his hand, Cas began to disappear as Dean slowly opened his eyes to find himself lying on a hospital bed.
"I swear to God, Dean, you are a slow fucking learner! You still got someplace to be Saturday night?" John questioned.
He quickly grabbed Benny’s arm, slinging it over his shoulders as he practically dragged his friend away from the ticking time bomb of a crane.
Dean watched as the car disappeared down the road before Lee and Jo walked over to him and Dean knew he was in trouble by the expression on their faces.
One of the other workers quickly took Benny from him before Dean ran back to help the others stuck under the logs and that's when the explosion happened.
"Nah, I got it."
Castiel Novak.
Dean hummed in agreement as he finished twisting the loose wires together.
The crane tipped, crashing into the log pile. The iron droppers set up to keep the logs in place pierced through the fuel tank sending fuel spraying out the crane.
It was late afternoon as he pulled over to the side of the road, picking a couple bundles of wild flowers before climbing back into the Impala and driving to the cemetery.
Instead he grabbed Cas' arm and began pulling him towards his car that was parked at the front of the garage.
"I decided not to come." Dean muttered, watching Castiel who stood just inside the garage by the door.
That night after the guests had left and the yard had been cleaned of all the rubbish, Cas told Kelly and Claire that an old family friend had passed away, and that he was going back to his hometown on the weekend for the funeral.
He watched Dean for a few a moments while the man fished for his keys out the front pocket of his jeans and although a lot had changed Cas still found the man drop dead gorgeous. His hair was darker now. His arms were still dense with muscle, more muscle than what he had when they were teenagers and he still wore the same style clothing and the old leather jacket. But, Cas did notice a thick scar that ran down from the side of Dean's eye, down to his jaw line.
"Cassie, c'mon. Let's go." Gabriel shouted as Michael pulled up beside them.
Dean wanted to hate Sam for leaving him alone with their father. He wanted to be angry at his baby brother for leaving him, but he couldn't.
Making his way over to the garage, he glanced over at the house, but couldn't see any lights or cars parked out the front, so he figured nobody was around.
"You and Gabe seem to be close though." He pointed out.
Castiel gave him a friendly smile before he walked back towards his friends and jumped over the back door of the convertible as Michael sped off.
His father had taught him a bit about mechanics when he was a kid before the fire, but after that his father stopped and Dean taught himself everything else.
“20 years.” Cas informed and Dean nodded.
Cas was sitting at the benches on the porch of the café, talking and laughing amongst his friends.
Cas wanted to tell Gabriel, but as much as he loved his brother, he also knew the guy couldn't keep a secret for the life of him and he didn't want to put that pressure on Gabe. Although, Bobby did seem to know what was going on between them, but he never said anything and just let them do whatever they wanted to which Dean was grateful for.
If only it was that easy. He doubted he'd ever be able to get away from his family and no way would he be able to afford college, let alone afford to move across the country.
Cas' eyes widened as he took in the dark bruise covering Dean's eye.
Dean stared at him in disbelief for a few seconds before he began to shake his head.
Although, it had been 21 years, but he wasn't going to say that out loud. Cas had obviously moved on with his life, he was wearing a damn wedding ring on his finger and Dean wasn't about to correct him and sound desperate or anything.
He didn't really know the other man that well, but considered him a work friend. Dean knew he had a wife and daughter waiting for him at home and like hell he was going to leave Benny here.
"You're asking me out on a date, Cas?" He asked because he couldn't figure out why he would even want to be seen with him, let alone ask him out on a date.
Shit, he was in so much trouble.
Suddenly, his father slammed his half drunken bottle of beer down on the card table. He stood up from the couch and marched towards him.
"Hey, have you thought about what you want to study in collage yet?" His mother-in-law, asked grabbing Claire's arm gently as she walked past her.
He quickly sat up in confusion, looking over at the glass door but it was dark outside and he couldn't see anything.
He rushed towards the door and quickly opened it, a thousand questions running through his head, but didn't get the chance to ask one before Dean spoke up.
"Balls." Bobby muttered, walking off towards the garage door as he pushed it open and Dean took that as his cue to leave.
Lee climbed out the car and they both walked around the back about to start pushing when the honking and shouting continued.
"I take it, you didn't know what Bobby was up to either? I mean, I caught up with him every few months, but I didn't know he had this whole plan set up." Cas finally responded in disbelief.
Yes, Castiel's family was highly respected in town and people might not care about his sexuality. But if word got back to his father or his cousins that a Winchester had been seen on a date with person of the same sex... it would be a totally different story and Dean would be lucky to live to tell said story.
under his breath and yeah,
Quickly, Dean began to throw the little belongings he had into his backpack. A few pairs of jeans that weren't completely torn to shreds along with a couple flannel shirts.
It was probably just one of his work colleagues from the office asking to swap shifts with him or something. But this was the third time the person had called and he figured he should probably answer it in case it was Gabriel or someone who really needed to talk to him.
"Well, I'm trying to." Cas chuckled nervously and Dean stared at him for a few seconds trying to figure out if he was being serious before he nodded. "Is that a 'yes'?"
"It won't happen again."
"You did." Castiel admitted, leaning against his car door as Dean dropped his head and stared at the ground, not really knowing how to respond to that causing Castiel to frown. "Okay, maybe I'm reading the situation wrong, but are you... are you gay? If you're not then forget I even said anything and I won't bother you again, but-"
Dean watched as Cas walked over and sat down beside him on the wooden log, their thighs brushing against each other's slightly as Cas looked over at him taking in the dark blue and purple bruise covering his left eye and Dean nodded.
Castiel was the rich popular guy, whereas Dean was the total opposite. The Novak's were practically royalty in their town and everyone knew and respected them. Although, everyone knew about the Winchester's, they definitely did not respect them. Everyone tried to stay clear of the Winchester's knowing they were nothing but trouble, which was why Dean always tried to keep a low profile.
It wasn't that he liked school, he actually hated it and thought it was pointless with the stupid shit his teachers would teach. But he'd rather sit through bullshit classes than sit through bullshit with his family.
"You still live around here?" Cas asked, breaking the awkward silence between them as they slowly followed the footpath down the main street.
The following morning he was up with the sun and continued working on the car until he had to clean himself up and go meet with the attorney, but for some reason he was nervous.
He walked along the footpath down the main street when sudden honking and shouting erupted behind him.
"It's been a long time." Dean stated, tucking the rag into his back pocket.
Dean just shook his head as he thought back to the day of the fire. He remembered the heat of the flames as he tried to run back inside to get Sammy and their mother, but it was too late.
"Yeah." Dean cut him off and immediately shut his mouth straight after, shocked that he just said that out loud.
He spared a glance at Dean before he put the car into gear and took off down the driveway, passing the black truck on the way out.
"This is why I didn't want to go out in public." Dean said softly, lowering his head.
He doesn’t understand the situation, not really. If Dean hadn’t wanted Cas to stay with him, he could’ve dropped him back off at the Gas ‘n’ Sip, he could’ve said he had the night shift so Dean wouldn’t feel any sort of need to help him out. Why drive him all the way to the other side of town just to have him leave?
He signals over the bartender, a younger man with black hair and a scar across his forehead, and orders a pint of whatever’s on tap. He looks at Dean like he doesn’t even see him, like he’s looking right through him. Dean recognizes the tired glazed-over looks, the clothes that have clearly been slept in. Dean can tell he doesn’t want to be here as much as he can probably tell the same about Dean. He’s looking right through him and Dean actually feels almost seen for the first time in months.
“How old are you?”
He’s been here before, several times in fact. Cas with Meg, Cas with that woman from the Gas n Sip... Nora? Cas with that insane woman who pulled him from the river and then married him… Marnie is hot and she’s nice, and she seems to know what she wants, she has a great smile and she’s probably funny too, probably great in bed, they’d actually make a good pair once Dean thinks about it a bit more, but all that does is bring back the sour taste in his mouth from before.
It is.
Dean intertwines their fingers against the mattress and Cas’ heart leaps and stutters, he pulls back and opens his eyes, hadn’t even noticed he’d closed them. It’s brighter down here, he can make out the features on Dean’s face, he can see him leaning forward, chasing his lips, can see his eyes flutter open and his eyes to drop to their hands on the bed.
“I still pray to you.”
him and Marnie, and Dean catches her eyes and a chill runs through his entire body. When he blinks, she's turned back to her friends and Marnie's pushing herself up from the booth, “Sorry for bothering you, It’s nothing, I think I’m just overreacting.” She's back behind the front counter before Dean can even react. His card sits untouched on the table.
his skin, as everything happens outside him, not that he'd ever admitted to anything like that out loud, it's just hard. It's hard to shake himself out of shit like this. It's hard to want to.
the swirly chair turned away, a dark liquid, coffee, drips off the edge of the desk and from below the computer keyboard that takes up most of the desk space. He looks at the door closed to the corridor to his right but sees no one. He hears the distant sounds of typing, of chattering coming from behind the door where he assumes the rest of the precinct is laid out. Behind the desk is an open door, behind which he hears shuffling and mumbled curses.
“—got so hammered he couldn’t see straight and ended up in the woods, some wolf’s dinner?” Dean nods. “No question about it.”
“And now?” He asks, sliding his hands into the back pockets of Cas’ jeans. “How do you feel?” He asks, hoping Cas can’t hear the sincerity in it.
Dean’s eyebrows draw together in confusion, the badge does not usually get that reaction. he looks at her again and realizes just how young she actually is, he squints.
“You could probably just take that if you wanted, I don’t think they’re gonna miss it.” He whispers, knocking into Cas’ shoulder as he walks up to him.
He can’t even name it, names have too much power.
He needs that warmth, that connection, that togetherness so much he’s shaking with it. Wiping the tears from his cheeks he fumbles around the blankets. He reaches toward the sound of Dean’s voice, mumbling something quiet, something Cas wants to hear but the ache inside him is too deep, too hungry for anything other than this. He clasps his hands around Dean’s face, cupping his cheeks and pulls him into a kiss.
She doesn’t look up, busy drying up the wet mess the towels left behind. “He’s out. Should be back soon maybe,
He clears his throat, “No, not a question. I’m just looking to get some information of Harry’s day-to-day, his habits, that sort of thing. Was told this would be the place to do it.”
“I apologize if she insulted you in any way. She isn’t a big fan of..”
He smiles lopsidedly and sighs, he rubs his thumbs over the backs of Dean’s hands, “as human as an angel can be.”
His chest tightens as Dean looks at him with pleading eyes, in no world, or time would he have ever imagined Dean would ask this of him. His grip crushes his fingers, turning the tips of his fingers white-- almost as if Dean would keep him here no matter what his answer was. It’s a welcoming thought. He can almost imagine Dean wanting to keep him in the way Cas wants to keep him.
“Fuck, Cas. I can’t— I’m ruining this already, I can’t even fucking put our kid in his goddamn carseat without freaking the hell out.”
Don’t fucking tell me he’s been up there with you this entire time He doesn’t get to just.” He rubs the heels of his hands against his eyes until he sees spots, “Don’t tell me he can hear me and see me, that I’m..” He’s what? Does he even know?
Cas looks like he wants to reach over across the table, his gaze drops down and his fingers fidget but they don’t move. He looks sad all of a sudden. “You can do whatever you want Dean. You know that.”
He never really let himself imagine what it would be like to see Cas again after the first few failed attempts at a rescue. It’s all he had at first, imagining the Empty opening back up and Cas stepping out. He had run it over in his mind over and over and over as he poured over books for days without rest. He thought about what he might do, pull him close and hug him tight against his chest, some days when his anger won out against his grief he would imagine knocking Cas up against the closest wall as soon as he saw him and screaming at him, sometimes he thought about greeting him with a fist to the face. . But after the botched spells and summonings, the failed prayers, Dean buried all those thoughts pretty quickly. The idea of hope was just another weight on his chest, eating at him.
He looks up at the bell that chimes as his still shaking hands push the door open. He makes sure to knock any residual snow off his shoes before walking through the door, the woman behind the counter sizes him up, an occupational hazard, (fictional occupational hazard?) but she smiles thankfully at him when she notices him looking back at her
Cas nods, he’s quiet for a minute, his brows furrowed as he thinks.
His mind drifts as Riley taps away at her computer. He finds himself thinking about Sam, how he's doing—though he knows he doesn't deserve to. He thinks about how odd it is how he doesn't find himself itching to go back to the bunker, how odd he doesn't refer to it as home anymore— how can it? There's nothing left for him there, not anymore. Sam he's.. and Jack. It's harder to think about him than almost anything. The way he had smiled before he left, devoid of all feeling. A part of him knew it wasn't the Jack he knew, not anymore. Whatever he absorbed from Chuck had fucked him, but he was still a kid, their kid. He was still Jack to him and he
There are rare occasions where Cas is the one to wake first. Cas has lived a life and that, more often than not, results in the body,
But all he does is think about that the first time he felt something was when he broke open the skin on his hand on the glove box, and before that, on Sam's face. He doesn't like it, but he can't stop the thought once it swims to the surface, most of the time he spends his time like he's
But what could he have done when all the air from his lungs and all the warmth from his body had been pulled out from the hole in his chest. Carved open by Cas’ own hands, as he reached inside him and tugged, and pulled, and loosened every nerve and muscle he had spent his life hardening trying to get as his heart.
“Sorry, I. I don’t really know how to act at these things if I’m being honest.”
Baby's front seat is something welcome. He sinks into the vinyl like memory foam, the seat molding to the familiar form of his body. His vision beings to clear, but not much else happens— his heart still overpowers even the loudest of noises that fill the February streets, his fingers still shake against the wheel. He's driven worse before, it doesn't even matter. The lights of the dashboard flicker on, a quick, searing pain against his eyes.
And yet.
He pulls his other leg up onto the bed, seated facing Dean. The heart in his chest, his heart, has picked up in pace, he an feel it thumping against his ribcage. Maybe Dean can hear it too.“Why not?”
“She never expected him to stay gone, he never even took his damn car. That’s why she filed the report in the first place, no one had seen the poor fucker.”
It bounces around the inside of his skull like a wasp locked in a mason jar being shaken around. He feels it looking for a way out, buzzing violently around; it doesn’t want to be forgotten about.
Cas doesn’t say anything, in fact, Dean doesn’t even think he heard him speak in the first place.
Dean raises a brow. She doesn’t lookup.
Dean nods, “Listen, uh” he scratches his chin, “have there been any other cases about bodies missing hearts? Humans, maybe any farm animals?”
Dean pats the space beside him, “let’s just get that all cleaned up okay?” He nods towards his injured hand, where the blood has just started to drip down his palm again.
Dean sighs, "Sherriff, I'm not trying to step on any toes here, I go where they send me, so I'd appreciate a bit of leniency if you don't mind." He just needs to get through this, it's just a hurdle, he can do it, one small,
He’s not a man out of time, he hasn’t been gripped— thrown, or moved, he’s been still and quiet as the rest of time moves around him. His entire being is anachronistic. He’s not supposed to be here. He’s cut a hole in the fabric of the universe and squeezed himself inside. He doesn’t exactly fit.
around other people, people who
“I’m Neil, I uh,” He flips open his badge for her, she squints her eyes but doesn’t pull it closer, or lean over any. “FBI, I’m investigating Harry’s death, uh Marnie invited me?”
, he couldn’t care less about the back pain.
"Oh, he speaks. He's sort of funny."
Dean just stared at him for a few seconds before John chuckled and walked back into the lounge room, sitting down on the couch as Adam passed him another beer.
Him and Cas had been seeing each other for a couple weeks now, nobody knew except Lee and Jo.
Dean was slowly making his way across the school carpark, not caring that he was one of the last ones to leave the school.
Neither of them moved as they continued to stare at each other, taking in just how much time had gone by since they last saw one another.
Dean turned around to find his father standing by his truck while Adam and Christian began to climb out the back.
He didn't need much and he didn't want much either. He hunted his own meat and didn't venture into town much unless he needed something. He spent most his free time in the woods when he wasn't working. The woods was more of a home than his caravan was, his caravan was just a place where he ate, slept and showered.
He spent most the drive debating where to stay the night once he got into town. There was a bed and breakfast motel that was pretty cheap, but if he stayed there it was only a matter of time before word spread that he was back in town and he didn't want his family to know.
It still had the old faded 'Welcome' sign at the entrance of the town. The stores that lined the main street were all the same, maybe a few new shops and some that have clearly had renovations done, but it was all still the same.
He'd been driving for over six hours now, but he didn't mind the long drive. It was nice to just sit in the Impala with the windows down, the Led Zepplin mixtape playing softly in the background as he drove across the country.
Now, for the first time in over 20 years he was going back home.
"I just shot up a 17,000 dollar pick-up truck. About broke my heart to do it." He joked before continuing. "They'll be back whether you're here or not. It's not safe for you to sleep out here anymore. I'll fix you a place inside." Bobby informed, glancing over at the garage before he began walking back towards his house.
Castiel Novak.
Dean stayed back letting Cas walk in first before he followed, nodding his thanks to Missouri before he glanced around the room, checking his surroundings before he sat down on the chair beside Cas.
Castiel didn't say anything for a few seconds as he stared at him. "Well, then let's go somewhere private."
"I'm not gonna get hurt." Cas tried to argue, but Dean cut him off.
Although, many of the memories were painful, it was here where Bobby befriended him and it was here where he'd met Cas.
He glanced around the street, spotting a dirt driveway to his left that lead to a fairly large house and a wooden garage. He figured that was a good place as any to camp out for the night or at least until the rain died down a bit.
Once satisfied that he had collected what he needed, he opened his bedroom door quietly, peaking his head out to make sure nobody was in the hallway.
His chocolate milkshake long ago finished as he fiddled with the straw inside the glass and stared at the clock on the outside wall.
"Do you want me to keep going?" Bobby questioned.
His old man turned bitter and angry after the fire, he was furious that Sam had died in the fire, but not in the way any normal father would mourn the death of a son. He was pissed that his six-year-old son had died because he had 'so much potential' compared to 10-year-old Dean who John got stuck with.
Without a second thought he quickly stood up and walked through the front door of the café.
The flames finally reached the leaking fuel causing the entire crane to erupt.
Dean placed the last of the flowers in front of the headstone gently.
All he could feel whenever he thought about Sammy was guilt. Guilt because it should have been him who had died instead. His baby brother didn't deserve to die, neither did his mother.
"Yes, sir."
He had vague memories of falling from the edge of the waterfall. A fall that should have killed him in an instant, but the next thing he knew he was floating in the water.
Dean nodded diverting his attention back to what was under the hood as his eyes scanned the engine trying to find the source of the issue.
"Try it now." He said, pointing towards the drivers seat.
"When can I leave?" He asked a few seconds later, looking back at the nurse who was now holding a clipboard.
Slowly, Cas took a few steps forward, lifting his hand as he gently cupped the side of Dean's face as he glanced down at Cas' lips.
"Your wife plant these?" John asked when suddenly a bullet pierced straight through the flowers his father was reaching for.
Suddenly someone appeared beside him, helping them push. Dean glanced to his left and had to do a double take when he realised it was Castiel. Why the fuck would he want to help?
Missouri quietly closed the door behind them before she sat down on the chair behind her desk, sitting opposite them.
"You didn't listen to a goddamn thing I said, did you?" John questioned, taking a few more steps towards him until they were practically face to face before he slammed his fist into the side of Dean's head.
Grabbing the key, he unlocked the padlock to the garage and pulled open the large sliding door.
Claire just rolled her eyes, walking past Cas and patting him in the shoulder as she began making her way back to the pool with her friends.
"If I stay, they'll come back." Dean spoke up a few seconds later.
The two of them sat there for nearly an hour just talking. Cas mainly talked while Dean asked a few questions, but he liked it like that. He enjoyed listening to the mans voice as he spoke about school, his family and past memories. He liked listening to Cas complain about class and stupid stuff Gabriel had done and Dean found himself laughing and smiling more often than not while he spoke.
"I-I can't... We can't just..." Dean stuttered tripping over his words as he struggled to say what he was trying to, rubbing his face with shaky hands. "Can't be gay in this damn town. We can't just go on a date like normal people, man."
At least his family lived on a property on the far side of the town. A bunch of old rundown cabins and small rusty trailers covered the land that his father and cousins called home.
He had been working on the Impala ever since and had finally gotten her in a driveable condition.
"Cas?"
Dean was unable to stop himself from laughing, knowing Cas didn't want to get his new trench coat dirty since his parents had only bought it a few days ago. But, that didn't stop Dean from chasing him around the garage.
Although, it couldn't be much worse than having to witness her parents arguing all the time. But, as strained as their marriage was, he still believed in his vows. He loved the woman Kelly had been, and he loved the woman he knew she could be.
The woods was his escape, his safe place. It was the one place he could disappear to where his family wouldn't be able to find him.
Dean didn't elaborate any further, not wanting Cas to know that he'd been living in a trailer.
They had been buried beside each other and Dean placed a bundle of flowers on his mother's grave before he sat in from of his brothers.
To his relief Castiel was too focused on whatever his brother, Gabriel, was saying beside him.
Their marriage never used to like this, it used to be happy and loving, but it hadn't been like that for years. They argued more often than not, but it was never violent, neither of them were like that. But, it occasionally got loud and they'd shout at each other before one of them walked off, allowing them both to cool down.
Dean looked over at Lee who tried to look annoyed, but failed miserably when a grin slowly began to take over his face causing Dean to roll his eyes.
"I'd even shower and show up. How about that?" He asked and Castiel's face broke out into a bright smile as he nodded in agreement.
"I wanted to go somewhere, and maybe have some coffee or some ice cream. You ask me questions, I ask you questions and if we just so happen to like the answer, Dean, then maybe we'll go on another one. And if we don't, then we won't. Nobody needed to know it was a date, just two friends hanging out, but God, if that's just too much to ask, then fine." Cas ranted, running his fingers through his hair as he stared at him before shaking his head. "Forget it. I'm done."
"That's good, because this is where you belong. Here."
He hadn't seen Cas for over 20 years, but for some reason his mind began to hallucinate the man he fell in love with all those years ago.
So, instead he walked over to the garage, kicking over a brick by the door exposing the spare key that Bobby always kept there.
It was home.
Well now if the man wasn't planning on firing the gun earlier, he sure as hell would be planning on it now.
Kelly didn’t say anything in response, but looked a little guilty as he went back to packing his suitcase in the bedroom.
"Adam and Christian are your cousins. Who's your brother?"
He said that he could stay here if he helped fix whatever cars he needed to work on and Dean agreed straight away.
They just needed to get this over with for Bobby's sake and then he and Cas could talk about all the shit that happened 21 years ago.
Why the hell would he tell him? Nobody but Lee and Jo knew and he did not want that little bit of information to get out.
Dean quickly lowered his head back behind the hood, but didn't say anything, knowing that Cas wasn't finished.
Dean Winchester never thought his life was worth much.
He only meant to stay there until the rain stopped and he'd go back outside and try figure out where he'd go, but he must have fallen asleep because the next thing he knew something was poking him in the shoulder.
"You and Gabe must be close."
"You are either the worst car thief in the history of the world... or you have a story to tell." The older man said, taking a step back so the barrel of the gun wasn't pressing into Dean's shoulder as he sat there frozen staring at the man with wide eyes. "What's your name?"
"I don't want you to take this the wrong way because you're my best friend and all, but you are a jackass. Did you not see that guy who just pushed a car to try and talk to you?" Jo questioned, staring at him in disbelief, but Dean shook his head as he pulled down the hood of her car.
There were a few workers wiping the benches around the café, while Lee sat at one of the booths with Jo sitting opposite him still in her uniform and chatting away happily.
Dean understood how Gabriel would feel like his best friend as well as his brother because Sam used to be Deans too. He understood that better than anybody.
"Castiel Novak speaking."
"That'll do, Jo." He shouted and she gave him the thumbs up out her window and parked the car.
"Castiel Novak." Cas said, holding his hand out to the woman who smiled and shook it.
"Well if what Gabriel was saying in class when I over heard him talking, Castiel apparently has a crush on you." Lee responded.
Cas fiddled with the ring on his finger. “18 years next month."
Even from a distance Cas was more handsome than Dean remembered.
Dean didn't say anything for a moment as he closed his eyes. He didn't talk about Sam to anyone, not even Lee or Jo. They were both aware of what happened when he was 10, but they knew better then to talk about it.
"Look, sooner or later, I'm gonna have to pay for what happened today and I can't have you standing next to me when I do, okay? I can't have you getting hurt." He explained, meeting Cas' gaze as he grabbed his hand and laced their fingers together, needing the small touch of comfort.
He was fairly certain that Castiel wasn't playing any games with him and that he genuinely wanted to go out on a date with him for whatever reason that Dean would never know, but he couldn't stop himself from asking.
"She doesn't have to do finance. She can do whatever major she likes and if she doesn't like it, then she can simply swap." Cas responded, trying to keep his tone gentle, not wanting to spark another argument with Kelly while the whole family and Claire's friends were here.
Benny Lafitte and a few others were nearby using the crane to lift the freshly cut logs into piles.
"It's alright, you don't have to wait around." Dean muttered, knowing Castiel probably didn't want to be hanging around him for any longer than he needed to. Dean was used to it, plus he should probably get home soon anyway if he didn't want his father to tear him a new one for getting home late. "Thanks for your help."
"She's thinking about finance." Kelly spoke up, looking over at her mother causing Cas to roll his eyes.
He had taken Sammy out to the woods for the first time when he was four, to get away from their fathers wrath after he broke a dinner plate.
"He is hot." Jo agreed and Dean sighed, knowing he wasn't going to win this argument with the two of them teaming up against him, so he decided to end the conversation.
"Your battery got disconnected. Not major. It happens."
The Winchester's were a bunch of alcoholics, drug dealers, wife beaters, abusers, thieves and all the above. His father was the worst of all, he spent most of his teens and 20's locked up and then spent the rest of his life drunk or high.
Dean practically jumped at the unexpected voice, spotting a dark haired woman standing beside his hospital bed.
"I was." Castiel nodded, an unreadable expression on his face as he stared at him.
Dean frowned as he spared a glance towards Cas who met his gaze for a brief second before looking back towards Missouri.
"When are you gonna let me get my hands dirty?" Cas asked, a cheeky grin forming on his face because they both knew Cas wasn't interested in cars at all, but for whatever reason he always came over and watched Dean work.
"I'm sorry, Dean. I don't know what's wrong, but if those assholes keep honking-" Jo began to threaten, but Dean quickly cut her off.
”I’m so sorry, buddy.” He whispered, staring at Lee’s name.
His grip tightened around the wrench in his hand as he shook his head, he couldn't do that to Cas. Damnit.
Cas was here and standing in the refuge that had once been theirs and suddenly Dean realised why Bobby had insisted in his will that he'd come back home.
He didn't really have a plan or know what he was going to say once he got to Bobby's house, but all he knew was that he needed to see Dean and get an answer as to why he didn't show.
He didn't see it yesterday, probably because he was too focused on the fact that Dean was actually there, but sitting beside him at the attorneys he saw it.
"Is there anyone we can call to come get you?" Tessa asked, but Dean shook his head.
Dean was sitting at one of the small tables with Lee
Dean wasn't usually one to get nervous, but the thought of seeing Cas again after he awkwardly left the garage yesterday just made him nervous.
Could this person not take a hint that he was busy?
Dean was the only person in the whole world that truely understood him. Cas remembered just how deeply he had loved him and how Dean loved him back just as much.
"That's crazy is it? Or maybe you just like strays."
Dean took Castiel out to the woods, the moonlight lighting up their path as Cas silently followed him through the dense forest land.
He leant back in his chair as Lee ranted about some History assignment, but Dean was more focused on Castiel Novak.
It was a peaceful life and far from what his life used to be when he was a kid, growing up in a shitty little town with an even shittier family.
“I expect you to say 'hello'."
"Then do it." Dean whispered.
Their silence never used to be awkward, it was always comfortable, but a lot of things had changed, not just awkward silences. They had whole different lives now, lives that didn't include each other.
"That's crazy." Cas responded, seeming shocked that he would even suggest such a thing.
"God, you just don't get it, do you?" Cas growled, but Dean didn't get a chance to answer before Cas began to walk off out the garage towards his car.
was right. Why the hell would someone help him? He didn't even know this man and the man clearly knew about the Winchester family, but didn't seem too fazed by it.
His hair was drenched along with his jacket, but what caught Cas' eye was the cut on his lower lip that had clearly been busted open.
"Dean Winchester." He quickly answered, not knowing if the man was actually planning on firing the gun or just using it to frighten him because if it was the latter then it was fucking working, he was frightened.
He could hear his father and cousins in the lounge room, laughing and shouting at each other, no doubt playing some sort of card game which Dean had no interest in joining.
"People talk, sooner or later he'll find out." He muttered, but Cas shook his head.
The two of them ate the wedges while they waited for Jo's shift to end and Dean definitely wasn't checking Castiel out when the guy had his back turned.
"Or maybe I like smart guys who haven't had it handed to them." Castiel responded marching a couple steps in his direction causing Daryl to scoff in disbelief as he shook his head.
He was so fucking screwed.
He walked around the garage for a few minutes, smiling at the framed photo of an older couple on the bench.
Cas looked over at him for a few seconds, waiting to see if the he would continue talking, but Castiel quickly realised that even after 20 years Dean was still the silent type, which Cas liked. He was glad that Dean was still the same... well, he wasn't the same. A lot had changed in him over the years and Cas figured jail had been a big part of that.
His boss visited him before he was discharged and said the company had shut down after the accident. Something about the logging site being too dangerous after what happened, but Dean didn't ask any questions.
"Where are you going?" Bobby suddenly questioned.
"I should probably get going, I'm staying at my mothers house." Cas said awkwardly a few seconds later.
"There was a fire... the whole house went up and..." He trailed off unable to finish his sentence as he looked down at the ground.
He pulled of his jacket and flannel shirt, leaving himself in a dark t-shirt before he walked over to the tool bench, grabbing the socket set and began working on the beautiful truck.
The faint street lights lit up the road as he jogged until he had to stop, unable to run any further as he tried to get air back into his lungs.
The guy had taken a chance and not only came out to him, but asked him out on a date despite most the town being homophobic and what did Dean do? He stood the guy up and barely said anything to him when Cas tracked him down for an explanation.
He knew his father would eventually find out where he was and would try make him come back home and he didn't want the Webb or Harvelle family in any danger or on his fathers radar.
After his shower he pulled Bobby's letter from the pocket of his trench coat and made his way out onto the small balcony outside his bedroom. Leaning his elbows against the railing, he unfolded the paper and began to read it.
"How did you know about this place? This is beautiful." Cas commented walking towards the edge of the cliff as he stared out towards the town that was lit up with street lights.
"Shit." Cas sighed, shaking his head at himself.
He could hear the wonder in the man's voice, like he wasn't sure if he was hallucinating either.
"Gabriel and I have always had this plan ever since we were little. We'd go to college, get degrees in forensic science and then join the Police Academy and become Deputies at the ___ Sheriffs Department." Cas explained with a bright smile and Dean liked how passionately Cas spoke about his future and how excited he seemed about it.
"Thanks." Cas replied, nodding at them both before he walked out the café towards his car.
Dean glared at his cousin, wanting to knock him out for outing Cas like that, but he knew that was a bad idea, despite how much he wanted to.
"That's not what I meant, it's just-"
Dean never said anything else until he stopped in front of the Impala that was parked on the side of the road, Cas' BMW parked a little further down the street. But, Dean still didn't say anything as he stood beside his car, staring at the keys in his hands and Cas sighed, taking the hint.
Why the hell was Cas here? How did he even know where he was? No, that was a stupid question, Cas was at the Roadhouse and Jo worked most Saturdays, he probably just asked her. Shit.
"Well, come in." Cas quickly said, not wanting the other guy to be outside in the cold for any longer than necessary, but Dean shook his head.
He was screwed.
He hoped his father was already passed out on the couch since he was already two beers down before Dean even left for school this morning, but as he opened the broken flyscreen door to the house he knew that wasn't the case.
"Yeah?"
It was a stunning view during the night, but it was even better during the day when you could see grassy fields along the horizon behind the town.
"Uh.. No." Cas stuttered, not really knowing how he should answer that.
He wiped the sweat from his forehead and stood up straight to look past the hood of the truck towards the person.
"I'm sorry about Lee. I never really had the chance to say that when everything went down, but I am sorry. He was a good man." Cas said softly with a sad smile.
He preferred to take his time after the bell rang even if it was only a few minutes, it was still a few minutes that he didn't have to spend at home.
"I do." He whispered, unable to lie to him.
There used to be a large two story house on the property that he called home, but when he was 10-years-old a fire tore through the house, destroying it completely.
Where the hell was Dean? Did the guy just decide not to show and stand him up? Did something come up and he couldn't make it?
This town was home.
That night he arrived home to his caravan on the outskirts of the woods.
"Mm yeah, I got that." Cas responded and although he was trying to keep his expression neutral, his tone gave away just how angry he was and Dean didn't blame him.
Dean could feel his cheeks blushing slightly as he leant over the hood and reached out towards the battery that had been disconnected as he reconnected it and took a step back.
Castiel was right, because the second he asked Lee's face immediately dropped and turned to guilt as he looked down.
"You want to get your hands dirty? This dirty?" Dean teased, holding his hand out towards Castiel knowing full well that his hand was still covered in grease and oil and by the way Cas shuffled back on his stool the guy didn't want to get dirty at all.
"Where is he?" He asked, not bothering to greet them as he focused his attention on Lee who he knew was Dean's best friend.
"They aren't worth it, man. Let's just push." Lee called out, noticing the anger in his features.
If Castiel noticed his attempt at changing topics quickly, he didn't say anything which Dean was grateful for.
He was tempted to just go home and look the Winchester's phone number up in the towns phone book, but then he spotted Lee through the window of the café, talking with Jo who must have just finished her shift. If anyone knew where Dean was right now, it would be the two of them.
"Now first thing that Bobby Singer asked was for me to apologise on his behalf for any inconvenience. He asked that I pass on his gratitude for your being here and your friendship always. His words." Missouri began to say.
Dean couldn't stop himself from smiling as he watched Cas drive off before he turned around and began walking out of school, hoping his family weren't home to ruin his now good mood.
"She's so pretty." Lee commented and Dean chuckled, but nodded in agreement. "It's going to be tough, I know it's crazy and we're young, but... her mother is really good to us. She doesn't judge us, she's so supportive."
Dean watched as Cas walked off again and he hated himself for what Cast just said.
His cousins had learnt from an early age to just agree and do whatever John says, but Dean had never seemed to learn that.
"Hey, are you even listening to me or you too busy eyeballing Castiel?" Lee suddenly questioned, snapping Dean out of his thoughts realising he had been staring directly at the guy.
"I get it, we're not here for a reunion. We're here for Bobby, so... how about this? You go to the house today and I'll go there tomorrow, and we'll meet out at the cabin tomorrow afternoon, we'll say our goodbyes to him. Does that work for you?" Castiel asked, sensing that Dean didn't really want to hang around to chat.
"Now, I've come here for my boy and I ain't leaving without him, so... I guess you're gonna have to shoot me." His father stated, turning his attention towards the other man.
He stared at the convertible sports car spotting the eldest Novak brothers, Michael and Luci in the front seats while five other jocks from school sat in the back yelling out insults.
Dean was walking home from the café after declining Lee and Jo's offer to drive him home.
Neither of them said anything for a few seconds as Cas glanced around the garage, his eyes scanning the room until they landed on the foldout couch in the corner of the room where Dean's bag and blankets were lying.
Silently he made his way further down the hallway and sneaked out the back door, wincing when the door squeaked as he closed it. But, luckily his family were too loud to hear the noise before he took off jogging through the woods out the back of the property.
For what seemed to be an endless span of time, neither of them could say anything.
"Was? What happened?"
Dean had seen Castiel around school and in classes ever since they were kids. There was only one main school in town, so of course they had gone to the same school, but they had never spoken more than a word to each other.
Castiel frowned, "I didn't know you had a younger brother."
Dean wondered if his father and cousins still lived in town. He wondered if they were even still alive or if they had finally drank themselves into the ground, he hoped for the latter, but he had no desire to go find out. He'd stay clear of that side of town while he was here.
Bobby seemed to be impressed with his skills and knowledge under the hood of the car and offered him a deal.
"Do you want to go to college?" Cas asked, noticing his slight hesitation.
Castiel leant against his open door, resting his arms over the top as he stared at Dean who shoved his hands into the pockets of his ripped jeans.
Dean knew if his father so much as reached for his belt to whip him then he wouldn't be able to hold himself back and he might end up killing the old bastard himself.
Dean hadn't talked to anyone in his family since he was a teenager and he didn't indent to renew their acquaintance now.
He glanced over his shoulder at his wife who was still standing in the doorway watching him.
Castiel walked around the car and opened the door as he leant through and turned the key as his car roared to life.
There were a couple old rusty trailers parked off to the left where any of his fathers friends stayed when they were over, while Dean and his cousins live in the small rundown cabin in the centre of the property with his father.
It was hard to read the last words Bobby had written him, but what made it harder was that Bobby was right, like always. Bobby was right and Cas knew it.
He sighed with relief hearing his father and cousins talking from the lounge room. The coast was clear.
"His words." Him and Cas both said causing Missouri to chuckle softly with a nod.
"Relax, I'm messing with you, I know what you mean. But, why can't two friends go out and have a drink together?" Castiel suggested a small smile on his face as he watched Dean slowly process what he just said. "Gabriel and I go to the Roadhouse all the time together to hang out. We can do that too, nobody has to know that it's a date or something."
Why is it so goddamn hard to be normal? “Okay, thanks.”
Of all the mornings where Dean wakes up first and Cas is still in bed, he has not done this. He tucks his face into the corner of his neck and plants big, wet, sloppy kisses all along the skin until he peeks an eye open and groans. He’ll throw Dean off, watch him bounce slightly on the mattress, then immediately curl into his side under the blanket.
“Yeah? Alright, good.” He smiles. Cas looks really good today, which might just be the fact that he’s alive enough to be corporeal but it’s also the flush on his cheeks and the way his hair is sticking up, and it’s the dab of peanut butter on the corner of his lip. Cas smiles back and Dean’s chest lights up with every memory of every smile Cas has ever given him, and for some reason, he knows that he’ll never be happier than he has been today.
He tries not to let himself stare at the way Cas’ eyes dilate as he wipes the blood from his neck, pooling in the blood of his collarbones but it’s futile, too afraid to close his eyes in case Cas somehow manages to slip through his fingers one last time.
It’s as if Cas is putting his everything into it for the same reason as Dean—as if they’re both worried this will be the only time they’ll be able to touch each other. He would give anything for that not to be the case, but it’s been months, and though Cas kisses back with a fervour to be reckoned with, he still can’t be sure of his intentions. And that’s just it isn’t it?
“I’ll be your server for today, what can I get started for you?” She grabs a coaster from inside her apron and drops it into the table beside his left places a large mug on the coaster and raises both her eyebrow and the steaming pot of coffee in question. He nods. The dark liquid looks almost black, it pours from the lip of the pot, almost like—
These mornings he doesn’t sleep in.
“Damn it.” She lifts the keyboard up and wipes all the coffee that’s pooled underneath the plastic. She sighs. She collects all the coffee-soaked towels and dumps them in the trash can behind her.
Dean looks over at the bag beside him and clicks his tongue agains the back of his teeth, "No." Cas is about to protest, when he's hit with a ball of fabric. “Here” Cas leans down and picks up a shirt and a pair of pyjamas, the sort Dean wears to bed, from the floor. “You can keep those, by the way, I won’t miss ‘em.”
A pause, then:
This happens more often than not and it’s not something he tends to worry himself about. But the mornings where Cas wakes and the bed is cold like Dean never slept in the first place makes his chest ache.
He breaks down, wrapping his arms around Cas’ waist and tightening his grip. He buries his face in his neck, letting his tears fall freely without restriction. Letting himself cry, really cry, for the first time in months. He feels himself shaken loose by the heft of his sobs. He can feel Cas shaking in his grasp, his own neck wet from Cas’ tears. They hold each other as they cry, almost swaying in the wind, almost like dancing.
“Fine, yeah. Do what you want. But, don’t go talk to Nora. I want to be there, this case is so fucking confusing I need to get a read on her, it’s usually the wife right? Don’t need her cursing you or whatever.”
The bag bounces slightly then topples over onto one of the pillows. He watches his clothes pour out and onto the bed. He doesn’t say anything, Dean’s actions speaking plenty for the both of them. He’s staying. He lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding.
"If I don't-If I don't mind?" He asks, incredulously, "You show up in
It wasn’t until after, when Dean pulled him from the Empty, when Dean saved him, that he was told all Dean ever wanted and needed was for him to stay.
He can still feel his hand on his shoulder. “You fucking— you just had to go and open your goddamn mouth didn’t you?”
“A paper-cut… It hurts more than I thought it would, it’s such a small wound…”
There's a shuffle beside him and the waitress from the front counter settles in above him. “The name’s Marnie,” He looks over, shoving his right hand under his thigh. The woman from behind the counter— Marnie, is smiling down at him. Her braided hair is pulled back into a ponytail. Her loose white t-shirt dips low on her chest and is tucked into a pair of dark jeans. She’s gorgeous, her dark eyes bright under the lights.
(Bumps that Jack is convinced means there are geese under his skin trying to get out).
anything Dean, this isn’t about that, I know you’re hurting, I know how much pain it causes you to see a friend in trouble and thinking you’re the one who caused it or made it worse, or whatever it is that’s digging itself into your brain. I promise you, whatever the reason is or was that I couldn’t stay in the bunker, I understand.”
to stay. There’s nothing here, just a case Dean can’t quite put a finger on, a shitty one-bed motel room, and Dean, who can’t remember the last time he actually wanted something as much as he wants Cas but can’t at all say it.
He flips open the badge and is met with himself, staring blankly, and the name Agent Neil Perry printed out beside him.
He’s never liked secrets unless it’s him having to carry the weight of them.
He gives Dean a small, closed-lip smile and nods.Dean never allows himself anything, so if he wants to continue his habit of sleeping in his own room, Cas will let him.
He hands Dean back his badge and stops just before the kitchen area beside a cubicle. He chats with the woman seated at her desk for a minute, then heads straight for the back. The two officers chatting idly by the fridge quickly side-step out of the way of the Sheriff who pays them no mind. A man who is used to crowds parting for him.
There’s a shuffling beside him, then Dean, beautiful as ever, appears beneath his cocoon of blankets. “Honey, there’s nothing to apologize for.” His voice is soft when he speaks, it’s the same tone he uses with Jack when he’s worried Dean’s mad at him for whatever reason, it’s reassuring and overwhelmingly full of love. He tries his best to hold his gaze but Dean is so overwhelming at times, he finds himself having to look away. How does he deserve to be subject to all the love in this man’s heart, he hardly feels like he deserves it.
When he looks up Cas is standing there, reciting his speech. It’s practiced, it’s deliberate, meant to cut right down to the bone, to flay the skin off his skeleton to lay him bare for only him to see, for him to know
- but, I think we could have a good life Dean. It’s what I want, it’s all I’ve wanted. How about you?”
Inside, he follows the mortician, a short, tanned older woman named Rosalie to the back rooms. Harry Willams’ body is pulled out from one of the many drawers that line the wall ahead of him and sits in the middle of the cold and sterile room.
“I never could Dean. Losing my grace the way I did is something I never wanted, but to be close to you like this, to feel you, to be touched by you, to feel the warmth of your body on my skin, I would give it up all over again just for this.” He feels Dean suck in a breath of disbelief above him, and Cas' chest tightens, and he realizes without a doubt, that he loves him. That this feeling that's been eating him up, threatening to consume him isn't just a desire to be needed, or a desire to be close, it's love. All encompassing, love. He's in love with Dean Winchester.
Cas gives him a look that withers him. He had wanted Cas to stay of course that’s what this whole thing is about, but he didn’t really consider the fact that Cas would
Cas sighs and pulls himself closer, “It’s hard for me to even recall the memories if thats what I were to call them… it’s more of a feeling, a weight I carry… I remembered what it was like last time, I still remember that but I wasn’t awake this time around… or at least, not fully.”
Cas’ arms are still for a moment, he feels how tense Cas’ body is around him, how tight he’s wound but once again his arms find themselves holding Dean against him. He’s so sturdy and warm and he can hear his heart beating beneath his cheek from Cas’ neck and all it does it make the few tears he lets slip fall faster. Cas’ arms tighten like a vice around him, and if Dean’s arms weren’t just as tight he might have said something.
Her smile falls. He turns back to his food, poking at the eggs until the yolk runs. Marnie still stands above him.
“Did you turn the sink on?”
“Cas.” His voice breaks and he pulls Cas up until his head is tucked into the crease of his neck. “I’m going to fix everything okay, if you want your grace back we’ll get it back, if you don’t then we’ll figure that out too. I need you Cas, really I do and not because you're useful or because I feel like I have to but because... Well, you heard me, earlier. I guess I’m just trying to say don’t give up on me yet.”
“Business or pleasure?” He takes a swift look around the diner. Isn’t their somewhere she needs to be. His whole body feels like a live wire.
When Cas pulls back he doesn’t go far, he pulls Dean up to sit beside him on the couch. One hand in his lap the other comes up towards Deans’ face, it hovers in the space above the yellow bruise of his eye. Dean doesn’t know who moves but then Cas’ hand is on his face, his thumb gently pressing around the discoloured skin. He expects to feel the electric zap of Cas’ grace thrum through his bloodstream, but all he feels are the tough callouses of his fingers pressing softly against the bruise. Dean wants to pull back, all of a sudden it’s too much, too soft for his skin, too warm. He doesn’t.
Dean blinks and sees Cas looking at him again with his head tilted, “Are you getting anything to drink?”
Dean’s whole body shut down completely. His limbs shake but he can’t move them, he can’t be even sure he’s blinking. Time stops as he takes in Cas…sitting—who was just
He’s about to slip out of the blankets, to leave before Dean can when Dean reaches out across the blanket and wraps his fingers around Cas’ hand underneath the blanket.
“Nora works over at the high school, English or History or something. Harry did too. They moved here for work a handful of years ago. She’s a real hard-ass when it came to Harry, even Riley’s complained about her a few times, back when she was in her class.” He chuckles, “she doesn’t get along with many of the people around here.”
Cas reaches out and grabs Dean’s hand, steadying him. “You don’t have to
He uses his now free hand to pull back the handkerchief covering the bloody wound on his hand. Dean had wrapped it angrily as they sat in the car before he began his multiple speeches. He presses his thumb down onto the cut through the fabric and watches as it bleeds right through. His finger comes back soaked in his blood.
“Fuck— I mean, you got a bathroom?” He manages to choke out. She shakily points to the back of the building, he can barely make it out through the crowd, when did all these people show up? He drops the cloth on the bartop and makes his way through the groups of people.
Whatever he thought life would be life after— just after, he didn’t quite think it be this.
When he blinks and the small, dingy bathroom comes into view he’s on the ground, knuckles bloody. There’s a loud, booming noise coming from somewhere close, it shakes him awake. His face is cold and when he reaches up he finds his face streaked with tears. There’s someone banging on the bathroom door.
He feels his frustration bubbling up in his chest, up to his throat. “I wish it wasn’t like this, I wish I wasn’t--”,
Marnie bites the inside of her cheek again
Cas shakes his head a little like somethings dislodged in his head, “I’ve forgotten how it feels to be human, it might be difficult for me to readjust and I apologize for that in advance.” He smiles and this time it reaches his eyes, but there’s something else there, he looks sad.
to you.
“Alright. Jesus Sam, I got it.” He doesn’t exactly know what Sam was saying but he pushes up off the bench and side steps over the lump of pie on the street towards the small table of napkins, forks, and toppings. There’s a small line when he gets there.
“Ah no, I live up in Des Moines, for school. I’m only back down here for the funeral and such, came down as soon as I heard Harry was missing though, then its back to the books for me. I’ll be back in the summer though, thats when I’m usually here anyway.”
“I guess I should probably explain.” Cas says, and he's looking at Dean now which is an improvement but his left hand is tucked under the short sleeve of his right. Cas shifts his weight uncomfortably. Dean’s heart picks up, and it’s then he realizes Cas cleaned them up manually, without his grace.
It sounds like the kill-shot.
The hallways wides out past a few closed doors into a large room littered with desks. Mount Ayr is a small town, he wasn’t expecting a large force but there’s a sizeable group of men and women around the office. Most of them are sitting at the desks, eyes glazed over as they stare at their computer screens. When he catches up to Hammond he’s making his way towards the back of the room toward the small kitchen.
He looks down at his arm on Cas’, his fingers almost white with how tight his grip is, “Fuck, sorry, sorry Cas I-,” he rips his hand away and tries to put some space between them, but Cas won’t let him; he links his arm around Dean’s and pulls him close.
“Yeah Cas, ‘course I am.” He doesn't know what this means exactly, where this leaves them but he wants, so he's going to try and let himself have.
Cas isn’t happy about it judging by the look in his eyes which makes Dean even angrier. He wants to hit him, really hit him but he can’t because he knows it’ll actually hurt him.
“Can I help you?” Her voice drips with disdain. Her eyes widen just a bit and she lets out a small laugh, “Woah, nice shiner you got there man.”
terrify me because when I look at you, when I think about you, it’s just you. I don’t... I don’t see usefulness or a way to use you, I mean sure sometimes you come in handy but it’s more than that, it’s me seeing you and just
He takes Dean’s badge from his hand, looking back and forth between it and Dean’s face, inspecting it.
The diner is busier than the parking lot would suggest it would be, most of the booths and bar seats already occupied. He swallows, confused by the lump in his throat. “Anywhere you like handsome, be with you in just a minute.” Her voice is clear through the loud chatter of the diners and the kitchen bustle, the compliment bristles his skin and sits uncomfortably against it, he sends her a smile and hopes it doesn’t come out as strained as it feels. The fluorescents make his head pound. He needs coffee.
conversation then he can just, go on his way, solve the case and...
, agent, I don’t know what you’re getting at but Mount Ayr is a small town, things like
He pushes himself closer, they’re inches from each other and Cas refuses to look up from Dean’s chest. Seeing Cas refuse to look at him, after everything, after
He picks up the pie on the ground and tosses it in the garbage can next to him, then starts rubbing at the red stain on his jeans. He hasn’t been watching the man in the napkin line as he does this, doesn’t know he was in line for both napkins and for honey. Dean means to look away when he knows the man will be half-facing him but he doesn’t, and when the man turns, Dean can’t remember how to breathe.
“I couldn’t... I couldn't face you, Dean, not after what I said. I was… I believed you wouldn’t want to see me after what I did to you, after what I
He pinches the inside of his thigh and feels the sting of his nails digging through the fabric of his jeans into his skin. He never felt the knife slipping through his ribcage in that one Djinn dream, and he doesn't think Heaven would let one feel pain either—so it has to be real, it must be.
The bedroom chills him when he enters with nothing but a towel around his waist. Dean is sitting on the couch, the TV is on but he’s not watching it, his head in his hands, which sit atop his knees, deep in thought..
“He was sweet, even without the drink. I liked that he wanted to talk to me and he liked that I wanted to listen. I-I think we both knew what it was like to feel like you’re losing at life.”
If he says that then he’s bringing up what Cas said before he died, and although it sticks to the front of his brain like an adhesive, he can’t verbalize it, he can’t bring it back up.
He makes himself stop infront of Lila who's found herself back in her booth, he can’t see her face.
It’s long enough on the floor of the dungeon for him to think about a barn door swinging open, to think about a seedy brothel and a dark alley, to think about the man at the end of the world who had lost everything and was willing to give up, even more, to think about the choice between peace and freedom to think about that’s all it ever really came down to and how he’ll only ever have one without the other.
as he thinks he does. It's not that he doesn't care. He just, he can't even bring himself to try. He wants to, or maybe he just
It lives here now, on the tip of his tongue, at the edge of his teeth, burrowed deep in the cave of his throat. Like a house on fire, he can feel the roof of his mouth folding in on itself, collapsing into a heap of skin and blood and bones like charred wood; suffocating him like smoke. He chokes on it as it billows its way past his lips, tears leaking from his eyes as it thickens, fills and darkens the room; he can’t see a thing, he’s blind with it. Like blood in the mouth he chokes on it, it fills his throat and lungs, he’s full of it, it’s suffocating him from the inside out and he can’t help but think:
“Wait-- Dean, just wait.” He pleads out into the darkness, he feels weak and pathetic and everything Dean most likely thinks of him as well but if he is honest to himself, he needs this, needs Dean in the same bed as him even if they aren’t touching, needs them to be in the same room, sharing the same air. This will all be gone in the morning when the sunlight streams through that broken blind, Dean will be awake and out of bed and Cas will be alone in this bed like it all never happened, then Dean will leave and Cas will have to remember what it means to be alone, though he’s been almost lonely this entire time.
“How very chivalrous of you Dean.” Sam jokes, putting on the worst British accent he’s ever heard, then settles into something more uncomfortable, but sentimental all the same. “So you uh, you guys…” He gestures between them.
“I know it’s been hard for you, really hard and I know I’ve done nothing to help, hell, I’ve made it even worse for you. I just," Cas pulls himself up, kneeling like he knows Dean is doing too, his heart is racing again and he knows without a doubt, Dean can hear it too now.
He watches the hustle and bustle of the diner, the patrons digging into their meals, the movements of the waiters making their way from table to table. It's almost too much, the noise, the smells, the lights above him, but it's almost nice too if he tries his best to think of it like that. There's too much going on to get lost too much inside his own head. He doesn't usually do this alone, eating he means. There's always someone else around, be it in the Impala or in the Bunker's kitchen, or even in diner's just like this. He's not really sure how to orient himself. The booth feels too big, there's too much space it's almost suffocating. If there were someone here they'd talk about to case, about how fucking annoying the Sherriff is,
He leans forward clicks the lamp back off, and places a small kiss on Dean’s cheek, “Let’s get some sleep now, okay? You have a long drive back in the morning.” He burrows his head back into Dean's chest and waits for his breathing to level out, for him to sleep, before letting the tears that found their way out, fall. He hears Anna's voice at the back of his mind,
“Who’s your friend?” He leans over the bar on his elbow to get a better look at her, she smiles at him politely, nothing more. Dean is silently grateful for that, not sure how long he can keep whatever he’s actually doing, up. The bar is sticky under his fingers, he needs to order a drink.
He doesn’t, not really. It’s almost like trying to remember a dream, it’s foggy and he’s not sure everything in the right places, he can’t even really picture it, it’s just a feeling mostly. A hand on his shoulder, in his hair. The cold tiles under his legs, the sounds of running water.
“Whatever man.” He chuckles, Cas rolls his eyes but then goes back to the menu, this time he does ask Dean what certain things mean, or if they’d be any good. This place is actually a pretty nice dig, there’s music playing and the other people sitting around are quiet, what was his problem yesterday?
Their eyes meet as Cas sticks his tongue out wetting his lips, taking their blood into his mouth. White noise fills his ears, he can’t hear his jack-rabbiting heart against his ribs, nor Cas’ breath, he can’t hear the music filtering down the alley from the main street of the festival, or the children screaming in joy as they chase each other around the tables. All there is, is him and Cas in this alley, and their blood, mixed together on their skin, and all he wants, more than anything, is for Cas to push him up against the wall and fully break his nose this time—not just a fucking nose bleed, full-on bone breaking as Cas shoves his tongue down his throat.
“Do you want to help Jack into his carseat, Dean?”
“I already have one in my jacket,” he flips open one side of his coat to show Dean the magazine rolled up in the inside pocket, “I was simply just waiting for you to return so we could leave. I want to come with you to the crime scene.”
“Cas?” This can’t be happening, it’s not happening.
“Yeah, yeah whatever. I know that, just be careful.” He agrees resolutely and pushes past him to get outside. He’s back for only a few fucking hours and he’s already bleeding.
Because it is, because it was never going to be light-hearted and good and because the universe has never let him have something good and keep it because he doesn’t even exist or he doesn't think he wants to (it’s getting harder to tell the difference).
Dean sits there, unspeaking, but pulls Cas into his chest and they sit and watch the water, Dean’s head resting on his, Cas’ fingers wrapped in the coffee mug, not drinking, just holding it for warmth. They sit together until Dean decides Cas is too cold to continue and pulls him up and into the house. He never says anything, knows how the Empty used Dean’s voice against him at the worst of times, just kisses his shoulder after wrapping him up in a blanket in the living room and depositing him on the couch closest to the fireplace.
The open door behind the small office space is pushed open further, a young girl with faded green hair, dark roots showing, and thick-rimmed glasses and a deep frown comes barrelling out, a mug in one hand, a stack of paper towels in the other, saving him from the flicker of anger that blooms in his chest. It isn’t snuffed out, it just flickers, right below his ribs, deep inside him.
God, Dean loves him more than anything. “You just say shit like that now, huh?”
“Accident really, I was just driving, I had to get away from my parents they were driving me insane and I just wound up here of all places, saw a help wanted sign out front and that was it.” She pauses, looks over at the crowd of mostly men around the bar, over at George, and then back to Dean. “I know what you're thinking but—Me and him, Harry, we never. It wasn’t like what people think. He was just lonely, and we only ever talked as I served him. There were other woman he slept with, I was never one of them.” There’s an edge to her voice, and anger that almost feels out of place, but he understands anger in grief so he doesn’t push it.
Hand in hand him Cas walk with Jack holding onto Cas' free hand, over to where he parked his truck, oddly similar to the teal truck parked back in the Bunker under the sinking sun, the dust of the gravel parking lot being kicked up under their boots. Cas and Jack’s feet are going to be dirty from the holes in their shoes. He's been trying to keep a lid on it, the whole Jack situation, he can really only handle so much in such a short time. The kid he knew, the kid who was basically a man, a kid he told to his face that he was evil and that he was going to kill, that he tried to kill, is four years old and is skipping alongside them in the dirt, holding Cas' hand like nothing even happened.
He pulls Dean close, their foreheads touching, and whispers “I’ll have you, if you’ll have me.” And Dean has to close his eyes at the weight of it. He doesn’t know how familiar Cas is with wedding vows, so he doesn’t say a thing; keeps this for himself, locked away in the chamber of his heart.
“Cas-” He breathes, voice shaking, he’s not even sure he even speaks until Cas’ gaze falls to his lips. He blinks and seems to snap out of whatever had settled over the both of them, and steps back.
His bloodied knuckles sting as he wraps his fingers around Baby’s wheel. He eyes the clock above the radio, it clicks 11:30 just as he drives by a small little diner that every small town he’s ever been in has had. He can’t remember the last time he felt he dull ache of hunger, or even the cravings of something familiar to eat but he can feel himself fading, can hear Sam’s bitching in his ear, so, he turns around.
“He didn’t come in here all that often, but when he did it was with that wife of his.” Her faces shifts from fond to sour in the blink of an eye. She picks at the peeling plastic of the table. “He was gone too soon. Such a sweet man.”
Dean sits in the passenger seat of his own car, slumped over into the door with his arms crossed. The drive was long and tedious, the road bumpy with gravel that knocked his head against the frame of the door one too many times. His thumb bleeds as he continues to pick and pull at the peeling dead skin surrounding it.
Finally alone for the first time since Nora left for her bowling date Cas sits with it. He’s used to being alone now, it’s familiar. It doesn’t feel like everything else, he doesn’t even think there is a feeling for it, just something that is ingrained inside him. He doesn’t want it though, he craves connection, the feeling he gets when he’s with Dean and Sam but he doesn’t deserve those things, he deserves his loneliness so the only thing he can do is live with it.
He leans over the top of the desk, her glasses slip down the ridge of her nose, she doesn’t look any older than twenty. She doesn’t answer him. He takes a seat in the small sitting room beside the large front windows. He doesn't know how long he sits there, long enough for his ass to ache, long enough for him to pick all the freshly healed skin off his thumb. It doesn't bleed, but it stings like a bitch. He wipes the dead skin off his dress pants onto the floor.
A mother and her child sit quietly in one, a group of men in the other, chatting loudly, food spilling from their open mouths.
it, it leaves him aching for the warmth of Dean’s soul reaching out for him in moments like these when Dean prays for him.
But one look at Dean, standing in front of him, looking at him, he realizes (maybe for the first time) it’s still there, all of it. The stars, the galaxy, entire solar systems exist in the space between them.
“Perhaps not now.” He whispers into the fabric of Dean's t-shirt.
What is an hour, a week, the span of expected human life to an Angel who’s witnessed the birth of planets and humanity itself? If one asked this of Cas before pulling the Righteous Man from Hell he wouldn’t have had an answer, too unfamiliar with the peculiar and redundant way humanity measures time passing.
He readjusts his shoulders and picks the menu back up, his fingers shaking. “Yeah,” he shakes his head, eyes shut and with a small smile of disbelief. He looks up at her,
It’s all par for the course is it not? Dean stands alone in the room, unsure of where he fits or how to continue on, the world continues on because of it.
She must sense his anguish, "Lets go grab us a couple of fresh drinks, alright?" He thinks he says something in response, maybe he nods he isn't sure. All of a sudden it's like the bar is covered in a thin grey fog. He rubs his uninjured hand over his face, rubbing over his eyes but when he drops it back to his side, he still can't see clearly.
“Agent,” She calls out again, quieter this time, “There’s a vigil, a memorial tonight over at Lefty’s for Harry. A good place to talk to Harry’s friends if that’s something you’re interested in. Something a little easier going than the funeral his wife probably has planned for this Sunday.” She holds out a small card, something written on the front of it.
As the dust clears, he realizes. Cas is going to leave.
“… And Nora just, it wasn’t fair to her, what Harry was doing. I just didn’t think it was my place, we never really knew each other her, and I. I pulled a shotgun on Harry though half a dozen times threatening to blow his ass away if he didn’t stop being a piece of shit.”
“Can I get you started with some drinks?” Cas looks up and over at Marnie, he smiles. It’s just a polite one, small but it softens his entire face. Dean doesn’t hear what he says, just watches his lips move around each letter. He can do that now— look at Cas with his eyes open because he’s
“No Dean, I’m not going to call her.”
Dean startles, “Uh, no. No, it’s okay.” He mumbles, and Cas smiles like he knew that already like he wasn't going to stop if Dean asked.
“This is only my second case alone.” He doesn’t know why he says that, he doesn’t want Cas to know what he was like before, what Sam had to deal with. He shouldn’t have said anything now Cas is going to ask and he’s either going to have to lie or he’s going to have to nut up and be honest.
Cas is going to leave again, he’s going to walk away from Dean now, out of this alley and Dean’s never going to see him again. “So,” he coughs, “Jack’s here? What you guys takin’ a break from heavenly duty or whatever?”
She bites her inner cheek, tapping on the table as she thinks. “Not that I can think of…” She furrows her brow.
“Dean!” Jack yells, completely forgetting about the pie and reaches up for Dean’s neck.
And Cas is here and he’s letting Dean guide him through the street and he lets him kiss him and he lets him cry on his shoulder. He told him he’s here to stay and that he wants him if he can have him, but it’s still there, that fear, that voice at the back of his head telling him he shouldn't be this close to something so good, he shouldn't be touching something so beautiful and wonderful, he doesn't’ deserve this ending, he doesn’t deserve to hold Cas; and he certainly doesn’t deserve to carve himself a space in Cas’ life, to be a father to Cas’ kid after everything he’s done to him.
“No, the other thing. She gave you her number?”
“I already said we were human, Dean.”
“Cas, what the hell? You shouldn’t—.” He shouldn’t. He can’t do that to Cas, he can’t relive his parents' marriage, quietly and sometimes loudly, hurting each other, making each other miserable, locked in a marriage that feels less like a blessing and more like a prison. He’s seen what that’s done to people, and he might deserve something like that, but Cas certainly doesn’t. He doesn't want to have this conversation at all, just wants to pull Cas back into the alley, make him feel good so they'll never have to talk again.
“You should see the other guy.” He jokes but he works his jaw at the memory. It’s not an answer they both know that, but Cas doesn’t push him for one. He pulls Dean’s hands into his lap, wrapping them with his own. They’re warm, have they always been warm?
“Why do you work here if you’re not from here?”
“What the fuck Cas?” His skin is warm under his hands. He slams him harder against the wall. Cas sits pliant under his grip, doesn’t fight back or push Dean away, just lets him shove him around. He isn’t looking at him though, and that just makes the anger flare up even hotter.
Time restarts when he falls to his knees in front of him, his hands coming up to frame the face he thought would only ever grace the insides of his eyelids since that day in the dungeon.
hate me.” He says like it's definitive, like Dean's self-worth should be reflected back on Cas' own opinion of him. Sure, being told to leave the bunker was one of the worst things he could have heard after becoming human, but he always knew there was a reason behind it— even if that reason was just Cas' uselessness. But, even then, when he found himself alone and without a home, he never hated Dean, just wished he understood him more.
He remembers how Dean had laughed, slightly choked by the sobs wracking his throat, “It’s 6pm, Cas.”
They fall into a comfortable silence, looking at each other until Dean’s cheeks turn red from the heat of the blankets above them and Cas pulls them both out into the cooler air of their bedroom.
He hadn't said much on the ride over from Nora’s other than a few aborted rants about personal safety and the importance of cell phones, neither of which made its way to their finish as Cas, both times, levelled him with a look that he hoped, in someway, was reminiscent of his previously powerful state.
Sam makes a surprised noise, “Dean what the hell, I paid for that.”
He presses down the cut with his other thumb.
Behind him the door swings open and a small group of women barrel their way through the diner to the empty booth he saw them in yesterday. He sees the woman from yesterday too, leading them across the floor. How did he miss how friggin' pregnant she looked?
Cas then tells him in a quiet voice how he was rescued from the Empty, how Jack decided to give up Chuck’s powers, how he wanted to be a child, a real child, back on Earth. How they settled in a small cabin by a lake, where Jack plays with the other children and goes to school, and Cas volunteers at the local library. They have a life.
“If the way I feel now is me in ruins, then I understand why empires fall.”
Dean cocks an eyebrow and regards him with suspicion. When he doesn’t answer right away, Belphegor takes it upon himself to fill the silence. Leaning forward slightly, ignoring the press of metal at his throat, he gives Dean a pointed look.
Dean feels bile rise in his throat and he knows that nothing good can come of this but Lee is suddenly looking straight at him, frantic like a cornered animal and his finger’s on the trigger, and he’s firing, so Dean does the only thing he can think to do.
“Dean,” he shifts his feet restlessly, “how are you?” He seems more sober than he’s been in a while, but they’d been on the road a few days so it’s not all that unexpected.
DEAN: Hey kid, you on?
“You shouldn’t have to when this is my fault,” Cas counters, nearly breathless with anguish. “I’m killing you, Dean. I love you so much it hurts, and I’m letting myself be the death of you. I’m the cause of all of this and I haven’t even had the chance to tell you how much you mean to me. Dean, I–”
“Am I?” Dean withdraws, and his grip on the knife doesn’t loosen, but his hand falls to his side. “And you know that how, exactly?”
The sky is a bruising purple as he helps Benny haul the last of the artillery out of the back of the truck. They won’t need it where they’re going. The few others who had stuck around to help unload now begin to take the remaining ammunition away to be stored in the supply cabin, bidding Dean dutiful but rather impersonal goodbyes. Dean detects more than a hint of resentment in their tones, and he’d be lying if he said he was unshaken by it, but he shoves his guilt aside for now. It’s still not enough to convince him to stay. So, instead of dwelling, he turns his attention to Castiel. He’s sitting alone on the gravel on the opposite side of the lot, eyes skyward and knees pulled in tightly to his chest. He had insisted on keeping his distance while everything was prepared, wary–and rightfully so–that the next moment may well be the moment he snaps and all hell breaks loose. Still, it sets a permanent crease in Dean’s brow that Cas is unable to even say proper goodbyes to the people he’s close to. Dean is startled from his contemplation by a hand on his shoulder. He turns to face Benny.
He fires.
[ January 26, 2014. 16:09 ]
DEAN: Roger that. Let Chuck and Jody know. I’m on my way to Missouri right now just in case. We’ll split up, individual cars, mics on at all times. We’re on the road in five. Clear?
CAS: How did they–?
“You didn’t have to ask that, you know. When have I
BENNY: ‘Course. You get anything useful out of this one?
Dean doesn’t respond. He just stares, heart beating loudly in his ears and his finger still on the trigger. Despite himself, Dean feels the burn of oncoming tears in his eyes and the grimace on his face, and his wrath falters, it’s severity undercut by the quivering of his lip. He looks at Lee and he sees someone who, for most of his life, he considered a close friend, now pathetic and bloodied and broken. Dean’s resolve wavers. He feels sick to his very core. Disgusted and helpless and small, and he loathes it.
MIA: CASTIEL.
Castiel presses his lips to Dean’s softly, and Dean leans in with all of himself, losing himself in the warmth of it, chasing after him when Castiel pulls away, eyes still heavy lidded and woundingly melancholy. Castiel takes a shuddering breath, steeling himself, and looking deeply into Dean's eyes once more as he raises their hands and the gun with them until it's pressed precisely over his heart. He smiles tenderly at Dean, drawing with the pad of his thumb one more circle over his freckled cheek, as if, by some miracle, that would make this all okay.
JODY: Heads up, more croats 6 o’clock.
DEAN: Nothin’ to be sorry about. I’ll be there in 5. Over and out.
“I’ll ask one last time, Lee. What the fuck did you mean?“
“Good.” Dean clears his throat awkwardly. “You staying?”
Dean glares at him unsympathetically. “So, what? You give them a few tips and suddenly you’re in the inner circle? Why’d they give you the colt anyways? That seems stupid, even for demons.”
DEAN: I’m on. I’m here.
And then there was Man, and though they dare not say it aloud even now, Castiel felt it then for the very first time. It’s still there now, somewhere inside the hollow cage of their ribs, burrowed deep into the substance of their very being—a crack, or perhaps a chasm. A gnawing, screaming, aching thing made of isolation and heartache and wonder and love, and it threatened to consume everything in its path–
Cas? Cas? I don't know if you can hear me... but we’re coming back. I'm coming back. You gotta stay safe, you gotta keep moving. You cant let them– Cas, I can't lose y–
A dense fog of unease settles over Castiel, and the bone-deep chill he feels isn’t caused only by the temperature. He stands shakily, pressing his bare palms to the grimy cement wall beside him to brace himself. His stomach lurches and his mind races far too fast for him to make sense of all that’s happened, but, regardless, Castiel sets his jaw and steadies himself. His eye catches on his rifle, now lying abandoned on the floor across the room where it must’ve been cast away in the struggle. Castiel retrieves it and checks the chamber. There’s not much ammunition left, but enough–hopefully. He makes it to the front door of the building and pushes it open, and, as grey-purple twilight spills over his figure he inhales sharply and stares wide-eyed at the scene in front of him.
I CAN’T THINK ABOUT THAT RIGHT NOW. WE’LL DRIVE OUT MOST OF THE WAY, BUT ONCE WE’RE A FEW HOURS OUT WE’LL MAKE STOPS TO SEARCH MANUALLY, AND WE’LL TRY TO ESTABLISH RADIO COMMUNICATION IF WE CAN.
Castiel tucks the journal carefully back into his coat, straightening his posture from the hunched position he’d assumed in an attempt to protect the pages from the sparsely falling snow. His cheeks color even more than they already had in the brisk winter air. A part of him, the vain part, that was once able read minds, heal with a touch, be across the galaxy and back within an instant, feels stupid for pouring his heart out in a silly little journal while he’s stranded alone in the midst of the end of the world. He ignores that part of himself though, because he knows thinking like that won’t leave him anything but a bitter taste in his mouth and a further lack of focus.
“Hey chief, you know I didn’t mean anything by it. It just feels like we’re chasing our tails, sometimes, ya know?”
“Bull.” Dean finally faces him. Lee’s arms are bound behind his back, and he’s seated in the middle of a devil’s trap like the enemy and Dean wonders for the thousandth time in less than 24 hours how it’s come to this. “How long have you been working for them? How’d they get you on their side in the first place?” Lee stays silent, looking up at Dean with a nauseating combination of pity and obstinance, and the anger Dean’s been tamping down up to this point boils over. It leaves an acrid taste in his mouth as he strides into Lee’s space and presses down hard onto the gauze covering his bullet wound.
“Yeah,” Dean interrupts curtly, hoping to avoid a long conversation. “Yeah, he’s…” He trails off. He still can’t bring himself to say it. Not right now.
“Look” Dean starts carefully, “thank you for trying with me. God knows I don’t deserve your patience, your loyalty, that, despite everything, I know I can still count on you. And yeah, Cas, of course, I’m not fine. I’m not fine and I haven’t been for years–if ever–but so fucking what? I’m not gonna sit here and cry about it, because you know what that gets us? That gets us jack. It’s absolutely pointless, so we’re right back where we started.”
“I know, I just–,” Dean sighs, looking around at the lit candles on the windowsill, at the rugs and cushions on the floor, at the moonlight spilling onto the floor. He looks anywhere but Cas. Neither of them speaks for a long time. He worries his lip and Castiel picks at his fingernails until Dean can’t take it anymore. He looks at Cas pleadingly “I just wish you’d stop.”
Castiel? Can you hear this?
“It’s late,” Cas prompts quietly after a drawn-out silence. “You should sleep.” Dean opens his mouth to speak but quickly thinks better of it, instead fixing his friend with an unreadable expression. He stands to leave, heading in the direction of his bedroom, but as he passes Castiel, he pauses.
How or why his mother had married him in the first place was a question Dean had never figured out and a part of him was relieved that she didn't have to deal with his fathers crap anymore.
For a second, he thought about just walking off and pretending like he never saw him, but he couldn't just leave someone with a broken-down car, especially not Castiel.
