Sherlock liked this position. It didn’t feel quite as good on his prostate, but he liked seeing John’s face as they coupled, liked being able to look down and see it actually happening. Every time John’s penis disappeared inside him, Sherlock got a little thrill. It was like an incredibly sexy magic trick.
been turned on, honestly.
John stepped forward. “Let me just help you a second,” said John.
John felt a flicker of disappointment when he realized Sherlock’s position prevented him from being able to touch Sherlock’s lips. Probably for the best, that. John wasn’t sure he would be able to prevent this from becoming a sexual encounter rather than remaining a comforting one if he had the opportunity to touch those lips. Lips, if he was being honest with himself, he’d not been able to stop himself from thinking about in a rude fashion on several occasions. Lips that hours before had uttered John’s name while the rest of Sherlock was occupied having an orgasm.
Up in his room, John acted without conscious thought.
Each thrust was punctuated with an expletive, until John lost his words. His balls tightened, and a tight coil of impending release began to swirl down from his abdomen.
“Sorry, the right context?”
He swore he felt Sherlock’s lips against his skin, and a rasp of sharply drawn breath. Sherlock tightened his fist just so, and then John was indeed coming. It felt like forever, and it felt like seconds.
“Oh,” he said, surprised. “Did you want me to stay here? With you?”
John pulled his hand away from Sherlock’s and rolled over onto his back. “Because the reason I didn’t notice you were miserable, and in pain, it’s really fucked up, Sherlock, and I’m afraid it’s just going to keep happening. I can’t do that to you, not now that I know.”
By the time John returned with food and with Rosie, Sherlock was clean and wearing his pyjamas, and his emotions had leveled out, though he was still feeling a bit down. The Indian food helped, as did the cup of chamomile John handed him afterwards.
John sat back.
“John,” mumbled Sherlock, nudging John’s belly with his forehead, exactly like an overgrown cat asking for a pet. He clearly had woken up sometime during the hair fondling incident and was not pleased John’s ministrations had ceased. When John didn’t react immediately (he was currently frozen in a little bit of a panic at being caught out), Sherlock (eyes still closed) found John’s hand with his own and placed it back on the crown of Sherlock’s head. “Mmm,” hummed Sherlock, making John’s belly vibrate with his voice.
This statement triggered John in just the way Sherlock had been hoping it would. Scolding Sherlock for inappropriate behavior was familiar territory.
“Keep going, it’s fine,” said John.
know what I was going to say.”
Sherlock was wrapped around him from head to toe. His head was tucked under John’s jaw, his face pressed into the curve of John’s neck. John could feel every breath Sherlock took, the rise and fall of his chest, which was firmly snugged against John’s, and he had insinuated one of his long legs in between John’s as well. One of his hands was tucked under the pillow below his head, but his other was clasped around the small of John’s back, dangerously close to John’s arse.
“Yes,” he said instantly, but realized he didn’t mean it. “I mean, no. No, I'm not angry at you. I was, for a very long time. Now, I’m just . . . angry.”
“YOU DON’T KNOW THAT,” shouted John.
And to make it even worse, John was entirely sure Sherlock had no idea about any of it. Sherlock had told him right from the beginning that his main motivation in all of this was to explore his sexual side for the first time, and he’d been asking for John’s help to do so. John had not obliged. John had taken over.
John’s hand caressed the underside of Sherlock’s jaw.
Little dots on the screen.
A burst of fury jolted through him. “I said leave it, John.”
“Yes, John.”
“Surely you don’t wish me to explain the mechanics to you.”
“You have certain needs, I know this about you. You require food and sleep at regular intervals, you require a little bit of danger, and you require a more human element.”
Even asking this question, John knew he had already given in. To giving his flatmate a hand-job. His brilliant, as far as he’d known before, mostly asexual flatmate. But perhaps that assumption needed re-evaluation. Regardless, Sherlock looked up at him with a calmness that belied a confidence not in himself, but in what he knew John was about to do for him.
“And you weren’t coming back.”
Neither one of them said anything for what felt like ages. John didn’t know where Sherlock’s head was at, but he was feeling curiously at peace with the world, cocooned in his brilliant flatmate’s arms.
, John, not really. Because this is going to work and I won’t have to. But I’m sure you find it comforting to know that in the great unlikelihood I am wrong, there is a back-up plan.”
John sighed. Sherlock was taking the understated approach this time.
They both stood there awkwardly, not speaking, but clearly both wishing it were otherwise.
When John didn’t leave, he opened them again. “Was there something else?”
“—whatshername,” mumbled Sherlock.
“I’m sorry,” said John, his face the picture of innocence, “I don’t think I quite catch your meaning.”
“I’m sure nothing very much of interest,” drawled Sherlock.
“Yes, you cock. The weather.”
John just stared at him, still stuck on the penetrative sex bit.
At John’s evident pleasure, Sherlock seemed to gain confidence. John tried to keep his eyes open as Sherlock’s fingers worked him open, brushing his prostate every now and then. John’s cock was half-hard now, and Sherlock’s eyes were vivid below him, fascinated by the reactions he was pulling from John. He looked as though he was discovering how to play some new type of sexy violin.
“Yes.”
But John did not speak, not yet.
“Also, no.”
“Sherlock, I’m very worried about you.”
“I just got off the phone with Greg,” said John, his breath heaving. Sherlock knew if he looked, John’s face would be squashed up in anger, his fists clenched.
“Isn’t it
He couldn’t stop looking at Sherlock, who had a manic gleam in his eye, as if trouble were brewing. John loved that look, and hated it, too.
“Does that sound familiar? Sherlock?”
“ . . . no.”
“Don’t text me again unless it’s a real emergency.”
“John—” he managed, before immediately closing them again as his orgasm overtook him.
This went on for a bit.
There was more silence.
, I have recently discovered that I enjoy it when you touch me.”
“. . . or I could simply mean that I am by some limited definitions still technically a virgin, because even though I’ve experienced orgasm with another person, or caused another person to orgasm, sexual activity doesn’t count as ‘real sex’ unless someone is being penetrated. Some people believe that, you know. Dull.”
But Sherlock was not okay. And John had let it happen. This time it was on him.
“Sherlock, are you all right?”
When John got up in the morning and stretched on tiptoe to reach the mugs Sherlock had placed just out of reach for this very purpose, his t-shirt riding up and showing his belly and the dimples on his lower back, Sherlock got an erection. John stepping fresh out of the bathroom in the morning in nothing but bare feet and a robe gave Sherlock an erection. One particularly threadbare white t-shirt of John’s was so old that in just the right light, Sherlock could see John’s nipples, and he got an erection. John sucking on the tip of his pen whilst doing the crossword gave Sherlock an erection. John kissing Rosie on her neck and then giggling made Sherlock wish John would kiss
With great effort, Sherlock rolled to his side. “Leave it,” he said.
It wasn’t Sherlock’s penis Sherlock should be worried about doing damage to. It was his heart. Erections, the whole human sexual response, they weren’t meant to be sustained over long periods of time, and with the drugs in his system . . . it was unlikely, but there was a definite chance if Sherlock didn’t relax and get some, er,
Normally when they watched telly together, John sat a respectable distance away, but now John was sitting rather close.
By the time he got upstairs and had hung up his coat and scarf, John had finished pouring out a couple of fingers of whiskey into glasses, and handed one to Sherlock. Both of them downed the whiskey at once. The glasses safely on the kitchen table, John held out his hand. Surprised, Sherlock took it, and John led him into Sherlock’s bedroom, where Sherlock found John had already been. The bedding was turned down, and a bottle of lubricant and a condom graced Sherlock’s nightstand.
Though he’d never seen Sherlock orgasm before,
. Those words at the heights of passion had inflamed him, but now they stuck in his throat. As if he were the one who ever went anywhere. Sherlock would be boneless for the next thirty minutes at least, and John would be out the door, running some errand, meeting a friend, off to work, to bed, to pick up Rosie, to make a cup of tea.
Sherlock loomed over him on all fours. “Hello,” he said. “Close your eyes.” John obliged, not sure for once whether or not he didn’t want to see what was happening to him. He felt as Sherlock lowered himself so that he was nearly pressed top to tail with John. Sherlock’s still soft cock brushed gently against John’s belly button, which was fairly distracting on its own, until Sherlock began placing soft kisses on John’s upturned face: His nose, his cheeks, his brow, the side of his face, his chin, and then down to his neck. Sherlock moved so that his weight only half landed on John, and half on the bed, and this gave him easy access to John’s neck and the underside of his ear, both of which Sherlock proceeded to lay claim to with sucking kisses, licks and gentle nips in turn. He trailed kisses around the circle of John’s neck until he reached the other side and started the whole process again.
“Yes,” said John, very quickly.
Thrust.
John moved to place a hand on the brow over Sherlock’s right eye, and brought a penlight up to shine in his pupil. Reactive and normal.
“Why.”
Of course, despite John’s expectation of honesty, he didn’t tell John any of this. He wouldn’t know how even if he wanted to. How would that conversation go?
John pulled back so that he could see Sherlock’s face, which despite the tears, looked much calmer and human-seeming than it had twenty minutes before. This seemed a cleansing cry rather than a distraught one, and John took it as a good sign.
“This isn’t sex, John. This is a medical procedure for your patient who is in great distress. If it doesn’t work quickly, I will allow you to take me to A&E.”
“Right, not your area. So, what are you saying, exactly?”
“Do it again,” he said.
John turned to him and said, “Please?”
It was another quiet night at Baker Street (Sherlock was more and more coming to appreciate these, since John was here again). John had just finished putting Rosie to bed, and Sherlock had made him a cuppa while he sang and read to her and gave her a quick cuddle. John looked pleased when Sherlock handed it to him. Sherlock did occasionally make tea now they were living together again, but he didn’t do it very often.
John nipped his shoulder, and Sherlock yelped.
“When can we do it again?” asked Sherlock.
With effort, Sherlock replied, “Yes, John, quite all right.”
But Sherlock was already half asleep. John closed the door.
, he’d smacked his head into a kitchen cabinet and wouldn’t leave John alone until John had come home from work to examine Sherlock’s skull personally. He’d felt unable to refuse that one, just on the off chance the git had actually concussed himself.
.” Sherlock’s eyes seemed calm and clear as he said this, still attempting to maintain control over his breathing, but John could see he wasn’t out of the woods just yet. Enough stimulus could push him right back in to the panic attack.
A little breathless, Sherlock said, ”Try bearing down.”
The way he’d felt after sex with John after the cab incident hadn’t been a one-off, but a precedent. Sherlock’s body had come alive during the course of this arrangement with John, but more often than not, the soaring highs of the sex and orgasms were followed by low lows and feelings of discontent and unhappiness.
“Or my experience level could be at some unidentifiable point in between.”
“Yes, yes, the Viagra. Not important at all. It’s the context, John! Name a man of our mutual acquaintance. Go on, do it.”
“I’m sorry, I need to know,” said John. “I know you don’t like to talk about this sort of thing, but . . . I need to know whether—”
“Soon, love,” said John, clasping Sherlock’s hand where it still lay on his thigh.
Sherlock was genuinely surprised. He’d known before he asked that John wasn’t yet ready to start up that whole ridiculous rigamarole again, but he hadn’t been expecting 'never' as his answer. He’d thought maybe two more years, three at most, and the revolving door of women would start up again, but this was unexpected. Sherlock didn’t know what to say. He hadn’t prepared for this, and John looked so deflated. As if he’d come to a conclusion he didn’t like, but accepted it nonetheless.
Sherlock grunted in acknowledgement, trying in vain to pick up the thread of the case again.
Well, it's been almost exactly two years to the day since I first posted this story, and I am finally uploading the last chapter. Lots of things have happened in two years, including a health crisis, which was the initial reason I never got around to the last chapter in 2018. By the time I was motivated enough to come back to it, I had lost the thread of the ending. I think it took me so long to finally get it out because the original ending I had planned was no longer the one that the story needed. So, on the one hand I'm frustrated it took me so long, but on the other hand, I'm much happier with the way this story turned out than I would have been had I written it two years ago. Hope it's at least an all right ending for you, but at least it's finally an ending.
God dammit.
“Up,” he said, “Onto the bed, your back to the headboard.”
“Until you let me touch you.”
“Fuck, Sherlock, fuck, fuck, fuck.”
Before Sherlock could make up his mind, John had grabbed a hold of Sherlock’s ankles, pulled him down the bed so that they were closer together, and settled so that Sherlock’s thighs rested atop his own. The position laid out Sherlock’s genitals for John’s perusal. Sherlock had never felt so exposed. He hissed in surprise as John brushed his thumb gently over Sherlock’s anus. A spike of lust shot through with nerves ran through him as the muscle automatically contracted. John’s gaze was calm and proprietary as he contemplated his next move.
John was still more closed off with Sherlock than Sherlock would like, but when he really stopped to think about it, the vague hope that things would go back to the way they’d been before Mary died, before the Fall even, had shriveled on the vine. Sherlock may not have been experienced, but he wasn’t naive. He knew that sex with John wouldn’t be a magical restorative. He’d forfeited John’s blind trust and adoration long ago. If what he had with John now—a solid friendship, a trusted flatmate and sometime partner, and for now at least, someone who gave him spectacular orgasms—he would take it.
Then John was pulling Sherlock’s face off the back of the couch. “Hold on to it,” he said, so Sherlock did, gripping the cushions as hard as he could. John tugged his head back so far that it rested on John’s shoulder, and his torso was arched back to align with John’s. He could hear John’s breath in his ear, and the exquisite pressure on his scalp sent ripples of pleasure from his head down his spine, all the way to his ankles.
“What do you mean, no? What are you saying no to?”
So perhaps there were compromises to be made after all.
The boys seem happy enough about it, anyway.
They made it to three fingers, and now both of them were breathing hard. They just looked at each other as the sounds of Sherlock preparing John faded into the background.
“Yes.”
With his eyes still closed, and the silence, all he had to focus on were the sensations, which were quickly overwhelming him.
The pressure on Sherlock’s scalp abated at last, and he was floating aloft on a sea of stars. John’s hands were clamped down on his wrists, and he was bent over Sherlock now, gasping for breath as he achieved climax. He felt John’s hands squeeze, and a novel sensation of warm wetness appeared inside of him. John was still thrusting, but more weakly now, as he rode out his pleasure.
John was reminded of his thought earlier in the day, wondering whether Sherlock had ever had any kind of previous sexual contact with another human being, and he still had no definitive answer. John had the uncomfortable feeling, having now experienced his kissing technique firsthand, that that afternoon’s hand job had indeed been a first, though surely he’d kissed before? Experimented? Sherlock was one of the most dangerously curious men he knew. He wouldn’t have ignored such a large field of knowledge, would he?
“Don’t look at me like that,” said John. “Do you want me to come in your mouth, or do you want me to fuck you? Because I really want to fuck you.”
, he thought.
“I assure you I am in earnest, and if you genuinely have no interest, by all means decline and no harm done. But I know my physical form does not repel you, and I would not have made such a proposal if I did not think there was a chance it would be accepted, no matter how often you proclaim your heterosexuality to anyone who will listen. I think such labels are beyond us now, don’t you?”
Was he being catalogued? If so, he didn’t mind. Sherlock’s lips were soft and pillowy, and his breath tickled John’s skin. The alternating of his teeth and tongue was perfectly timed. John had known Sherlock had a talented mouth from the handful of times John had let Sherlock suck him, but this was a full-scale, no holds barred, frontal assault. John’s body was Sherlock’s for the afternoon to do with what he wished, and it seemed what Sherlock wished was to taste every inch of John that he could.
“Sherlock, are you in there? I would really like to talk with you, if that’s all right.”
“That was . . . good,” he said, both of them wincing slightly as he pulled out.
There was another peaceful silence.
As if in a fugue, he made it up to his room, retrieved his lube and was back sitting next to the prone Sherlock, who once again had his eyes closed. John’s trip upstairs had seemed to take forever, and yet no time at all. Jesus, this was going to be weird. He realized before he started that he was going to need a better angle. He supposed he could keep sitting next to Sherlock on the couch, but he would have to move much closer, and that seemed a step beyond. He needed to maintain a professional distance. Instead, he pulled up an ottoman and placed it in between Sherlock’s already spread knees.
“As much as I love watching that magnificent brain of yours deduce things, now is not the time. And anyway,
“Several times over the years. All attempts ended in dissatisfaction for both parties. The feelings simply weren’t there on my part.”
Sherlock reached out for it, giving John’s penis the same treatment John had given his own, until John came into Sherlock’s cupped palm.
“We cannot know the circumstances of every sexual encounter we will have, John. It might not be wise to set such a potentially unmeetable rule.”
“You should leave,” said John.
“No, you absolute tit. I’m serious. If we’re going to do this, there should be rules of some sort.”
Sherlock’s eyes opened just enough so they could see one another. “Yes.”
“That’s different,” said Sherlock. “Hudders and I understand one another. I allow her to mother me, and she doesn’t evict us for putting bullets in her wall.”
John stopped in utter shock. “Sherlock—?”
But before John could go, Sherlock’s hand snaked out and caught his wrist, pulling him back down.
“Hmmm,” said John. “Twenty minutes? Doesn’t matter. Don’t need an erection to kiss you all over, make you feel good.”
“Yes, John,” Sherlock huffed, knowing he was only giving John what he wanted.
His eyes were still closed. The tentative thread of intimacy they’d been building between them since John had woken up thrummed and stretched.
. John was, of course, not the same as he’d been when he’d lived with Sherlock the first time. It had been years and so much had happened . . . but nevertheless. He was right about this; he just needed more data to confirm his hypothesis.
“I didn’t say you were. What I meant is that you, by your own admittance to me seven days ago as you sat right in that very chair, have been functionally celibate for most of your adult life, and we both know that relationships of any sort have never really been your area.”
“I can’t promise you I will be safe all the time, or that nothing will ever happen to me. I can try to be more careful and considerate of how my actions make you feel, but bad things are going to happen, and I might not be okay. You’re always going to be just a little angry about it, I think. But maybe you won’t be quite so angry as you have been.”
John betrayed nothing, gave Sherlock nothing.
John was very close to him now, but Sherlock refused to look at him.
“It’s fine, John.”
John scooted himself down under the covers all the way and pulled Sherlock’s head to rest in the crook of his neck. John himself liked this part of his lover’s bodies; he always found the warmth and the smell comforting. Sherlock seemed to agree. Gradually, his whole being turned to John like a flower to the sun. He nuzzled John's neck and his breathing became not faster or slower, but more peaceful. John sighed into his hair.
Sherlock brought his mouth in close to John’s ear, his deep voice low and sure: “I want you to stay.”
“I thought . . . I assumed the point was to,” he paused to moan when John gave a particularly fierce suck. He was going to be marked by the end of this for certain. “ . . . to make sure I am no longer a virgin?”
“Really don’t think that will be a problem,” said John, right as Sherlock took him into his mouth.
“That’s it; you may speak now.”
“Did you mean it?” asked John.
He’d never seen Sherlock look so small as he did after John had overpowered him and fucked his brains out on their sofa in the middle of the afternoon. He’d been angry when he’d done it, of course, frustrated once again that his stupid poncy flatmate had risked his life unnecessarily, and without John there to protect him. The sex had been fueled by that frustration, and the anger had made it better. John had never been one for kinky sex with previous partners, but he could no longer deny that something about sex with Sherlock brought out a desire to dominate. He was sure it wasn’t as healthy as it should be.
“I don’t like touching other people, but I might like touching you.”
The feeling was indescribable. Not pleasant, exactly, just so full. He paused when he was sank all the way and gazed down at Sherlock, whose eyes had gone half-lidded in bliss. He swore he could feel Sherlock’s heartbeat as they sat there. It was peaceful waiting for John’s body to adjust, watching Sherlock’s face as he learned the feel of being inside of another person for the first time.
Sherlock seemed relieved.
- - -
“Sherlock,” said John, talking into his hair, “can you sit up all the way and drink something for me?”
Whatever that was, he hoped it never happened again.
“John?” asked Sherlock, and his voice broke a little from disuse.
He didn’t know what to do. He was beginning to think it was him, that something was wrong.
“Yes,” said John, instinctively. He supposed he deserved to have the tables turned on him, but this wouldn’t solve their problems. Far from it.
John realized he’d been staring blankly at his phone for several minutes when a second text came through.
“Still alive,” he muttered, not sure why he was speaking aloud.
“The alternative is that we bundle you up and take you to A&E. I can guarantee you won’t like the way they’re going to help you out.”
“Up for it?” asked John.
“Whoops,” said John, picking a crumb out of Sherlock’s fringe, and then pausing to take Sherlock’s pulse. Still fine.
“Oh,” said John, his face flushing at the idea of Sherlock enjoying something so carnal, so human. “Recently?”
He felt John scoot closer towards him; John was warm against his side. The nature documentary was featuring a man who was being followed through the desert by a swarm of so-called killer bees. The man was being stung through his protective suit. Had been stung fourteen times so far.
“No, John, I . . . I
Sherlock rolled towards the doorway, trying to focus his eyes on John.
“Hey, Sherlock, can you look at me please?” asked John, his voice calm and steady.
John received the text at 3:35 PM on a Thursday, just as he was about to head in to see a patient.
John kissed him again, a soft peck, and slid across the sheets to dig around in his bedside table, where he found what he’d been looking for: a half-used tube that John had purchased a couple of months before.
It was on a Saturday night. John had gone out for drinks with Lestrade, and Sherlock had been left in charge of Rosie. He secretly cherished these nights alone with her, playing and trying to communicate with her, holding her and smelling the top of her baby soft head. He need not worry about anyone observing him as he allowed himself to experience the feelings she brought out in him. She was a safe space.
Sherlock did, begrudgingly, his face still flushed. Could John see?
He strengthened his grip on Sherlock’s hair, and tilted back Sherlock’s head. Sherlock’s mouth dropped open, and he felt himself go limp.
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock,” he said, his voice low and husky.
, jutted up from his lap in defiance. His right hand lay next to his mobile. John guessed he hadn’t moved in some time. He’d probably been trying to avoid further stimulation. John walked over to the couch and sat down beside him.
I should feel weirder about this, he thought. And then went to silence the kettle.
“What is it, John? Is Rosie all right?”
Everything was John, but
“Next time, just go to hospital.”
“Open your eyes, John. I’m here, now.”
Sherlock was in his bed, cuddling him.
Sherlock looked genuinely confused. “But, I thought you would want . . . the other way around?”
John had to stop. He was on the verge of breaking, just thinking about that day, the worst day of his life.
John’s fingers found the pulse point on Sherlock’s neck and he looked at his watch to get a reading. Sherlock’s heartbeat thumped feverishly against his fingers. His skin was hot and slightly damp. John kept counting. Heart rate elevated, but not critical yet, though Sherlock was clearly in distress. He didn’t need to take Sherlock’s pulse to know that, though it would be a handy gauge in the next few hours.
It was obvious to John that Sherlock was determined to use John as some sort of self-soother until his exhaustion passed, whether or not that was something that John actually wanted.
“Sherlock!” he shouted.
“I’m just going to warm up the lube. I’ll warn you before I touch you. Okay? I need you to acknowledge me.”
As he brought both hands back to his side, the elbow of his jacket brushed across just the place Sherlock didn’t seem to want contact. Sherlock’s reaction was immediate. His hips lifted up off the couch, and he groaned, but in pain, not pleasure. Blood rushed to John’s face out of embarrassment, but Sherlock’s obviously genuine reaction also made John want to help him very badly. He reached out with his right hand and took Sherlock’s left, which was currently bunched at his side, fisting at his pants.
He got up from the couch and fastened up his trousers. “I’ll be right back,” he said, “don’t move.”
Finally, after several episodes of QI, with a glance at the clock, John moved to get up. He had a shift at the clinic early in the morning and really didn’t fancy spending the night on the sofa, just because Sherlock was feeling clingy after his ordeal. Sherlock may be able to regularly spend the night on the sofa, but John's back wouldn’t be able to take it.
“Hey, Sherlock, look at me.”
“Sherlock," said John, "why are you holding my bum?”
- - -
And to Sherlock’s credit, he had tried, but his definitions of urgent and John’s couldn’t seem to line up. He was like a child, wanting what he wanted when he wanted it, and what he wanted was John to fix the things he broke. John, his own personal medical doctor comfort blanket, or perhaps safety net? But of course, John gave in more than not, because he was weak, and a sucker for people who thought they needed him, even if they didn’t really. If he was being honest with himself, he hated the idea of Sherlock in pain, any kind of pain. Even if that pain was almost entirely in his head. So if there weren’t patients counting on him, he did sometimes oblige Sherlock, enabling his melodrama.
They hadn’t said anything about it or made it part of the rules, but kissing appeared to be off limits in their arrangement. Too intimate, a different sort of interaction, Sherlock surmised. He was fine with it.
“Ever?” said Sherlock.
“So, er, about last night . . .”
And if he woke up Himself, who bloody well cared. John wanted crap telly and tea, and he wanted the sofa, so on the sofa he sat.
John closed his eyes and tipped his head so it rested on the back of his chair.
John knew he shouldn’t engage, but he couldn’t help himself.
“I wanted to be close to you. I wanted to experience sex, but not just to experience it, but to experience it with
John let out an undignified squeak, and in his surprise, attempted a mini-leap off the sofa. Sherlock grunted and pushed him back down, his hand never leaving John’s trousers. He burrowed his head back into John’s lap to get comfortable again, his hand still gently resting under the waistband of John’s pants. Aside from the location, it felt oddly non-sexual. John found his hand pulling at Sherlock’s hair just a little too tight, and he released his grip. He soothed his hand over Sherlock’s head in apology. He tried to act casual.
It had been months and months since the start of their arrangement. Rosie was now toddling around the flat, and they’d had to baby-proof it, which turned out to be a nightmare for Sherlock. He watched in a state of extreme distress as John threw out most of his experiments, saying they were “toxic”, and removed all the breakables and sharp objects at toddler height. He wouldn’t hear it when Sherlock tried to explain that Rosie was smart and Sherlock would teach her not to touch his things. In the end, they’d compromised and bought Sherlock a separate refrigerator for his experiments, which they kept padlocked.
“Hand cramp,” John said, once again grasping Sherlock’s penis. This time Sherlock couldn't help it. He let out a sort of whimper that turned into a sharp intake of breath as John ran his thumb over the slit, gathering up the pre-come that had begun to leak out, and using it to lubricate his thumb as it continued making circular motions. When it passed over Sherlock’s frenulum, Sherlock thrust up with his hips and let his head fall back onto the sofa. His face and genitals were warm with blood.
Soon he was up to two fingers, and then three. The feeling of fingers inside of him had been slightly disturbing at first, but he quickly grew used to them, remembering when John brushed his prostate how pleasurable anal intercourse could be, with a competent partner. He just lay there passively experiencing it, having turned his body over to John to do with it what he willed. It was a vaguely familiar feeling, similar to the high he got from drugs, but this was different. Warmer, more fleeting, but somehow also more real?
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “What did I miss?”
“Hi,” said John, letting out a small, delirious giggle, and then whispered, “Can I fuck you?”
Another nod.
“John,” said Sherlock, “I’m not going to last much longer, I need to move.”
He didn’t think the cabbie noticed what was going on, but John was out the door in a flash as soon as the cab stopped, leaving Sherlock to pay the fare, which was usually Sherlock’s move. He couldn’t be arsed to care, frankly, as he was nearly 100% certain he was once again about to be fucked into the mattress.
“Git,” said John, scooting close to Sherlock. He cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands. “That was bloody brilliant,” he said, placing a soft kiss on Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock’s eyes widened, again with surprise.
His eyes were still closed. He wished to god he could see Sherlock’s face, but knew instinctively that his closed eyes were allowing Sherlock a measure of freedom to explore, just as it had done for John earlier on the sofa.
John’s hands had come to rest on the globes of his arse, and he could hear John’s breath coming faster and harsher. One thumb again brushed down his tailbone and across his opening, while the other caressed the smooth, pale skin of his arse cheek.
“Good,” said Sherlock, and held John close. There was peaceful silence for a time.
“Are you dizzy?” he asked, not removing his fingers, watching for a change.
Sherlock was sitting on the couch when John opened the door to their flat, though today he was something less than calm. Even from ten feet away, John could see that Sherlock’s face and neck were flushed. He was reclined onto the cushions, but he wasn’t relaxed. His body language indicated discomfort rather than pleasure. He was in an open dressing gown, his boxers were slid down his thighs to give just enough room for his erection to have escaped, and the bottom of his white t-shirt was pushed up his belly, as if to clear a zone around the offending organ, which,
Sherlock opened his eyes.
Sherlock breathed slowly and steadily for about five minutes, and his pulse, though still elevated, had ceased that feverish beating that had made John so nervous.
He certainly smelled wonderful, Sherlock remembered that. Everything about that instance of fellatio was wonderful for Sherlock. John was warm and musky from being under his clothes all day. The wiry fuzz of his pubic hair tickled Sherlock’s lips and cheek. The smooth glide of John’s foreskin under his tongue, the thick fullness of John pulsing as he came right in Sherlock’s mouth, the bitter tang of his semen afterwards. All lovely and new.
The thrusts slowed in pace, but did not stop. They were harder now, and John stayed inside him longer, before pulling out and entering him once again.
“No.”
“Tell me what you mean. I told you we’re not leaving this bed until you tell me what I want to know, and I want to know this.”
Sherlock, the bastard, knew what John was about to say, and forestalled it. “Please, John.” He looked at John with such open conviction it was almost painful.
“Sherlock,” he said carefully, “when you asked me to help you make it go away . . .”
Sherlock couldn’t hide the hurt that crossed his face. “Of course I’m serious, John. Why would I joke about such a thing?”
“Yeah, I do,” said John.
Sherlock hummed, pleased by John’s reaction, then slid the pants down John’s bum until they rested on his upper thighs. John shivered again with anticipation, unsure what Sherlock was going to do next.
John just looked at Sherlock for a moment, and then he spoke.
Sherlock was sat at the kitchen table seven evenings later, looking into his microscope when John came into the kitchen. He had yet to look up from his mold cultures, when John spoke.
“No.”
“We’re having a moment?”
“When did that start?”
After he’d put her to bed, he’d puttered around the kitchen for a while, checking his samples, and then retreated to his own bed in defeat. He hadn’t really slept in a couple of days, just cat naps on the sofa now and then in between experiments, so he allowed himself the luxury of a long, hot shower, and then crawled into bed naked, his preferred sleeping attire when the weather allowed. The bed did feel quite lovely. Mrs. Hudson had been in sometime today and changed his sheets. They were clean and smelled of fabric softener. He breathed deeply and was out in a matter of minutes.
“I have been known to enjoy the occasional therapeutic massage.”
“Actually, I’ve been thinking about this a lot lately,” said John. “I don’t think I’m going to do it anymore. Er, date, that is. I think that part of my life is over. I’m done.”
“No, you didn’t. But the two patients I canceled on
Some rough sex ahead, scroll down to the bottom if you want details before you read.
“I know,” said Sherlock, wiping the corner of his mouth with his fingers.
John took longer than he would have liked to answer.
“Then get under here where it’s warm,” said John, lifting up the covers. “Hurry up, now.”
“All right, Sherlock?” asked John, and put his hand lightly on Sherlock’s back. Tingles of comfort spread out from the contact, but John removed his hand and they went away.
John was beginning to realize that his little medical handjob may have changed something subtle in the fine balancing act of his and Sherlock’s friendship. Something that he hadn’t been aware of consciously, but which he was becoming steadily more aware of as the minutes creeped on, and he not only allowed his flatmate, his friend, to keep his hand down John’s trousers while he affectionately and enthusiastically played with said flatmate’s hair, but found himself wanting the encounter to continue.
“Somebody’s ready for bed, aren’t you, my darling?” said John to the baby as he bent and scooped her up from the floor. She cuddled into his neck and began blowing spit bubbles. John was entirely unfazed.
“All right.”
Sherlock huffed, and John could tell he was rolling his eyes. “No, John.”
He felt Sherlock’s fingers clinch on his chest, and this time he grabbed Sherlock’s hand with both of his and held it close.
Sherlock’s own penis had hardened in his pants, throbbing with every new angle, every thrust of John’s lovely cock in his mouth. When John had tugged rather urgently on Sherlock’s hair, trying in vain to pull him off before he came, Sherlock had moaned and come in his pants, completely overstimulated.
He watched as Sherlock’s breathing moved his chest up and down, his arm still thrown back above his head, the rest of him sunk artfully into the sofa cushions.
John’s heart immediately set up a glorious tattoo. He felt himself begin to harden inside his pants, and worried Sherlock would feel it.
on the neck, and then he got an erection.
“Can I touch you, John?” asked Sherlock, his voice a low rumble in John’s ear. John knew he wasn’t asking about a little platonic petting. He thought briefly of the possibilities, of what Sherlock might do if he said no, or if he said yes. He thought about what he wanted. It was easier to make the decision than he thought it would be, here in the quiet space of night they’d carved out for themselves.
“That wasn’t a ‘no’. This arrangement will never work if you can’t even speak to me about it.”
“Yeah, she’s fine; just checked on her. Thank you for tonight.”
“John?” asked Sherlock, stopping the movement.
He was grateful for John’s presence in his life, but it had most definitely been easier before he knew what he was missing. He’d scoffed at sentiment and human companionship for most of his life, and now he longed for it, missed it when it was gone.
“This way, it’ll be a first for both of us,” he said, guiding Sherlock’s hand to his anus. “One finger first.”
He thought maybe a hot shower would help; he probably hadn’t bathed in days.
Sherlock and John engage in rough sex without any discussion of boundaries or hard limits. They don't have a safeword. John is oblivious to what's going on with Sherlock, and Sherlock doesn't know why he keeps crashing after sex. The chapter ends with John taking Sherlock roughly on the sofa without a condom. Sherlock enjoys the encounter, but John drives it entirely, and afterwards, Sherlock has a breakdown because John hasn't been taking care of him after they have sex.
“Er, sorry, Sherlock. Uh, I knew you would be sleeping.”
“Budge up,” said John. Sherlock didn’t move, or say anything, just kept staring at nothing.
The next week was made of agony. Normally Sherlock would take out his frustration on the mantelpiece, or the walls, or on John, but all three would be counterproductive in this particular instance. Lestrade delivered zero cases, and nothing of any interest whatsoever had come in over email. The parasitic twin distracted him for a small period of time, but even the small, perfectly articulated skull attached to the dead man’s back could not entirely overcome the roiling in his gut.
Serve him right if he gets crumbs in his hair, he thought, and leaned back into the sofa. Might as well get comfy.
“I’m going to try moving now,” said John, lifting himself slightly, as Sherlock only hummed in agreement. He gasped as John pulled up, and then pushed back down, the new sensations nearly overwhelmed both of them.
He felt as John reached up for a pillow and propped it under Sherlock’s hips, raising Sherlock’s arse slightly into the air. His legs automatically shifted apart, and the cool air from the open window blew across his bare flesh.
The warmth of John’s skin through his trousers, as Sherlock’s hands smoothed up John’s legs. The coolness of his belt buckle, warmed underneath from the heat of his body, and the quiet buzz of his zipper coming undone. Sherlock’s belly rested against the squashy upholstery of John’s chair, as he unwrapped John like a present. He slid the trousers down John’s thighs along with his pants, smoothed his palms up John’s abdomen to push the tails of John’s shirt up and away.
Sherlock’s hand was currently up the back of John’s vest.
Sherlock re-calibrated. This unexpected development was to his favor, and might actually confirm his current hypothesis (and support an eventual solution) even more soundly than two or three more years of grief-induced celibacy, followed by endless parades of unsuitable women. He still needed more data.
“As you know, recent events have led to my reevaluating some things. Though I have cultivated my logical mind extensively, I have been repressing certain parts of my biology and my emotions, as I believed them a liability, and a waste of time. As you are also aware, I have realized this attitude has been quite harmful to me, and have been taking steps to correct it.”
As if reading his mind, Sherlock stilled, pulled his hand off John’s prick, spat on it and put it back, making a looser fist, but not moving his hand. He leaned his head down and in a low rumble, whispered in John’s ear, “Move”. A full body shudder took John at that moment. Sherlock’s forehead was warm against his own.
need you,” said Sherlock, plainly feeling this was a sufficient and obvious explanation.
Sherlock immediately wanted to move.
John felt Sherlock shudder underneath him, and felt the skin on Sherlock’s arms break into goosepimples. The hands grasping John’s arse tightened their grip.
After a bit, John spoke again.
“Do you know what to do?” asked John.
“On your front,” said John, giving the side of Sherlock’s arse a light smack, with the easy confidence of the slightly drunk.
was suddenly much less interesting than what his hand had been up to without his permission.
“That’s right, I’m here. I’ll be here, you just do what you need to do,” said John, feeling a bit like he was rambling, but sure that it didn’t matter. Sherlock just needed to know that he was safe and cared for. He needed to be held close and touched while he came back from wherever he had gone.
“Sherlock,” said John, “We at least need a safeword, a way for me to opt out if I don’t want to do this anymore, and ‘no’ won’t work.”
“What’s that?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“All right, your turn,” evidently wanting Sherlock to stand so he could return the favor.
John paused for quite a long while, wanting to say so much more than he was able.
Sherlock did, working his finger steadily in and out of John, who felt slick and warm.
Sherlock slipped his hand down the back of John’s trousers.
Sensations of warmth and wetness narrowed his entire focus to that one spot on his body. He gasped a great lungful of air and then let it all out in a protracted, uncontrollable groan of pleasure. He’d never felt such a thing in his life. The surprise of it, the way John seemed to be ignoring entirely the vulgarity, the taboo nature of it, only heightened the feeling of John’s tongue as it stimulated one of the most densely nerved areas in Sherlock’s body. He was overwhelmed by it.
“Flatmates, friends, they don’t touch one another like we’re touching each other now.”
“Oi,” said John, “be respectful now! He’s not some spectacle for you to ogle. He’s a person whose life has just ended. And don’t go asking Molly if you can bring back bits of him to examine, either. I do not want to find any small formerly parasitic men stashed in the butter dish.”
Sherlock opened his mouth but nothing came out. A first.
John stood up slowly, adjusting himself as he went, and headed to the kitchen where he rinsed his hands, and soaked a cloth in the warm, flowing water. He squeezed out the excess and headed back to Sherlock, who was plainly fast asleep on the sofa. The sight was oddly comforting. John wiped the warm washcloth over Sherlock’s chest and belly, and then braved the lower district as well. He’d probably be out for hours, and it was no good waking up covered in dried come.
Sherlock had slipped back into real sleep over an hour before, so John moved carefully. First he reached around and extricated Sherlock's limp hand from around his arse cheek, then he cradled Sherlock’s head in both his hands, lifting him gently as he slipped out from under his flatmate’s weight. Soon he was up and Sherlock’s head was laid safely on the sofa, his breathing deep and easy. John stretched automatically, and his spine popped audibly. He’d been sitting in the same position for too long.
But he couldn’t leave Sherlock. He forced himself to breathe slowly, and concentrate instead on providing comfort to his friend. The skin on Sherlock’s back was warm and soft. John could feel the slight ridges of the scars he still hadn’t asked about, despite seeing them multiple times now as he fucked Sherlock from behind in this very bed. He moved his hand lower, smoothing it over the creamy skin at the top of Sherlock’s arse, but he soon moved it back. He thought he’d have a hard time keeping his thoughts to comfort rather than sex if he got too much nearer Sherlock’s luscious arse. (His cock thickened hopefully, just a bit.)
A pause.
His bedroom door barely shut, he leaned back against it. Down went the zip, out came the cock, five rough strokes, and a whiteness behind his eyes as the swiftness of his orgasm took him by surprise. He didn’t bother trying to muffle his cries, and when his vision came back, he found himself seated on the floor of his bedroom, the hard bone of his coccyx digging into the unforgiving wood. He’d missed his clothing and hands, but made rather a mess on the floor. At least it hadn’t hit the rug.
“Yes, John, what I mean is that I have already done so.”
Sherlock grabbed John’s calves, right in the space below the hollow of his knees, and pulled him forward so that he was slouched down in the chair, and Sherlock was nestled in the vee of his legs.
John was definitely fighting off a smile now. He was going to make Sherlock say it, he was going to—
“The more it didn’t work—” said Sherlock.
Several hours later, he was awoken by a tentative knock at his door, and a crack of bright light shining over his eyes. He blinked and saw John standing in the doorway, a sheepish expression on his face.
“Only that both of us are clear that this will be a sexual relationship only, it will not affect our friendship, and that either of us can end it at any time should the arrangement become undesirable.”
“I agree that the arrangement needs to end,” said Sherlock. “I propose a new arrangement.”
“Yeah, I did,” said John, matter of factly. “Changed my mind. Want to sit on you instead and kiss you all over.” He nipped Sherlock’s earlobe.
John blinked. He sent back a quick reply.
“The truth is that I’m angry, Sherlock. I’m very angry. What I did to you last year in that morgue was unforgivable. I don’t care how much you blamed yourself for Mary’s death, or how I blamed you at the time. What I did to you, you should not have had to bear.”
John would never have guessed if you gave him all the time in the world that Sherlock would not only submit to being the little spoon, asking for it, even, but submit so often and enthusiastically as he had to John over the past several months. It was beginning to feel like a miracle, now that John was actually thinking about it, to have found that Sherlock liked being held, the feeling of being small in someone else’s embrace.
John looked up from his book in surprise. They were sitting companionably in their respective chairs by the fire, sipping the tea Mrs. Hudson had brought up earlier. It was cozy and homelike, and the perfect time for Sherlock to make his first move.
John took a deep breath, then pulled up his pants and tucked himself away.
“I told you I’m not a virgin John, I’m perfectly aware of kink. BDSM in full stands for Bondage and Discipline, Dominance and Submission, Sadism and Masochism. I fail to see how any of that applies to us, although I wouldn’t be opposed to some experimentation.”
“When you asked me to start this arrangement, it was like you'd asked me to fulfil my worst nightmares and my best daydreams at the same time. To be with you like that would be to acknowledge that I wanted you; to acknowledge that I wanted you would be tantamount to admitting that I loved you, and could never have you; and that if I
His hands were folded in his lap, and his legs were crossed. He was the picture of nonchalance.
“Green,” said John, “green, green, please green.”
Anyway, John was rather partial to a good cuddle, and he was rather partial to his flatmate, as well. No one could deny that, certainly not the man said flatmate was currently using as furniture.
“No.”
He took a deep, calming breath.
He found himself constantly leaving rooms in order to get rid of erections. It was highly inconvenient.
“I liked when you took over,” said Sherlock, and John thought he must have intentionally deepened his voice. That, or he was much more affected by this conversation than John had anticipated he would be. Wouldn’t be the first time he couldn’t predict what Sherlock was going to do or say.
John sighed, rubbing his hands over his eyes.
He pulled Sherlock close, tucked his head into the crook of Sherlock’s neck, and breathed.
“Yes,” he was now muttering to himself, as if he’d forgotten John was present. “Yes, the sexual feelings must be a natural outgrowth of my affection for you, John, but further experimentation will be necessary.”
“Whereas you’ve probably deduced my entire sexual history, probably within an hour of knowing me, but until yesterday, I assumed you just weren’t interested.”
“Talk to you about what? The weather?”
John’s mouth opened and closed as he tried to react to this unprecedented behavior.
“Do you have any issues with my stipulations?” he asked.
“Right,” said John, “be back in a bit.”
“Sherlock?”
“That’s why I was so angry with you, Sherlock, because when I say you were the most important person in my life, I mean that I’d never felt about anyone the way I felt about you. I was drawn to you, in awe of your intelligence, couldn’t stop looking at you. It was the dangerous aura about you, I thought, the way you’d saved my life and gave me purpose, gave me excitement and puzzles and danger. I was jealous and a little heartbroken when I saw you disdain normal human life, when you were so drawn to Moriarty, because I thought that meant you disdained me.  I would have taken a bullet for you, back then, Sherlock, stepped right in front of the gun. Did do, didn’t I? That first year. But I wouldn’t have understood why. Why you had to be protected at all costs, even with my own life.
“I know you framed this as a mutually beneficial arrangement, and I would very much like that to be the reality, but I also know that you don’t have much experience with this sort of thing.”
As if John needed reminding. His penis gave a soft twitch of awareness upon hearing the word ‘orgasm’ fall from Sherlock’s lips.
Note in a note: I've pretty much been working on this fic all weekend, and I think I need a break. It's eating my brain. Hopefully I'll have chapter four up by mid-week. Sooner if it won't leave me alone. I promise there will be a happy ending, and John will get his shit together.
“Sherlock, we need to talk about what’s been happening to you,” and though John was still speaking he saw Sherlock’s face do something indescribable that he couldn’t get a read on. He continued, “You’re my best mate, Sherlock, and our friendship is really important to me.” John looked down, he couldn’t look at Sherlock while he said these things, he just couldn’t. “
Finally, Sherlock spoke: “Sleep,” he said.
“John?” said Sherlock, his eyes wide.
“No, John. I am a virgin, if you are in need of a label, though I confess I find the need to box human behavior into such socially constructed and ultimately meaningless categories rather tedious. The patriarchal obsession with sexual purity is absurd.”
John came. His orgasm left him with the force of a freight train. It was long and urgent, and Sherlock’s lanky body held him close while he rode it out.
John seemed to understand; he increased his pace and tightened his grip. Sherlock’s breathing was heavy and loud. The bee documentary droned on in the background.
This was when John realized Sherlock was still very much naked, and John had no idea what was about to happen to him.
“How far do you want to take this?” John whispered close to Sherlock’s ear, then kissed the soft skin below it.
John’s hand cupped his penis. The warmth and friction and John of it all caused his penis to harden. John’s hand moved, grasping Sherlock’s penis firmly; the up and down motion made Sherlock’s breath hitch. Everything was beginning to pulse.
Again.
“It’s just, I’m going to come right now if you keep doing that for one more bloody second, Sherlock.”
Sherlock nodded, somewhat wary of looking at John after what they’d done the night before. He was still partially afraid that John would be able to tell what he was really thinking, even though he knew logically John didn’t have that capability.
Twenty minutes later, John was giggling to himself over the show when he found himself marveling at how nice Sherlock’s hair felt, and that’s when he realized the fingers of his left hand were tangled in Sherlock’s curls.
In response, Sherlock made a fist around John’s aching prick and pulled.
“Oh, I stopped probably around the time my wife shot you in the heart. There just didn’t seem to be room for it, or time to waste on it anymore: the trying not to be angry, and telling myself I wasn’t. But I was, before that, always a dark undercurrent of anger when I looked at you, even when I was so happy to see you, to be with you. After, I just wanted you to be there, to be alive, and for it not to be my fault. If I was lying to you, I was lying to myself as well. For a long time.”
“A needle, Sherlock. A big needle in your penis.”
There was no answer. John padded softly around the other side of the bed. Sherlock’s eyes were open, and he was staring into the middle distance. He looked as if everything Sherlock had been carved out of him. Fuck. He couldn’t still be dropping, could he? John was in so far over his head here.
John laughed.
“Not the right question, John. As ever, you see but do not observe. The variable here is you, not me. The same sexual act, the same recipient, very different results.”
“Fuck,” said John, again. “You didn’t have to do that.”
Sherlock made the weakest of shrugs. John reached out and laid his hand on Sherlock’s forehead, stroking with his thumb. The movement caused a full body shiver from Sherlock, and for a moment, the light came back into his eyes, before fading away again. Sherlock tried feebly to push John’s hand away, but he didn’t seem to have the will for it.
“I thought you wanted to talk.”
Only, he’d come home to find Sherlock sitting on the couch with a dish towel wrapped around his hand, calm as anything. He’d proffered said hand wordlessly to John, who found underneath a single, long but shallow cut on Sherlock’s palm. It had bled pretty badly at first, judging by the amount of blood on the towel, but the bleeding had clearly stopped.
He’d been waiting so long for this, to be allowed to taste, to smell, to touch.
To his surprise, John had managed to make it to the side of his bed without Sherlock realizing. He was now kneeling so that his face was aligned with Sherlock’s, his chin resting on his hands as he gazed wide-eyed at Sherlock. His breath smelled faintly of beer and toothpaste, and he was clearly quite tipsy.
“You are angry with me?” asked Sherlock, his hand still a steady pressure on John’s chest.
“I’ve done the whole friends with benefits thing before, and it can work, if you’re honest with your partner from the start about your expectations and your boundaries, and if you’re honest, you know,
Seemingly in response, Sherlock shifted his arm up so that the crook was now resting on top of his head, and slowly and with obvious effort, opened his eyes.
John spoke.
“Then yes. Er, my answer that is. Is yes.”
“You know,” said Sherlock, “I do have some more Viagra that could probably help with your refractory problem . . .”
John read long into the night, websites all about informed and enthusiastic consent, about dominants and submissives, about subspace and aftercare.
Sherlock was nonplussed.
“Good night, Sherlock,” said John, leaving the room before Sherlock could finish.
“You didn’t answer me: Why were you angry with me?”
“Yes, Sherlock?”
On instinct, he tightened his grip to accustom Sherlock to the sensation. He waited for Sherlock’s hips to lower back down to the cushion, and then he began to move. His fist stroked up and down the length of Sherlock’s erection, a tight slide of hot flesh and capable hand. Sherlock’s hips remained where they were this time, but his mouth opened in a silent, relaxed ‘oh’. One arm migrated to drape over his head, so that the crook of his elbow was covering his eyes; the other hand drifted to his stomach and fisted the hem of his t-shirt, making it ride even higher up his firm stomach. A dot of a belly button revealed itself.
“Hey,” said John, leaning over for a soft kiss, and the angle moved Sherlock’s fingers to just the right spot. John’s vision burst into stars.
John had to stop and collect his words, to let the pain in his throat recede before he could speak. He rested his hand on top of Sherlock’s to let him know he was still there with him, he just needed a moment.
“Right, don’t move. Just keep watching your program,” said John.
“Good,” said Sherlock. “I’m for bed now. Molly promised if I popped in early enough tomorrow she’d let me have a look at the man with the parasitic twin.”
“You requested my help, Lestrade- if I am inconveniencing you I can return to my studies.”
Sherlock snorted. “Trying to establish a defense, are you? ‘Innocent by reason of insanity?’”
“Oh right- those. Look, I think this is all a misunderstanding. Callie’s my friend, we’ve been friends for a long time- or, or we ‘were’ friends, I guess. I was just mad that night.”
“Mad about?”
“He had too much to drink and thought he’d go for a swim. I have to sign off that no foul play is suspected.”
“Was beginning to think you weren’t coming,” Lestrade said drily when Sherlock stalked in at a quarter to noon.
“Her best friend. The one who found her body yesterday.”
“We found the murder weapon in some bushes near the victim’s dorm hall. Along with Watson’s mobile.”
Sherlock Holmes was not merely high on the night that Zachary Wells drowned in the local lake. No, he was, in fact, so far beyond “high;” he was soaring on different planes of existence, feeling colors, lost in spiraling thoughts. The word “high” did not begin to cover how supremely fucked-up he was.
“Mm, yes, but he somehow managed to do so without allowing her to scream loudly enough to draw the attention of her neighbors.” Without warning Sherlock shouted, “Help! Please, somebody help me!”
It took him a half hour to walk from the university to the lake. He was working with a time frame of 10:00-10:30 with Callie, but he wasn’t so sure about the time of Zachary Wells drowning. He could barely trust his account of what happened, he didn’t want to set much store by his time frame. Maybe the drowning had happened earlier than he’d figured- or later, Watson might have been on his way
He was lying on the sofa, riding the high, when his phone rang.  Lestrade.
“His plan falls apart altogether. He could jam it again, or jam one of the others, but that would definitely raise suspicion, especially if he kept doing it in ways which where obviously intentional. Fortunately for him, all goes to plan. On the night of the murder, he removes the jam from the third window and is able to enter through any of the three as none are blocked in any way. He has now completed step one of his mission, which is get into Callie’s room unseen. Once he reaches step three, leaving unseen, he simply replaces the track locks on the first two windows, exits out of the third, and then jams it again from the outside, hoping to convince detectives that the locks and the jam have been there the whole time.”
Lestrade and the other detectives were looking at him strangely. “Callie was stabbed in her stomach, with some shallow defensive wounds on her arms and a postmortem slash to the face.”
“But it all fits,” he said, yanking the file out of Lestrade’s hand and rifling through it until he found the transcript of the texts. “John Watson didn’t write these messages. Whoever did tried to make it sound like him, but they slip up whenever they get angry. Look: ‘can I just be honest for once and say like really fuck you for that whole neuron paper thing;’ that’s the way Watson would text. But ‘I swear I should jst fuccking kill you & do the world a favor.’ That’s sloppy because the killer wrote it and he was too angry to mimic Watson’s writing style.”
hopefully
“Of course I’m right,” Sherlock scoffed quietly. “Is there any particular reason you called me in for this case?”
“Sounds like you patched things up. Why did you send those messages on Saturday?”
he texted Lestrade.
“You are! And you’re acting differently. I mean, you were always an arsehole, but it used to be because you cared about the cases. Now you’re showing up late, keeping information to yourself… and you look terrible. Is something going on?”
I don’t want to leave things this way
“But look at this one- “You were willing to kill my career, after all…” This one even has proper grammar- the person who wrote this wasn’t angry about his or her career- they have no emotional attachment to that idea. They had a different motive and instead of arguing, we should be trying to figure out what it is! Why else would we find Watson’s mobile so easily- whoever used it to send these still had it. They wanted us to find it.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Well, the murderer is someone who knows that Callie had her window stoppers out, so he knows getting in without being seen on camera will be easy. The problem is, how can he throw investigators off his trail? He wants to plan it so that he’ll be able to make it look like he
He kept that in mind as he looked over her body again, this time learning about her life. She was a religious user of skin care and cosmetic products. She didn’t smoke or do drugs. She had been too thin as a teenager- possibly struggled with anorexia- but she had developed healthier eating habits and got a good amount of exercise through frequent yoga and cardio workouts. She usually wore a necklace with some sort of small, round pendant on it. She often wore high heels. She once had surgery- most likely to remove her appendix, given the location of the scar, but it wasn’t safe to assume. In every inch of the body there lies a multitude of systems just waiting to go down and take their human host with them. Death wasn’t surprising to Sherlock- living was.
There was also the faintest trace of a love bite on her neck- it looked slightly too old to be from the night she was murdered, but then again, it was recent enough to make out if one thought to look.
Sherlock looked up from his notes sharply. “You
Lestrade had given up trying to follow Sherlock’s jumps of logic, so he just nodded as if he was on the same page. “So Watson definitely could have done it?”
As with the professors, a few could be persuaded to admit she was acting weird in the past few months. Outside of class, they maintained, she was her normal self, but she had stopped coming to class regularly and when she did come, she didn’t seem invested in it.
“Was she drunk?”
At first, Sherlock was comforted when he saw the shorter man crouch down next to the water, extending his arm out to the other man. “See,” thought Sherlock, “the violent outburst was unlike him, because you were right about him, because you always are. They’re making up now. He must be apologizing, pulling him out of the water. They’ll go back to their boring lives.”
“You saw me when?”
you trying to help me? You’re being awfully nice to someone who was just yesterday interrogating you under suspicion of murdering a close friend.”
John I’m so sorry- I really never meant for you to get into trouble. What I did WAS selfish and so stupid. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you??
“Well, no, but-“
“No, actually, Callie came forward and admitted what she did. They decided to give her a zero for the assignment- they were still a little suspicious that it was me all along so they didn’t expel her but…”
“The lake- wait, is this about Zach?”
Still, it would be useful to know whether he was an actual dealer; intent to distribute just meant he’d been carrying a certain amount when he was caught. The drugs themselves varied. When he was seventeen, it was meth. Next time, cocaine and a few pills. The third time, a little bit of everything.
The man seemed nervous, but attempted a smile and held out his hand to shake.
“We already know how he did that- he stabbed her.”
“I… don’t know. We can ask him.”
“Oh. Well, you can sit if you like,” John said, clearly mistaking Sherlock’s tray as a sign that he was on a break.
“All the evidence points to it.”
“What the hell was that?!” Lestrade demanded angrily.
“Stop!” he interrupted, physically wincing. “I don’t have time to be amused right now. Can we move this ludicrous conversation to a later date? I promise I will have hour after hour of quick remarks about how extensively dim-“
He walked briskly to the interrogation room, where a man sat at the table facing the opposite wall. He turned when he heard Sherlock come through the door.
“I have… significant personal reasons.”
John stared at him for a minute. “I… I have a couple of problems with that, Mr. Holmes. The first, obviously, was that it didn’t happen The second is that if you did see someone drowning someone else, why you wouldn’t tell anyone about it?”
“Because you really think that instead of killing this girl fifteen minutes after he threatened to, he killed his flatmate all the way across town?”
That face… He remembered it clearly now, that last look at the man in the moonlight, the man who had drowned Zachary Wells. It was him, and he was sitting here suspected of murdering someone else- someone, Sherlock remembered, that he couldn’t possibly have murdered because he was miles away, by the lake…
John looked bemused. “Why do they need a consulting detective for Callie’s mur- um, for this investigation?”
“Hey-“ Loman barked but was cut short but Lestrade.
“No late-night trips to the lake?”
“Ok Sherlock, now you’ve proved your point, explain in human terms how Watson got in here,” sighed DS Loman.
“Get anything useful?”
Sherlock raised a hand in acknowledgement but otherwise watched impassively as they drove away. He was still anxious to get home and do a line or two, but there was one more thing he wanted to check. Usually he would get a cab, but the lake was in the middle of a park that you couldn’t drive through.
“And how much of Callie have you seen in that week?”
“Isn’t that just sort of- I don’t know, guessing?”
“Not too badly. Something was definitely going on with Callie- maybe her blog will help with that. I was talking to Watson again before you arrested him.”
Zachary Wells, Mr. Watson?”
“The texts sent from his phone, you mean. To be honest, I’m not even convinced he really wrote those. Of course, I’ll have to see them to be sure.”
Sherlock got to Callie’s first class early to speak with the professor. He had his questions prepared ahead of time and he asked each of her professors as the day went on. He even managed to hunt down professors she wouldn’t normally see on a Tuesday.
“Wow. Well, what kind of biology classes are you taking? You’d think we’d cross paths in anatomy classes, at least.”
So this is obviously very late! Unfortunately the beginning of the semester hit me like a ton of bricks. But it is a little longer, so hopefully you can forgive me, and I'll really try to get the next chapter up in a more reasonable amount of time. Enjoy!
There was an audible sigh before he continued, “No, I just thought you might like to know that we’re releasing John Watson a night early so that he can attend the funeral tomorrow, as agreed. I’m requiring he be accompanied by an officer at all times- unless you want to do it.”
“You’re welcome,” Lestrade sighed tiredly as he walked away, knowing that was the closest thing to a ‘thank you’ he was ever going to get from Sherlock Holmes.
But even that little section seemed to conflict with the first entry. Right now, Sherlock was working with the idea that the mystery guy was someone already involved- so Zach, Marcus, or maybe John. From the November 12
“Understood. Come on, John.”
“About a month ago.”
“I was… drunk. And I didn’t really know what was what until I heard that someone really had drowned but then I remembered seeing your face… Look, I know it wouldn’t hold up in court or anything, but I know what I saw and I intend to follow up on it.”
He could look into who read her blog, but it didn’t sound like she went out of her way to share it with her friends. He would probably have to try asking her friends again, but maybe the best friend, Katie would know. Really, he should get in contact now, but everyone would be at the funeral tomorrow, and there was something else that he desperately wanted to do.
Lestrade looked up from his desk. “Have you eaten?”
“That would never hold up for long though.” Sherlock was muttering now, already in the process of blocking out Lestrade and diving into his mind palace. Something here was off. What did he have? The crime scene… the texts… everything Watson had told him… what other students had told him… the phone and the knife… She didn’t scream- no, not that. Katie was pregnant- irrelevant for now- the mobile phone. The texts….
“All of them?”
“…That’s it?”
After dinner we talked about Katie’s baby shower for a while- Callie wanted to make sure everything was right. She tried to get Marcus involved too, but he said guys didn’t go to showers, which is a shame, actually- it sounded kind of fun. Katie wanted tacos and karaoke- and Cassie kept threatening to make it a surprise party. Katie hates surprises. She actually said at one point that the part she was most scared of was when she was so far along that the baby could come ‘at any moment;’ we thought that was funny. Callie said she hoped the she (the baby- it’s a girl by the way) came earlier rather than later though, that she couldn’t wait to meet her and buy her clothes and watch her grow up… and Marcus kept talking about getting the nursery ready… sorry, I think I’m just rambling. I don’t think any of this could be useful, it’s just that, I guess this is easiest to remember because it’s sad to think about it now, knowing that Callie won’t be there. Hell, maybe I won’t be there- things aren’t looking good for my case, are they?
The professors were no help, but Sherlock hadn’t much expected them to be. Unless Callie Rogers had been a passionate student, there was no reason for any of her professors to know much about her personally. They all said that Callie was a kind and popular girl, an average student in terms of grades, but making up for it somewhat with her willingness to participate. In short, she was boring. She was a pretty girl who generally sat with a group comprised mostly of other pretty girls. Two professors said that,
“Just come out with it already.”
“New evidence. Come on.”
“Sherlock, hi, I got your report. Good work. I think it’s really going to help the investigation.”
“He accessed her room prior to the murder. Check further back in the tapes, see who had visited her recently, and while you’re at it have someone check that they haven’t been tampered with. It would be so boring if this were just an ordinary killer who knew how to remove himself from the security footage. In the meantime, I will talk to this suspect.”
He was also thankful to John because he had met Molly one day while taking care of Rosie, the young woman had him fascinated with her shyness, her sweetness and her overall attitude and way of simply… being… Yes, he is five years older than her, she’d just turned 18 a few days ago, but now he can fully woo her. What Greg didn’t know and had just found about, is how close to Mary and Sherlock Molly truly is -six degrees of separation- and now he was about to pull the gears of the world in motion to have his two friends meet and overcome the shyness.
How were we forgiven? Don't  jump ahead...
Rosie was crying her eyes out when they arrived to Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson looked desperate as she explained that the little girl had cried from the moment they left, Sherlock huffed and muttered an “I knew we should have taken her” under his breath -not really- which made John smile in spite of his own worry and bad mood. Sherlock took the baby form Mrs. Hudson and thumped up the stairs muttering sweet nothings and calming her immediately; John was left to follow him carrying the shopping bags.
“Well…” Mike began, but laughed at the offended face John made “Think about it, take your time, enjoy the break, go visit your parents, take a few days to yourself, we have three months after all” Mike smiled and John nodded, already lost in thought.
My left shoulder stings, once again my left shoulder stings, which means I'm alive. Which time is it this one? The tenth, the twelfth? Always my bloody left shoulder... why? At leats this time I didn't die. What life is it this time? The tenth? The twelfth? I am, once again, a soldier. Why couldn't I be a milkman... given its the right century to be that... or... never mind... But this time, I saw his eyes... Finally!
During the ride, Sherlock pondered about the circumstances of said relationship. He did everything John wanted, everything he asked him to do… at some point, he stopped being Sherlock Holmes to become John Watson’s… something… And he could feel the blood in his veins boil, and guilt turned in to anger… He had given everything up for John Watson
John hesitated; he didn’t want to tell her about Sherlock, not yet, much less without any security that they’ll be together. He didn’t want to assume. Sure, there was attraction, but Sherlock was always so hesitant. He didn’t send mixed messages, John was sure they liked each other, but he knew something was off, as if Sherlock didn’t want to risk being with him. Whenever John asked about weekend plans or whatever, Sherlock would answer with his Oxford timetable.
“Sure- but just so you know, the tech guys sent you the link to Rogers’s blog this morning. You can work on that from home, so you can just show up when you’re done looking through it.”
post, it had seemed like Marcus. It would explain the comment that people’s feelings might get hurt if they knew and the one about strange ways of getting together. But now it seemed more like Zach- and John could be the one who’d be angry if he found out they were together.
“So it was probably a premeditated incident, yes…”
Memories flooded Sherlock- he hadn’t deleted them, but they had been lost in the haze of his high. Even now, they came back in distant flashes. A crouching shadow, arm held out over the water, pressing a head down. That shadow turning to the light- but that face was so blurry. “Drowned?” he repeated.
“Eating can wait.”
“Of course we checked!”
“If all that’s true, then why wouldn’t Watson mention he’d lost his phone?”
“All that tells me is that you are the link between them.”
“I’m doing criminal justice, biology, and sociology.” Sherlock listed them off with a touch of smugness in his voice, used to people being impressed by his exhaustive list of academic successes. Not that he was trying to impress John Watson- this conversation was meant to be purely interrogational. It was Watson who was bringing it off track.
Lestrade sighed but set his pen down. “Callie Rogers, stabbed in her dorm room on Saturday between 10 and 11 pm, most likely sometime around 10:15.”
“It’s entirely possible.”
John opened his mouth but before he could say anything the door burst open.
Look, I’m in my dorm room. Please come over? We can talk this out better face to face.
“I’m sorry, I really don’t know too much. I have
“Sunday she stayed in and did homework for most of the day, but spent the night with Katie again as well as John, presumably Watson but we should check to be sure, and someone named Marcus.”
“I was indisposed,” he said, which meant, I was too high to set my alarm last night and subsequently woke up several hours late and feeling like shit.
“You’ve talked to her, then?”
“Well it’s a bloody dorm hall Lestrade, if she’d screamed someone would have come. Look at the video- no one even walks into the hall to investigate.”
“I guess not.”
Finally, he picked up the last page he had printed; the most damning of them all.
Lestrade let Sherlock into the morgue but turned to leave quickly- anyone would be slightly edgy alone in that cold, white room full of corpses. Anyone except Sherlock, it seemed. Before he closed the door behind him, he heard Sherlock call, “Did you take that statement from Watson?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I hardly think that’s relevant but if you must know I am a consulting detective and I generally prefer to forgo a full briefing before I interrogate a suspect; it helps me think independently.”
“When did this happen?”
Sherlock didn’t truthfully have any theories about ‘Motorcycle Guy,’ and Callie didn’t seem afraid of him at all, but he made a note to look into whether any people connected to the case ever owned a motorbike. Her language was consistent with the rest of her posts- casual, bright, warm. It wasn’t a desperate signal for help- it was posted exactly when her normal schedule dictated. It was always Tuesdays and Thursdays at eight. He had expected her to post something urgent close to her death- to let everyone know something was off, to ask for advice. But there was nothing other than her normal weekly entries; even the more emotionally significant ones followed this pattern. He picked up the one where she introduced the new guy.
“Those two keep coming up but I haven’t met them. Seems they’re avoiding the investigation.”
“He might be innocent. I’m willing to hear out your theory, but I need actual evidence. You should know that! I mean, what’s with you these days? You hate it when people get theories so stuck in their heads that they can’t see around them; now you have a hunch that Watson killed Wells and you’re letting it affect your judgment of this investigation!”
“Still, under the circumstances I think it would be best to investigate his death further.”
When they reached Callie’s dorm room, Sherlock headed straight for the windows. He examined the two which opened partially. “Screws all bright and shiny- those have been freshly replaced,” he noted. He pulled out a screwdriver he’d stopped to buy along the way, removed one of the metal track locks and opened the window all the way. Given that there was a ledge, Sherlock found it was pretty easy to climb out the window and step neatly onto the ground below. Still outside, he moved to investigate the window that wouldn’t open at all.
“Either way,” he answered as a cab pulled up. “I’m glad I’ll be with you.”
John laughed but said, “You know, you’re not nearly as unpleasant as you think you are.”
“Before we could figure out how he got in, a couple people thought it could be a ghost.”
“John Watson, you’re under arrest under suspicion of the murder of Callie Rogers. You do not have to say anything but it may harm your defense if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence.” He was grabbing John by the arm and pulling him up, attracting the attention of everyone else in the room.
“No.”
“Her best friend found her on Sunday morning,” Lestrade admitted. “She didn’t have a roommate. So you’re probably right.”
“Well, you were the one who wanted him let go. You said you had questions for him.”
“If Callie doesn’t report it, then the investigation doesn’t pass the stuck window off as a coincidence and it becomes evidence. It helps us figure out how the Killer got in,” Lestrade understood. “But if it gets fixed…”
It wasn’t until they were out of the station that John spoke to him. “Thank you.”
So instead, Sherlock sneered. “Touching sentiment, but I’m fine. If you really wanted to help me, you could release Watson. He’d be more help to me that way, especially at the funeral. He knows everybody, he can tell me if anyone’s acting odd.”
“That’s alright. I didn’t get the sense that he was someone who would try to do anything so stupid as trying to flee. He’ll stay around,” Sherlock said, hoping he sounded more confident than he felt. He was a hard man to trick, but he was beginning to question himself when it came to John Watson.
“Sorry- what was step two?” someone called from the back of the small group of detectives.
Thrown off his game at last, Sherlock cleared his throat, determined not to lose his composure. “My name is Sherlock Holmes, I’m here to ask you a few questions about what happened on Saturday night. Let’s start with your name.”
“Spare the pleasantries, please. I already know that everyone thinks that I’m unpleasant and a freak, all right? I’ve heard those things my entire life and they don’t bother me anymore. All that matters is that I’m the unpleasant freak that you believe.”
“Yeah. Had him write it out for you.”
“Excellent. I’ll have it as soon as I’m done here, then.”
Hope you enjoyed and thank you so much to those of you who commented/bookmarked/left kudos on the last chapter- I really wasn't expecting that much attention on this, especially not for the first chapter! I'm hoping to have the next chapter to you guys on Monday! Have a great weekend!
“As a matter of fact, I do. Besides, all the evidence you have here is circumstantial.” Sherlock began walking away, down the hall, clearly intent in his decision: “I’ll need to investigate this more.”
So she was seeing somebody- or hooked up with somebody, at least.
“No prints on the knife, but I don’t think it’ll matter. Watson sent the texts, he has no alibi even though footage shows him leaving his apartment about a half hour before the crime- thanks for the tip, by the way- and now his mobile is found with the knife? I’m thinking this is almost over.”
“Poor Katie,” John said, seeming genuinely unaware that Sherlock was implying suspicion rather than genuine concern. “She and Callie were best friends since high school- before that, maybe. She’s absolutely distraught.”
John stared at the screen in front of him, at a loss for the moment. Their last few texts had almost pushed the picture out of frame. John’s eyes studiously avoided looking directly at it again. He began typing furiously.
“You asked me for this arrangement because you wanted it to be mutually beneficial. You wanted to explore a side of yourself you hadn’t before, and I didn’t let you. I took over, every time, and I ignored all the warning signs, because of my own . . . well, because of things that aren’t your fault, that I let get in the way.”
He was being cuddled forcibly by his flatmate.
John didn’t know what to say. He got up, pulling his pants back up his hips, and stopped to pick up the rest of his clothes.
Sherlock’s breath came in gasps, his chest heaving inside his clothes. John had once again co-opted his nervous system.
The sensation was not unpleasant, but John had to fight not to squirm while he adjusted.
“I’m not giving you a hand-job, Sherlock,” interrupted John. “That is something that is absolutely not going to happen.”
“Sherlock,” said John, placing his hand on Sherlock’s back and rubbing vigorously. “Sherlock, wake up.”
Cheeky. Good sign.
He didn’t lay down at first. A bit unsure (he had no idea what he was doing), he began stroking his fingers through Sherlock’s unkempt curls (a bad sign in itself, that lack of grooming). Sherlock liked having his hair pulled during sex; John thought there was a good chance he would respond well to having it played with in a more gentle way. After a couple minutes of petting Sherlock’s head, he thought he sensed Sherlock becoming slightly more aware, and figured now was as good a time as any. He’d never cuddled with a man before, and Sherlock was tall and a bit gangly, and at the moment completely out of control of his limbs.
fallen for the medical emergency text ploy once, the very first time. He’d only been living with Sherlock for about a month. He’d rushed home in a panic, his heart bounding in his chest, his thoughts racing with possible ways Sherlock might have injured himself (and no doubt it was self-inflicted; they weren’t on a case, and the man was brilliant, but in his hyperfocused state, things Sherlock deemed irrelevant went neglected and unobserved). Had he sliced off a finger? Worse, a limb? Had he set fire to the kitchen? Well, he’d done that before; John had seen it. Maybe he was badly burned.
“Do you think you could sit up for me?” asked John. Sherlock nodded weakly and began trying to hoist himself up. He still looked a bit shaky, so John helped a bit. John sat back against the headboard of Sherlock’s bed, propped up by several pillows and in reach of the bedside table, and pulled Sherlock so that they were sitting back to front, Sherlock’s head resting on John’s chest. His legs came up to bracket Sherlock’s body. Sherlock’s curls threatened to go up John’s nose in this position, but he didn’t move. Skin to skin contact was good for premature babies, so why not Sherlock as well?
Sherlock rolled his eyes and opened his mouth but John quickly put his hand over Sherlock’s mouth.
“Yes,” said Sherlock, after a moment’s pause.
John opened the lid on the lube and squirted a generous amount onto his palm. He made sure to rub his hands together to warm it up. The last thing Sherlock needed on his overheated prick
That was when John realized he’d made two mistakes. First, he would have been better off next to Sherlock on the couch, because at least then his vision would have been limited to select body parts at a time. As it was, he was now being treated to the whole visual spectacle of Sherlock in the throes of uncontrollable pleasure (and John could now see that it was indeed pleasure), and that his hand was the instrument of that pleasure. The second mistake? Agreeing to this at all.
Was Sherlock now supposed to say, “You’re welcome”? It seemed an inappropriate response to a sexual encounter that had made him prematurely ejaculate while still wearing his trousers.
“Fuck,” said John, the relief and accompanying pleasure was nearly overwhelming.
Deliberately now, but slowly and relaxed, John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. He allowed his fingernails to gently scratch his flatmate’s scalp in one direction, and then firmer pressure with just the pads of his fingers on the return journey. His hand cupped the back of Sherlock’s skull, right where it began to curve into his neck, and he allowed his fingers to just do what they wanted. He ended up curling and uncurling them through the warm nest of Sherlock’s hair, over and over. He lost time doing it. It was soothing.
, made me watch as your body fell, and your head and your bones and your beautiful mind, and all the rest of you hit the ground and broke forever. And you left me.”
They sat in the quiet for a while. Sherlock didn’t want to rush it.
“I’m a virgin,” interrupted Sherlock.
When Sherlock came back to himself, he remembered the terms of their agreement. John seemed to be intently focused on the bee documentary, but before Sherlock could say anything, reached down to unfasten his own trousers, and pushed them down. The tip of his erect prick was peeking out of the top of his pants.
Sherlock’s first instinct, despite his comfort with nudity, was to curl up into a ball and cover himself from John’s gaze. John was already quite aroused, judging by the bulge in his boxer briefs, and he was looking at Sherlock as if he were a particularly delicious meal.
“I’m going to take your vitals, Sherlock, okay? Just keep breathing, in and out. There you go.”
Sherlock was frowning.
Sherlock pulled John to the middle of the bed and urged him to lie down, on top of the covers. “I want to see you,” said Sherlock.
They ended up face to face this time, both of Sherlock’s hands braced on the headboard, one knee hooked over John’s good shoulder, the other clinging to John’s back, as John pounded into him. It wasn’t gentle, or nice, but it made Sherlock's blood sing.
The girl was safely returned to her parents by noon the next day, and John had been with him for the last stretch of it. John watching Sherlock be brilliant never failed to make the man giddy, even after all these years. Lestrade finally had to shoo them off of his crime scene when the giggling got out of hand, and they bundled into a cab home.
“Okay, good.” John removed his fingers from Sherlock’s neck.
John couldn’t help himself at this point. He practically launched himself onto Sherlock. Before the younger man could so much as blink, John had straddled him and pinned his hands above  his head. His thighs pressed into Sherlock’s lower ribs.
“Quite a lot of things, in this instance,” said John, “but I’m afraid most of that is on me. I’m so sorry, Sherlock, I’ve been a right arse to you. No, I’ve been worse than that. I don’t—”
“John, I have a proposal for you.”
When would John give him an answer? How long could he possibly need? How much longer was Sherlock going to have to wait?
“We don’t have to talk right now. Right now, I just want to know what you want to do. Do you want to sleep? Or do you want to get up for the day? I left Rosie with Mrs. Hudson, but I can go get her if you want to see her.” John knew Sherlock sometimes liked to have lazy mornings with his daughter when he thought John wasn’t paying attention. He’d often caught Sherlock holding her close and smelling her head. Rosie was a safe subject, so John finally brought his gaze back to Sherlock’s, whose face was betraying nothing. He only looked at John as if he were listening attentively for maybe the first time in his life when a case wasn’t involved.
“I’m sorry.”
Sherlock always tried to stay in the moment, to enjoy the soft afterglow of mindless comfort while it lasted. John was still on top of him, his lips mouthing curses of disbelief into Sherlock’s shoulder. His suit jacket caught and held the moisture of John’s breath. When John was able to sit up, Sherlock felt the loss of John’s weight, and a hand trailed softly down his spine. He shivered, moaned, wanted to tell John to keep going, but of course the gentle pressure stopped, and John slipped out of him. John’s thumb brushed over his swollen opening, and he realized semen was slowly dripping down his inner thigh. A deep inhale of breath from John told Sherlock he liked what he saw. He slowly, carefully, dipped his thumb into the still open sphincter, and gently massaged his ejaculate into Sherlock’s rim. Sherlock couldn’t help it, he twitched in surprise, but the movement shocked John out of whatever reverie he’d been enjoying, and he quickly withdrew his hand.
. Are you seriously proposing that we, that we
But while he’d been soaking up all the John-ness that he could, he had also begun to notice, well,
“This is why virginity is such a useless construct, John. When I say that I am a virgin, it could mean anything. I could mean that I’ve never participated in any sort of sexual behavior at all, from masturbation all the way through the spectrum up to penetrative sex . . .”
, thought Sherlock.
Sherlock pulled his fingers out and John squeezed more lube onto his hand. Sherlock coated his prick with the fresh lube, wincing at the cold.
Another pause.
“It’s my dominant hand. I needed to make sure.”
“And that’s love, isn’t it?”
When he was done spasming into his best friend’s hand, he sank back down into the mattress, warm contentment spreading through his limbs.
“Hmm?” said John.
“John?”
“Right,” said John. “Stay here.”
“Good one?” he asked Sherlock.
He would have lost it right then if all those weeks of prolonged masturbation hadn’t improved his stamina. He’d given plenty of blow jobs, but he’d never been on the receiving end before. It felt lovely and warm, and John seemed to be enjoying himself. Sherlock had already been pretty close to his climax when John pulled out, so it didn’t take long before he was fisting John’s hair, trying to get enough oxygen into his lungs to warn him. John didn’t pull away, and Sherlock came with a silent scream, that floaty feeling once again descending upon him.
“I didn’t realize that’s what was going on until last night, when you were so upset with me. I could tell something was wrong beyond even your normal levels of annoyance, and as soon as you walked out of the room, I knew I’d crossed a line. And the more I thought about it, I realized that most of the time when we have sex, you sort of, I don’t know, turn yourself over to me, and I’ve just horribly taken advantage of that. Do you understand?”
“No,” said Sherlock. “I never have. People are so dull, John. I have usually found being touched extremely unpleasant.”
“Sex,” repeated John. Infuriating.
The saliva pooled in Sherlock’s mouth. He wanted.
“Almost forgot,” said John, easing Sherlock’s pajama bottoms down and off his long legs. Sherlock was now completely naked below him, his skin still glowing in the dim light, his cock hard and already weeping pre-come against his belly. John let in a ragged breath and moved so that Sherlock’s hand could easily reach him. He tucked his cold toes under Sherlock’s thighs.
John leaned down so that his mouth grazed Sherlock’s ear.
“Yeah, all right,” said John, putting his book down and gazing fondly at Rosie, who was on her back under that absurd baby playmat with the dangly bits (Sherlock had replaced several of these with more scientifically accurate versions of the animals and insects represented, but neither John or Rosie had been pleased, and they had been removed).
“Yes,” he said.
“Sherlock.”
needle . . .
Sherlock just lay there, still breathing heavily, his eyes closed. He didn’t even realize his hips were still in the air until John pulled the soiled pillow out from under him, and covered him with his sheet once again. Sherlock sunk down into the mattress, the muscles in his thighs and groin aching. His arse had a heartbeat.
John sighed, “Well yes, of course you
“Up on your knees, I think, and forward a little,” said Sherlock, guiding John’s hips where he wanted them.
It was easy to drift off, float away into the dark.
“Yeah?”
“I assume it’s about your lack of reciprocation. The inequality, as you see it, is bothering you.”
John turned on the TV and tucked in, not bothering to keep quiet or limit his movements or keep the volume down. Halfway through his sandwich, Sherlock finally moved from the position he’d held for—John checked his watch—fifty-six minutes now. John watched Sherlock now instead of the telly, still munching contentedly on his food. Sherlock was obviously out of his temporary coma. He stretched languidly, like a great big cat. Still asleep then, and shuffling to get comfortable. His feet pushed out on the floor, toes unfurling, his arms heavy at his sides, then immediately contracted back, beginning to fall sideways seemingly in slow motion, presumably to lay on the sofa with his back to the telly.
Sherlock steepled his fingers under his chin.
“You staying or not?” asked John.
Sherlock went on, purposefully not answering John’s implied question, hoping John would leave it.
“We can both have what we want, John.”
John couldn’t help giggling again.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, and then rolled over onto his back, his eyes focused on the ceiling. He seemed to be trying to figure out what he wanted to say, or perhaps how to say it.
“One, that each sexual encounter should be fully desired by both parties. Two, either party can initiate. Three, we will only engage in sexual relations at night when Rosie is asleep, or when she is out of the house.”
“Do you know what he told me, Sherlock? Hmm?”
John was breathing heavily, and his head was pressing hard into his pillow in an effort not to cry out, or spend himself too quickly. His hips twitched in frustration. Even as Sherlock’s hand stroked him, John wanted more.
Sherlock did, and was surprised when John squeezed a fair amount of lube onto it. John was on his knees now.
“Never any tact,” he sighed.
“I can’t do that, John. I’ve already tried. It . . . didn’t go well.”
“Yes,” said Sherlock, and stood there, waiting for John to take the lead, which it seemed he was all too happy to do.
He pulled Sherlock’s pants back up his hips, and his vest back down. For good measure, he also pulled the sides of Sherlock’s dressing gown closed so that it was encasing him in warm, soft material. When he was done with that, he reached up to check Sherlock’s pulse. His fingers found a steadily beating, normal heart, fast sinking into the slower rhythms of sleep.
He knew he’d been letting some of that old anger out on Sherlock lately. And he knew it was coming from the same place it always had. This was where his self-reflection normally stopped, just before he would actually learn anything he couldn’t put back under wraps.
“Sherlock, listen to me,” he said, Sherlock’s hand firm in his own. “Are you listening?”
“Of any kind.”
Once he had collected the necessary supplies, and brought Rosie down to Mrs. Hudson’s, he moved back into Sherlock’s bedroom, placing them on the bedside table.
Sherlock wasn’t letting him retreat, the bloody git, and John’s heart was pounding from the conflict of it. He didn’t want to tell Sherlock, but part of him just wanted it over and done with, and that part could sense rest and relief might be possible if he did what Sherlock asked.
John continued to stare at him.
John could only stare at him. What was going on? Sherlock could lie like the best of them, better than almost anyone, but—
Sherlock didn’t say anything, just nodded, his eyes locked on John’s. John knew they weren’t out of the woods quite yet.
He and Sherlock hadn’t really been okay in a long time. A lot of that was on Sherlock. John’s fists still clenched in remembered rage whenever he thought of that long drop from the top of St. Bart’s, rounding the corner to see Sherlock’s broken body lying on the ground, and the dread and certainty that the brightest thing in his life was gone forever, for no good fucking reason. But that had been years back, time long gone. Which was just an excuse. Not even a year ago that old anger had been set loose on Sherlock once again, and in his most self-reflective moments, John knew the incident in the morgue wasn’t really about Mary’s death. Or rather, it was, but that was only one part of it.
He lifted himself off of Sherlock, disposed of the condom, and came back to bed.
It was at this point that John realized he was almost completely naked, save for the shirt that was still rucked up to his chest. He pulled it the rest of the way off, and used it to clean up the rest of his mess, most of which had landed on his sheets. When he was done, he threw the shirt onto the floor with his other dirty clothes and pulled the duvet up around him, snuggling in. Sherlock just watched him.
John smiled. “Yes, that one probably could have gone unmentioned, but I suppose it’s nice to have it said aloud anyway. Did you have more?”
“Why are you here?”
“Oh, Jesus Christ, fuck,” exclaimed John, “Right there. Shit.”
John had no response to this that he thought might stick, so he said nothing.
“Don’t say ‘cock’. It can hear you,” said Sherlock, nodding down toward his wayward penis. Unthinking, John looked down as well. His face suffused with heat again as he took in the erect state of said appendage, which was now lying parallel to Sherlock’s flat and seriously pale belly. John reminded himself to think clinically. It was so engorged, it looked almost purple. Talk about blue balls. He shuddered imperceptibly, this time in sympathy.
John’s mind had already fast-forwarded past the act. It seemed easier that way, to think of it as something he’d already done.
“Good, perfect. Open your eyes and talk to me, Sherlock.”
Instead, John let Sherlock stay.
“Let go,” said John, his limbs heavy.
, he could give himself a heart attack.
“I trust you, John,” he said.
Things are going to get a little bit dicey and emotional for Sherlock next chapter. He doesn't quite know what he wants/needs, let alone how to ask for it.
“Are you going to leave?” asked Sherlock, his voice deep and clear for the first time all morning.
“Right,” he said, “I have an idea.” And he maneuvered them so that he was lying on his belly, both of Sherlock’s knees resting on his shoulders this time. Sherlock only realized what was about to happen just as John’s mouth began to slide down his aching prick.
He waited for a response, but there was nothing.
As John passed him, he put a hand lightly on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Oh, fuck,” said John, and Sherlock felt as one of John’s hands curled into his hair, cupping the back of his head. Goosepimples spread from the contact point all the way down to Sherlock’s tailbone, down his arms practically to the tips of his fingers. He moaned onto John’s cock, and John thrust up into Sherlock’s mouth in response. Sherlock gagged a little, but didn’t pull off.
When had he put that there? John tried to remember, and couldn’t. Sherlock’s hand was large and sturdy, and it felt nice against the bare skin of John’s lower back. The fingers were mimicking the movements John had made earlier on Sherlock’s scalp, curling and uncurling. He supposed this was Sherlock’s way of returning the favor, of petting him back.
For a time (he wasn’t sure how long as his brain seemed to have gone offline) he just sat there, his hands full of food and suspended over Sherlock’s head. When he had come back to himself after this indeterminate period of befuddlement, there didn’t actually seem to be much of a choice in the matter. With a put upon sigh, he set his tea and his plate on the side table within arm’s reach, picked his remaining sandwich half up off the plate, and set to finishing his meal with his flatmate snoozing away on his legs.
“There you are,” said John. “Feeling better?”
“Because I’m going to give you what you want.”
John went down to see about some food. And some tea. He bloody well needed a nice hot cuppa.
Bits of him were still twitching in the aftershocks when he felt Sherlock kiss him on the lips, slow and hungry. He couldn’t recall Sherlock coming, but he must have done as his cock was now softening, and streaks of semen decorated John’s abdomen. He opened his eyes with some effort, and Sherlock kissed him again, short and to the point. Then he moved himself off of John onto his front and opened his legs in invitation.
First, Sherlock cupped his face. He ran his thumbs over John’s cheeks and down to his lips, but he did not kiss him. He lingered on John’s lips for quite some time, until John thought he would go mad with it. The nerves there were tingly with overstimulation, and he wanted Sherlock’s hands elsewhere.
John’s thoughts tripped a bit as Sherlock articulated the phrase ‘penetrative sex,’ but he didn’t interrupt.
He couldn’t even remember what he had wanted to say.
. I saw an opportunity to offer you something you needed, and to get what I wanted as well. I took it.”
“Sherlock, what—”
With not a little trepidation, John cleared his throat. “Hey, what we do next depends on your answer here, yeah? So be honest, because I’m not leaving this bed again.”
John wanted very badly at this point to reach out and touch Sherlock in return, but something made him stop. Sherlock hadn’t asked him if they could have sex, just for permission to touch him. This was as much an experiment for the genius as it was a sexual encounter. John could almost feel Sherlock weighing his reactions, asking himself, “Do I like this? What about this?” John hoped there would be time later for him to touch Sherlock in return, but for now he would wait. Instead, he clasped his hands together and wedged them underneath his pillow. Hands off.
“Little,” said Sherlock, and John obliged as Sherlock rolled over. He scooted up behind Sherlock and tucked their knees together, pulling the other man close to his front. John was pressed so near to Sherlock there was nowhere else to place his nose but the spot where Sherlock’s ear met his neck. It was extremely comfortable. He’d never spooned someone taller than himself before. He wondered what it would feel like the other way around. Sherlock was so big, he’d be able to wrap himself almost completely around John, but with John as the big spoon, his largeness made this feel special, too. It made John wonder, that for someone so larger than life, so loud and brilliant and at times abrasive as Sherlock could be, that there was something inside of him John had unearthed that needed nurturing, and care, and comfort.
“Yes, Sherlock. I am.”
“It’s all you from here, Sherlock. I know you said you tried having a wank, but you’re going to try again, and it’s not going to be a big deal.”
But this wasn’t sex, right? This was a friend, a doctor friend, helping out another friend who required some assistance. John was nothing if not excellent at providing assistance.
Quietly devastated, he stripped down to his skin, wiped himself off, and curled up under his covers, where he would wait it out the best he could.
“Good night, John.”
It was in the cab that things got heated. John’s giggles turned to furtive glances, and before Sherlock knew what was happening, John had picked up Sherlock’s hand and placed it on top of John’s crotch, whereupon he felt John’s erection hot underneath. His hand remained there for the rest of the ride home. He wondered, had John reacted liked this at the end of a case before, or was it new, a result of their arrangement? Had others been the recipients of John’s amorous attentions post-case? Sherlock didn’t think so. Too many nights had ended with just the two of them, eating Chinese food or some-such.
He’d also made it a regular habit to visit with Eurus at least a couple of times a month. This, for some reason, always made John fidgety, and his homecomings had taken a more lascivious turn of late, with John frequently removing all of his clothing and pinning him to the nearest available surface, or simply pulling down his trousers and shagging him right there on the rug.
“What, really? You would go to hospital?”
Sherlock stopped him from descending into a giggling fit with a chaste kiss, and pulled away.
John handed him the toast and Sherlock took it without thinking, immediately beginning to eat. John brought his arms to wrap around Sherlock’s chest, and rested his cheek on the top of Sherlock’s head as Sherlock contentedly munched away. When he finished his first slice John handed him the second, and this went on for a bit. When he had finished, licking his fingers to get the lingering jam, he leaned fully back onto John, his head turning so that his cheek was against John’s chest.
“In the last 24-hours alone we’ve both given each other handies, so the first one’s definitely off the table,” said John helpfully, unable to silence the giggle he felt rising up in him. He was feeling punch drunk with lust and the unexpected intimacy of Sherlock in his bed, under his duvet.
John felt his prick come to full attention. Sherlock felt it too. His hands left John’s arse so they could pull his pants the rest of the way off his legs. They got caught on his foot and John kicked out in frustration, hearing the pants hit the floor several feet away.
“Sherlock?”
“John—”
But the bad was really quite bad, and Sherlock was not doing well.
Sherlock had been thinking of the best way to start this conversation now for days, and he hoped the words he’d settled on would get him the information he needed. He’d thought up a hundred different ways to trick this information out of John, but in the end had settled on simply asking him.
“Only, I started to think, what if you were?”
Finally, he spoke, setting down his own half drunk cup.
As if reading his mind, Sherlock skimmed down John’s ribs until he reached John’s waist. He rucked up John’s t-shirt, and with both hands on the small of John’s back, pulled him close. An unearthly growl rumbled up from Sherlock’s diaphragm, and John thought it was entirely too smug of a growl.
This made John pause. He’d been so caught up in how good it felt to finally give in to his desire for his friend, he’d almost forgotten. Sherlock had never done this before. And as much as John just wanted to pounce on him and take him apart ruthlessly, he didn’t want Sherlock’s first time to be a whirlwind that swept him along. He un-suctioned his lips from Sherlock’s glorious neck and sat back so that he was now resting on Sherlock’s thighs.
“But you
John sighed and closed his eyes. Sherlock didn’t force him to open them, thank Christ, but he did place his large hand firmly on John’s chest, letting him know he was still there, waiting.
“Okay,” said John, his heart beating like a rabbit’s, and a curious warmth spreading outwards from his chest and up through his face and hands. “Big spoon or little spoon?”
And he was heading straight for John.
“Yes, until you touched me. Imagine my surprise, John, when your touch not only didn’t frustrate or repulse me, but actively added to my pleasure.”
“What experiment was that?” asked John. His hand was still nestled in Sherlock’s curls.
Another fact. When souls are meant to meet, they simply do, but only when is meant to be, not when they want to...
This story won't be too long, maybe sixty or seventy chapters (WHAAAAAAAT? NOT LONG???? WTF??? I know! As i wrote, not TOO long). I hope you're enjoying it, not finding it too boring.
After their first night, sex became a part of their everyday life, being a quick hand job at the shower in the mornings, a hasty hump on the sofa in the afternoon while Rosie napped, or full on sex whenever the opportunity rose, taking their time to love each other in the way they did. If only life could be just about them in their bubble and the wonderful sex they were having; but life got in the way and they had to make do.
“You’re right” John admitted to himself and Sherlock “I know you’re right” He sighed “But put yourself in my shoes for once” He let his arms down and clenched his fist to the side “You reject me during our first dinner together, said you were not interested. The moment I show interest in someone else you dismiss them, as much as you dismiss me… You sent mix signals for years, and the... the bloody woman… You fucking saved her and then kept texting her”
“Not mine, Mummy” Sherlock rolled his eyes, but his voice betrayed him.
.  His father was shocked; his “true hero” was nothing more than “a silly boy, a sodding fag” that needed, quite urgently, a trip to military school to become a real man, a real Watson.
“Then I’ll see you next Friday” Sherlock smiled.
He arrived to his flat and was greeted by Mike and Bill, they both had been waiting for John to arrive to share a few beers, celebrate the end of their second year and compare notes from the exams, also to gossip about John’s love life and how Sherlock was.
Sorry if I have offended anyone with my ideas and writing... I just want to kindly remind you that "You have a choice" and you can choose not to read
“Then I’ll go to London every weekend” Sherlock shrugged.
They both had three words in their minds, in the tip of their tongues, but it was too soon to voice them, at least it was what they thought. Sherlock had asked John to move in with him; John agreed, but he knew it was too soon, he just hoped that when it happened they’ll be ready, Sherlock on the other hand, was anxious for time to fly by so he could be with the man he loved.
The conversation flowed for the next hour until Rosie woke up and Sherlock helped John to put her back to sleep by playing his violin. When John finally fell asleep, Sherlock closed the window and went to bed. It was the first time he went to bed this happy, knowing that soon he’ll have his boyfriend with him and he’ll get to show him around.
He closed his eyes and relished on John’s warm body next to his and took a deep breath, at the same time, John moved closer, putting his arm over Sherlock’s stomach and pulling him close, inhaling deeply and sighing happily, fast asleep. Sherlock couldn’t help the smile that spread over his face, he put his arm around John and kissed his temple, relishing in the smile that appeared on John’s lips and the soft mumble of his name.
We soulmates guide each other, help each other overcome in times of need, stay calm in times of sorrow...
Sherlock went to him and put his arms around the both of them. Rosie launched herself at Sherlock and snuggled close to his chest as soon as he grabbed her “I missed you too” He muttered, he gave John a quick and soft kiss before holding his hand and walking out of the station. John held to Sherlock’s hand like a lifeline and leaned close to his boyfriend, feeling comforted and calm as soon as he felt his warm hand in his.
"We were very close to meeting each other." He smiles, oh how I love that smile. "I didn't know you, yet somehow, I knew you were somewhere, out there, waiting for me." I brush a curl away and look into those ocean like eyes, "loving me as much as I love you."
“Is your father welcome too?” Julia asked in a whisper. John nodded and smiled at her.
A couple of weeks later, of going back and forth with their flirtation, he was there again, like every night. Today, he ran a bit late, with surgery and all, but he needed to see Sherlock.
“You were saying?” John’s voice was low, menacing, he had that smile on his face that made Sherlock cower and want to look for refuge.
At some point, John and Sherlock were in the same place, at the same time, but separated by six degrees, at Molly’s sixteenth birthday. James was kissing John, Victor was trying to kiss Sherlock, and as the butterfly wings that define the entire faith of the universe, they didn’t meet that evening because Sherlock fled the place five seconds before John turned on his heels and recognised Victor as one of his new Biology classmates.
“She seems nice” John smiled shyly, breaking the slight tension. Sherlock laughed hard and looked at John, shaking his head and rolling his eyes “You have me” John sighed and they looked at each other for a while. If they had been together, they’d be kissing by now.
“Cons first?” Sherlock’s hand trembled and he left the pipette and walked over to John.
and stood there with his hand on the fake veranda.   He knew the song by heart now and he knew when to sway and when to bend, but today, even though he tried to focus and “act his part” as requested, he couldn’t, his mind was elsewhere. Sure he moved and swayed, he sang and danced but his mind was definitely elsewhere, his mind was in the stranger that had come to see him perform the last couple of weeks…
Sherlock turned, sensing him and gave him a smile, John approached them and could see Rosie fighting sleep, lost in Sherlock’s eyes; she tried to grab John but she was too tired to even move her arms. “She misses you, you know?” John smiled a bit sadly.
“And he started harassing you before or after?” John had to check his facts before he punched the lights out of Anderson.
John couldn’t believe he was so enchanted by this guy, by his movements…
And so their days go by, watching the tiny human being getting bigger, growing steadily and surpassing everyone’s expectations with her cleverness and the way she learns, understands, accepts and loves unconditionally. They are amazed by this little girl that has turned their lives upside down, that has made them better people just by trusting in them blindly, trusting that they’ll be there for her.
“It’s late” Sherlock smiled softly as soon as John’s face materialised in front of him.
“Before you cross the street, take my hand”
Sherlock’s world stopped once more, he had no idea what to say. He knew John was attracted to him but wasn’t sure it would last, considering what his brother had said about his parent “lust at first sight”
“You called me” John chuckled.
At first, the souls were together all the time, joined in love and understanding. Shapeless, Sexless. Faithful to one another. They moved together for millions of years, watching the world turn, move, change, be... And they simply were...
Ever since "Cain" killed "Abel", souls were punished, you see... soul-kind frowns upon killing, especially when you kill your soulmate for reasons that are not reasons...
Sherlock resented the situation but was able to provide comfort in the form of his parents. Violet and Siger Holmes had fallen utterly in love with the little girl and had offered to take care of her whenever John were out of his depth, which was almost every day. John accepted gladly, of course he did, because that meant Rosie would be well cared for and kept safe for as long as needed.
ok yeah right figures like u actually give a fuck about anyone else’s feelings but ur own
They walked off; Loman didn’t acknowledge Sherlock once. Sherlock rushed to follow them, leaving his plate abandoned on the table. He couldn’t get anyone’s attention until he finally reached the police car parked at the front of campus, where Lestrade was waiting.
“Working on the investigation.”
“How’s it going?” Lestrade asked from the doorway, nearly making him just out of his skin.
“One of them wouldn’t open at all, but we already looked into it- it’s been like that for nearly a week, Callie reported it to the residence staff.”
“Here at the station, waiting for an escort to be assigned.”
a student.”
Instead, he typed out what he’d learned from Callie’s blog along with some theories and a course of action. He mentioned that Zach could be the man she was leaving school for and included some of the background he’d found. He emailed what he had and considered eating himself, but he wasn’t hungry. He treated himself to a few lines of coke instead.
Sherlock silenced him quickly with a wave of his hand and motioned that they should listen. All around them, they could hear doors opening from the other rooms. “Go on then, look outside.”
but we don’t have any evidence linking Watson to Wells’s death or that Wells was murdered in the first place. He was drunk, there are no signs of a struggle…”
Well, it's been awhile. There are a couple reasons, but I won't get into them. Instead I will finally give you this chapter and get right to work on the next one- promise! Hope you enjoy!
John had always known he was different, whilst the other boys wanted to fight he wanted to heal, so by five he knew he wanted to be a doctor; but not just any doctor, a doctor that would heal the fighters, so an army doctor it is. He told his parents about his idea by the time he was seven, Henry Watson, the proud father had patted him on the shoulder and had called him a brave man “One of the few willing, a true hero”. John beamed at him and felt, for the first time in his life, that he had done something great.
Sherlock was satisfied with the deductions he had made the first time he met John, even though he still remained a mystery in many aspects, he was absolutely pleased with the knowledge that John in fact was gay and that the baby wasn’t his. It still remained a mystery why he was marrying Mary, but that could be easily solved by questioning him. Unfortunately, Lestrade wouldn’t allow Sherlock in the interrogation room; Lestrade even went to the lengths of calling Mycroft to retrieve his nosy little brother form the yard and fetch him back to Oxford, he had already missed more school days than he’d asked for. Reluctantly, Sherlock followed his brother, but not before he got a hold of John’s contact information.
As he lay awake for a few moments watching at the ceiling, he reflected on the day. He was happy, like he had never been, not even his experiments made him as happy as watching Rosie sleep; but he was tired too, she was a full time job, he had no idea how John managed almost on his own for over five months; no matter how many people was there to help, he was always behind on something, might it be studying, sleeping, eating… living…
“Why?” Sally distracted him from his reverie and he just looked at her, inhaling deeply and nothing her scent. In that moment, Anderson walked in the room and stopped dead, looking from Sally to Sherlock.
John took a deep breath and looked at his friends “If I didn’t knew better I would think you wanted to get rid of me” John joked and they laughed.
“What?” Sherlock asked in form of greeting as soon as he closed the car door and they drove away.
“Victor” Sherlock tilted his head to the side.
“What?” John cocked his head and furrowed his brow.
Eurus: Bug, short for Ladybug
Silas goes to the brothel and asks for the man he had two days ago. Phares recognises him and gives him the news. Brokenhearted, he returns to Maria and tries to forget, unfortunately for him, he's been seen leaving the brothel and his father finds out. He's sent away a week later, wife and cattle on tow. He ends up in
“Doctor” John corrected and let out a soft chuckle “Doctor Watson” He smiled “Nice to meet you too, Mister” He bit his lower lip.
Soulmates make love.
They ate in an uncomfortable silence, neither knowing how to resume the conversation. When the food was finished and dessert was served, the silence had turned into tension, Sherlock kept looking out the window and fidgeting, John was focused on the candle in front of him, both thinking about what to do and ask. John decided it could be a good idea to come and live with Sherlock, that would give them time to know each other, but it could also ruin everything, having a baby wasn’t easy and Sherlock just had shared with Rosie a few nights at Oxford, never in London.
“So?” John smiled shyly.
Rosie’s room was done in a short time; they settled the little girl in her cot with a few plush toys, including a ladybug, a bumblebee and a honeybee that Sherlock had purchased for her, while they fixed her clothes, toys, pictures, books and baby proofed he room, placing outlet covers and hiding electrical cords, the also placed safety gates at the top of the stairs and the always needed doorstops, not before they secured all the furniture, to avoid anything falling on her.
“Is this how it feels to think about the one you love all the time?” He asked the emptiness that surrounded him… Molly arrived, with her pleasant smile, all forgiving, wanting to be with John and Rosie, asking John out for a coffee… and John had said yes… In the end, Molly’s love wasn’t as deepest and purest as she pretended to be… It took a couple of weeks of sharing a baby for her to fall for John… MY JOHN!
A nurse? A doctor?
When the rough days were finally over, they left the flat and took her to the park. They walked, each taking turns to carry her, and appreciated the liveliness she was showing for the first time in about a week, enjoying her excitement when she pointed to a “birdie”, and the way she clapped excitedly when she saw the few birds left in the skies that last day of September. They were glad their little girl was feeling better, back to “normal”, and just a few days before her first birthday and their seven months together.
The same conversation happened over the next two weeks. John was certain that he not only liked Sherlock Holmes but that he was inevitably and utterly falling deeply in love with Sherlock. They had become friends over the past couple of weeks; they flirted back and forth but never talked about feelings. Sherlock complained about boredom, told John about his experiments, talked about his family, university and the lack of a decent murder in the area.
“Out on the ocean, sailing away”
. and his finger over his plush lip and another wiggle.
John just blinked several times, trying to catch with everything Sherlock was saying. He was supposed to be finishing his third year, not University, he’s just eighteen! And going to college for three years already… John sighed… he needed to remember he was dating a freaking genius that solved a crime in less than a minute…
“As I said” John took a deep breath “It goes beyond loyalty. I loved Mary, very much, as much as I would love a sister and yes…” John nodded and smiled “I’m willing to help my family as much as I can in any way I can, even if it meant lying to her parents with a sham marriage. We even thought about eloping” John chuckled “but we realised that probably her parents would want to see a marriage certificate. It was all about making a lot of people happy even though we knew we were going to get divorced a year later”
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes, will you marry me?”
David was caught two days later, Sherlock made sure of that, he found him at a coffee shop near Mary and John’s flat. When Sherlock located him he called Lestrade -after five years he still refuses to acknowledge his name is Greg- and they made an arrest. When questioned for the reason to his whereabouts, he said he wanted to pick his daughter up, meet her properly and take her with him. During his confession David revealed that he wanted to stop the wedding and Mary had refused, when he had pointed out that she was marrying a fag, Mary had glared at him, defended John as the best man she had ever met, called herself Mary Watson and ordered him to leave. When Mary said that Rosie Watson was John’s daughter and not his, David was consumed by a rage he hadn’t known, he had used the screwdriver -which he had brought to open the window from outside- to stab her in the chest and then in the abdomen. Mary hadn’t fought, she had simply allowed him to kill her and before she died she had whispered Rosie’s name and then John’s; when David heard Mr. Morstan’s voice outside the door he fled the scene as quietly as possible and closed the window.
I'd seen it. Was it last year or the last century? Always too late, always at the morgue. Is it "morgue" the correct term? Or not yet? Which century is this one? Blasted memory, remembering everything but which year is it... So many lonely years, only to find him dead once again...
I can see him shivering as he remembers. I reach out and his fingers touch mine. I can see exactly what he sees.
“Yes” Sherlock shook his head. “No” He nodded and tried to gather his thoughts. “Victor” He swallowed hard and tried to compose himself, his brain was short-circuiting. “Victor” he tried again and realised he had his hand on John’s hand. “My friend Victor” He memorised the feeling of the manly hand in his. “He always comes to get me after the show is over” He blushed as he felt John’s thumb stroking his knuckles.
“Wow” His father whistled “That sure is impressive” He looked at Sherlock again and watched his wife’s fascinated face as she talked to him “How old is he?”
“Hey!” John practically ran to Sherlock the second he saw him standing outside Bart’s “What’re you doing here?” He asked and planted several kissed on Sherlock’s lips.
Mrs. Hudson was… ecstatic. The night she had met John she had fallen utterly in love with the little girl; with just one glance she loved John and she already loved Sherlock; the boy had done so much for her in such a short time, that she found the idea of having him living with her the most wonderful idea ever. Looking at them as a couple was almost miraculous, their mutual respect and consideration -even though it might be short lived- was something to admire, and the looks of love and pure adoration they shared were delighting.
The first ever thing I remember is collecting flowers. "Samples," for medicine, to try them on the sick. A "patient" came, nothing to be done but wait. Now I know she was to be your mother in the near future.
John moaned at the contact and grabbed Sherlock in the same way, his hand squeezing Sherlock’s dick before stroking Sherlock’s cock more firmly. Sherlock shivered and bit his lower lip to contain a whimper. They started kissing more hungrily while they got each other off.
“This is between the freak and me” Anderson pulled on Sherlock’s collar once more; before he knew it, John had turned him and punched him right in the middle of the face; Anderson stumbled on his feet and his arse hit the floor with a loud thud, he grimaced and before he could understand what had happened, John was on top of him, grabbing him by the collar.
“We’re not together, Mamie” Sherlock managed before his voice broke and he had to swallow hard, closing his eyes to stop the tears “We’re just friends” He whispered and Mamie held him close.
“John?” Sherlock put his hand over John’s and John shook his head and started laughing hard “What?” Sherlock frowned and looked at him angrily.
“Much” Sherlock kissed John’s chest and looked up “Have I told you how much I love you today?” His hand arrived to his point of interest and gave a little squeeze making John squirm
Unlike history, stories come and go, unlike history, you can write your own story. Stories. A story could turn into history; for this to happen it must have a hero (maybe in the side of angles, but not one of them), a villain (staying alive), a lady (not in distress, not necessarily, better a BAMF), a child (must be cute as hell, defenseless and innocent, not like the orphan), a friend (Mike rules!, so does Papa Lestrade), sibling rivalry (cue Mycroft's sneer, Sherlock's eye-roll and Eurus' manic smile), disgrace for one character (no need to remember the Reichenbach), then their redemption (You
... seeing the other is an act of love, therefore, you make love.
“And my brother?” John asked, still trying to grasp all the information
He groans inwardly, not wanting to wake his bed mate and tries to roll -but all he can roll without feeling it in his entire body- are his eyes, as he realizes how flowery he’s just been. Thinking like a swooned maiden that has been kissed for the first time by the chivalrous gentleman she has been in love for the last 29 chapters… He wants to berate himself for being so sappy, but he can’t help the giddy sensation run down his entire body whenever he closes his eyes and feels -simply feels- what John has done to his body.
“Son” Julia Watson approached the car and looked at John questioningly.
“But if that were true” Violet continued “He would hang up the second Rosie falls asleep instead of chatting with us for at least half an hour” She leaned closer and hugged John “Thank you” She gave him a kiss on the cheek “have a nice trip, son” She patted his arm softly before practically pushing him in to the train.
He is the best in the house.
Hey there!  I just had some free time, yay! Sorry for the delay, work is crazy. To my few, faithful readers, I thank you for following my silly fics. Happy Sherlock!
Suffice to say, my better half knows how to get us in trouble...
Silas is an exemplary son. Always wakes early, feeds the animals of the farm, fills his duty, respects father and mother, studies and does as he's told, by father and temple. His blonde head distinguishes  him from his siblings and every woman wants him. He knows this and enjoys the attention, which is why he exercises every morning and pumps his pectorals and abdominals. He knows he can have whomever he wants, be man or woman, but his parents have chosen a girl for him. Maria will become his wife in a fortnight and her dowry, some land, some money and cattle, will come to him and his family.
“I should have known” John huffed but smiled fondly at her “Here” He handed Rosie. “Be back at four. Thanks” He hugged her briefly and ran down the stairs to go to class.
He found the plush bee after a few minutes; he fished it from under their bed,
“John” Sherlock looked at his boyfriend and could see the sadness and desperation “How may I help?” He wanted to reach for John, kiss him and hold him.
