TS: [smug] I know.
Thanks for reading, all, and thank you for your comments and kudos. They always make me smile.
“Be honest with me, J. Is Steve Rogers my type no matter what?”
Tony can hear the scrape of Steve’s shield as he gets to his feet. Tony checks his own comm link. Steve’s voice is clear enough but pitched wrong.
Later, Tony will insist he had absolutely nothing to do with Steve’s Heart obsession or how any time “Alone” comes on, Steve turns it up and sings along. Off-key.
,” Steve snaps.
“Traitors! All of you!” Tony shouts and flings himself indignantly onto the sofa, burying his face in Steve’s side.
“They were in season,” Tony says from the other side of the counter. “Bought a bushel. Or a peck? Never could keep those straight.”
“Just the sort that can rewrite worlds,” says a new voice.
“Fair point.” Tony shakes the tie off his wrists and lifts an eyebrow in challenge. “You going to do something about it?”
Steve turns out to be there a lot.
“Tony?”
Steve starts and looks up, his gaze locked with Tony’s for a long moment. “Suppose I do.”
Carter’s gaze is on him again. Tony’s mouth goes dry.
“Hard to know who to trust?” Howard fills in.  “No need to hide anymore, here; not like where I’m headed back to.”
Steve sighs. “I don’t know. Dinner, a movie. Talking about why you’re upset before you start accusing me of things.”
As far as Tony’s first spin as a team leader goes, it’s not great. Could be worse. They are working together, after all, even if “working together” means “shoving him and Cap into a conference room and shutting the door, but only after confiscating the Iron Man helmet and Captain America shield so there’s a less likely chance of them killing one another, à la gingham dog and calico cat.”
“Better than I have since I woke up,” Steve replies, and Tony knows the rest of the sentence is
“ ‘M fine,” Tony mutters, shaking him off. “What, are you immune or something?”
“I think Tony might prefer not to see me for a while.”
“We have any prior intel?”
Tony’s sleep hygiene goes through the roof. Pepper is equal parts thrilled and suspicious and therefore, the first one they tell.
Welcome! This is the start of the fic.
There is a howl of rage from somewhere above him and a crack of thunder so loud, Tony nearly takes his thumb off with a saw. He’s up the stairs and almost collides with Nat coming around a corner, Steve on her heels. Nat is pulling on her Widow Bites, otherwise in jeans, a t-shirt, and socks. Tony has his left gauntlet and a stripped down version of the suit’s display, covering one side of his face. Steve, bafflingly, carries a baseball bat.
“70 years?” Tony prompts, an amused glint in his eyes. “Or two? How do you quantify the time frozen?”
The flip side is Steve is reluctant to initiate contact. He wants to—a person doesn’t have to be a particularly adept Steve-reader to know that. First, it was rudderless in a new century with a pile of changed social mores to learn. After that…well, it’s not something Steve has shared outside of the team, but even he hasn’t yet found the limits of his strength.
Steve blinks a few times, stunned. His expression relaxes. “Okay. Okay, Tony, you’re right. Thank you.”
There’s some kind of response. He strolls into Steve’s room and to the bathroom tucked in the back. Steve stands at the wide counter of the vanity, a pile of gauze, bandages, and anti-septic in front of him. He’s still in his uniform’s undershirt, but everything else has been stripped or swapped for sweatpants. There’s a slash of dark across Steve’s back, the blast burned deep.
“South-facing light,” Tony shoots back and with satisfaction, sees the surprise on Steve’s face. “What, you think I don’t know enough about art?”
“Kirby was compact.”
“What you meant,” Steve interrupts, not unkindly, “was you expected me to be uncomfortable with my body, nudity, and sex because I’m from the 1940s.”
joke?”
“No? That’s not what love is?”
“What are you working on?”
They finish the lesson series, and soon enough, the press finds out about it.
“Huh. Shame. We could have really made a buck betting on you.”
“JARVIS?” Steve calls as he walks into the kitchen, tossing aside his button-up shirt in favor of wearing just a t-shirt and jeans while he cooks.
GC: I’m here for some information about my grandmother. Family project. And this is a nice office.
If you’d told Tony Stark four years ago—hell, even three—that he’d end up with tenants who were also colleagues and who were also, somehow, inexplicably becoming family, he’d have laughed in your face. A team of superheroes in Manhattan, sure. Living in Stark Tower? Why the fuck not. Also, aliens, mind-control glow-y stone, Norse gods are real
Tony watches him fall and thinks about frozen cliffs and ghostly train whistles.
“Told you I’d bring in the big guns,” Tony says, clapping Steve’s shoulder. “This is Steve. Steve, meet Lou and his team.”
“Soon as you put on a pair of hiking boots,” Nat says. “Your go-go boots aren’t going to cut it this time around.”
Tony feels the suggestive curl in his grin and knows it’s a risk, but it’s all worth it for the way Steve’s eyes flash in return.
. Do you understand me?”
Steve clears his throat to cover a laugh, faintly pink. “Well,” he says in a normal voice as he steps back. “It’ll be interesting to see the results.”
“You do realize you’re quoting a movie set six years before I was born, right.”
“Sorry?” Steve asks.
“Careful, Steve. I have a reputation.”
“I’m serious, Cap,” Tony says, even as another part of him advises that this is a pretty terrible idea. “No strings, no pop culture joke. Just two guys celebrating a win.”
Steve swallows, thinking uncomfortably of the heavy box tucked under his socks. He’d only done what he thought was right. It felt odd to be recognized for that.
“I’m sorry, Tony, it was just so
“Got a plan out of this?” Steve asks.
“JARVIS give me away?”
Steve blinks, then glances over at Tony, who’s still sulking. “Roles?”
“You’re hard to look away from,” Steve replies, matter-of-fact.
." I suppose it works out, since July 4th is apparently Steve's birthday, but I'm deeply skeptical that man is not a fire sign.
“Wait,” says Steve, staring at Peter. “How old—”
Except now they’re at the Tower and both definitely not fit for polite company. Steve’s shirt is half-open, his bowtie loose around his neck, and okay, yeah, maybe there’s a bite mark on his collarbone, so sue Tony for indulging a little when super soldier serum will wipe that right away in a few hours.
“Don’t worry, Cap,” Tony says, straightening up and retreating. “We’ll play another time.”
“An impressive notch for your bedpost?”
GC: Oh, that’s. Wow.
After they'd both learned to skirt their egos (mostly), it seemed absurd they
“Historically,” Steve says, a curl of laughter dropping his voice low again, “neither am I.”
“Oh, no, you’re on your own now. Got enough of my own emotional trauma to deal with.”
“There you all are,” Clint says when Tony and Steve step onto shared floor. “We got back too late for the call, but that was nearly an hour ago and—what the hell?” He blinks a few times. “Nat, I thought you said I didn’t have a concussion.”
“Right,” Steve says, too surprised to do anything but agree. “You know, I met him once. Ralph Branca.”
“Been reading the gossip rags, Rogers?” Tony tsks.
“Not all of it. I don’t think,” Steve replies, pulling Tony in. “Maybe less for people whose partners don’t go galavanting about in armored suits they haven’t fully debugged.”
“Do me a favor,” Tony says, instead of answering.
“Oh, just wait,” Loki replies with one of his manic grins. “Very soon you will see what chaos I have brought you to test your loyalties to one another. You scrape and serve these humans as if they are worthy instead of the weak-minded, pathetic creatures they actually are.”
GC: That sounds like technical talk.
“He did,” Steve allows. “But I’m not here under orders.”
GC: You sure you want to open this can of worms, Tony?
The music kicks on again and Tony dances towards Steve in his best impression of Courteney Cox, pulled from the crowd by a rockstar. He can only just hear Steve’s burst of laughter over the music. Steve’s posture relaxes and he jumps back in, matching Tony step for step.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake,” Steve snaps and grabs Tony, swooping him in a low dip and kissing him.
[footsteps fading, key turning in lock]
“So,” Tony says into the relative silence. “You were
Steve leans closer and for a wild moment, Tony thinks Steve is about to kiss him through the net. But he catches the mischief in Steve’s expression. Steve grabs the volleyball from him.
“What fruit is on your island.”
Tony splutters.
is classic.”
“I don’t make the rules.”
Steve nods, his mouth set. “I’ll have to take your word for it.”
“Gotta learn sometime. You think Pepper isn’t going to make you take a spin on the dance floor once you’re a regular fixture at the charity events?”
It’s going well at first. They work together like an actual team, Steve calling out orders and flexing his improvisational skills. They take down whatever creatures Loki has recruited—created? summoned? They’re vaguely animal shaped and give off a distinctively demonic vibe. Steve picks off the last one, and that’s when Loki splits into several, a half-ring surrounding them.
“I’m very funny,” he deadpans.
“What the fuck,” hisses Tony. “What the fuck, what the fuck,
“Oh,” Steve says.
Steve makes a sound in the back of his throat that sounds suspiciously like a purr and Tony can’t get enough air in his lungs. Then Steve is kissing him, firm but not pushing. Making his stance known. Like how Steve covers his back in battle, Tony thinks. Or how he convinces them all to order Thai takeout for the third day in a row.
Steve kisses Tony’s chin, his fluttering pulse point, buries his face at the base of Tony’s throat. He stays there, evening out his breathing while Tony twists his fingers in Steve’s hair, filing away which touches make that whisper of a shiver run down Steve’s back.
“Steve, this is the opposite of a problem.”
“Sure,” Nat says. “Could practically hear him thinking
Steve blinks. “Oh. I guess I haven’t said it before.”
It’s only a handful of seconds before the first of the fastenings on Steve’s uniform are undone and there’s more of that glorious throat Tony has very recently started to fantasize about licking. Tony presses his nose into the hollow of Steve’s throat and takes great joy in how Steve shivers at the scrape of his beard.
TS: Pretty sure you’re the one holding the can opener.
“In fairness, neither did I until the spies made a few snide remarks. Although it was mentioned I tend to stare at theirs, too. What? Don’t give me that look; I’m admiring peak specimens of the human superhero/Asgardian form. It’s like art.”
He crosses the room to an old set of drawers he’s never used much. His predecessor left a taser there in the top drawer, with a sticky note:
“You’re telling me,” Steve replies dryly. “Ran into Loki.”
“You’re talking to a poor kid from Brooklyn,” Steve says, but he’s smiling. “Chasing was all I did.”
“Thanks.” Steve retrieves a clean t-shirt and pulls it on, wincing a little. “Never hurts any less.”
“Fury mentioned that. He also mentioned Howard worked on replacing Erskine’s serum for the rest of his life. I have my doubts about his intentions.” Rogers pauses, studying Tony. “Is that what you wanted to hear?”
Steve nods. “Maybe. I hope so.”
“Oh, come on, take a break Captain Workaholic,” Tony exclaims, poking Steve in the chest. “You know, the world won’t end just because you don’t know the catalyst for the Vietnam War—yeah, I poked around your bookshelf last week, don’t look so surprised. Listen,
Tony blinks at their retreating backs. “You ever wonder how much shit we’d be in without Romanov on our side?”
“Good.”
“Dude.” Clint holds up his hand for a high-five. Bruce takes it. “Nice.”
“By stalking him.”
About halfway through the movie, when their plates have been cleared away, Steve slides off the couch as if it’s an afterthought and presses open Tony’s knees.
Steve forces a brief smile. He looks away, like the sun’s reflecting off Tony’s armor.
“I think I know a private spot. Need a lift?”
“I think we’re ending early tonight.”
“Slowing down?” Steve murmurs.
JARVIS: Sir, your calendar does indeed indicate an appointment with Mr. Carter.
Steve hated it. When someone recognizes him, Steve feels the bond salesman return, the one who didn’t know what the hell he was talking about. He thinks about the men whose names only he seems to remember, the ones who died in the fields, the trenches, the woods, the barns, the blown-out towns…
Steve wants to retreat again, pull Captain America down like a mask and empty out everything that is Steve Rogers. He’s too full sometimes, two lifetimes lived already and another in progress. How many versions of him will there be before one sticks for good?
TONY STARK: [quietly] shit. [louder] Yeah? What do you want?
“I was not,” Steve replies mildly. “Catch more flies with honey jars.”
They’d found a mostly empty restaurant that let Steve use their bathroom while Tony ordered the pink and purple milkshake monstrosity they were running as a special. He noted how one server nearly collided with a wall when Steve walked out wearing the shorts, folding up his sweatpants.
“Jesus, Steve,” Tony gasps. “Do you have any idea—I want to keep you in bed for a week and just see how many different sounds you make when I’m touching you. Where I’m touching you.” He cups the back of Steve’s neck and his smirk sends a shiver through Steve. “What I’m touching you with.”
Steve remembers the baseball game on the radio, the
Steve’s fingers are desperate in their movements over Tony’s armor. He is also, Tony realizes, muttering curses under his breath.
“And that bothers you.”
He likes the classic Nintendo side-scrollers and puzzle games. The first-person shooters were, predictably, not a hit. But what Tony doesn’t expect is how much Steve loves an open-world game. He thinks Steve would play for hours if he let go of his own self-imposed strict schedule once in a while. There’s a soft expression of wonder he only wears when exploring an open-world. It makes the war and years locked away under ice vanish and nearly removes Tony’s urge to smother Steve with a pillow when he talks to every. single. person. in a village before leaving.
“Don’t worry about it, kid,” Howard had replied. “Share anything about this little side trip, I’m sure to be locked up for my own good.”)
Tony doesn’t know what to say. The Howard he knew never expressed this kind of doubt about his work, never talked about Steve as anything other than unwaveringly heroic. It’s probably part of what made it difficult for Tony to first see past the ridiculous spangly outfit and set jaw to the man underneath: startlingly young and out of his depth in a new time, but who’d decided the only thing to do was pick his shield back up and keep fighting for the little guy. Nothing left to lose.
The business trip had been an unmitigated disaster, even with his history, and Tony had barely enough spare critical thinking to hail a taxi and get himself back to the Tower. Most of the team is elsewhere, he knows, so it shouldn’t be much trouble to get something to eat and retreat to bed with just Steve around. Awkward first meeting aside, Steve was laser-sharp at reading social cues unless you were injured or had probably just invented something that might be A Very Big Problem If It Got Loose. Not that Tony had a lot of experience with the latter. Maybe once, three times, tops.
“Yeah, well, you skipped that bit,” Tony replies with a dismissive wave. “I was a real self-involved asshole before the whole make-an-arc-reactor-in-a-cave thing. And after. Okay, I still am.”
“What
“No,” Bruce says slowly, smiling. “I meant falling in with Tony Stark.”
When Tony wakes up, disoriented, he thinks JARVIS has let Steve into the workshop anyway. There’s someone standing in front of his corkboard brainstorming session, arms folded over his chest. He turns when Tony sits up, and Tony sees it’s Clint. Not Steve.
“Wasn’t allowed to ask,” Steve replied with a wry smile. “Not after I said I didn’t think she should trust him.”
She nods. “No weapons, no quinjet. We’ll take your motorcycle.”
It’s a beautiful shot, Iron Man and Captain America framed in the center, the colors of their uniforms complementing each other. Whoever it was had been close enough to get the expression on Steve’s face. He’s laughing at something Tony said, the wind sweeping his hair back. With the faceplate down, there’s no way to see Tony’s face, but the helmet is turned toward Steve, tilted slightly as if whispering a joke to him. Tony has been caught in various states of undress or rock bottom by the paparazzi since he was a teenager, but the intimacy of this shot shocks him.
“What’s with you?” Tony demands, getting up and following him.
“Let me worry about that, Cap. My photograph.”
“William Gibson?” Tony repeats. “You’re reading
“Maybe,” Tony replies with a shrug. “Hardly would have been the first person assigned female at birth to live as a man, much less enlist.” At Steve’s blank look, he elaborates. “Deborah Sampson, for one. Revolutionary War. There were others. People like to pretend gender fluidity or gender outside the binary of man/woman is a new thing when it’s old news—ancient news, in fact. Now, well, it’s hard to talk about those folks because we spent so much time refusing to make room for language that acknowledged their lived experience. Who knows what they might have told us, given the chance.”
Four things happen at once: the door crashes in, followed by a canister of tear gas; Tony snatches up his bag; and Carter hauls Tony further into the safe house. He’s too busy shielding his face to argue with Carter manhandling him. Carter shoulders open the door Tony swears was locked and pushes Tony inside.
“If you’re anything like me, just the thought of paperwork gives you hives. Probably why I’m kept on as a consultant with no bureaucratic influence or responsibilities.”
“Have you seen it?” She continues. “I hear it’s around here somewhere. Big-ass defensive shield in the way, though.”
“Is that what we are?”
“Ah. Well, only the finest in tabloid journalism graces these walls.”
Steve laughs without turning around. “Hard to argue with a game where you can’t be wrong.”
“Doesn’t seem to be any of the others’ styl—are you going to let me see it, Tony?”
“Well, dating’s changed a lot since I tried my hand at it, but sure seems like gifts, compliments, and an invitation to walk around a festival check the right boxes. What do you say, Tony? My shift’s done.”
“You know,” Steve says casually, as if Tony can’t smell the sweat and faint cling of early summer mornings in the city on his skin. “If you’d like to go on a date, you can just ask me out like a normal person.”
Tony would cover and then glide away to the workshop.
Tony scoffs. “Ye of little faith.”
“Pierto’s up to something,” Tony mutters into Steve’s back. “It’s a matter of island security.”
They’re well into Day 4 when Steve makes a routine check that Tony has a) eaten, b) drank enough water, and c) not gotten half-stuck in a glowing portal that goes God-knows-where again.
“I take it these two have briefed you on the situation?”
“You don’t know, do you.”
It is, he realizes, both frustratingly simple and extremely terrifying.
“Shooting fish in a barrel is just an expression, Cap.”
“We don’t know the effects of Howard staying in the future this long,” Steve says in that responsible Captain America voice. “Every day we spend not working on a solution has risks we can’t even know until it’s too late to fix them.”
“Let’s go,” Steve says, getting to his feet.
An alert cuts off the rest of Tony’s sentence and they both jump.
Inside, they check in at a card table where the volunteer—a woman in her late 20s with lipstick Peggy would’ve loved—almost succeeds in hiding her surprised recognition.
“Hmm,” Steve says. “Is this why you tried to talk me into watching that show about the ad agency?”
“I have a thing for longshots,” Tony had said once, meaning maybe Steve would be back.
“And why do we need to know that?” Nat asks, her attempt at innocent a little too performative to be believable.
Now, there are loud arguments over whose turn it is to pick the movie (Clint’s) or who ate Clint’s Thai leftovers (Thor, though Steve had his Extra Innocent American Hero face on). Last week, Tony went upstairs for a late lunch to find Nat perched on the back of the sofa and watching the TV with the same assessing stare she reserved for targets. On the screen, an animated raccoon congratulated her on paying off her loan.
“You asking me to go steady?” Steve murmurs, the half-smirk audible in his voice turning the ‘go steady’ into a joke.
Tony props his chin up on a hand. “Depends. Hypothetically-speaking, how would you feel if I’d signed you up to pose for an Avengers-themed calendar that benefited charity? Without any clothes on. You, I mean, posing.”
“Tony.”
“Now who’s bullshitting who.”
“Shit, Steve. Why didn’t you say anything?” Tony starts forward, then stops when Steve takes a step back.
Steve blinks at him. He’d been reading, nerves about tomorrow’s Time Heist keeping him awake, when there’d been a knock at his door. Tony on the other side, question some continuation of an earlier conversation wrapped up hours ago but he’d chewed on since then. It’s so much like how everything used to be, Steve’s chest aches for a moment.
In which Howard is not oblivious.
“Well.” He clears his throat. “Say it.”
Tony glares and Steve glares back, his jaw clenched. There’s no winning an argument with him, not in this mood.
will arrive at the door, a photo of him with his hair slicked back like it's 2008 splashed across the back cover.
Tony half-expects Steve to avoid the workshop the next day, but he’s there a few minutes before Howard’s scheduled arrival. Tony gets a curt nod. He clenches his jaw under his smile when Steve greets Howard with a few words and Howard says something to make him laugh.
Tony had nothing to do with this and any footage JARVIS might have saying otherwise is stashed away behind a firewall and three security codes, hidden on a drive labeled risotto.
out of
“Move in. Take them down,” he says, and the fight’s over.
“Oh. That’s it.” Tony sits up. “On your back, Rogers. I’m running this show.”
“I can see the headlines now,” Clint announces, sweeping a hand through the air. “Rogers and Stark purchase a house together, commit to avenging full time. Rogers and Stark platonically married: how the two best friends decided to pool their resources for a brighter tomorrow. Rogers and Stark: no homo.”
“Steve. One of the members of that hacker cell we took down last month thanked you.”
“Basic first aid training was kind of part of the job,” Steve says. “I had the neatest sutures of the Commandos.”
“Well, duh,” Clint says. “We know he likes to watch his handiwork from somewhere nearby. With Steve like this, Loki’s probably going to target him. Her?” He glances at Steve.
His blue windflowers, which he feels no small measure of pride over cross-pollinating successfully after weeks of planting and watering, have changed. Most of them are still blue. The rest have kept their blue centers but the base of the petals are red, then white at the top, forming rings not unlike...
“I don’t think that’s listed.” Steve’s closer now, his eyelashes swept low. “Officially.”
“It’s kiwi fruit, Steve. You can’t walk into a juice bar without tripping over one.” A pause. “You’ve never been to a juice bar, have you. Unbelievable. What the hell was SHIELD doing with you before Fury threw us all together and hoped we wouldn’t kill each other?”
“Erskine was a German in the 40s. He died within minutes of seeing the results.” Steve pauses, letting his grief breathe. “People seemed to be most comfortable forgetting him.”
give in response, because Steve has only leaned back to brace himself against the counter. Tony shivers when Steve’s hands grip his ass, hitch him closer. Then his mouth is on Tony’s again, his teeth catching Tony’s lip, a reminder of the sharp edges Steve keeps carefully hidden. Tony wants to clutch at Steve’s collar, his shoulders, touch until the mask falls away and he can see those parts of Steve that are warm and complicated.
That was a longshot anyway. Tony raises an eyebrow at Howard, stalling.
Steve strides towards the elevator with extreme purpose, Tony trotting along behind. Then they’re in the elevator and oops, Steve’s pants are open, how’d that happen, except Tony can’t ask, not with Steve kissing him open-mouthed and with an utter lack of finesse that means Tony has successfully short-circuited his tactical brain.
“What’s with you? It’s not like I haven’t done this before.”
“Is that what’s in his file?”
Tony waves a hand. “Let’s not, okay, Steve? Fury ordered you to babysit me.”
“Stark,” Fury calls and waves him over.
“And?”
“You want to explain what that was about?” Steve asks.
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
When he’s alone in the Tower, though, Steve doesn’t mind it. Tony has an excellent sound system he taught Steve how to use, and there’s
“Bucky?”
“Figured you’d be more of a hot tub man,” Steve says dryly from the other side. “Given your reputation for entertaining.”
“Exciting morning?” Tony asks, not looking up from his tablet. He hasn’t shaved yet or even brushed his hair, looks like, and Steve feels a swell of affection. It’s doused quickly by an equally strong spike of fear—what if this is part of the spell?
“Uh,” Clint says and shoots a glance over to Nat. “About that…”
“In the Arctic. A few miles from the North Pole, and under a lot of ice,” Steve’s voice says from behind Tony. He tugs his shield from the wall, brushing away the dust and plaster. “Or so they tell me.”
“What doesn’t?”
I am, for the most part, focused on keeping this lighthearted because there is such joy in exploring gender, even if the world is sometimes terrible about it. The world being terrible makes it all the important, imo, to hold that space for joy. That moment when you put on something and it feels right? A partner who validates you, no matter what? That’s what we need.
“Shame you missed our tactical meeting about it,” Nat says. “I ran a few options for day-of by Steve before we settled on one.”
“I’d sure like to know what can slice through your uniform shell like this.” He frowns. “I’ll get some scissors.”
“Is there a 20th century connection between puns and bad sales pitches I’m missing?”
“You bet.”
“Occupational hazard,” Steve murmurs. “America’s shield.”
“They’re not conspiracy theories,” Carter replies, pulling a bookcase down over the desk and chairs he’s already shoved against the door. There’s banging from the other side, yelling Tony can’t quite make out.
“For fresh air and sunshine,” Steve confirms.
How is it that loving someone who never gives up can feel so hopeless, like a wound that will never close over? Tony wonders, half-delirious with pain and lying heavy in the wreck of the Avengers Compound.
“Seriously, every time,” Tony grumbles to himself. “Goddamn film poster.”
“You’ll want to see this, Stark,” Nat says and tosses the tabloid in front of Steve.
“To hell with this,” Tony says, and fires a wide arc of repulsor beams through all remaining Lokis, scanning to find the one that crashes backwards instead of vanishing.
Tony’s computer pings and Tony is back in the workshop immediately after. He scrolls through the rows of calculations and the results JARVIS has pulled up on screen.
“Yes, thank you,” Steve agrees promptly. Then: “why? No one knew it was me.”
“There hasn’t exactly been time—”
He’s agreed to play the video games Tony recommends, potentially just to humor him. Tony doesn’t care because this means he’s won and can add another little tick mark on his side of the mental scoreboard. Even if Steve insists he’ll play
“Got a mission for you.”
“Welcome to the future,” Tony replies. “Jesus, they really squeezed you into this thing.”
“Steve?” Tony asks, suddenly worried he’s pushed too far.
There’s a small theater setup for reel-to-reel and after watching him fumble with the projector for several long minutes, Steve bumps Tony aside to do it himself.
face. He folds his arms and leans back against a table.
He loses them a few blocks from the Tower and sneaks through the residential entrance.
“I know I didn’t own this many knives before Barton and Romanov moved in.”
“Good,” Steve says with a tight nod. “That will keep you uneaten."
“I’ll tell you after you’ve slept at least eight hours,” Steve assures him as he walks into Tony’s bedroom.
“Yeah. I am.”
“Uh, yeah. I just…I remembered what you said and thought.” Tony waves his hands in vague gesture. “You know. I should see what…your workshop looks like.” He clears his throat again. “Looks like I got the time wrong.”
“Okay,” Steve interrupts. “New plan. We’ll need to brief Clint, Natasha, and Bruce when they return. Can we get Bruce to take a look at that scroll?”
“You. You’re moving in, Backstreet Boy.”
Steve is laughing before he has a chance to think about it. “Steve,” he says, holding out his hand. “Afraid I don’t have an answer.”
Tony is stuck in this workshop making a new uniform for the person he's trying not to think too much about: Steve Rogers, plucked out of time, who burrowed deep into Tony's heart and made his home there.
“I think Thor was hurt you didn’t share his sadness over Bam leaving his island.”
Tony leads him through the steps they’ve been practicing, then Steve finds himself in a spin. It’s easy as anything, Tony’s fingers curled into his palm, and the tension in Steve’s chest loosens.
He doesn’t know when it happens because Steve Rogers is a stealthy bastard but one day, Tony spots a change to his Outlandish Tabloids Hall of Fame. One of the meaner ones is gone, replaced by a framed ink drawing of Tony bent over a table, clearly working on building the Iron Man suit. It’s stylized to look like a comic book cover.
TS: I think you’re a little young for me, soldier, but I appreciate the can-do attitude.
“O brave new world that has such people in it,” Tony quips.
The Steve Howard knew in ’45 knew how to fight, but he didn’t know how to ask for what he wanted. This Steve does. Howard didn’t expect he’d be relieved by this knowledge.
Tony tilts his head evaluating. “Jury’s out. Thor was an unexpected variable.”
He lets Tony sulk and hide for five hours, calculating that after that amount of time, Tony will be 1) hungry, 2) in need of coffee, and 3) through his loudest rotations of Black Sabbath, AC/DC, and Metallica. If he’s lucky, by the time Steve gets downstairs with a sandwich and cup of coffee, it’ll be Pink Floyd blasting.
Steve grabs his shield and keys and follows, not sure he’s ever felt this goddamn relieved.
“They have, Director. Although I haven’t been formally introduced to your agent here.”
That gets a chuckle from Steve. “Mind if I ask why? Doesn’t seem like the most comforting thing to have in your home.”
“I’ve loved you for so long, too,” Tony will tell him only when they’re both on the edge of sleep. “Wasn’t much of a home before you came in, dripping salt water and ice everywhere.”
, Rogers? Skywriting?”
“I only had enough for this spell,” Loki snaps back. “We can't all be bankrolled by billionaires.”
This is how Tony knows Steve hasn’t been by in five days the next time he walks in.
“Want me to say it again? Or should I make a grand gesture?” Steve’s tone is teasing.
Well, Tony thinks, I did say I wanted to punch him in his perfect teeth.
Steve means to laugh but it catches funny in his throat and he pushes himself backwards, pressing his face into Tony’s stomach to hide it. Tony shivers beneath him, his fingers in Steve’s hair.
“If it doesn’t affect the missions, it’s not my business.”
“You’re missing a present,” Nat says. “Ten o’clock.”
“Yeah?”
“Of course,” Steve says. “But what does that—”
“You never mentioned it, so I thought you didn’t anymore. After the whole thing with the outlandish tabloids—don’t look so surprised; I found where you tried to hide your initials—anyway, I started looking through the boxes in the vault. Meant you to find this later,” Tony explains. “After we do the whole team-bonding-when-not-part-of-the-team thing—”
“I know.”
“All right, but if you don’t take it easy on that arm, I’m ordering JARVIS to lock you out of the workshop.”
Fury’s eyes flicker to Tony too quick for Howard to notice. He mutters something even Steve can barely hear, a sentence with
Over the course of the next few months, each tabloid cover is replaced with a similar drawing. Tony never catches Steve making the trades. There’s no pattern he can detect. JARVIS, the traitor, apologizes for not having the footage of the front hall saved.
Steve loosens his hold, but doesn't drop his hands. Tony leans back far enough to lift the faceplate.
“Okay, first, it is very adorable of you to try and understand how corporations work in the 21st century and their fucked-up ties to the personal lives of the CEOs and other high-ranking leaders within the company. Also if you keep pouting like that, I will have to develop a series of pet names for you and perhaps drag you into my bedroom to fool around until SHIELD gets here.” Tony takes a step backwards. “Whoa, down, Steve.”
“Boss? I’m taking off now,” Happy calls through the closed door.
Steve's chest feels tight, but he doesn't know why.
“Tell me I’m wrong, Steve,” Tony demands.
“It's a gift. Well?” Tony lifts an eyebrow. “Speaking of. You have a birthday coming up, right?”
Steve chuckles against Tony’s neck. “I decide who to trust, and I have. I’m afraid you’ll just have to deal with it, Tony.”
Tony wonders for a moment if he’s crashed in the suit and is dreaming this. “What,” he hears himself say.
Nat looks back to where Tony and Steve are standing frozen in the doorway. She presses her lips together tightly and widens her eyes. Behind him, Steve chokes on a snort of laughter.
Tony chokes. “Jesus, Cap. You know, they left how dramatic you are out of the newsreels and retrospectives.”
“You need to sleep,” Steve tells him, striding for the door. “For a full night. Without making government surveillance files for the villagers on your island. Who are fictional.”
“Good pitch,” he says, ignoring how breathy his voice is. “I accept. Perhaps we can go over terms in my private office?”
Tony hides a smile and crosses to Bruce and Nat.
“This is routine. Alarm goes off, we take out bad guys, done.”
The Tower is dark on their return. Everyone, Tony remembers, is somewhere else tonight. They settle in the kitchen, Steve getting them both a beer. Neither of them move to turn on the overhead lights, instead sitting in the dim soft light over the sink. It’s like being in the art center again: a vignette, just the two of them. Maybe that’s why Tony pushes.
“Well, I’ve taught you something at least.” Tony drops onto the sofa next to him.
“Hilarious.”
“You forget I went to art school,” Steve replies. “Sleep, Tony.”
Steve stares hard at Tony, his expression carefully neutral. “Either way, I lose something I’m not willing to give up.”
“Steve wouldn’t—”
“So, what? Enemy of my enemy is my friend?”
of Grant Carter.
Tony’s back is to the door, but Steve watches his shoulders tighten. The music drops to a level they can talk over. Most likely JARVIS’s doing.
“Really?”
“Problem?” Tony asks and bites Steve’s collarbone.
“Maybe I could get one of those—what did Clint call them? Flash mobs? That are so popular.”
“Of course,” Steve continues with a smirk. “We’ll first have to be acknowledged as involved by the tabloids.”
“Of course it bothers me. It’s like I’m seeing a Mirrorverse version of Howard Stark
Tony thinks.
has a bad case of pathological altruism.”
“I also frequently make poor decisions.” Tony watches his fingers slip up under Steve’s shirt, find the raised scars from where Barnes tried to kill him. Something delicious happens to Steve’s breath, his grip on Tony’s bicep squeezing. “Lack of impulse control. It’s in my file.”
Two days later, Tony has an email from Maria Hill, subject line,
“What about after? I hear the Swiss Alps are beautiful.”
“You know.” Tony shrugs, sliding his hands in his pockets. “The we-might-die-in-the-morning one last hurrah.”
? Don’t you fucking dare ruin this moment with a bunch of strangers who—“
Steve, post truly spectacular sex, shuffles to the edge of the bed, stands, and takes two steps before becoming better acquainted with the floor. Tony sits up, surprised and—if he’s really honest—deeply amused, staring at Steve’s sprawled form in the dim room.
Steve laughs.
—that happens, then we’ll talk about you taking a time-out.”
TS: All right, fine. Lead the way. JARVIS, you know what to do. Bad Wolf Protocol.
“Yep.”
Howard points at Tony. “The agent without a last name who doesn’t know Winston Churchill’s full name will be working on the technology to send me back through time.”
“Most things are. Listen,” Tony pushes him out to arm’s length. “If we’re doing friendship, I’m not working down here with Captain America. Go put some civvies on. Only Steve Rogers is allowed down here.”
“Did I,” Nat muses, a glint in her eyes.
“What were you trying to build, Tony? Before it blew up?”
“No.” Steve hesitates. “We should find a place for Bucky. Temporarily—not the compound,” he says as he opens the door.
Steve gives a deep, heaving sigh. “Not a word, Tony.”
Tony’s sprawled out on the couch, watching a movie when Steve gets back. On the screen, a teenager plays what Steve recognizes as
Steve gets up. Steve always gets up.
UNIDENTIFIED VOICE 1: Are you Mr. Stark?
Tony opens his mouth, about to ask just what the hell happened that’s got Steve so rattled.
“You’re more reliable than you think.”
“You like me.”
“I’m sorry,” Nat says. “I was under the impression I worked with adults.”
“Sure,” Tony says, surprise wiping away all his best snippy retorts.
“I look forward to reading your proposal.”
Clint Barton having a higher emotional intelligence than Tony Stark isn’t something the world is ready for.
Steve’s smile is more smirk, the one that means he’s about to say something dry and much funnier than America's Sweetheart Super Soldier ever has the right to be. Tony thinks Steve's wit is kind of his best feature. Outside of his physical features, he supposes, as others might argue, but Tony thinks they shouldn’t be included in this kind of question since Erskine's serum/unfair advantage/etc etc. The dry humor is all Steve.
“Tony,” Steve says again, softer around the edges. “I’d really like it if you would join me.”
“Are you—how do you feel?” Tony asks. “Any, uh. Discomfort?”
Steve lifts one of his I-told-you-so eyebrows at Nat, who grins.
“No choice, pal.”
“It’s three inches into the ground and deflated, big guy,” Clint says from around a whistle, perched in a crouch at the top of a referee stand. “Need the volleyball in ball shape to play.”
“I’m sure it’s nothing.”
Howard shrugs a shoulder, looking back down at the calculations he has written out in front of him.
Steve hovers, uncertain of his place. It’s disorienting, like being on the helicarrier and desperately pleased to have caught Fury’s
“It really is beautiful up here,” Nat says after Steve’s breathing has returned to normal.
“Yep?” Tony blinks over at him. “You’ve got the day off, Steve. You want to spend it around here?”
This morning, the world is off-balance. Steve draws breaths as deep as his lungs will allow and pulls on his running clothes. He glances at himself in the mirror, feeling that same ripple of surprise he carried for months after Rebirth. This time, Steve knows it’ll be easier if he gets used to the differences, even if the observation that he looks a bit like Peggy these days is knife-sharp. If Peggy were blonde, short-haired, and had shoulders a slightly broader, anyway. His muscles sit differently, but he's still got the serum in his blood.
Ger studies Tony for a long moment, then looks around him to Steve. “I’m sorry, I’ve never really been in this kind of situation before. Is it politest to pretend I don’t know who you are or not?”
“No,” Steve says. “I’ve been taking a drawing class. Sam’s idea.”
“Well.” Tony swallows. “Until it’s a problem that needs solving, no use crying over…crushed butterflies.”
“Oh. Thank you?”
Tony grins. “Our team.”
Steve nods. “I loved Peggy. Still do.”
“This isn’t over,” Tony replies primly and goes to fulfill his host and auctioneer duties.
who I’m worried about?”
No, Steve realizes with a jolt, his stance. The creep is yelling at him.
he wants to say,
“Ah.” Steve rolls this around in his head for a moment. “Not relieved,” he says slowly. “I guess I never thought it was that important. Half of what was printed about me during the war wasn’t true. I knew what was, and that seemed enough.”
In peace there's nothing so becomes a man
Steve laughs in disbelief.
“You’re brilliant, you know?” Steve pauses. “The way you think—you see something the rest of us can’t. We have to go on faith.”
“Drown in a pile of papers in your office, I expect. Or forget to eat,” Pepper replies. She glances over her shoulder, then pins Tony with a look. “Tony, what’s going on? Who are these people? You know something, and you’re not telling me.”
Steve shrugs and reels Tony in for a kiss instead.
“Stupid, dropping your guard,” Steve mutters to himself, angry and embarrassed.
“Baby,” Tony grumbles and ignores the affection that has snuck into his voice.
“Yeah, Barton,” Tony agrees. “Shut up with your theoretical meditations.”
“We’ll make small talk about our favorite foods and childhoods,” Tony says. “Carefully avoid the topics of religion and politics until date two or three.”
“This is the part where you’re supposed to be scandalized.”
“Do I want people to know?” Steve asks, lifting his eyebrows.
“Sorry, what?”
Steve is very still. His eyes are on the pencils, drafting paper, and sketchbooks in the box.
“Huh,” Tony says. “Wouldn’t have guessed that.”
Steve dries his hands and puts one hand on Tony’s shoulder. He turns Tony around and firmly guides him to the elevator.
Thanks for reading! The next update will be Saturday, July 3rd.
“Don’t pout, sugarplum. This is what you wanted, right?”
“I’m glad you came, Tony,” Steve says, still grinning. “Stuff like this, it’s not usually people’s speed. You should have seen the guys’ faces when they found me sketching a field in France once.”
“You two seemed rather cozy.”
“LISTEN,” Clint yells, jumping to his feet. “Just find a non-public place to moon all over each other so I can troll the misogynistic assholes on Twitter without being distracted by you two being blissfully in love. It RUINS THE MOOD.”
Thor kicks him.
“Well? Are you coming or not?” she asks, lifting an eyebrow.
GC: Margaret Carter.
Steve tips his head back to look at Tony. “I like the puns,” he says.
BR: Can’t even build good help these days, huh?
GC: [awkwardly] I didn’t have a TV growing up.
. Not like you and me.”
Steve studies Tony’s face. “Thanks. Mushroom and asparagus risotto.”
“And I remember some unflattering things said about my blue windflowers.” Steve looks to the ceiling then slowly back down at Tony. “So. Now
“I want to win sometimes, you know,” Tony replies because Steve makes him spar without the suit. “You need to be able to fight without it,” Steve had insisted. “In case it goes down and you’re cut off from us.”
Tony figured he could pretend to go along with whatever S.H.I.E.L.D. was trying to manipulate them into just long enough to get the information he was after. He was planning how to get Bruce off the helicarrier without a Hulk incident when Steve barged into the lab and threw a S.H.I.E.L.D. prototype weapon down on the table.
Tony notes, but Steve’s shoulders have come down from his ears.
Bruce winces and nods. “Sorry about the floor.”
“That’s, uh…helpful,” Steve says, trading a look with Nat.
“Fury tells me your parents are no longer with us,” Rogers cuts in, tension in his jaw. “My condolences.”
Tony eyes him, and Steve realizes his joke might have come out sharper than intended. “Okay, well, you’re the one bringing it up at sparring practice.”
GC: All right, how about this: I wasn’t expecting the Usher Foundation’s Head Archivist to be so…
“I think that’s overstating things,” Steve replies, but does as requested.
“Come on,” he says, tugging Steve’s arm. “Happy’s at the front with your shorts.”
and—hey! What—I thought we agreed no submissions or other training techniques in bed.”
“What are you doing?”
He stomps out.
“Stay behind me,” Carter says, like Tony did not just make the very reasonable but-guns point. “I’ll…I can’t promise I’ll get you out. But I’ll try.”
Tony looks down at him with a grin and only then realizes how close they are.
Steve frowned. “You could’ve asked.”
“Uh, yeah,” Tony mumbles, rolling his neck and shoulders. “Feels like it’s all there.” He blinks up at Steve. “Help you with something, Cap?”
“Hey, Tony,” Steve greets, hoping he sounds normal and not like maybe he’s just realized his feelings for his teammate/his best friend(?) in the 21st century/his patron/a man who described himself as a playboy during an infinity-stone-induced quarrel are not quite as platonic as assumed.
“Well. I’m awfully good at it.”
“Oh, right, trading more war stories,” he says in a tone that is so neutral, it feels like a punch in the gut.
and Tony knew he was filing it all away.
“Suppose I did,” Tony agrees. “I’m not very good at being found.”
“I told you,” Tony says at Steve’s surprised look. “She’s crafty.” He pauses and takes out his phone, tapping it. “JARVIS, remind me to give Ms. Potts a raise.”
He goes through two reinforced punching bags, but the clawing in his chest is still there. Steve gives up, changing into his civilian clothes and shrugging into one of his leather jackets. He gets on his motorcycle and just goes, no direction in mind. There are some country highways he turns down, following switchbacks and sharp turns until its forest thick around him. He stops on a narrow dirt turn-off, opens his mouth, and lets everything he’s been feeling come spilling out.
but learned quick enough to keep up with Genius Billionaire Tony Stark and keep Loki's agents off their backs.
“Smithsonian has most of them.”
and associated rom-com terminology well enough to catch my references and yes-and me into a new conversation—Jess? Really?” Tony pauses, narrowing his eyes. “Are you making fun of me for claiming I have a dark side?”
Tony shrugs.
Tony shakes Daphne's offered hand. “Tony. The pleasure is all mine, Daphne.”
“Bruce is looking over your notes and what’s left of the tech. He thinks maybe your DNA got wrapped up in it somehow. The burn.”
“Rescue you from this pit? I should tell you, there is payment required.”
“It’s good for my ego,” Tony calls.
“I just didn’t know you were so. Draw me like one of your French girls.”
“What?” Steve asks between coughs. “I—
Tony squeezes Steve’s hand once before he steps back, out of reach. “Well. Let’s get this over with.”
Tony gives him a long look, all the while his heart thumping from the sounds of evil henchmen getting closer and the seaglass clarity of Carter’s gaze.
It is unnerving.
. “You been caught up in something like it? War, I mean.”
Steve’s morning runs wind through streets he doesn’t know, mapping out the city familiar and alien all at once. It helps him clear his head from whatever dreams clouded the night before and ground him more firmly in this new century. If he doesn’t rack up at least a half marathon each day, he gets restless and thinks too much.
Tony thinks. Rogers isn’t the man in the newsreels. That man was superficial, a symbol of the enduring status quo people needed at a time of upheaval and deep fear. That man would probably reminisce about the good old days or tradition or whatever fuck conservative talk radio is on about this week.
“Yeah, why?”
“No shit?”
“You’re good at this,” Steve says, surprised.
“Guess not.”
“I thought you were supposed to be distracting me.”
“Steve never got his Time’s Square victory kiss,” Tony protests.
“Tony,” Steve begins, a warning.
“Yeah. Thanks for tricking me out of the Tower.”
“I could ask you the same.”
They tell the team not long after. There’s no real label yet, but it’s clear they’re staggering towards something and Steve thinks transparency is best. Tony has taken just about every relationship approach out for a spin—secret, semi-secret, extremely public, one-sided courtship, rumored relationship, and everything in between and/or adjacent to—and decides to let Steve lead on this one.
“Steve?” he calls. Never a good idea to surprise him.
friend. Not Howard’s.”
Tony snorts.
“You’re not serious.”
anchor.
“Sometimes I like to root for Harry Burns.”
Tony looks up. Carter is staring at the shield, face blank.
“Yeah. Lead or follow.”
Tony smirks and drops his voice to be heard only by them. “I’ve taken your weight before, Rogers.”
“Is that the game we’re playing this morning.”
That’s when the front door crashes in, and everything really goes to hell.
It was a good point, Steve reflects, thinking back on the comment and watching Tony pace the length of his bedroom. Before the two of them got involved, Tony had remarked how lucky he was he and Pepper had managed--with a lot of work--to ease into close friends and business partners after it became clear their romantic relationship wasn't good for either of them. The end of that friendship seems a far more dangerous prospect.
“Barton and Romanov picked a hell of a time for their spy trip,” Tony gripes. “What’s plan B?”
“I’m sorry, what.”
slowly unspooling in his chest when he first opened his eyes in the 21st century.
“Aye,” Thor acknowledges, watching the game closely. “It seems a snail’s pace to your usual forms of virtual entertainment.”
Tony takes out his phone. First, he sends an email to Pepper with a heads-up of his plans—personal growth! he thinks—and indicating the PR department should be given generous bonuses by the end of the summer.
In the end, Tony Stark does what he’d always meant to do, even before that cave in Afghanistan: he saves the world.
Steve rolls his eyes. “He knows those were around in the 40s, right?”
The Iron Man suit surrounds him a few minutes later, Nat, Clint, and Thor on its heels. Nat throws Steve’s shield in a curving arc, Tony tumbling backwards into the air to give Steve cover when he darts up to pluck it from the sky.
“Hey, J?” Tony calls as he walks into the elevator. “Does Rogers have any guests this evening?”
“I never agreed to such a ridiculous proposition.”
Loki’s expression twitches. “I do not. Best of luck,” he says and is gone in a puff of green smoke.
“Nailed what?” Thor asks.
60 minutes a day and
A hand closes around Tony’s wrist and gently pins his arm back to the bed. Steve leans over him and kisses Tony.
“You know what,” Tony snaps. “It’s early.”
“Need something heavy moved?”
The trail curves and ends in an outlook.
“Okay, so what’s the issue, Cap?”
“Make it better,” Steve repeats, one eyebrow going up.
Nat lets Steve straighten back up and pats his cheek. “Keep standing your ground. Tony will figure it out.”
“Posing nude.”
“I’m sorry, what?”
In retrospect, Tony’s fairly certain he’s never undressed so quickly in his life.
Something’s not right, J. After Carter or whatever his name is left, I got to thinking. That statement I recorded from Captain Rogers mentioned an Agent Carter. I didn’t think to make the connection to Aunt Peggy; most of what she did during the war was still classified when she died. But that would’ve been about the time she was doing her most secretive work.
Tony thinks jealously.
“Don’t bullshit me, Rogers. You’ve argued with me too many times for that to hold water.”
Steve pulls Tony from the room and doesn’t fully release him until they’re several yards down the hallway.
“Thanks, pal,” Tony says and rolls over, falling asleep almost immediately.
“Yes, I’m afraid he’s always had a flair for the dramatic. Family trait,” Thor replies with a trace of a self-deprecating smile. “It is my understanding these experiences are not unlike Stark’s childhood. The expectation to rule, a distant father. Yet, he still keeps his own counsel at times.”
“Love’s not a finite source, kid. And there sure as hell are worse things in the world—my world—right now than a person who loves like you.”
“Compact and self-directed,” Steve corrects. “Took a lot of orders in my life, Tony. Still do. Not sure I want it here, too.”
Steve never cared much for the attention he got as a bonds salesman or later as a special operative. He’d gone to war because it was the right thing to do. He’d gone to find Tony in the low hours after Fury had flung trading cards splattered with Coulson’s blood at them, called the idea of uniting their abilities an “old-fashioned notion,” because that was the right thing to do, too.
“Thanks,” Steve says, downing half of his at once.
Steve hmms in acknowledgment and sits at the breakfast bar. He’s stripped down to the basics of his uniform, hair sticking up at random angles and a prominent set of creases on his face that suggest Steve fell into bed face-first and didn’t move for hours.
“And Brock?”
. “You?”
“God,” Tony mutters, looking at the live feed of Howard idly pacing the small room they’ve put him in. “Look at that tie. I can’t believe those were considered fashionable.”
“What does that even mean?”
“Better him than you.”
“Two,” Steve insists. “Or I’ll tie you to the bed.”
Steve stiffens a little, but does.
He steps forward and reaches for Steve, then hesitates. Howard’s gaze sweeps over Steve a few times, like he’s scanning him.
Steve rolls his shoulders, gaze unfocused as he takes stock of himself.
“Yeah. I hear you like that.”
“Aside from hurling your father back through time without accidentally wiping more than just a few photographs and defending the Earth?” Steve shrugs. “Free as a bird.”
He starts to raise his arm and wave, to signal he’s all right. Tony jolts when he realizes Steve has already crossed half the distance at a run. He’s not being particularly nimble, shouldering rubble aside and racking up barely-missed connections of his face and the ground.
Tony jumps. Daphne smiles pleasantly.
“The secret is to start looking at what can make you the most bells the fastest, right? Well, it’s not the stalk market; that’s a waste of time and there's no logic to it. But if you start building up a supply of fruit from your island and travel to others’ islands with your tools and—hey! What—are you doing. Aren’t you
“You forgot philanthropist!” Tony yells after him. “And superhero!”
“You’re a billionaire,” Steve replies, unconcerned, and topples Tony backwards into the bed. “Buy a new one.”
“You shouldn’t be trying to after it’s back in the socket, anyway,” Tony snaps back. “The serum isn’t that good.”
Tony rolls over. He kisses Steve lightly on the back of his neck, his shoulders. Steve stirs beneath him, awake nearly as quickly as he falls asleep.
Two chapters for this update with lots of Steve and Tony talking like grown-ups! Hooray!
GC: Another time, maybe. Good afternoon, Tony.
“Is it?”
“Fine, lead on. But any wrong moves—I’ll taze you.”
They partner up, rotate after a few steps with each person, and Steve finds that dance chemistry varies quite a lot. Some of the leads he understands immediately. Others don’t signal a move and look frustrated when he doesn’t follow. Not too unlike learning to fight together, Steve notes wryly.
“I’m almost positive Bruce is the one who put the game on the Tower Switch in the first place.”
. Get up.”
Steve very firmly tells himself he will not blush. The triumphant smile on Tony’s face suggests he is not wholly successful.
There will be more engagement with gender, sex assigned at birth, gender fluidity, and so on once the fic gets going. The first chapter is primarily setup. I have OCs of various gender identities in future chapters to give this narrative more complexity re: gender identity and what it looks like for individuals. The purpose here is to avoid making any kind of implication that everyone has the same experience and avoid implying that there are set rules of how to be genderfluid, transgender, nonbinary, and/or all other gender nonconforming identities.
“You’re not leaving me behind, so figure it out,” Tony snaps.
Tony spots Steve walking back towards them. He’s barefoot and tying the belt of a blue silk robe that’s the same shade as his Battle of New York uniform.
“You know, recklessness? It’s kind of my thing.” Tony saunters around the counter into Steve’s space, pokes Steve’s chest. “You’re stealing it. Retroactively.”
Steve half-laughs. “Jesus, Tony, when you’d get so good at reading me?”
“I think the girls would’ve killed me if I interrupted them like this.”
“You know, I miss the days when the most exciting thing to happen on a walk was an asthma attack,” Steve observes.
“Hey, wait for your orders.”
“The hell we will. There’s like ten guys out there! With guns!”
Steve is on his feet when Tony lands. He rolled down an embankment, and there’s one long scrape down right side of his face.
“I think I may be able to help you with that, Captain.”
Something catches in Tony’s throat. It’s not new information, not when he’s seen Steve take risks that make Tony’s heart gutter or when he thinks of how he’d justified making weapons for so many years. The Howard Tony had known would never have said this openly, if he’d ever even say it at all.
“It’s really not fair you’re impossible to hate, Steve,” Tony mutters one day, three months into their Avengers Tower experiment.
“Is this a dick joke?”
Tony’s phone vibrates. They both jump and Tony fumbles the phone out of his pocket.
Steve glances at her and then over at Tony.
“I have an idea,” Tony announces.
“Yep.”
Steve leans down to wipe an extra streak of sunscreen away from Tony’s cheek. He smiles, then holds out his hand. “Take a stroll with me?”
“Yeah,” Steve replies. “I think the tuck turn is really going to prove useful against Loki’s next invasion.”
There’s a large appliqué of Steve’s shield rendered in the same fabric stitched to the back of the robe.
“Think I should be asking you that.”
“He chooses what to share and when, you mean. Sets boundaries.”
Figures, he thinks with wry resignation. He always did get it bad for a person with a sharp eyes and a wit that could yank your feet out from under you.
Steve snorts. “Fine, I suppose I did, but it wasn’t what you’d call relaxing. What with the Nazis.”
“Aye,” Thor answers. “But I’m afraid my brother misread it, and we cannot know how that might have altered the spell. I will depart for Asgard tomorrow and consult my mother. It may be she can untangle this mess Loki has made.”
“Wasn’t the first time. Not even the first time things went sideways and a little explosive.”
Steve glances over to where Pepper is—where Pepper
“I don’t sleep much.”
T’Challa stands just beyond the doorway.
He winks at Tony’s stunned expression and the doors shut.
“Planning to save the Enchantment Under the Sea Dance?”
“If it means we can avoid future international incidents and protect all of our people together, then my offer is in all our best interests.” T’Challa looks them over with a careful scrutiny, his eyes twinkling with mirth. “I do not wish for us to be manipulated so successfully again…as much as I admire your intra-team negotiation tactics.”
Tony gives him a cryptic smile. “You have any faults?”
“For the team leader, you sure don’t pay attention, Cap.”
Tony raises his head from where he’d buried it in his arms on the table. “People love tragic love stories, Steve. Of course everyone knows your last words and first words were about your date with Peggy.”
“Steve. What the hell is going on?”
Tony stares at him in the mirror. “Are you insane?”
Tony nods. “All right.”
“A Steve bot. To satisfy your pining. Which, by the way, is really starting to cut into team morale. No one’s winning the betting pool and we’ve already reset it twice.”
“Tony, you know why.”
Steve had been certain he'd die when Bucky shipped out, then again when Erskine bled out in his arms. He used to worry about his heart after the scarlet and rheumatic fevers. After Rebirth, Steve wondered how much grief he could carry before he burst, serum or not.
“You’ll have to work on it.”
“Ecstatic,” Tony says through a mouthful of sandwich.
Steve brushes off the team’s questions about the hit he took and disappears as soon as they’re back at the Tower.
Tony shrugs. “Sure. Give me your best pan flag.”
“Publish or perish,” Bruce replies wryly over the comms.
He doesn’t expect Fury to take him seriously.
“Yep,” Tony says.
The want prickles along Tony’s skin, but then he remembers the news cycle: helicarriers in the Potomac; SHIELD’s secrets hemorrhaging onto the internet; HYDRA; Steve and Nat unaccounted for until—
“No,” Rogers confirms. “We don’t.”
It’s the start of Steve’s day and the end of a multi-day stretch of Tony awake and working. It’s only the end, though, because Steve strolled into the workshop, all distractingly tight t-shirt over lovely lovely shoulders, and asked Tony to come upstairs for an actual meal. If he had ordered, maybe Tony could have resisted.
Tony is surprised by his own laugh. He wants to stay here in this moment with the Steve Rogers who catches his movie references, who touches him with warmth and care and never asks for anything in return. He is, he realizes, afraid to see who Steve is with Howard. Even a Howard from the 1940s, one who’s younger than Tony is now.
Outside the workshop door, Steve pauses to listen. He pulls out his phone, taps the tile to open the app Nat had installed for him. Pixies, the app tells him.
The Lightless Flame Foundation people are
“Falcon,” Sam corrects, but no one hears it over Tony’s near-shriek of: “
Rogers’s mouth tightens. Tony thinks suddenly of the newsreels with Rogers and Barnes, laughing easily. How it had made a young Tony long for friends who could relax around him, forget he was Howard Stark’s son.
“I’ve had a sudden inspiration about peaches.”
“Oh yeah? Then what are you here for?”
“Good. Got someone you need to meet.”
“Tomorrow,” Steve agrees.
Steve’s always been full to the brim with sass, a sharp humor Howard recognizes as cultivated to shove back against the world when he was still the little guy. It’s part of what Howard first liked about him, how Steve would mouth off and stand his ground, even if it meant he got beaten into it. Erskine was right when he picked Steve. Rebirth needed someone who knew what it meant to be beaten. What it was like to get back up, spit blood in your enemy’s eye, and not back down for anything.
“This is a safe house,” Tony says. “Grant Carter even your real name?”
“I think we can assume the terms expired once everyone thought you were dead.”
“Christ,” Tony sighs, shaking his head. “Do you just figure out the best place to stand and wait until someone is around to witness how gorgeous you are? Is that a side effect of the serum?”
and Tony had, near-delirious with desire, Steve cursing beneath him.
Steve laughs and kisses Tony right there in front of the whole team.
Tony wonders. He puts a pin in that to ask later.
“You did,” Carter replies, amused, and then: “evil henchmen?”
Tony laughs. “Another time, hero. Get your beauty rest. Freedom depends on that handsome face.”
“Did you have to use red thread?” Clint continues, mostly to himself.
“And you never tested it?”
DO WE HEAR WEDDING BELLS?, reads the headline.
“Not here today,” Tony says when Steve walks into the workshop, a mug of coffee in his hand.
“Well,” Tony says with a shrug and sliding his hands into his pockets. “Got me to MIT faster.”
“Excuse me,” Steve says, pivoting to go past.
“Ugh,” Tony says.
TS: [amused] Sold off the family company a long time ago. Most likely made my old man roll over in his grave. I bet I've been here since you were in braces.
“I see, this is mutiny,” Tony mutters after his squirming does nothing to dissuade Steve. In fact, most insulting of all, Steve easily picked up a pair of Tony’s shoes and a light jacket on their way out. “You’re all conspiring against me.”
(“You made me the Mystery Machine? That’s rude, Rogers. You know, just for that, no new punching bags for a month.”
That day on the helicarrier, Loki’s scepter pulling the worst things they thought about one another out into the open—Tony’s eyes had flashed when Steve had opened his mouth and said big man in a suit of armor. Anger, Steve thought at the time. Later, when he knew Tony better, he realized there had been interest there, too. Stronger, when Steve had said,
Once they’ve patched up the worst of the Tower’s gaping holes, the rest of the team moves in. Tony isn’t sure how to feel at first, his home full and loud for the first time in… Jesus, ever. His parents had purchased a sprawling home and filled it with art, instruments, and the latest technology, but not many people. Already quiet, it was nearly a tomb after they died.
Steve clamps down on a sudden spike of panic and presses his expression into the Captain America calm.
Sure enough, Tony hears shouting. At a T-intersection, Howard is boxed in. There’s a door on lockdown at his back and a clutch of agents closing in from the front. Tony feels his heart lurch when his gaze sweeps from Howard’s white-knuckled grip on his gun to an agent whose finger is on the trigger.
“Cultural icon turned weapon—seems like your expertise.”
GC: [quietly] Ah.
Behind them, the barricaded door splinters. Tony turns to look at Carter. No. If he's right... Tony turns to look at
“That won’t happen.”
Steve had put more than his fair share of creeps on the ground for harassing the USO dancers. He’d never really known what it was like to be on the other side of that presumption, that to be assigned female often meant men thought you owed them something. No wonder Peggy had punched out Gilmore instead of handing down a formal reprimand.
“Yes, thank you for the reminder, Ms. Potts,” Tony replies. “Stay out of trouble.”
“Aww, no, magic,” Clint whines. “I hate magic.”
After that, conversation gets easier between them. Steve relishes the distraction, and how his ghosts seem to fade a little each day. Not gone—he expects they’ll never be gone—but quieter.
Steve goes down to the gym and doesn’t leave until he’s destroyed one of Tony’s Cap-Proof punching bags. He soaks his hands, watching the blood curl up from his knuckles and knows they’ll have healed by morning.
“It’s great. Where’d you learn to make this?”
“What about Europe? Paris, Berlin?”
She laughs. “It’s all right. For most people, it’s a bit of a shock. It’s tricky for students initially, too, but Steve is so at ease, it really helps the class concentrate on their work.” Daphne smiles. “He’s been very generous with his time.”
“I don’t know; I had asthma.”
Borrowing from
Nat perches on a log along the edge of the clearing. “Sit.”
“It seems, sir,” JARVIS eventually concludes, “that Mr. Stark’s memories were wiped when he was pulled back through time to the exact place he left.”
Steve looks pained. “That doesn’t…seem harmonious.”
Tony thinks he’s done pretty well dealing with this media coverage, all things considered, even if Steve gives him a deeply skeptical look when he says so. Tony pouts all the way to the fundraiser they’ve got on the docket: hosting a bachelor auction with New York’s most eligible. Pepper had talked Tony into going, which meant Steve was going. As a result, Nat was also going to keep the two of them out of trouble (aka, getting bid on when they had not signed up for the auction), and Clint was going to back Nat up. Thor didn’t want to be left out, so it was nearly the whole clown car—except Bruce who’d laughed loudly and shut the door in Tony’s face when he’d gone to invite him.
“Ready?”
“Too exhausting to pretend otherwise.” Then, before he can bite down on the words and keep them from escaping: “You know I’d come get you if I knew where you were. Soon as I got back.”
“No,” Steve finally says. “Not like this, Tony.”
He tries to stay inside. Learns how to blend in when he has to leave his apartment. Tries to ignore the scream that wants to claw out of his chest on the worst days.
JARVIS, begin recording.
“Steve, what are you doing?” Tony demands.
“I know; Fury called,” Steve replies, setting the coffee by Tony. “He wasn’t happy.”
Steve’s lips twitch into a small smile. “Wasn’t much of a picnic for me, either.”
“The rest of the team can handle it?”
“Sure, why not.”
“Prove it.”
“They’re your colors,” Steve says, a compliment and a claim. “That reminds me…”
“Tell me I’m wrong.”
Tony looks up sharply. “What the hell does that mean?”
Steve’s eyes do that flash again and Tony feels a hot twist of anticipation.
“I don’t know what you want me to say,” Steve tells her. “I thought we were getting somewhere and then Tony—” he stops. “You ever feel like the universe is just pulling out all the stops to keep you alone and miserable?”
“Okay, Steve, whatever you say.”
Tony laughs. “That’s the spirit. Well, I’ll leave you to it.” He starts to walk away, then pauses in the doorway. “Oh, um. Avoid the river for a while.”
“It can’t be helped. Stark’s the one that yanked him right out of the past and so Stark’s our best shot at putting this right.”
“It’s mine, too, you know.” Steve sighs. “Never thought I’d say this, but what if he gets back and pulls me out of the ice too early?”
“Who would I test that with? Not a lot of folks with serum running around.”
“What troubles you?”
“If you say so,” Tony replies, and turns back to searching the closet.
Tony mulls over that. “Yeah. Add it to the list of his crimes.”
That is what he meant, Tony realizes. He chews it over for a minute or two in silence.
It takes only one step to press into Tony’s space, and Steve is tipping his head back and kissing Tony like he’s always been doing it. Tony’s lips part under his and Steve pushes, to hell with politeness and waiting. Tony grabs handfuls of Steve’s shirt at his shoulders and pushes back, the kiss not elegant or smooth, but a desperate, burning thing, made so by years of wanting. They’re in the hallway just beyond Steve’s door and Tony is already tugging at Steve’s belt. Years ago, Steve might have worried who might see them. But that was before being on the run with a stubbornly silent phone, before the sharp-edged weeks when he waited to see if a spaceship would return with a pile of dust or Tony, before Tony had pressed extremis into his hand, the metaphor too obvious for even Steve to ignore.
Steve gives Tony a level look. “It’s still
Tony thinks about how he could cup the underside of Steve’s chin and tug just a little, pull him into a kiss. The kind where Tony can keep him pinned for a few breathless moments and show Steve the other uses for a smart mouth.
The reception room is small, one wall all windows to make it less claustrophobic. Someone’s set out coffee. There’s another agent in the corner and Nick Fury, standing next to—
“Nearly done,” Howard offers into the silence. “If I’m reading these plans right, I’ll be back in ’46 by dinner.”
“Okay,” Steve replies, resting his chin on Tony’s stomach.
,” Steve hisses. “You can't--”
He nods. “You dragged me up here to talk about Tony.”
“Many people certainly seem to think so.”
“Tony,” Steve interjects.
Tony stares down at Steve’s hand. There’s a lump in his throat as he processes
The thing about Steve is he has this way of looking at people that makes them feel like they’re the only thing that matters. Earnest, maybe, but without any kind of naiveté. Steve is looking at Tony like that now, sun-bright joy.
“I don’t like it,” Tony says, watching Pepper stroll away. “How do I know this isn’t some grand scheme the two of you have been planning all along to keep me in line?”
“Well, you might be right,” Howard allows. “Sometimes I think Phillips gave him the Howling Commandos because he knew Steve would never follow anyone’s orders.”
“Something about that guy sets my teeth on edge.”
“Never in question,” Tony replies. “Tell me, Captain, how often do you loom threateningly over street harassers while on your morning runs?”
Tony nods, and Steve takes both their plates to the dishwasher.
Tony stiffens. Steve notices.
“That’s a big promise, Cap.”
“Stealth?”
“All night,” Tony repeats. “The things I've been wanting to do since—"
“Mr. Stark,” Rogers says. “Steve Rogers.”
“Yes, sir?”
“In more ways than you realize, darling,” Tony purrs.
Steve pulls his shield from the backpack and hooks it on his arm. “Let’s go.”
“Yeah, well.” Tony sniffs. “I'd feel sorry for you, but you keep breaking my city.”
Each chapter will have its own set of warnings at the start as needed. Future warnings will include cissexism, gender essentialism, discussion of gender identity challenges and coming out, canon-typical misogyny, canon-typical violence, and misgendering (please see next section on Steve’s pronouns for more details).
Tony would tell him he’s too tightly-controlled, but Steve doesn’t have the luxury of another way of living. He turned himself over to his country nearly 70 years ago, expecting to die in the fight. Instead, he survived. Found himself on a team with another Stark, this one looking at him with the same expression Steve has seen him give a burned out gauntlet or a schematic of a prototype that doesn’t work quite right. Steve used to be focused on not fidgeting or snapping at him. Now, Steve feels his breath catch when he remembers those looks. What has Tony been seeing that Steve didn't even realize he was giving away?
“Doubtful.” Steve grins.
“Doorways covered under that?”
The movie is War Games :)
“Sure. Explains the—” and Tony motions at the scene in front of them. “Really? Relaxing? After Thor’s response...” he shrugs.
Steve shrugs. “It’s fine. It’ll close over in a day or two.”
Thor ignores the barb and points at something on the scroll. “This says ‘assignment’.”
Nat crouches and uses her momentum on the hardwood to slide around the corner. Tony pauses at the corner and raises his left hand, gauntlet whining as it gathers power. Suddenly, Steve’s hand clamps around his wrist and yanks down.
“Ah,” Rogers’s face darkens.
“Yeah, well.” Bruce shrugs. “Tony doesn’t always want what’s best for himself, does he.”
, and Steve had. How Tony kissed him hard, pressing his tongue into Steve’s mouth like he wanted to taste those words himself and Steve gasped,
Nothing happens.
“How we doing, pal? You’re coming through a little funny. Your comms get hit?”
She smiles back and shrugs. “It’s not a big organization. New people stick out.”
Steve snorts. “Is that what we’re calling it.”
Two hours in, an alarm cuts through the air. A mission.
Tony waves a hand, dismissive. “Too easy. For you, only my best insults.”
Tony runs a hand down his face.
“I liked the idea of StarkIndustries financially investing in local businesses through restaurants, not you buying a whole city block of them to create—and I’m quoting directly from your proposal, Tony— ‘a culinary Disney World.’” Pepper sips her coffee, ignoring the look of deep betrayal on Tony’s face.
“JARVIS?”
is precisely what I had in mind.”
Howard is staring over Tony’s shoulder at Steve’s shield.
Steve rubs a hand across his middle. “They’ll probably fade. Not exactly a precedent for me to look to.”
Steve stops. Tony? No, that can’t be right. Tony is—
They need a break, Tony decides, and tells Fury Howard is to stay at SHIELD all weekend. Well, he tells Fury’s voicemail. And in code. Even with people he likes as part of SHIELD, Tony can’t really get past his general aversion to the shadowy spy organization that wants to have him and everyone else in the Tower on call.
1940s fake hospital room. Someone who will drag Steve back through what slipped from his grasp when he put that plane in the ocean in ’45. His DNA.
GC: I think so. What do you think?
Hours later and still coming up empty, Tony gets desperate.
trous.”
Steve dumps him on the bed unceremoniously. “Sleep now. Thinly-veiled comments about my ass later.”
“Just came in,” Nat says, waving her phone. “Recon. Two-person mission, max.”
“You think I let just anyone live here? You, Romanov, Barton, Banner, Thor? You’re all just the right mix of insanely-private-plus-a-death-wish for us to live harmoniously.”
Tony studies him, then scans the room before looking back at Steve. “Do you trust me, Steve?”
Steve’s eyes narrow. “Is that so.”
“I—wha—
“You still have scars,” Tony continues, looking up at him finally. “From the gut shot.”
“Accidentally getting married might do it, too,” Clint adds. “Did you and Steve happen to accidentally get married?”
“Very romantic,” Steve says dryly.
“Really gotta work on your talking points,” Tony says and points every weapon in the suit at Loki. “Stay down if you know what’s good for you.”
Steve looks up and sighs. “World War II, plane crash, frozen for 70 years? Yeah, I’ve thought about a ring.”
“Fuck ‘em if they can’t get with the times.”
“What an untrustworthy thing to say. I’m hurt, Cap. Truly.”
Steve’s palm presses along Tony’s shoulders and arm, then traces his collarbone. “Maybe I’ll invite you back to my place.”
“Ah, Tony,” Thor says brightly. Too brightly. He gets to his feet slowly, making placating gestures like Tony is the Hulk. “Fear not. Steve is fine.”
“Tony is—” Fury begins.
“Technically, Steve Rogers’s ass,” Steve interrupts from where he’s seated at the other end of the table. His sunburn has healed already, Tony notes with jealousy. “Legally prohibited from calling myself Captain America when not in uniform. It’s in my contract.”
The man grabs his arm, and Steve is surprised enough to let him.
“Sometimes I’m not very good at sharing,” Tony tells him, tilting his face up. “Don’t play well with others. Like my teammates. Or people looking at my teammates.”
“Only Howard?”
In the morning, Fury calls him in and Steve spends four hours in a room with Howard, helping him go over some data set or another, pretending he doesn’t feel the ice creeping up his legs.
“Punctuality,” Steve replies. “Haven’t got a great track record being on time for dates.”
Tony looks at the backpack, then to the shield, and finally back up at Steve.
“You were, huh?”
“I’m having a stroke,” Tony mumbles. “This is what a stroke feels like.”
“You’re not,” Steve mutters.
“Believe it or not, Tony, sex was invented before 1945,” Steve says with a grin that makes anticipation twist low in Tony’s gut. “I know my way around.”
Nat smiles. “No time to take in the scenery unless it was cover.”
“Spoilsport,” Tony sniffs.
Once the worst of the bleeding stops, Tony sets to work cleaning and bandaging. His free hand, the one still wrapped up, rests on Steve’s side. He hums while he works, feeling his own post-battle tension folding away as Steve’s breath goes low and steady. When Tony glances up, he sees Steve watching him through the mirror, the same expression on his face as when he’s working on a puzzle. Tony realizes he’s been idly stroking Steve’s side, tracing patterns on his skin.
“Go,” Steve encourages.
“Thought you’d like that,” Steve mutters before he can stop himself.
Tony smiles warmly at him. “Seems like you’ve got another chance at sticking up for the little guy, Steve. Whoever they might be.”
The games themselves are, predictably, a disaster, but the Maria Stark Foundation meets its yearly fundraising goal by the end of the afternoon, and SHIELD/the Avengers get enough good PR to cover at least two Avengers battles. Three, if property damage is kept to a minimum. Hill and Pepper are thrilled. Thor, Clint, Nat, and Bruce all got to work off some stress in a non-work environment. Tony is certain he flirted hard enough even the straightest folks could see he and Steve were going to wind up in bed that night.
I’ve put Pepper on matching any relevant symbolism to the star. Clint looked into Rogers to see if we can follow up with him or his descendants. He has informed me Captain Steven G. Rogers went missing in action a week after this letter was sent and was declared dead several years later. No descendants.
It wasn’t atypical for Tony to spend days in the lab before one of them went downstairs to haul him out. Bruce, sometimes, if it’d been less than 24 hours and Tony’s reasoning could still be mostly followed. More frequently, it was Steve, who could carry Tony should it be necessary (often) or if there was a scenario in which someone had to pry open a robot’s grip so Tony could wiggle free (current count: 5).
Steve rubs a thumb over Tony’s knee. “Fury called me back in for tomorrow.”
“Well, hey. Kiss me.”
TS: Hate to shatter your illusion of me, but any deep-dive into tabloids-of-Tony-Starks'-past will tell you I've always been a stubborn ass who does what he wants.
Loki’s grin flickers predatory. “I could reassure you,” he purrs. “In whatever ways you prefer.”
Steve feels so god-damned old sometimes, like he’d been awake those decades in the ice.
Maybe he should call that therapist Pepper was always leaving cards around for.
GC: I’m not. And I’ll answer all your questions honestly.
Tony swears loudly and kicks a trash can across the room.
“Without you here? Piece of cake.”
Thor is down, and Steve—
“I don’t think they did this in the picture, Tony,” Steve says, remarkably steady even as his stomach shivers under Tony’s palm.
“You have something to do with this?” Steve asks Tony.
Steve, because he is as Tony mentioned, a very bad man, pulls off Tony’s t-shirt first. Tony grumbles at him and tugs impatiently at Steve’s uniform top until Steve indulges him, letting go of Tony long enough to slip his arms from the sleeves. The uniform is worse than Tony realized, peppered with tears and burns.
Steve sighs.
“Okay, genius billionaire playboy,” Steve says. “I’ll let you work.”
Steve outright laughs at that and Tony might be more miffed if Steve wasn't pulling him forward.
Years ago, after Pepper had found Tony working with an early version of the Mark I, she’d made him promise to install an emergency protocol in JARVIS, one that was at Pepper’s standards of emergency, rather than Tony’s. He’d set it off once or twice, like a smoke detector tucked above a kitchen stove. Annoying. Tony had almost torn it out for good a few weeks ago, the warning beep a sharp reminder he and Pepper were off, uncertain if there’d be an on again.
“Not an agent,” Tony slides in smoothly. “More like a consultant. Technology.” He holds out his hand.
“Really.”
(See the end of the chapter for
JARVIS, begin recording. High security protocol 5-93-WM. Voice print identification and password required to access this file. Keep it on the cloud and off all storage devices associated with the Usher Foundation.
As soon as the lights hit him, Steve realizes his mistake. There’s a gasp and some excited murmurs from the audience. But, he’s on the stage now and he’s faced down worse, so Steve keeps his shoulders back and heads towards Tony.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What do I even—”
it reads,
“Maybe,” Tony mutters, briefly reevaluating his parameter of
Tony frowns.
“Thanks,” Tony says. “Good poker face.”
“That doesn’t look like it has caffeine.”
“You were my last hope, you know. I meant it when I said you were a disappointment.”
JARVIS directs him to the penthouse balcony. When Tony steps out into the open air, Steve turns. The late afternoon sun catches in his hair, highlights the lines of his jaw and neck.
Steve wakes the next morning, the last of the pleasant aches from yesterday’s tournament fading like a dream. He lets the world around him come into shape slowly. The morning sunlight creeping under the curtains. The murmur of a city not quite awake. Tony’s soft breath on the pillow beside him.
Steve leans across the table to swipe Clint’s cereal and methodically eats the entire bowl.
Howard shrugs. “I was hoping some of his mother was in there, whoever she will be. God help her.”
“Yeah, you know. Hold me closer, Tony Danza.” Tony glances back at Steve, then throws his hands up in mock despair. “Steve. You have to get caught up on this century’s jokes. Think of how hilarious I am, and
“In the wind, Cap,” Tony says. “Think we’ll be seeing him again?”
“You liar. I know for a fact you would have picked a fight with some bruiser beating up on someone not-his-own-size.”
Steve wishes he was as good with his phone as Clint was, just to have a record of Tony’s bewildered face.
“Not much.”
“I do worry, but I trust you more. You don’t need me to worry about you. You just need someone who will be there when you call. Or even before you think to.”
Tony gets used to Steve’s presence, so he notices when Steve’s not there. The search for Barnes is infrequent and crackling with dead ends. Tony asks JARVIS to track when Steve’s not in the workshop. Which is not weird. It makes sense; what if he disappears on one of his searches that are always suspiciously light on the details?
“It is,” Steve deadpans. “Save yourself.”
“Hey,” Tony says. “None of your sass, Rogers.”
“I… didn’t realize you could pick,” Steve says, embarrassed.
Tony snorts a laugh. “Ah, well. You were pompous, and I was a dick. I didn’t handle it well. Would you believe me if I said sorry?”
Oh, Tony realizes. Time travel. Again.
The photograph splashed across the front page wins numerous awards and makes the career of the college student who’d taken it while photographing their friends at the festival. Tony buys a large print and hangs it up in Stark Tower’s lobby.
“Sure,” Steve says, taking the folded square.
“Yes, fine, but what I meant was—”
Loki peers closely at the scroll, then drops his arms with a huff. “I suppose I ought not to have expected much from scribes. Especially not this one.”
Thor shrugs. “Perhaps it feels like an attempt to erase or ignore part of who he is to make him more acceptable to Midgard.”
“I could,” Tony confirms. “This is more fun. Romanov, what’s our body count?”
“I am.”
On screen, Howard strolls over to a window and looks out, hands in pockets.
“I had other scars before the serum,” Steve says quietly. His eyes are somewhere else. “They’re gone now. I didn’t think I’d miss them.”
Tony snaps back to the screen. Howard looks right into the security cameras SHIELD had been so sure he wouldn’t see and smirks. “Yep, that is definitely what’s happening.”
Tony turns the mic on and flashes his most brilliant grin. “Thank you for your generosity, honored guests, but I'm afraid this one’s taken.”
He slips from Tony’s grasp and waves to the audience. Steve retreats to a back room. He takes a few deep breaths until his pulse eases back to normal.
league? Tony.”
It’s on the last leg of his return when things go wrong. When Steve turns a corner, he nearly collides with another man.
This is a scene that was in the first couple drafts of the 5+1, but ultimately, I cut and replaced it because the scene didn't feel like it was a match, tone-wise.
“Any way to tell which one’s the real Loki?” Steve asks Thor.
Steve frowns.
This time, it’s electric. Steve can be single-minded, hyper-focused on one issue, and for Tony—who, admittedly, could maybe use better focus—this is often a problem. Except for now, when it turns out Steve kisses with that same focus, as if he’s determined to map out every response Tony has. Hell, he probably is mapping it out, which means it’s time for Tony to do his usual thing and distract. He presses forward. Steve’s back thumps against a wall, and Tony gets that zipper disguised among the stripes down real quick, his hand slipping into Steve’s uniform.
“My brother’s enchantments are far too sophisticated,” Thor replies, resetting his grip on Mjölnir.
There’s nothing in the medicine cabinet except for an unused first aid kit and a single lonely toothbrush. That’s somehow more suspicious than a series of prescription medications—there’s not even ibuprofen.
After everyone has settled into their floors at the Tower, Steve calls a meeting. It’s brief and to the point in a way that surprises Tony until he remembers Steve has, based on their enjoyable and frequent tumbles, most assuredly had relationships with men before. He would have had to keep them secret until he woke to a world new. Stating the facts out loud to his team has to be a relief.
for this event?”
“Tony,” Steve is saying and likely not for the first time. “Are you with me.”
Twitter?”
“I could hold you down,” Tony translates.
eyebrow.
“If makes you feel any better,” Steve begins, eyes on what he’s doing. “I still don’t know how to find the internet.”
“Holy shit,” Tony gasps, much later. “You’re never leaving. I built you your own floor. To move in. Before the sex. A platonic floor. But now, you’re definitely staying. Preferably up here, with me.”
“This the place?” Steve asks, looking around.
Steve gives Tony a considering look. He walks forward calmly, not breaking stride as he plucks the half-empty glass from Tony’s hand and finishes the milkshake, gaze still fixed on Tony. Steve leans forward and Tony sucks in a sharp breath, then squeezes his eyes shut, mortified, when Steve sets the glass on the table behind him. Of course he wouldn't—just because Steve is bisexual doesn't
“You could have a dashing scar, if the serum wouldn’t clean that right up.”
Tony frowns. Then: “no blueprints if you’re here.”
“Worldly, wise, and beautiful woman. Who will be getting a raise once I’m back.” Tony pauses. “You’re the only one I hired, you know. Rumlow and Barton were orders from on high.”
It is, but maybe only because they spent time together in a war when there wasn't much time for polite introductions and outings before one of you (Steve) was hauling the other (Howard), bleeding, out of a building collapsing under a Hydra weapon assault.
“You think that will be more difficult than ‘hey I’m your son from 70 years in the future and also we hated each other’?”
“I—Steve, it’s not like that.”
“Oh you noticed that too, did you?” Pepper asks dryly. “What was it that tipped you off? The too much eye contact or the part where they can’t explain what their foundation does?”
“Shit, man,” Clint groans. “How many times did you make out in public yesterday? Have you
Steve blinks, realizing he’s moved towards Tony.
TS: That's not an answer.
All things considered, Steve decides, Howard took the news well. He needed evidence, of course, but that was easy enough to provide. Steve had made sure they were in a room that overlooked the city and a few major roads.
“Only the ones I like best.”
fuck,
Tony starts and glances up. Oh yes, Steve’s chest. And his arms. And that stomach—right.
“We’ll see you next week, then. A pleasure, Mr. Stark.”
“I took a nap—two! I took
His bag. Which he left at the front door.
“Think there might be more to it than that this time, slugger.” Howard makes a note. “He gets like that when he loses a man.”
“Sure is. Thanks, pal.”
The volleyball pancakes at Tony’s and Steve’s feet.
Steve’s mouth twitches. “The city looks a bit different. I wouldn’t mind a guide.”
Tony seethes quietly over the tabloids and newspaper headlines that accumulate on the Tower fridge, only a few with a whiff of suspected romantic involvement. The rest praise how well Tony and Steve work together, their sturdy friendship the foundation of a global defense team.
Pepper smiles grimly. “Puts things in perspective, doesn’t it.” She turns and begins rummaging through the cabinets in the kitchenette. “Shall I get the water pitcher and some glasses together while you run that very quick errand I know nothing about, including when you’ll return?”
“And you went well over what was expected of you. When they thought you died on that plane, no one said ‘good, that’s what he owed us.’ You know that. You have the medals they awarded you posthumously.”
“But he’s so friendly with you. He knows…he can
“What? Don’t want to be honest with the son of the man you probably shacked up with on cold nights?”
Tony unlocks his desk drawer. The Carter files are still in there. He packs them into his bag along with Rogers’s original statement and other potentially related artifacts he had pulled from other collections in the archives. He tucks the external memory bank with JARVIS in last and closes the satchel. Tony pauses, a thought occurring to him.
Steve goes completely still for a brief moment and Tony leans back to look at him.
“He didn’t invent the serum. Erskine did.”
Steve is quiet a moment. “No,” he says. “But it’s what we have, and I’m not gonna waste it.”
Steve kisses Tony open-mouthed, the slick heat of his tongue sending a shudder through Tony’s body. Tony clutches at Steve’s shoulders, his hair, and he yields to Steve’s touches that tip his head for a better angle. Tony drags blunt fingernails down the back of Steve’s neck, lapping up his soft moan.
He tries bringing it up to Steve the next morning, but all Steve says is “sounds like a mystery, Tony,” and smirks into his coffee mug.
“You’d like it,” Tony continues and starts the movie over. “I wasn’t far in.”
TS: How’s that?
“I’m serious. What’s your flag? And we need to get you out of those sweatpants,” Tony says, tapping away again. “Jean cutoffs ought to do the trick. You got a break coming up?”
“Then lead the way, pal.”
had pointers? Back up a minute. When did Romanov—”
“In another universe, I expect they would have gotten on quite well.”
“What’s not?” Steve asks, curling his fingers around Tony’s hip.
“You would,” Tony mutters. “You had your own musical number that ended with you punching out a pure evil world power.”
“You’ve thought about a ring already.”
Steve nods once, quick and tight. “A whole city,” he mutters. His breathing is heavy from the run, but it doesn’t quite mask a curl of fear. “A whole city.”
Tony knows better than to say anything when he finds Nat curled in a corner of the couch with Clint’s Switch, humming along to a familiar tune.
Steve eyes him. “Is that safe?”
As modest stillness and humility:
Ger laughs. “So, what roles are you two dancing?”
Tony might have cared more if it didn’t mean he had a deliciously rumpled Steve Rogers literally at his fingertips. He slips between Steve’s legs before Steve’s blinked away any more of that gauzy expression, rolling his hips forward. Tony watches Steve’s head fall back, his mouth drop open. How his throat works around a moan, his lips form Tony’s name. Tony rolls forward again, and Steve’s body ripples with pleasure beneath him, Steve clutching the sheets at his sides. He leaves biting kisses on Steve’s neck and collarbones, his chest and shoulders. Steve shudders at each one, his sense of touch elevated—like all others—with the serum. Tony nips at Steve’s bottom lip, dips in for a kiss that is the barest curl of heat. He pulls away and Steve whines and Tony nearly loses any self-control there.
Those people were idiots, Tony always thought. You couldn’t watch old footage of Steve from the 40s and think he was clumsy. Hell, you couldn’t watch any footage from the Battle of New York and not realize that. Even the way he took a hit was graceful.
“Thanks.”
to fill up the quiet. He makes his way through a few award-winning albums to start and JARVIS helps him find more based on what he likes. Steve guards these discoveries fiercely, savoring the private joy of having something for just himself again.
“Yeah?”
“Well, folks, that’s our show,” Tony’s voice drifts in. “And what a show. Who doesn’t love a happy ending? Thank you for your generosity this evening. If you’ve won an auction, Ms. Potts will have further information for you in the back of the ballroom. Thank you again and goodnight.”
“All poor kids in Brooklyn learn to stitch up a shirt tear, if they knew what was good for them.”
“I guess I did.”
“Then what’s the point? There are no stakes in that.” Tony sighs as he walks over to stand behind the couch. “You’re a disappointment, Rogers.”
Tony snorts. “What, and fade from a family photograph like Marty McFly? No, thanks.”
“Beautiful.”
JARVIS, edit recording for audio clarity and remove extraneous matter. Generate transcript and run through the accessibility checker. Upload files to the main server and store backup copies in my cloud storage.
“Can’t,” Clint says with a sunny grin. “Tenant’s rights. Have to give me at least 30 days.”
Hello everyone! I had such a fun time writing "Tony Stark vs. the Heteronormative Agenda" and taking a crack at pretend-to-date tropes, I started to think about other tropes I might want to examine in the context of fanfic. The one I’m taking on here, gender and/or sex swap, is much trickier than queer erasure. I've done my best to catch anything that might land wrong or feel icky. I definitely won't claim this is perfect. Piles and piles of thanks to Wreck and S for their feedback, encouragement, and thoughtful questions or suggestions while I tangled with the challenges of this fic.
Steve’s grin is slow and laced with mischief. “Liar,” he says and oh, it is delicious how the word curls on his tongue.
Thor tugs the scroll from Loki’s grip. “Yes, I will make sure of it.”
“Regretfully, sir, you have all been called,” JARVIS interrupts.
Steve lets a smile spread slowly over his face. “I do.”
“Tony?” he asks. “Something wrong?”
“Um. Was that your shield? On the robe?”
“It’ll be a good way to get the crowd fired up,” he argues. “Big reveals. Who is everyone wearing, all that.”
It’s only the months training and fighting together that let Tony see it: how Steve’s weight rolls to his right, ready to get between Tony and a threat.
? Really? We need to revisit your collection of great litera—“
“Tragic,” Tony replies, distracted. “I’ll send him a bouquet of wiretaps.”
“Why are we here?”
LOVE & SUPERHEROES: INSIDE ROGERS AND STARK’S IRON-CLAD FRIENDSHIP.
“In front of people.”
Tony opens his mouth. Shuts it. “I—oh. Shit.”
for you.”
Steve makes a pleased noise. “Tastes okay?”
[chair creaking, quick footsteps]
Howard points behind Tony. “Where did you get that shield.”
“Then
Tony sucks in a sharp breath, last night flashing back to him. How he’d grabbed Steve’s chin tight and commanded,
Steve had said. If only Tony knew what
“YouTube,” Steve says with a smile. “Sometimes I think if I’ve gotta watch another S.H.I.E.L.D.-mandated documentary on what I’ve missed, I’m liable to find myself another ice nap.”
“Are you hit?” Tony asks Howard.
“Meet-cute, huh? I never took you for a rom-com sort of person.”
aliens—just pile it on.
But Steve is an anchor. A tether Tony can trust will be there to tug him back if he drifts too far.
“Not Peggy?”
he thinks.
BACK FOR THAT DANCE: TONY STARK AND STEVE ROGERS LEARN THE LINDY HOP
GC: 96.
Really, Tony should have expected what came next.
“Look, who’s better equipped to determine if you have a sulk face or not?” Tony asks, spreading his arms. “You, who only sees your face once or twice a day, or me, who’s looking at that handsome mug on the regular? Trust me, Steve. You’ve got a sulk face.”
Howard shakes it. “Tony…?”
“Eating something,” Steve returns. “Before you collapse, and I have to haul your ass upstairs.”
“Hey,” Steve says softly. “Don’t, okay?”
An alert slices through the moment and Steve fumbles for his phone. It’s the alarm marking the end of his video game time.
“Holy fuck,” Tony breathes. “You sarcastic bastard. Why is that so hot? Damn it, Steve. That shouldn’t be that ho—
“Thanks,” Steve says quietly to her as he passes. Then, once they’re out of earshot: “Tony Danza?”
“What did you say?” Steve manages, his voice squeaking on the end of the question.
Weeks after the six of them assemble into a team, New York is still a mess. There’s only so much catch-up reading Steve can do before he feels like he’s back in the ice, pressed flat under the weight of how much there is to learn. Going to a museum is tricky. Although most are keeping atypical hours to work around the cleanup, Steve gets recognized now. He barely remembers losing his cowl during the scuffle in the bank, and there’d been a front-page photograph of him in the New York Times a week later. His back to the camera, face turned to look over his left shoulder. People being led to safety behind him, the shield angled just so. It was a remarkable shot.
“I’ll be just over there,” Daphne says, pointing to where a clump of students have gathered.
TS: [quietly] I bet not. [to GC] Well, we can extrapolate some potential nicknames or aliases based on the data you’ve presented.
Which is why Tony is now in the middle of a Pride street fair, looking for Steve fucking Rogers.
“Don’t worry, pops, we’re cooking with gas,” Tony assures. “We’ll get you back to the good ol’ days so you can jive with your ducky shincracker before you snap your cap.”
“Tony Churchill,” Howard says to Tony with a smirk, holding out his hand. “Nice to see you again.”
“Sort it out, Tony. Doesn’t have to be perfect, just something.” Steve smiles as he steps back again. “I'll be here.”
“Obviously. If Howard Stark wanted to fuck you, it’d be because you were some pretty little invention of his. Like guys obsessed with their cars.”
the article elaborates.
“He wouldn’t do that.”
“Well, we ought to celebrate. Why hang around this depressing joint?”
“You’re trouble, Stark,” Steve says again, pressing his nose under Tony’s ear—and breathing him in, fuck, this is too much—then kissing along Tony’s throat, under his chin, and murmuring, low and rough: “Take off the suit.”
“What’s the Steve problem?” Clint asks after a few minutes of silence.
Steve stiffens. “Tony,” he begins.
“I survived 18 years with Howard,” Tony replies with a calm that is purely superficial.
“Tony here is going to be working on getting you back to your own time,” Fury continues, giving Tony a warning glare.
“Ha!” Tony flips up his goggles to grin triumphantly. “So, Steve, which life study do you like best? Titian? Rubens? Don't tell me you're a Botticelli man.”
“God damn it, Tony,” Steve says, his voice low with anger. “Don’t you ever learn anything.”
TS: That’s me. What can I do for you, Mr. …?
“You know,” Steve murmurs from where he’s tucked his nose against Tony’s bare thigh, Tony’s hand still clutched in his hair. “I think these movies are starting to grow on me.”
“Not. Necessary,” Steve grits out.
Tony rubs a hand over his face. “At this rate, they’ll think I’m giving Steve CPR.”
“Competitive weight-lifting? Construction?” Tony suggests. “One-man moving company.”
“Yes.”
The reel turns out to be pre-serum Steve completing a series of basic training exercises. Tony watches Steve’s face slowly turn into the one he wears when the star is stamped on his chest: guarded and determined, the world before him a grid of tactical advantages and plans. He’s started to notice this more, how often Steve slips into using Captain America as a disguise. A part of himself he can hide behind or use to push down grief that must bubble under the surface at all times.
Steve feels his smile turn more firm and ignores Howard’s questioning stare on his back. He focuses on the sketch under his hands until the world outside of this small corner fades away.
“What?”
“This is a very surreal conversation,” Tony replies.
No robots, no portals. Just Tony hunched over a screen, muttering to himself.
“You’re a worldly, wise—”
“Clint’s recommendation,” Steve says. “Here we go.”
“What?”
Tony laughs and the dark cloud that settled over him evaporates. “That’s right, you had some help.”
He stumbles towards his bed, shedding his tux in clumps. Steve follows, folding his own shirt and bowtie into a neat pile, then hanging his jacket over a chair. Tony eyes him.
“They’re not—” Steve sighs. “Yeah, okay. I’ll meet you downstairs in ten.”
“You don’t,” Nat replies, appearing in a doorway. “Oh. That’s new.”
Avengers in attendance does mean more publicity for the charity and likely higher bids, which is why Pepper only sighs when she sees them walk in.
“Cool,” Ger says, and shakes it. “Let’s be awkward collectively, then.”
“It’s Stark, actually,” Tony says, with a smile that has too many teeth. “Tony Stark.”
“I’m here as your friend, Tony.
Honestly, Tony is surprised the short battle in the park got any coverage. He hadn’t seen any trace of the press there.
Steve turns to find an organizer blinking at him. They have a utility belt to rival the one on Steve’s uniform, weighed down with a walkie talkie, flashlight, and numerous pouches. A few bandaid wrappers stick out from under one pouch flap. There’s a badge around their neck:
“Tony, I…I could’ve done this on my own,” he stumbles, knocked flat by the gesture. “No!” Steve interjects, already seeing Tony retreating into himself. “No, that’s not what I mean, I just.” He rubs a hand over his face. “This is the nicest thing anyone’s done for me in…”
Steve shakes his head as he walks into the shared kitchen. What is it about deadly brunets that knocks him off his feet? Even Tony—
Then he bounds—
“I’ll have to speak to Happy about the ventilation in there,” Pepper says, plucking at her blouse and fanning herself with it. “If there’s a problem with the vents, it could damage the entire HVAC system, and I don’t want to think about late summer in DC without climate control.”
“What? You set me up for that one.”
“Hiking. Didn’t people hike in the 1940s, Steve?”
“War stories? Can’t imagine that would take much time.”
TS: [puzzled] Uh huh. So…what’s this history mystery you’ve brought me?
GC: Takes guts to walk away from something bad, especially when it’s an easy path.
“Like it?” Tony asks. “Got it special for the game.”
, the absolute dick, but there are more interesting things happening, like Steve’s hand pressed to his lower back or how he’s kissing Tony like it’s the most important part of his day. That’s heady stuff, considering he spent the morning talking tactical Earth defense with Hill and Fury.
“That had better be your only motivation, Nick. If I find anything that suggests more weapons research with things you can’t control—”
“Game on,” Tony says.
“You’re not worried how the press will interpret it?”
NO WALK IN THE PARK, reads this headline.
“In the
Steve looks up in surprise. There’s anger on Tony’s face, but not at Steve.
“There’s a fishing tourney today,” Clint gripes. “And I’m gonna miss it because these bastards couldn’t wait until
expression before following his gaze to Bruce and Nat. He closes his eyes again. “Care to be more specific?”
(*and canon, on occasion--I'm looking at you, Earth 3490.)
“Tony.”
“Shit,” Steve exhales sharply. “Well. I guess—”
Tony groans, bracing his forearms on the back of the couch behind Steve’s shoulders.
God, he misses her, Steve realizes. The stubborn fury in her set mouth, what a crack shot she was, how she could change the gravitational pull in a room if it suited her purposes.
Tony thinks, stepping out of the elevator with his SHIELD escort.
“Sit.”
Nat, stirring a mug of tea at one of the few clear spots, raises an eyebrow at him. Steve shrugs. She nods back and understanding passes between them. Over the course of an hour, Clint, Thor, and Bruce drift in and all take up various positions around the room.
“My mistake,” Tony murmurs against Steve’s cheek.
“That seems a stretch.”
“Who are you?” Tony asks the woman.
“Steve,” Tony starts. He stops, not sure what to say next. “I…I’m sorry, all right? This week is.” He scrubs a hand over his face. “It’s just all so fucked, you know? It’s like the special clip show episode of Howard Stark’s A+ Parenting. With never-before-seen material.”
“Anyone have a track on him?” Steve asks.
He follows Tony’s lead through another turn. Tony shrugs and is quiet for a few beats while he swings Steve out and guides him back in to closed position.
“You’re sure?”
Steve catches him at it and holds his gaze. Tony tries not to focus too hard on how Steve always seems to see right through him.
The crowd screams even louder. Steve is wearing a pair of swim trunks that fit well over his hips and thighs. They're patterned in the same red and gold as the Iron Man armor. Tony’s eyes sweep up over Steve’s bare chest and meet Steve’s gaze just as Steve puts on a StarkIndustries ballcap.
TS: It’s not that impressive.
TS: What meeting?
Tony gives Steve an evaluating look. “I was wrong about you.”
“Uh huh.” Clint eyes the collage one last time, then fixes a Tony with a look. “Are you building a Steve bot?”
Steve shrugs. “I’ve been fighting for something my whole life—to stay alive, end HYDRA, stop an alien invasion, learn my way around a new century. What’s another battle, especially if it’ll help someone else have an easier way?”
“It was not,” Steve agrees. “I had to get a stool to prop my feet up on.”
“Well, we don’t always get what we want, do we, Rogers?” Tony snaps.
Tony sits up. “What? You’re going back?”
Tony’s mouth twitches into a smile. “Want to have dinner? Or whatever normal people do on dates.”
“Shit,” Tony says, and burns a hole through the floor. “Steve, what the
“Tony,” Steve tries, but Tony is off the couch and gone.
Steve huffs out a laugh.
“How I look like him,” Tony clarifies. “How much I remind you of him. How proud he’d be—he wouldn’t, by the way, not that it stops people from saying it—of me carrying on his legacy.” Tony bares his teeth in what is supposed to be a grin.
GC: Well, sure, but I don’t think I’d know any of them. She didn’t talk much about her past.
Tony gives him a long look, searching for any sliver of obligation in Steve’s face. “A few minutes, you said?”
“Sold,” Steve says.
“I’ve heard that. How many war bonds did you sell, after all?”
“Welcome home, sir. Captain Rogers opted for an evening in and is upstairs preparing dinner.”
JARVIS: Yes, sir.
he considers.
“Think I’ve imposed enough on your alone time, Cap.”
in the following silence.
“Sure, yes,” Steve agrees.
“So what is the truth?”
Tony’s mouth works a few times, but he can’t quite formulate a reply. Especially not when Steve’s wearing that mischievous grin, which, honestly, is Tony’s favorite.
“He never stopped looking for you,” Tony says, as if it’s a rebuttal.
The warmth on Steve’s face becomes fixed. “She knows,” he says.
“You told me to walk it off,” Tony says, starting to giggle and he has a half-second to feel bad because Steve is trying to be serious and—
“JARIVS?” Tony calls.
“Bone,” Tony snarls.
all his work is done.
“Is that a
TS: Thank you.
During Tony’s worst years of drinking and determined irresponsibility, Happy used to track him down by following social media posts. Tony was always grateful, but he never thought about how stressful following a trail of blurry pictures and hashtags might be. He owes Happy, who kept him from getting in too deep, and Tony tries to pay it forward whenever he can. Helping a stranger in need, funding fellowships or scholarships, donating tech, and checking in on his friends.
Tony pushes his tablet across the table and taps play on a video. A gentle melody plays. That creep from this morning is yelling at a woman about 5’10” in running gear. Her shoulders are rolled back; her stance ready for a fight.
“Tony Stark,” Howard repeats.
Steve is quiet for a few long breaths. “Thank you for telling me, Tony. I’m sorry that was your childhood.”
Or close the wall up with our English dead.
Steve draws in a long, slow breath, pressing down his annoyance. Might as well be standing in that bright blue uniform again, a few months into the future and eclipsed by the shadow of Howard Stark every time Tony looked at him.
Steve’s head jerks up, surprised. “What?”
“Steve?” Howard asks.
“Seriously, did you not see the way everyone swooned when you walked onto the helicarrier in this thing?”
“Oh, fuck it,” Tony finally says, and kisses the smirk off Steve’s face.
“It’s a replica.”
before Steve says, low and firm: “Sure thing, Tony.”
Steve laughs, head thrown back. The joy lights him up, and Tony feels a twinge of pleasure at being the source of it.
“In the vault downstairs.”
Steve says nothing.
“Well. Enjoy.” Tony turns to make his retreat.
“That’s where you’re wrong,” Tony shoots back. “I’m a coward.”
“Howard, you’re not in danger,” Steve says calmly. “I survived the crash. This facility is where…I was brought to recover.”
TS: Who are you?
“What the hell is this. Who are you people?”
The risotto is close to done. Steve hums along to his favorite song on the playlist, stirring in another handful of parmesan and splash of wine. He swings side to side in a low swoop, mimicking the dance moves he’d seen in the music video. It wasn't hard to recognize the dancing wasn't expert, but Steve likes the easy confidence, how everyone seems to know they're being just a little bit silly and that's the joy of it all.
Tony’s landing is more of a half-crash at the rendezvous point, his piloting skills frayed to hell after maneuvering through hunks of Sokovia hail. Steve sees him first from where he stands on a large boulder, the setting sun catching the star on his chest, spilling over his face streaked with ash and dirt.
By the time Steve gets upstairs, Tony is waiting for him with a movie queued up and dinner spread out in takeout boxes. He hits play when Steve walks in:
. What would the American public say?”
“A rebirth?” Steve asks wryly.
GC: Good to know.
Two chapters in today's update! Chapter 3 (this one) is a statement transcript, followed by an interlude written like a typical fanfic.
“I wouldn’t know,” Carter replies. “You don’t have any reason to trust me. You shouldn’t. But I promise you, Tony, I won’t hurt you and I won’t let anyone else hurt you, either. I meant what I said before: there’s no reason for me to.”
The way Howard figures it, there are only three possible explanations:
TS: As I was saying. Margaret. Common nicknames for Margaret include Maggie, Meg, Marge, Peggy… and you said she was an agent? Agent Maggie Carter? Agent Marge Carter? Agent Molly, maybe…
“You’ve been studying me,” he says against Steve’s mouth.
“All set, champ.”
“Habit,” Steve replies apologetically. “Does your nametag say ‘light in the loafers’ under your name?”
“What, all of us?” Tony asks, following Steve’s lead and getting dressed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We should have sex,” Tony proclaims.
“Did we get engaged?” Steve interrupts. “Is there some kind of 21st century courtship ritual I missed last night?”
“Oops, have to take this—Pepper,” Tony says, hopping up with his cellphone in hand. “Don’t touch my stuff while I’m gone.”
“I always have faith in you, Tony.”
“Glad to have you with us,” Tony replies. “Why don’t you go on ahead, big guy? See if the spy kids are back from their mission.”
Tony grins at him. He kisses Steve again and again, until they’re both breathless.
“Cap, Barton’s being mean to me. It’s hurting my morale.”
The dance lesson is in an old church, tucked back from the main roads. It’s just a touch shabby around the edges, the gardens tended with love but not meticulous care. The stained glass windows are clean, though there are spider webs in the eaves. Steve loves it immediately.
There’s a spike of shame and fear and Tony ducks away, hyper vigilant of Howard’s presence. He tries not to see Steve’s reaction and mumbles: “flesh wound.”
“Research,” Steve replies.
“You underhanded bastard,” Tony breathes.
“I don’t think that’s true,” Steve says slowly.
TS: Jesus Christ.
“Why are you such a dick, Stark?”
“Tony—”
Damn nervous energy, he thinks.
Tony makes a thoughtful noise. “Steve?”
Thank you all for reading and for your comments and kudos! I promise to reply to comments individually soon. It's just been real busy here, and I've got enough spare brainpower to edit/proofread but not much else.
“Yes.”
Steve looks up from his book. “We got a call?”
Steve grinned. “I’ll keep it in mind.”
Before Steve can formulate a reply, Tony is off.
“The Captain was a warrior first, even before your science blessed him with strength to rival my own,” Thor interrupts. “And therefore not a match for your theoretical meditations.”
“What are you doing?” Tony asks, bewildered.
“Used to be allergic.”
Steve’s smile is sad. “What’s on the menu?”
“Well, if it benefits charity,” Steve replies easily. “Did you?”
Steve is breathing hard now. Tony nuzzles at his low back, his sacrum, following the roil of Steve’s hips. Even with all that fear of hurting someone by accident, once Steve gets his hands on Tony, Tony thinks about how he must have been a very very good person in a former life.
Tony jumps to his feet and plants his palms on Steve’s knees, leaning forward to peer into his face. He feels Steve start under his hands rather than sees it—it’s barely even there, that reaction. Steve blinks back at him.
Thor holds out a hand and pulls Steve to his feet, then retrieves water bottles for both of them.
“Don’t die. When we face Thanos.”
Steve sleeps late and lounges around his room the next morning. Howard will be back to keep working tomorrow, and Steve wants to burrow into the most recent book he swiped from the downstairs library and pretend to be somewhere—someone—else for a while.
Three repulsor blasts knock the agents off their feet, including the one—ones?—who fired. Howard falls back against the door, sweat in a thick layer over his face. No blood darkening his suit. Yet.
“I was half-afraid you were going to put me in a crop top,” Steve finally says.
No, Tony realizes, not on top of. Carter has caught him like he’s no more than a scraggly kitten who’d gotten too adventurous and lost his balance.
“Who’s this guy?” he asked, motioning at Steve.
“I could pull up the blueprints right here. Look—”
Carter runs a hand through his hair, looking down and away. “It’s a long story.”
Tony chuckled. “Well, if you decide you’re too close to a demonstration of how a Wii remote can be used to kill someone, couch’s open in the workshop.”
Tony notes the jeans are rolled to ankle-length and praises the fashion gods for the timeless classic of boyfriend jeans.
I am so psyched there are people out there who are down to follow me on the wild ride of this Magnus Archives & Avengers fusion. Thanks so much for reading, y'all. I hope you enjoy this next chapter when things start to get moving <3
“Jesus, you’re particular.”
“Knit a shirt out of stinging nettles,” Thor provides without looking up from the scroll.
Steve is very still. Tony freezes, studying the long plane of Steve’s back, suddenly worried.
“Not wrong,” Tony says slowly. “Just. Hang on. Need more data.”
Plus, if he doesn’t have to lead now, maybe he won’t hurt anyone on accident, either.
“Well, you really have just the best plans don’t you, Steve?” Tony snaps, while they wait to meet the SHIELD escort and Howard in the workshop. “An unmatched tactical mind.”
“Listen, my point is, it’s very difficult for people to say mean things about a war veteran who gave his life to save New York, was lost and presumed dead, and when recovered alive decades later, promptly saved New York again.”
“My body is just a body.” Steve pauses. “Okay, my body is a special case, but what is there to be ashamed of? It gets me around. Better than I ever thought it would. It’s… a gift.”
“I’m thinking we go retro,” Tony says one day, standing at the edge of it. “Sunken sitting room. You know, like were all the rage in the 1960s.”
Tony nods. “J, lock up this information, would you? Leave it off the report to SHIELD.”
“You ought to watch where you’re going, sweetheart,” the man says. “I think you owe me an apology.”
“This is excellent news!” Thor booms. “It is a joyous thing to find companionship in a shield brother. We must celebrate!”
“Not the stool,” Steve says, seeing the look on Tony’s face. “Doesn’t count.”
a petty bit of revenge.
There’s always been something about Steve Tony couldn’t quite get a handle on, something just out of reach. It slides into place now and if he were alone, Tony would have laughed bitterly. Where else would there be a blind spot, but the place where they overlap?
He’s just returned from a meeting at Stark Industries, loosening his tie as he walks into the rec room.
Cursing, Tony trots down the hall. His bag is where he left it, but Carter is not. Nope, Carter is standing next to Tony’s bag, looking through the file Tony snuck out of the archives.
Then he sees the headline.
Tony disappears into adjusting the uniform for Steve, based on JARVIS’s scans and what he remembers about the uniform sitting on Steve’s body. He starts from scratch, putting his hopes on Steve needing his old uniform again soon.
“No.”
Steve pulls the shield off his arm and hooks it on his back. Tony pauses, looks carefully at him. His left arm hangs slack at his side, shoulder not quite right.
“Well,” Steve says, pretending to think about it. “I think they might be distracted by the part where I’m in bed naked with Tony Stark.”
The last few months have been different, though, something changing in the delicate lacework of their relationship. Steve's noticed it, too. More than once, Tony caught Steve watching him with a speculative look, as if Tony held the answer to the last questions about settling into the 21st century.
Tony assesses. “Probably.”
“Considering the source, I’ll take that as a compliment.”
I updated the title, which now borrows a lyric from "Scott & Zelda" by Tiny Victories.
Clint sits at the kitchen table, sulking over a bowl of cereal.
Steve blinks, pulling his eyes away from the page and finding Tony a few steps into his room. He’s leaning against the wall, dressed in jeans and a long-sleeved shirt that look relatively clean. Not been to the workshop yet, then.
Tony makes a point to visit the compound at least once a week. At first, he has an excuse ready. New tech to fit someone for, policies to follow up on, some message from Pepper… but it quickly becomes apparent neither Steve nor Nat want a reason and are always glad to see him. Not long after that, Tony breaks in the small workshop he included in the plans, a ground-floor room that walks out into a sprawling field.
Tony slides a screen closer to Steve. “Once I have that coveted Captain American approval.”
“My money would be on Loki,” Tony replies, ducking away from Steve. “That whole space monarchy.”
“Tell you what,” Tony says, desperate to change the subject. “I’ll make you some arrows that have fireworks. How’s that for shooting stars?”
Tony orders himself.
“Oh.” Tony blinks. “Um. It’s true. We’re fucking.”
Howard nods to Tony’s figure on the other side of the glass, pacing as he talks. When Steve follows his gaze, a blush creeps into his cheeks. Howard watches Steve swallow, force back the embarrassment. The mask go up.
“How dare he abandon my island when I have created such amusements as he asked for?” Thor is yelling. “This is a deep betrayal of our fellowship!”
Steve jerks his head in a nod. Tony pushes. There’s a pop and Steve’s other hand takes a hunk out of the rock he’s sitting on. He doesn’t make a sound except for his harsh breathing, and Tony feels hate swell in his chest for everyone who taught Steve to be a soldier first.
“Serves you right,” Nat says unsympathetically to Clint’s pout.
During the low-energy slump of midafternoon, Nat finds Steve, Clint, and Tony in the communal kitchen. Steve and Clint are at the table reading or working, and Tony sits on the floor near the sink, the garbage disposal in pieces around him. “It’s not like I haven’t told Thor he can’t put this much pasta down the disposal,” Tony is muttering while he works. “Jesus, it’s turned into a paste. I’d like to see Mjolnir take care of this.”
It’s enough to bowl a fella over.
“Yeah, why not? I need time to weigh your hot tub idea.”
“Clint’s grasp of history is to be both admired and feared,” Tony replies. “Never took you for the street festival type.”
After he’d rescued the 107th, Bucky had given him a hard look.
“As you wish, sir.”
“You’re very calm about this,” Bruce observes.
“Need something?” Steve asks.
“No? Not your fault that you’re
the shirt reads,
He lets go, is swept up.
Tony gives her a quick grin. “Pep, what would I do without your sharp observational skills?”
Nat, close to Steve’s position, shoots him a look over her shoulder, one eyebrow quirked. She gives him an approving nod.
. He picks up another volleyball from the big crate Tony had delivered earlier in the day.
“Nailed it,” Clint confirms.
A deleted scene from the 5+1.
Steve swallows and says carefully: “When I woke up, it’d been nearly 70 years since the plane went down.”
Tony gets up, trying to stretch a pinch out of his neck. “More arrow prototypes?”
Tony actually throws his head back to laugh at that. “I can think of a few.”
“Absolutely not.”
Tony turns sharply. Clint is leaning back against one of the work tables, his eyes on the ceiling.
“Nice throw,” Tony says.
[door slamming, key turning in lock]
He yawns as the elevator opens on his floor and winds his way to his room. Tony drops face-first into bed. As he drifts off to sleep, Tony wonders if there’d be anything more disruptive to their still-fragile team dynamics than him taking a chance with Steve.
Tony grins back. “J will take care of the food. I’ll meet you upstairs after we hit the showers.”
“Something tells me Fury will go for that,” Tony says with an ease he doesn’t feel.
what you think?”
“So,” Tony says, still waiting for his heartbeat to go back to normal. “How long have you been waiting to do that? Because even with your brilliant tactical mind, Steve, I gotta say that felt planned in advance.”
“Finally,” Clint mutters and stomps off towards the quinjet.
Steve flashes Tony a knowing look. Instead of arguing, he nuzzles behind Tony’s ear, breathing in deeply. Sweat and the woodsy smell of his soap, none of the cologne Tony usually wears when suiting up for business. Neither armor on tonight.
“Let go of my arm, please,” Steve replies, coolly. “Neither of us were looking where we were going.”
“I hate you,” Tony says without meaning it. “I’ll lead, Sarah Connor.”
TS: Who are you.
Steve stares past him. Tony turns.
Son of a bitch, I thought, and went back to the file drawer where I’d pulled Rogers’s statement. Someone else had been in there. Nothing was missing, I could see that right away, but things were…moved. Shuffled around. Maybe it sounds crazy, but I’m the only one with clearance to get in there and I know how I left things. I took it all with me this time. They’re not supposed to leave the archives but… something’s going on. It’s not a coincidence, Carter showing up here and pretending to know Aunt Peggy. He knows more than he’s saying. I need to find out what that is.
,” Tony says again, his face turning an interesting shade of red.
“Steve,” Tony says, gently. “It’s a beginner lesson series, mostly people from the surrounding neighborhoods. Very welcoming, according to all the reviews JARVIS read. Let’s give it a try, okay?”
He can feel Steve’s breath catch, how Steve shifts forward to kiss him back. Then he’s pulling away and Tony definitely does
“Sir, a full system diagnostic will mean I’m unavailable for as long as 12 hours. Are you certain that’s advisable?”
“Not if I can help it,” Tony replies, pouring himself another cup of coffee. “Also, not my fault?”
Daphne smiles, then moves to start putting away materials and cleaning up the studio.
Carter actually looks a little embarrassed. “Look, I’m not—I haven’t had a lot of experience actually talking to fellas I might like to step out with, all right?”
Tony chuckles. “Some things never change.”
“You know, I wanted to be a Valkyrie when I was younger,” Thor muses after recounting two of the Valkyrie’s battles, complete with the songs written after. “That was before I knew they were all women.”
“Ready?” Steve asks, emerging fully clothed.
“Tony.” Steve sounds like he wants to laugh. “I can’t believe I didn’t notice.”
“…Okay.”
GC: I was hoping you might have some records of my grandma’s wartime service. She was a special agent in WWII and most of what’s survived is in still-classified archives with other agencies. I was pointed in your direction and thought…well, why not.
“I regret to inform you I would, sir,” JARVIS interrupts. “In the matter of your health, overrides are not acknowledged.”
GC: You don’t do it anymore? The technology thing?
“Damn right,” Steve says without looking up.
“We usually try to maintain some level of privacy for our students and models, but with Steve volunteering for us…” She sighs. “Well, that privacy is harder to come by.”
Really, Tony reflects, eyes on the white hospital ceiling above him, Pepper being right was what made this all so much worse.
“What? I can look, can’t I? It never bothered you before.” Loki has not, in fact, stopped looking. “Certainly wasn’t my intention with the spell, but, well. Can’t say I’m displeased with the results.”
Steve’s answering smile is warm. He leans forward and says clearly into the mic: “I love Tony Stark.”
“I’m sure you could.”
Howard snorts. “Barnes? Christ, no. That was much worse.”
“Difficult for me?” Steve snaps. “You think
Not for the first time, Tony wonders how he managed to grow (eventually) into a relatively well-adjusted adult who:
Steve gives him a look when he hears the familiar guitar riff but hands Tony a plate and settles in next to him.
“Darling, you are the bedpost.”
“You gonna give me an incentive, Rogers?”
This far in the future with a disappearance and resurrection between Steve and the USO days, it’s rare someone asks him about his time selling war bonds. It’s unsettling to see his life remembered as a highlight reel, his despair and anger gathered into simple places: too sick to join up initially; Bucky’s fall from the train; the last call with Peggy. No one ever asks if he was bored, what the Commandos favorite card games were, or how Dum Dum was an absolute shark at poker but nobody ever asked Steve to play whist again after he swept all their chocolate rations in one game. Bucky had been near tears laughing at the rest of them, barely able to choke out the explanation Steve was staying tight-lipped about: it was boring to be sick all the time, and his neighbor Jean would entertain Steve some days with card games or tricks until Steve could do them all himself.
“Steve?”
Tony waits until everyone’s gear is off and put away. He checks that Howard is where he left him. Agents are guarding the door. After what feels like enough stalling, Tony goes looking for Steve.
“I have that effect,” Howard replies with a smirk.
“Ah,” Tony cuts in. “About that. Technically, we’re not allowed to let you leave.”
“What are you watching?” he asks instead.
“How long has that been going on?”
“Peak of health,” Bruce concludes. “Can’t see anything that indicates cellular deterioration or other magic-induced risks to your overall well-being.”
“Gimmie a minute,” Steve says. “I’ll be right there.”
before sprinting out of the arcade and trying to sneak into his high school class late.
has Tony been that Loki's put it together?
, and Steve folds his mouth into a frown to keep from laughing.
Nat rolls her eyes.
“Okay. I don’t do this, got it?” Clint waves between him and Tony. “The pining thing. Act on your feelings or don’t, you know?”
Tony mutters something and digs in. He blinks. “Is this kongjuk?”
“The press. Saying we’re friends.”
Steve blinks a few times and Tony watches his eyes go distant in the way they do when he’s cycling a battle scenario in his head. After a moment, he smiles faintly.
Tony manages a breathless laugh.
“Well,” Steve considers. “You could try.”
“No one,” Tony says in a put-upon tone, “gets me.”
Steve frowns. “I’m not sure if—”
Steve Rogers is his type, full stop. Now, there’s a semi-murderous god out there, most likely planning his Steve seduction tactics—a win/win for Loki, Tony knows, remembering his muttered “it never bothered you before” and knowing look at Tony and
“Sure,” she says. “If you wouldn’t mind signing in on this sheet and signing our waiver. Did you pay online or would you like to now?”
“We'll just see,” Tony shoots back, his smile turning into a challenge. “Want to help me with something tomorrow?”
“About the size of it,” Steve says. His shoulders go back. “Here’s what we’re gonna do. Wait until Loki comes back and see if we can grab him. Thor, you go to Asgard as planned. Find out everything you can about reversing this spell and potential side effects and meet us back here in three days. We can’t risk you off-world longer than that when we don’t know if this spell will eventually knock me down. Clint, you’re on keeping S.H.I.E.L.D. out of this. Tony, I need you to address my new uniform needs and see if you can track Loki. When Bruce gets back, he’s with you. Nat, you’re with me. We don’t take any missions outside of the city if at all possible and if that’s unavoidable, we reassess before we go tearing off. Questions?”
“Real charmer, you,” Steve murmurs.
Steve frowns.
The smile is a little stronger this time. But then Steve says: “you’re going to bench me.”
is really interesting if anyone wants to read more about queer folks in the military.)
“That’s what I said,” Steve says with a small smile. “Thor?”
“Manners,” Nat replies.
Tony grabs Steve’s hand and holds it tight, leading him to the open door. He hesitates.
“Change of plans,” Tony says, smoothing over his disappointment. “Should’ve called ahead but…” he shrugs. “Not always thinking ahead after bad deals.”
“Eat, Tony,” Steve replies, eyes already on a section of newspaper in front of him.
“Hey,
“What do I do?”
“I can explain,” Steve says weakly.
End recording.
“Well, that’s true, but—”
“What do you want with me?”
REBELS WITH A CAUSE: TEAMMATES RAISE MILLIONS FOR CHARITY
it says in sparkly rainbow letters,
“Sure is. I thought you might like some.”
Miss Fontenot turns out to be a woman in her mid-thirties wearing a pantsuit Katharine Hepburn would have swooned over. She insists he call her Daphne.
Tony was used to human connection being transient, save for people like Happy or Pepper, who’d dug in, despite Tony’s best efforts at self-destruction. That day on the helicarrier, something had flared bright and hot. Put on the suit. It appears to run on some kind of electricity. Steve’s open grin when Tony had been unable to shut up about schwarma. The calm, calculating gaze Tony sometimes feels during mission debriefs.
fine,” Loki murmurs, peering around Tony.
“That’s right—you’re a stubborn asshole,” Tony says, but it’s absent of their usual banter.
“Secret’s safe with me,” Steve assures.
Then Tony throws himself at Steve. Steve laughs into his mouth and they stumble back towards the elevator, somehow making it to Steve’s room without seeing anyone else. Tony hooks an ankle around Steve’s foot and trips him, tumbling them both into the bed.
Tony hands Steve a box. Steve opens it after a suspicious glance at Tony and freezes when he sees what’s inside.
“Jesus Christ, Rogers,” Tony groans. “You’re going to kill me.”
“Good. I’d hate to tell Pepper she was wrong,” Tony replies, and pulls the note from his jacket.
Tony gets the idea from the tabloid that is now, much to his annoyance, displayed on the fridge in the communal kitchen. Pepper and Hill have been on him to do some PR work for StarkIndustries and the Avengers, so why not a charity volleyball tournament? Two problems solved with one afternoon of strutting around in front of a crowd of investors and cameras, some carefully-chosen members of the general public, etc. etc. SHIELD will leave him alone and Pepper might stop wearing that look that says
“Tony Danza,” Tony replies.
Your childhood hero, who was best friends with your garbage excuse of a father—who really ought to be the witch or sorcerer or whatever in this story—asking to meet you.
“That sounds like a you-problem,” Steve says from his place at the stove.
“It’s not.”
“Uh huh,” Steve says, still unconvinced as they leave the tent. “What’s that one?” he asks, nodding at the pink, yellow, and blue stripes adorning Tony’s cheek.
“You’re a goddamn romantic, you know that, Rogers?” he mutters to Steve’s hand.
The night has turned deep velvet before Tony feels his body unwind and mind slow. He rolls his neck. Deep breath in. Out. Tony glances over at Steve, sprawled on his stomach, quietly still in sleep. Since they began to share a bed, Tony has wondered if it’s the serum that drags Steve under so completely—as in all things, the best version of itself.
“Sorry,” Tony blurts, “or thank you? Jesus, talk about reflexes—what’s your thing? Pilates?”
“I don't have it,” Loki replies. “At all. So you can stop looking at me like that.”
“What?” Tony says, hands in pockets and big grin on his face. “I said you needed to look gayer, darling. Therefore: my treat.”
Tony blinks. “Sure, Cap. I’m not much of an art guy, though, more…” And here he circles his arms to encompass the workshop littered with machinery and blueprints. “You know.”
