"I warned you," John said coolly. "Keep a lid on that mouth of yours and don't try to play me for a fool. You'll regret it in the end. I know how to arouse unquenchable desire, but I also know how to cause unbearable pain. There's a good reason they call me
John exhaled audibly. "All right. I have to admit I wouldn't have liked to intervene. For the first time in years, I have a household that runs smoothly because everyone gets on. It's really no picnic to have the staff constantly at each other's throats."
The second one is more "normal".
Throughout Sherlock's life, it had always been others who made decisions for him. Now at least he could have control over his own death, and that was a strangely liberating feeling, something close to redemption.
. He's been first fiddle in London for years... The Chinese haven't really got a firm foothold, and the Russians are just out to make trouble. Watson's the real number one here in Southern England. The others might as well pack their bags and go home. The hierarchy's taken from the Italians … but you'll find his organisation's a real melting pot of the nations."
"At least cover me up properly," Sherlock complained after a few moments. "It's cold somewhere back there."
If only he had the slightest clue what was going on here! John wasn't a coward by any measure. He'd never turned away from a fight or confrontation. But faced with an invisible, intangible threat... it was enough to give him an uneasy feeling. How was he supposed to put up a fight when he didn't even know his adversary's name? It was true, fairy tales did often contain wisdom at their core... knowing the name of an enemy gave a certain power over him. John considered his chances and decided they weren't good. It wasn't just that he didn't know who was causing all his problems - no, he couldn't even remember the name of that fairy tale. It started out with a miller's daughter who could spin straw into gold. But for the life of him, he couldn't remember any more. At least he wouldn't have to give up his firstborn if he couldn't come up with the right name.
'I'll be there as soon as I can,'
The mayor's balcony...
John ignored the warming tray with the scrambled eggs in favour of a slice of toast, which he smeared with jam. As an accompaniment, he poured himself a cup of tea. Only once he'd completed that task did it occur to him: "If you'd prefer coffee with breakfast..."
"No, I …"
“Tell me,” John begged. “I promise I won’t laugh or… be disgusted. Perhaps it’s something I would enjoy, too? Hmm? You’ll never know. Not unless you tell me.” John meant it. He would be willing to wear fishnets and call Sherlock “daddy” if it meant Sherlock was happy and fulfilled and wanted to be with him.
and, once he found it, spread it out on his music stand and started to play. The measured melody of the piece had an almost hypnotic effect on him, filling him with both confidence and longing. With the final note echoing tremulously in the air, Sherlock readied another piece. He used to have to play it often, as even the least musically inclined recognised it when they heard it. It wasn't exactly easy to play, although it sounded so simple - "
John had left and... locked him in?
"What did John's other …
Now John looked up to him, a warm smile twinkling in his eye. "Until kingdom come, I presume?"
"It's fine, John," Sherlock assuaged him. "I always get what I ask for. I don't require anything more."
Sherlock had been concentrating on the cigar haze with rapt attention, roughly calculating the chances of catching a little more of it... but now he stared at his lover with big eyes, a combination of shock and fascination in his expression.
"What for?" he echoed. "Do you even know..."
Sherlock did a double-take. "A visitor? For me?" Then something occurred to him: "If the visitor happens to be Mr Holmes... I'm not available," he said, attempting to sound lofty as he gave the directive.
Mike remained silent for a moment in the wake of the shock, but then he ranted: "Are you mental? You can't show up at a funeral in a grey suit!"
"Not to worry," Greg said with a wink. "I'll tell him you tried everything you could to stop me." Then he opened the door to Mycroft's sanctum sanctorum and went in.
He also thought of the
"Oh," Sherlock said, looking up from his food with a stricken, uncertain expression. "I didn't mean to..."
"Are you still coming?" he vaguely heard John's voice. Did he sound worried? A little. Did he sound... aroused? Definitely. And then... before he could say or do anything... a tongue... cool, wet, rough... licking over his penis, and lips sucking gently on his glans.
“John is...” Mike groped for words. “He’s not a bad bloke. It’s just that his temper gets the better of him sometimes, and then...” Mike sighed heavily and took another breath. “I’ve known him long enough. Believe me, Sherlock... he truly does regret what he did. Even if he didn’t say it to you.”
Sherlock's heart skipped a beat. Or at least it felt that way to him. The bedroom spun around him for a moment, and although he was lying down in bed, he felt dizzy. Should he say it now? Should he tell John he loved him? How
"An erectile enhancer wouldn't change the fact that you look like a hirsute ape and your armpits smell like one. And how in the world you fancy that appendage between your legs to be anything other than ridiculous, is truly a mystery to me."
Using gentle pressure, John massaged the delicate area, watching as even more tension leeched out of Sherlock's cramped muscles. The minimal counterpressure that John felt against his fingers told him clearly how much Sherlock was enjoying his touch. John took the opportunity to rub a bit more firmly, luring a soft yet deep, throaty groan from the other man. The vibrations reverberated in John's own groin.
Before he knew it, he was standing in front of the table with the open box. There it was. Silent... almost innocent... his old violin case. Sherlock could virtually hear the metronome and smell the rosin he'd applied to his bow.
"All right, what's wrong with the man?" Lestrade pressed, crossing his arms over his chest.
While the butler prepared the cups with milk and sugar according to each man's preference, Sherlock suddenly spoke to him in French.
"That, my dear Susan, is something that concerns only myself and Sherlock," John answered in a sugary sweet tone, and ended the call.
Sherlock enjoyed the quiet and the warmth of John's thigh against his cheek. He felt so good... so safe and secure. The prince's wand tickled inside him... a constant reminder of the arousing torment, and the painful ecstasy. He was overstimulated, sensitive, and... still greedy for more. But right now, he was enjoying the wait. The slow ramping up of his arousal... the faint echo... It was a delicious feeling... at John's feet... John's hand in his hair... his blood still running hot through his veins and pooling unerringly between his legs... the almost painful pull as his penis hardened... more and more... Sherlock could have sat there forever. He lost all sense of his surroundings... he could barely feel his body anymore... there was only John and the pulsing excitement in his lower body. The heavy throb of his erection. The constant stimulation from the thin metal rod. His hands bound behind his back. The continuous increase in his desire... without any promise of satisfaction... yes, that was what he wanted right now... he wanted to wait... he wanted to put off his deliverance... he wanted to suffer... until he absolutely couldn't stand it any longer... until the torment was too great to bear... then he would beg John to let him come, and John... John would make him wait just a little bit longer...
"Rosebank promised he'd stay on it," Mike said, shrugging. "There's nothing more we can do at the moment."
"I'll talk to Mike tomorrow ... when you come back, you're both getting a pay rise."
John awoke in the middle of the night, the mattress beside him cold and empty. Confused, he clicked on the lamp on the night stand and, to his relief, saw Sherlock sitting in one of the armchairs. He had wrapped his blanket around himself and now turned dully toward the light source. John peeled back his own cover with a vague feeling of disquiet and went over to him.
John gave him a faint smile. "My chauffeur's giving me a lecture on etiquette? I really do only employ back-talkers. Spit it out, Bridges. What's your first name? I promise not to laugh."
Sherlock stared into the darkness of his bedroom. The insight was both shocking and gratifying.
Later, John called Mike, who was still laid out flat with back pains. The doctor was going to have to come to give him another injection.
Sherlock distributed the foamy gel over John's back in slow, circular motions as John arched toward him luxuriantly. The drops of water on John's skin, the wet strands of hair hanging into his face, the little rivulets that formed on his neck and shoulders and ran down over his spine and his scar in cascades that formed and reformed … Sherlock found it all fascinating and arousing. His pulse rate sped up, and a concentrated heat arose between his legs, becoming stronger and stronger.
John watched with satisfaction, letting Sherlock continue for a few minutes. Then, without warning, he slapped his arse hard with the paddle. Sherlock flinched and cried out sharply, rubbing his fingers over the head even faster.
"That could have gone better..." he said to the room in general. "It's a crying shame that our prepared evidence disappeared. Someone's after your head on a stick, Johnny."
John's eyebrows pulled together as he considered. Then he stood up abruptly. "I believe you," he said curtly. "Mike? We're going."
"You didn't eat any of the salmon terrine either," John said, referring to Sherlock's virtually untouched appetiser. "And I don't fancy watching you starve yourself to death."
oooOOOoooOOOoooOOOooo
a matter of time. He left. And he's never coming back and I..." His voice broke, yet he continued on: "And I... I'm going to have to get used to it. I don't want your fake comfort. I don't need your empty words. I need..." He gulped. "It's just so... He gave me so much one moment, and the next... he took it all away... and I... I miss..." He broke off and took a deep breath. "And on top of everything else I'm so bloody
Mike sighed quietly and John nodded.
It was all grating on Sherlock's nerves.
"It's just that... I..." Sherlock hemmed and hawed before making himself speak. "I want a
- architecture and houses in various areas of London
"John? When are you finally coming back?" Sherlock pouted in a nasal tone. "You promised me a fourth round."
' the moment he opened his mouth, but had he really just heard...
... Awful!
“Not so fast...” John reprimanded him with deceptive gentleness.
... needs medical..."
"What kind of shit is that?" John whispered, his voice dangerously quiet. "I never said a word to you - so stop spouting lies right now!"
"That's true," Mike admitted. "Okay. Let's talk about the diamonds."
"I'm thinking!" was the brusque answer, and the silence went on a while longer.
As soon as Mike had left him alone with one last admonition to be careful, Sherlock pressed his hands together and rested the tips of his fingers against his lower lip. His thoughts were racing, processing the information he'd received from Mike.
On the way back to his room, he realised he'd crossed an invisible boundary by visiting the kitchen, invading a territory he had no business in.
"John... what about the gun?" Mycroft asked tentatively. "Fingerprints?" He indicated John's leather gloves with his chin.
However, he fell abruptly silent at that point in his little prepared speech, as there were more men in suits pushing their way into the hall behind John.
Sherlock didn't remember closing his eyes, but when he opened them now, he could scarcely believe them.
"WHAT?"
Sherlock looked down at his hands, the fingers twisted around each other, and relaxed them with an expression of dismay. Mike was coming to see him - he couldn't be allowed to see how agitated Sherlock was inside. The steps had arrived in front of his door, where they stopped.
He was answered with a remarkably stern glare. "Gregory Lestrade... was that an attempt at sexual innuendo?"
"John... are you trying to kiss my
"Please, John," he pleaded once more. "Please... let me come."
He didn't get any further than that.
The urge to see his sperm in orifices at both ends of Sherlock's body at the same time made John's blood run hot. As if he were seized by a fever, he opened his trousers and took out his rigid cock.
"What?" Sherlock squeaked. "Why? I- I did everything precisely as you..."
Sherlock nodded, silent.
Sherlock stared at the note, dumbfounded, until it slipped from between his numb fingers and fluttered gently to the floor.
John's forehead creased and he decided that a little encouragement – or rather, direction – couldn't hurt.
and to
"Do you think you could calm down again?" Sherlock requested. "I'm beginning to seriously worry about your blood pressure."
Was it the deceptive lighting of the summer twilight? Was it just wishful thinking on Sherlock's part? Was it a mirage of light and shadow? Was he the victim of an optical illusion? Or had John's gaze really rested on him lovingly for the bat of an eyelash? On
Sherlock's eyebrows rose in question, as if he didn't understand why.
A dark flame flared in Sherlock's eyes, and he ran the tip of his tongue over his plump lips.
"Sherlock?"
"Yeah," John said, already feeling ashamed for having wished he'd never said those things. It was the truth, after all. And Sherlock deserved to know the truth. It was just that declarations like that were incredibly difficult for John to make ever since... since Victor.
John whimpered.
Lestrade entered the room and heard the door close behind him. His first thought was that it looked like a fairly normal, modern office.
Slowly and very precisely, he dribbled more gel directly onto the tiny opening in Sherlock's penis. Sherlock lifted his head as far as he could, watching the procedure with wide eyes. His pupils dilated when John's fingers closed in on the movable hook. Gently and with great care, John bent the hook in the direction of his glans and positioned the ball directly over the urethral opening. The ball was still a hair's breadth away from its target, and John paused for a moment, during which Sherlock hardly dared to breathe.
Sherlock's breath rattled in his throat.
John watched Sherlock who seemed lost in his own personal head space. His pupils were dilated, his usually sharp gaze glassy and unfocused. John had never seen Sherlock like this and he intended to see him more often in this state.
"You want to take me out?" Sherlock asked quietly. "To an expensive restaurant? With French waiters? With a wine list as thick as a book and an incomprehensible menu without any prices?"
"Wait... something's still missing," John said, reaching between the cheeks of Sherlock's arse. With a practised move, he slowly removed the plug. Sherlock's muscles protested, wanting to keep the invader inside, but finally released it, and Sherlock sighed in relief. His relief didn't last long, however, as he realised to his mortification that John's semen was dripping out of him and running down his thighs. John placed one hand on Sherlock's hip. Sherlock felt that hand tremble, and once again he had the urge to look at John, wanting to know what this was all supposed to mean.
Mike stared at him, utterly bewildered. "Now?"
Only now did he raise his gaze to meet hers. "Do you know, sometimes I ask myself that too," he replied with an uneven grin, which was reflected back by Irene.
This was unusual, even for a brothel, and it awakened John's curiosity. The thought of deflowering a prostitute wasn't without its attractions. He hadn't been anyone's first in quite a long time.
Moran, and he wasn't nourishing any more vipers at his bosom within the mob organization.
The mere thought caused a lust-filled tingling sensation to lance through his groin and genitals.
"Nothing!" Mike reported, but his voice sounded anything but soothing. "He's... fine. Given the circumstances."
Truthfully, Mycroft didn't know what the real answer was. Would he really have contracted a murder? Or had he only said it to put pressure on Greg and force his hand?
John entered his spacious hotel room, followed by Mike Stamford, and booted the first chair he saw across the room with a furious kick.
John had actually almost counted on Sherlock jumping back up, fractious and feisty and hissing like a wounded cat, casting aspersions at the rough treatment, but instead he remained where he lay. At John's feet.
Sherlock closed his eyes with a blissful smile.
"Quite a lot," Mycroft replied easily. "It's par for the course for a man in my position to hear lies all day. From you, Detective Inspector, I would expect to hear the truth."
"Oh fuck..." John muttered, pulling Sherlock's pillow over his face.
"For me?" Sherlock replied, bewildered. "Whatever does he want with me?"
now?"
John came into Sherlock's room and stopped next to his bed.
A whimper lurked deep in Sherlock's throat. Tension... anticipation... expectation... How much pressure would John need to exert to penetrate him with this rod? How far would his urethra be dilated? Would the small, oh-so-familiar slit at the end of his penis be wider at the end of the day? Open? Incapable of closing? At least for a while?
Sherlock's body leaned into John's, nestling subtly against him. "Have you already..." he asked quietly.
"Me?" Sherlock exclaimed with a distinct lack of enthusiasm.
Lestrade couldn't think of a single response to that, so he just inclined his head in a slightly embarrassed nod and asked, "Why did you ask me to come?"
"How long have you been touching yourself?" he asked with playful sternness, but instead of the meek answer he'd half been hoping for, John was confronted with a reproach.
in such vivid colours … now he
"He could have me abducted and then blackmail you," Sherlock objected vehemently, turning halfway back around toward John. "Now that he knows I'm...
"Oh, I see... your lack of response tells me you've just put two and two together." Moriarty sounded pleased. "Good, that puts an end to the tedious introductions. Can we move on to the heart of the matter now?"
“So you finally arrived at the conclusion that my gender doesn't matter?” Sherlock asked huskily, pulling away only slightly, as if worried that if he detached himself from John he would break the spell. “It took you long enough”, he said softly when John nodded, gripping him tighter.
He didn't spend his nights there anymore, but all of his clothing was still stored in the green room. Whenever he got dressed or changed his clothes, his eye was drawn to the open box as if by magic. It was pure torture for him every time, with every glance, to be forcibly reminded of his ruined dreams and the accessory humiliations.
Maybe the time really had come to do the right thing. At least where Sherlock was concerned. John didn't need to overdo it, after all.
"Sherlock, this is insane..."
VIOLENCE (concerning an OC) - MobBoss!John without the kid gloves.
He'd never had a problem with shooting people - especially not when someone was begging for death ... or for their life. But Sherlock... Sherlock was something else. Where Sherlock was concerned, John's usual rules and behaviours evaporated as if they'd never existed in the first place. He couldn't shoot Sherlock. He simply couldn't. But he had to do something - he wouldn't be able to stand hearing Sherlock beg for death again. A desperate laugh lodged itself in John's throat. Beg? When had Sherlock ever begged for anything? It was - as it had always been - a demand.
Sherlock bit his lower lip briefly before meeting John's searching eyes, even if he did so a bit evasively.
Disbelief was sketched firmly on Victor's face, and John felt himself losing patience.
"Because I want you to know..." Mike took a business card out of his breast pocket, went over to Sherlock, and handed it to him. "My card. All of my numbers. My address. I'll let my wife, Susan, know. So you can contact her too if you can't reach me for any reason."
"Okay," Greg said in a subued voice and turned away. He left, his shoulders hanging.
"Drink," John whispered to him.
"Let him go. He's got nothing to do with this!" John demanded in an icy tone.
SwissMiss – who is translating this entire story into English and also acted as a beta reader for this chapter
"I could have," Sherlock admitted with a small sigh. "But... I wanted to do it alone. Well... almost alone." He removed his last article of clothing and stood naked in front of John. An eager gleam came into his eyes. "Still... I did go behind your back. Are you going to punish me now?"
"He isn't MY policeman," Mycroft gritted out before continuing with deliberate superiority: "He's... a detective inspector."
"You poor thing," John said, half teasing and half touched. "So much unnecessary self-control... I actually wanted to come at the same time as you, but your unexpected obedience seems to have thrown a spanner into the works." He ran his fingers playfully over Sherlock's stiff cock. Sherlock whimpered and his hips jerked forward of their own accord. "Really quite remarkable... and completely unnecessary..."
John's jeweller had outdone himself. The shape of Sherlock's favourite plug had been reproduced perfectly. The conical form with its rounded bulges in different diameters brought to mind a rudimentary fir tree. The largest bulge of the plug ended in a narrow handle that was a bit longer than usual, which meant the plug sat deeper in the body than would be the case with other models - and that it thus was better able to reach Sherlock's prostate. The handle was capped by a flat, round handle into which John's initials had been engraved. The high-quality metal which John had insisted on had been additionally plated in gold. John had never bought a more expensive toy than that plug. But if it made Sherlock happy, he wasn't about to regret the expense.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment, but then he went over to the couch directly across from John's armchair and sat down. He reached out for the box and pulled it across the coffee table so it was closer to himself.
– that it would drive me mad. To
John snorted softly. "No, he won't. If I know him, he's up there pacing like a tiger in a cage, flagellating himself because he thinks he put me in a compromising position in front of my guests or some such nonsense."
Without saying a word, Sherlock allowed himself to absorb the effects of all the grandeur, his silent gaze flitting around the room. Strangely, the house was quite similar to his father's. Although the Holmesian residence had never been a loving haven for Sherlock, it hadn't exuded the air of emptiness which greeted Sherlock here - in John's home.
“Admit it, it wasn't enough for you this morning either!” Sherlock demanded. “And admit you're sorry you left me in that state!” Something twitched bodefully under his foot, and Sherlock bit his bottom lip – there was no more clear-cut sign of his desire … aside from his rather impressive erection.
with me to slam my cock up your tight little virgin arse. I want to hear you beg me to give it to you but good. To fuck you into the ground. Hard and fast and without mercy."
A silent nod. Yes, he knew it. Please.
"But you're attracted to both sexes?" Mycroft asked.
Nothing unusual.
? Yes... no... it was like ejaculating without an orgasm... like urinating without fluid... it was like a fuse burning down in slow-motion.
And although he looked used, debased, and miserable - and felt that way as well - he finally understood.
"Fine – what were
lobbyists and
The German version of the story here began its existence on August 8, 2013 when I posted the prologue. In my naiveté, I thought I'd be done with the story in 20 chapters. But then... the monster took on a life of its own... and all of the side plots... the little details... the funny scenes and the plot holes (both real and imagined) took on dimension, and ensnared me so completely that it just grew and grew. On the 5th of February, 2015, the German version was completed. I thought that this was the end. But no! The wonderful SwissMiss volunteered to translate this monster. And so… this English version happened. Thanks to her I was able to torment you with this emotional rollercoaster. Please send her many hugs and kudos and comments for her own stories. She deserves it more than I can say.
Two deep blue eyes sent a grudgingly amused look in Sherlock's direction, and John turned to go.
Sherlock whimpered and moaned incessantly... without pause... crying out for '
, I do mean single. She hasn't got any family, no friends, no pets, no hobbies... at least none she wanted to tell me about. Then I took a look at her file."
Locked in. A cold, hollow feeling spread through his gut.
Sherlock had looked over at John - John, who hadn't left his side once the whole time Sherlock was being examined. He'd reached his hand out to him silently, and John took it and didn't let go.
"Good," Sherlock answered, smiling weakly, which earned him a wondering, appraising look from John. "I wouldn't have liked to leave you."
"I don't know yet. Why do you ask?" Sherlock answered before grimacing in irritation and examining the graves on the other side of the path.
"Insatiable," John murmured, but it sounded more like praise than reproach. "Fine - then you're getting the next size up too. I don't want you to miss out on anything..." The hint of mockery that sounded in his words released a fresh wave of erotic shivers in Sherlock's tormented body.
Mike smiled thinly. "If I'd chosen a different career path, given my education and my knowledge and skill set, I'd be doing pretty much the same things I do now... cheating on taxes, skirting laws, bribing people, buying politicians, doctoring accounts... I'd just be doing it for some big business." Mike shrugged his shoulders too. "It just turned out this way."
"Is it so wrong of me to want to see your face when you see it for the first time?" John cut in gently, and Sherlock - who recognised his own, quite similar desire in the request - understood John better than he could ever know.
The shame of his error threatened to overwhelm him. There was no anger and no adrenaline to make the hurt bearable. There was no lust and no desire to transform the ache into something sensual.
"Happy New Year to you too, Mike." His appraising gaze wandered over Mike's non-existent waist. "Mike... I think you've actually lost some weight. That mini-break at that spa seems to have worked miracles. Or are mattress gymnastics with Susan the reason for the ... two pound loss?" he asked with a boyish wink.
"Lestrade is with you?" John inquired.
"Don't stop," Sherlock said. He was clad only in a pair of pyjama trousers (which hung so scandalously low on his hips that his pubic hair would have been visible if he didn't shave it so meticulously) and leaning against the sink, obviously having listened to John whistling.
"No reason to pout," John commented on seeing Sherlock's expression. "We'll continue in just a moment." He also released the bindings on Sherlock's ankles, turned him around, and pushed him gently down onto the edge of the mattress. "Sit down a sec." He wiped Sherlock's sweaty forehead with the back of his hand and pressed the tips of his fingers carefully against Sherlock's throat to feel his pulse.
The sensation of losing control, of no longer having the reins in his hands, had been a more or less constant presence ever since the unfortunate mayoral election; but since Charlie had been shot, the feeling had become stronger, and he couldn't help comparing it to a noose that was tightening ever more around his neck. John wondered whether he'd be able to pull his head back out in time.
"No - I shot you in the thigh. You must have been out for a bit," John explained, taking a look at the wound. There wasn't much blood. That was good. At least it wasn't pumping out of the entry wound in time with Sherlock's pulse, which John was measuring at his neck. That meant he could virtually rule out an arterial hit. He tore Sherlock's flies open in a single motion, turned him so he was lying half on his stomach, and pulled down his trousers.
"What... what did he say?" Sherlock asked, stunned.
him? He was tired of knuckling under to Mycroft. He was tired of letting himself be tortured by these memories... memories that interfered with enjoying his life with John.
"Are you going to break down now?" Sherlock asked with no more than mild interest. When John remained silent, Sherlock turned over slowly and clumsily. "For the umpteenth time, John... it's just a body... just a shell... nothing that won't heal up perfectly well."
Mycroft opened the attachment to the message, and both men stared at the black-and-white image of a young man, perhaps seventeen years of age. Slim, not very tall, with smooth black hair. Mycroft shrugged.
When John felt the ghost of a touch against his cheek, he opened his eyes just in time to see Sherlock pulling his hand back, looking aghast. Apparently, Sherlock had been about to put his hand on John's head in some instinctual gesture... until he'd realised what he was doing and that it might cross some line and make John angry. John didn't know how he should react. On the one hand, he really wouldn't have stood for being held down and fucked in the mouth... but on the other hand, seeing Sherlock flinch away hurt him more than he would have thought. Following a sudden impulse, he reached for Sherlock's hand and brought it to his shoulder, where, after a brief hesitation, Sherlock grasped the material of John's shirt. The relief that flooded through the trembling body in his lap was clearly evident.
“It won't happen again,” John stated firmly. He looked up at Sherlock, who moistened his lips briefly. It made him seem uncertain.
As Sherlock stood up and took off his trousers, John took a deep breath and tried to stuff his stubborn erection back into his pants. His penis didn't like that idea at all, but John remained insistent, and finally his body bowed to his will, and he began to soften.
It was probably the heat that was making him so suspicious. Then he took a closer look at the ice sculpture. The base was made of white, opaque ice and was probably supposed to depict waves or sea spray; the two figures carved of clear ice that rose out of it looked like...
." He made air quotes as he said it. "Kitchen, laundry, pantry, and so on downstairs. There are a couple of rooms and apartments upstairs that can be accessed by a separate entrance."
"Always so undisciplined..." Greg murmured from above him with a hoarse sigh, and Mycroft's cheeks flushed in shame. Greg's next words cast things in a new light, however: "That is soooo hot," he panted, his fingers flying faster and faster over his hard shaft. "All because of me... how you... lose control for me... God... so... so... hot... yeah... YES!" Greg groaned, and his sperm sprayed all over Mycroft's stomach.
"Sherlock?"
"Sherlock?" he called softly and started to release the bonds around his arms. "Wake up... I'm untying you."
"That was all I was waiting to hear," John murmured against the back of his neck. So soft, so gentle, so caring... in such stark contrast to his implacable thrusts. The wonderful hand on his hard length moved faster, the fingers closed tighter around his hot, pulsing shaft. Sherlock tossed his head back, dug his teeth into his lower lips, clenched his fingers around the rung of the ladder until they cried out in protest. The words
Sherlock realized why a moment later, when he felt the feather-light touch of a finger sliding gently along the underside of his stiff penis. Sherlock leaned his head back with a throaty groan, only to regret it immediately when the pain in his nipples suddenly spiked. Panting, Sherlock tried to re-establish the balance between his chest and his genitals, but he couldn't quite find it anymore. He glared angrily at the opposite wall, cursing John's creativity which had got him into this wonderful situation.
John's eyes widened in surprise. "And you really want to visit someone like that?" he asked curtly.
The tiny hesitation in his last remark cut John to the quick. "No, you're not..." he said softly, stroking the back of his finger over Sherlock's cheek. "
That handkerchief.
"Yeah, that'd be nice."
A quick check of his watch told him that it was still early in the evening, although it seemed the first few guests had already arrived, judging by the laughter and snatches of chatter drifting up the stairs. Miss Adler would be in the lounge with her guests, entertaining them and greeting any new arrivals.
Irene had come to the end of her rope. “All right,” she huffed. “You're bored? Fine. Then you can do the bloody books for me. My tax advisor needs everything by the end of the week.” She got up, walked around her desk, and went toward the door.
"In a... brothel?!"
Silence fell over them once more.
"So?" John said. "What now?"
"How should I?" Holmes responded with a bright, innocent smile, but Greg wasn't fooled. He could see the careful restraint behind the smile.
With a sensuous motion, Sherlock let his shirt slide off his left shoulder. A small, hard, pink nipple appeared, causing John's fingers to twitch. That seductively peaked nipple was all but made to suck on, to lick and nibble. The blood in John's body seemed to grow hotter, his arousal and his anticipation increasing perceptibly. But outwardly, he remained calm. He'd made his plans already, and it was important that he keep the upper hand in the proceedings. He was the one in charge here, and the other man was going to comply.
- "If you please", "You're welcome"
Sherlock couldn't fall back asleep. He was suddenly overcome by the desire for a cigarette and a shower. As he was imagining himself taking a nice, long, hot shower, he realised how thirsty he was. Annoying. If he'd known John was going to lock him in... Sherlock sighed, miffed. He should have anticipated it if he'd really listened to what Mike had said.
Sherlock stopped where he was, baffled. He'd never experienced hunger in John's house - he'd always been given everything he could ever ask for, but never - not once - had anything
Finally, it was time to shower, cleanse himself, get dressed, and do his hair. When Sherlock was done with everything and ready to receive his guest, he went to room seven, which had been reserved by Irene for all of their meetings. Once there, he discovered that he still had half an hour left to wait.
But his bewilderment lasted only a second or so before some very tempting images began forming in his head.
"My pleasure," John said softly and dropped a kiss on one sweat-dampened temple.
It wasn't until Sherlock got to the refrain that John cried out with a laugh: "
"He went home. To his wife. For dinner," Sherlock answered, somewhat disconnected. He was too confused to form more eloquent sentences. "What are you going to do with me?"
The last clear notes of
"Mmhmmm," Sherlock said sleepily. "Since lunchtime."
He closed his eyes and sighed. A decisive cast appeared around his lips, which he pressed firmly together.
And on top of everything... today is my wedding anniversary. According to the internet it's the "opal" wedding in Germany... but wiki tells me in every english speaking country "brass" or "nickel" are the traditional gifts for this wedding and the anniversary itself has no special name.
Irene smirked. "Pretty much everything. Sherlock can be
Sherlock flung his eyes open in shock. He didn't dare look down. Could it be? Could it be that John – John! - was licking his erection with his tongue? Licking him clean? Over and over again?
"Good, isn't it?" John's voice sounded, and although Sherlock had his eyes closed, he heard the amused, eye-twinkling smile in the words.
... that left quite a bit of room for interpretation. He didn't want to send Mike into fits of hysteria, though, so he answered - not entirely truthfully - "Yes, I'm fine."
"So?!" John echoed in dismay. "First of all - if it does end, I'm going to be extremely generous! And second - your idiotic suggestion hurt Sherlock's feelings and I won't stand for that!"
John had told Sherlock some time ago to leave his hands beside him on the bed and not to touch himself. Sherlock had also been very good about it for a while, but now his willpower seemed to be all used up, as his fingers were gripping the expensive sheets like claws – apparently in a desperate attempt to follow John's orders.
An amused grin distended John's lips. "All right … let me tell you something. There's never been a police officer murdered while I've been in charge - unless there was an exchange of fire. I can promise you that with a clean conscience. My counter-demand is that Scotland Yard's budget not be raised anytime in the forseeable future. No pay raises either, as far as possible. Order some budget cuts. A salary freeze. The boys are going to get too pricey for me otherwise."
- what do you have to say in your defence?" Susan demanded. "How could you do something like this to that poor boy?"
"Yes, why not?!" Mike interjected at this point, clearly aggravated. It was obvious that the sleepless night and not being able to reach John had grated on his nerves.
"Fuck me?" Sherlock echoed, raising one eyebrow... albeit with some effort. "I don't see very much of that at the moment."
Sherlock couldn't deny his curiosity upon setting foot in the latter room. Whereas he'd kept his hands clasped behind his back up to this point, they now moved with a kind of restlessness … gliding over the soft leather of the seats, touching the smooth wooden surface of the desk, stroking the spines of the countless books … only to discover something.
"And you want to feel it again, do you?"
" he mocked. "Mabel, you're forgetting: that...
"And now you're..." Sherlock paused. Something in him refused to complete the statement, refused to place '
Sherlock's fingers clamped down around his erection, practically in a frenzy. He lowered himself, sat down on his heels, and inhaled sharply through his teeth when the sore skin of his buttocks came into contact with his feet. The rigid flesh between his fingers twitched happily anyway, and Sherlock began to jerk himself off.
Pictures?
John noticed, however, that a distant expression came into Sherlock's eyes the moment that one little word passed his lips – although his voice remained calm, collected, and businesslike. John respected people who knew how to keep their mind on business. But still ... that lost look ... it struck him somehow ... and somewhere close.
"Go into the kitchen, Thomas. Don't let Eleanor and Mrs Turner out of your sight, and don't open the door to anyone," John ordered in a voice that seemed to come from very far away. Thomas nodded soberly. "Is anyone else in the house?"
"Obviously," Sherlock commented dryly. "And that's one of my additional assets. I'm not only brilliant when it comes to blow jobs. I can take quite a beating without making a fuss."
"Oh, that's easy. Since I always check through the invoices, I know how much salary is paid to each employee. Anthea earns good money, but not good enough to be able to replace that knock-off
"Give it here," Mike cursed under his breath and tore the mobile out of her hand before she could even finish saying good-bye. But instead of telling him off, a small, dreamy smile played at the corners of her mouth.
Although ... it would mean less trouble. And if there was something he could use at the moment, it was less trouble. Getting rid of his bit of fluff had kicked up quite a lot of dust, and the amount that Inspector Dimmock had demanded to make sure the investigation ran into a dead end rather than directly to him was frankly exorbitant.
All the others thought of themselves first – John always thought of Sherlock first.
But Sherlock just gave him a blank look. "Who's Victor?"
Charlie's capture meant one less thing for John to worry about, and hopefully Albright would keep his filthy mouth shut. Over the last few days, the borough boss hadn't held back on the issue, and had badmouthed John to the other members of the
. A non-aggression pact, if you will."
"What were you thinking?"
Sherlock swallowed for a third time before releasing John, who moaned from between his clenched teeth and didn't know whether Sherlock stopping was a good thing, or whether he should spank him so hard for it that he wouldn't be able to sit for three days.
Sherlock got a peculiar gleam in his pale eyes. “Now? I mean … like this?”
"That's ridiculous!" Irene cried, laughing a bit.
John stopped.
close," Sherlock whimpered.
Gregory Lestrade descended the stairs behind him, taking in the situation with a single look.
John could tell that Sherlock was trying hard not to sound
A shake of his head. No. Sweat running off his forehead.
"WHAT?" John was now completely lost.
Astonishment and merriment brightened Lestrade's face. His mouth split into an incredulous laugh. "YOU? That was
"John..." he croaked hoarsely.
- London's City Hall, including the design, architecture, layout, and nickname amongst London's inhabitants, along with the views from the Lord Mayor's office
Sherlock shrugged hesitantly, making it appear like a gesture of embarrassment. “What can I say … I was bored and I wanted to contribute something to my upkeep.”
"Sherlock?" John said, giving him a look that contained both question and warning. But at least he was letting him continue. Sherlock decided to press his advantage and grab the bull by the horns.
"It was worth a try," Mike said, slightly insulted. "Why are you looking at me like that?"
When John stated his offer, it was Irene's turn to break out in tinkling laughter. "Oh no," she cried, still laughing. "Not a chance. That doesn't even cover half of what he'd normally bring in for me."
That's when he knew it was over. He let himself sink deeper into the pillows, completely drained, pulled the cover half over himself, and fell asleep immediately.
"You need new people, Moran?" John asked.
"You're too good to me, Doc," she purred, almost teasing him. "You could have had it that way all along without making so much trouble for me."
That was the second time Sherlock had thanked him in that tone of voice, and it was still unfamiliar to John's ears.
“Keep your hands on your neck where I can see them,” John ordered him hoarsely, trying to push deeper into Sherlock. Dammit – he wanted to come … as erotic as this position was, it was completely impractical for a quick climax. He snuck a look at his watch. He didn't have much time left. He'd have to think of something.
They'd been hiding in the shelter of the McKenzie Pavilion for a while now, and had been able to observe John arrive, only to promptly be swallowed up by the earth. They'd then seen the three men leave the field for the protection of the hedges.
But these tears were falling for the wrong reasons. These tears shouldn't arouse John as much as they did. It therefore wasn't easy for him to do the right thing and rein in the lust that was flaring up in him. He didn't want to think about why he was exercising such caution. He'd come a long way – actually acting respectful toward a whore who was being paid to be used, after all ... no matter what the circumstances might be. Sherlock was certainly used to worse.
. How could Sherlock be so perfect overall, given all of his contradictions?
"Why don't you try a professional again?" Mike said in a deliberately casual tone. But one dark look from John had him backpedalling. "I mean, at least those blokes know what they're doing. Maximum fun, minimum trouble." When Mike saw that John continued to look sceptical, he added, "At least for a little while – until something else comes along to keep your bed warm on a more long-term basis. At least consider it, Johnny. And while you're at it, think about us. You're not exactly easy to get along with when you're like this. So get back in there and treat yourself to something special tonight."
John stared at him, speechless. It took a moment for him to gather his wits and be able to respond.
, though.
Secretly, John knew that was an empty threat. He'd let himself be manipulated by Sherlock anytime, simply because he didn't have the heart to sabotage Sherlock's efforts and ignore his little tricks, thus disappointing all his hopes. Why did this young man get under his skin the way no one else before him ever had? Other than maybe... Victor... back then... Victor had got under his skin like that. But John didn't want to think about Victor right now. Victor was the past. Sherlock was the present. And it was good that way.
"That was a miserable performance, Sherlock," John reproached him, playing at being dissatisfied. "But I'll give you one more chance to do better. In fact..." he noted, drawing out the words, "we'll keep at it until you've learned to hold still."
John had his credit card in his hand before he'd so much as set foot in the shop.
“You... don't you dare start crying!” John yelled, agitated. “Look at me when I talk to you. Look at me and tell me – to my face! - tell me you don't want to come with me.” John couldn't have handled tears right now … his self-control was hanging by a thread as it was. If he saw tears running down Sherlock's cheeks on top of everything else, he'd jump on him and rip every shred of clothing off his body. Why the hell did tears have to have such an arousing effect on him?
“Then what do you want to do?”
Although he tried not to let it show, Sherlock was looking forward feverishly to his upcoming appointment with John. Ever since noon, he kept checking every available clock, accusing them of running behind or being broken and having stopped altogether.
Franco shifted from one leg to the other. "Didn't use to bother you," he said. "Doc's bent himself."
The only place he didn't want Sherlock to be.
Tonight's events probably wouldn't entirely put an end to Doc Watson, but they would take a heavy toll.... he might even be down for the count. Jim smiled. It wouldn't take much longer.
Violet turned her head and graced her sleeping son with a look that was filled with love.
Lyrics:
"No! That one's to be deleted too!" Mycroft blurted out in horror. "I must have completely lost my mind..." he said, half to himself.
Sherlock gave John a searching look. "Has he seen worse?" he asked, nodding toward the door. "He didn't seem particularly horrified."
“Yes, erm... I’d like to make an appointment.”
"Exactly," John cut in, giving Sherlock a sharp look. "How did you figure it out?"
On the morning of the second day, he woke to a hard-on between his legs and the vague memory of an extremely erotic dream. Remembering his promise to John, he took a cold shower, which eradicated the problem in record time.
Holmes looked him over, unimpressed. "You're not seriously telling me you knew nothing of all this?"
Sherlock felt blindly for the door handle, happening upon it more by chance than intention. He nestled his head into the crook of John's neck with a satisfied yawn.
When John made a notation in his day planner one day, he was shocked to realise that Sherlock had been living under his roof for over four weeks already.
John wanted to share his life with him. Truly share it.
"Thank you for making time on such short notice," Mycroft Holmes said after glancing over his shoulder, managing not to sound the least bit grateful.
"No," Mike stated with a bitter smile. "He ran away. Without a word of warning, although he did leave a note. He left the flat they shared... just gone. Like on the telly. John..." He hesitated, but then he continued: "John was pretty broken up about it."
Or someone else?
Cover by
Sherlock complied silently and with sensual grace. He seemed to want to communicate solely through his eyes ... they spoke of heat, arousal, and willingness, and the sight of such fiery passion nearly took John's breath away.
"Yeah, those are real," John said, smiling as well. "You're free to use any of them - same as you're free to use anything in the house."
“How should I know?” Irene exclaimed hotly. “Crossword puzzles, sudoku, stamp collecting, crocheting lace doilies...”
"Mr Watson... our meeting isn't for another hour," Moran remarked. His expression became more full of foreboding yet also more alert with every word.
Sherlock whined.
Now... are there any detectives among my readers?
“Close together,” Sherlock completed the thought before becoming quite still. “Close-set eyes, square jaw, blond hair,” he repeated Kitty’s description of the mysterious man who’d met with Charlie White.
Deep, hard thrusts, sending Sherlock into a fit of ecstasy and allowing him to forget the insufficient air supply. He felt John rear back one last time, the final swelling, the increase in pressure and then... a cry … a flood against his gums and palate … Sherlock relaxed his throat, fended off his gag reflex and felt John release hot and heavy inside him.
He had been so alone ... he owed John so much... a single lifetime would probably never be enough to express his gratitude. But he could try.
themuller made a lovely fanart for chapter 33! (Will upload it there too and in the “Cover Arts” here on Ao3)
Brick after brick... formed into oval archways and massive, stocky pillars that rose up out of low walls, extending yard after yard in surreal symmetry until they were swallowed up in impenetrable blackness.
Sherlock ignored her, hoping they wouldn't be thorough enough to find his butt plug, which exerted a very pointed reminder just then as he crossed his legs. He tried not to show any reaction, instead directing his gaze out the window of the moving vehicle.
Good one, John. Good one.
It would be brilliant, sure, and satisfying for them both... but this was not about him... not even about
"Who? Oh... of course I know who you are, Mr Sigerson..."
John shrugged. "Aren't we past these little games?" he retorted, keeping his voice equally low.
"Of course I do," Sherlock said lightly. "Let it out on me. You'll feel better afterwards."
"God, John!" Sherlock struggled for words, fought for his sanity, all the while trying to swallow his pride. "You
Patrick raised his eyebrows. "You speak bloody good English for a Russian."
"Then everyone before me was an idiot," Sherlock remarked dryly. "Which leads me to doubt your intelligence and your powers of judgment just a bit. At least in regards to your taste in men." He rested his head on John's shoulder and snuggled up to him. John's arm wrapped itself around Sherlock's narrow back, as if on its own. It felt so good and so right, like nothing before in his life had ever felt. He blinked a little too hard in order to get rid of the excess moisture in his eyes. He must have got some dust in them.
"You've never penetrated anyone... how do you know whether it's something you might not enjoy?"
And if they weren't talking about him... well... then this was a unique opportunity to set things straight. It still bothered him that John had glossed over the true nature of their relationship in front of Mycroft. It was high time to come clean with his
"Naked and... ready, as I see," John continued hoarsely once Sherlock was facing him.
"Very good, Mr Watson," the butler said impassively, bowing slightly. "May I clear the dishes? Was everything satisfactory?"
Mycroft Holmes closed his eyes for a moment in disgust.
"WHAT?!"
"That's something at least," Lestrade retorted dryly.
When John told him to pull up his knees and place the soles of his feet on the mattress, he complied without a single word or derisive comment.
To John, each one of Sherlock's kisses felt – as unlikely as it sounded - as if they were the first ones for this incredible man he was holding in his arms - which had at some point wrapped themselves around the body kneeling before him without him even thinking about it. As Sherlock sucked on his tongue, John kicked himself mentally for being such an idiot.
"So, a straight cut, right?" John returned the conversation to the original topic. Sherlock nodded mutely. "It's a good thing I've brought a cutter along in that case."
Sherlock shot him a rather condescending look. "
Translation by the amazing SwissMiss!
"All right. What are you thinking?" he finally asked, coming to the point.
The soft cotton ropes on his wrists, bound to the bedposts on both sides, held his arms in an outstretched position and made it impossible for him to touch himself. Whether intentionally or not.
If you have any other thoughts you'd like to share, please send me an email: Lorelei_Lee@web.de.
“I lived on the street, John. I used drugs in order to be able to stand it, and I sucked anyone and anything that was put in my mouth to pay for my habit. I'd hit rock bottom.” He paused, bit his lower lip again, and then continued, a bit softer: “And I didn't care. I wouldn't have survived the next winter... I didn't care about that either. And then... then Irene found me and took me in. She... saved me. As clichéd as that might sound.” Sherlock crumpled John's handkerchief between his fingers, then smoothed it out on his thigh, only to crumple it up again.
"No, no, no," Sherlock broke in vehemently. "Don't go checking with John! Didn't you just recently give a rather moving little speech to the staff in which you instructed them to follow my orders? Without checking back with John?"
"Maybe I should put an ashtray under you," John mused out loud, going over to the cabinet where they kept their meagre stores of alcohol. John's momentary absence (and the concomitant absence of the cigar) were a bitter loss for Sherlock, and he felt his body quivering after John like the needle of a compass. He watched as John poured himself a glass of cognac, then returned to him with the glass in his hand. The snifter was then set on the side table. The amber-coloured liquid splashed a little in its receptacle, wetting the glass in a elliptical arc. Then John went into the kitchen, and when he returned he had two ashtrays in his hand. He placed one beside the cognac glass on the side table. The ashtray which Sherlock had '
"No more interruptions!" John barked, not sparing so much as a glance for his men. He knew his orders would be carried out.
"Of course I have," John replied with a small, rather unpleasant smile. "I like to know about things I regularly stick my dick into."
Why that one in particular? No special reason … I think it's probably easy to whistle and ‘
John was still rubbing the end of the third sound over his opening, rubbing and rubbing, leaving Sherlock empty and wanting. The emptiness was horrible. Sherlock wanted to beg, but the words got stuck in his throat. Finally... renewed pressure against his hole... the stretch... unbearable... wonderful... then the sound slid inside part way, burning like fire, filling the emptiness... but not completely... Sherlock needed more... wanted to feel it... deeper... the sweet pain of the stretch... the agonising tightness.
"I thought you knew..." Mike explained tensely.
"What are you talking about, John?" Mike returned at the same volume. "You know how much I love to get yelled at by you, but not unprovoked! Not without a reason! I only meant well after you stood there and acted like a … like a … plantation owner."
“Yes, that’s about the size of it,” Mike agreed. “Are there any further questions?”
As soon as the door closed behind him, John set his cup down on the coffee table with a loud clatter.
"I've simply never been good with sharing my toys," he responded coolly.
The full lips parted in surprise. "Because of me?" Sherlock blurted out. "You fired him because of ME? It's my fault we have to drink this miserable coffee?"
"No reason to be afraid," John placated him immediately, using a calm voice. "I know what I'm doing. Trust me. It won't hurt." John waited, not moving until Sherlock gave his permission with a barely noticeable nod of his head. It wasn't difficult for John to slide the ring over the top of his penis and place it in the correct position. The effect of the small, innocuous piece of metal was immediate – the slight pressure caused the blood to pool in his glans, making it swell further. Sherlock's thighs began to quiver.
A smile brightened John's face, and he stood up from his desk to shake Mike's hand.
Mike had to swallow a grin. "Slutty secretary? He would have liked that." Both men fell silent for a moment before Mike went on: "He said you should go to sleep. It'll probably be pretty late before he can get rid of the gang."
"No," Sherlock agreed, yet he still felt off-balance. Had he said or done something wrong?
... it was going to end, permanently. Fate truly did hate him. But this time he wasn't going to take it sitting down. This time he wasn't going to give up. This time he had something worth fighting for.
"Always," Sherlock answered without hesitation. "Always."
any time now."
"You're not armed, Moran," he said, shaking his head with false regret. "Shame. You might have had a sliver of a chance otherwise. And if you're thinking of attacking one of my men or even me on the off chance that a wild shot might kill you straight away... nice idea. Truly," John insisted. "But... somehow... not all that well thought out. My men have strict orders not to kill you. Oh, they'll shoot you, don't worry - if you're really stupid enough to try such a harebrained scheme - but they won't shoot to kill. They'll shoot to stop you and put you out of commission. No more and no less," he concluded with an icy smile.
Sherlock let out a throaty moan and nodded enthusiastically. In the wake of the tender care he'd been receiving recently, his body and spirit were both thirsting for a change... for harder, more strenuous attention.
"Yes."
Sherlock sobbed when he felt the emptiness inside his erection. The desire to have that emptiness filled again immediately both shocked and excited him. The cold of the fresh lubricant gel, the coolness of the next sound against his glans... the pressure on his opening... stronger this time...
John retracted his tongue and ran it across his own teeth in order to loosen up the muscles after the unaccustomed exertion, only to make a face which Sherlock, fortunately, couldn't see. Not that he had anything against Sherlock's own flavour, but the lubricant gel tasted terrible... and yet... if it enabled him to reduce Sherlock to a whimpering, quivering, snivelling heap of desire within mere seconds... he'd do it again in a heartbeat.
"Good," Sherlock said with a short sigh, lifting his head from John's shoulder to look at him. "Then I have something to look forward to," he whispered, and pressed his lips to John's mouth in a brief and unexpectedly sweet kiss.
He was alone with his disgrace and his pain.
Sherlock was taller than him, but John could be quite intimidating when he wanted. More important and more dangerous men than this whore had backed down when he'd flipped his inner switch and given free rein to his mob boss personality. Most of his adversaries got scared and started to shake as if they'd been hit by a blast of icy air. John liked that reaction. He revelled in it, in fact.
John licked his upper lip nervously. Why wasn't Sherlock saying anything? Did he not like it? Of course, he didn't and was just too polite to say anything. No, stop... since when was Sherlock polite? But he'd probably expected a more... romantic present for the occasion. Okay, that was a little... weird. After all, they weren't in a romantic relationship and...
,’ since both of us know that can’t possibly be true,” he added sternly.
"Unusual name, don't you think?"
In the meantime, Jacques and Thomas had approached the group to take their jackets and coats.
He looked around. The space next to him in the bed was empty, and he couldn't see or hear John anywhere.
Above him, John groaned, and Sherlock closed his eyes in pleasure. He could still taste a hint of musk and John's shower gel, but soon... His head was yanked back roughly, and Sherlock gave a lust-filled moan.
Mike was already slightly out of sorts when he set foot in the entry hall of John's house. Susan was making life miserable for him because he wanted to go with John to Harwich. Although... '
When they finally stood in front of the door to their new bedroom, Sherlock's stomach fluttered with nerves.
English:
Even if he didn't intend to allow Sherlock into his bed all the time, there would still be the sound of another person breathing in the dark somewhere.
"Hmmm yessss..." Sherlock sighed, bent his head back and stretched his entire body in a luxuriant, sensuous move.
"Cooper's right," Jack tossed out. "I'm all right with a poofter for a boss. But that Sigerson was too much..." He shook his head in disgust, rubbing the backs of his hands. "Wanker bit me too. Hope I didn't catch anything from him. Who knows what diseases and shit they've got."
Pensive and wondering, he listened to John breathing, felt the rustling of the expensive Egyptian cotton sheets on his naked skin, and was hardly able to comprehend his luck.
"Because I'm not going to do that again until you don't pull a face when you sit down even though you've got two cushions on your chair."
"He'll have got someone to speak for him," John dismissed the objection. "At least I would have."
John tried to find a comfortable position on the back seat, only to give up after a while. He was much too keyed up. His decision to go to Mike's was spot on. What he needed now was to spend an evening with his friends. Just Mike, Susan, and himself... a couple of glasses of Chianti and Susan's delectable spaghetti Alfredo, made the way only she could make it. Just to get away from everything for a couple of hours. To pretend, just for a couple of hours, that they were all still 25 years old ... full of plans... full of hopes... full of confidence.
"Why did you want to beat up Albright anyway?" Sherlock asked into the darkness.
Yes, that was more or less the reaction he'd expected. It didn't bear thinking what might have happened if that fury had been directed at an innocent party...
"Not helping," Sherlock hissed, wriggled his arse around a bit against his heels and groaned softly. "What happens... if I ... if I don't make it?" he gasped, turning his bleary gaze to John as he continued to pump his stiff shaft with rapid movements.
"You..." he said in a menacing tone, pointing at Sherlock. "I'm not through with you."
But Sherlock didn't respond. Instead, his face contorted in a grimace of pain.
"Mycroft ... this man - your
"You probably have an anal fissure; there are special suppositories and creams for that... I have them both here, and..." John's voice cracked and he had to swallow hard. The full force of his guilt hit him just then. He pulled his hands away, took the glove off, and rubbed his eyes. "Why are you still here... you... you said if it happened again, you'd leave." It was obviously difficult for John to say it out loud.
John didn't answer.
"A special lubricant," he explained, indicating the tube. Then he picked up the spray. "A special disinfectant." Without any warning, he sprayed the cool liquid on the head of Sherlock's penis, eliciting a shocked groan.
Mycroft was just taking a breath to lend a little more weight to the final sentence of his speech when a dull bang ripped through the air. He felt both the initial shockwave and the aftershocks in his chest - it was like an especially loud firecracker. The ice sculpture shattered into thousands of pieces, glittering in the light of the myriad lamps like a crystalline rainfall. The floor shook as if there were an earthquake. Mycroft watched helplessly as a large chunk of ice from the sculpture hit Gregory Lestrade on the side of his head, and the Inspector collapsed onto the ground.
Dave shrugged as if he weren’t sure whether to agree or not.
Sherlock faltered. "Maybe..." he answered warily.
Right then, at that moment, the universe finally smiled on John Watson. Before he was forced to focus on that question more thoroughly and stir up his psyche any further, something vibrated in his trouser pocket.
"Yes, dammit! It bloody well is!" John roared, and Mike was alarmed to see a vein pop out on his temple – which only happened when he was in a towering rage.
"I did. Your tailor wasn't interested in hearing it."
"Marcus," Dave said, grinning in surprise. "Marcus Finney. Thanks, boss."
"Why? Because he..." Mike was struck dumb for a moment. "Because he's doing as much work as an accountant," he explained firmly. "It's only fair he be paid for it."
"You really didn't anticipate she'd throw you out?" Mycroft asked after a short while.
"No one else knows what I'm about to tell you. I've never even shared it with Mummy. When Father had his car accident, I was close by... I was working whilst attending university, and I happened to... but that's all irrelevant..." Mycroft took a deep breath, and Sherlock caught himself listening with bated breath. "Sherlock... I got to the hospital in time."
John snorted softly. “I'm going to tell you exactly the same thing now that I wanted to tell you five minutes ago. And nothing that you've said or done in the meantime has changed anything about it.” His fingers disengaged from Sherlock's hair.
John burst out laughing. "No - good God, no. He has a wife and his own house. I wouldn't have a moment's peace otherwise." John sighed. "He means well. And if I hadn't had him... I don't know if I'd be here today. Anyway, he was the one who told me to go to Miss Adler's that night."
"You're still wearing too much. Pants too...
A broad grin spread across John's face. "You're not just my chief accountant, you're also my..."
The blackness behind his blindfold.
"Andandandandand?" Sherlock blurted out excitedly, grabbing at the lapels of John's jacket with both hands.
Cooper shoved a cigarette between his lips and lit it. "It's Doc's own fault. He shouldn't've brought that fairy into his house."
“R-rub my... my man... my man-clit, please,” Sherlock mumbled obediently, bucking his hips helplessly. The blush on his pale skin had spread to his chest and his nipples were deliciously small, hard pebbles.
"I didn't send anyone.
"Oh, pardon me, Mr Watson," he announced in his usual cool voice, dropped the seductive pose and stood up straight. "I didn't know you had company."
And it wasn’t like he hadn’t noticed the size of Sherlock’s penis. Of course he had. Sherlock wasn’t very well-endowed. If John were being completely honest, Sherlock’s penis was small. Not small as in
"All right, fine," Mycroft was forced to agree, but he didn't sound very happy about it.
Sherlock saw John's finger move, heard the click, and knew what that meant. And yet his only reaction was to say in a flat tone, "Go ahead and shoot!"
While he was considering the puzzle Sherlock presented him, his gaze wandered slowly over Sherlock's nude form. After a short while, he realised that Sherlock enjoyed the visual inspection, as his previously soft penis began to fill with blood and stiffen, slowly but surely.
Another, somewhat more grim smile pulled at John's lips. But it passed when he asked Sherlock to pull back the covers and lie on his side so he could continue his examination. It wasn't until that moment that John comprehended the scope of what he himself had done to Sherlock... and that he had committed a grievous sin against him as well.
This is an important announcement. I will delete the german version of this story tonight.
Then he turned back to his invoices, as it wasn't in his nature to keep kicking his opponent when he was down.
"I hope the next generation of Scotland Yard's finest are trained better than that," Holmes continued, still smiling. "Now what about the preparations for the summer charity ball?"
"Why should that be of any relevance?" Sherlock replied with a distinct lack of interest.
Mycroft stood, and John did as well.
"That was just the beginning," John said softly, let the thin piece of metal drop casually onto the tray, and took the next one out of the dish. He dribbled some more gel onto the head of Sherlock's penis and rested the end of the rod against the opening. "Ready?" he asked, only to let the sound slide into the hole without waiting for an answer.
Mike snorted and hissed from between clenched teeth: "We'll have to speak about that later!"
"Hmm... my full name," Greg whispered. "I like when you do that."
Kenneth opened one of the binders and paged through it hastily.
"Until tonight," John said in a low voice, tugging a little on a lock of hair behind Sherlock's ear. "Don't get into any mischief, and be good."
she's been wearing for months with a real
John had struck a chord in him, making it ring out like no one else before him. Others had tinkered with that chord before ... beginners, experts, dilettantes, wannabe doms, brutal sadists, tender lovers. But none of them had succeeded in playing it with such virtuosity, bringing all the shades of pitch into harmony – or even creating any kind of melody at all. Never before had Sherlock felt so abused and at the same time so well taken care of. So humiliated and so worshipped. Something had been missing with all the others. Not with John. He gave him everything. Everything he needed. It was a heady feeling. When John was with him, he could forget himself – and that was the best part.
And then there was John...
Greg turned away, suppressing a sigh. He'd certainly come a long way. Now even waiters were wrinkling their noses at him.
"Are we almost there?" John asked after a while.
Before Sherlock could so much as utter a hoarse "Oh God! Yes!", John held the cigar out under Sherlock's nose. The aroma of the wrapper promptly enveloped him, and he could scarcely think of anything else. Cocoa, cream, and vanilla tickled his scent receptors, and a certain sweetness reminiscent of marshmallow made his mouth start to water again.
"The mob," Greg stated flatly, although he was certain that Holmes knew damn well what he was talking about. "The lads are knocking each other off left and right, and having a field day doing it. If it weren't summer already, I'd say Doc Watson was doing some spring cleaning."
Watson, but John "007" Watson. John had changed his clothes, but he wasn't wearing the military costume Sherlock had expected; rather, he had on his best, most elegant suit, the one he'd bought specifically for the occasion when he and Sherlock had been invited to Downing Street.
The only reason he'd been able to maintain his position at the head of the
"Delicious, isn't it?" Sherlock remarked in passing.
But when Sherlock sat up again, gave him a baleful look and said in all seriousness, "Your shoe polish tastes horrendous. If you want me to do that again, I'd be obliged if you'd switch brands," John's incipient arousal reverted easily into amusement.
"Why is he still saying
"A good doctor?" he asked, one eyebrow cocked and nostrils flared. "You never get tired of that innuendo, do you?"
"Give the man a prize," was all John said as he passed Mike on the way to the door.
"No!" Sherlock cried out immediately. "No... everything's... everything's fine... I... go on. Please!"
"In the course of which, I was made aware of his rather … ahem...
Greg didn't really know what to make of that. He'd simply wanted to find out something about Sherlock Holmes because...
"Figure it out," John answered, provocation underlying his words, and took two steps into the room. The spicy sweet fragrance of cedar wood billowed out from his clothing in a gentle cloud of scent, becoming intense as it went up Sherlock's nose. The typical aromas of tobacco, still infused with the fresh moisture of a cooled climate chamber, mingled with the faintly dusty air of their living room. Sherlock hungrily breathed in the telltale signs of an exclusive tobacco shop.
John sighed softly. "Sherlock..." he said with a slight shake of his head. "So I can go out with you sometime, for example. I'd really like that."
(General information in English: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cigar#Composition)
“WHAT?”
"Mary Morstan," she answered with that same cold smile. "Does that mean anything to you? The mayor's PA?" When Sherlock shook his head mutely, wondering why his brother was sending his secretary after him and how Mycroft already knew he'd left the house, Mary Morstan took a gun out of the pocket of her coat. She flashed it at him quickly and tucked it back in. "You may know me better under my real name... Mary
"The employees of the catering service responsible for transporting the ice sculpture were found dead in the courtyard behind the company. They were hidden beneath some cardboard boxes and wearing only their underwear."
John had absolutely no response to Sherlock’s half-arrogant smile which was paired with a wicked look from under long lashes. He took the ring between his thumb and forefinger and pulled, soft but steady. The effect was spectacular.
The room smelled like damp plaster - oddly dusty and fresh at the same time; like glue - sweet and stale; and the sharp fumes of paint and varnish assaulted his nose as well. The untreated wooden planks on the floor were covered with a thick plastic tarp that felt smooth and cool on his bare feet. As soon as the parquet was laid, it would smell like fresh wood in here too. Sherlock was looking forward to kneeling on the precious tropical wood (the import of which was actually prohibited, meaning the delivery - thanks to John's connections - had made the parquet company break out in a cold sweat) and licking John's cock.
Sherlock's lips parted, but he had no strength left to scream. His throat felt like it was closed off.
In a completely twisted way, everything that Mycroft was telling Sherlock now made sense.
. But none of that mattered in the end. Sherlock had given John his heart, and that thought alone, strangely, filled him with an almost surreal peace.
"I thought that was rather obvious."
John listened to the entire sermon in a state of speechlessness. When Sherlock was apparently finished, he burst out, “When exactly did they fill your brain with shit? What the hell is going on here?! I've bought you out, and you're giving me my marching papers?! Three days ago you were completely normal!”
." He delivered the final words with so much scorn that Moriarty shrank back a bit, although still keeping the muzzle of his pistol pressed against Sherlock's temple.
"Oh," Mike said. "Sherlock... is... is everything all right with you? Should I... Can I do something for you?"
Mike didn't care a bit. "Turned it off?" Mike took a quick breath before remembering the mayor was present and settled for: "Are you insane?!" in order to express his outrage.
John felt very cold at Sherlock’s carefully unaffected manner because there was no denying: Sherlock was more than a little bit crestfallen although he tried to hide it. John knew him well enough to see through the false bravado. Sherlock had opened up about something deeply personal, placed his trust in John and John had stomped on it. There was no other way to put it. Stomped. Like a stupid, idiotic elephant.
"Take what you need," John murmured between two kisses, licking Sherlock's neck with his tongue.
"Hi," Greg said once he was inside Mycroft's office.
John gave Sherlock a pleading look before enclosing Sherlock's hand with his fingers in an affectionate gesture.
The walls, the drapes around the bed, and the sheets composed a symphony in blue, contrasting sharply with the dark wood of the bed, which was flanked on either side by two matching nightstands, each with its own lamp.
Mycroft dug his fingers into the armrests and fixed his brother with a penetrant glare.
"It was a perfect first time," Sherlock insisted. "And now stop with your needless self-castigation! What would you have done differently? Hm? Would you have wooed me? Courted me?" he asked sarcastically. "With flowers and chocolates? Candlelight dinners in quaint, secluded French restaurants? Romantic walks in the park? Holding hands even? Bashful kisses behind the rose bushes? Would you have read me poetry? Or maybe even written some yourself? Was that your plan?" Sherlock took a deep breath and sent John a penetrating look. "If so - then I'm sorry to be the one to tell you that we never would have ended up having sex, as the entire affair would have bored me to death. I would have hated every moment of it with a passion."
"That's right," John agreed cheerfully. "Me and Mike … and you."
The blue that Sherlock had chosen was the same shade as the sky on the day Sherlock had played his violin again for the first time in years. When he saw the delicate play of colour, Sherlock's heart felt as light as it had that day when he'd lain in the grass looking up at that deep blue sky.
"We can't just lie around here sniggering like schoolboys," John finally said breathlessly. "We just had sex."
After that, Mycroft had stubbornly cloaked himself in silence and Sherlock had tried to forget the entire incident – with less than stellar success.
"What's so funny anyway?" John asked with a dubious grin.
"Yeah, right," John replied with a snort. "I thought you'd say that. That's what they all say." He ran a hand over his hair. "All I meant was... if you think you've found a cheap source for your addiction, you're barking up the wrong tree. There's no way I'm going to shunt any free samples your way. But..." He sighed and smoothed down his hair again. "But before you shoot up with any of that shit they sell on the streets, I'd rather you come to me."
Sherlock's ardent moans were muffled by the mattress even as his legs spread further apart as if of their own accord.
However, her words didn't have the desired effect on Sherlock. Instead of coming alive again and looking forward to the future with renewed hope, he became angry.
Sherlock. How could he have forgotten?
Sherlock bit down on his lower lip and whispered hopefully after a few seconds, "Please?"
The other man was blond and had a slight Cockney accent when he spoke: "If you'd just follow us, please..." Then he pulled back his jacket far enough for Mycroft to get a brief look at the gun in his shoulder holster.
“Well, then... good luck.” She sent John off with obvious doubt in her voice, which only caused him to frown in bewilderment.
The last statement sounded a little like a defensive mechanism to John - like a misdirection from the truth. Still, it was the first thing he responded to.
for so long was because he placed a certain value on proceeding with a cool head and not making too much trouble with the law. That was precisely the reason why he was against any targeted murders of police officers. He knew perfectly well: kill a cop and a thousand other cops would set heaven and earth in motion trying to catch you... whether it be for tax evasion or an unpaid parking ticket.
"Mama," he whispered into her neck.
"Mycroft, you can stop the heavy breathing," Sherlock's voice issued forth contemptuously from the speaker.
"Oh God," Sherlock whispered, but immediately resumed rubbing the head of his penis, concentrating the almost frantic motions exclusively on the tiny opening. His hips started to jerk in an unambiguous manner, and John once again took hold of his fingers and pulled them away.
John nodded at Naresh, who stepped forward and opened the door without knocking.
Then... John's hand felt tentatively for Sherlock's erection. The stars twinkled anew. Sherlock gasped for air, almost in desperation. An awkward up-and-down. Exhausted. Careless. And yet, more than enough.
a present … but Sherlock had learned not to be choosy.
Mike sucked on his lower lip and tilted his head deliberately from side to side. "I think that might be a tad much. Don't you?"
"Oh... you've noticed your snuggle-puss is gone then," a voice trilled on the other end of the line, and John froze.
“I’m right, aren’t I?” he said eagerly. “Albright didn’t pose any immediate threat.”
"Yes," John confirmed, his voice firm. "Watch. Maybe that will finally cure you. But first... first we need to make sure you stay right where you are and don't do anything stupid." He walked around Sherlock, crouched down behind him and linked together the carabiners on the cuffs around his wrists. Then Sherlock heard John – his cruel, perfect John – doing something with the ropes which lay at the ready. And then all of a sudden John's lips were on his shoulder, soft and warm and moist … on that one particular spot behind his ear... and then very faintly: "Use your safeword, okay? No false pride."
"What have I done?" John said in a strangled voice.
All of a sudden, Sherlock appeared bored. "Tell me something I don't know."
"Yes, now," Sherlock insisted, licking John's earlobe. "Make me your property."
"Oh, are they doing rounds?"
?" Sherlock asked, an inscrutable undertone in his voice.
"By whom?" Mycroft asked briefly.
Mycroft smiled coldly. "I'm afraid I cannot permit that much self-sacrifice. There's rather a lot on the line for me here as well, and I don't have any particular desire to find myself on the wrong side of an investigatory committee."
took your time..." a voice drawled.
"Fine. Let's take off the kid gloves. You want to blackmail me? Then do it. Name your conditions and I'll consider whether what you have to offer me in return is worth the trouble."
"When did they fill your brain with so much crap?" John ranted. "You don't usually spout so much garbage! How are we supposed to get all the guns through security at the airport, huh?"
He ground his teeth inwardly. That wasn't going to happen to him a third time. He wasn't going to let himself be played for a fool again.
I'm very happy to tell you that I found a publisher for my novel which is based on the german version of this story.
"Sherlock has lived under his mother's name for years," Mycroft admitted. "We only have our father in common."
Mycroft tossed a coin into the collection box and lit a candle at the altar.
"Twenty-eighth," Sherlock corrected him pedantically.
- cognac glasses and whiskey glasses
But today, such words of noble abstinence felt hollow in his mouth. He knew now that it never would have lasted, and that they would both in all likelihood have ended up unhappy.
One of the chairs was occupied – namely by his newest trophy, the young virgin. But John saw that he was going to have to re-think his initial assessment. This rent boy was no boy any longer. A grown man sat in the armchair. A man in an elegant black suit, his legs casually slung over each other. John was surprised, to say the least. This Sherlock was definitely older than he'd expected. He still seemed fairly young, though, which was probably partly due to his slender build, his pale, delicate skin, and his dark, boyish curls, which hung down over his forehead like a schoolboy's. Taken all together, it could fool another less observant client into thinking he was younger.
"Pardon me if I laugh," Mycroft finally said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
Sherlock gave him an appraising look before turning his attention back to the laptop in front of him.
"The mob certainly doesn't have me..." Mycroft cut himself off with a disapproving click of his tongue. "...at any rate. We have a kind of...
Mycroft shook his head indignantly. Was he comparing himself to a mob boss now? Was he even using him as a standard? How low had he sunk!
As he leaned back and his stroking motions on his half-hard penis intensified, he wondered briefly what had happened to those men who had cheated on John.
… whether he had permission
"Well look at that," John said with mock surprise. "He hung up." He pushed the end call button as well.
When the column of ash had reached an impressive length (Sherlock gauged it at over two inches – a further proof of the high quality of the cigar), John directed his gaze back to Sherlock for the first time in forever (or at least it felt like that to Sherlock).
waiter's apron and wiped one half of his face with it. When he took the cloth away, his skin was smeared, as if he were bleeding from a head wound. Fake blood was good for so many things... now he was indistinguishable from the other victims, whom he now joined, crying and moaning, in order to leave the scene under cover of the mass of people. It was a little risky, but he hadn't wanted to miss the moment. Experiencing the panic and distress of so many people first-hand was worth a little risk on his part.
Mycroft pulled a face as if he'd eaten a lemon. "Love! Bah!" he spat out disdainfully.
"No, you aren't," John contradicted him firmly, and Sherlock couldn't help it - he shivered with pleasure.
John laughed, and Sherlock shivered. Then all of a sudden he gasped for air, his knees trembled, and he started panting. John quickly put his free hand up over Sherlock's mouth to stop him from hyperventilating. The muscles around John's fingers quivered in a light, fluttering pulsation, and - accompanied by a weak cry - a few drops forced their way out of Sherlock's penis, where they sluggishly dripped down the glans.
"You're not generally this stupid," John said, shaking his head in mock concern. "Of course you should get yourself off. I'd start right quick if I were you. The clock's running."
"I said we're leaving," John repeated firmly.
"Today it was," Sherlock explained softly. "Today it was enough."
John grinned. "They're going to hurt a lot more when I take them off than they do now ... but I guess you know that..." His hands wrapped around Sherlock's awakening erection and rubbed up and down.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders indifferently. "I'm trying to quit."
"They'll also know that you're sitting at a table with a whore and apparently are unable to find anyone...better," Sherlock went on flatly. Once again, it hurt to say such things. It felt like he'd stuck an icy knife right into the centre of his heart and twisted it around inside the wound. Some of his own self-loathing must have shown on his face, for all of a sudden he felt John's hand gently touch his cheek.
"Moran," John interjected. "Moran was supposed to be my successor."
"For shame, Inspector," Mycroft said with a smirk.
He wanted nothing more than to do it again, and now. But he suspected that neither he nor Sherlock would survive a second round. Maybe they'd try it again sometime. Later. Much later. Or maybe never again. Maybe it would remain a one-time thing. Maybe that was better. Or maybe not. But now he had to take care of Sherlock. Had to make sure he was okay and that he hadn't been injured.
"I wouldn't put it past that Donovan to keep after it until she finds the matching weapon," Ginger piped up as well. "We don't want to risk it."
"Oh... well... anyway... You might have had something else planned," Greg babbled, wishing nothing more than to give himself a good, hard kick in the arse. He'd narrowly avoiding putting one foot in his mouth solely thanks to Holmes' courtesy, and now he was about to stick the other one in. It was all well and good to be curious about the man behind the chain of command... but did he have to act like such an arse while doing it? He was better than this! Even as a young sergeant, he'd conducted interrogations that had been much better thought out than this!
“John...” Sherlock panted between kisses. “More... please...”
His decision was made.
Because he'd run away from everything for long enough.
“That doesn’t matter,” Mike dismissed the objection. “He needs to see that you’re thinking of him. Whether he actually wants a present or not is beside the point. It’s the thought that counts. He needs to see that you’re making an effort, dammit.”
“Thank you for the compliment,” John said, heading for the door.
"No problem," Greg answered with a lighthearted grin. "Next time you can do the honours."
Suddenly, there were muffled sounds in the background and John pressed his phone against his ear until it hurt. He hardly dared to breathe. Was it possible? Could that be Sherlock? And then he heard a cry of pain and a loud expletive, followed by Sherlock's voice.
Sherlock couldn't deny it any longer … He was bored. To death. John was gone more often these days. There were fewer than three weeks left before the mayoral elections, and Mike was monopolising all of John's time.
John continued to sit motionless at his table. His mind was working feverishly, occupied with the single question: '
(link in German)
"For God's sake, lock the door and turn the light off," Mycroft demanded as soon as his tongue was released on its own recognizance.
Sherlock moved along with the trajectory of the punch, taking much of the force out of it. He let John connect, albeit weakly, rather than avoiding him completely - which would have been a possibility as well.
He'd hardly had time to lean back in the chair again before Sherlock sank down onto him, pushed into him with a soft whimper, tried to grind against him and finally pressed his soft lips onto John's mouth in a sinful kiss.
John didn't let him finish. "Enough of these old stories." He stood up. "It's late. We should go to sleep."
“Which part of
"Yes, it is," Sherlock insisted. "Even though I don't understand, since after the mayoral elections..."
"Yes," John replied simply. "Or did you think I'd toss him at your feet, all tied up with a red ribbon?" There was a calculated challenge in his eye, one which Mycroft appeared to understand, to go by his hesitation.
"Yes," Sherlock replied curtly. His expression remained shuttered. It was clear he didn't want to talk about it any more. But John also saw the faint insecurity in the tiny crease over Sherlock's nose, the one that always appeared when Sherlock wasn't sure whether what he'd done was one hundred percent correct.
A begrudgingly amused smile twitched across Sherlock's lips. "Interesting choice of words."
Mycroft waited. And waited. And waited. But Greg didn't say anything else. Finally, he lost his patience.
John knew from experience that, should he refuse to answer, Mike would keep nagging until he gave up the desired information. But that was the price he paid for having made an old friend his closest confidant and advisor. At least Mike would never stab him in the back. Neither literally nor figuratively – and that was an invaluable advantage that far outweighed any other disadvantages. Still, there were certain things that were really none of Mike's business. And one of them was the confusing desires that his two visits with Sherlock had unleashed in him, and that he wanted nothing more than to forget – or at least suppress. The sooner the better.
"Not exactly." John stood up, dipped his fingers in the mashed potatoes on his plate, scooped up a small amount, and walked around the table to Sherlock. "I was thinking more of hand-feeding."
His gaze focused now on Sherlock's genitals. His likewise clean-shaven testicles hung full and heavy between two long, lanky legs, and a fleshy, half-hard penis rested on a flat stomach that was gently rising and falling with the rhythm of Sherlock's breaths.
"Which she did," Sherlock confirmed peevishly. "She's probably under the impression I owe her a favour now..."
“Well…I mean… you know that… your prick… is not overly… large.”
A pleasant shiver ran down Mycroft's back. To see Gregory so unrestrained... and to know that lack of restraint was all due to him...
"You took note of all the times I said something about coincidences, yet you still can't remember the PIN code for my bank card?"
Internally he cringed a little bit at the filth that came form his mouth almost without thinking, but one look at Sherlock was enough. His pale skin was flushed and his strong fingers were clawing at the bedding, his eyes closed, an expression of pure bliss on his face and his cock - John gave it another teasing lick - was harder than ever.
"I admire your integrity greatly. Sometimes I truly feel as if you were the last honest police officer in this city."
," Sherlock said on the other end of the line, drawing the word out - the same word which did the most marvellous things to John when spoken with a completely different intonation in a completely different context.
"WHAT? NO!" he exclaimed in horror. "
Greg stopped where he was and turned around. "That's it then?" he asked, indignant. "You're just going to let me go?"
"And when you've done that, go take a bath. I won't need you here anymore this evening," John added to his instructions.
Wouldn't be as easy to take out as this was." Moriarty pulled something out of the pocket of his coat with his free hand and tossed it at John. Sherlock's golden butt plug somersaulted through the air, glowing dully in the light of the petroleum lamps, only to sink into the murky brown water right in front of John's feet with a sickening plop.
“Good boy.” John reached down and held Sherlock’s throbbing erection loosely between his right middle and index fingers, thumb caressing just beneath the head of Sherlock’s cock. “Your little dicklet is even wet like a real clit.” John teased. His own cock was achingly hard and pulsing in sympathy with every tiny, greedy thrust of Sherlock’s hips as he clearly tried to get more pressure on his glans than the featherlight, nowhere near enough touches John was granting him.
After several painful moments, the fingers released his throat. That was the last time that night that Sherlock had the sense John was truly seeing him as himself.
his feelings were... and how impossible a life without John would be for him.
"It's only three nights... but..."
Holmes' features twisted into a painful grimace for a fraction of a second, but then he regained control over himself and forced his expression back into a neutral deadpan.
That was a bitter pill, and Sherlock didn't know how he was meant to swallow it.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow and pursed his lips. "And how about you? Detective Inspector... how would it look in your service record if people got wind of the fact that you have been misappropriating public property for your own personal use?" He glanced pointedly at the motorcycle, which was painted with the unmistakable yellow and blue Battenburg checks that identified it as a police vehicle. If he perhaps lingered a bit too long on the Inspector's - very civilian-looking - black leather attire, that would remain their little secret.
Irene chuckled throatily. "I'm just trying to cheer you up," she declared cheerfully, but then she noticed an enduring, underlying sadness in his eyes, and her laughter dried up. "He'll come back," she said, suddenly sober. "Believe me. I know what I'm talking about."
're wonderful," John corrected him, and Sherlock gave him a shy smile.
"It's not mine!" John snapped back, both annoyed and bewildered.
"Good morning," Sherlock whispered, ghosting a brief, dry kiss across John's lips.
Irene stopped short. "What? Of course he will."
"The ring's missing," Sherlock remarked pedantically.
John penetrated him a second time, fucking him in a hard, staccato rhythm, and when John stroked roughly over his erection, Sherlock ejaculated without either wanting to or enjoying it. It was simply due to mechanical stimulation, habit, and exhaustion.
He'd looked over at Sherlock to share the moment with him, maybe even to see a little half-smile on his face too. But Sherlock hadn't smiled much over the past few days, and John wasn't graced with the sight this afternoon either. Instead, Sherlock looked like he'd been chewed up and spit out. Pale, clammy skin, a tense expression, his lips pressed flat together. As if he were about to throw up. John couldn't stop himself from feeling his forehead.
Mike shook his head slowly. "Are you sure?"
Sherlock lay before him... naked... helpless... and more than willing. A small drop of precome already glistened just underneath Sherlock's navel, even though his penis wasn't fully erect yet, lying fat and meaty against his lower abdomen. There was a trace of fear in his wide-open eyes, but John knew it was just the soft prickle of uncertainty... the little thrill of the unknown. And yet it was a heady sensation for John to see Sherlock - who usually wasn't afraid of anything - with jittery eyes for once, even if they were wide and dark with desire at the same time.
Whistling cheerfully, he went out to his car.
It was one of those moments in which anything seemed possible. One of those moments when anything could happen. A cool, steel-blue gaze clashed with glittering, dark brown eyes, held fast, dug in, and fused with them. All of a sudden, the air between the two men was so thick that Greg didn't think it would be a problem to cut it into slices. Someone had apparently removed all the oxygen from the room as well, as Greg was suddenly having an incredibly difficult time catching his breath.
A lopsided grin played around the corners of John's mouth. "I thought you'd be happy he's not trying to fleece me like an Angora sweater. Your words!"
John stared into the distance. Into a past that lay so far back it seemed as if it were part of a novel. He heard laughter in his head... laughter that had faded and died long ago... Victor... John closed his eyes. He squeezed the lids together, forced the images with all his might back into the dark corner of his memory they'd escaped from. He bit down on his lips. Victor... His face twisted into an ugly mask. Let him rot in hell! He'd been too soft back then. He should have listened to Mike after all. He should have had him hunted down. Hunted, found, and brought back... to punish him... to hurt him... just as much as he'd hurt John...
“You want me to... continue?” John was uneasy. Sherlock was crying. It didn’t matter that his cock was hard, that he was aroused. He was still crying and that…that wasn’t right.
"Oh, I didn't mean to do that, Mr Watson," the doorman rushed to assure him. "I only thought..."
're bored. How is that
He fluctuated between a euphoric high (his nudity together with the equipment John had required promised a wild sexual interlude, which was right up Sherlock's alley) and a nervous low (after all, he hadn't stuck with weaning himself from smoking, and John was angry with him because of it - that was certainly a reason to worry).
"Mmmhhh," Sherlock mumbled, his mouth full of potatoes, and continued watching Irene, who was cutting up his meat for him on his plate. Sherlock was perfectly able to do it himself, but Irene – four years older – absolutely worshipped him and loved to mother him. Also, despite his limitless curiosity, Sherlock was basically lazy and careless at heart, and he was happy whenever someone did something for him so that he wouldn't have to do it himself. Especially when he was occupied with more important things – to his mind, anyway – than wiping his nose or tying his shoelaces.
"All right... and why
He'd lost the ability to articulate himself, and as a result, all that came out of his throat was a hoarse rattle, interrupted only by soft, high sounds whose register had nothing to do with his usual baritone.
you," he explained calmly. "Knowing you, you'll hardly think it's a punishment - but it should at least lessen the pain of being separated a bit... even if it makes something else hurt."
the words echoed in Sherlock's head, but his voice failed in its duty.
John's tendency to view people as his property ...
When John turned back to Sherlock, his face was relaxed and a smile flitted across his narrow lips. He went back to Sherlock, knelt on the bed, and stroked Sherlock's hair until his hand rested on Sherlock's neck. Then he lifted Sherlock's head a bit, breathed out a
he got from drugs or alcohol. Was this happiness he was feeling? Sherlock didn't really have any points of comparison, but if this was happiness, this feeling that was stealing his breath away, he might just become
' being a prime example!"
The photo showed precisely that.
Sherlock knew full well - if he wanted to save anything at this point, he couldn't afford to panic; he had to proceed intelligently and follow some sort of plan. He emulated the technique John used to try and calm himself, and took a deep, deliberate breath through his nose. Better.
Back then... before he'd had money... before he'd made a career with the mob... before his father had thrown him out of the house because John had chucked medical school and his father didn't want to have a
"Yep. On the desk."
Boundless relief flooded through Sherlock. John had bought his extremely weak arguments and would probably never dig any deeper. Why did all of this upset him so much? Why was he affected by it so much? Why did it get under his skin the way it did? He didn't use to be like this... everything had bounced off him before. Beatings, curses... none of it had ever touched him. But now it was enough for John to frown to throw him completely off balance. All of a sudden, he recalled Irene's remark about his heart. Had he really hidden his heart all these years, only to have John find it now? It certainly looked that way. John had found it, and now it belonged to him. Whether he wanted it to or not. Whether he was aware of it or not. Sherlock rather guessed the answer was
By the time a few days had passed after John surprised Sherlock in his office, Mike had become used to Sherlock's presence. The kid really had a good head on his shoulders, and working with him was surprisingly pleasant. Like John, he didn't put much stock in flowery speeches when it came to business, and his assistance proved to be more than valuable. They agreed that Sherlock would go through and check over the invoices from every division and region, while Mike and John took care of the day-to-day business.
Watson thing behind during the hours he spent at Miss Adler's establishment. That was no longer possible, but it wasn't so bad … because Sherlock, wonderful, naïve man that he sometimes was, continued to see only John in him - the mob boss came in a distant second. And that was something that John hadn't expected at all. It was quite liberating.
“Jacques...” Mrs Turner whispered, shocked. “Just let it go now... If Mr Stamford...”
There was something else, though, that continued to nag at him... the events in Albright’s office which had led to his untimely demise.
"You know the magic word, Sherlock."
chair). The single word sufficed. Mike knew right away that John wanted to know whether the mysterious shooter had been found who was responsible for Charlie's death.
Anthea snorted. "Why's that tosser still here, anyway? The boss has kept him longer than any of the others."
It was already a late hour when the two men finished discussing all the important points which would guarantee the security of London for the next few days. All of the other offices were now abandoned, and Mycroft's secretary had also gone home already - with Mycroft's permission. The distorted reflections of the glittering lights on the night-black Thames remained unnoticed by the two men, however, as the conversation turned to Sally Donovan.
He was going to vouch for his own safety... he was taking this step of his own accord and following considerable deliberation, so it was consensual... that just left
John was working at home today, which meant Naresh or Dave were also in the house. The only question was - where?
When they got to the wooden fence, Greg left Sherlock with his brother and went ahead to the street to wait for John. They wanted to avoid a passing car or pedestrian noticing them. And so Mycroft hid with his brother behind a small brick building near the gate, listening to his worryingly shallow respiration and hoping they didn't arouse any attention.
"Thank you," Sherlock said, and that single word resounded like strains of the sweetest music in John's ears.
He quickly skimmed their contents, stopping abruptly before he'd reached the end of the first third of the document. His eyes slowly wandered back to the beginning, and this time he read the text attentively and with great care, word for word. He didn't notice the orderly leaving. The pencil slid out of his fingers and fell to the floor, likewise unnoticed. Sherlock read through the papers again, and then a third time.
'. John gazed at the delicate paper rings in his hand for a while, lost in thought, until a diabolical grin stole across his lips.
Bitter. Dusty. Melty. Sweet. Sherlock made a face without realising he was doing so.
Yes. It really happened.
"Your
Hearing Mike's voice so close to his ear made him flinch. "Yeah... I... I'm still here," John answered, dispelling the last mists of the past with a brisk shake of his head.
Once in the lift, he ran his thumb over the pads of his fingers which Mycroft Holmes had touched. They were still tingling.
John loved challenges. He virtually lusted after situations that needed to be brought under control. John loved the feeling of power that control gave him; he loved the struggle that was sometimes necessary, and he loved the temporary submission. There was an allure to finding the right path to take in order to force his will on another human being. John didn't want blind obedience; he didn't want perfection or flawlessness - that would bore him to death, and quickly. He wanted the questions and the rebellion, he wanted the fascination and the surprise; he wanted the fight.
were on the tip of his tongue, but then John started stroking his erection with one hand, and those three little words were swept out of his brain with a wave of ecstasy, as if they'd never been there in the first place.
Greg did a double take. "You... you're serious," he stated in astonishment.
*********************************************************
- expensive cognacs
Sherlock's voice was tinged with wistfulness and a yearning for a childhood that had been irrefutably lost, and John suddenly saw the grave of this unknown woman with different eyes.
"...to clean," John blurted out as understanding came over him. He thought about it for a moment and made a quick decision. "Fine, then they'll have to be watched when they clean from now on. Congratulations - you've just been promoted to cleaning monitor." He beamed at Sherlock.
"Neither one..." John sighed disconsolately. "That Mycroft Holmes won. Completely out of nowhere."
"Joooohhnnn," he pleaded. "Please... I'm about to come... let me... ejaculate... pleeease... I want to..."
"Or must I beg? Is that it?" A spark of defiance appeared in his eyes. "Do you want to see me grovel? Must I debase myself before you first? If that's what you want... I'm prepared to do it. As long as it's really necessary."
John laughed and relaxed his grip on Sherlock a bit, although he didn't let go.
for John? Wasn't that sufficient to prove his trustworthiness? Was it not enough?
... John's sudden outburst of violence...
"Do I want to know the details?"
"And people say
"Sherlock, your leg..."
Sherlock could calculate almost down to the penny how much that suit must have cost Irene. The conclusions that could be drawn from that sum back to the arrangement John and Irene must have come to were extremely complimentary for Sherlock.
"If you need anything else... a couch, new drapes... anything... just let me know and it'll be taken care of." John appeared more content than before, but the way he was talking, so fast and excited - unusual for him - bore witness to his persistent nervousness.
The butler was met with a look that was both amused and scornful. "He played
John could feel the throb of Sherlock's erection against his own swollen shaft. It was an exquisitely erotic sensation. With his left hand - which he removed only reluctantly from Sherlock's behind - he grasped Sherlock's dark curls and pulled his head back slightly. Sherlock moaned with pleasure and stretched his body. John knew perfectly well it wasn't to get away from the hold but to intensify the pull on his hair.
"Yes - are you angry at me?"
" AAAAHHHHHHHHHH!"
Fear stretched its icy fingers out toward Sherlock. John was leaving. John was leaving him. Was he going to come back? Or had he ruined everything with his thoughtless questions? Of course he had! What else! After all, he was known for ruining everything for himself. He cast about frantically for something to say – something that would make John stay.
', which was less than helpful.
news? Try another one!”
Mycroft cleared his throat, and John broke his eye contact with Sherlock in order to turn to his guest once more.
But now none of that passion was in evidence. Greg's eyes had lost any trace of warmth, instead peering remorselessly at their target.
It was a good thing John didn't have a weapon on him at the moment, as his mood continued to deteriorate from one second to the next, until he wouldn't have guaranteed for anyone's safety. As it was, he tamped down his negative emotions as well as he could and ground his teeth until Bridges dropped him off at home before continuing to Mike's house, which was further on.
"Of course that's all right," John said. He didn't know why his throat was closing up all of a sudden. Was this sentiment? In any case, he was glad Sherlock had finally understood that he was
In that, at least, John's clairvoyant abilities had failed. However, Sherlock's fingers - which he had pressed together under his chin - twitched nervously against each other at the sound of each individual tone that rang out through the air, bearing silent testimony to his inner turmoil, which John had predicted quite accurately.
So soon? He wasn't ready...
"I could still blow them off," Irene suggested.
Up on the screen, another man joined the woman and the man who had been enjoying each other's company alone - and rather acrobatically. The grey temples of the newcomer (and from the looks of things, he was more than ready to do so) reminded Mycroft of a certain Detective Inspector, who had acted so painfully proper the last time they'd seen each other that it had rubbed even Mycroft the wrong way. When Mycroft caught himself wondering whether Inspector Lestrade's equipment was also as well-proportioned as that of the porn star, his face pulled into a grimace and he called himself to order.
Hot, tear-filled eyes turned to John. Clarity shone in them for just a brief moment.
"Sherlock, stop speaking in riddles!" Mike cried, exasperated. "What time is it anyway? And where are you calling from?"
"Good," said the man, rubbing his hands again. "Why don't we all have a nightcap at Doc Watson's and toast the whole affair properly?"
"It's what I planned, at any rate..."
"Whatever..." Sherlock made a dismissive gesture with his hand. "You need to have my blood tested. I'll give you a sample tomorrow, and you..."
“Of course,” Sherlock admitted, albeit grudgingly. “Economics and a bit of law, philosophy naturally, some physics and chemistry and...”
"All right," John said and drew deeply on the cigar until the tip glowed bright red and kept glowing even after John had taken the cigar out of his mouth.
"Let's get you into another gown," Nurse Mildred said with a firmness that didn't give Sherlock any choice other than to comply. "This one's dripping wet."
"Irene..." Sherlock said, feeling himself go pale. "Give it to me. You don't know what..."
John took a deep breath in and out. Then, in a sudden fit, he tore his tie from his neck and tugged at the topmost buttons on his shirt. Once he'd succeeded in freeing his neck from its bindings, he felt a bit better. He removed his jacket as well, tossing it in an arc onto one of the leather armchairs, where it landed before sliding gently onto the floor. John registered it without really caring. He took another deep breath. Better. Then he went to his small but well-stocked bar. He had a better and fancier selection of spirits in the lounge and in his private living room, but he didn't feel like leaving his office to walk through the brightly lit entryway. He might even spend all night here.
The next kiss was slightly off, as John was somewhat shaken by Sherlock's
Mike rolled his eyes. "Crepe! Where am I supposed to get crepe from?" he snapped at his friend.
He spread his thumb and the rest of his fingers under Sherlock's chin, holding his head in place.
. He probably did it to find out what kind of men his boss was fooling around with.
"You don't say," Sherlock remarked dryly. "I was under the impression that was precisely the reason you bought me."
Sherlock groaned again. He was incapable of any other form of expression.
Lorelei Lee
"So, you're this Sherlock everyone's talking about. Open your mouth nice and wide then."
The silence on the other end of the line lasted only a fraction of a second before Mike groaned. "What did you do now?!"
- what it takes to have a '
But that was enough for Sherlock. He knew it was
It was simply a reflex, something he did because his mother had always done it for him, but before he went so far as to say,
"Say it again," Sherlock demanded.
It was a stewardship; caring for someone.
Mycroft grasped Greg's upper arm. "No police. No ambulance. I can't afford the scandal."
"Where?"
"Kitty Winter?" he asked incredulously. "Of course! Brilliant plan! You can't possibly be considering hiring someone who rats other people out for less than nothing! Or have you forgotten that chit didn't even have a promise of a reward for her services? And yet she served up Moran's head on a platter, and gladly! But no, go ahead! Bring her on board!"
"You don't need this anymore," Sherlock said softly, untied the belt of John's dressing gown, and slid it off John's shoulders. The elegant garment sank to the floor, where it landed beside the towel, likewise forgotten, which had slipped out of John's fingers at some point during the proceedings.
Sherlock swallowed one more time, pressing himself even closer to John's groin, taking that much more of John's hard length in, until for one crazy moment, John fancied he could feel Sherlock's heartbeat at the tip of his penis.
John paused for a moment. Knelt between Sherlock's splayed legs, stroked the inside of his thighs with gentle fingers and shook his head in wondering amazement.
Mike had followed the exchange with his mouth hanging open. His French was just good enough to order in a restaurant and ask for the cheque, so he hadn't understood everything Sherlock and Jacques had said, but it all became clear a few moments later when Jacques returned, placed an elegant glass dish with several almond biscuits in front of Mike, and then disappeared with a nod and one last worshipful glance in Sherlock's direction.
When they arrived on the third floor, John wiped the thin film of sweat off his forehead. He was slightly out of breath, but it wasn't due to a lack of exercise. Dave and Naresh were also panting. Summer had chosen this particular day of all days for its London premiere.
He kept his weapon aimed at Moriarty's chest, his hand steady, his eyes firmly on his adversary.
"Enough," John replied bluntly. "Come on - I'll show you the house."
"Still, Jack," said Franco. An icy wind came up, and he held onto his hood. "Letting the Doc keep a gun's not even overconfidence anymore, it's nothing short of suicide."
"No..." Sherlock sobbed in desperation. "John...
“Yes, Auntie Mike.”
He didn't know. He was probably dribbling again like a leaky faucet. He couldn't think straight anymore. Like that time... the first time John had...
"For me?" It came out as barely more than a whisper, and if John hadn't seen those plush lips move, he would have been convinced he'd only imagined the two words.
"I know," Mycroft conceded soberly. "But I didn't realise that until now." He took a deep breath. "So I fulfilled his last wish and took care of you as best I could. Even against your will. But... when I look back on the path your life has taken, I have to admit I wasn't very successful."
, she'd worked as an escort but had quickly shifted lanes and become a dominatrix, which suited her own preferences much better. It still hadn't been a walk in the park, and now that she owned the brothel, she enjoyed focusing primarily on the administrative and representative side of things, letting others do the work.
“All right, all right,” John interrupted him curtly. “No time for myself again, in other words.”
Mycroft's lips parted, hung open for a moment, and then closed without John hearing a single sound. Apparently, the information wasn't easy for Sherlock's half-brother to swallow.
Mike leafed idly through some papers, licking his index finger in order to turn them over more easily.
"Believe it,
The corners of John's mouth twitched with reluctant amusement at the simple greeting. Without responding, he came further into the room, took out a thin, rolled-up file folder from the inner pocket of his coat, walked past Sherlock without so much as glancing at him, and tossed the folder onto the bed. Then he took off his coat, let it fall carelessly onto one of the armchairs, and remained standing next to the chair. Only then did he turn his full attention to Sherlock, who had an ominous sense of foreboding.
“Want to have some more?” John asked with a self-satisfied smirk.
"What?" Sherlock asked dull-wittedly. "Why?"
His eyes flicked quickly over the men in the hallway before stopping on John.
"Fish?" The dark-haired man looked appalled. "Those are koi carp!" he corrected Greg, sotto voce.
for it. John licked his lips. The small ridge around the top of the urethra was dark red and slightly swollen now. But it was nothing to worry about, from a medical standpoint. He carefully pushed the metal rod bit by bit into Sherlock's penis. The small opening stretched further and further, taking in everything John fed it. It was an obscene sight, and it made John almost frantic with desire... the swollen meatus, slippery with lube and pre-ejaculate... the twitching cock in his hand... Sherlock's throaty moans.
When Sherlock woke up in the middle of the night, there was a blanket spread over both himself and John, and John was asleep beside him. The cock ring was gone, and instead one of John's arms lay possessively across Sherlock's stomach.
"Go away! I just want to be left alone!" came the muffled, angry cry through the door panel.
supposed to mean?"
“WHAT?!” John cried out incredulously. “
"Fine … I'll just have to wait until tomorrow morning." He rolled away from John and started to get up.
John - who was convinced
“It's not an obsession!” John barked. “It's sensible!”
"Yes. They will," John answered curtly and firmly, and once again the urge came over Sherlock to forget everything, to toss all caution to the wind and throw himself at John's feet, cling to his legs and never let go again.
Mycroft watched the two men with a pensive expression..
A few days later, John's phone rang.
Sherlock's eyes twinkled with amusement, but his mouth remained shut. He lowered his head at a deliberately measured pace over John's lap and pressed his lips against the head of John's penis. John unconsciously held his breath.
No more sounds.
"And I've answered it just as many times. You should be familiar with my reasons by now."
Holmes gave him a greasy smile. "It really is an extremely curious convergence of names. A very odd coincidence."
During those few days, Mike occasionally gave him a questioning look, but Sherlock could only answer with a barely noticeable shrug of his shoulders - he had no other choice. There were really no developments of note. Sherlock was prepared for Mike to bring up the question directly at some point, but John was always around and therefore a private conversation was never possible.
John was the one who finally broke the silence.
John grinned broadly. "I do try," he said dryly, reaching back for the next strike.
Warm lips covered Mycroft's neck above his shirt collar, leaving a burning trail on his skin. Then all of a sudden everything was gone. The lips, the hands, the warmth, and the closeness. Mycroft blinked in confusion. But Greg had just bent over to retrieve a small cardboard box out of one of the pockets in his jacket, which he now handed to Mycroft.
Standing in front of it again, his breaths came quicker. He stole a glance around, but couldn't see a soul other than himself. It was a good thing John had instructed his staff to come out only when they were summoned. Sherlock's lips curled into a gleeful grin as he set about picking the lock on the door to John's office. It wasn't as easy as the back doors of remote warehouses, but after a while there was a
John lowered his eyes, then looked up again, his head tilted to one side. "Exactly. I want something from you. I want those pictures from your security cameras. And I want them now."
Sherlock's gaze melted a bit more at those words, and he reached out hesitantly for the box, as if he still couldn't believe it. He undid the ribbon and lifted the lid. Without saying a word, he stared at the gleaming golden object.
- "Good-bye"
After leaving the car Mycroft had provided them with, they were now running through the terminal to the counter where their tickets were waiting for them. When John, who was completely out of breath, finally managed to catch up with Sherlock. He was already talking to a young woman, whose smile seemed somewhat forced at this time of night. After some discussion, they were given their tickets and took their place in the queue for security checks. Fortunately, there were very few people waiting in line and most of them appeared to be over-tired businessmen.
Neither of them even thought of the fact that Sherlock could simply lie back on the table in order to make things a bit easier... both men were too taken with each other.
Fanart by
"Very few," Sherlock concurred. Then he went on, downcast: "Am I at fault for your difficulties?"
(Cover made by me)
John took a sip from his cup, shaking his head, before saying to Sherlock, "You're not going to stop until Jacques's including you in his evening devotions, are you?"
"What can I bring you gentlemen?" he asked politely.
Sherlock nodded obediently, went over to John and lowered himself onto his lap, managing to cuddle up against him like a kitten despite his height.
After Sherlock had withstood – no, enjoyed – the treatment eight or nine times, John decided to change tactics. When he sensed that Sherlock was preparing for another round, John reached out his hand – but instead of flicking him again, he moved the hook of the sperm stopper and pulled the ball out of his urethra ... only to slide it agonisingly slowly right back into the slightly widened slit.
It wasn't until John's breath brushed his cheek that he returned halfway to an awareness of his surroundings.
Sherlock gasped and within a fraction of a second went from half hard to rock as a diamond in John's hand.
"Yeah, you thought you were pretty clever," John replied with a smirk. "But... once in a while I look over the footage from the security cameras myself. You didn't think of that. I saw you in the garden and in your window."
"It's all fine, Sherlock," John soothed him. "Shall we begin?"
almost killed Albright when he dared to speak ill of you. That was interesting..." She bared her teeth. "The way we see it, you're the perfect bait to lure Doc Watson into our trap."
Wicked and just a little... enigmatic.
"Your methods could do with some... improvement," Holmes finally answered with a charming smile that Greg didn't exactly have anything against. "If you attempt to extract confessions from all of your suspects in such a manner, I'm extremely surprised at your high clearance rate."
It was the second-to-last day of John's stay in Crieff. The meeting had gone well for him after all, and they'd even been able to finish earlier than planned. Only one more night separated him from London... from home... from Sherlock...
"How did you... why are you still hard?" he asked, both fascinated and a bit bewildered.
"Why are you down here?" Sherlock asked. His voice was soft and dark, and he didn't move an inch from where he stood.
"I always have a reason!" Mycroft insisted obstinately.
“Then...” A line appeared between Sherlock's eyebrows. “Oh...” He slowly began to realise that was perhaps not the best time to ask that particular question. “Not good?” he asked uncertainly.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "What if I say no?"
"Yes, you tried - and failed - to exorcise it from him," John cut him off. "And I imagine you don't think he's just given it up so easily this time. I suspect very strongly that he simply didn't have a good reason back then. The proper motivation."
It was true, ever since John had caught him wearing the plug and come all over his face, he hadn't let Sherlock's mouth anywhere near his cock.
"If I had a penny for every time..." John muttered half to himself, then pulled his arm back without any warning and slammed his fist into Charlie's face. Charlie howled and tried to twist out of John's grip, but John held on relentlessly. "Don't make such a fuss," he spat. "I didn't even touch your nose. Your cheekbone, on the other hand... that might well be broken. And I could still break your jaw... wouldn't be a problem," he remarked cheerfully. "But that would make it pretty hard for you to tell us who sent you, wouldn't it?"
On the one hand, his grasp of the situation freed Doris from the painful duty of having to explain everything in small words to him later. It also freed her from having to decide how much to tell him, and what was better to keep from him. On the other hand, it placed a weight on his shoulders that had proven too heavy even for some adults. But he'd been brave so far.
"Sherlock..."
"That's going to be a bit difficult," John answered, giving Mycroft a look that was both indulgent and regretful.
John blinked in bewilderment. "When?"
..." He swallowed again. "I thought you might become
where I come from."
?!" Jacques cried, appalled.
The quaver in John's voice and the way he wiped his eyes gave Sherlock renewed confidence. John wasn't Anderson, and Sherlock wasn't the youth he'd been back then. No matter what the night might bring... he'd make it through... they'd both make it through, and then... then John and he could pick up the pieces in the morning together and finally leave all the ballast of their past behind them.
"Well..." Billy started cautiously, scratching the back of his head with his free hand. "I wouldn't exactly call it shite..."
"What are you waiting for?" John asked briskly, but not unkindly. "Get up on the bed and lie on your back."
Charlie sniffled and swallowed, struggling to regain control. "It was all supposed to be secret... I wouldn't have said anything, but... okay, I know I said you could boil me in oil and I still wouldn't say anything, but... I didn't think you'd actually... This wasn't part of our deal!"
And so he asked, "What?" when he finally succeeded in shaking off the titillating memories.
? You haven't even eaten
“Well?”
"Why are you still wearing that foul shirt? I'm fairly certain there were pyjama tops listed on the tailor's invoice."
"Now, John!" Sherlock cried out impatiently. "Don't fall asleep, dammit!"
John took a sip of tea before answering. "Yes, funeral."
"It's eight o'clock and I have express instructions to wake you up," Thomas blurted out.
"It's better to test the cigar's condition by smell anyway. A cigar that's too dry or that's been stored improperly will barely smell of anything," Sherlock babbled almost involuntarily.
"How often are you going to ask me that?" Sherlock drawled in reply.
Just when Sherlock thought he was going to die – or at least fall unconscious – his testicles contracted in a way that was almost painful. His innermost muscles squeezed, almost in a cramp, around the satiny steel that sat embedded motionless in his arse, and the pressure on his prostate increased several times over what he'd felt just moments earlier. Then it felt like a dam broke in his lower body, and seconds later, he ejaculated in a steady stream all over the sheets.
"Why now, in particular? Why is it so important to you that I get divorced now?"
"Oh, maybe because it might hurt my reputation within the mob if I'm on such good terms with the mayor?" John said, pretending at disinterest before his voice took on a testy undertone. "Do you have any idea how fast a rumour might start going round that I was going to scuttle some plan because of you, or because of him? Have you considered that it might hurt my reputation as a crimelord if I associate with a mayor who ISN'T under my thumb?"
"Of course we are," John assured him gently. "Did you really think we wouldn't?"
But the closer they got to the bedroom, the more his excitement and anticipation overshadowed Sherlock's rational considerations, and he wondered, his heart in his throat, what John had in store for him.
"John sent me..." Mike began, but was interrupted immediately.
John barked out a laugh. "You might as well suspect the entire mob in that case. I told my borough heads and they'll have told their people too."
Once they were both in the office and had locked the door behind them as a precaution, John sat down on the chair behind his desk. Sherlock watched him, both wary and curious, his desire clear.
- go on. Just go on."
Mycroft Holmes didn't appear pleased by the turn the conversation was taking. "We've gone our separate ways," he said, cutting Lestrade off. "I didn't ask you here to philosophise over my brother."
[Translation:
John's arousal didn't appear to escape Sherlock either.
"Just like this..." John moaned. His own arousal had increased at a rampant pace in the short time, and his trousers were quickly becoming too tight. "Zip... open my zip..."
"So what did I miss?" Thomas asked, as if expecting something lurid.
"Yeah, I saw," the man in the parka agreed. "We should have searched him."
But I just thought of that article when I decided to try writing this scene.
Mike looked him over with wondering approval. "How in the world did you do that?"
"That was... sublime..." a quiet voice sounded behind him, and when he turned around in surprise, there was John. John, sitting on the floor in the open doorway with his legs crossed, a look on his face that could only be described as
Why was it so quiet?
John's left hand released the trembling body, instead probing the backrest of the couch. When he found the sticky moisture, a wicked smile appeared on his face. Sherlock's brief twitch - which felt wonderful around his erection - and the way he lifted his head told him that Sherlock knew what he was doing … and probably also what he had planned.
To make it brief... I guess the poor guy wants some comment-snuggles. *sigh* Could you guys do that? I mean, after all, he's been a certified plotbunny breeder for years now! :D
"Exactly," Sherlock confirmed. "You always lock your office, so your files are fairly safe." John gave him a look that was both sardonic and challenging, and Sherlock responded with an unapologetic grin, "As long as no one forces their way in, which can't be ruled out entirely, but that would also never go unnoticed. Aside from that, those three are the only ones who can come and go without anyone remarking on it. They all have a key to your office and go in when you're not there..."
"Is there any other?" Mrs Turner returned with a sly smile.
"Sherlock - I have some business to take care of here," John said slowly, directing his dark blue eyes at him with a look that was both taken aback and suspicious. He was probably trying to figure out what the purpose of Sherlock's interruption was.
Sherlock's hand hovered one second too long over the plate of ham before he withdrew it without taking anything, and let it drop into his lap. Luckily, John didn't notice anything as he was busy pouring himself some tea.
"Why did you lie to me?" John rasped. "Why didn't you say anything? We could have talked about it... we could have gone our separate ways in peace... How long did you let me dangle like that, hm? How long were you planning on running away? How long did you let the farce drag on?"
“All right,” Irene sighed. “Your life – your decision. Although I'm not sure I'd really call this a
"Go and open it," he said patiently, albeit with a small sigh. "It's not a good-bye present and it doesn't bite."
- was he supposed to make of that?
- job titles and ranks including how to get promoted within the British police
"All right, fine - no police," Greg capitulated. "At least not yet!" he added in a warning tone. "So what do we do now?"
After a deep, heart-felt sigh to express his ennui, Sherlock finally reached for the letter. Even though he didn't expect it to be very entertaining, it should be slightly better than watching his pubic hair grow. He slit open the envelope with a pencil without checking the return address, and took out several sheets of paper.
John closed his eyes and rested his forehead on his hand. "Oh God..." he muttered. "How does he know?"
Sherlock swallowed, anticipating what was coming, and watched with his eyes flung wide as John pulled his arm back. It was impossible to guess where the blow would land. Thigh, chest, stomach - or...
"Sorry," Sherlock snickered. "Sorry..."
"I was thinking of a nipple piercing," John said, opening the box to reveal a golden loop bedded on dark blue satin.
Jacques approached the table again. It was obvious that it was a struggle for him, but he managed to ask Sherlock with unruffled politeness, "How do you take your coffee?"
Mike had to exercise quite a bit of self-control in order not to smack his friend on the back of his head right there in the entry hall. That would have been a field day for the servants. He settled for a stern, long-suffering look and said, "I believe I already said I didn't want any details... do you need it in writing or something?"
"John?" Sherlock groaned. "John... I... you... oh my God... you... ohgodohgodohgod... John... John... John... I... I'm coming... I'm coming... I... JOHN!"
Another two pic sets made by me. This time I concentraded on the more "sensual" (read: sexy/erotic/BDSM) side of my story.
At some point he would certainly allow Sherlock to get him off with those talented feet alone. But not now. He really didn't have time for it that morning.
When he got to the last button, he pulled the shirt out of Sherlock's trousers with more force than absolutely necessary, letting it hang loose from the white shoulders. Sherlock gasped when John's hands touched his bared upper body for the first time. They slid slowly across the smooth, hairless chest. The barest hint of a touch to the rosy nipples was enough to cause the tender skin to pucker and harden into tiny buds. Sherlock gasped again.
"And might I point out additionally that you're out of your jurisdiction? Detective Inspector?" Mycroft continued diffidently in an arrogant, nasal twang. "In case you haven't noticed - this isn't London anymore..."
Now everything was different.
“I'm sure,” Irene assured him, giving him a long, calculating look. “Is all of this really still necessary? All this hide-and-seek? After all this time?”
John pressed his phone greedily to his ear.
"I know," John said more forcefully than he'd intended. "I know what I said and I know I should talk to him."
John held out his hand to him. "I insist. You can wash off that cigarette smell at the same time - just like you always do when you've been smoking in secret."
“Yes.”
But then a single blink was enough to destroy the moment. One blink and the moment was over.
John held out his hands in front of him. They were still shaking. They'd been shaking since Albright shot at him. He'd been hiding it as well as he could. But now his facade was crumbling fast and it took too much effort to keep it in place. He went to his office with hasty steps and flung the door open. He was fairly relieved to see Sherlock sitting at his desk.
John turned onto his side and tried to make out Sherlock's face, but it was too dark. So he simply said, "Yes."
"It's a good shot of our guy. Nice picture," Mike said, nodding. John rolled his eyes. "What?" Mike asked. "There's always going to be some uncertainty in these things. I can pay off the right people, but total control..." He shook his head apologetically. "That's beyond even me. That's why it can't hurt if our candidate gets a few honest votes."
"Everything's fine," Sherlock said. But even to his ears, it sounded wrong. He opened his eyes and tried to smile. He failed miserably, and his sight blurred. He noted in dismay that his erection was also deflating. He squeezed his eyes shut again, hoping to hold back the approaching tears that were burning in his throat and behind his eyelids.
- symptoms of cocaine withdrawal
' John's grandmother had always said. John had stopped believing long ago. And yet, here was Sherlock, who had fallen into his lap like a silver dollar in the fairy tale. John was forcibly reminded of the many times Sherlock had been there for him... had done things for him... had been prepared to make sacrifices as if it were a matter of course, all but giving up his entire self in a way that nothing else even came close to.
His stomach turned at the memory, and he saw red. But then he caught sight of something... at the edge of his consciousness, at the edge of his field of vision. Was that a wink? The trembling of a single dark curl? He didn't know how it happened, but Sherlock's gaze pulled at him, caught him. Sherlock's gaze... composed, supplicating, apologetic... and John's anger and bitterness drained away, dissolved in the soothing, reassuring gleam of those fascinating pale eyes.
"As many as necessary," John answered with a fiendish grin and slapped Sherlock again.
That afternoon, John returned home in high spirits. He'd already given Bridges the rest of the day off; Mike was in a taxi heading back home where he would be reunited with his Susan; Dave and Naresh - who had more than earned a break after the tension of recent days - were also on their way to their respective houses, and he... he was looking forward to Sherlock.
"Just tired," John said, brushing him off. Truth be told, his thoughts were still caught up in his talk with 'Call-Me-Ella'. "Where's Sherlock, by the way?" As if on cue, the sound of a violin floated in from the great hall.
"Why shouldn't I have a mobile? John gave me one months ago... I've simply never used it."
John's words suddenly resounded in his head like a gong:
"Mike," John interrupted him, both quiet and urgent. "It would end up being more than five minutes."
"Yes..." Mycroft Holmes nodded pensively. "I'd say so as well." He didn't seem to be entirely satisfied, however.
To judge by the rattling sounds which His Lordship was making, he was either about to have an orgasm or a heart attack. Sherlock secretly hoped it was the latter. At least it would be something different.
"Speaking of 'coming back to'... Your brother..." Greg started out hopefully, shoving the question of
Before Mike could do anything more than give his friend a look of disquiet and alarm, various mobile phones started to buzz, beep, and vibrate around the well-frequented establishment. Albright and his guests took out their phones as well. The news of Dimmock's involuntary demise was spreading like wildfire via text.
"Ooooh yeaaah..." Greg whispered, drawing the words out. "Perfect. Just perfect. I can hardly wait to feel you inside me."
"Don't you mean: why aren't you upstairs in bed with me?" John replied evasively, albeit in a playful manner.
"Is that so?!" Sherlock yelled back angrily. "Nice of you to let me know – you never said a word about me belonging to you!"
"It's none of your business," Sherlock blurted out gruffly. "It has absolutely nothing to do with you, and I..."
John continued to look grumpy. "And no sooner would she have noticed her mistake than she'd up and quit," he pointed out gruffly. "And then we'd be right back where we started. Perfect," he remarked, the word thick with sarcasm. "There's no way that bird's coming into this house," he stated categorically.
Mike's eyes got round, only to narrow a moment later. "Being polite? Excuse me if I don't buy that. I know my wife! In order to give her that reaction, you'd need to do a bit more than invoke the usual level of courtesy."
Some of them muttered,
Lestrade expected Mycroft Holmes to call for his secretary to serve him, but the mayor himself went over to a cabinet, opened it, took out a bottle and a glass and poured. He returned to Lestrade with the full glass in his hand and held it out to him.
All of a sudden, Sherlock thought he understood what was going on. A smile stole across his face. "Is this your way of apologising?"
"Yeah, it is. But you probably know more about all that than I do."
Mike rolled his eyes and was about to leave when he reconsidered and turned back to Sherlock, who was staring at the imaginary spot just under the ceiling once again with a somewhat forlorn expression.
"Ever heard of a prince's wand?" John wanted to know. Sherlock shook his head as well as he could. "No? The term '
He had never been happier.
Mike suppressed a smirk. He would have liked to ask what Sherlock was, if not a fling, but he decided to keep his mouth shut. It would probably just make John angry again. Like the time he'd thought Mike was insinuating that John was in love with Sherlock.
The brief swish of the riding crop through the air, the blow, the muted slap of leather on skin, the contraction, the sensation of cold - which only lasted for a fraction of a second - and then...
A tear rolled down Sherlock's cheek, and John wiped it away with his thumb in a tender gesture that neither of them foresaw.
"What..." Greg was just able to exclaim, but the mayor had already ended the call.
?" Sherlock echoed hesitantly. Oh, how he hated not knowing precisely what was going on in John's head.
It was none of his business. None at all.
Oh yes... there it was … that warm, wicked mouth with the firm, plump lips, tracing the outline of his cock through the material of his dressing gown and causing it to stiffen as a result of the enthusiastic caresses. The cold shower John had suffered through just a few minutes earlier was turning out to have been a sensible precaution; otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to control himself by this point. As much as this night was supposed to be a reward for Sherlock, John wanted to enjoy it to the fullest as well.
"You should have known I don't spout empty phrases," Sherlock replied matter-of-factly.
"Or what?!"
"Yes... to interrupt an action... to … put an end to it."
John laughed a little. "That your brother's daft?" Sherlock sighed happily and John laughed again. "Your brother's daft. And I really wonder how you managed to resist the temptation to kill him for so many years. I'm almost there myself. It can't have been a lack of opportunity on your part."
A stricken look came into John's eyes. "What have I done?" he whispered, horrified.
"He's fucking with you!"
Hesitantly, he went over to his bed and sat down on it cross-legged. His hands hung loosely down over his thighs, and the tips of his fingers wandered aimlessly over his penis and scrotum. He closed his eyes and felt for the pressure of John's arms around his chest. Sighing softly, he had to admit there was nothing there. The sensation of that embrace had dissipated, and the echo he fancied he felt was nothing but his imagination.
"Jealous?" Mike murmured in amusement.
John nodded slowly. "What about the police? Not that their investigation could possibly lead anywhere, but still..."
She couldn't help all of her alarms going off at the sight of Sherlock so discomfited. She knew the signs. He was about to ask her for something he didn't want to ask for, and she was going to agree to something she would normally never agree to.
"Oh God," John groaned. "I don't think I actually would have..."
Sherlock still reached for him. Seemed to enjoy everything they did together. Except…it seemed like…he didn’t enjoy it as
"You really want to … sleep with me, and not...? Really just...
John tried to assimilate that information with what he'd seen earlier.
A dull sound like a blow, a gurgling noise and a tense male voice: "The wanker bit me!"
Sherlock's body arched up one last time as the trembling fingers rubbed his cock with gentle pressure... made him ejaculate... made him discharge... ended the exquisitely hellish climax.
"Well..." Sherlock said, in place of a proper response.
He understood then that John would never send him away... and Sherlock slowly began to let himsef hope that... one day... everything would really turn out all right.
John shut his eyes, pained, and Sherlock knew he'd won.
“Fantastic,” Sherlock said, the sound no more than a rattle in his throat.
"Sherlock! Irene!" Doris cried out to nip the argument in the bud. "That's enough! Both of you!"
Nothing had happened, yet everything had changed.
"Oh, God," John gasped, wiping tears of laughter from his eyes. "I don't believe it."
John came twice a week and stayed with him for two hours – and no matter how ashamed Sherlock was of the fact, he couldn't deny that his life revolved almost solely around those four hours. As someone who had no illusions about the fact that he tended to succumb to addictions, he was fully aware that he was on the best way to falling head over heels under John's spell, and that with a frankly horrific ease and rapidity. He smoked less, ate more healthily, and took great care with his appearance ... all because he knew John preferred it. He hated himself for it, and swore to himself over and over again that he wouldn't become so dependent – especially not on another person. But then John would show up and do such wonderful things with him that Sherlock tossed out all of his resolutions ... until John left again.
All of a sudden, Sherlock was overcome by a peculiar disquiet. He fiddled with the seam of his dressing gown and avoided her eyes so obviously that Irene froze then sank back down onto the chair.
"Just out of curiosity..." John picked up the thread of the conversation again. "You said before you'd never been interested previously... Still... how many offers have you received over the years? A hundred? More?"
John, who hadn't done so when he sat down, took the gesture as an intentional insult, and the combination of that along with Mycroft's words roused his combative spirit. He could still try the diplomatic route later. But right now, he needed to put this arrogant snot in his place.
However, a meeting had just ended in one of the hotels that was anything but easygoing, and had cost John Watson in particular quite a lot of nerves.
John was the best thing that had ever happened to him. John... who could be so wonderfully demanding and cruel, and at the same time - in his own way - could read Sherlock's every wish in his eyes.
Sherlock was virtually chomping at the bit in anticipation of their next meeting. In the end, he had to wait five days before John returned.
"You just can't wait, can you?" the client laughed, running his hands over Sherlock's heated buttocks. "Then let's get down to it and have some real fun."
Sherlock watched wide-eyed as John sat down on one of the chairs with his trousers open, took out his half-hard penis, and reached for the small pitcher.
