Can't you see me with a special little lady
"Fine. Come on rug rats." We both let out a childish cheer as we follow our new guardian to the room we were shown the day before.
"Do you want to go back to her?" I lift my head off of her shoulder and shake my head before hesitating and nodding.
As soon as we step into the living area, I feel Steve's worrying gaze. I shoot him a quick smile but it doesn't reach my eyes. And he can tell. Peter is by my side instantly, asking if I'm okay and checking me over. I manage to convince him I was fine as I finally notice the two other people sitting on the sofa along with my new father. One was a man with light brown hair. He reminded me of Tony with the way he held himself. He looked pretty smart. And next to him sat a woman. Her fiery red hair pulled into a loose ponytail, one slim leg crossed over the other as she gave me a kind smile which I found myself happily returning.
"Good night Steve." He raises his eyebrow at me.
"Umm, Tiger, I know this probably isn't something you want but," Tony looks at Steve for help.
I try and I try and I try and I try and I try
I can't remember either of my dad's gave me a hug.
"Okay everyone, time for the married couples first dance." The DJ announces before playing Man like me by Robert Downey Jr I turn her delicately in time with the melody as other join us. the song finishes and everyone claps.
"Yeah I did all things considered." I reply as I take a sip of my hot beverage. I hop on one of the stools and rest my head on Pete's arm. He kisses my forehead.
"We shoot him in zie legs because his shield is zie size of a dinner plate." We repeat to him before high fiving.
"Kids, can we talk to you?" Tony says, a calm tone to his voice that I'm not used to hearing from a man. Me and Pete sit on the bed staring at them. Steve kneels down in front of my brother and Tony does the same to me, so we're eye level.
Sneaking out late tapping on your window,
"Well..." He started. "She seems nice." I smile and Pete bursts out into a fit of giggles. The man who made the comment looked at him weirdly.
"Tyler. What are you still doing up?" She asks, walking over to me but deciding against touching me when she sees how aggressive I'm being with the punch bag. I let everything go. I let all my pent-up frustration out, screaming, tears streaming down my face as I punch and kick. Repeating it over and over again until one insanely hard kick sends the bag flying, taking the clip that once was attached to the ceiling with it. And that was the final straw. I crumple down to the mat my hand over my mouth, muffling my sobs.
"Hey beautiful, what's going on?" MJ walks over to the pair of us and sits on her knees next to Lexie. "Who's this cutie?"
"Have fun girls. Oh and Tony told me to give you this." He pulls out a credit card from his back pocket handing it to the redhead on my left. The married couple say their goodbyes and Clint turns to me. I hug him and say thank you for last night.
"Are Dad and Papa getting a divorce?" I voice my thoughts without really meaning to. I see all three adults share a worried and alarmed look. I laugh darkly to myself.
"Kids."
"You're awesome. Can you teach me how to use a bow and arrow?" I take a step towards him with each sentence, bouncing slightly on the balls of my feet, my childlike innocence shining through. He looks at Nat then to my parents for permission. All three of them nod so he turns to me with a grin which I return.
"Smooth Shadow." Peter says slinging a casual arm over my shoulder.
"Ty take a seat. You're after Nat."
When everyone had finished up and Peter had made sure I'd had more than 2 slices, I help Tony clear up as Steve and Peter choose a movie for us to watch. We finished the dishes and went to join the other two on the sofa, jumping under the blanket. I sat along-side my brother as Tony cuddled into his husband. The title scene for Jurassic Park rolled and I smiled widely. I love this movie, I love dinosaurs. About an hour into the movie, my eyelids began to grow heavy and soon enough I was slipping between conscious and unconscious. Sleep finally consumed me. I woke slightly at the feeling of someone grabbing me. My eyes shoot open lazily, still tired. I feel someone try and sooth me like you do a small child.
"None of this is your fault Tiger. None of it okay? You don't deserve this." He stands with me in his arms. "Let's get you cleaned up them there's some people who really want to meet you." I sniff again and he wipes my tears causing me to smile. He takes my hand in his and pulls me into the EnSite bathroom, gesturing for me to hop onto the counter whilst he searched for a first aid kit. I do as he says, my cries subsiding into small hiccups. He pulls out an antiseptic wipe and presses it to my arm gently. A hiss escapes as a stinging sensation makes its way up my arm. Tony works quickly. Not making a sound as he wraps the bandage around my arm, securing it with tape, placing a small kiss over the top. I sniffle once again and he takes me into his arms.
When we're on the phone and you talk real slow,
[NAT] Toll would like to quit and be a florist
"Actually, Mr Stark, while you're here, do you mind helping us with something?" Pete asks shyly, not wanting to overstep any boundaries. But all Tony did was smile.
6 Months Later:
I'm sorry to myself
"It's going to be fine Ty, Dad and Papa have got this. Is Wade coming?" I sigh thinking about my boyfriend. I've not seen him in a few days.
"Yes he did. Now homework."
"Not now Tony." Wanda growls through gritted teeth, tightening her hold on me.
I'm so sorry, I'm not sober anymore
"Hey Ty. This is for you." He hands me a black backpack with purple zips and seams. It's pretty heavy so I open it and find everything that I could possibly ever need for school. A full pencil case, 3 binders, Notebooks, textbooks. Everything.
"Miss Tyler, may I suggest that you look in the back door of the wardrobe? It's filled with outfits especially for special occasions and parties. Your father insisted on it." Taking the AI's advice, I pull open the very back doors of the surprisingly spacious room, closing my eyes at the sight. There was a dress in almost every colour and every style. I begin rummaging through them, trying to find something that wasn't a dress and I managed to do just that. I pull out the outfit and smirk happily at my choice before leaving to get changed. My room was heated now so there was no longer need for the towel. I drop it in the laundry basket next to the en suite and walk towards the draws where my underwear and bras are kept. I failed to notice the figure sat on my bed.
"Go on, it's your room. Open it." She pushes the door open carefully gasping at the interior. It's blue walls accompanied by white furniture, twin bed with two matching bedside tables, a desk with art stuff and a new laptop and Stark phone on it. There's a wall length book shelf filled with different genres and age groups.
I do it every, every, every time
"You clean them up and you." She says turning to Pete. "Come with me." We wish each other luck with our eyes and set out with the tasks we'd been given. By the time I had got the younger children looking presentable, it was 9:35. People would start showing up at around 10 so that gave me about 15 minutes to fix whatever a mess I looked like even though I know that there is no point. No one wants a 14-year-old, deep down I hoped that one day, someone would come and save me and Peter before it's too late.
TW: transphobic Flash
"Hey kiddo." She gives me a warm smile which I return lazily before her eyes narrow.
"Hey MJ."
"It's okay baby?..." he trails off waiting for me to finish his sentence which he always does when he doesn't know my preferred gender.
"Hey kid, do you know where your sister's room is?" She nods enthusiastically, grabbing mine and MJ's hands in each of her own, pulling us up the stairs stopping in front of a door that brings back so many memories.
"No, I'm not mad Ty. Just upset that you didn't ask me to do it. I did hair and make up at college. I know what I'm doing. Now shush and let me work." I comply with his request as he begins snipping away at my hair. I feel my head become lighter and he places the scissors down next to me. I'm too scared to look at my reflection. I hear the buzz of a shaver before it gets placed against the side of my head lightly.
"Hey kiddo. You ready?" I nod my head frantically. Today is the day my therapist decides if I need any further steps taken, such as medication or a different type of therapy. Personally, I don't think I need therapy anymore but everyone else thinks differently.
"No, he's just an idiot." I shake my head at the weirdo I call my big brother. The other man spoke up.
But I want it that way
"I'll tell you what, why don't we make a deal? You continue on your medication until after your finals then we'll take you to a therapist to see if you need it anymore." I nod.
"As much as I would love to stay the night, I can't. I've got school in the morning and then I've got a visit." Both of them let out a pained hiss of air. "Yeah."
(Bold=Tyler)
"Of course Tyler, I didn't just come all this way to see your parents, I wanted to see my nephew and niece as well. It has been to long. Please hop in, I'll give you a lift." The three of us get into the car, Peter in the passenger seat with me and MJ in the back, our interlocked hands resting on the middle seat. Loki notices and raises an eyebrow at me through the rear view mirror. I feel my cheeks heat up as the blood runs to my face.
"Same old I guess. Oh and thanks for the heads up on the name change." I say sassily.
But she doesn't know who I am
"Thank you." Her hand rubs my back.
"Sorry to hear that bud." Steve expresses, putting a comforting hand on his shoulder. Peter shrugs.
"Flashback." I offer a sheepish smile which both of them return. Steve clears his throat.
"You good?" He asks. I nod.
"I am calm." I snap. I take a few deep breaths through my nose. "Just get my dads in here." He picks up the phone in the room and calls through to reception, tell them to let my family through. Within 3 minutes there's a knock on the door, dad peeking his head round the corner. I gesture them inside and the three of them take a seat on the couch, Nat pulling be off the bag and into her lap. I relax in the familiar arms, resting my head on her shoulder. I pay near to know attention to what they're saying.
"Oh I've missed you guys."
"Text me when you get there. Call me if you need to. We'll come and get you if you want."
"It was Melody. Melody-Elizabeth. It's what I called my guitar. I got my guitar and my name change on the same day. I didn't want Melody to die so I gave my name away. I don't regret it." Just as she was about to reply, a voice cut through the low hum of the food court.
"Umm you there in the yellow shirt with the blood." Flash. Of course.
"No I think Black Widow is cooler." Blake corrects, pulling her sister into her lap. "It's a shame all the Avengers are retired, this place could really do with them." I've never empathised with something so much. Time to open up.
"You don't have to make a speech you know?" I shake my head quickly.
To the ones who never left me
"Don't sweat it. I just hope you'd do the same for me."
"Please be my guest." Thor gestures to the hammer. Clint places down the drum sticks he was playing with and stands up.
"Holy Shit." I say as I take in what's in front of me. It's completely full. From jeans to jackets and shirts to boots. Everything I could ever want is in here. I step inside and set out on looking for work out gear. I spot a collection of sports bras and pick out one that says bitch please on the front. Pairing it with some brand-new leggings and a pair of Adidas trainers. I retie  up my hair, grab my headphones and leave my room.
"Really Spider-Man?" She asks, head tilted to the side, amusement evident in her voice. Spider-Man glares playfully at the girl.
"Of course, are you all still able to come tomorrow?"
"What's your name honey?" She stares at me for a while, having an internal conversation with herself.
She pulls me into Hop Topic and it looks like paradise. Band merchandise is lining all the walls.
"I tried." I sob out trying to keep the water works at bay.
"Let's start off easy okay? With the whole names thing; we'd be more than happy if you called us dad and papa, Pete already does and we're never going to leave okay? So you can get that worry off your little brain." Tony grabs my hand that is now resting on the table and Steve wraps his arm around my shoulders once again.
"I kiss you, does that count?" She kisses me once more. I hum.
"Tyler! You're here already." I nod with a fake smile. The girls seem to notice me as well.
"Hey mom. Can we know where we're going yet?" I know what your thinking. Pepper's mom now? After the divorce was through, dad was in a pretty rough spot, Pepper brought him out of it. They've been dating since the whole Germany fiasco and she's become 'Mom'. Dad doesn't mind, he's happy that we've accepted her into our family.
[CLINT] And Vladimir collects ceramic unicorns
"Of course doll, in a heartbeat. I'll leave you in piece. See you later Tyler." I wave him out of my room as I collapse into my bed, closing my eyes.
"What about you Tyler?" Tony inquires. I grimace and Peter takes my hand in his, gripping it tightly.
6.   No secrets or lies.
You are my fire
"You spoke to Loki didn't you?" He chuckles at my response.
"Sorry. Did I wake you up?" They seem to have a silent conversation before all of them leave apart from Bucky, Clint and Natasha. The three remaining come and sit either side of me.
"Yes." My shoulders begin to shake.
See, I ain't as cruel and vicious as I seem
"Keep your daughter. And why are you fighting so hard huh?" Steve looks a little put out but answers anyway.
"Anytime princess. Now get dressed. Your boyfriend will be here in half an hour."
"You should come round some time, Dad misses you.
"Jarvis, tell everyone in the tower to meet me on the common floor. As soon as."
"Kids, go do homework or whatever. Dinner will be ready in an hour." Steve ushers us out of the room and I notice dad following me to mine. I enter my room and hold the door open for him. He takes a seat on my bare bed and pats the spot next to him. I sit down, leaning forward, sitting on my hands.
"Easy Tiger. This is my husband, Clint. Clint, this is the one I was telling you about." I relax.
"She's a pain in my ass."
"Then why come back?" I sigh, this is gonna be hard.
[NAT] Bruiser knits
"Well we've already been preapproved to adopt so, yeah basically. We'll just read over her file, sign a few things, get her stuff and get out of here." MJ sighs, her smile not disappearing.
"Stay safe kiddo. Don't be too long, we've got things to do today." I salute and head down the stairs to the gym. It was more crowded. I recognised a few of them; Thor and Steve were having a weight lifting competition, Natasha and Clint were sparring, Wanda was on one of the treadmills and vision was doing sit ups whilst reading a book. Nobody noticed me enter so I slipped off to the back room where the punch bags are. Taking precautions this time, wrapping my wrists and knuckles in tape before laying my assault onto the sand filled bag. My grunts fill the small area. I'm not really sure how long I'm going for but, yet again, I manage to knock the bag down, instead of crying this time though, I do a simple aerial over to get another one. I pick it up and hold it over my shoulder. Turning around to see most of the Avengers looking at me, shock written all over their faces. I glare.
"I don't seem to have a badge for you guys."
"No. No. No. Please no. Daddy! Don't let them take me please. Daddy! I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'll fix it. I promise. Please! I love you." Screams and sobs rip from my throat, my eyes still closed. Steve drops me quite harshly to the ground. I curl myself up into a ball, unable to control my breathing. Clint snaps out of it first, crouching down beside me.
"Daddy." I pull away from Nat and straight into my dad's arms. He picks me up with ease which puts him off slightly.
Steve gripped Tony's right hip harder and he pushed forward the wet tip slipping forcefully into the tight channel. “Yeah that's it.” Tony gasped. “Come on give it to me. Give me that cock Captain.” Tony's voice was rough, a few octaves lower than normal. Steve was more than willing to give Tony exactly what he was asking for. He gave a hard thrust, his hips snapping forward, the front of his thighs slapping hard against the cheeks of Tony's behind as he buried himself balls deep into Tony's hot channel.
Steve nuzzled his face into Tony's leg. “I do...I want it so much. You'll feel it soon too, it will feel so good Tony.” Steve mumbled against him pressing his mouth closer and closer to Tony's groin. Despite his willpower Tony could feel the pollen working in his system, the aphrodisiac was pumping blood down to his cock making him grow hard. His cock rose, jutting out from his body obscenely, aching for touch. Steve's eyes grew hungry as he stared swiping a pink tongue across his wet lips. Tony was big, bigger than Steve had predicted given Tony's shorter stature, but there had always been talk of Tony being hung and it turned out not to be an exaggeration. Steve practically felt his wet hole flutter, his channel clench in excitement. Tony's cock would fill him so well, the centipede had gotten him nice and ready, wet, loose and open.
Tony's eyes flicked down to both their hands and then back to Steve's face. “This probably is a bad idea.” He stated and Steve's expression fell to dismay. “-But when have I ever been a reasonable man? Bad idea...good idea...it doesn't matter. I have wanted you for a long time now, but I never thought you'd want me or that I even deserved you.”
“Just relax okay? This may feel odd.” Steve opened the bottle and poured some of the lube into his fingers and reached down between Tony's legs, dipping below his balls and caressed lightly around his hole.
“Saved your life didn't it?”
Steve shut his book and set it down on the coffee table. “Is this another coffee run Jarvis? Or is Tony having another craving for gummy bears.” Since Tony's hiatus in the workshop he had often used Jarvis to contact certain Avengers with small requests for items.
“Tony...please don't I don't need to hear any of it right now.” As much as Steve didn't want to let go of the Avengers he knew what the reality would be. He'd be removed from the team. He couldn't function properly as long as he was experiencing this problem. “I'll go to Bruce, I'll submit myself for quarantine again. I'll...I'll do whatever-.” He flinched when he felt a hand on his shoulder and Steve looked up finally meeting Tony's eyes. What he saw wasn't disgust or anger it was...he didn't know what to call it. Tony's eyes were the deepest, purest Steve had ever gazed into. Warm pools like melted chocolate and framed by thick dark lashes. Tony's eyes when Steve took the opportunity to appreciate, were quite beautiful. Doe's eyes some would describe them, and Steve found himself lost, staring into them.
“Been hunched over a desk the last few days, figured I could stretch my legs maybe do a quick ten minutes on the treadmill and go back with some fresh eyes.” Tony replied. “I could be asking you the same thing. This isn't your typical routine.”
Steve need only a few more thrusts into Tony's clenching hole before he joined his omega into orgasm. Steve's seed spilled into Tony's body, he gave a few more quick shallow thrusts before burying his cock to the hilt. “So good, so-so good Tony.”
Tony watched him, Steve's reactions, he was so responsive and sensitive. Tony didn't last long the combined high of the pollen with the imagery had him comming quickly. Long drawn out pulses that spilled onto his own abdomen. The centipede pulled away from Steve suddenly and it reared up cocking its head inquisitively and clicking its pincers together. Tony let his body go lax, his head falling back as he regulated his breathing. Two orgasms was a feat for him, but bringing that up to three was unheard of, especially for his age and how close together. He was gonna be sore in a few hours, the fatigue was beginning to settle. The centipede made a sudden high-pitched squealing noise jerking Tony out of his haze.
The worst part of this whole ordeal was registering Peter under the Accords.  Although he was a minor, he still had to document his powers as Spider-Man.  Tony was lucky, in a way, that he was Peter’s father and therefore Spider-Man’s legal guardian.  It gave him the power to ground the boy whenever he pleased and the UN listened to him and his reasons.  He had to strike a deal with the UN to keep Spider-Man identity within the confines of the council so that Peter could live a normal, teenage life until he turned 18.  He got enough attention as it was being the son of Tony Stark.  He didn’t need any more as Spider-Man.
know how he would answer it truthfully.  “That’s all the questions I’ll be taking today.  Thank you.” He waved as he headed off the stage and towards the car Happy had waiting for him.   His exhaustion must have been evident as he collapsed in the seat beside his friend and listed sideways.  He felt a blanket be tossed over him and the car rumble on, but his mind went blissfully blank after that.
“From what?  Making our own decisions?”
He threw Steve’s shoes on the floor of his closet and threw the jacket on the desk chair.  Turning to stare at the rest of the room, Tony felt his heart stutter.  The pictures on the wall, the dog tags thrown on the bureau, the book and sketch pad next to the bed, the pajama pants thrown on the chair next to the closet.  All remnants of the blond.
“Why would he do this?” the teen got out, gripping the note tightly and turning to look at Tony.  “Why would he think this would help the fact that he left us, left me?”
When Tony surfaced from the workshop, 4 hours since he went down after Peter went to bed, he was running on autopilot.  In between the UN meetings he had to attend and his son to provide for, Stark Industries was taking a little bit of a hit with the lack of designs flowing in.  He had been smart in the past to backlog enough designs to last the company a year or two in case anything happened, but he didn’t want Pepper to have to rely on those.  Iron Man hadn’t even made an appearance since he had been declared healthy, and he doubted it would until the Accords were at a place he deemed sufficient.
“Who knew you’d become the tutor to every kid related to the Avengers?” Peter asked as FRIDAY booted up the jet.
Slowly, the three rallied and stumbled behind Tony towards the guest rooms.  With Ned and MJ situated, Tony followed Peter to his bedroom, stopping in the doorway.
Tony pressed his fist onto his mouth, swallowing down whatever noise was trying to claw its way out.  They had lost. And Steve wasn’t there.
“Captain Steven Rogers, also known as Captain America, is stuck firmly in his belief that the Accords are stripping the rights away from supers.  What he fails to realize is that supers have a tendency to destroy and harm in addition to all the saving that occurs.  What he fails to understand is that maybe supers need to answer to somebody, too, just as military officers must answer to their superiors.  But, I digress, I am not necessarily here to talk about what went through Captain Rogers’ mind during this whole debacle.
did it?” he asked himself.  It didn’t take long to find the main room, where Maw had Strange elevated in the midst of glowing crystals.  He was about to make his entrance when he spotted red and blue out of the corner of his eye.  “Peter?!”
“I know,” Tony nodded, focusing back on Strange. “I know.”
“He did it.”
“Who could find him?” Strange asked, stopping Tony from ranting at Bruce about Vision’s complexities.
“Dad,” Peter grumbled, shifting deeper into Ned’s shoulder.  Ned was still out cold.  MJ wasn’t faring any better.
Tony hissed at the cold floor in the kitchen and told FRIDAY to raise the temp up a few degrees.  A quick glance outside confirmed that it was snowing.  The living room was drearily empty, which meant that Peter was still in bed.  The clock on the stove showed 10am, so he set the coffee to brew and went to wake up Peter.
” he spat out.  “I gotta go.  Have a nice holiday.”
“Have you…heard anything?”
Two teardrops fell to the page, soaking through the white paper.
By the time the jet came and Vision had loaded the dead suit and shield into the bay, Tony’s breaths had slowed and rattled on every exhale.  He lay back against the wall, deep coughs causing his ribs to scream but were necessary to clear his throat of the thick blood choking him. He had to live to see Peter; he had to live to fix this shitshow.
Hour after taking off, Tony had collapsed in feverish pain.  The stab would was an angry red and his whole abdomen felt as though it was on fire.
“Tony!” Clint barked out, gripping his shoulders.  He grabbed Tony’s empty hand and pressed it against his chest.  “Focus on my breathing, on the rise and fall of my chest.”
Tony clenched his left hand behind the podium, feeling the ring where it still circled his finger.  “Does anyone know what will happen in the future?” he smiled sickly sweet, not answering at all because he honestly
Tony saw Peter ready to open his mouth and say something about Spider-Man and cut him off with an “Okay, that’s enough.  They’re both fine skills.  Let’s move on.  Lila, how’s pre-calc going?”
“You have to if you want to heal.”
Pepper looked like she was going to say something, but was interrupted by a voice coming from the hall. “I’m proud of you too, Dad!”
Nebula’s arm was functioning perfectly and she asked him to look at her hand.  It had barely taken him an hour to optimize it.
“Anthony Edward Stark!” the door burst open, banging against the wall.  “Are you
“Shit,” Tony muttered, turning away from the men.  He rubbed his beard before admitting “Probably Steve Rogers.”
son, had to ask that awful question.  Gutted that this clusterfuck of a situation, their shitty communication skills, and the need to always
“Dad!  Hurry up so we can get coffee!”
“When we were your age, I promised him I’d stay by his side till the end of the line.  I let him down when I couldn’t save him during the war, and this is my chance to make it up to him.”
Tony inhaled through his nose.  “We are going to have the
Tony’s heart stuttered momentarily as he took in what Peter had just asked.  “Uh, yeah.  Course, Pete.  If you can find the recipe.”
“Your math is blowing my mind,” Tony stated sarcastically.
Everyone leaned back in placation, grabbing some more cake as the movie continued.  Next was Alien, followed by the Terminator.
“Doesn’t say,” Tony muttered, ripping open the end of the box.  His hand came in contact with an envelope, marked with his name written in neat scrawl.  “Shit.”  His face went cold.
“There’s protein right here,” Tony motioned to the burger in his hand.  “And veggies!” he smiled, pulling out a piece of lettuce.
“The defendant is hereby required to report to the office of Secretary Ross to sign the Accords and the agreement to give up the Ant-Man suit and any and all business with Dr. Hank Pym.  The defendant will be sent to his home in San Francisco and fitted with an ankle monitor. He will be placed on house arrest for two years followed by parole.  Dismissed.”
Inhaling shakily, he stuttered “No, no, you’re all right, you’re all right.”
Tony jutted out his jaw in thought.  “Nice.  Good.  Gotta love a moral compass.”  He turned towards Peter.  “Okay, Pete.  I’m declaring you a full Avenger now,” he stated, using his arm to knight him.
“What is that?”
old room.
He sighed, slumping back in the couch.  He was guiltily glad to know he wasn’t the only one left drained by the situation. “Because I know how much this all sucks, and I wanted to check in on you and see if I could help at all.  Taking care of one kid is a full time job, I can’t even imagine taking care of three.”
“Shit,” Tony muttered, feeling the suit start encasing him.  “Sorry, guys.  Fatherly duty calls.”  The board didn’t look too upset, most having children of their own and knowing the sense of panic when the school calls about something.
“Don’t you dare pull a Pops on me!” Peter griped, getting in some shots before being sent to the wall.
They had almost gotten the gauntlet.
It was noon when Pepper entered their floor of the tower to meet with Tony and Peter for lunch.  However, she was greeted with the sight of the two on the couch.  Tony was propped against the arm, head thrown back at an angle that was going to smart when he woke.  Peter was cuddled against his side, drooling slightly on Tony’s chest.
“Steve…I know you left.  I know I took it too far, and I’m sorry.  I know that we haven’t talked since that day. But this is it.  Peter’s gone…and I’m about to be too.  I was really hoping to pull off one last surprise, but it looks like…” he trailed off, staring into the stars again.  “You know what it looks like.  Don’t feel bad, Steve.  I mean, if you grovel for a couple of weeks and then move on with enormous guilt, I wouldn’t be too upset.”
“I’m surprised he waited this long to come back,” Tony admitted.
Quill looked horrified as he too started to disappear.  “Aww man.”
The redhead nodded and grabbed his hand, thumbing at the empty ring finger.  “You took it off.”
“Won’t hurt him,” Peter finished, grinning.
“Then you don’t talk to him,” Tony answered.
“Thank you,” Tony replied, satisfied.  He turned around and motioned for Peter that it was time to go.  “You okay with riding along on the suit?”
The man took it, laughing at the chipmunk cheeks the boy was sporting. “How long did the doc say you had to stay here?” he inquired.
“Yeah!” Drax added, crossing his arms.
“Thank you, platypus,” Tony said cheekily as he signed off.
He didn’t hear that Clint was back in the United States until Rhodey called him.
The sun was blinding, radiating on the city that was already melting from the summer heat.  Tony was dressed in a soft linen suit with a dark shirt, hiding the glow of the reactor from the public.  He wasn’t ready to reveal that piece of information yet.
“Yes, this is—this is Tony Stank,” Rhodes said, motioning to Tony.  “You’re in the right place.  Thank you for that!” he grinned, turning towards Tony.  “Never dropping that, by the way.” Tony rolled his eyes as Rhodes turned back to the walker.  “Table for one, Mr. Stank!” Rhodes called out, ignoring the exasperated laugh from Tony.
Tony hit the hold button to bring Ross back on the speaker.  “Sorry about that, I’m a bit busy.  What was it that you were saying?”
Peter’s eyes widened.  “I’ve slept!”
A warm hand on his shoulder caused him to look back up.  “We can do it after we make dinner, okay?”
Peter just laughed in response.
“You be there for Peter,” she murmured, afraid of shattering his heart anymore.  “You move on.  You keep saving the world.  You save yourself and your son.”
Dinner consisted of six boxes of Peter’s favorite pizza from the parlor down the road.  Tony knew better than to believe that Pete, Ned, and MJ wouldn’t eat a whole box each.  He was even willing to bet that Peter would shovel down two whole pizzas.
“Uh, yeah.  Hey Pops,” he sniffed.  “Merry Christmas.”
“He’s already had to deal with the consequences of his actions that resulted in months of isolation away from his family and home.  I don’t think he needs to hear another lecture from you,” Tony spat out.  “Shove your dick elsewhere, Ross.  This measuring contest is one you’ll never win.”
Tony found himself dragging his feet behind Peter as he walked up the dirt path to the front door.  Everything seemed the exact same no matter how many times he visited.  The area he and Steve had their argument while chopping wood, the shed where he had fixed the tractor and told Fury his deepest fear, the chair on the porch he had sat in for hours before Steve came to take him to bed.
Peter sniffed over the line.  “Oh.”
Ironically, July 4th actually was Steve’s birthday.  He would be 40 today, or, technically, 98.
“Guys?!” Strange yelled, voice lacing with pain as the crystal started driving into his head.
Tony didn’t speak for a while, catching his breath and covering his eyes as if that could stop the constant burning there. “He won’t be coming back with me, Pete.”
“Fine, but if I see you pushing yourself too hard or even thinking about stepping out of this room I will make you regret it
to give me a goddamn heart attack?” Rhodey yelled, rolling to the side of the bed.  He glanced at the redhead next to Tony and the boy at the end of the bed.  “Hi Pepper.  Hey Pete.”
She groaned and cradled her head in her hands.  “I hate it so much.”
The shield.
“I know.”
“What if I can’t?”
He pulled it out, admiring it.  One side said in massive letters “Best Dad Ever!” and the other side had a picture of the two of them at Christmas last year, grinning over Peter’s brand new Star Wars Lego set.
The chocolate chip cookies he and Peter had baked were left out with the milk right next to the fireplace.  A silly tradition considering both of them knew Santa Claus did not exist, but Steve had always been adamant on celebrating the holiday to the fullest.  Not in the way that supported the corporate greed of companies or the way the media portrayed, but in a way that celebrated family.  Because, at the heart of Christmas, it was all about celebrating what you had and cherishing your loved ones.
Tony chuckled without any mirth, spurring on a coughing fit that sent pain stabbing through his chest.  He felt spittle hit his lips and wiped it off without looking.  “I’m fine, Peter.  I’ll be home soon enough.  The jet’s already on its way.”
“Hey Laura,” he wavered, entering the house and toeing off his shoes.
Tony nodded, standing next to her.  “Let’s get to it.”
“I love it, Pete,” Tony choked out, gathering his son in a tight hug.  “Thank you.”
Peter sniffled, shutting the door behind him as he left the room.  “They better be good this year.  The finale last year was just plain boring.”
Tony grinned, holding out his hands in a gimme motion.  “Thank god, I’m starving.”
“Always, Tony.”
Peter sighed, collapsing on the couch next to Tony.  “I—“ he started, pausing to gather his thoughts.  “I’d like to, but I think I would just end up yelling a lot and not really saying anything.”  He frowned.  “It feels weird, not having him here today.” He grabbed one of the couch pillows and hugged it to his chest.  “I even had a gift picked out for him before he...”
Mantis leaned forward and widened her eyes.  “Kick names, take ass.”
Peter bit his lip.
“Want to tell me why you two were sleeping out here before Peter comes back?”
He wheezed to the living room.  Maybe Steve was watching the latest baseball game and arguing with Peter about the better sports snack to have.  He could almost hear the laughter if he strained his ears hard enough.
“Oh stick a cork in it, we got along great.”
Peter had yelled out in excitement.  “Which car is it?”
Tony didn’t know how he could be so blind to his son’s pain.  As a father, he should have known Peter was hurting just as much as he was.  But he was so wrapped up in his injuries, in trying to fix the Accords, in trying to bring Steve back without outright asking for it, that he had completely missed the hollow look Peter had.
He couldn’t stay in this room any longer.
Scott Lang was back.
“All in favor?” Tony asked.  Only one hand did not lift.  “It’s settled.  Mr. Heusgen, would you like to lead the charge on giving prisons the means to hold supers?”
Tony was in the middle of another meeting, this one thankfully with the Stark Industries board, when he got the call.
Vision hauled him into the jet and began treating him, hands firm but surprisingly gentle on his wounds.  Tony faintly heard Pepper on the phone, speaking in frantic but hushed tones.  He tried to focus on her words but only caught one thing before he succumbed to the darkness.
“Will you be mad if I do?”
“Yeah, it does.  He always loved any excuse to do cheesy family stuff.”
The throbbing pain behind Tony’s eyes only got worse as the council started arguing over the Raft and its uses.  Secretary Ross was being the loudest in favor of keeping the prison operating and used, citing that it was the only facility currently made for housing enhanced individuals.  He had maybe three other nations on his side while the rest had sided with Tony.  He, along with the majority of the council, argued that it was inhumane to hold people there in a facility so isolated and didn’t allow the basic human rights that the inmates deserved.
“Good.”  Tony gathered Peter in a hug.  “I love you. We’re going to kick some ass, okay?”
“No,” Tony grounded out, stalking over to Strange. “You don’t understand.  Thanos has been in my head for
“This is why we were never friends.”
Tony woke on Christmas morning feeling cold.
“That shield doesn’t belong to you!” Tony yelled out.  “You don’t deserve it.” He spat blood onto the cold concrete.
Tony smiled, grateful for his little family he had found.  “Yeah, Pep. ‘Course.”  He waved goodbye and headed towards his room.  He had never felt old before, but the ache in his chest made him feel like he had aged ten years within the month.   He found Peter waiting outside his room, holding a small box in his hands.  “What’s this?”
“God, Pete,” Tony said wetly, rushing over to grab the teen in a hug.  “I’m so sorry,” he whispered, letting Peter cry into his chest.  “I’m never going to leave you, Pete, okay?  It’s always going to be me and you, till the end of the world.  We’re a team, right?”
“Oh my god,” Scott whispered, burying his head in her hair.  He glanced at Tony, who was setting up the flight they would all take to San Francisco, where Scott would get fitted with his anklet and then left mostly alone.  “Thank you, Tony.  Thank you.”
Tony gulped as the harsh truth came back to him.  Maybe he had come back in the night.  Maybe he’d be in the kitchen, cooking some breakfast for him and some lunch for Peter.  Maybe he’d be waiting with a soft ‘aw shucks” smile and an apology on his lips.
The boy huffed a laugh.  “That doesn’t surprise me.  Dum-E is as sentimental as they come.  What did I call it, again?”
“Cap and I fell out, hard.  We’re not on speaking terms anymore.”
Tony looked back at his son, tears threatening to flow.  Peter’s eyes got wide.  “Oh god, do you not like it?  I’m sorry, I just know how much coffee—“
“Dad?”
She rolled her eyes.  “Drama queen.”
He turned away, hoping that would be enough to shove the memory to the side.  Instead, he was faced with something more painful.
The redhead sighed, looking away from the brown eyes.  “It’s pretty bad.”  She inhaled a shaky breath.  “You were dead for 5 minutes before they got the arc reactor back in.  Peter was a mess while you were out.  He barely slept or ate and he never left your side.”
“We cannot stay here,” Nebula spoke again, reaching a hand out for his shoulder.
“Uh, hello?” Strange called out, nerves causing his voice to shake a little.  Maw simply stared at the intrusion.
She grinned again.  “I’ll get you there in a few hours.”  She disappeared below the hull before popping back up again.  “Name’s Carol, by the way.”
At breakfast, Tony gripped his shoulder hard and told him, “I’m sorry, Pete.”
“What?”
He was tired of holding on to the anger and the pain.  He was tired of constantly fighting Ross to make the Accords into something that would bring the rest of the Avengers back.  He was tired of raising Pete without his other father.
His eyes focused, taking in the ship still around him and the glowing person outside the window.  He didn’t have the energy to do anything but widen his eyes at the blonde woman, who grinned and saluted him.  “Nebula?!” he called out, leaning forward in the seat a little.
“Love you too, Dad.”
“Metal hitting metal,” Tony admitted quietly, knowing Clint could hear him.  “The reactor.  Water.  Caves.  Hot sand.  Snow.  Space.  Steve.”
Tony could understand the sentiment.  “We’ll get you back home, Scott.”
Peter let out a sigh and collapsed on his bed.  “I just…I won’t pretend to understand why you made the decisions you did. But, I just, I just
“No, they can’t!  Human physiology doesn’t work like that!” he argued back.  Pepper shot him a glare, so he cleared his throat.  “We’re not getting into that argument again.  It’ll go on for another hour and Pepper will yell at me if I’m running late.  Have fun tonight, kids.”
“Where were you, young man?” he asked, crossing his arms.  “Is that the suit?  Peter, have you not been listening to me every time I tell you that you can’t be Spider-Man while the Accords are still being hashed out?”
“I didn’t lose him!” Tony defended.  “He’s more than that now.  He’s evolving.”
Peter nodded, grabbing some of the bell peppers from the fridge.  “Yeah, true, true.”
“Peter!”
“Dad, I’m sorry—“
,” she growled, handing a StarkPad over begrudgingly.
Halfway through the field towards the cows, he pulled away from Clint.  “Sorry about that.”
“Peter!  Plan?” Tony called out.
Three thumps sounded on the glass door to the room, breaking him out of his thoughts.  There was a mailman at the door.  “Are you…” he paused, squinting at the box.  “Tony Stank?”
“Guys!”
“No!!” Tony screamed out, clawing at the ash being whisked away with the breeze.
“You were hurt—“
The gaping silence filling the bedroom was a harsh reminder of reality.  That it was just him and Peter now.
Tony hummed as they came upon the cow pen.  He let the silence drag on as Clint puttered around.  One of the cows came up to him and nudged his hand.  He let his palm drag over the soft nose and up to the forehead.
Tony felt his heart stutter painfully in his chest.  This was his worst nightmare, that everything he did would never be enough,
“I have some stuff to get done for work.  If you need me, I’ll be in the lab.”  He didn’t turn to look back at Peter as he made his way towards the stairs to the lab.  He couldn’t take the guilt that would be in Peter’s eyes for saying the truth.
“Uh, yeah, I did.”
“No, we have to save the wizard!” Peter yelled out.  He ripped off his mask, gasping for air as the ship continued its ascent.  “Dad!  I can’t breathe!”
“Hi James.”  She sounded amused. Peter waved since his mouth was full.
“Okay,” Clint let out as he went to stand next to Tony.  “That wasn’t so hard, was it?”
“I was waiting for this,” he crowed, shoving a handful of fries in his mouth as he unwrapped his burger.   “Plus, hospital food sucks.”
At the dinner table, Ned, MJ, and Peter were monopolizing the conversation by talking about conspiracy theories they had about their teachers and classmates.  Rhodey and Happy had been goading it on, asking theoretical what-if’s about the teachers and making the kids even more suspicious of their poor chemistry teacher who sounded like he just needed a life.  Pepper and May had been laughing at their antics the whole night.
Tony cut him off with a hand.  “It’s fine, Pete. I know what you meant.”
Rhodey shook his head and grabbed a burger, leaning back in his chair.  “If you can’t beat ‘em…” he murmured.
Peter was on him in an instant.  “Dad!”  He felt weight leave his hand and move to his shoulder.  Tony looked at his son, trying to force the fear and despair from his eyes but knowing he was failing miserably at the heartbreak mirrored in Peter’s face.  “I’m sorry, Dad.”
“Flash Gordan?  That’s a compliment, you know,” Quill shot back.  “Don’t forget, I’m half human.  So that 50% of me that’s stupid?  That’s 100% you,” he jabbed a finger towards Tony and Peter.
Scott gave Rhodey a thankful look.  “Thanks, I’m a little nervous.”
It had started with Peter going MIA after school.  He didn’t show up at home at his usual time and he hadn’t sent a text to Tony about being late.  Tony had been worried, but that ramped up into freaking out when Peter didn’t answer any of his calls or texts.
“Don’t listen to him, FRIDAY!”  He yelled, slamming into the door only to find it locked.  “FRIDAY, how could you betray me like this?!”
You’ve put up with my weird antics, supported me being Spider-Man, and have stayed with me throughout this whole mess and I wouldn’t trade that for anything, Dad.”  He turned around, tugging at his hair.
She frowned and looked over her shoulder.  The Benatar was lying in the ruins and had taken some hits during the fight.  “We might be able to salvage that.”
Tony turned the helmet off, biting his lip before setting it to the side.  Lying with his back to the cold emptiness of space and his jacket draped on him, he fell asleep.
Tony shook his head with mirth, grabbing the box from the mailman.  “Thank you.”
“Well, what are you waiting for?  Call him,” Bruce motioned.
“I’ll be there in 30 minutes.  Can you hold off the trial until then?”
“I’m going to go batshit crazy without anything to distract me, Pep.  I’m going to sneak out of here and go to the workshop and start building a new suit—“
Tony watched in horror as he dissolved into dust.
Tony shook the thoughts from his head.  No time for personal feelings.  The announcer was finishing their opening statements and a woman with a headset on motioned for him to make his way on stage.  He put on his blue sunglasses against the harsh lights of the auditorium and to mask whatever emotion decided to unwittingly slip into his eyes.  The announcer gave him the podium and he gave his blinding publicity smile to the audience, full of news reporters and cameras.
come help out.”  He dodged a swing of the hammer only to be hit by the other hand.  “What’s this guy’s problem?”
”  Tony covered his face with the hand Pepper wasn’t holding.  “For two years, he made me coffee, made Peter’s lunch, lived with me, slept with me
“Yeah, MJ found it like 4 months ago at this market place in Brooklyn.  I didn’t want to go, because Queens is obviously better,” Tony laughed at this. “But I had to get it.”  He shoved his phone to Tony.  “It’s in the back of my closet.  I don’t really know what to do with it now.  I definitely don’t want to look at it anymore.”
Peter shut himself away in his room and Tony wasn’t about to barge in and force him to talk.  Peter never responded well to force, so Tony had to make himself more available for the boy to come talk to if he felt like it.  He was just like Steve in that respect.  Tony always threw himself into his work to distract his brain from looking too closely to any of his feelings.  Steve liked to sulk in private, shove each thing he felt under a microscope and pick it apart until it was unrecognizable, then unload it all onto someone.
“It’s already noon, Peter,” Pepper said, amused. “You both are already late for our lunch together.”
By the time Arnold Schwarzenegger had uttered his famous words, the teens were all drooling with sleep.  Careful to not disturb them, the adults paused the movie and tiptoed into the kitchen.
“No Ned, then!”
“You should send Aunt Pepper instead.  She’s scary when she’s angry.”
“The public likes the Accords and the limits they’re placing on superheroes.  There’s some that are against it, as there always is with politics, but everyone’s shown relief that you’ve signed them and backed them up.  That you want supers to own up to their actions.”  Pepper leaned forward, grabbing her phone from her pocket and holding it in from of him.  “Stocks have gone through the roof and more people are in support of you now than ever before.”
"Hello Tyler, I missed you. Nice haircut." I blush at his words.
"My beautiful, beautiful girl. Why baby? Why did you do this to yourself?" More tears. I started sobbing.
"Tyler can I talk to you?" The ex-assassin asks, barely keeping the urgency out of his voice. Steve raises an eyebrow but I just brush it off, gesturing for the brunette to follow me. We reach my room and he shuts the door behind him.
It may come as a shock to you that I actually replied. I wasn't going to but I thought I at least owe you this. You are right when you say it's going to take more than a 'I'm sorry' to fix this. It's going to take more than an 'I'm sorry' to get over the years of abuse that you caused. A lot has happened in my life since you left. The first one being, I no longer go by the name Melody-Elizabeth. My name is Tyler now. I know you would approve after what you told me. I'm 14 now, I still have no idea of how to be a normal kid, just like you said. I miss you too. How can I not? It's nice to hear that you've got a family now, your husband sounds great and I've always wanted little sister's. but I have my own family now. I have two amazing Dads who protect me so much, I have an older brother who loves me, I have enough aunt's and uncle's to last me a life time, I go to a great school, I have great friends and an amazing boyfriend. I'd love to see you again, maybe have you as a part of my family as well but, you hurt me. You hurt me in ways that words can't even begin to explain. I was 3 years old. What could I have possibly done to you that was so bad to force you to leave. And because of that, I was abused and tortured almost everyday of my life. Happy? Did I get what I deserved? I know you're trying but did you think about the mental scars left on me? Did you seriously think I'd just come running into your arms because you told me you'd changed? I'm not that same hopeful, bright eyed little girl anymore Mama, I've grown up. I've seen the horrors of the world with my own eyes. I've witnessed murder. I've killed with my bare hands. All because you thought you were in love. How did that work out for you?
"Are you on me team?"
"I'll call them later and get back to you." She turns to leave. "Bye Tyler. And for god's sake, be good." She closes the door behind her. Mom smiles at me, placing the girl on the floor who instantly latches onto my legs, looking up at me with a cheeky smile. I crouch down so I'm at her eye level.
"Damn." I whistle under my breath. Nat laughs at my reaction.
"What's up with you?" I ask sassily, strutting over to the coffee maker.
"Jamie please, you are boring me. Put the files on my desk and I will look over them and schedule a press conference when I'm back but as of 3 minutes ago, I'm not here. I've scheduled the week off for some important matters."
How does she know who I am?
"Hey Lex," she looks up at us with her shining blue eyes. "Would you like to come home with us?" I ask softly.
Well that’s it. Thanks to everyone who read this. And I’m wondering if I should do a sequel or not. What do you think? I love you 3000.
"Oh. You kiss your mother with that mouth?" He asks while walking towards the door.
"I'm not trying to replace Steve or anything."
"There we go. It's okay." I lift my head up to find that Steve was no longer in the room.
[NAT/CLINT] She's got a dream
"Hey you're okay. Breathe little bird. Name 5 things that you can see." I take a deep breath.
"You did." He answers, moving to stand next to me. "But no matter what he's done to me or how stupid he's being right now, he's your Papa. He's always going to love you and you him. Nothing is going to change that." I smile up at my dad.
"I slept with no one because I'm not a little slut like your girl over there." I point to one of Flash's many girlfriends. This seems to anger him more.
"Really Steve? I thought we said we weren't going to do this." Steve shrugged.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know why
"Well I sorta jumped and tried to flip and this happened." I couldn't contain my laughs any longer. Tony chuckles as he walks over to my brother reaching up and grabbing under his arms.
"You can prescribe them to me but I won't take them." I feel Nat shift and before I knew what was happening I was sat on the sofa and she was kneeling in front of me. She grabs one of my hand in hers.
"That's not it yet. Close your eyes Tiger." I do as I'm told and I hear shuffling from behind me.
"Steve's here." Peter says as we all just watch the youngest Stark eat her chicken nuggets, not knowing the history or depth of the situation that's going on around her.
"What do you think squirt? Do you like it?" Tony asks, seeming to be genuinely nervous in case I didn't. I didn't answer them. I stood there for a moment before launching myself into their arms, mumbling my thanks over and over again. They don't hesitate in returning the hug. Steve kisses my forehead and tells me that it was no bother. I go into Pete's room with the other two following me and see it's pretty similar to mine but the walls are painted a deep blue colour with all the elements of the periodic table scattered around the room in order. He turns to us with a grin on his face, having the same reaction I did. He hugs them and the cycle repeats. Tony grins at us.
"Jarv, please tell my Dad's where me and Wade are and let them know that the door is open. No rules being broken."
"So, what are your names?" He questions, his voice surprisingly calm considering the size of him. He looks just like, no wait. I glance down at my shirt then at the blond that asked the question. I repeated the action.
Though my face leaves people screaming
"Let's go home then."
"So umm, MJ I was wondering, would you like to maybe, go out with me sometime?"
"Tyler? Is something wrong? You've barely touched your food. Do you not like it? I can make you something else if you'd like."
"What's going on Tyler?" He asks after a few minutes silence. I don't respond, keeping my eyes trained on my hands. He sighs running his fingers through his hair.
"Damn straight." Is all I say, a giggle escaping my lips. Not after too long we arrive at the share floor of Natasha and Clint, who by the way is standing right in front of the doors when they open holding a box full of junk food and Disney movies.
"Oh. You heard that?" Steve shakes his head, an amused smile on his lips.
"Dude you got me a lightsabre?!?!"
"Nat and Clint's place remember?"
"But you don't want to talk because you're scared that somebody will hurt you if you do." She nods again. My heart clenches.
"How you feeling?" she asks, concern lacing her words.
20. Stay safe at all times and remember that we love you.
"Don't let. Him hurt you Spidey. If he does you tell me." I whisper low enough so only he can hear me. He smiles back and pulls me in for a hug. The rest of the day dragged like hell until finally, I was sat in the back seat of Papa's blue beetle listening to Peter animatedly tell the blond about his day.
"What about you Lexie?" My wife asks turning our attention to the younger of the two.
"But still." I laugh at his childlike pout. I lean up and press a kiss to his lips.
"I umm, put it in there. I thought you might like it but if you-" I cut off his rambling by throwing my arms around his neck.
I sit for awhile, staring into the water in the pond, wandering what it would be like if Papa was with us now. Probably boring. Mom's way better than he ever was. But do I miss him? Do I still love him like dad says I do? I think it's impossible to stop loving someone completely. Me and Wade broke up a year ago and yet sometimes, late at night I have to force myself not to dial that all too familiar number, just to hear his voice. I do the same thing with Aunt Nat as well. I really miss her. But she turned on us that day. I might ask dad if I can visit her soon.
The fight was gruelling. Nat let Cap and Bucky get away in a jet so we were only able to catch 4 of them, better than nothing though I guess. They've all been put on house arrest while the search for Papa continues.
"Come in." I say softly. Pepper opens the door slightly, sliding in and making her way over to me.
Food was passed around the table. Chicken and Peas were flying everywhere. The chatter was pretty loud, filled with old stories and laughs, I just sit there fidgeting nervously, both people either side of me notice.
"'K." She turns her attention to the picture she was drawing. Me and MJ go to the corner Lexie was sat in.
"Edward, Ned, Leeds. Level 6. Welcome back Ned." The whole class was losing their shit over that imagine how they feel when we go through.
"Never have I ever smoked weed." Me and Peter take a swig, sharing a nervous, cringy look. I cough before saying anything, the alcohol starting to take effect slightly.
"Are you okay?" is all he says as he sits down beside me.
"Well if it isn't my beautiful family." Pepper Potts walks into the spacious area, dragging her case behind her.
"Yellow?" I ask as I start another attempt at writing the speech.
"Don't thank us Ty, we're family remember, we'll always be there." Bucky reminds me, his hand on my shoulder.
"Lila shoved something up her nose. Nothing out of the ordinary. She's fine." We start the hour trek to our Aunt's house but it's not long before a very familiar car pulls over next to us.
"Miss Quinzel, would you like to tell me why your name has changed?" I pretend to think for a moment.
"I love you too."
"No that's not a question we need answered."
"Oh Tyler." I hear them all say. I stand up moving away from them like they'd just told me they'd got the plague.
"What time will you be back tonight?" Pete asks. I shrug. Wade kisses me on the cheek as I feel my phone vibrate in my pocket.
"Are you trying to entice me or what?" I smack the brunette with the leggings in my hand.
"I'm going to tell them. Tonight. At dinner. I'm scared." By the time I finish, Nat is sat beside me, rubbing my back comfortingly.
"All right children, on the bus." Everyone piled onto the cliché yellow school bus and tried to find seats near their friends. Ned and MJ sat together while me Peter and Wade sat in the back.
I got no excuses
Forever your daughter,
"My mother gave that to me before she died. That part there," he points to the red and gold ball at the end of the leather rope. "Is a fraction of a dying star. I was instructed to give it to the girl that stole my heart, and I have a feeling that might just be you." I clasp it around my neck and grin up at my uncle.
"What do you think of this, Sparky?" Wanda asks, I spin in the chair to face her. She's holding up a pair of none ripped, smart looking black jeans with a black button down and a silver tie.
"What gives?" She asks looking up, glaring at the brunette.
I wake again a few hours later. Groggily rubbing my eyes as I mumble about how mornings are a curse from Satan.
"Not on the suit." He jokes lightly before wrapping his arm around me, pulling me into his side. "Everything is going to be fine okay Ty, I promise." I sigh sadly.
the cleanest
"Let the kid get through the door first Hawk. Come on Ty. I'll show you to your room." Deciding it's best not to argue, I trail behind the older woman until she stops quite abruptly in front of a door.
"What did you just say?" Flash laughs, obviously thinking he made me upset.
"Yes Ma'am. I have sent directions to your Stark phone. May I suggest that you reach out to Boss for some emotional support?"
"Tony we need your help." I scoff at his bluntness but choose to keep my mouth shut for once. Dad sighs and sits down in the chair.
"I'll be there in a moment babe." Steve says as he kisses Tony, I cover my eyes and pretend to be disgusted when I was actually cheering inside.
"Mr Stark is making coffee, Mr Rogers is in his room and Master Parker is in the living quarters. Do you wish for me to notify them that you were asking for them." I shake my head.
"Yes, go wake up your brother and his friend then you can have some."
Listen to Iron Maiden, baby, with me, ooh
We stay silent for the rest of the walk, nudging each other playfully with our elbows on the odd occasion. It didn't take us long to reach the penthouse level. The elevator doors ding open and I run out, jumping on my brother who managed to catch me just before I fell.
"I tried." I say simply. The blond kisses my head.
Than a country mile.
"Good night Ty."
"I'm scared you'll hate me."
Call me when it's over
"We love you kid. We really want you to be happy, we've wanted that for the past 8 years and it seems you've finally achieved it." Tony raises his glass and the others mimic his action.
"Yes." I throw my arms around the girl and slide the ring I brought onto her finger, pulling her in for a passionate kiss.
"What my husband here is trying to say is, we could do with knowing what happened so kk we know what to do and what not to do. Like say if somebody was suicidal, we wouldn't put a lock on the door for obvious reasons. You get me? We want to make sure you're safe at all times." Both of us reluctantly agree and have a mental battle about who will go first. I give Pete my puppy dog eyes and he sighs. I crack a small smile knowing that I'd won as Peter starts.
"7 actually. Now eat up. You need it." I do as he says and stab a piece of waffle with my fork, enjoying the flavour. Steve and Tony sit opposite us and we eat in silence. Tony coughs, pointing his fork at the both of us.
"Fuck. I can't do this Pete. They're going to kick me out. I can see it already." It's currently 2 hours before any of the guests start showing up and I'm pacing a hole through my brother's bedroom carpet.
"Ah my girls have arrived." He places the box down on the floor, grabbing Nat and kissing her. I mutter a gross under my breath. Clint soon turns to me with his arms open, a hopeful expression on his face. 'He kinda looks like a puppy dog.' I muse to myself accepting his hug shortly, not entirely comfortable with him yet due to our pervious meeting being a short one. I pull away and he grins, bouncing on the balls of his feet, excitement radiating off of him.
"No. I'm sorry. You're right. I wasn't there. But I will be form now on okay. I promise." I nod and rest my head on her shoulder feeling two more pairs of arms wrap around us.
"Penthouse please Jarvis." The AI doesn't respond but the elevator starts climbing upwards. It arrives the floor and the doors Bing open, allowing us to step through. Wade trails behind me like a lost Puppy as I open my bedroom door, gesturing him inside.
We get to our floor and I change into my pyjamas, instantly flopping onto my bed. Dad comes in shortly after.
The door was flung open not a second later, but instead of being greeted by my mom, there is a small girl the other side of the door. Her light blonde hair in two tuffs on the top of her head and her big green eyes shining in curiosity, with a teddy bear clutched under her arm. Footsteps can be heard in the distance.
"Sorry but no you have to be college level or older."
It wasn't my intention
"Neither can I but hey, you managed to sweep me off my feet until you know, were gay." MJ comes over to us and wraps her arms around my shoulder.
"Yeah. Why wouldn't I be. You're getting married. That must be pretty exciting." She chuckles at my enthusiasm.
"Yeah Pep, I got this. Go get some sleep."
[CLINT] Attila's cupcakes are sublime
"So umm, you don't want to talk about that so what do you want to talk about?" I shift uncomfortably and he notices.
"Suck a dick old man!" I storm to my bedroom, slamming the door behind me. 'Argh. Can't they just leave me alone?' I collapse onto my bed, burying my face into the pillow. There's a light knock at my door.
"Sure." I answer, already walking off in that direction. I approach the small makeshift fort sat by the lake, smiling widely, squatting on one of the small children's chairs dotted around.
"And then there's Tyler. What can we say about her? Well, she's a butthead, an aggressive little pixie and a pain in my ass. No. I'm just kidding. Tyler is one of the best kids I know, along with her brother. She's such a strong, independent, caring young lady. I am blessed to have ever met her. Me and her have some of the deepest conversations at 2 in the morning when neither of us can sleep. And I'm telling you that that girl has survived more than any grown adult could have and she came out smiling. She's an inspiration to me and to everyone she meets. She has this way about her that just makes you fall in love with her smile, so you'll do everything you can to see it again. We love you Tiger. Always." Another round of applause. I wipe my eyes and run up to my dad's, Peter not far behind me. We have a big family hug and everyone starts cheering. Now it's time for our speeches. Peter goes first because he's the oldest so me and dad's stand off to the side listening intently.
I want it that way
Momma, I'm so sorry, I'm not sober anymore
[ALL] She's got a dream
"Is it okay?" I just nod. She smiles. "I'm glad now come on. Let's go watch over the man child before he hurts himself."
"Sounds amazing."
"Maybe, though, I think Nat can teach you some things as well. She seemed pretty impressed. I mean, we all were. You've got a mean punch." I laugh at his comment, leaning more into his embrace.
"Hey, are you going to that conference with Pepper?" Since the we had met the CEO of Stark industries the Saturday before she hired us as interns as she saw a lot of potential in us. We all know that the three of them (Pepper, Tony and Steve) are hoping that one day me, Peter and MJ will take over the company. Pete taking over Tony's job, MJ becoming the new Pepper and me, I'd be both. The secondary CEO and also designer.
Dear Mama,
"This is like 7th grade talent show all over again." I muse.
"Good, now go get some sleep. You've got a big day tomorrow." I throw my arms around the older man's shoulders and hug him tightly.
"Ah yes well, my brother has been quite stupid as of late. I'm actually here to apologise to the newlyweds. Where are they?" He asks, looking around.
"Steve?" I ask, not really believing my eyes.
"Yeah, I wanna be Shadow Knight when I grow up. And Blake is gonna be Spider man."
"Damn baby girl. You look fine today." I spin around at the voice, not bothering to cover up.
"Gross." We break apart to the sound of my brother being an actual 5 year old. I slap him around the back of the head and join hands with my girl.
"Yes I did now Tiger, Homework go." Just as I'm about to leave the room I turn back to my parents.
"Now come on. We've got to be in court in around 2 hours and it's an hour drive. You know your Papa likes to be early." We link arms and head towards the common floor where everyone is waiting for us. We step out of the elevator and my eyes fall upon the black haired God who I've not seen in weeks.
"She said yes!!" I yell, fist pumping the air causing everyone to laugh yet again.
The rest of the story will be in Tyler’s POV unless stated otherwise
"Tyler!! I'm serious. Hurry up!"
"No I want to. I really want to. I've had it written for a bout 6 months. It's just I'm nervous that it's going to go wrong and I'm going to slip up again." I knew it was quite unlikely. The last time I slipped up was 4 months ago.
"Good sport. I'll get Jarvis to tell you when dinners ready. Now do your homework. Get smart. Read a book." He flashes me a billion dollar smile before closing my door behind him. I pull the stack of homework I'd been given out of my bag. Seriously, who gives homework on the first day back? It should be illegal.
We arrive at one of my Mom's favourite restaurants, it's pretty fancy but me and Pete are used to that scene by now. My salad comes and we all begin eating, lightly conversing with the staff and each other. Dad orders another round of drinks for all of us, champagne for him and mom and strawberry basil lemonade for me and Peter, after we finish with our food and he strikes up a conversation.
And the cold sweats disappear
"I love you too." I close his door behind me and make a beeline for my own, jumping into the shower without a second thought.
"Okay then. Harleen are you going to drop her back?"
"Okay then." Is the response I got.
And he'd simply kick my ass if he knew the truth
"How've you been Tyler?" Natasha's voice cuts through the almost awkward silence of the elevator. I shrug.
"Traffic?" He tries with a pout. I can't stop the smile that spreads across my face.
"Can I get you anything to drink?" She asks once we break the hug.
"You're starving yourself again aren't you?" He asks bluntly, tear welling up in his eyes. The same happens to me as I feel a few roll down my cheeks. I nod slightly and I hear Steve take a sharp breath in, pulling me closer to him so I'm basically in his lap. Tony comes round to our side and takes the seat I apparently no longer need and joins in on our little hug. Something occurs to me.
calm slightly in their embrace.
I'm so sorry, I'm not sober anymore
"Do you want to go back to her?" Steve questions. I shake my head.
"Mom! Dad! You're back." I wrap one of my arms around each of their neck, squeezing them gently.
"Yeah one second." I yell back, taking one last glance around my room before grabbing my final suitcase and carry on and heading out, not looking back.
"I do."
"I love it. Thank you guys." I push it onto my thumb and place the box down.
It took them 4 hours to do 6 girls hair and makeup, including the bride. I trudge up to my room and wait for Natasha to come out. She does eventually, wearing the bridesmaid dress that mom picked out. It was a light blue with a low cut neck, showing off quite a bit of cleavage, it stuck to her slim figure and did her hips wonders though.
"They won then." He states. I nod and lean further into his touch. His fingers find their way into my hair.
"Come on Underoo's. She's okay. You're right down the hall if she needs you. We won't hurt her." I nod my head at him slightly, giving him the okay to leave and he does. Both men sit on the opposite side of the table to me, staring at me intently. It's kinda freaky, not gonna lie. I raise my eyebrows expectantly at them and they apologise.
"Oh God, I think he's gonna blow." I joke, hiding behind dad. Everyone laughs and we start to head out the car, the three of us jumping in whilst Dad gives Happy a thousand and one instructions.
"You can go." I answer quickly, having her here will just making awkward for all of us.
"You cut it. Looks good." I lean up and place a chaste kiss on his lips, standing up and grabbing his hand.
"It's just hard not to do something when I know what it feels like. I had to help him because once upon a time there was no one there to help me." Steve shushes me softly as he rocks back and forth, playing with the ends of my hair.
"No Tony, you're all wrong. Look at those beautiful eyes. Definitely my little Aangel eyes right there." I laugh once again and hug them both tightly.
Ain't nothin' but a mistake
"Hello?" she asks as Sean pauses the movie, patting me on the shoulder as I try and regulate my breathing.
"You look. You look amazing Tiger. Anything you want changing?" I shake my head.
"As you probably know, I'm the maid of honour. My mom and dad got together 2 years ago and I've never seen him smile this much. She makes him so happy and that makes me happy. I hope that you have a great marriage and I hope that dad doesn't send my mom grey before me and Pete do. I wish you guys the best of luck with your relationship." I raise my glass of coke. "To they happy couple." People follow suit and I make my way back to my seat.
"Night kiddo."
It's a 15 minute drive from the house to the chapel where the wedding was being held but it seems to go in no time because before I know it, I'm standing next to my big brother, ready to walk down the aisle as my mom's maid of honour. Peter is Dad's best man so that means we have to do a speech at the reception also which I'm not looking forward to. The usual fanfare begins and the doors open. First it's Clint and Nat, then Vision and Wanda followed by Sam and her husband Joe, Rhodey and Maria Hill and Finally me and Peter. The pair of us get down to the alter and stand beside Dad, watching mom walk down the aisle. She looks beautiful. I can see dad tearing up already. God this is going to be hard to watch. Once Mom gets down to the front, we kiss them both on the cheeks and take our seats on the front row. The vicar steps up and begins to do his whole 'we are gathered here today' speech which, in my opinion, they could cut out all-together.
Tell me why
"Tyler Stark-Rogers?" Her eyebrow raised when she said my last name. of course they got my last name changed at school. Why wouldn't they?
"Hey, I'm the best man for some reason. No. No. I'm kidding. What can I say about my dad that he won't kill me in my sleep for later? There's quite a lot actually. My dad is a mechanic. He builds things. He invents things and he told me one night when we was drunk a few weeks ago that his favourite and greatest invention was this family. And he was right. My dad built this family. None of this would've happened without him. All of got to say to my mom is, good luck." Chuckles bounce around the room throughout his speech. "I'm going to pass you over to the maid of honour now so please give it up for my little sister, Tyler." I grab the mic off my brother.
With the papers signed, the girls stuff packed and them loaded into the car we begin the drive back to the house that was built around 2 years ago on my father's land. We wanted to stay close by him and it was a reasonable distance from the tower.
"What's all that about?" Mom asks as we sit down. I kiss Morgan's head and take a seat next to MJ.
"What's wrong Tyler?" The older woman puts her hand on my cheek, gently forcing me to look at her.
"You've not glitched in a while. Are you feeling okay?" I grab her hand with mine, pulling it down to my side.
"Can you get Nat for me please."
"Should you even be drinking? I'm pretty sure you're like, 19." Bucky says, slurring on his words slightly. Who knew he could get drunk?
"I'm 25. I'm very old." I get a smile from her and I suddenly get an idea.
"What do you mean back up, No Tits." He failed to notice the very pissed off Avengers behind him.
"Ohhh do you kiss Mama with that mouth?"
"I second that opinion. Don't worry, we'll come with you if you want." She sooths my hair flat. I nod and yawn, closing my eyes, laying my head on her shoulder again.
"Honey? We're home." A deep voice cuts through the semi peaceful house, followed by the pounding of tiny school shoes hitting the wooden floors.
"I'm going to be sick." I mumble, my face pressed into his shoulder.
"Good morning Tyler. Sleep well?" When he asks that question, Tony turns around and smiles at me as well. I smile in return before remembering I was asked a question.
"I'm going to go get dressed and pack for later." Steve agrees.
"I thought you were someone else, Shadow." He pokes back. She pushes him again.
"I know you did Angel. Thank you." He puts the plates in the sink and turns back to face us. "Tones, do you want to show the kids their suits? You know, before someone falls asleep again." I glare playfully at him before looking at Tony with begging eyes. I can see Pete doing the same out of the corner of my eye and he finally cracks.
"Umm, it's going to sound stupid but I'm a sucker for Disney movies and musicals, stuff like that. I love cookie dough ice cream and Haribo's. Umm, I think that's about it." She nods along with my words and then her phone buzzes from her back pocket. She pulls it out and frowns instantly.
"Like I said, you're my family." We all share a smile.
"Our last names have been changed to Stark-Rogers on the system."
"This is Melody." I look up at Steve to see him stare at my baby. "Uncle Ben got it for me on my 7th birthday. Just before he." My voice trails off as I think about the man who me and Pete both considered a father. All the times he took us to the park and brought us ice cream as long as we promised not to tell aunt May. All the times he comforted us after a nightmare. All the times he was there when nobody else was. I wipe the tears away and look back up at my dad.
"Uncle Loki!" The God of mischief steps out of the car and opens his arms, inviting me and my brother in for a hug. We jump into his embrace, holding on for dear life.
In Keds and tube socks
He lives on my block
"I thought I threw this out." I say to my dad who was now leaning on my door frame.
"But seriously guys, I wish you the best of luck and you best make me an uncle soon. I think I'd be pretty good at that. Thank you." He steps away and the Avengers (Tony, Bruce, Clint, Natasha, Thor, Bucky, Loki) step up, grabbing a mic each.
"Wait." I begin. Everyone looks at me. "Star Wars Marathon?" I ask getting a round of yes's as replies. We made a fort out of blankets because we're like 6 and situated ourselves on the floor, wrapped up in blankets, eyes trained on the screen. Half way through the 4th movie my eyes grew heavy. I rest my head on Wade's lap and his fingers went straight into my hair. I fall asleep with a smile on my face.
"You're drunk." She states coldly.
"Okay," Pete starts, pausing whilst he thinks of a question. "Never have I ever kissed a girl and liked it." Me, MJ and Pete take a drink. It was MJ's turn now.
The door opens and even though I'm seeing the room for the second time, it didn't fail to take my breath away. Steve takes my hand and leads me over to the Shadow side of the room. The walls were decorated in computers and what seemed to be a weapon wall. Damn I could use them. In the centre of the space was a mannequin, decked out in what looked like a modified version of my suit. I look over my shoulder to see Steve smiling encouragingly at me.
"Take your time darling. We're not going anywhere." I gulp and take a deep breath.
"I'm so proud of you, шоадов. Am I the first one you've told?"
"Don't sweat it. It's my fault for not telling you and like I just said, you guys are the best birthday present ever." They don't listen to me though, when do they ever. Just 2 hours later I find myself sat at the long table on the common floor, surrounded by gifts that I have yet to open and my family. Tony pushes a box into my hands.
"You're so lucky that these weren't my favourite converse." I say threateningly. He just smirks.
The night comes to an end sooner that anyone could even think. Most of the kids are out for the count other than Lila. the almost 9 year old was leaning against her father's side. I remember all the times I did that over the years.
"I'd like that."
"Yes. Please don't tell my dad's. they'll kick me out." I start to freak out at the thought.
"I missed you too Loki." I turned around to see Natasha, Clint, Bruce, Peter, Thor and Steve sitting on the couches, mouths open in shock. And all of a sudden I was bombarded with questions about my hair. I slowly back away from the raised voices and feel my back come in contact with something, someone to be exact.
"Shh Tyler, it's okay. It's just me. I'm taking you to bed. Don't worry. Go back to sleep." Tony's voice fills my ears, putting me at ease as I relax into his touch. He enters my room and lays me down on the bed, pulling my comforter up to my neck. I feels his lips on my forehead making me smile inside. He moves away.
"They're my family now." She nods in understanding, retracting her hand.
"I've got two tickets to Iron Maiden, baby
"We should go. Tony will be getting worried." I nod and walk behind the super human, quickly matching his pace.
"This is my song!!!!!" Peter yells and promptly begins singing.
"I know." I cut off her rambling by giving her a hug.
"Hello Miss Tyler, what sort of shower would you like? The options are: quick, steaming, relaxing or bubble bath." I sigh. 'Of course Jarvis controls this. Why wouldn't he?'
"I was born on a Friday in November. It was just me and my mum. You probably know her. My mum was no other than Harleen Quinzel, better known as Harley Quinn." I see them about to say something so I raise my hand to silence them and to my surprise, it works. I take a deep breath and continue. "She didn't care about me. She would leave me alone for weeks at a time to go and find this Mr J that she was so madly in love with. When I was three, she left one day. She kissed my forehead and told me she loved me. She didn't come back. My next-door neighbour came round one day to borrow some coffee and called the police. I was sent into care. They found a home for me. It was with a lady and a man. It was fine for about a week until the lady started taking these pills and the man started drinking this funny smelling stuff. When they did these things they'd get angry. And God help me if they were angry. Without going into too much detail about that, I was soon found a new foster home, with Peter's aunt and uncle. Me and Pete here clicked instantly and he was my big brother and well, you know what happened then." My voice fades out, tears leaking from my eyes at the memories. At all the things I didn't want to remember. I feel myself being pulled in for a hug by a strong pair of arms. Then another. Then another. I rested my head on the person's chest. I felt safe. It felt nice.
"I'd love to. But you're still a loser."
"I umm." I try to explain but it's hard. I put my head in my hands and start mumbling to myself. Steve starts rubbing my back.
"You okay Tyler?" She asks.
"Papa, he said a bad language word."
"They fixed me. I was the broken toy sitting on the top shelf in the play room that the kids didn't want to play with. I was the defective typewriter that was only good for show. The girl that was never given a second chance. But they didn't see me like that. You heard what they said in court. I was the girl that was being chocked to death and didn't care. I was accepting my fate. Ever since they took us home, I've not felt like that. I'm not the second choice anymore; I'm the first. I'm not just some random kid with no family. I have parents, a brother, aunts and uncles galore. I have a family. I belong to someone. And you have no idea how long I've waited to be a part of something. Something bigger than a club or a fandom. I've dreamt of having a family since I was young. I always thought it would be my mom, a dad and I, maybe a few younger siblings but never in a million years did I imagine this. Yet I wouldn't trade them for the world." I didn't even realise we'd stopped moving. The car was parked outside of a two story house, with a white and blue front and a porch running the whole way around.
"You guys are the worst." I tell them with a laugh. "I love you guys." There was a chorus of 'love you too's. I stand abruptly, making everyone jump.
"Yes I am. Do you mind?" I say, my eyes never leaving the page of words in front of me.
"He taught me how to play. I've practised almost everyday since." Steve smiles at me.
"I'm 17. Almost finished high school. And one year away from taking over as the CEO of Stark industries."
'Our song is a slamming screen door,
"You want to tell us what's up Doll?" Bucky asks, brushing a strand of hair away from my face.
"I love you." He says it back and passes me onto my brother. We just stand there looking at each other for a minute before grasping each other in a massive hug.
"I am so, so sorry my little Song. I hurt you so bad and I can see it now. Please just give me a chance to prove to you that I will never hurt you again." I look away and shift uncomfortably. The judge notices.
"I know. I'll ask dad if we can meet her at the weekend, you'll be invited don't worry." I get a smile as we go in our different directions.
"I'm sorry прекрасный but I've got to go. I'll come and get you tomorrow yeah?" I nod and walk her to the elevator waving her and Clint goodbye.
"Why are they at the hospital?" I ask, growing concerned.
"Back? You grew up here?"
"I promise."
Happy birthday to you!
"See you all later I guess."
"Never have I ever broken a law." Peter, MJ and Ned drink. I spit mine out looking at my brother.
"Hey guys." His voice soft as he takes cautious steps into the room. "Jarvis said you needed this." Steve took it from his hand with a smile, opening it as Tony sits next to me, putting his hand on my back. I jump as something cold is put on my arm. Steve chuckles slightly.
"You need to get better and this is going to help you so whatever James decides today is what we go with." Steve replies in his 'no argument' tone. Thinking better of replying, I stare out of the window, watching as the colours blur passed. A hand sits on my knee.
I say "nothing, I was just thinking how we don't have a song, "
"You've been busy." Papa says gesturing to me and Peter standing side by side, decked in our hero gear.
"Hoping to be. Depends if dad needs me in the lab or not." I'm interrupted by my brother tapping repeatedly on my shoulder.
RRRRRIIIIIIINNNNNNGGGGGGG.
"Yes and no. I mean, I've been going to therapy for months but you're going to be there this time. So is dad. That alone scares me." I finish off my coffee just as the elevator opens.
"They will never, ever hurt you again прекрасный. We'll make sure of it." Clint nods at his wife's words as I curl up in her lap.
"Does this route look familiar?" I look out of the window. This looks like the way...
"Well come on in, Sean is dying to meet you and so are the girls." I step through thee threshold, clutching my bag to my chest. The place is nice, much better than our old, stuffy, one bedroom apartment in Queens. My social worker turns to me.
"We have an appointment with Ms Conrad." The girls eyes widen.
"So, what are you прекрасный?" She asks. I gulp. This is it. As soon as I admit it it's true.
"Sure." I pick Brooklyn out of her chair as she was already making grabby hands for me and allow the girls to pull me into the living room. I sit on the white leather sofa with the toddler on my lap. Cameron looks at me. She's a spitting image of her dad. Dark hair, bright blue eyes and cute nose whereas Emory seems to be a mix of the two, like me, with moms blonde hair but striking blue eyes like her father, moms noes but her dads smile.
"Yeah. Yeah I did, we could do with some chairs and benches or stuff like that, especially around the pond, there's a lot to draw out there."
"I know. I'll stop. I need a break."
Why don't you love me like you used to do?
"Angel, we need to get you and Pete checked out, like medically. For your enhanced abilities and stuff so our friend Bruce is going to come round later along with Natasha."
"Where you going?" Pete asks from his seat on the sofa, shovelling ice cream into his mouth.
"The table's set for 8, you're more than welcome to join us for lunch if you leave business talk out here." I'm offering the hand, they just need to take it. Steve goes to say something but Natasha cuts him off.
"That's your big sister. The one I was telling you about." As soon as those words left her mouth, I was bombarded with question from the pair of them. They were soon cut off my Brooklyn screaming.
I continue bobbing on my own singing along to the thugs
"Morning Ty. Sleep well?"
"And you're a dork." The song soon comes to an end and everyone who wasn't on the dancefloor starts clapping. Dad makes his way over to me and MJ.
"We've got to go. Bye Tade." I yank my arm out of her grip and stretch up to kiss Wade once more.
"Yes sir, saved to file: Tiger." Dad doesn't say anything else as he gathers me in his arms.
"Please welcome, opening the stage, the Shadow and the Stars." We walk onto the stage and get in position sharing glances with each other. I can't believe I'm doing this. The intro music starts and I silently count down in my head.
"What happened?" She sits on the edge of my bed, her hand placed lightly on my back. I turn to face her, my cheeks wet with hot tears. I reach under the mattress and pull out a crumpled piece of paper, addressed to me. Quickly handing it over as if it was made of fire before turning back around. Wanda taps my shoulder, gaining my attention, she looks embarrassed before she says anything.
"Oh no! The wild Lila has got me. No!!" I scream as I pick up the small girl, throwing her in the air gently causing her to let out an adorable squeal.
"It's not dad you're going to have to worry about killing you in your sleep." I joke as he steps off the stage. He blows a kiss towards me.
Me and MJ can't allow him to make a fool out of himself alone right? Plus, it's impossible not to sing along to.
"Ready to get this show on the road?" Pepper's sister, Samantha, says making everyone whoop with excitement.
"Did they make you do this?" I nod slowly. He begins cursing under his breath as he stands up, placing me gently on my feet, grabbing my hand in an iron grasp, leaving no room for argument.
But despite my extra toes
"Wade!" I yell back. Leaping out of my seat and rushing into the older boys arms. I jump up, wrapping my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck.
"Move it Lauren. We don't need a girl interrupting this fight." My eyes narrow, turning black.
Yes, way down deep inside, I've got a dream
"I promise."
"Nice to see you too Ty." He grunts as he places me back on my feet. I smile at him as his eyes shift to look behind me.
I never want to hear you say
[CLINT] Gunter does interior design
I running. Just running. I have no idea where I'm going. I have nowhere to go. Unless..
"I'm not scared. And I'm certainly not beautiful." I shoot back. She looks at me shocked.
"It's amazing." I reply.
"How did you?" I trail off, motioning to the mug. She chuckles.
I look up at Steve speechless. I couldn't keep to half of these. I shift my gaze to Tony to see him sat there with his head in his hands. I clear my throat.
"Hey song."
"Please. Just try Tyler." Steve's voice broke through my inner battle. I nod and pick up my fork, scooping up some rice and eating it. It actually wasn't that bad. Not that I'd admit that. There was hardly any chat whilst we ate, maybe just the odd question but soon enough all the boys had finished their plates and then some, and I, well I'd managed to eat just over half of mine. Steve stacked all four on top of each other and smiled sadly at me when he saw just how much I'd eaten. I hold my hands up in defence.
"No it was your turn. Wait. Liz." I turn to the girl sat on the other side of me. "What are we doing?" She smiles kindly at me. She was a very kind person. She got hurt a lot.
"MJ, be nice to my Tyler or Daddy will incinerate you!" everyone laughs at her mispronunciation.
"Not too bad, you?" She smiles lightly at me, pushing some hair out of her face.
"Oh. This is my jam." We all start singing to Cherry Pie by Warrant, head banging and screaming out the lyrics. Dad pulls the sports car up outside of a large gate, scanning a badge looking type thing on the side.
"You staying just for now or the night?" Clint asks. I sigh.
'Saved by the bell.' I think as I pick up my bag, strutting out of the door, my hand in Wade's as we walk through the crowed halls to get to our lockers where we usually meet up with the rest of the gang before heading to lunch. A nice quiet lunch is what I need right now. Of course I didn't get it.
"If you add the negatives and divide by the current, put it into a mobius strip and cancel out the delocalised electrons it would work." I tell his casually. He looks at me in shock.
"I'm so happy for you tiger."
"No I'm not." I argue back. The whole 'yes you are' 'no I'm not' argument goes on for a while between me and the adults.
"There 10 bites."
"I can't believe you convinced her to let you come along." I tell my boyfriend. He wasn't allowed on the trip because he didn't bring his slip back but he managed to sweet talk his way out of it, as usual.
We've been down this road before
"Nat said she'll be here around 4. It's 10 now so you've got some time. How about some drawing before you go? Or I noticed the guitar, maybe you can show me what you can do. Some Papa-Angel bonding time. Your dad and Pete have gone out and Bucky will be asleep for a while. So what do you say?" Steve begins to ramble and I can't stop the smile from creeping onto my face.
"Jarvis, is this formal or casual?"
"Tony."
"No I didn't get in a fight. He was holding on to Peter, I pulled him off, told him not to hurt my brother, he went in for a punch, I dodged it, he fell onto a table. Technically it was his fault."
"I'm scared." I answer truthfully. Tony sits the other side of me.
"Yes Mama." I joke grabbing my bag. "Let's go. I can't believe we're doing this."
Tyler-Kai Stark-Rogers.
After about an hour and a half, all of the presents that had been magicked up practically out of nowhere were opened. I got a shit ton of clothes and makeup, curtesy of Wanda and Natasha, some new art supplies , a bunch of science books, an electric guitar and an amp, a bow and arrow, some throwing knives, a tiara, a new laptop and a necklace from the God of mischief himself.
"Umm, I can't read English." My mouth forms an 'O' shape and I take the paper back, smoothing it out across my leg before reading out loud.
"Let's go."
"You dickhead." I wring the jacket out over the tub saying silent praise that my Manchester United shirt wasn't wet.
"So, you're the unknown superheroes yeah? Spider-Boy and Shadow-Day?" I clear mykkkk throat.
"Morgs, can you go save Dad?" Mom asks her once she'd finished her final nugget. She nods, jumping out of her chair, trying to reach the sink so she can wash her greasy hands but falling a few inches too short. I snigger at her before walking behind her and lifting her up high enough so she can reach the water. Once I set her down, she gives me a toothy grin and grabs my hand in her tiny one, pulling me wordlessly outside.
"Listen to me Tyler. They are not going to kick you out okay? And if either of them say something negative about it, you and Pete are coming with me for the foreseeable future okay?" I nod at what she says, feeling slightly more confident to know that even if they don't support me I've always got Natasha and Clint to rely on.
"Yes my kids now what did you just call them?"
"Well, I'm never one to shrink from an honest challenge. It's physics." He explains as he grips the handle. He, much like Clint, tries and fails.
"SPIDEYBOY!!!!!!!" I scream as I land on him, hugging his neck. He playfully puts his hands over his ears.
"Ready baby?" MJ asks when I get closer to her. I nod and pull the door open, holding it for her to walk through. She joins our hands together as we walk to the car, sliding into the back of the limo with my parent, brother and sister.
"I'll see you in an hour baby." He says as he puts me down. I smile and give him one last kiss.
We shop for a few hours buying clothes, pillows, decorations for my room. Anything I could ever need. Right now, we're sat in the food court, eating McDonald's.
"Yo Pete. Nat made pancakes." I've never seen a door open so quick.
But I'm only human.
"Cool, I've just finished up here so tell MJ to meet us in reception in 5."
"Major anger issues."
"Well, as you already know, I'm Tony Stark and this is Steve Rogers. We're here to adopt so umm, why don't you tell us a little about yourselves." Tony says, becoming quite known awkward towards the end. I smile and stand up off the floor, bringing Peter with me.
"I love you guys."
"Oh hey Papa. Good work out?" My mouth falls open in shock. When? Steve chuckles at my reaction, stretching out his hand and ruffling Peter's curls.
"Is this okay?" I ask, giving them a twirl. They both nod as they adjust their ties. Tony looks at his watch.
Though I do like breaking femurs
In harmony.
"Let's go get this robot finished." I say excitedly. He chuckles at how young I sound.
For my killer show-tune medley
Man I feel like mold
"Who's child is this?" Landing flat on my stomach with a thud and I groan as I roll over to lie on my back. Everyone starts yelling at Thor as Steve and Natasha come over to see if I'm okay.
"Done. Take a look." I look up and gasp. My hair looks amazing. I stand from my chair and throw my arms around my dad, repeating thank you over and over again. He hugs me back.
"Nat, she's my daughter. What's wrong with her? Is she okay? Here Clint, let me hold her." He reaches over and grips my waist, trying to pull me off of my security blanket. I grip Clint's shirt tighter, screwing my eyes shut, shaking my head rapidly.
"It's fine. You're here now." We stay like this for a few minutes, swaying slightly to the imaginary music playing. I sigh pulling away from him.
"Mr Stark, do you offer internships to Highschool students."
"Dad!" I groan with a small laugh.
"Certainly. Will that be all?"
"Ms Conrad, it's me, Tyler. Tyler Quinzel. You must remember me." She gasps at me.
"Could've been better but you're here now."
"This is going to be beautiful." I whisper to Peter who nods in response.
"So you broke his nose." Steve states as his sits down next to me. I shrug.
"10 more bites." His tone left no room for argument so I picked my fork  back up and tried to make the bites as small as possible.
"And now, you can go and pack your stuff away like your brother. Bruce will be here in 2 hours so make sure you're wearing something nice." I grumble but comply anyway, trudging my way to my room and closing the door softly behind me. So many emotions. Not enough time to feel them. I shake my head and continue with the task at hand. Moving in.
Once I'm satisfied with how I look, I leave my room to try and find anyone else. I didn't get very far before I got bored.
"Thought you'd like it, come on." I pull her straight towards the Queen t shirts and pick up one that I like, putting straight back down once I see the price but Nat picks it back up again, waving Tony's card in my face, I sigh and allow her to add it to the growing pile she's collected. 20 minutes and 6 band t shirts, 3 pairs of jeans and 1 nightmare before Christmas hoodie later, we leave the store and set out for somewhere else to shop. I come to a stop outside of top shop.
Happy manages to get us to school with around 20 minutes to spare which is a record considering we were late leaving. We both say our thank you's to the driver before heading into the dreary, grey building. Instantly finding our friends waiting by our locker's.
"Kill me. Kill me now." I mutter, burying my head into Wade's shoulder.
"You're the worst!"
"What's going on Tyler?" His voice held so much emotion as he reached for my hand. I pull away, interlocking my fingers on my lap, avoiding eye contact.
"But you love me."
"Well, that's going to be tough to beat, thank for that bro." the crowd laughs at my small, awkward joke.
"You guys really shouldn't have." Bruce laughs.
We spent around 3 hours like that before Bucky woke up. Just singing and laughing. It was nice and warm. No strings attached. Around 1pm Bucky stumbles into the kitchen, rubbing his eyes, going straight for the fridge, pulling out the orange juice and drinking straight from the carton.
"We want to help Ty. So please, let us in." I shake my head.
"Are you even pulling?"
"I'm on the Highway to Hell. Highway to Hell. I'm on the Highway to Hell. Highway to Hell."
"Yes that's us." the teacher replies.
"See ya." I wave at MJ as the elevator doors close before walking over and collapsing on the couch. Tony sits next to my head and runs his fingers through my hair.
"In here Ty." I walk through to the kitchen, Peter hot on my tail, MJ and Loki trailing behind. I just know that he's grilling my girl for the details of our relationship. Gossip Queen. As soon as I enter the kitchen area, something latches onto my legs.
I'm not sober anymore
"Hey Penis, scarry, ready to see your best friends, the avengers? And let's see how many people know about your internship."
"Fine, but I'm not wearing a dress." I more or less stomp to my room and enter my wardrobe, glancing at my many options until my eyes fall on one. 'Perfect.' I pull my jacket and shirt off and replace it with a dark blue blouse. Pulling on a pair of black jeans that aren't ripped, a black blazer and a cute little neck tie. I yank my hair out of the braids and allow it to cascade down my back, settling in small waves. Finishing off my look with black pumps. Without even checking myself in the mirror, I run down the stairs to stand in front of my dad's.
"Come on kiddo," He stands, holding his hand out to me. "Those people I wanted you to meet are waiting." A wave of anxiety washes over me. New people. I can't. I just can't. As if he notices, Tony wraps an arms around my slightly shaking shoulders, steering me gently out of the room.
"Brooklyn! What have I told you about opening the door without mine or daddy's permission?" I know that voice anywhere. The woman in question reaches down and scoops the small girl up into here arms, tickling her gently. I smile at their interaction. We used to be like that.
"Now, let's go eat. The other should be here by now."
"NOOO!!!!" Me and Peter both groan. Ned looks at us.
I've got a dream
"Really Tiny human. Strong, probably worthy, but tiny."
Once the movie is over Jarvis announces that dinner is ready so the three of us make our way down to the common floor where the massive table is. When we arrive, Steve and Tony were standing waiting, arms crossed looking pretty pissed.
"Tony!!! I arrive baring children!" Steve yells as soon as we enter the penthouse.
I just want to see the floating lanterns gleam
"Oh yeah, Loki's here." I tell my Aunt.
"Wait." I said, sitting up slightly. "You said again. How did you know?"
2.   No drugs or sex inside the house.
"Mommy told me to come and save you." She says to dad, crawling on his lap. He picks her up and sets her on his knees, hugging her close.
"Steve and Tony think it would be good for you to spend a weekend with me every month or so. That way, you've got a female role model. I'm basically a part time mom if you think about it, except I don't have a list of rules and I'm fun." I chuckle when she brings up the rules. It would be nice to have a 'mom' figure in my life.
Aunt May? Uncle Ben? Can you see the disaster I've become?
"Open up." I open my eyes to see a box with a pin inside, it's a circle which is split into three section with an arrow that spins in the middle. It says 'her, him, they' on it. So I can tell them my gender. I look over at Peter to see he has a badge that says 'It's a boy.' With a transgender flag over his shoulders. I pull mine off and gasp, my hand going over my mouth. It's a gender fluid flag. I throw myself onto him, sobbing happily into his chest. Pete joins, soon to be followed by Dad.
As promised, at 6 am, my door was flung open so hard it bounced off the wall behind it, and I was physically pulled from my warm, safe bed via my long hair. A small cry escapes my lips as I was lifted to my feet. I turn my head as much as I can to come face-to-face with the woman that runs the orphanage. Conrad. In all fairness, she wasn't that bad looking. Long, chocolate brown hair and the same shade eyes, tall and slim in physique. But all that was hidden behind her ugly personality. The woman in question glared down at me, not releasing her grip.
"Hey Tyler. Good to see you being as cautious as ever." I flash her my million dollar smile as she calls it.
"I accept." Nat smiles.
"Tyler, you need to take them."
"What did you just call my kids?" Tony asks, his voice dangerously low. It was in that moment that Flash decided to turn around to see Natasha spinning a knife in her fingers, Clint with his bow and arrow, Steve trying so hard to persuade Tony not to call the suit, Vision taking Bruce out of the room to avoid a code green, red floating at Wanda's finger tips, Bucky Loading his riffle and Sam summoning Redwing. Flash gulps.
"I feel amazing." She replies, giving us a twirl.
"Whipped." Out into the church. He turns around and throws a fake glare at me as everyone else starts laughing.
"Well I just thought, maybe, I could sort of go out as Spider-Man. He's not been around for a few days and I just want to check everything is okay and stuff." He looks up at our new dads, his eyes wide in panic. "It's completely fine if you don't want me to go. I understand I just thought." He was cut off by Tony raising his hand.
"Certainly Miss." I set my phone on my bed side table before jumping into bed next to my boyfriend, resting my head on his chest as he turns on the TV.
"Pep, you're the love of my life, I was too blind to see it before but it was always you, never Steve but you. I wouldn't be here, I wouldn't have my, our, kids if it wasn't for you. So will you do me the honour of being my wife, putting up with me everyday, but more importantly, will you do me the honour of being my kids mom?" Me and Pete hold on to each other in anticipation.
I get back to the floor we live on and find Steve passed out on the couch. Looks like he tried to wait up for me. I have an inner battle for a few moments before deciding to wake him up and get him into bed as the position he was in did not look comfortable. I shake his shoulder lightly and he bolts up, his hands out in front of him ready to attack which makes me jump back in fear. His eyes soften when he realises it's me and he drops his fists.
"Stand up straight boy. Hold that head up. Keep smiling, my son." I see the tears in both of their eyes and Dad turns to me.
"Do you think dad will let us go visit Nat?"
"Ahem." Somebody cleared their throat from the doorway and Conrad let go instantly, acting like she was helping me. I push her hands away and start shaking violently. The witch puts a smile on her face.
He's got a dream
"Oh, Sparky." She says, her voice laced with sadness and concern as she looks around my room; clothes were thrown everywhere, pictures were smashed, blood filled towels strewn about and glass all around.
"Cute names." I comment. She laughs.
"Hey! Where will I sleep?"
"Guys, lay off. Tyler just wanted a change. Leave her be." Tony wraps his arm around my shoulder as I nod numbly. Everyone starts apologising before Papa suggests that we start making a move. I've never been more thankful for his war training. We pile inside of the limo leaving me sandwiched between Nat and Loki. My leg begins to bounce with anxiety so Natasha places her hand on my knee gently.
"Are you the Stark-Jones'?" I nod getting a little tired with her attitude. "I'll tell Ms that you're here, please come in." She holds the door open wide enough for us to fit through and scurries off into the office. I shiver at the sight of the office, memories hitting me like a brick. The girl emerges with Conrad. She doesn't look any different, a few grey hairs but nothing major. She smiles that all fake smile when she sees us.
"Tyler? What do you say kiddo?" Tony asks gently, holding my hand in his. And I don't know why but this time I didn't flinch away. I felt safe. Like I knew he wasn't going to hurt me. I look him dead in the eyes and smile.
I look around, turn the radio down, he says, "baby is something wrong?"
"Good."
"Pfft. Me? Drunk? No!!! I'm not drunk. Tipsy. But not drunk." The assassin rolls her eyes at my response.
"Guys, you're talking to Ironman and Captain America, do you really think we have any strong opinions on you guys saving people? Looking out for the little guy?" Both of us shrug, feeling pretty stupid. Tony comes over and wraps his arms around both of our shoulders.
"Fine. But one; I still don't like him. Two; you're telling you dads. We've got an Avengers meal coming up soon, ask if you can invite him."
"Is that so? Well I think it's only suitable I call you Tiger now? Don't you agree." I laugh and nod my head.
"Well Mom is. Being Mom so just take a seat, there's wine open somewhere. Hair and makeup should be here in 20. Oh and the dresses are in my room." Mom hands the phone back to me whilst she goes to greet the professionals. It's still on call. I press it to my ear.
Night time rolls around quite quickly and we're all sat around the living area, minus Morgan who was put to bed hours ago, with some form of alcohol in our hands.
"No Ty no. Not again." I can't look at him. I know the face. The face of pity mixed with disappointment. I've seen it too many times in my 14 years. He slowly pushes my sleeves up and lets out a breath of relief.
"Nope." Before I can process what's happening, my book is thrown to the floor along with my phone and I'm tossed into the lake. I submerge from the water, glaring at the older man.
"Call Tony." She says to Clint softly.
"So you like her then?" I shrug.
"We want to know about you Blake, what do you like? What hobbies do you have?"
"Actually we do, we're interns at Stark tower. I'm as confused as you as to why our surnames were changed." Dad told us about the intern thing a few weeks back for instances like this. Flash didn't seem satisfied with the answer as he grabs Pete by the collar of his shirt, lifting him off the ground. I stand straight away pulling the bully off my brother.
"How old are you?" She holds up 3 dainty fingers before pointing one at me.
I can't remember the last time any of us sat down and watched a movie or something. It's been too long.
"Fella done me wrong."
"Every word." He smiles at me and kisses my forehead.
"Kids, we just want to make sure you're safe. Especially now you're our responsibility okay? So I've made a couple of adjustments to your suits to make them even safer so how about, after dinner, we try out those bad boys?" He finishes with a massive smile which seems to be infectious as I start smiling as well. Steve speaks up from the doorway.
Ain't had no lovin' like a huggin' and a kissin'
'Shit. Shit. Shit. Oh my God. I can't. Why? 6 months down the fucking drain. What will Dad say? Oh God.' Thoughts spin around my head as I feel bile rise in my throat. 'No. Not now.'
"Flash maybe you should."
"Well, okay then, looks like you're finding out more than them. I lived with this couple for around 7 months, they were fine to begin with, nice and patient. One day they snapped, they started getting payed for taking me in, the social were now off their backs with the weekly check-ups, I had no one to save me. On the last night with them, the neighbour had come round to the house in the day, saying that she was concerned about me and that she would call the police. He got angry, started drinking, smoking weed. He filled the bath tub with water, put a blindfold on me and another one in my mouth. He held me under water. I was 4 years old. I couldn't breathe, I couldn't scream. I was defenceless. Police came in and arrested them. They're both behind bars but that doesn't erase the memories. The emotional scars. I'm stuck with them." I look up at the adults with bleary eyes. Clint looked heartbroken and mad and Natasha? Natasha looked like she was going to murder somebody. Her arm tightens around me as she pulls me onto her lap, holding me close to her, almost as if she was afraid I was going to disappear.
"Miss Tyler, Miss Romanoff will be here to collect you in 15 minutes, you need to wake up." I bolt upright at the AI's voice and check my bedside clock; 3:45.
"I need your help." I say as soon as I'm close enough.
"I do."
"What with?"
"Clint?" I ask, my voice small. He looks down at me with a sad smile, kissing my forehead.
We pull into the driveway and the first thing we notice is the car sitting just outside of the door. I climb out of the vehicle and grab my bag from off of the floor, slinging the strap over my shoulder, advancing towards the door. I push it open, hearing the voices that I knew too well carry through from the kitchen.
"That's fine Jarvis, just as long as you stop recording after he leaves."
"Happy Birthday little sis." He says. I smile up at him. There's a crash from behind us. we spin around, getting in a fighting stance to see dad and papa standing there, clipboards of some sort laying now on the ground.
"I'll call you later. I promise." He grins at me as Natasha grabs me again.
"I better go back; Mom and Dad will be worried." Steve grabs my arm.
Tickling the ivories till they gleam
"I love you too dad. Good night."
I'm sorry that I'm here again
"Jarvis, send up some supplies please."
"I know." Tyler responds, resting her head on her brother's shoulder, taking in the sunset. Who knows how long they were sat there for. Neither of them really cared but both knew that sooner or later they had to go back. It wasn't the same as it was all those years ago, now they have a place to go home to, somebody to hold tonight in bed but they didn't move. Tyler's blue eyes shifted from one grave to another that held a dear significance in her heart. Her eyes shone with unshed tears as she took in the cursive engravement.
"I won't. Trust me.
Successfully finding the kitchen, I smile at my; dare I say family? Steve is standing at the stove cooking what looks like pancakes wearing an apron that says 'kiss the chef', Tony is standing with his back to him, manning the coffee maker and Pete. Well, who knows what he's doing. He's sat at the island looking at his phone with a stupidly big smile on his face. I pull out the stool next to him and plop down, laying my head on his shoulder, closing my eyes. I feel his lips on the side of my head. I mumble my good morning to him and he does the same back. Steve turns to face me with a massive grin on his face.
"I'm sorry." He seems to know what I mean because he holds me tighter.
"Thanks for coming guys." I tell my family softly, trying not to wake any of the sleeping lions.
"If you must know, your 'best friend' was having a nightmare and woke me up, and I know what it's like going through them alone, so I went to calm him down, I managed to, I sang to him and we both fell asleep. It's called being a decent human being Steven!" Silence came over both of us and before I could really process it, Steve was pulling me into his arms, gathering me into a massive hug which I was quick to return. Tears well up in my eyes as I rest my head on his shoulder.
"That's enough now thank you. Tony and Steve if you'd like to step up." They do as they are asked and both kiss my head on the way passed me. They stand next to the judge, hand in hand.
"I like colouring, books and superheroes."
"They can't be your kids, they're orphans sir." Flash. Shut up.
"Ladies?" I shake my head.
"Did you hear that Tyler?"
"They're on their honeymoon right now but they should be home at some point tonight. We're staying at Natasha and Clint's I'm sure you'll be more than welcome to join us for dinner, you did come all this way after all." The god smiles down at me.
"Can I braid it?" She asks, her voice small almost as if she's afraid of rejection.
"Thanks Jarv." He continues to drive down a clearing with grass either side, a small lake and a boarder of trees and.
"Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly what I told myself the first time Harleen hit me. We both know it's not true though don't we. All that matters now is that we're safe and that we've got each other right?"
"You remember the lyrics?" She quizzes. We each take a mic and step onto the stage.
"Hey Mama." We stare at each other for a while.
"I mean, she hurt me. A lot. But, she's my Mama. And she says she's changed, I want to give her a chance but I don't want Tony and Steve to think that they've not done enough. Argh. I just don't know." I finish by placing my head back down. Another knock on the door.
"What's wrong?"
"Good night Tiger. I love you."
"Is he okay? Or do I need to call somebody?" He asks looking between me, Peter and his, partner? Hey, I'm not judging. I sigh.
I start strumming along to the chords and can't help but start to sing. The song holds so many memories.
"This used to be my room." I say, gently touching the white wood, tracing my fingers over the light carvings. "Look, Tyler and Peter. Did that with a compass when I was 10. Still there." MJ smiles lovingly at me and I knock on the door, hearing instant shuffling from the inside. The door swings open revealing a girl who looked to be around 13. She stares at us blankly, her big brown eyes holding so much pain and anguish, she hides most of her face behind a curtain of long, unkempt blonde hair but I can make out most of her facial features. She's insanely small, in height and structure, she almost looks as bad as I did. She begins to shift, pulling on the cuffs of her jacket. I realise I'm staring and put on the charming smile that I've adopted for the press.
"Me and Tony are just doing our best to make sure we can keep our daughter." Clint laughs at his response.
"Thank you Loki. Thanks all of you. You really shouldn't have." Tony kisses my head.
"I wanted to help as much as I could. I could throw millions of dollars at this place but I know it'll just end up in Conrad's pocket so, me and my wife made the decision to adopt from here to make sure nobody has to go through what I did. And we chose you two." Before I can fully process what's happening, a pair of arms are thrown around my neck, my shoulder getting slightly damp from tears.
And with every passing hour
Nat then pushes Clint off of the sofa and starts to sing Flynn Rider's part. Clint stands next to me sulking.
"Crack open the champagne Pep, we're celebrating."
When my mental party had finished, I settled on a pair of ripped skinny jeans, a Pink Floyd t shirt and a sexy leather jacket I found in the corner. It was big, like really big, and it smelt of oil and smoke. It smelt like my old house. I wrap it tighter around me as I pull on my beat-up converse, walking back into the centre of the room, my hair dripping down my back. I flip my head forward and begin rubbing at my hair with the towel, trying to get rid of any excess water before gathering it into two bunches and making fishtail plaits. 'cute but badass.'
"Get dressed we're going out and if you bring that book with you I'll sell all your things. Be ready in 30."
"We want to make sure she's safe and happy. We love her."
"Yes Tyler?"
"None taken." She replies quickly with a smile.
"Thanks dad." I kiss his cheek picking up my phone. "I'll unpack later." I promise as I walk out of the room.
"Hey, what's all the giggling about over here?"
"Tyler! Honey. Wake up. It's just a dream. Come on baby. You're okay. Everything's okay." My eyes shoot open. I feel like I'm not in control of my own body. Pushing past Natasha, I rush to the bathroom, emptying the contents of my stomach into the toilet. Tears streaming down my face and sobs ripping from my chest as I begin to dry heave into the ceramic bowl.
Endgame spoilers but not endgame spoilers bc the snap never happened but spoilers. If that makes sense. Enjoy!!
"We didn't."
"Looking good Ty." He says. I roll my eyes.
"But seriously girl," Nat starts, sitting up, "21 and running one of the biggest companies in America. How do you do it?"
"Look at me." Steve says gently. I turn my head and he grabs my chin gently.
"Hey Ty have you seen my- What the Hell did you do?" He walks over to me hastily, running his fingers through my now short hair. I shrug.
“Well, you and Peter are always welcome to stop by.  Lord knows I could use the help with the heavy lifting around the farm,” she admitted, eyes bright.
Tony bit back a smile.  “Yeah, Pete.  Of course.  Maybe your Uncle Happy will take you to Five Guys and you can sneak me in some burgers.“
Tony laughed.  “Pepper and Rhodey would fight you on that statement.”  He glanced at his phone.  “Your surprise is waiting downstairs.”
“How many did we win?” Tony asked apprehensively, noticing the hesitation in Strange.
“It’s obv—“
Ross was adamant that Scott be sent to jail, where he could serve hard time for the treason he committed against the country.  It took four hours for Tony and Scott’s lawyer to convince the council that, since he willingly turned himself in, he should be given a lighter sentence.  Also, Scott wasn’t even an enhanced individual.  He was just a dude in a suit, much like Tony.
