"Well, probably," Ned said with a frown. "I mean, people report on you and your dads' comings and goings all the time, you just don't notice it." He paused as he settled into his seat in the classroom, turning around to glare at Peter. "And anyway, what the hell's with you today? You're usually not this moody so early on, did something happen on the way here or something?"
There were a few seconds of silence before Colonel Phillips clapped his hands together. "So, are we all good to go here now?"
"Copy that!" Sam said from somewhere behind Steve, his dual guns firing into a horde of Chitauri foot soldiers. "But do we even know where the hell it is?"
"Oh, yeah, my mom's on her way," answered Ned. "She just texted, should be here in a minute or two."
"No, honey, I don't think this guy was one of those Winter Soldiers," Tony said. "Clint and Natasha made sure that they were all accounted for, and none of 'em ever just disintegrated like that, so this has to be someone else."
“No, no, not quite like that,” said Peter.  “I asked him if he had a family, and he said no, but that he’d always wanted one.”
"Ah huh. If you say so," Sam said, raising a suspicious eyebrow. He popped a piece of sausage into his mouth and leaned forward, lowering his voice. "I bet you're more than ready to get your ass into the seat of that X-302 this morning though, hmm?"
Davis was quiet for a moment, no doubt trying to come up with something that would sound even a fraction as inspiring as Steve's speech.
“Ahh, Rogers!  Can you not hear that crowd?” Schmidt suddenly barks in Steve’s direction, still waving his arms around like a drunken ballet dancer.  “It is invigorating, is it not?”
"Yeah, but half-god of what, idiocy?" Dad retorted. "And an idiot with a gun is a pretty dangerous idiot, bud."
"No, I'm not," Steve said plainly. "If you're going to be accompanying us when we fight Thanos again, then you'll need to join us for our training sessions. Since Tony and Bruce won't be able to while they're working on this other stuff, it'll be even more important for the rest of us to know what we'll need to do."
But despite his team's lousy play that evening, Steve was very happy that he had decided to join his teammates for the game. It'd been a long time since he'd been to a baseball game, and while the massive and glamorous Citi Field wasn't quite the same as the old Ebbets Field that he and Bucky used to sneak into back in the day, baseball was still baseball.
"Oh, we not only have Star Trek, we have every single episode of all five of the television series, and all twelve of the movies, spanning all of the various casts," Shuri said, rather proudly. She leaned closer, lowering her voice. "And I have memorised every single one of them."
Like Anthony and Peter Stark. No matter how hard Steve tried, he could not seem to purge either of them from his mind. Peter because he was the sweetest kid that Steve had ever seen in his life, and Anthony—well, aside from being exquisitely attractive, if how much Peter missed him was any indication, Steve couldn't imagine that Anthony could be anything less than amazing.
A loud crash and an immediate muffled, "Ow!" followed Dad's words, and Peter was giggling by the time Uncle Bruce appeared on the screen.
The whole team ended up coming up to the penthouse for Uncle Sam's homemade fried chicken and mashed potatoes, which were even yummy enough to entice Dad out of his lab for a few minutes. Uncle Clint and Uncle Sam kept the conversation going discussing the plans for their latest raids, while Uncle Bruce went over his latest decoded files and lamented the fact that Uncle Thor hadn't yet returned from Asgard and that no one had heard from him since he'd left. Apparently Loki was causing even more trouble than usual.
"No, no, no, don't need any of that," Tony cut in, nudging Steve gently with his armoured elbow. "Second-guessing never gets us anywhere, right, Captain?"
Peter chuckled, punctuated by another cough. "Yeah, that's the one. I'll show it to you the next time you come."
"I just mean… from what I've seen of him, he hasn't left you alone for a single minute since you got hurt, so I just don't see why he'd leave you alone now, unless… you made him leave."
Static burst across the comm, raising all the hair on Tony's arms until he heard Steve attempt to clear his throat.
—to how to properly ask a girl out on a date that didn't end with Tony getting slapped across the face.
"Well, maybe 'cause the kid's gonna have it for their entire life?" asked Tomis. "I dunno, that sounds like kinda a big deal to me."
Quill shrugged, activating his helmet. "Well… 'kay. Here goes nothing." He stepped through, the sound of Gamora frantically calling his name echoing back through barely three seconds later.
"Batter up!" Steve yelled as he twisted the balls of his feet further into the dirt, readying his bat. "C'mon, Sam, I'm ready!"
"Yeah, yeah, does that mean we can go eat soon?" asked Sam as he landed next to Bucky, who was brushing dust from his metal arm. "I'm sure the turkeys are just about done, and—"
It would help if Steve could get his own thoughts in order about what happened during Peter Stark’s swimming tryout yesterday afternoon.  But since he spent almost the entire night attempting to do so and still managed to fail in spectacular fashion, he honestly has no clue how to explain any of this to Natasha in a way that would make sense.
Almost as soon as the thought crossed his mind Steve flinched, gritting his teeth. Fighting against almost twenty-eight years of believing that he hated anything to do with the Stark family was not easy, and even less so after the conversation that he'd had with his mother the previous night.
Doctor List's eyes crinkled as he smirked. "I have been very eager to meet you for quite a long time, Captain, as I'm sure you can imagine." He stepped even closer, placing his palms against the window. "I have studied the work of Abraham Erskine for most of my life, but unfortunately I have never quite been able to replicate the miracle that he created in you. And as a scientist, this was immensely frustrating for me."
tired, such that even the plans he was still trying to finalise were all starting to blur together in his mind, and he supposed he was due to eat something as well. Tony was always getting on him about him pushing himself too hard, he didn't need to go and prove him right.
"By the Triskelion?" Steve asked in surprise. As far as he knew, the only people who ever ventured by that building were Nick Fury and Maria Hill, but no one had seen either of them in a few weeks. Well before Thanos' invasion.
“Yeah, I got everyth—huh?” Peter replied, frowning as Tony’s final request made its way through all the filters in his mind.  “Daadd…”
"Drax! Rocket!" Quill shouted as he took Gamora's hand, the power surging through Steve's body decreasing slightly. "Dudes, where the hell are you?"
he thinks as he takes his second breath of the race twenty metres after the turn.  He swears he hears Phillips’ low grouchy voice hollering his name just as he turns his face back into the water, but he doesn’t bother to dwell on it.
, that's what! And you think they won't dig up some old KGB dirt on Nat in order to nail her too? No. If they come for you, they're coming for me too, and that's just how it's gonna be!"
about to just sit there and watch Obie blackmail Dad and Steve just because he was a homophobic asshole.
Papa heaved out a sigh as he smoothed Peter's hair from his forehead. "Yeah, it did. It hurt quite a bit, actually, a lot more than I thought it would. Like I was being electrocuted, stretched, and showered with mustard gas all at the same time." He paused then, swallowing hard. "But it still wasn't as painful as when I thought I might lose you and Dad. I'd go through that procedure every single day for the rest of my life if it meant I didn't have to fear losing the two of you again."
"No, no, you did the right thing," Tony said as his left hand curled into a fist. He should've known that Howard wouldn't take him seriously about staying away from Peter. Howard Stark never listened to anyone if he didn't feel like it, and that usually went double for Tony.
"Yeah, that and the sceptre," answered Steve. "We've had the sceptre in our possession since the Miami battle, but they could've used it on Smythe before then or just used the drug. Are we sure that all of the drug has been destroyed now?"
He was up to his eyeballs in decoded files and new suit schematics when Peter suddenly walked into the lab, exhausted and disheveled, his pale cheeks lined with tears.
Grabbing his leather jacket, sketchbook, and pencil from his locker, Steve headed out the door towards the parking lot. About twenty minutes later he was at the lake and resting on the bank, looking out at the sunbeams bouncing off of the lightly rippling water as his mind conjured up a picture of him and Peter sitting in a fishing boat while he taught Peter how to fish, something Steve had always wished he'd been able to do with his own father. Bucky's father had taken him and Bucky out fishing a few times when they were little, as often as Steve could stand to be outside with his sick lungs, at least, but it still wasn't quite the same.
“I’ll have to think of something,” Tony muttered as he started searching for the car keys he knew had to be somewhere.  He finally located them down between the cushions on the couch in the lab, where he had been spending his nights ever since Steve left.  For someone who had always adamantly refused to spend the night with a lover, Tony had gotten so used to having Steve in his bed with him—he liked to joke that Steve’s fast metabolism made him the perfect space heater—he had found that he now couldn’t sleep without him.  Couldn't sleep without Steve’s heavy arm anchoring Tony to him, and the comforting sound of Steve’s slow, steady heartbeat lulling him to sleep like a lullaby.
"So, when do you think you'll get to go out with Gwen again?" Ned asked from Peter's tablet, resting on his bed while he worked on his homework. He had just gotten off the phone with Dad and Papa, who'd said they were exhausted and were planning on staying in D.C. for one more night before coming home the next day. Peter had wanted to ask how the hearing went, but one good look at Dad's face convinced him that that wasn't such a great idea, and he had just asked them to say hi to Uncle James for him before saying goodnight.
led to him spending almost three months in a coma after being pumped so full of HYDRA's magic wannabe super-soldier drug that his mind literally had to shut itself down until his enhanced immune system could fix it.
He’s just a kid!” Tony whispers, his jaw dropping open at the thumbnail of an obviously younger Steve Rogers wearing one of those full-body tank swimsuits that used to be so popular.  In the picture, his arms are raised in victory, the smile on his clean-shaven face so bright it could give the sun a run for its money.
" Tony cut in. "You keep thinking that you're supposed to be immune to trauma or something because you're Captain America, super soldier and leader of the Avengers, but when it comes down to it, you're just as human as the rest of us." His full lips curved into a soft smirk, his brown eyes twinkling. "Well, maybe you're a bit better-looking than the rest of us, I mean, 'cause
And while Steve knew that Tony was right, at the same time he couldn't seem to shake the sense that time was starting to run out. Peter was already fifteen, actually almost sixteen, and Steve hadn't even gotten to meet him until he was eleven. He wanted to have as much time with Peter as he possibly could before he became an adult and left home.
"They were there from lunchtime until about an hour ago," Steve said. "Peter was asleep when I called, but Ma said he was doing fine otherwise. Sharon's going to stop there on her way home from the hospital too, just to check on him."
"Thirty seconds to deploy," Steve said over the comm. "Readings indicate that everything looks good from up here, Tony, can you confirm?"
Steve let out a chuckle as he dragged himself out of the pilot's chair, stifling the groan that attempted to escape. He'd been doing nothing but sitting for the last twelve hours, but his body still felt like he'd just ran three marathons back to back. Sam had told him multiple times that mental fatigue was just as exhausting as physical fatigue, and Steve could definitely feel it now.
"Nah, I don't think so," said Papa, his frown deepening. He looked up as Uncle James and Uncle Sam touched down on Dad's opposite side, while Uncle Thor, Uncle Clint, Auntie Nat, and the twins fell in behind them.
"Absolutely," Peter said. "We have those two half-days right at the end of the school year, right? I'll ask my dad if we can get tickets for one of the matinee shows, and we'll go."
Arriving behind his lane, Steve briefly closes his eyes, trying to focus himself.  It’s not helping that he’s swimming in lane six this time, one he’s never swam in before in a big competition like this, which means he’ll be at least one lane away from most of the main contenders.  Shostakov is in lane four, having qualified for the finals with the best overall time, with Bucky in lane three and Bernier next to Steve in lane five.  The times this year haven’t been as fast as those that were turned in four years ago, likely partially due to the fact that the full-bodied swimsuits that were so popular back then are no longer allowed.  Once it was determined that they were causing such dramatic drops in swimmers’ times, FINA, the International Swimming Federation, decided to ban them.
shouldn't be forced to suffer with a broken heart. Not if there was a perfectly good way to to fix it.
"Huh?" Clint said, as if on cue, prompting Natasha to jab an elbow into his leg. "Ow! Why's everyone picking on me all of a sudden?"
Of which there were none. Aside from his too-low body temp and severe dehydration, Steve was otherwise perfectly fine.
that followed loud enough to turn Tony's stomach. Steve immediately cried out, shielding his bleeding nose with one hand while still trying to wrangle Peter with the other.
Pepper let out a sigh, hugging her clipboard to her chest.  “Pardon me if this seems out of line, Mr Stark, but… I’ve noticed a difference in you recently.  You’ve been… I don't know… happier?  Like you're not carrying so much weight around on your shoulders?”
Panic flashed through Steve, just for a second before he was able to squash it down. There hadn't been so much as even a flicker of trouble since they'd landed in Italy four days ago, and Peter was with three of their team members who Steve knew would protect him with their lives if it came down to it.
Patting Peter gratefully on the shoulder, Steve made his way past the guards over to the guest wing of the palace, where he found Sam and Bucky just emerging from their quarters.
"That may be," he said, as calmly as he could muster. "But at the same time, what happened to my father was a travesty, and it absolutely
"Eh, you know how it is. The kid keeps her pretty busy, probably helps keep her mind off of things, ya know? Keeps her from dwelling on it."
"Well, you're wrong," Peter said. He swiped at an errant tear that managed to escape, swallowing hard. "This wasn't the same as the Battle of New York, or that fire monster that attacked us in the movie theatre. This was… oh God, Gwen, this was…"
“Yeah,” Steve says softly.  He’s plenty aware of how engrossed Tony can get when he’s working.  He sees it multiple times per week.
And Steve had no doubt that if he were in Anthony's shoes, he wouldn't hesitate to do the very same thing. Keeping the information with Peter, a child who had been kept out of school already for over a year, also gave Anthony the perfect plausible deniability excuse in the event that it was somehow discovered. Since intelligence exams weren't administered to Langaran children until they were thirteen years of age, the only people who would likely know the true depth of Peter’s intelligence were his father and grandfather.
"That still leaves an infinite amount of universes that we'd have to navigate through in order to find the correct one," said Bruce.
"Thank you, Mr Stacy," said Peter, offering Gwen his arm like the little gentleman that he was. Steve felt another surge of pride at his son's impeccable manners, and judging by the look on Chief Stacy's face, he was pretty impressed too.
"Tony, I haven't done anything! I swear it!" Steve exclaimed, his Adam's apple bobbing as he gulped. He took another step towards Tony, halting again when Tony raised his palm.
“I’m coming!” Steve grits out as he picks up his pace.  He races past a clump of trees, swiping his shield across the chin of yet another soldier as Hulk lets out another roar in the distance, knocking a deluge of fluffy snow loose from the surrounding treetops.
Lang audibly gulped, tapping his fingertips together. "Um… Hank said it was some kind of a signal decoy, something that he built during his SHIELD days. He said he needed it to counteract some—"
"JARVIS, is Pete okay?" he asked once his lungs decided they'd had enough. Tony had checked in on Peter on the way to their room and found him completely conked out, but…
He was saved from having to think of something else by the arrival of their teacher, and proceeded to spend the next fifty minutes putting the final touches on the latest design for his web shooters. He had also recently come up with yet another Spider-Man suit design, wanting to be as prepared as possible for when Dad and Papa finally agreed to let him start training again.
"That's 'cause you're a physics whiz, Pete," Tony said as Peter scrambled onto the porch and lunged for his cup of hot cocoa sitting next to the fire pit. "There's no other way anyone else could hit a speedster with a snowball. Uncle Bruce would be proud."
"And my dad knows that," Peter finished. "He knows you didn't have a choice, and there's no way he would've said you could stay here if he didn't believe it."
As usual, Peter was able to read Tony's mind. "It's not only about me, Dad, remember? This is about everyone. This is about our planet being freed from a war that's lasted for generations. It's so much bigger than me."
—finger, to Steve it also reminded him of what Mr Jarvis had often said to Tony, that hope was still stronger than fear.
that I am going to any doctor or hospital, so you can just get that right outta your head right the hell now!"
him. Tony could see it spelled out so clearly that it may as well have been tattooed across his forehead.
"I'll be there soon, little guy, just gonna talk to Dad a bit first," Steve said with a nod. "Don't start without me."
Papa’s lower lip shook as his fingers curled around Peter’s hand, squeezing it.  “Yeah, little guy, it does.  It makes perfect sense.”
Tony rolled his eyes, his fingers twitching in Steve's. "Fine, mother hen, we can go have coffee. But just one, okay? I've got a lot of data to look through, and since none of the SHIELD scientists know how to organise anything, it's kind of a mess."
"Dad?" Peter asked, his quiet voice startling Tony from his anxiety-induced daze. His clenched hands were still trembling, his fingernails leaving moon-shaped indentations in his palms as he watched Peter Quill yammer his way around the surface of Titan. He'd told Peter that he had come up with a plan for when Thanos finally decided to show up, and he had. But at the moment Tony was still grappling with the almost overwhelming desire to claw Quill's face off with his bare hands and then try to escape back to Earth in his ship, Strange Wizard and the goddamn Time Stone be damned.
"Jesus, Pete," Tony gasped, pressing his palm over his racing heart. "You gotta give me a warning or something when you come up behind me like that, okay?"
“Well… almost,” Steve said, his belly once again swooping with nervousness.  Situating Peter on his lap, he dug into his jeans pocket, pulling out Tony’s ring.  Then he reached for Tony’s hand, looking deep into his startled fella’s eyes.
"Mmm. Fine," Peter grumbled. It sounded like he'd be using yet another of his JARVIS overrides in the next day or so, which meant he should probably start working on some new ones.
"Shh," whispered Tony. "Just… please, stop." He pressed his lips to Steve's forehead, tilting his chin up to look at him. "There doesn't have to be a next time, okay? I've got some plans that I'm gonna get working on ASAP that should prevent something like this from ever happening again, so—"
"That's what I thought," Steve whispered as he dipped his head, brushing his lips so lightly across Tony's that at first he thought he might've imagined it. He pulled back, his blue eyes intense as they bored into Tony's, while his free hand slid down Tony's front, fiddling with the frayed hem of the tank top.
He would push aside his own pain and grief and try and focus on others, just like he always did. Just like people would expect from Captain America.
"Oh, yeah. Just in time for you guys to leave again," Gwen said with a sigh. She leaned against the row of lockers as Peter tackled his combination lock. "I was kinda hoping we'd get to spend some time together during break."
“I can’t wait to finally see this amazing place in person,” Steve said as he kissed Tony again.  “Thank you, sweetheart.”
Obie tsked, downing half the Scotch in his glass.  “Well, how was I supposed to know when you were coming in when you've been avoiding me all weekend?  I was starting to take it personally!”
"Oh, mo grá," Steve murmured as he gathered his husband close. In all of the festivities that day, the fact that Tony had had yet another nightmare the night before had gotten pushed to the back of his mind. "Tony, those are just nightmares. It doesn't mean they're going to come true."
"Avengers!" he said, loud and commanding, then paused, glancing down first at Tony, then Peter, both of whom gave him encouraging nods.
"This is over in that tree over there," Peter said, pointing out his window towards the large oak tree a few metres away. "And I've seen the momma bird a few times too, she's dark blue with red tips on her wings. She's really pretty."
Pulling up to the curb about five spaces away from the store, Steve hesitated, wringing his hands in his lap as Tony shifted the car into Park.  He’d written
Her announcement was followed by a series of thundering footsteps, clomping down the wooden stairs like a stampede of wild animals. Gwen quickly closed her laptop and got to her feet, grabbing Peter's wrist and jerking her head down a short hallway off to the left.
"Nat, hit it with your Bites, the electrical charge should help disrupt the water!" Steve commanded.
"Copy that," Tony whispered. He sucked in a deep breath as his faceplate closed and his HUD formed in front of his eyes, glancing over at his husband and his son as his heart started to thud.
Peter gave a nod, trying to not look too impatient. Now that he had his permission all he wanted to do was get started.
Without waiting for a response Joseph pressed down on the trigger, holding his breath as the missile launched from its spot on the right wing, his eyes trained on the missile's fiery trail as it flew towards the bomb.
Peter's cheeks immediately flushed pink, and he winced. "Uhh, yeah. I just… when I went to brush my teeth, I guess I kinda squeezed the toothpaste tube a bit harder than I needed to, and it… well… it kinda exploded, so then I had to clean it up. Sorry."
"Good," Nebula said before stepping over to where her sister lay whimpering in the dust. Crouching down, she grabbed onto Gamora's shoulders, giving them a gentle shake
"Hey!" he said, or more like gasped when Tony opened the door, too stunned to say anything else. If Steve had thought Tony was handsome before he looked even more amazing now, dressed in a dark blue t-shirt and dark grey pants that almost perfectly matched the frames of his glasses.
"All right," he said. He popped the bread into his mouth, his eyes closing briefly as he chewed. "This really is delicious."
"All right, can we bring out the prototype, please?" Hammer called from a balcony somewhere behind Steve, his voice echoing against the concrete walls and ceiling. He clapped his hands, rubbing them together like an excited toddler. "Oh, this is gonna be so good, I just know it!"
"I don't know, but we don't have time to find out," Tony said through his rising panic. He powered up his right repulsor, aiming it directly at the crack that was already starting to fill in. "JARVIS, give me forty-eight percent power and find me the weakest spot on that crack right now!"
"Ah, nope, he sure didn't," said Quill. "He just took off in our pod with two of my guys and like, almost all of our food. Said he was going to get his new hammer and would meet up with us afterwards."
"It—it didn't—it didn't pass," he murmured, cupping Tony's cheeks with trembling hands. "Tony—it didn't—"
"We are approaching the exit point now, Captain," said JARVIS. "Atmospheric exit in five… four… three… two… one… exit."
Dr Strange pursed his lips, glaring at Mantis. "For the last time, they are not dead! I have been dead before. Dozens of times, in fact, so I can assure you that none of the missing persons are dead! They have simply been… relocated. Now, if all of you are finally done asking all of your foolish questions, it is time for us to get going!"
Because if he did, if he told her that almost every night his dreams were haunted with the horrifying scene of her falling, that he could still hear the sickening
"Pete? It's gonna be okay, buddy, I'll make sure of it," Tony said as he ran his fingers through Peter's downy-soft curls. He quickly pressed his lips to Peter's forehead, his belly swooping at his frigid temperature. "I'll be right back, okay?
Tony held onto the steering wheel like he was afraid it was going to disappear as he pulled into the parking lot of Peter’s school.  He had spent the entire day yesterday going over everything he and Peter were able to find regarding the production and shipping for the exploding bullets and the rifles, matching up shipment manifests and obtaining security footage from the warehouse to corroborate their theory that Obie was colluding with Justin Hammer’s company to supply insurgents in Sokovia with weapons.
"Tony," Steve gasped, the name ripping from his throat like a jagged blade. His eyes went wide as he took in his husband's face, a bit more drawn and pale than his usual, but still
Tony smiled. That was one of he and Steve's 'things', as pointed out by Peter a few nights ago. Whenever they were getting ready to go anywhere, Steve always offered Tony his arm and said, "Shall we"?
"Me too, Ma," Steve whispered, fighting back tears as he watched Howard step forward and offer Tony a congratulatory handshake. It was a bit stiff, and more than a bit tentative on both of their parts, but it was still more affection than they had shown each other in a long, long time.
"I guess we're just good at keeping you on your toes, right Sam?" Papa said. "Don't want anyone getting bored, do we?"
"Why don't you get your pjs on and brush your teeth now, yeah?" Tony suggested, covering his mouth as a yawn suddenly attacked out of nowhere. "'Cause I don't know about you, but Papa's still pretty wiped out, so he needs to get some sleep."
"Yeah, copy that. We'll let you know what we find," said Bruce. Replacing his glasses, he turned back to the pager, tapping commands into his keyboard.
Peter dropped his chin to his chest, shaking his head. "I didn't really want to talk about it, Ned. Dad and Papa were already so stressed out, and… I don't know, I just didn't feel like being constantly reminded, ya know?" He didn't add that he'd been so continuously exhausted lately that even the thought of the whole registration act thing was enough to almost make him cry, not to mention the stress of his upcoming experiment with the MAUDE glasses. He was far too old to be bursting into tears at school, of all places.
Peter swiped at his watery eyes, so flabbergasted he could barely form words. He'd been ramping himself up for an argument, and now he didn't quite know what to do. "Uhh, when did this happen? Wait, you know what? Nevermind. I guess it doesn't really matter when. Um… thanks! I—I really—I mean, thanks, Papa."
"Yeah, I guess." Tony fumbled around on his desk for his glasses, finally locating them under a bunch of tipped-over papers right next to the picture of a three-year-old Peter that he kept on his desk. The number of available aircraft wasn't the main problem, not as long as the pilots flying them were capable.
Tony quickly glanced at Helen, who gave a small shake of her head. Mental injuries weren't her thing, they were Sam's, who no doubt was going to have his work cut out for him once they finally were able to get Steve home.
He had to make sure that the arc reactor didn't flicker into nothingness, not even for one single second.
A few seconds later, the image began to shift, its pixels reorganising from the destroyed building into what appeared to be a hospital room.  Peter’s throat tightened as he saw Papa, now cleaned up and wearing a simple Army green t-shirt and camouflage pants, sleeping in a very uncomfortable-looking chair next to Uncle Bucky’s bedside, his hands gripping the chair’s arms and his brow tightly furrowed, like he was trapped inside one of his nightmares.  The room had that harsh, sterile look to it that all hospitals had, and it was quiet except for the occasional beep of the monitors.  Peter gulped as he studied the two men, letting out a sharp gasp as he noticed Uncle Bucky’s left arm sitting on top of his blankets, which was so covered in blood-soaked bandages that only the very tips of his fingers were poking out.
, but then Steve came along and managed to change things. Before Steve, Tony's main focus had always been Peter and Peter alone, pouring almost all of his attention and energy into his son's well-being and future, and leaving very little left over for either himself or the company he was supposed to be running.
Steve let out a heavy sigh, greatly aided by the tranquilliser still flowing through his veins. "Fine," he finally whispered. "But… you don't need to sit here with me. I know—I know you've got other stuff you'd rather be doing."
Once again Peter had to finish chewing before he could answer. "Ah, yeah. She's really good, our team's gonna be hard to beat this year."
Just like he couldn't tell Ned the truth about how Dad had lingered near death for days in the hospital while Uncle Bruce and Helen Cho worked round-the-clock to develop an antidote to the Aminacin that was trying to kill him, and how messed-up Papa was now because of it.
"Then I'll bribe them," retorted Peter, only half-joking. Now that he'd finally worked up the nerve to ask Gwen on an actual date, he really,
"Yeah, but that should be okay if we strictly follow the rules of time-travel, right?" asked Scott. "I mean, like no talking to our future selves, no betting on sporting events, no—"
And the only way Steve could see to dig himself out of the hole he had dug was to defend his Olympic titles.  Without the anticipation of those medals, Steve was in danger of losing his endorsements, the only way he could cover his pool rental and the treatments for his bum shoulder.
Which they very well might've been, especially if Colonel Phillips had called ahead to warn them. But still… the thought that Peter had been forced to wait for almost eight years to have a life-saving surgery while numerous medical professionals were just sitting around on the off chance that an Air Corps member would become sick or injured… it just wasn't right.
"I am uncertain, sir, given Captain Rogers' previous statements regarding nanite armour. However, I will say, this configuration is far closer to Captain Rogers' current uniform design than it is to the Iron Man armour."
In fact, they still didn't agree on the proper way to squeeze toothpaste from the tube, which was just stupid because
he thought as he glanced out his window, smiling lightly as he watched Mrs Bird land on her nest. Her chicks had grown so big in the last few days that they were almost too big to still fit inside. Soon they would be flying away.
"Let's just enjoy this, okay?" Papa whispered, only loud enough for Peter and Dad to hear, and a knot rose in Peter's throat at his tone. He sounded scared, almost desperate, much like he had in the hospital right after Peter had woken up until he was reassured that Peter was going to be okay. The fun summer had helped him relax a little bit, but now, after the incident at the lake, Papa was back to being afraid.
"Pardon me, Mr Wilson," JARVIS cut in. "But based on your required parameters, all six of the roasting turkeys have now reached their desired internal temperatures, making them safe for human consumption."
"Ah, yes, yes, your round friend," said Thor. "I rather enjoy his company, will he be accompanying us to the hockey as well?"
"Justin Hammer couldn't manage his way out of a paper bag, so it's got to be HYDRA that's pulling the strings," Tony retorted. "Especially with these semi-enhanced things that keep showing up, I don't think Hammer Industries would have the capability for that kind of thing."
"Um, I'm pretty sure that wouldn't be very diplomatic of me, Dad," said Peter. "So probably not the best idea since they just saved your life, don't ya think?"
He's not Luke goddamn Skywalker or—or one of your Air Force scouts, Rhodey, he's my fifteen-year-old
Tony thought as he tipped his head back against Steve's shoulder, briefly closing his eyes. He, Steve, and Peter were curled up on the couch in the living room of their Irish cottage, watching the latest Star Wars movie on the big-screen TV. It had been a pretty busy day, beginning with yet another flat tire while driving along the bumpy Irish roads—and what
And as always, I can’t wait to hear what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit that kudos button, and leave me a comment if you like!  😊
"Yeah, but you love me anyway," Tony said with a wink as he gave Steve's ass another firm squeeze. "But if you promise to keep behaving, there'll be more where that came from later tonight."
"Um… this thing can be pretty loud, and there's quite a bit of dust stuck in here so it might take a few minutes," he said. "You wanna borrow a pair of Pete's earplugs while I clean it out?"
Looking back, Steve realises now that he never should’ve expected himself to be healthy enough to win the 100 free, especially after he lost to Bucky Barnes at the Trials.  He’d heard all the buzz about Alexei Shostakov and tried to brush it off as nothing but propaganda, when he should’ve been paying more attention to studying Shostakov’s races and trying to figure out a better game plan.
Between the growing suspicions with General O'Brien—Steve was about ninety-five percent convinced that the Meridian spy was reporting directly to the general, or vice versa—increasing concerns about possible Meridian retaliation, and Peter's worsening condition, Steve, Tony, Sharon, and Sam had decided they couldn't wait any longer than that to initialise Project Phoenix.
Ned scoffed, rolling his eyes. "I mean, my one uncle's a tax attorney, and my other one manages a Target out in Hawaii. Not exactly all that exciting, you know?"
Tony's beautiful brown eyes were glassy as they swept across Steve's face. "You think you could make that french silk pie that you made that one time? With the whipped cream, and the little chocolate swirls on top?"
And of course Peter had told him that he would, even though he knew the truth. Even though he had already accepted that he was going to die. That he was to the point now where he even welcomed the fact that he was going to die.
Tony gulped, struggling to keep his expression as neutral as possible, even as his mind was screaming at him for his unimaginable stupidity.
It was that reason—amongst a few others that Peter didn't really enjoy discussing—that had led to Dad and Papa's decision to keep Peter out of school until the beginning of the new calendar year, rather than send him back at the beginning of the school year. Not only were they still getting daily phone calls from reporters and news agencies asking to interview Peter a whole nine weeks after Papa's safe return from space, Dad and Papa also wanted to make sure that Peter had as much of a handle on his new abilities as possible before he was put into what they were calling "a potentially stressful situation". While Papa's super strength was no longer much of a secret, Peter's dads wanted to ensure that his own enhancements remained a secret for as long as possible, which meant that Peter actually had to practise how to act normal.
Would he manage to find it still intact?  He supposed that was anyone’s guess.  All Steve knew at the moment was that in the six or so minutes he was inside the store, Tony Stark had managed to completely captivate him, which meant there was no way he could continue channelling all of his pent-up resentment and hatred towards him.
And if Dad and Steve did end up getting married, then Dad would have someone to help take care of him once Peter was gone. Dad had told Peter tons of times that he'd saved his life when he was born, and that he tolerated living in Grandpa's house only for Peter's sake. But with Steve in the picture, everything would be better. They could convince Grandpa to move to a place where he could be happier—and hopefully quit drinking for good—and then they'd be free to move into that house out on the lake that Dad had been drooling over ever since it was built.
Uncle Bucky's lips twitched into a smile. "Yeah, I have. Some of the guys in my Army squadron liked to say it when they thought someone was bullshittin' 'em. Why?"
"Had my husband killed?" Grandma cut in. "Or was at least happy about it? Yes, I do. Although it took me a long time to admit it. I was… too angry, at first, and all I wanted was someone to blame."
Tony's eyebrows shot up. He knew Steve had signed the lease on the lake house before he'd left on the Phoenix mission, but Tony hadn't counted on them being able to move in so quickly.
He took his time in the shower, rehearsing apology speeches in his mind as he tried to scrub the layer of sweat from his hair and body that felt at least a centimetre thick. Bucky was right; it probably had been unsafe for Steve to be up there that morning not only because of what had happened with Tony, but because he hadn't eaten. Steve had experienced a few pretty scary blood sugar drops right after he'd received the serum as his body tried to adjust to his vastly increased metabolism, but it had been years since he'd had one that bad.
"Okay, but I'm not sure you should go in alone, Tony," Steve protested. "I think Sam or Clint should go with you, okay?"
"Yeah, maybe. I s'pose it was inevitable since he is a Stark after all, the poor kid," Tony said instead. He looked up as Peter reentered the lab, a set of his earplugs clutched in one hand.
The text that read: longing, rusted, furnace, daybreak, seventeen, benign, nine, homecoming, one, and freight car.
"Well, I'm sure Pete could always give them a hand with their schoolwork if it comes down to it," Tony said, only half-joking. "Wouldn't wanna make Barton have to use his brains too much if it's too painful."
"Damn right, kiddo," Clint said as he mussed Peter's hair. "C'mon, let's get the hell outta here. I've had enough of this room to last a long, long time."
Carrying the food and water back into the living room, Steve found Natasha sitting on the arm of one of the couches warily eyeing Scott, who was sitting so close to the edge of a cushion that Steve was surprised he hadn't slid off.
Peter's heart seized as first Drax, then Mantis stepped through the portal, his fingers curling into fists at his sides as his mind raced at the speed of light, trying like hell to
“Ahh, you might wanna save that kind of chitchat for after practise,” Tony cuts in.  He shoots Peter a fond look, mussing up his rather wild curls.  “Trust me.  You get this kid talking about anything that happened at school, or anywhere else, for that matter, and you’d better be prepared to hunker down and stay awhile.  And probably order some food while you're at it.”
And since it was technically already Monday morning, then Tony was about to face a whole shitload of misery if he couldn’t figure out why the thing wasn’t working.
"Then it will be, sweetheart," Steve murmured. He curled his fingers around Tony's cock, stroking him slowly. "But now… I'd really like to get back to what we were doing."
"Thank you," Steve whispered. He pressed a kiss to Tony's forehead, his heart fluttering when Tony grabbed onto his face to guide his lips to his. Once again, the kiss was chaste, but it was still enough to ignite the heat in the pit of Steve's stomach. And give him hope that there might be more to come sooner rather than later.
Tony whispered, his mouth so dry and cracked that the very act of breathing was painful. Somehow, he wasn't dead. Instead, he was back on the ship, sitting in the pilot's seat and staring dumbfounded at the angel hovering out in space, right in front of the ship's nose.
"You look good with your glasses on. I'm surprised you don't just wear them all the time," Gwen said casually as they made their way down the hall, past one of the janitor's closets that was hanging open for some reason. Peter had noticed that the school had hired a new janitor after he came back from Christmas break, but unlike most of the others, this one hadn't taken the time to introduce himself to the students, even purposefully avoiding eye contact with them as they filed out of the gym after Decathlon practise.
Steve begged, his blue eyes glassy with unshed tears. "Please, I'm begging you, just give me one minute to explain. If you still want to leave after that I'll understand, but please, just let me tell you the truth. Please?"
"It is indeed, Son of Wil," said Thor. "And now that it is back in the hands of the Chitauri, it is my thought that we must take measures to remove the other Earth-bound gems from this planet. It is not safe to have this many of these stones in such close proximity."
"Master Peter is currently sleeping peacefully, Captain," JARVIS answered, his calm voice such a sharp contrast to Steve's roiling emotions that Steve nearly burst into tears. "Would you like me to wake him?"
Making his way to his lab, Tony retrieved the nanite case he'd finished constructing while Steve was down in Namibia and pressed it onto his chest over his t-shirt. He had designed the case to adhere to both fabrics and skin, and was currently trying to figure out which option he preferred.
Steve huffed, his upper body shaking as he tried to hold back his sobs. He pressed a kiss to the top of Peter's head, then rested his cheek there, squeezing Peter so tightly that he let out a soft grunt. "This time, maybe," he whispered between clenched teeth. "But—but what about—what about the
"I wouldn't have it any other way." Steve pressed his lips to Tony's knuckles, practically melting with relief. "Thank you, sweetheart. Thank you for trusting me on this."
"No one's been talking about the kid, Steve, I promise," Bucky said as he finished tying his shoes. "It's just something we all just kinda found out after he started working with us, but none of us know his name or how old he is or anything."
"Quill," Drax said a heartbeat later, just as shocked and frightened as Tony felt as he began to disintegrate, leaving nothing behind but a pile of blowing ashes in three seconds flat.
"I didn't ask you to save me," Strange said. "Neither you nor this… circus clown that you've brought along."
“Yeah, I guess.  My dad… he works a ton, so he doesn't really have a lot of time for reading.  But he likes that I love it.”
"Not exactly, although I thought those were particularly low blows, even from that slimeball Davis," Tony said, nearly spitting out the words. "There was no point to those questions other than to try and get a reaction out of you."
And, which also meant that Dad had no idea where they'd taken Papa or what they were going to do with him. An attempt to trace the licence plate of the agents' car had led to a dead end, and there was no way for JARVIS to trace the location of the answering service either, as the phone number was being routed through about a zillion different relays. JARVIS was working on it, of course, but since HYDRA was likely changing the relay locations on a real-time basis it probably would turn out to be just another dead end.
Shrugging, Peter pushed open the exit door, allowing Gwen to step in front of him. "No, I'm not positive, but I think they might say yes if I ask my Uncle Bucky to come with us. He's super cool, he would just sit in the back or something and leave us alone, but he's also not someone that anyone would wanna mess with, so… it should be okay. And I think he'd even go to bat for me with Dad and Papa if he needed to."
, Tony thought as he typed in the opening commands, letting out a heavy sigh as he reached for the framed photograph of Peter. It had been taken on a beautiful sunny summer day about a week after his third birthday, only a few days before the severe hypoxic episode that landed him in the hospital and eventually led to the diagnosis of his heart defect. Tony had already begun to notice certain things that were odd, like Peter's lips turning a funky colour after he'd been running around and the fact that his little hands and feet were always freezing cold no matter how warm it was outside, but it wasn't until the lead doctor ordered the expensive-as-hell scan of Peter's heart that they'd discovered how bad it really was.
"Pete! Let's get moving!" Dad called as he took off towards the top of a destroyed building. "Time to get into position!"
"Goddamnit!" Bucky yelled as he knocked Steve out of the way and pointed his rifle inside the tank, firing once.
His boyfriend who was not only drop-dead gorgeous, but also hotter than hell.  And for someone who before Tony had been even purer than the ice he’d been discovered in, Steve was also the most generous lover that Tony had ever been with, going out of his way to ensure that Tony never doubted just how cherished he was.
Tony swiped his hand across his nose, barely avoiding sideswiping another car as he attempted to merge. "Uhh, Rhodey, how fast can you get to New York?'
"See, and the satellites would attach to each aircraft at the missile mounts," Tony said, pointing to the diagram that Peter had just finished the day before. "So with three aircraft available we'd be able to carry twelve total satellites."
So much so that all Tony could do was sit back and watch.  And make sure to give Peter all the credit when the inevitable reporters came snooping around.
as the ends realign are the final straws for Steve’s whirlpooling stomach.  He lurches to the side, coughing and choking as he barfs all over the cement floor, vaguely aware of Tony’s hands gently cupping his shoulders, keeping him from tipping over.
“That is indeed true, my archer friend,” Thor says, clapping Clint so hard on the shoulder that he nearly knocks him to his knees.  “Revels are always enhanced by the enjoyment of ale.  Perhaps we can also indulge in some of these popsicles that you mentioned?  They sound intriguing; are they anything like Pop-Tarts?”
"Copy that, hon," Tony said, the sound of his repulsors booming across the sky as he, James, Quill, and Sam all swooped down, firing at the Chitauri squadron like a quartet of P-52 Mustangs. Their barrage of fire was so strong that they managed to knock several of the Chitauri into Thanos, pushing him to the ground while Carol took care of the rest of the Chitauri guards, vaporising them with powerful energy blasts from her fists.
attempt to date anyone right now.  Not when his heart is even more battered and bruised than his shoulder.
Whatever else he might have said was drowned out by Thor's ear splitting cry as he flung his axe in Thanos' direction, which Thanos then batted away with his blade as though it was nothing more than a toy.
The young woman—Wanda, the doctor had called her, who didn't look much older than Peter—gave a nod, stepping back as Doctor List took a slim metal device from his pocket and touched it to the window, opening a hole just large enough for Wanda's hand to slip through.
It's a bit hard for me to admit that the story is over! I can't thank all of you enough for all of the support you guys showed me through this entire series!
"Excellent!" Gwen exclaimed, smiling as she flipped her index cards. "Cindy, in what U.S. state did Winston Churchill make his famous 'Iron Curtain' speech in 1946?"
"Mmm," muttered Tony as his right eye cracked open just wide enough to glare in Steve's direction. "You first."
"Aw, that's wonderful!" Steve exclaimed, even as he felt a pang of regret. He had really enjoyed getting to know Tyler.
"Come in?" Steve said, not too surprised when Natasha poked her head inside. It never ceased to amaze Steve how even-keeled Natasha could be while everything else seemed to be on a straight line to hell.
Not that Peter seemed to mind.  In fact, Tony had found him feather-dusting the shelves when he’d arrived the night before, saying that it was the least he could do since he’d been hanging out there so much lately.  Steve had tried to insist that he take home a bookmark for his trouble, but neither Tony nor Peter would hear anything of it.  Tony knew how expensive the rents were in that area, and there was no way he was going to allow Steve to give them anything when they could easily buy out his entire store about a million times over.
And there were still at least a dozen people trapped in the auditorium with him. Helpless, innocent people who he needed to save.
"Which is really all that matters, when it comes down to it," said Ma. "My parents never gave me their blessing to marry Joseph, but that didn't mean we weren't happy."
"Gwen!" he cried, or rather squeaked, still unable to draw in air as he slid down the web rope to her, cradling her to his chest, her eyes staring blankly ahead.
Which was good, considering at the moment, Steve didn't even feel up to fighting against his punching bags, much less some villain out to gain control of some nuclear arsenal somewhere, or whatever other chaos they would be plotting.
Steve tipped his head back against the pillows, breathing in slowly as he chewed. "Tony, that's… this is… well, it's just brilliant! And you said that Peter came up with this?"
"Fury was adamant that they got all of the Aminacin from the Miami bunker after the battle, babe, and all of the CTX-616 that was being housed here at Stark Industries has been destroyed," Tony said. "As for there potentially being other stocks of it somewhere else, though, it is a possibility. We know both Obie and Beck got their hands on it while it was here, and one or both of them might've transported some off-site, so—"
"Even more reason to get Project Phoenix up and running, right?" he added. "Make sure nothing like this ever happens again?"
Gwen's eyes were as wide as saucers as she took the laptop from Peter's hand. "Yeah, I guess I did. Those are some pretty fast reflexes you've got there, Peter Stark-Rogers."
More tears welled in Peter's eyes, with one escaping to roll down his cheek as Gwen wound her arms around his neck and pulled him into a hug.
After shrugging into his jacket, Steve gave Peter a final wave and followed Tony into the elevator.  Without Peter there to chatter away the silence, his nervousness came rushing back with a vengeance, and he found himself rehearsing lines in his head as they rode down the two-hundred-plus story building to Tony’s private parking garage.
"Grandma had to help me with my tie," Peter added as he tugged on his silky-soft, royal purple tie, the very same tie that Dad was set to wear. His suit was the same as Dad's as well, a beautiful charcoal grey colour, and designed by the very same tailor who had created the Air Corps dress uniforms.
"That's what I've been trying to figure out," said Steve. "I think Colonel Phillips knows something about it, but… it's not appropriate of me to ask him point-blank, so…"
"Yeah, yeah. Let me know the moment you find something, but don't just blurt it out if Steve's around either. The timing's a bit critical, okay?"
He would just have to figure it out some other way, and the sooner the better. The clock was ticking, and Tony had always hated the sound of ticking clocks.
"Just a gut feeling, what Steve would call an instinct," said Tony. "I'm gonna be looking over Beck's stuff again tonight, but at the moment—"
With a nod, Steve flipped them so Tony was on top, straddling his hips as his lips trailed across Steve's pecs, pausing to flick his tongue across both of Steve's nipples as he slid his hand down his sternum to his rock-hard abs.
As the announcer calls “Ready”, Tony’s surprised to see that Steve is bare-chested under his warm-up suit, along with the rest of the swimmers in the field.  Apparently the full-body swimsuits weren’t in style for this Olympics.
Comments mean the world to me, so don’t forget to hit that kudos button and let me know what you think!  💖
"Yeah?" answered Gwen. "My mom took my two youngest brothers there to see the last Pixar movie a few weeks ago. She said it was pretty nice."
"The Stevie you used to know used to get beat up in the schoolyard all the time," Steve said ruefully. "And that was only when he was well enough to go in the first place."
The air around him was rife with smoke and the pungent smell of ozone, the buzz of his aircraft's engine a dull din to Joseph's ringing ears as he spun to avoid yet another enemy missile. He had already managed to score three kills in the dogfight that had been waging for over two hours, but those kills had come at the steep cost of almost all of his fuel and most of his armaments. At last count Joseph was down to only one remaining missile and maybe a hundred rounds of machine gun ammo, and so needed to play it extra safe just in case the enemy returned with fresh reinforcements.
If direction even mattered out there in space, which Steve honestly didn't know and didn't really care to figure out. He figured poor Tony—and now Peter—knew enough about space for the three of them.
The man he’d believed he had hated for almost twenty years, was instead the man he was falling in love with.
T'Challa sighed, glancing back at his army. "Yes, it is important, Captain," he said. "But if this conflict has taught me anything, it is that sometimes we Wakandans place too much emphasis on what was, and not enough on what could be. You have my permission to reveal the location of the stone. I only ask for one thing in return."
"Really?" Peter exclaimed. "Even you, Uncle Bucky? Oh, that'd be so awesome if you could be there too!"
"You have lost, Captain!" Thanos snarled, his words vibrating with laughter. "Just as you lost before!"
"I hate to say it, but part of it comes with being a parent, babe," Tony said gently. "You should've seen me the day I brought Pete home from the hospital. I'd had the entire house deep-cleaned from top to bottom three separate times, had all the video monitors installed, had plenty of diapers and formula and baby clothes and everything else on hand, and then as soon as we stepped through the door, like literally as soon as I set foot inside the house, I completely panicked. Like, Rhodey had to talk me down from the ceiling type of panic. I hadn't been home the entire time Pete was in the hospital, and as he got better his nurses had let me do as much of his care as possible, so I knew exactly what I needed to do for him. But it was like as soon as we were home, I just felt completely helpless. Nothing had changed except our location, but I still felt like I didn't have a clue on what to do with him. And he was just sitting there in his car seat, looking up at me with those huge brown doe eyes of his, and I was just frozen. I could not move."
Tony was stunned.  Rhodey had always teased him that he could read Tony’s mind, and he pretty much could.  But as someone who had always prided himself on being able to fake it with the best of them, it was pretty shocking to hear that the changes in his emotional state had been that obvious.
"Magic!" Peter said as he disappeared into another portal, emerging to find the maroon cloak wrapping itself around the gauntlet.
Peter nodded, his entire chest feeling like it was on fire. "Yeah, but Dad, Dr Strange, he just gave Thanos the Time Stone! Doesn't that mean that we lost?"
"Yeah, honey, I'm alive," answered Tony, over and over again. "Pete and I are both alive, and he's just down the hall in his room sleeping right now. Right, JARVIS?"
Steve was quiet for several heartbeats, and Tony could just picture the worry wrinkle firmly etched between his eyebrows.
Strange glanced up, still huffing like he'd just ran a marathon. "Fourteen million, six hundred and five," he answered.
And the fact that he was Tony's friend didn't really help Rhodey's cause either. While not entirely unheard of, it was rare indeed for members of the military to fraternise with civilians, especially those in the higher ranks like Rhodey and Colonel Phillips. And while Tony didn't consider Crotchety Phillips a friend—more like a barely-tolerated colleague—he knew without a doubt that he'd be completely lost without what little support Rhodey could give him.
sounded over the comm as the tesseract discharged from Steve's aircraft, with Tony waiting with baited breath for Steve's assessment.
"Steve, just don't think, okay?" begged Tony. "Just… try and stay awake so I can see those gorgeous blue eyes of yours when you land, yeah? We're bringing you home now."
"Yep, you're absolutely right," Steve said as he pecked Tony on the nose. "Besides. I think we need to discuss a certain anniversary that's coming up in a few days. Don't you?"
Tony shrugged. "Yeah, maybe. But I betcha my kid's seen more movies." Arming one of his shoulder missiles, Tony launched it through the ship's hull, the resulting vacuum blowing both the alien and the hunks of metal out into space. Less than a second later, Strange was yanked from his suspension as Peter leaped forward, launching his web at Strange's back just in time to keep him from disappearing into the nothingness. Tony immediately flew towards them, preparing to seal the hole as the new iron spider legs he'd built into Peter's suit activated, bracing him against the ship's hull so he could pull Strange back inside.
"Did you see the latest Lego catalog?" he asked. "There's a new Death Star set that's coming available in about a month!"
"Yeah, and every single time the Iron Legion's been able to take care of things even though we're running twice as many convoys as usual. I really want to get the Triskelion mess done before Congress comes back into session," Dad said. He tipped his head back, removing his glasses and pinching the bridge of his nose. "I will be so damn happy once all this junk is over, though. I'm so goddamn sick of all those government assholes."
"Please, stop!" another voice cried, barely audible through the blood rushing past Peter's ears. "Leave him alone, he's only a boy!"
"JARVIS wouldn't've put you through if you were," Tony said, even as he slipped his hand behind Steve to pinch his ass, chuckling when Steve flinched and shot him a glare.
“Mmph!” grumbled Peter.  He supposed that even if the presence of Special Forces inside the country wasn't considered “official”, it still meant they would be allowed to receive supply shipments as long as their soldiers were within its borders.
Papa sighed, his shoulders sagging a bit. "Yes, you are. And I'm so, so grateful, Peter, because I love you. Both Dad and I love you so much. Our little family just wouldn't be complete without you."
Creeping close to the edge of his spot, Peter slowly peeked over, careful to not disturb any loose debris.
And ever since then, Steve had kept his word.  In the ten or so months since their first date, Tony had lost count of the ways Steve had demonstrated his love and commitment not only to Tony, but to Peter as well.  From offering Tony his arm and opening doors for him while out and about to picking up Peter at school and cooking him dinner when Tony had to work late, Steve had shown time and time again that this was no passing fancy for him.  It was real.
"It looks like Pete wrote a code that links a communications chip directly into Clint's hearing aides," said Tony. "It'd be pretty much untraceable since it doesn't use normal communications frequencies and Clint would be the only one receiving it."
Burning hot anger surged through Peter, so strongly that he felt like stomping a hole through the floor. It didn't help that he was already tired so his vision was starting to warp, requiring a good deal of his concentration to keep it somewhat normal. His senses always got messed up when he was tired or upset, and even worse when he was both.
“Oh, you know.”  There's a pause, followed by footsteps as Natasha approaches his desk, her faded floral tea mug cradled between her hands.  “The train was on time, the bakery got my order right on the first try, and I didn't drop my ID down the storm drain, so… yeah, I’d say it’s going okay so far.”
"You might not remember," Beck began. "But we actually attended a conference together, back when the company was still based out in California. It was only a small tech conference held in Silicon Valley, but I'll never forget how mesmerised I was by you, sir. You're just… such an inspiring man to work for, and I hope you'll excuse my tardiness today because I just wanted to make absolutely sure that this presentation was worthy of your valuable attention."
"Oh, wait!" Gwen shrieked as soon as Peter had turned his back. He twirled back around, nearly sending his backpack flying off his shoulder.
Kicking off his shoes, Tony flung his tie in the general direction of the armchair and pushed himself up to his feet, grabbing his stack of books and following the glaring beam from his handlamp as he headed down the short hallway towards the bedrooms. Peter's door was cracked open, as per usual, so Tony peeked inside, relieved to see that he was sleeping peacefully.
"Thank you," Steve said, nearly slumping in relief. He pressed a kiss to Tony's forehead, taking his hand. "Let's go see our boy now, hmm?"
"Yeah, yeah, whatever," Peter grumbled. "But I'm ready now, so can we please get going? I wanna do this."
"Ah, just more of the same bullshi—I mean, nonsense, trying to make my job as difficult as possible," Tony muttered. He let out a loud moan as Steve's fingers threaded into his hair and pressed into his scalp, his knees nearly buckling. "Damn, babe, you keep that up and you're gonna have to carry me outta here."
"Mr Stark, it's all my fault!" Gwen said before Tony could get a single word out. "I just let him go, and—"
"Pete! Hang on buddy!" Dad yelled as more missiles launched from his suit, assuming the Jericho formation that he'd once been so proud of. "I'm coming!"
"All right, you heard the Colonel, gentlemen," Joseph cut in, grateful that his voice didn't betray his underlying skepticism. "Time to head back."
He covered Tony's hand with his own as he came to a stop near the nose of his X-302, where Carol, James, and the rest of the A-shift pilots—minus Sam—were already assembled. Normally Tony would've already headed up to the observation deck—aka the Control Room—to watch as the patrol group took off, but Steve had asked him to stay until he boarded his aircraft, both to show the rest of the team that Tony's role was just as important as theirs, and so he could keep holding his hand for as long as possible.
"That's not for sure yet, little guy," Papa said. "Chief Stacy has a lot of concerns about her being so far away, and—"
It seemed like Steve preferred it that way anyway. Peter's initial first impressions of him aside, Steve had turned out to be a really great guy who seemed to enjoy spending time with Peter. He'd even confessed on one of his last visits that he felt like he could truly be himself when he was around Peter, instead of what he felt the Air Corps expected him to be, which to Peter was probably the biggest compliment that Steve could've given him.
"Hello, Mr Stacy!" Peter called back, grateful that at least his voice didn't crack or something. The third degree from Gwen had been bad enough, he didn't need her father to start barking questions at him too.
"No, of course not," Sam said with a playful scowl. "But see, if it happened to be the other way round, then you'd be all mopey and pouty with your hangdog look, and—"
With a heavy sigh, Peter pushed himself up off the bed and got to his feet. He hadn't eaten anything for over three hours, trying to ignore his grumbling stomach because he could barely bring himself to step foot inside the kitchen. But he was already starting to get the shakes from low blood sugar, and the last thing Dad needed at the moment was for Peter to pass out because he'd been too stubborn to eat.
just saved every single one of their asses?" Tony retorted. "So I don't think it's too much to ask—"
"That's just 'cause Stevie's afraid to look weak in front of his kid," Uncle Bucky said, obviously frustrated. "Which is just goddamn ridiculous, if you ask me. That kid adores him, so I just don't get that at all."
Whenever he refuses to admit that serum or not, he’s still human, and therefore will make the occasional mistake.
Not that Obie would’ve ever allowed him to anyway.  The first time that Tony ever got caught in a compromising position with another guy, back when he was in college, Obie ended up throwing an even bigger tantrum about it than Howard.  And that was saying something.
Sliding the final book into his backpack, Peter slammed his locker door closed, huffing in annoyance when the thin metal bent beneath his palm.
Tony rasped as Steve broke away from his lips to kiss down to his neck, sucking on his sensitive pulse point just hard enough to leave a small mark. He was usually very careful to not leave any visible marks on Tony's body out of fear that he might somehow get him in trouble, but this time Steve figured that it didn't much matter. Aside from the fact that their room was almost certainly bugged, it's not like Colonel Phillips hadn't already guessed what went on in there practically every single night.
Steve made a sort of choked off noise in his throat, and Tony cringed as his mind finally caught up with his mouth. "Oh, geez, honey, I didn't—I didn't mean—"
"Oh, shut the hell up, Tomis, will you?" called Joseph. "Maybe if you weren't always yapping when you should be listening, you'd be on O'Brien's good side too."
Tony's beautiful eyes filled with tears as they scanned down the lines of people filling the small room. "He has that effect on everyone," he said. "He's just that kind of kid."
"I don't know, Steve," answered Bruce just as the man let out a very soggy cough, jumping back when a bunch of water ran out of his mouth.
"Yeah, that's what I'm seeing down here," said Tony. "Hold on, let me see if I can get him back up."
"Which is what Fury helped me figure out," added Carol. "I was… out of commission for a bit after the crash."
"Nothing's more important to me than you are, Peter Edwin Stark," Tony said firmly. "And you know it,"
"So, how's it going out there, Bruce?" Natasha asked over the comm a few seconds later. "You getting the hang of things?"
With a quick glance at Dad, Papa set down his book and shifted slightly on the bed, holding open his free arm.
As soon as the serum infusion was completed, Sharon hurried back to Peter's side, removing the infusion apparatus and disconnecting the ventilator. Then she closed the sides and the top of the capsule, sealing Peter inside.
Fresh tears welled in Peter's eyes, spilling down his face. "But Papa's gonna suffocate if they don't get him down soon, and I can't let that happen, Uncle Bucky, I just can't! My dad needs him!"
"Oh no," Howard said softly. He swallowed hard, tilting his head. "I… um… well, the connection, it looked—it looked right to me when I did it, but—but maybe I didn't get as good a look as I thought, and—"
Scowling, Steve lowered his head and kicked it up another notch, his lungs burning as he sucked in a huge gulp of the cool morning air. How is it that he could pull out of a 4G ninety degree dive with only zero point two-five seconds to spare and not even break a sweat, but the mere thought of asking someone that he liked out on a date was enough to make him jittery?
Steve tilted his head, his blue eyes glassy as they bored into Tony's. "I've made you afraid of me."
"The plan," Tony echoed, biting down on his bottom lip as his belly gave a violent lurch. "Yeah. The plan."
"Pete!" Steve heard Tony scream, his repulsors firing as he headed towards him. "It's okay, buddy—!"
“You may not have meant to… whatever the hell that was.  But you do need something.  Something… more,” he said, his voice so low and flat that Steve’s felt his heart shattering in slow motion.  “Something more than we can give you, and I—I just can’t watch you self-destruct anymore.  I just can’t do it, Steve.  Not after this.”
"Of course, Captain," answered JARVIS. The screen went blank a few seconds later, with the sound of a chugging van filling Steve's ears shortly thereafter. He and Natasha were silent as they headed towards the residence's entryway, his heart thudding a staccato beat against his ribcage.
"Uh huh!" Securing his web, Peter grabbed onto Thanos' fingers, grunting as he tried to get them to uncurl. "We gotta get his fist open!"
"Well, if it's any consolation, I'd be completely on board with making an exit soon," Tony said, letting out another soft moan as Steve kissed down to the soft skin behind his ear. "Or even sooner. 'Cause I'm thinking that it's about damn time for me to remove that impossibly hot uniform from your impossibly hot body and have my way with you."
"Oh, I'm used to noise, so that's no big deal," Scott said. "After I got out of prison, I had to live in this hotel that always had music blaring, and—"
Lang shook his head, looking like he'd been knocked in the face by the Hulk. "Uhh, yeah! I do, actually. I've been talking with a few buddies of mine about opening up a home security company. I figured no one knows better how to secure a home than a bunch of people who're used to breaking in to 'em, so—"
"Then I wasn't," Steve said softly. Tears pricked his eyes that he quickly blinked away. He didn't like discussing it, not even with Sam, but he was also still haunted by that day. That day when he found Peter barely clinging to life, and saw the unbearable panic in Tony's eyes, panic that he couldn't help but instantly feel deep inside his gut. Steve still couldn't explain how he knew exactly what to do in order to save Peter, only that he had simply acted on instinct, and that his instincts had somehow been right.
of Steve's slow, steady heartbeat beneath his ear fighting against his own almost overwhelming urge to either panic or cry.
"Ah, it's okay," said Peter. "She and Uncle James are pretty smooshy too, they just don't show it as much as you guys do."
Steve's heart was thudding so fast that he could barely stay upright, his arms tight around Tony as if to remind himself that Tony was alive and well, and not lying in a hospital bed somewhere with his chest gaping open. The image displayed right in front of him and everyone else was one that had tormented him every single day since the battle. It was a near-constant thorn in the back of his mind, haunting both his waking hours and his dreams.
"Thanos is coming," Bruce interrupted, his voice practically squeaking in fear. "He's been out there, searching for the infinity gems over the past few years, and now he's coming here!"
"Tony, you know you don't have to," Steve cut in. "I've told you that. I'm fine with finding out with everyone else."
"All right," Steve said. He briefly locked eyes with Tony, who was standing at the foot of Peter's bed. Tony had made all of the arrangements for Peter to be discharged earlier that afternoon, during which Steve had had to physically restrain himself from punching out the lady doctor who'd had the gall to suggest that Tony should've pulled Peter from the hospital weeks ago.
A flood of shame suddenly washed over Steve, one so strong that it nearly knocked him off his chair. Growing up without a father had been awful, a fate that Steve wouldn't wish on anyone no matter who they were. But growing up with a father who'd been accused of treason and all of its accompanying ramifications… well… Steve wondered if that maybe had to have been even worse.
He could not allow himself to do that.  No matter who was responsible for his abduction, he simply could not allow them to even entertain the thought that he was breakable.
"Ow!" he said, the word ripping through his sore throat like a piece of jagged glass. He attempted to move his hand to rub at the bump, but his arm felt as heavy as a lead brick, and after two weak attempts Peter gave up, squeezing his eyes closed and willing the bright stars behind them to go away.
And now that it was gone, Steve made sure to lavish just as much attention to the scars that had taken its place, the raised constellation of skin that covered Tony's healthy, beating heart, the very same heart that he had given to Steve so freely and completely, and that Steve cherished more than his own life.
Unfortunately, not even Gwen's immeasurable understanding was enough to get Peter through his school day unscathed. Not only did he manage to snap one of the arms off of his favourite pair of glasses during Physics, earning an obnoxious guffaw from Flash Thompson, he also accidentally broke one of the faucet handles in the locker room after gym and only remembered to pack half the amount of snacks that he needed, forcing Gwen to ask her father to stop at a convenience store on the way to their house after practise so he could buy something to eat.
Tony looked up at him, tilting his head. "Well, you've always suspected they were in bed together anyway."
"Pretty sure Peter would protest that one, sweetheart," Steve said as he sat back, quickly ridding himself of his clothes. Tony's heart gave a flutter as Steve tossed his t-shirt onto the floor. No matter how many times he got to see his husband's glorious body, it still never failed to amaze him.
"Because it's usually perfectly fine to just use the stove or the oven," Steve insisted. He curled his arms around Tony's waist, leaning in for what he'd intended to be a quick kiss, one that transformed into a longer, deeper one when Tony wound his arms Steve's neck, holding him in place.
But first he had to ensure that Tony did get better, which, despite the forward progress he had made in the last twenty-four hours or so, he still had quite a ways to go. While he at least wasn't as sick as he had been following the battle in the Miami bunker, having to see his husband lying motionless in a hospital bed and hooked up to an innumerable amount of tubes, wires, and monitors was bringing way too many of Steve's repressed memories of that horrible time back up to the surface.
"All right, you bastards," he muttered as he pulled up the Meridian hangar feed. "Let's see what else of mine you've stolen."
"No, he's not!" called Green Lady. She stepped over to Blaster Guy's opposite side, her fingers curling around his arm. "Peter, you're not gonna hurt the kid, right?"
Once again the sceptre flashed, even brighter and longer than before. Image Peter's cries of pain were getting quieter, his strength starting to falter.
"So, as far as we know, General O'Brien believes that Project Phoenix is still an orbital defence system, which is how it was originally designed and presented to the government," Steve began. "Tony built the tesseract container in secret, and it's currently being guarded by people who've been assigned by Colonel Phillips. On the morning of the mission, Colonel Phillips will oversee the loading of the tesseract into my X-302, after which the eight Phoenix satellites will be mounted on both mine and Carol's aircraft."
“A parent wants you to coach his kid in swimming?” Natasha asks.  “I didn't know you were interested in taking on private students?”
"Hey now, little guy. That's no way to be talking," Papa said sternly, pressing a kiss to the top of Peter's head. "I really hope that you're exaggerating here."
It was something that had always gnawed at Steve even as a young child, why his ma always had to work so hard when Bucky's ma could stay at home, but out of politeness and respect for Sarah he had never asked her about it. Sarah Rogers was a very proud woman and had a temper that she wasn't afraid to use, and Steve had never felt it necessary to risk asking her something that might trigger it when the answer wouldn't help anyway.
"Nope, I didn't," Tony cut in. "Nat, you know I can barely keep up with my own kid's activities, much less yours. Times two."
“I know all about what’s going on in Sokovia, Tony,” Obie had replied, so low and deep that a chill had raced down Tony’s spine.  “But what I want to know now, is what the hell you think you're doing with that…
"Just feel like doing a mountain fly-by since my fuel's getting low," said Joseph. "You guys go on, I'll see you back at the base."
Before Thanos, at least, but still. The Avengers just… didn't lose. They might get knocked down, as that old, goofy song went, but they always got right back up again.
Tony shook his head, a deep frown marring his beautiful face. "Goddamnit, Steve, I was such a fucking idiot! I don't know what I was thinking, I should've never let this happen! I should've started investigating Beck the very first time Pepper mentioned his name, and instead—"
"Oh gods," Tony murmured as he scrabbled with Steve's t-shirt, finally ripping it over his head and launching it across the room. He searched the floor for his clothes, finally locating them halfway under the bed and nearly tipping over in his haste to snatch them up. His chest was so tight he could barely breathe, his limbs barely functional as he tried to push his legs into his pants and locate the fucking arm holes on his shirt, not even caring as he jammed his feet into his shoes that in his haze of betrayal and rage he'd managed put the damn thing on backwards.
"Ours," Howard said as he shook Steve's hand with a rather hesitant grip. "I'm sure Tony never thought he'd be saying that."
"Oh gods, Pete, you really did it," Tony whispered as he swiped at his eyes. "You really brought him back to life."
"Because they have protocols that they need to follow, Tony, you know that," Rhodey said, with the air of barely-tempered impatience that Tony had long become accustomed to. Tony knew Rhodey was in a very difficult position, his own standing in the Langaran Air Corps precarious ever since the accident that had left him unable to continue flying.
Any other day and maybe Tony wouldn’t have completely flipped out over Steve’s flashback.  Any other day and maybe he could’ve just brushed off Peter’s broken finger as a freak accident, and that he needed to do more to get Steve some help for his issues.
"Thanks, J," said Tony as Steve's shoulders dropped in relief. "And I suppose Toomes is still refusing to talk?"
"They'll never know it," snapped Thanos, just as vehemently. "Because none of you will be alive to tell them!"
Of all the low, scum-of-the-earth ways to circumvent the failure of the Registration Act, this wasn't one that Tony ever saw coming.
"Pete's senses tend to get a bit out of whack when he's tired," said Dad. "And if he's using a lot of energy to keep his vision in focus, then sometimes his other senses suffer." He turned to Peter, eyeing him pointedly. "Which is why you should be wearing your glasses more often."
“Oh, man, I am so ready for that,” Tony said.  He forced a smile onto his face, giving Steve a wink.  “Can’t wait to see what you can do with Mr Jarvis’s recipe.  I swear that guy was an honorary Italian the way he could cook.”
is that—?" The rest of his question died on his lips as Dr Strange began swinging his arm in a circle, forming the portal that would take them to Earth. As soon as it was wide enough, he stepped through, landing on what Peter recognised as the huge field out beyond King T'Challa's palace. Quill frowned as he slowly approached the circle, eyeing it warily.
"That's the thing, I don't know!" exclaimed Scott. He bit off part of his final sandwich half, washing it down with a big gulp of water. "Hank didn't really explain it to me much before I went in there, so I don't really know how it works. All I know is that I got stuck inside 'cause Hope disappeared, but once I did get out, to me only ten minutes had passed." He held out his arm, letting it flop to his side. "So you can imagine that I was just a little freaked out when I noticed how different everything was, and everything that had happened. I mean, Hope was gone, Hank and his wife were both gone, my own daughter was almost a whole year older
Tony's jaw twitched as he glared up at Steve with glassy eyes. "And you know you don't have to," he stated. "You know it."
—ago, and now, Steve would've given just about anything to know with absolute certainty that both he and Tony were okay.
Steve internally groans.  As much as he might enjoy reminiscing about his gold medal swims five years ago, he never got used to all the recognition he gained from them.
"Well… it's not so much what he did, it's just…" Pepper paused, tapping her pen against the desk. "He submitted a proposal for a new project a couple of weeks ago, and after I looked it over… I don't know, I had a couple of the other R&D supervisors look at it too, and they're not quite sure either, but it just seems—"
"I didn't—!" the man gasped, grabbing onto Bruce's arm and causing him to jump. "I was—I was programmed—I didn't have a choice—I didn't—!"
"No, I guess you wouldn't've," Tony forced past the lump in his throat. While he supposed it was possible that he and Steve would've run into each other at some point after he was found in the Arctic ice, they probably wouldn't have been thrown together in such a way that would've led to Peter latching onto Steve like a baby koala, paving the way for Tony to fall head over heels for a man he'd always believed he despised.
Technically, he’s not supposed to need the sling anymore, and Sharon warned him about continuing to wear it since his range of motion still sucks.  But at least when he wore it before it served as a visual reminder to the people on the subway to stay away from him, which Steve appreciated since anytime anyone got even remotely close to touching his shoulder, it hurt like a son-of-a-bitch.
“Okay, so?  It was still a publicity stunt!  Just a little kid’s fantasy that happens to be a fairly decent tax shelter!” barked Obie.  “But for some reason that I cannot understand, you’ve turned it into something that’s trying to take over our real reason for existence!”
"Pretty sure it was Pete who discovered that little tidbit in the HYDRA files, honey, along with all the other stuff he wasn't supposed to be reading," Tony murmured, stifling a yawn. "Makes sense though. I bet all the rumours floating around about the super cool Wakandan tech just about drove Howard bonkers. You know he always wanted to have his fingers in every single pie he could find, and I know it always bugged the hell out of him that he could never get his hands on more of their magical metal."
Steve thought for a moment. Ideally they would be able to find this Raxton fellow before he had a chance to get programmed or transformed or whatever it was that had caused the other two attempted assassins to disintegrate, but without a photo or other clear evidence of where he was, he couldn't see how that would be possible.
"Hey, kiddo," she said once Peter poked his head inside, trying not to wrinkle his nose at the almost overwhelming scent of citrus that filled the room from the scented vaporising thingy over in the far corner. Peter usually loved oranges and tangerines and would often eat half a bag of them at a time if given the chance, but for some reason whatever Pepper was pumping into the air in there didn't smell quite right. Too perfume-y.
"Strange, are you even listening to me?" Dad continued, pressing even harder on Peter's scalp when he flinched. "You know Thanos is heading to Earth, he's probably already there! And Steve and the rest of the team need our help!"
And he didn't. Because no sooner had he climbed inside, the ship hit the edge of Earth's atmosphere. He had reached the point of no return.
"O-okay," Steve finally said, forcing the words past his dry, scratchy throat. He allowed James to hoist him to his feet, stumbling a bit on his wobbly legs as he attempted to look around, to take inventory of who was still there, and who they had—
And then, as Alt-Steve, Tony, their entire team, and Steve all watched, their boy, their sweet, beloved Peter Stark-Rogers, swung out of the portal in a grand flip, landing on the ground with the grace of a master ballerino. As soon as he stood up his mask retracted, his beautiful brown eyes wide with awe as he took in the scene in front of him.
Steve let out a slight smile. "All of the above?" he replied, his jaw twitching as a thought suddenly occurred to him. He reached for Tony's waist, relieved when Tony didn't flinch or otherwise pull away as he pressed their foreheads together. "Did you know?"
Peter's belly gave a hard swoop, and he squeezed his eyes closed, trying to take the deep, even breaths that Uncle Sam had taught him. It had been a few weeks since he'd been forced to recall
And Tony, as far as Steve knows, hasn’t slept a single wink.  Steve thinks he might’ve heard him muttering to himself during one of his more semi-coherent periods, but he can’t trust himself to be sure.
Slowly, Steve turned his head, his swollen and split lower lip trembling as his battered but still-gorgeous blue eyes attempted to focus in on Tony's face.
“Thank you, little guy,” Papa whispered as he kissed the top of Peter’s head.  “I couldn't have done this without you.”
not knowing exactly what was done to Peter during his captivity, but all Peter could clearly remember was the shocking reveal of the video, the sharp ice bolt that raced down his spine a couple seconds before Obie and the Winter Soldiers broke into their apartment and immobilised them, and the sound of Obie's slimy voice as he loomed over Papa, taunting him before they were all knocked out and taken away. But after that, aside from a few memories of Uncle Bucky's voice echoing around in his head and a whole truckload of pain, things were mostly just one big blur.
“Uh huh,” Peter said sadly.  Pushing himself up to his feet, Peter launched himself at Steve, hugging him tightly around his waist.  “Have a good night, Steve.  Thanks for coming.”
Sniffing, Tony began a series of test programs to ensure that no pesky bugs had managed to hitch a ride into the main matrix. Finding none, he then proceeded to create a virtual storage compartment inside his hard drive, not wanting to run the risk of JARVIS being discovered and potentially confiscated before Tony could complete the rest of the project's parameters.
Not too surprisingly, after a long day at school, a swimming tryout, and eating enough pizza and breadsticks for three people, Peter only makes it about fifteen minutes into his history questions before he starts nodding off.  After making him promise to finish his homework in the morning, Tony waves him towards the bathroom to brush his teeth and get ready for bed.
"Ah… I believe you humans would call them, gems?" said Thor. "Special stones that carry influence over those who would wield them?"
And he was far too young to be so worried about his fathers. Fathers were supposed to worry about their children, not the other way around.
"All right," Steve said, patting Tony's side as he pulled out his fingers, cupping his face to bring their lips together in a wet, sloppy kiss.
In fact, as Tony stole a quick glance up at him, he was quite certain that he'd never seen a more exquisite sight than Steve's beautiful face twisted in pleasure.
"Okay, but why would there be an alternative budget proposal without having an actual budget proposal first?" Peter mumbled as he opened the file, scanning through hundreds of pages of boring numbers and charts and graphs, until the word 'Superhero' suddenly caught his eye about three-fourths of the way through.
"Please, just let me go into the nothing!" Peter cried. "The nothing means no pain, no dreams! Please, I'm just so tired!"
“Tony, be careful as you approach the building,” Steve says as Tony flies on ahead of him.  He grunts as he jumps over a frozen ravine, taking out three more agents with his shield and wincing as Tony starts dodging laser cannon blasts, shooting almost continuously from the top of the building.
As they damn well should be, for all of the hundreds of levels of hell they had endured in order to get there.
And if they truly were heroes, like they liked to think they were, then he supposed they owed it to the world to try.
"Well, good. I'll make sure to have plenty of snacks," said Uncle Sam. He clapped Papa on the shoulder, nodding at Dad. "See you guys later."
"Okay, Widow, Thor, Hawkeye, all on my mark," Tony said as he turned to face the water monster, who was still in the centre of the lake, roaring and swinging at trees and at Sam as he swooped overhead. "Three… two… one… mark!"
Scott's jaw slammed against the driveway. "Uhh, you mean—you mean join the Avengers? Are you kidding?"
"Well, Captain, that's actually a very good question," Tony stammered, scratching at the back of his neck as he glanced back at Phillips, who gave him an almost imperceptible shake of his head.
"Station chiefs in both Savannah and Atlanta are on alert, and I've also brought the deputy chief of D.C.'s largest precinct up-to-speed on what's going on, minus a few relevant details, of course," he hastily added when Tony shot him a sharp look. The fact that George Stacy now knew without a doubt that Peter was Spider-Man was making him sick to his stomach, but he was just going to have to get over it. There was no turning back now.
"Only if they have time to do a background check on Liz's parents first," Peter grumbled, rolling his eyes. "And even then—wait a second." He paused, wracking his brain. He knew there was something… "I'm pretty sure that Liz's dad works as one of the salvage contractors for the Department of Damage Control, and if that's the case then it would mean Dad already did a background check on him. So—"
The thought bounces around Steve’s mind like an out of control ping pong ball as he turns his face back into the water.  As soon as he’s set, he locks his fingers into their slightly curved position and lowers his head, trying to minimise the drag of the water as much as he possibly can.
The waver was back in Tony's voice again, and Steve kicked himself for asking something that obviously hit a bit too close to home. From what Steve had been able to gather through his extensive research and from Colonel Phillips's carefully constructed non-answers, Tony had been essentially drafted by the Air Corps before he was sent to university with the express expectation that he would do whatever the government leaders asked of him.
"Okay, so, should we maybe just move the rest of the stones there?" asked James. "How many are here again?"
He also knew that Tony was refusing to speculate out loud because he was afraid of how Steve would react.
Of course, when Tony proceeded to shout all of that into Howard’s face the day Howard kicked them out of his house, Howard emphatically denied it, saying that if Tony had just been more willing to let go of some of his ego and give Obadiah the respect he deserved that Howard wouldn’t have been forced to take such a drastic step.
"I always wished that Dad would find someone who loved him for him," Peter murmured into Papa's chest. "I knew it would be hard because he's a Stark and all of that nonsense, but I also knew that it would be even harder because of me. Most people don't want someone else's kid tagging along into a relationship, and especially a kid who was as busted up as I was."
"Peter, now's not the time for that," Gamora warned as he glanced down at Thanos' immobilised right hand. "Let's not do anything—"
"Tony? Peter? Are you in there?" he heard a voice say as the ship's hatch began to lower, one so frantic and yet hopeful at the same time that Tony couldn't help but cry out.
A light pink flush crept up Steve's neck to his cheeks. "Well… I just thought about all the things that I never got to do with my own papa, and…" His flush grew even deeper, his sheepish,
"No, no, I know you didn't," Bucky cut in. "It was that Stark guy this morning, right? You weren't expecting to see him?"
"No. I'll never be too good for you," Steve said as he repositioned Tony yet again, this time cradling him against his forearms as Tony held onto his shoulders. Then he pressed their foreheads together as he fucked Tony even deeper, their intermingling breaths only sharp puffs of air.
It was a statement instead of a question, which only served to reinforce how well Tony could read Steve. He supposed he shouldn't've been surprised that his nightmares had flared up again now that he was home, but that didn't mean he wasn't trying to ignore them.
"Oh, yeah," Peter said as he flipped through the pages, showing Dad the new code. "It's… well… it's just another three layers of encryption for JARVIS."
"C'mon, Steve," Tony muttered as he turned on his heel, knocking one of his hovering holograms aside as he retraced his steps. He'd had JARVIS run another diagnostic on his new nanite suit design after he hung up with Fury, and based on how well it had performed, he was planning on getting started on his actual suit as soon as he got off the phone with Steve.
"I'm ready, honey," Tony insisted as Steve added a third finger, delighting in the shiver that raced down Tony's spine as he curled his fingers just right. "Fuck, Steve, I mean it!"
"Nowhere," Peter said as he gave his head a hard shake. It didn't do to dwell on things he couldn't change, right? Wasn't that what Papa was always telling him?
Chomping down hard on his bottom lip, Tony turned back to the screen.  “Okay, J, how ‘bout we just go on the assumption that the entire STRIKE team is HYDRA, yeah?  Unless you’ve got any evidence that might say otherwise?”
Steve blushed at the compliment, giving Tony that "aw shucks" smile of his that he always gave whenever Tony praised his artistic ability.
As soon as the last message was done Tony slumped into his chair, groaning as he poked at the ON button on the ancient computer workstation that took up over half of his desk space. He had only received it about a couple of weeks ago, after having put in the request for it—
What he wouldn’t give for a good deep-tissue massage right about now.  Maybe he could spring for one once he was done building the Jericho model.
"January 10-11th, 1957," Peter read aloud from his textbook. "Sixty black pastors and civil rights leaders met in Atlanta, Georgia to organise nonviolent protests against racial segregation and discrimination."
"Why not?" asked Mr Stacy. "If these Avengers are living in my precinct, then I think these are questions that I deserve to have answered."
And they broke Peter and Dad’s hearts every single time, which was why as soon as Dad got the idea for the BARF glasses, he worked almost non-stop until he’d developed the prototype, sometimes forcing Papa to literally drag him to bed so he could sleep for a couple of hours.
it about Ireland and flat tires, anyway? With no spare tire available and the auto club saying it would be a three-hour wait, Steve had suggested that they hike a bit along the country road they'd been driving on, which ended up leading them to an absolutely beautiful waterfall that Steve identified as the famous Maghera Falls, a place his ma had told him about as a child. Peter of course had been completely fascinated by it, and insisted on not only exploring the falls and the surrounding beach area but also the nearby caves. Steve and Peter ended up taking so many pictures that they both maxed out the memory on their phones, something Tony hadn't thought was possible.
He cut off with a loud groan as Tony took Steve's cock into his mouth, wrapping his slick fingers around the base as he took him as far as he could. Steve was big, and not even Tony could deep-throat him for long, but by the way Steve was gasping and shuddering above him, he didn't seem to care.
“I promise, buddy,” answered Tony, for probably the umpteenth time.  “As soon as you get inside those doors.”
Instead, it seemed to be aiming downwards, directly at Earth. And, more specifically, right at the Compound.
Steve drummed his fingers on his knee as the the voting continued. Nay. Nay, that was nineteen total. Yea. Yea. Yea, now they were ahead again. His belly swooped as two more senators voted Yea, making it five in a row.
"Oh, I'd say I'm about the same," said Steve. "I've been eyeballing each of the satellites as I go by, and they all seem to be working okay."
"Then you of all people should know what this tells us," Steve huffed. He tried to yank his hand away but Tony held on tight, grateful for the added strength from his armour.
Pressing his lips to the back of Peter's hand, Steve sucked in a shaky breath, swiping the tears from his cheeks as he glanced up at the wall clock. It was already 0730, which meant that Tony would likely be waking up soon. Dr Cho had given him something to help him sleep around three in the morning, after she had assured him that Peter was stabilised, but Steve highly doubted that Tony would be able to last the entire eight hours the sleep aid was supposed to give him. He had first tried to refuse it, only relenting after Steve literally begged him to take it, promising he would wake him if anything else happened. The last thing that Steve needed at the moment was more of Tony's second-guessing and self-hatred, neither of which helped with anything besides making Steve even more anxious and upset.
"Are you too tired?" Steve asked as his hands slipped around Tony's waist, drawing him flush against him. Heat bloomed across Tony's chest at the underlying desperation in Steve's voice, and it was all he could do to quickly shake his head before Steve claimed his lips, kissing him like he hadn't kissed him in months.
"He has noticed, though," said Natasha. "Tony may not have the ability to show it right now, but you can't tell me that he hasn't noticed. You didn't see him when you were missing, Steve. He was… well… he was a lot like he is now, at least at first. If it hadn't been for Peter, then—"
"But you're good, One?" Tony asked, quickly checking his data pad as Barnes took off from the runway. "JARVIS says that everything's okay, but—"
Peter's eyebrows knitted together as he stared at Gwen, so long that one of the lunch ladies had to wave a milk carton in front of his face to get his attention. "Um… no, I'm pretty sure that my spleen is fine, Gwen, there's no need to worry about it. And I'm not in pain, I'm just… thinking."
Tony watched in awe as the hologram began to shrink, the nanites absorbing into the holographic container like they had been vacuumed up until the container was the only thing remaining. Then he stepped forward, aligning the container against his mid-chest, directly over his scars from the arc reactor.
Phillips's head snapped up, his lined face etched in anger. "You forget that I was not always as high up in this system as I am now, Tony," he said. "I spent so many years having to bite my goddamn tongue that I can still feel the teeth marks on it, so don't you dare try and tell me that I should've done more! If I'd've gotten caught by the wrong superiors before I'd had a chance to get where I am, then none of what's currently going on would be happening!"
“Oh God!” Tony said on a gasp.  There was no way he could tell Peter that Steve had been kidnapped.  Peter had been so worried for Tony while he was being held prisoner in Afghanistan that he’d lost almost fifteen pounds, and was barely more than skin and bones by the time he and Tony were reunited at Bagram Air Force base.
Those were the simpler times, back when they were just training for the next possible alien invasion and trying to figure out what the hell was wrong with Peter.
"Yeah, he did," Steve muttered. The worry wrinkle between his perfect dark blond eyebrows was on full display as he glowered at the screen, an abandoned dog-eared novel sitting on his lap. Apparently the Jackson Murphy dude didn't have much of anything to add to the already low-on-details event.
As antsy as Tony was to get started, by the time General Okoye came to escort them to the banquet, he had managed to settle down a bit. Changing out of his travelling clothes and getting to relax some while Steve insisted on waiting on him did him more good than he cared to admit. Repairing Thor's busted-up ship out in New Asgard for over a week had been more exhausting than he'd tried to let on, but of course, Steve had been able to see right through him, as he always did.
"Honey!" Tony cried, repulsing away yet another target that had crept up behind Steve. Steve whipped around as the target flew backwards, crashing into the far wall. "Steve, think! Use your suit!"
Steve shifted on his feet, his arms tightly clasped across his front in what Peter had always called his 'concerned Papa pose'. He had no doubt that Scott was telling the truth, and that he truly believed that what he was proposing was actually possible.
“I’m ready, Tony,” Papa said firmly.  His fingers curled around the arms of the chair as he settled his head back against the headrest.  “Let’s get started.”
“Hey, Lorraine?” Steve calls as he wheels his chair over to his dividing wall, poking his head around it.  “Did you make this four o’clock appointment for me?”
Fear seized Steve so strongly that he felt as if he were drowning again, that all of his blood was being replaced by frigid water and his lungs were transforming into massive blocks of ice. Tears stung his eyes, burning hot against his freezing cold flesh as he struggled to breathe in.
"I think the correct term for Cole would be psychopath, honey. No conscience means that you can do whatever the hell you want and not worry about the consequences."
"Well, that seems to be the million-dollar question, doesn't it?" Tony retorted, frowning. "But that still doesn't give you permission to insult him."
The slightest hint of a smile stretched across Thanos' wrinkled lips. "You're not the only one cursed with knowledge."
"Well, I'm not shocked that they didn't advertise the fact that Howard Stark had a hand in making the stuff," Tony said.
"Now, Steven, you do at least know that it's polite to stand up when a lady enters the room, right?" said Hammer. He stepped forward, slamming against the window with his palm and sending more shockwaves of pain down Steve's spine. "So on your feet,
Tony increased the speed as he eased out of the first turn in their oval-shaped course, laughing as Peter ducked under Steve's rope and crossed over to his side. He was so enthralled with watching his boys that he didn't notice right away that the air temperature had suddenly dropped about ten degrees until they were rounding the second turn, heading back towards the dock where Peter was supposed to drop his ski.
"Okay, so, what's your plan then, Hammer?" Tony asked. "You just gonna send out your souped-up suit army here to terrorise everyone who doesn't agree with you? Keep the masses in line, so to speak?"
"I know what you're talking about," Peter cut in. "Papa told me he could've been arrested and court-martialed if his superiors had found out."
"Potentially," he said quietly. "And that information is not to leave this room, do you understand me?"
And what in the hell happened during the four years between those two races that caused Steve Rogers, arguably the most beautiful man Tony has ever seen, to transform from a happy-go-lucky elite swimmer into the sad and jaded man that he and Peter met earlier that day?
And while Steve sometimes envied Tony's ability to compartmentalise everything so well, as soon as he remembered exactly
Tony realised he should’ve known that the so-called “honeymoon period” he’d been in with Steve couldn't last forever.  That was just common sense, even to someone with his track record for relationships.  But there was no way in hell he would’ve ever predicted things would come crashing down as epically as they did.
"Come here," he murmured, wrapping his arms around his husband and practically crushing him to his chest. "I'm so sorry, mo grá. I didn't—I haven't been thinking, and I'm—"
Steve planted a soft kiss on Peter's forehead, then pulled his blankets up over his shoulder, tucking them securely around his neck. He and Tony kept Peter's bedroom warmer than the rest of their apartment to help Peter maintain his body temp, but he still enjoyed being practically buried in his blankets while he slept.
The awkward silence was broken by DUM-E, whirring over to start sweeping up the dust strewn across the floor.
Sam would call that avoidance, and Tony supposed that Sam would be correct, but hell, sometimes it was just a hell of a lot easier to not think about everything that sucked in your life and try to have some fun anyway.
"Yes," he murmured as he brought his arms up to bracket Tony's head, pressing their hips together as he leaned in. "Yes, I am. Táim chun grá a thabhairt duit go deo."
"No, Captain," answered JARVIS. "Master Peter's parachute deployed, but it was then released only two point four-five seconds later. It is my understanding that he went aboard the ship as it exited Earth's atmosphere."
Sliding onto the corner of his desk, Tony huffed out a sharp breath and picked up the phone, punching the button for line three like it had personally offended him.
"Well, that's good I guess, 'cause you look like you're about ready to drop." She reached out to squeeze Peter's arm. "Whatever it is, I hope it's not as bad as you're thinking."
"But Uncle Thor told us that some of his people left the Reality Stone on Knowhere," said Peter. "So if he went there, then maybe—"
, he thought as Dad and Papa tucked him into bed, taking turns kissing his forehead. Even Papa seemed to be having one of his better days, which probably meant that he and Dad were making a beeline for their bedroom in three… two… one…
"We are approaching the mark for initial satellite deployment in ten seconds, Captain," JARVIS said.
And yet, simply because their last name happened to be Stark instead of O'Brien, Phillips, or just about any other goddamn name on the planet, Peter was automatically vilified by the government without even a backward glance while Tony was relegated to playing puppet to their ever-changing whims, despite the fact that Tony's intelligence quotient was the highest ever recorded in Langaran history.
A company known for making weapons had to keep churning out weapons, or else it was just another company.  And that was completely unacceptable.
Trust Natasha to remember stuff like dances and corsages when she, Clint, and Bucky had just gotten back from yet another raid, this time to several small islands off the Alaskan mainland.
Peering through the telescope again, Gwen began taking notes, exclaiming a moment later, "Peter! I think I've found it! Oh, it's amazing!" She paused for a moment, tilting her head. "And there's something else up there too. Something that seems to be… moving."
"Um… he likes to joke when he's nervous, Doctor," Peter said. "It helps if you don't take it personally."
"I mean exactly that, Mr Stark," replied Stacy. "I'm standing right in front of his cell right now, but there's no door or any other exit that I can find and Captain Rogers can't locate one on the inside either. There's just this massive window, but it's not made out of any kind of glass that I've ever seen before."
"Yeah, it makes perfect sense," said Sam. "And you wouldn't be you if you did. But as much as we might hate it, there's just nothing we can do about it at the moment."
"Well, that's very generous of you, Mr Stark," added Stacy. "I know we're all looking forward to it, and Gwen especially."
About a hundred different emotions all crossed Peter's face at once, and he scowled, shaking his head.
“You just don't get it, do you,” Tony cut in.  He reached for Steve’s hand again, making a point of intertwining their fingers.  “Post-traumatic stress disorder.  PTSD.  A condition from which, according to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, up to twenty percent of all combat veterans suffer from at some point during their lifetimes.  Now, I know how much you love your numbers, Obie, so let me put it to you this way.  Twenty percent is one person out of every five.  And since right now in this room there are six of us, and two of these men have been diagnosed as suffering from PTSD, then our percentage is even higher.”
I can't wait to see what you think! Please don't forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment!  💖
Hammer blinked, giving a slight cough as he fiddled with the fancy silk tie around his neck. The man had always had a flair for the dramatic.
But Steve had no sooner attempted to stand to his feet when the noise suddenly spiked in volume, overwhelming his already frazzled senses.  He immediately dropped back to the ground, curling into a tight ball with his shield held over his head, as if it could somehow block everything out.
"Never!" Steve screamed as he launched his shield at Thanos with every ounce of his strength, crying out in shock as the alien deflected it away as if it were nothing more than a frisbee.
Exiting Peter's room, Steve headed two doors down to where he had tucked Tony in, finding him in the same position he'd left him. Carefully, he crawled onto the bed, sliding his arms around Tony as he pressed gentle kisses along his temple and cheek.
He also wants to ask if the hundred dollars a week is gonna be okay too, but figures if Dad doesn’t seem phased by it, then he shouldn’t either.
"JARVIS, I need—I need you to keep track of this list of names, let me know if you come across anyone that we know." he finally said.
"Yeah, it was probably either left over from Zola or someone who was working with him," replied Tony. "And we never really did break into Zola's algorithm for Project Insight, we only got the info on the Winter Soldier through a tiny back door, so…"
"Yes, I believe it works, Stark," Thor said after a moment or two, blinking rapidly. "And I thank you."
"Yeah. But gods, Pete, almost seventy years of ruffled feathers is gonna take a pretty long time to soothe, and—" He broke off, unable to finish his sentence.
"As much as I hate to say it, we really need to meet with the prince as soon as possible. I can get Tony and Bruce to take a look at whatever you guys manage to find on the biological, but this information that Thor has needs to take precedence at the moment."
