The car ride home is not particularly comfortable, but after a good night’s sleep and his morning shower (nine and a half minutes exactly), it’s more bearable than it might have been. Still, Castiel is fidgeting by the time they get close, and Dean has told him to stop kicking his seat three times, though he’s much less harsh than he’d been on the drive out. When they get out of the car, Sam hightails it for the library, but Dean stops Castiel with a hand as they walk through the corridors to the bedrooms.
He wasn’t even sure why Cas was acting so hurt. He had to be as pissed at this whole thing as Dean was, maybe more. At least Dean got increased strength and speed. What did Cas get out of it? A babysitting job, a bond with a useless human, and even more problems to worry about. It wasn’t exactly even-steven.
Cas still looks annoyed. “I’m not a
So why does everything at the bunker suddenly irritate him? Dean and Sam are far from perfect, and they’ve always done things that annoy Castiel, but now it’s every little thing. Every open-mouthed smacking of food, every ‘well, actually’ from Sam, every loud guffaw, just
have been a joke …”
“Awwww.” Charlie put her hands to her heart. “That’s sooo cute.”
“Would our relationship be easier if–”
“Oh, fuck me,” he muttered, rubbing a hand over his face.
Also also. Remember this is around S8, so Chuck is still just a prophet.
“No!” Seemingly surprised by his own intensity, Cas paused, then tried again. “I don’t fit in Heaven anymore. I’m not sure I ever did. I played the obedient son and soldier, but something always felt like it was missing. It wasn’t until I came to Earth that I began to understand. We angels were made to love and revere humanity, and somewhere in Heaven’s single-mindedness to defeat Hell, we forgot that. I love humanity and Earth, and I think I belong here now. I probably always did.”
“Well, there doesn’t seem to be any connection between the missing people,” Sam explains. “Different ages, genders, races, economic statuses. They’re all in the metro area, but different neighborhoods. The only thing they seem to have in common is that they were all taken in their sleep. All but one live with other people, and no one sleeping in the same home heard or seen anything strange.”
Cas pulled himself up to rest on his elbow. “I’m glad you like it, but also …” He pursed his lips (lips Dean tried
Dean laughs and bumps his shoulder. “Aww, Cas, do you need me to throw some beaded necklaces at you?” When Cas gives him a confused glance, he shakes his head. “Never mind. Plus,” he adds, more seriously and too quiet, “I think they’re great.”
?” Where the hell did Sammy get an idea like that? There is
Castiel takes them cautiously. It’s a black Rush shirt and a pair of soft, gray sleep pants. They’re Dean’s. He looks back up at Dean. “I don’t need to shower or change clothes.”
Dean laughed. “Yes, I am, thank you. But no, I mean, I feel fine. Are you fine?”
“What happened?” Sam asked again, brows furrowed.
“Aw shit. Am I gonna die again? Yeah, I’m gonna die. Fuck. Cas will
And that’s a strange thought. He does enjoy being around Dean and Sam, and he’s always very happy to see them after some time apart, but he also enjoys being alone sometimes. He likes silence, time to think and be. He’s an independent being with his own interests and needs. He is capable of operating a vehicle and enjoys drives by himself. So why does the thought of being away from Dean for only a few hours fill him with anxiety?
Sam nods at him. “Can’t sleep?”
fucker and Dean is not good at backing down from a fight, but it’s not like it was the first couple of weeks, when they sniped at each other constantly.
get better, if it’s the last thing Dean does—so he isn’t going to let himself get used to this, even as he revels in this temporary closeness between them. Cas just needs physical comfort right now, like Sammy when he had the flu as a kid, it has nothing to do with feelings he might possibly (but probably does not) harbor for Dean.
“Oh yeah, they got bigger, didn’t they? Very intimidating,” he adds with a wink. God,
“There’s one thing you’re forgetting, Dean Winchester.”
). Sam claimed he enjoyed his new work, so Dean left him to it, afraid to poke the bear again.
. And I want everyone to know that. Everyone.”
Claire pulled her gaze from the array of guns. “What?”
be easy.
So he pushes it all down again. He’s got a job to focus on, and whatever is happening with Cas too. So much for some peace and quiet, huh? Dean gets out of the shower after his heart has stopped racing and his dick is back to a more comfortable position. Once he’s dressed, he heads back into the motel room, dropping his bag on the bed on his way to table where three Gas-N-Sip cups wait.
Like what will happen when the molting ends, and he can’t use the excuse of needing physical comfort to stay in Dean’s bed anymore? The thought has been at the back of his mind for weeks, but now that it looks like there’s an end date, it comes to the fore. The long-term hadn’t been on his mind the first night he’d appeared at the foot of Dean’s bed, but it’s been something he’s come to hope for during the time since then. They don’t talk about it, but it’s still nice knowing that at the end of a long day, he has this comfort to look forward to, and he doesn’t want it to end. Ever.
“Won’t argue with you, man. But anyway. Thoughts on Claire?”
The brothers laughed.
way.”
Not even giving her a chance to reply, for fear of it being another thirty minutes of stream of consciousness, Dean ended the call, then got up to hover over Cas. He rested his forearms on Cas’s shoulders from behind and dropped his chin onto his soft brown hair.
They’re relaxed, that’s what it is. There’s a softness in their eyes and their edges, a looseness in their muscles. And then there’s the way Dean grins at Cas with massive heart eyes. Yeah, it’s a look Sam’s seen on him before, but it’s never been so open, so unguarded. It’s incredibly soppy, and Sam is definitely teasing him about it.
for a few minutes. He nods and heads to the bathroom.
the time.
“How did you hear that?” It should’ve only been a few trusted hunters who knew their actual location.
“I totally do, man. Like, so much.”
Let's wrap it up
leave without me.”
Dean settled back into his chair and took a deep breath, enjoying the feel of the link humming strong between them. Cas tilted his head a bit and smiled at him, and Dean smiled back. Yeah, for the most part, it was pretty good, and he shouldn’t complain, even to himself. He looked across the table and met Claire’s gaze.
“Be serious.”
Cas glares but keeps going. He does another three laps before Dean finally gives up and lets him back in the car. He complains for the first ten minutes of the ride, then goes silent. After a few minutes, Dean looks in the mirror to see him passed out in the back seat.
Cas turned to face him. “I’m told,” he said, steadily and sincerely, “that this is good luck.”
“Hello, Dean,” a familiar voice said. “Sam.”
Cas wrinkled his nose.
“Never mind,” he said. “It’s nothing.”
“I should get that,” Cas said calmly, and went downstairs to do just that. Dean looked at the place where he used to be, which was now the doorway to the room Whisper was temporarily occupying. She hissed at him.
This was just one more reason Heaven should have left him in Hell. Because his siren took the form of FBI agent Nick Munroe, and it had lured Sammy in with promises of a better brother, one who would always trust him. That had hit Dean hard, the knowledge that he hadn’t been a great brother to Sam recently. But that hadn’t been how the siren had gotten to Dean.
Soon, Dean’s body would join them. He didn’t have long now.
“How are they doing?” Dean asked. He hadn’t seen the kittens since they were born. It had only been a couple days, but he assumed they weren’t slimy balls of fur anymore.
Dean and Cas rang in the actual new year, in Central Time, from their back porch. Dean turned off all the lights, and this far out in the country there was so little light pollution that he felt he could see every star in the sky. It wasn’t that cold for a Kansas December night, but he stood close to Cas anyway, and when his phone started making obnoxious kazoo noises at the stroke of midnight, he leaned into his side even further.
That hurt didn’t go away. It was weird, with Cas. He would be with them, freaking Dean out by appearing two inches away from him or quizzically asking Sam to explain Dean’s joke, and then a month later he would leave them. And Dean got it, he really did. Cas wasn’t with them, not really. He was a part of the team, but that’s all. And even that was because his goals aligned with theirs more often than not. Not because they were friends.
“Nothing’s going on, Sammy. It’s just a question.”
Because Cas reached the end of his speech, and he met Dean’s eyes, tears running down his face.
Cas’s hand rubbed small circles into Dean’s back. “If it stops you dying on me, I can’t promise that.”
“I am at work,” Cas said, voice taut in a way that indicated extreme irritation. “I will be home in an hour.”
Dean made it halfway through dinner. Cas was laughing at something stupid he’d said, and he hastily swallowed his own mouthful of pasta to say “D’you wanna get married?”
. But there was something blocking the words in his throat and he could smell the pancake starting to burn behind him but there was nothing he could do, because taking his eyes off Cas in this moment would be letting him go.
Clearly, it wasn’t.
Dean kicked a small clump of grass visible through the snow. Why was talking so goddamn difficult?
Dean’s eyebrows raised. Wrong was their business.
Cas nodded. “I’m going to check on the cats.”
And this part was easy. It was like flipping a switch in his brain and suddenly Dean was all confidence. They would hire him, because he was damn good, and he knew it.
It wasn’t perfect. Dean didn’t know what he’d been expecting, really. Some kind of movie magic thing with snow gently falling around them that somehow wasn’t fucking freezing? All the movie proposals he’d seen, which was a lot, now that he thought about it, had either been at fancy restaurants or outside, and neither of those were going to happen. It was cold as shit outside, and Dean didn’t see the point in so-called ‘nice’ restaurants that were just going to overcharge them for food he could cook at home.
Dean remembered that hunt. A rugaru in Utah. They’d had a question on lore, and Bobby wasn’t answering, so Dean had decided to pray to Cas, asking for help. When he showed up and answered their questions, he’d had this puppy dog look on his face, and Dean had spontaneously asked if he wanted to join them. They’d been hunting together off and on ever since, and Dean had never been happier. Not only was it easier with an angel on hand, but it was just plain
Cas sighs, exasperated. “Yes, Dean. I still only have the same symptoms I’ve exhibited the last few days, nothing new. I’ve still got angel radio, and my connection to Heaven is strong as ever.”
Dean finally mans up
her here. I feel a connection to her, and I want to see what we can do with that.”
“Dean!”
“No! You won’t die. Well, I don’t think so, but since I can’t find any accounts of this ritual being performed between an angel and human, it’s hard to know for sure …” Sam wrinkled his brow and gave Dean that damn puppy dog face.
(extended editions, of course), the
Castiel straightens up a bit. “Thank you.” He likes it when he says something right. He doesn’t mind being different, but he doesn’t care to stick out like a sore thumb either. What an odd phrase,
“You’re not getting a second credit card line.”
“We’re three smart guys with lots of smart friends. If it’s not in a book, someone will be able to figure out the answer. And, if we don’t … it doesn’t seem to be affecting your grace or your angelhood, right? I mean, it’d suck if you’re uncomfortable for the rest of your life, but it’s better than losing your grace, isn’t it?”
“It’ll be fine, Professor Stomachache. The connection should be pretty small. You probably won’t even notice the drain, if Sammy is reading his Enochian correctly.”
“Fuck Sam.”
“‘Kay. I’m gonna get ready for bed then.”
Cas sighs, exasperated. “That doesn’t narrow it down. They’re
“No, it’s up to us, Dean.” Cas raised up enough to prop himself on his elbow.
“Cas, let’s go home.”
Dean chuckles. “Okay, sleeping beauty. I think you need some coffee. Let’s get you inside.”
Cas beamed at him. Fuck, that look would be the death of him, for sure. Of course, seeing that smile made Dean want to do more to earn that look again.
Sam nodded, face open.
“Yes, because they needed to differentiate between the series title and the first movie. Being a purist about this is more than a little ridiculous. All of the later movie posters and movie paraphernalia call it
“Hey, kiddo. I hear you ganked some rogue werewolves. Good job. Silver bullets?”
Cas pouts. “Those irritate my skin and smell strange. I like these.” He stomps over to the opposite side of the bed from where Dean is sprawled and crawls under the covers.
“Wow, I guess I didn’t realize you felt that way.”
“Gone. Maybe dead.” She shrugged. “Doesn’t matter. I haven’t seen her in years.”
“Look, Sammy has watched us huddle up together on the couch damn near every day since this happened. I’m not afraid to show it, I just really hate the word ‘cuddle.’ I’m not a fourteen-year-old.”
Just a quick epilogue left after this!
Cas grabbed his hand as he came through the door but kept silent. He always knew when Dean needed to spend some time in his own head.
“But I was hoping …” Dean’s eyes fly up, wide and bright … and … hopeful? “That it doesn’t have to end.” He clears his throat. “Dean, I’ve told you several times over the years that I need you, and that remains true—you are the reason I’ve become the person who I am today—but I’ve failed to speak the whole truth. Which is that I also want you.”
Dean had long since given up caring when Lilith’s hellhounds ripped him to shreds. He picked up girls in seedy bars when he was on a hunt, he slept with waitresses in by-the-hour motel rooms. It wasn’t quite like that first time with Cassie, but it was still pretty damn good. This sex didn’t have anything to do with a relationship, or caring. It was just a chance for Dean and whatever girl he was with to let off some steam and have a little fun.
“Definitely. We feed you to monsters we don’t know how to kill,” Dean shot back.
“What the fuck is ‘angel married?’”
For the first time since he was four years old, Dean finally felt like he had a place to call home. There’d been Bobby’s place, but they’d visited only rarely, so that wasn’t quite it. But the bunker, it was his. No, it was
“Go get your bag. I want to see what you travel with.”
“Nah. Well, maybe me and Kevin. We’ve been talking about things. Like, just because this place is mostly underground doesn’t mean the interior walls and floors need to be concrete. I’ll bet a bunch of stuffy men in suits designed this place. All utility, no comfort. Can’t believe it took them three years to build this dump.”
“What?! Claire didn’t mention that.”
“I’m cold,” he says defensively when Dean eyes the addition.
Dean crossed his arms and raised an eyebrow. Sam continued.
Dean winked at Cas, who grinned slyly back. “Maybe.”
Before he could try something else, his phone vibrated. The timer he’d set for the pie was going off. “Oh, I gotta go get the pie out of the oven. I’ll be right back.” He nudged Cas’s hand with his own before heading down the hall. “I think I saw the bookshelves in the next room, if y’all want to go look for them.”
. He’ll have to Google that sometime.
Dean scratched his neck, feeling embarrassed. “Yeah? I mean, you’re my best friend, so I obviously feel comfortable around you. And when you’re around, I feel like everything is going to be okay, no matter what.”
“Maybe we can move this inside?” Dean suggested. “I just spent five-plus minutes on the cold concrete in only a t-shirt and jeans.” He rubbed his chilled arms.
is not
Sam, by now used to the fact that Dean would never want to be as formal with the hunt reporting that Sam wanted (Men of Letters BS, was what it was), nodded and followed Dean. “Oh, Claire,” he said, turning around to address her, “Kevin found that tulpa book you were asking about. He’s in the study room.”
“You need to stretch your legs, I think,” is Dean’s only explanation. What the fuck is going on? The guy is often grumpy, but this is a whole ‘nother level. Cas is an angel. He doesn’t get uncomfortable. Or fidgety.
Castiel freezes his movements, partially in defense and partially with worry. He doesn’t
He was right. Roger didn’t ask where he served, he just nodded.
Dean, it is safe to say, freaked out.
“Then why…” Cas’s forehead scrunches up in confusion, and it’s unfairly adorable.
“She’ll come around.”
“Good thing I got here when I did,” Bobby said. Dean nodded.
“Don’t bisexual people, I dunno, know they’re bi?”
A few weeks later, Dean stood, face bloody, as Bobby killed the siren outside their motel room door.
So Dean filled his Petco cart with cat stuff, throwing anything in there that seemed important or like something Whisper might like when she had recovered enough that she could come out of the guest bedroom, and he checked out with a smile on his face.
“Yeah,” he said. “Of course.”
“Thanks, Charlie,” he said. “Night.”
Dean raised his hands in a mock-surrender. “Dinner’s in the oven,” he said instead. “Should be ready in an hour.”
“I know my way around an engine,” Dean said. He nodded to the Impala in the parking lot, shiny and looking brand-new. “She’s got four hundred thousand miles on her, not that you’d ever know it.”
Understanding flitted across Dean’s face, and Sam would really like to know what Dean understood, because he sure as hell didn’t know what was going on.
He left, of course. It was only his junior year, and he would move several more times before his C- average earned him a diploma. He’d never thought his thing with Cassie could be permanent, and she’d never suggested it. They were kids, after all. High schoolers learning how to love. And that was okay, but he found himself missing her sometimes. That was the problem with caring - once you let someone into your heart, you couldn’t just expect them to walk right back out.
Cas put a hand on Dean’s wrist. “Reading.”
“Umm. Two.”
“Well, if we could take a moment to talk about the other reason we’re all here, today,” began Jody, looking around. “I have to say this place is looking pretty spiffy, boys. Considering it was closed up for decades, what you’ve managed to do in just a few months is amazing.”
“Well, it is our snow day, so I’ll allow it.”
When he finally manages to distance himself from it all, it apparently sends him to sleep, because the next thing he knows, Dean is crouching outside the open car door, shaking Castiel’s knee and saying something. He opens his eyes to see a small, fond smile on his best friend’s face, and it makes him smile in return. If this is what he saw every time he woke, he’d be more inclined to sleep, he thinks groggily.
“You said it was very silly.”
want to check a whole bunch of human rituals off his bucket list?”
actor.
Cas said something sounding vaguely spell-like while throwing a right hook and pivoting to avoid Dean’s return volley.
“Oh, hey, there you two are.” Sam walked into the map room and nodded at them. “Did you have trouble on the drive back? I expected you hours ago.”
“This one needed to ‘swim with the shark’—which is very much a lie—stop to see the world’s largest jackalope, and ‘pay tribute’ at the prostitute monument.” Cas rolled his eyes, picked up their bags, and met Dean’s gaze. They’d decided to tell Sam first, together, but Cas wanted to give Dean time first to say a few things to him alone. “Back in five.”
Dean guffawed. “
He met Dean’s eyes in alarm, and Dean shrugged, letting his confusion trickle into their bond to show he was just as surprised as Cas was. They were so used to the bond by then that it barely took half a thought to have a subliminal conversation on Claire’s sudden appearance. Cas had no clue Claire was looking for him, and he was just as baffled as to where her mom could be. They decided to sit her down and figure out what was going on. All of this was decided in a matter of seconds, and with nary a word spoken. Cas went to find Sam.
Both of the others looked at him in confusion, but neither asked him to explain, knowing too well where that rabbit hole could go.
“Just lucky, I guess.” Dean extended his arm. Still a little clicky but mostly healed already. He’d live to see another day. “How far to her house?”
It was suddenly hard to breathe. The things Cas listed, they were the things Dean loved too. He and Sam (and their father) had been hunting together for so long, that he really didn’t question Sam staying on with him, when there was so much work to do. But a part of Dean still saw Sam eventually settling down with a family and having some sense of normalcy. And that made Dean feel alone, because he knew he was not destined for that life. He’d hunt until the day he died. And yeah, a part of him wanted the whole family thing too—he thought back fondly to Lisa and Ben—but truthfully, that life wasn’t for him. He needed the chase, the thrill of the hunt, the relief at saving another person from things that went bump in the night. But maybe, just maybe … he could have a little of both with Cas. At least a platonic version of it. But could he do that? Be with Cas while not really
the one spooning Cas? Sam’ll never let him live that down.
Charlie stayed for a week, and Claire for another after that, and after they’d both gone, the bunker felt too quiet, even though four people remained ensconced inside. After a week of too much quiet, Dean talked Cas into a hunt. Had he been thinking, he would’ve stayed at home, or at least picked a hunt closer to the bunker, but it took him twenty minutes into the drive to Montana to realize it would be just him and Cas in a car together for, like, a thousand hours. For the first part of the drive, he ignored the thought and let himself get lost in the freedom of the open road. They didn’t get out nearly as much as they used to, and he missed it. Yeah, part of him liked having a home base, with a kitchen and a memory foam mattress and the stability of routine. But part of him would always be a hunter, and the idea of being cooped up in one spot for too long made him itch.
“Perhaps my Father did not want us coming down to Earth frequently.”
too much about little humans who couldn’t manage to get anything right. And double fuck, because Dean hadn’t even thought about Cas’s feelings since this whole shitshow began. No, that wasn’t quite true. Years into their friendship, he was pretty good at reading Cas’s moods. He knew his friend was more than a little miffed—at the whole thing, at Sam and Dean, at the world—tired of fixing other people’s mistakes, overwhelmed at the lack of easy answers, and just plain upset, like he was a few steps from crying into his pillow, if he had a pillow. There was also that … thing in the back of Dean’s mind that told him that what he read on Cas’s face was true, and also that even though Cas felt all those things, he wasn’t going to leave Dean, and he wasn’t going to give up on finding an answer. Something deeper rand behind all that, but Dean was not skillful enough to figure out what. He usually buried his feelings, so he didn’t even know how to read his own, let alone anyone else’s.
“But we could get a light dusting,” Dean shot back. “Grab the coffee pot, Cas, and come on. It’s cartoon time.”
that had plagued Dean for so long. It was peaceful, both between them and in his head and heart. It reminded him a bit of how the bond had felt in the early days, when they’d been apart for a while and then would come back and touched again. That feeling that had calmed his frayed nerves, that’s what this felt like, but it had nothing to do with skin contact (though that was certainly very nice, and he could tell the bond was very happy they’d made this step too, even if it wasn’t required).
to ask. So then why was he? A courtesy? Didn’t seem likely, as human emotions were not his strong suit. Granted, this wasn’t just any old human, it was Dean, who Cas cared about, for whatever unknown reason. But in any case, he doubted courtesy was the answer. Perhaps to make Dean voice his own feelings?
Cas smiled. “Thank you, Sam. Dean explained to me how clothing reflects personality, and I have to say, I feel I understand myself a little better now. It was an enlightening shopping trip. Also, it’s very soft.” He ran his hand over his cardigan again.
“Shut up, Sam,” both Dean and Cas say, glaring at him.
, or maybe
“No. I mean, no adult clothes. Keep those jammies on, sport. It’s like a snow day without the snow.”
Sam walks into the kitchen the morning after he’d had to watch Dean and Cas make worried, longing eyes at each other, and he just
“Be safe, Dean,” Cas said.
She shrugged, almost managing to pull off remorseful. “You couldn’t wait just two more weeks? I could’ve won big!”
Dean mentally shook himself from his stupor to concentrate on the conversation. “Um, nothing too concrete. Thought you could help with that. And Sam too. We should all meet up tomorrow to discuss. My thoughts so far are getting Claire and Kevin trained up with the basics of various weaponry—Charlie can take archery, and I’m sure she’ll bring her LARP sword, so probably a bit of that, for fun—you can take hand-to-hand combat, Sam’ll do knives, and I’ll do guns. Then all of you can get together and do smart person stuff in the library and archives, while I keep everyone fed, I reckon.”
yet. Who wants love professed to them over a midday sandwich? (Well, Dean probably would, but it doesn’t feel right to Castiel, so he waits.)
Dean shrugged. “Because he is. I’d know if he …. Oh.” His eyes went wide. How
Dean looks at him, flabbergasted.
Dean shrugs in defeat. “Yeah, I guess.”
talking about this later.”
Dean looks over at Sam, who gives a small shrug. He’s rifling through papers for their latest case.
“I do,” Castiel whispers.
“Oh, um, maybe? But don’t paint the bricks. Just the gray stuff.”
“Hand ‘em over, you fucker.”
Castiel has to admit that a shower and a change of clothes sound appealing, whether he actually needs them or not. He remembers liking long, hot showers when he’d lost his grace before. The sound of the water and the steamy heat muffled the rest of the world and let him just
Cas smiled. “Apple pie life.”
“And the others?”
“And no signs left behind like blood or sulfur or anything, I guess?” Dean asks.
“Of course, Dean. You can always ask me anything.”
Dean sweeps a hand toward the path in front of the angel. “Then keep walkin’.”
“Well, for one, your love of Freddie Mercury was
They sat in comfortable silence for a time, Claire sending a few texts but not moving from her spot, so Dean stayed too.
Cas put a finger to Dean’s lips to stop the flow (the river of worries that Dean didn’t even know he’d been feeling), and Dean felt a calm settle in him. He took a deep breath, and when it seemed that he wouldn’t continue worry-word-vomiting, Cas pulled his hand away. For some dumb reason, Dean wanted to follow it, to feel that small connection to his friend again, but he pushed the needy thought away. He raised his eyebrow in a wordless question of
All this was to say, if Dean knew all of this about Cas, then Cas must be able to read exactly how Dean was feeling in return, which meant he didn’t
Hope and happiness spin in Castiel’s stomach. “You want me to stay?”
, and that the way a person looks does not always determine falling in love … but if life would be better if–”
“Hey, it was so good the first time, it made it to number one on the billboard charts.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s me,” she confirmed. “Dean,” she added, nodding at him, her nonchalant mask in place again.
I experience it has changed. Whereas before, I would make note of the sensation and move on—like how you would note the color of Dean’s shirt—now I’m not so distanced from the sensation. My way of interacting with the world is changing, I believe.” He looked mildly thoughtful about it, but not concerned, while Dean quietly freaked out, not happy with how this bond was exchanging what it gave each of them. An angel feeling heat and expressing discomfort wasn’t a good thing.
The fucker snatching people ends up being a minor protection deity who settles in a place and helps it out until something goes FUBAR and he gets mad. Then he takes a whole bunch of people and moves on to the next town. Apparently, he needs the connection from a current group of people before he can form a new one in a new town, hence the kidnapping before he moves on. He zaps them with some hypno-whatever, and they become his adoring public in his new home. Pretty fucked up, if you ask Dean, but he won’t be a problem anymore. They take him out with a stake formed from a tree of his homeland (aka, Kansas City) and are back at the motel by midnight, covered in god goo (ew).
“Okay, we’ll come back to that, then. What else do you want? Do you want to own a house? Set up a bookstore? Walk dogs?”
“And you?”
“Do you need toothpaste, Dean?” Cas asked.
?” Sam asked.
“Then why are you here?”
“Better?” Dean managed a smirk with the question.
, he thought bitterly.
room. She came and went as she pleased, and yeah, he considered her family now, and always welcomed her in the bunker, but he didn’t know she felt the same. He always thought she considered them a waystation. A practical (and free) place to sleep and eat between jobs.
“So, what. We gotta hold hands for a few weeks?” He had a thought and immediately panicked. He almost didn’t ask, but ignorance would not last long no matter how far he ran from it, so he manned up and asked. “Uh, we don’t have to have, like, angel sex, do we?” Funny that, even though his usual no homo reaction would be to retreat, this time he felt the need to cling on, so he put his hand back down, this time on top of Cas’s, which had fallen to his chair arm when Dean initially pulled back.
“–normal,” Cas finished with a smirk.
They sit in silence for a few hours. When they take a break at the end of the afternoon, Castiel goes to his room for a book on angels he left there last week. When he enters his room, the sight waiting for him stops him in his tracks. Neatly folded in a pile on the bed is the Rush shirt and flannel pajama bottoms he’d boggarted from Dean a few days ago. Next to it is a pile of six or eight brown and rainbow feathers. He sits down on the bed and runs his hand over the shirt.
“Hey, I bought you your own pajamas, man. Those are mine,” Dean accuses, pointing at the offending clothes.
“Anywhere in particular?”
“You doin’ okay there, buddy?” Dean asks quietly, staring at him with concern.
“Yeah, well. One, I think you wear a size smaller than me, so we should get you something that fits a little better, and two, don’t you want something that’s a little more … you?”
Cas nodded. “I suppose it is.” His hand twitched but stayed at his side.
Cas laughed. “Alright.”
“Does she hate me?”
Cas’s shoulders slumped in relief. “Thank you. Yes.” With a wave of his hand and a tingle in Dean’s brain, the big desk disappeared and was replaced by the smaller one that had been in the bedroom.
“Hmmm, human language is strange.”
“Oh?” Dean glances at Sam, who shrugs. Then he frowns, realizing something. “Then how come we don’t see a whole pile of feathers when an angel dies? They’d lose their grace once the angel is dead, right?”
“I can’t.”
Dean rubbed a hand over his face, probably smearing dust all over but not caring. “Awww, I dunno. I mean, it could be worse? At least it’s my best friend and not someone I hate. It’s luckily not literally any other angel. But still …” he sighed. “I like the guy, right? He’s pretty cool for an angel, and he’s wicked funny when he’s not trying, but still, being stuck constantly within a 15-foot radius of anyone is not going to go over well with me, no matter how much I like ‘em. I need my space. But with this stupid bond, I can’t go more than 20 minutes without needing to get my Castiel fix, like I’m a damn addict. It’s fucking ridiculous.”
Dean huffed a bitter laugh. “One, we need to find and burn every copy of those damn books. And two, definitely some, as you call it, gay panic, but it’s not only that.”
While he was searching a dusty set of shelves a few minutes later, his phone vibrated. When he saw it was a call from Bobby, he answered.
He found her futzing with the ancient, ginormous computer, and luckily, she was alone.
with Cas the way he wanted to? For
“Fine, fine. But that’s not why I’m calling. I’d like you to come to the bunker and give archery lessons to a couple of newbies. And maybe go over some basic internet and hacking tips.”
“Okay, we’ll think about it tomorrow. You just get some sleep, okay?”
Dean sighed, trying to gather himself. Knowing the nerd twins, he figured he had eight minutes at most before Cas and Sam showed up. He’d need to keep this brief. He turned to get the loaf of bread for slicing, when he saw Claire and Kevin standing stock still, watching him with avid interest.
“Wanna watch
“For forever?!?” Sam’s eyes were wide, his mouth open in shock.
Dean shrugged and held his fork out to Cas, who just looked at it curiously. “Think you should try food now that you can taste it.” He wiggled the fork a little. “Just try a bite.”
Smart girl. She was learning their weaknesses already and using them to flatter them, and to probably get whatever she was after. Despite knowing this, Dean lived to make those around him happy, so he went with it.
Bobby hummed. He was rarely one for long speeches, but he was great for venting to when things were getting tense. And now that Dean got going, he wanted to say it all. He might not be comfortable with spilling all of his feelings for his best friend to Bobby, but he could get at least a few off his chest.
“You okay?” he asked softly after a few minutes, when she’d come back to herself.
Claire sighed and slumped back. “I was really fucking mad at you for years, you know. Taking my dad from me, causing my mom to leave me.” She laughed bitterly. “I’d even convinced myself that Grammy’s death was your fault somehow. And it didn’t hurt that you were a complete dick the first time I met you.”
She agreed.
“Well?”
“Find anything?” He yawned, reluctantly let go of Cas’s hand, and stretched. When he finished, his right hand landed very close to where Cas’s left lay on the bed between them, though he didn’t grab it again—no need to get greedy.
He choked on air, then pointed a finger at her. “No. One, you’re thirteen, you can’t make sex jokes. Two, that’s not- we’re not- it’s not like that for us.”
“Everything okay?” Cas asked softly.
“Shut up, Sam,” they said together, and then went back to watching the documentary.
“You got the motel location, at least,” comforted Garth.
“Cas!” he yelled, bursting through the front door.
“No.” She shook her head, avoiding his eyes. “Mostly a knife, I guess.”
Even if a part of him longed for it.
Cas in Dean’s clothes. Am I right or am I right?
“My wings aren’t infernal, they’re celestial,” Castiel protests, but it’s half-hearted. He has bigger worries.
“You bet your ass I am. And now, I’m going to go be the greatest chef who ever lived and start on dinner.” He stood and stretched.
was questioning his own abilities. Dean was hoping for the first one. This ritual was their last resort, given that Cas was busy on his own hunt and couldn’t help until tomorrow, when the swamp-residing yeti-cabra would already have gone to ground for the next two hundred and forty years.
Castiel fumbles, unsure whether to continue. “I- your help has been invaluable. I truly don’t think I would have made it through this without you. You- your lov- uh, thoughtful care is very much appreciated.”
“Yeah, just trying to remember where some empty bookshelves are. Thought Cas could use one in our room to put his personal books on and class up the joint.” There, that would help, right? He was calling it their room and showing that he wanted Cas to be comfortable there. He looked over at his angel to find that he was frowning. Maybe not as good a save as Dean expected then …
Sam’s expression is disgusted, but when he glances over at Castiel again, he softens. “Yeah, man. Now that the case is over, we can go full bore on angel research. I called a few people who might have some other texts the bunker doesn’t have. They’ll let me know what they find, but in the meantime, we’ll divide and conquer the library and archives, and hopefully turn something up.
Cas’s hum seems to indicate yes, so Dean holds the contact.
Whoa, words were actually said, folks. Are you as surprised as I am? Probably not, if you’re reading a fic you know has a happy ending. But whatever, it’s still fun getting there, isn’t it?
“So, what does this mean? Just that I’m the guinea pig who may or may not be fine? Wait and see?”
“Busy?” he asked, watching from the door as she wandered the room, brushing hands over book spines.
He was always so patient with them, the dumb humans he’d decided to adopt. Dean still didn’t know why. Sure, he’d rebuilt Dean from almost scratch, fought on their side during all that apocalypse business, and all sorts of other wild shit. But really, what did he get out of the whole relationship? It seemed he spent all of his time bailing the Winchesters out of one messed up hunt or another, and those few times he himself made a mistake that he needed their help to get out of, the mistake was the result of another idiotic thing they (Dean) had done first.
After breakfast, he, Sam, and Cas sat down to hash out a plan to train up the kids. Dean loved seeing the light spark in his brother’s eyes as they worked out the details. The man was an excellent hunter, but leadership and knowledge was where he really shined. Dean may not have what it took to be a true Man of Letters, but Sam had been cut from Henry Winchester’s cloth and had settled into the role like a duck to water. Dean could see the longing for fieldwork in his eyes from time to time, but usually he was content to act as their hunter liaison. And to be honest, Dean was glad to have him out of harm’s way, excellent hunter or not. He could concentrate on the hunt better when he wasn’t worried for Sam’s life. Still, it was good to get the occasional confirmation that he truly was happy with his new work.
Dean waited for him to look up from his paperwork to continue. “There’s something I’ve been meaning to tell you for a while now.” He took a deep breath and rubbed his forehead. “Um, so, you know how the hunter lifestyle can be—all about being tough and manly and whatever, right?”
And now that he was out and they were together, he was having a hard time keeping it in. He’d almost blurted it out to Bobby twice, and he’d accidentally told Garth a story that implied that he and Cas were together, but since Garth knew about the bond, the implication went right by him. He could’ve told them both on the phone, and they’d have been plenty pleased about it, but he wanted to do this in person, formal like.
He plows on. “Yeah, but I’m talking about the first one. The one called
“I can pull up a chair next to the bed.”
. They only tacked on the
“Claire,” Cas said, opening the conversation by putting the ball in her court.
Dean turned to face him full on. Dear God, what did Cas think he was, some ogre? Then a few recent memories flitted across his mind—him asking for space, being stubborn and staying away until they literally collapsed—they’d cleared up the second-hand store thing, but before then Cas had believed Dean didn’t care enough about him to pay for new clothes. Maybe Dean
, which meant he was subject to the whims of human emotions now more than ever. On top of their individual changes, the link between them strengthened. They could feel more of each other’s emotions now, though it was still vague enough to allow some measure of privacy, and they could even send whole thoughts if they focused, though it was far from precise. And while it seemed that Cas was still getting the raw end of the deal—being saddled with a human, and more specifically, being saddled with Dean, who felt he had even less to offer than the average human—he seemed okay with it.
“Toddler, remember?”
Sam frowns. “Since when does a fully charged Cas sleep? Is he losing his grace again?”
There was a sort of … tingle at the back of Dean’s mind, but before he could wonder what it was, there was a flap of wings, and he knew without looking that his be-trench-coated angel (no! not
He cleared his throat. “Looks comfortable. Do you like it?”
Pleasantly exhausted from the fight, they happily headed back to the hotel after grabbing dinner. Dean ordered twice as much as usual for himself, as Cas still liked to pretend he didn’t enjoy eating but ended up stealing food anyways. Cas, of course, realized what Dean was doing, but dutifully ignored it and instead gently teased Dean at how hungry he must be to order so much food for just himself. It was so adorable of an act, Dean almost kissed him. Might have done so if the fast-food employee hadn’t leaned out of the window just then to give Dean the food.
“Yes, there was. On March third, twenty-thirteen, at six-fourteen PM, Eastern Standard Time.”
“Nah, I think I’ve got enough room for your two pairs of fuzzy socks and three items of clothing,” Dean replied sarcastically. The dude was a really easy roommate to have. “You want me to put your books on the shelves while you do your clothes?”
After a few minutes breathing each other in, they finally pulled back. Dean raised his eyebrow.
“I’m not walking over a hundred miles,” he says, arms still crossed and his lip sticking out like a petulant (word of the day, score) four-year-old.
Had he really only been out five minutes? He felt like he’d had an eight-hour sleep. He sat up, causing Cas’s arm to drop away, and he felt the loss immediately. Done with being stubborn, at least for a while, he immediately put his hand on top of Cas’s, where it lay on the angel’s chest. The relief was instant, but the short separation had roused Cas from his own sleep. He blinked a few times, and Dean didn’t let himself think it was cute.
“I don’t–”
“Cool, yeah. The gray is major depressing. Also, this place is in dire need of rugs. Everything is concrete. It’s not particularly warm.”
“No way, old man. I just like having a real bed and food I don’t have to pay for.”
“Should we drop the hunt?” he asks, voicing his thoughts to Dean. His brother might not always be the most strategic thinker in the room, but he knows the most about their angel, and he should be the one to make the call. Then again, maybe he’s too close to make a good call.
Dean saw the signs of her itching to leave, though, so he wasn’t too surprised when she wasn’t anywhere in the bunker one morning. She had been courteous enough to leave a note, at least. The three men shared a look over the note and hoped she’d be okay. She had their phone numbers, at least, and knew how to get to the bunker. And if all else failed, she could pray to Cas for help.
in reference to him.”
love. And I’ve done so for years. You get me like no one else has, and I like to think I get you too, and- and we fight well together and we’ve made this beautiful home and we have a family and we were lucky enough to get to share this amazing bond that no other human has ever had with another being, and our lives are fucking
—his and Cas’s and Sam’s. He had a real bedroom with a mattress that remembered him and a kitchen he loved and a mancave like normal guys had. He had a favorite reading nook in the library and a favorite showerhead in the bathroom. He recognized the weird smell of the third storage room and that one light in the hallway that always flickered after midnight. He could walk from the bedroom to the kitchen in his sleep. He woke up every day at precisely eight oh three because that was when Cas slide out of bed to go start the coffee. This place, in just a couple of months, had become home. And the day that Cas called it home, too, made it even better.
“No.” It wasn’t a shout, and Cas didn’t jump up or do any flailing, but he might as well have, for all that the feeling of fear slammed into Dean. He almost physically reeled back at it.
This time, though, he found he was ready to reenter the world after just a day. That was progress, wasn’t it? All those discussions on feelings he and Cas had been having lately, they must be working at least a little. He felt like if he could just get over this last hump, they’d be golden. Cas would know how Dean felt, and they’d be able to really start living their lives. If only he could do that one last thing …
Cas tenses. “Yes, I’m aware that I’m losing feathers, Dean.” He gestures to the bouquet of feathers in Dean’s hands. “It’s a bit difficult to forget.” His voice is tight.
called
And Dean was right, it’s nice to have a place to call his own. He keeps his few possessions on the shelf and bedside table. It’s nice seeing them, instead of having them hidden away until they’re needed. Now, he can pick them up, run his fingers over them, turn them over in his hands, and let himself think about why he keeps them. He places his new laptop neatly on his desk, along with a framed picture of him, Dean, and Sam. He keeps his favorite books on the shelf above the bed. He places his few extra clothes that he’s picked up over the years in the dresser. He has a special drawer in his bedside table just for the mixtapes Dean’s given to him, along with an ancient Walkman to listen to them with. And on the door, he’d sticks a carefully crafted sign that reads “Castiel’s room – Do not enter.” He’s seen it on people’s bedroom doors in movies, and he likes it. Dean had said it was his space, and he wants to make sure everyone knows that. Sam had looked confused the first time he noticed it and told him only kids did that, but Dean had slung an arm over Castiel’s shoulder and said that it was charmingly human and that he liked it, so Castiel didn’t take it down. And now when he sees the sign, he remembers the warmth he felt from Dean’s arm around him, and that soft, fond smile on his face—so rare these days, and all the more precious for it.
Sam and Dean are already back, and they’ve had time to change into comfortable clothes. Empty food containers litter the table, and they’ve got books and papers spread out around them—Sam at the small table and Dean on one of the beds. Castiel drops the coat and suit jacket he shed three interviews back on the bed and slumps down in front of Dean, who looks up at him in surprise. It feels
, and Cas was worth so much risk. He’d dive into the unknown for his angel, he realized. And while he’d always known that in a life-or-death sense, he realized the same could be said for love and the future of their relationship. And there it was, the breakthrough: Cas was worth the risk. He was worth everything. Even if things eventually went south, he would have had at least a moment of pure happiness with the person he loved.
Dean sighs. “I dunno. Maybe? Or, maybe, after all this time, Earth is finally affecting him physically, not just emotionally.” He doesn’t really know what to think, and he hates that his hands are tied for now. They need to hurry up and catch this pied whatever before they disappear the entire city. Then they can focus on what’s going on with Cas.
He tries to wriggle free, and there’s a whiny moan at his ear that confirms two things: that it’s definitely Cas who is spooning him, and that there’s definitely at least some excitement thrumming through his own body. He practically shoots out of the bed, landing in a heap on the floor. He scrambles up, grabs his bag, and hightails it for the bathroom, not even looking to see if Sam is around to notice either the cuddling or Dean’s freak out. He drops his bag and scrubs his face with his hands before leaning over the sink to stare at his reflection in the mirror.
Not wanting his eyes to stray back to Cas’s body, Dean nudged him back to the changing room. “Git back in there. Let’s see what else you’ve got.”
just hero worship.”
Sam grins and begins cleaning up the room.
“Alone time? You make it sound like we’re married with three kids. Which, ew.”
“Nuh uh. Education first, shoot after.”
“Yeah, of course. Just tired, I guess. And thinking about what to do with all these people we suddenly have in our home.”
“Kills?”
“Plans for the day?” he asks around a mouthful of cereal.
“What?”
He was contemplating a drunk nap when Cas started his pacing, and after a few dizzying turns, he came to sit next to Dean in one of the reading nooks. Which was good, because he was starting to feel a little sick. Maybe he should slow down the drinking. Cas did that staring-at-Dean-from-too-close thing, then spared a short glance for Sam.
“Just on TV. I’ve heard it’s pretty cool, though.”
Cas’s head whips up from where he’d been staring at the table, and his eyes are wide. “Lovelorn?”
“Well, ya look good, man. I cannot tell you how long I’ve wanted to get you out of those damn clothes.”
He started looking through the sweaters once Dean pointed him to the right section for his size. Dean encouraged him to grab anything that he liked the look of, and then he’d try everything on and see what suited him. It was weird to Dean to think about having to try on clothes—he’d been dressing himself for so long and had stopped growing ages ago, so he was comfortable just grabbing and buying—but he figured Cas needed to see and feel the clothes to know what he wanted. They selected some t-shirts and even a few flannels, plus some jeans, then headed for the changing rooms. Dean waited outside while Cas went into a room. Dean thought he’d mojo a clothing change, but was surprised to hear rustling, like he was actually changing clothes by hand. He liked it when Cas tried to do things the human way. Cas’s love for humanity was one of the things that made him so special, and he was glad Cas was getting to experience this life, even if the situation itself was far from ideal.
well. end of term, intense burnout, one 14-hour drive, and a mild depressive episode later, here we are. chapter two. the second half of farmer!dean.
It seemed weird to Dean that Heaven itself wouldn’t celebrate, but also he couldn’t imagine any of the angels celebrating anything. Gabriel maybe, but only by putting the mistletoe in weird places and drinking way too much eggnog. But Raphael? Michael? No way.
, he wanted to say. He was done talking. He flipped the pancake in the pan and it showed a scorched, dark brown underside. That one would be for him, then.
“If you’re proposing to me, I don’t think you should call me a dumbass.”
“They’d kill us if we got married without them.”
“Jar Jar Binks would not last a day on the battlefield of any war,” Cas said, and suddenly Dean remembered that Cas had been a soldier for longer than the Earth had existed, and that though Cas might be human now, that was barely a blip in his billion-year lifetime. It was just so easy to forget, with Cas sitting under the same blanket as him and wearing an awful sweater with a pattern of halos and snowflakes Sam had sent as a joke for Christmas and with Jack excitedly leaning forward to watch a movie he’d seen at least twice before with pure enthusiasm in his eyes.
When Dean came downstairs five minutes later, much calmer and with a gameplan of how to scrounge up a holiday dinner without going to the store, Cas, Mabel, and her husband were already sitting on the couches in the living room, glasses of water (or, in Mabel’s husband’s case, one of Dean’s beers) in their hands.
“Yeah, no problem.” Sam was about to launch into one of his well-meaning speeches, so Dean hung up.
Dean keeps cleaning up the bunker, and it’s almost three weeks after their last hunt before he thinks of the term “nesting.” He laughs to himself at how true it seems to be, but he keeps doing it. It makes him feel good, making this place more of a home for his family. His culinary skills, already pretty decent after living in the bunker for several years, improve even more with his constant cooking and baking, and Sam complains about having to run more to keep the weight off, though he doesn’t stop eating three helpings of everything.
That scant amount of connection nearly combusted Dean where he stood. He must’ve zoned out for a few, because he came to with Cas turned around and looking at him with a concerned face. “Dean?”
“But I know you enjoy watching me eat, and Saturday morning cartoons haven’t been an actual thing since streaming services popped up, so it all works out, doesn’t it?” He stood and popped his back, then pointed an accusatory finger at Cas, who was eyeing his terrible suit and trench coat after getting out of bed. “No clothes!”
acting like an ogre. What Cas didn’t know was that Dean’s actions were only in an effort to protect his own fragile feelings. But in doing so, he’d hurt Cas. He really was a shitty bondmate. He’d need to find a way to make Cas feel appreciated, even if it broke his own heart. They were best friends who just happened to now have a bit of a codependence problem. He needed to start acting like he cared. Not that it was an act …
“Sounds good.”
“I was waiting for an invitation, like a polite wannabe guest. But
A few weeks into their new life, Dean and Cas were sitting in their reading nook in the library, the one with the loveseat, absentmindedly checking out some boxes from the archives. Sam was on a new kick to check that everything was catalogued correctly, and they were supposedly helping, but were instead mostly goofing off. Well, Dean was goofing off. Cas was working.
“Hmmm, but there hasn’t been a wedding.”
“Still got it.”
Dean allowed himself a quick glance before looking back at the now-empty doorway. Cas had a frown on his face, and his shoulders were slumped. Dean wished yet again that he had a window into Cas’s deeper thoughts and feelings, rather than mouse tunnel to his momentary reactions.
Cas furrowed his brow. “I think it stems from your own push to make this place a home and make me part of your and Sam’s family. Being a part of something is nice, and I want Claire to have that too. She deserves it.”
“Dean? What happened? You feel upset,” Cas called from a hall leading into the room. As soon as he came through the door and looked up, he froze, obviously recognizing Claire immediately, despite her having changed a lot in the years since he’d last seen her.
Sam shuffled some papers with his translation of the ritual. He could manage Latin pretty well, and his Enochian was getting better, but the ritual was written in some weird combo of the two, and he’d been complaining about declensions for the last hour. Whatever those were, they didn’t sound pleasant. Sam handed a page over and pointed to the relevant section.
“Um, you okay there, dude?” Dean asks, peering at him with narrowed eyes.
Cas nodded slowly, then took his own step backwards. “Of course. See you soon.” He turned and headed through the archive room door. Dean watched him a moment longer, then turned around himself. Distance was good. They both needed it.
Cas sat up and shook his head. It had to be weird to wake up from sleep for an angel, since angels didn’t sleep. Dean squeezed his hand and reluctantly let go, though he leaned just a bit so their shoulders touched. Even though it wasn’t skin-to-skin contact, it felt better than being completely separated. Cas hummed softly, and Dean knew he was having the same thought.
Kevin’s eyes were wide and there was a faint blush on his pale cheeks. “Um. Only half lost, I think. I probably won’t use this room much, if at all, so we’ll get out of your hair. Congrats on the win, Castiel!” he waved awkwardly, then he and Sam backed out of the door, and Dean avoided looking Cas in the eye.
It took Dean a few moments understand what he meant. “So the word you
“No,” Cas confirmed. “Still potential.”
Dean smiled. “Stingy queen.”
“We have a list,” Cas said, proudly brandishing the sheet of paper he’d just finished writing on. “Add anything not already on there.”
Castiel’s resolve to confess his feelings from only a few hours before wavers. What is he thinking, ruining their friendship just so he can spend a little more time with the man he loves most—on this plane and every other? Is it worth it? Is it worth possibly losing Dean for good, just so that things can be a little bit different?
to anything you want, sweetheart.”
At this point, they’ve slowed the research, since it seems like they just have to wait it out, though Dean finds himself picking up an angel book from time to time simply so that he can finally learn more about the being who means everything to him.
“Same old, Your Worshipfulness. You?”
“Oh, thank God.”
Her mouth made a surprised oh. “You guys know about that?” She rounded on the room with a glare. “Who told?”
Cas sighed. “I really would. It’s a pretty shitty system, isn’t it? Us being required to take vessels.”
“No, I am still connected to the Host and have full use of my abilities. I’m just frustrated,” Castiel says in half explanation. “No one said anything remotely helpful, and at the last home, a child screeched the entire time I was there.”
Dean pokes him with a finger before rubbing his back again. “Okay, Sarcastic Sally. No need for the ‘tude. I’m trying to help you.”
Dean’s face heats again. What does that even mean? Is it just a family familiarity thing? Or does he specifically like the way Dean smells? And if it’s the latter, is that just a personal preference for certain scents, or is there a specific reason Cas likes Dean’s scent in particular? Dean has no clue what to do with that, so he ignores it, kicking Sammy’s chair when he gets that maddeningly sly little brother expression on his face.
They talk about what to have for dinner, but Sam gets an odd look on his face and bows out, saying he’s stuffed from the snacks and tired from the beer and games. He exits for his room with the oddest smile on face, but Castiel can’t concentrate on that as his mind scrambles for a way to tell Dean everything he feels. Human language, as amazing and odd as it is, doesn’t always allow for the best communication. He considers the mental manipulation that Dean calls a Vulcan mind meld, because maybe then he could begin to express everything he feels for the man. But that might make Dean no longer trust him, not knowing if what he was seeing were true, and that’s the last thing he wants. He’ll have to make do with inadequate words, it seems.
While Sam unpacked dinner at the table, Dean popped a frozen pie (genius) into the oven so it’d be ready for an evening snack while they researched. He could practically taste the cinnamony apples already.
And Cas—gorgeous, amazing, ridiculous, smart, clueless angel who had changed Dean’s life in the best of ways—simply smiled and answered “yes.” Like it was nothing. And everything.
Sam shakes his head. “Nada. It’s like they all got up and walked out of their houses, and they took nothing with them.”
As Dean is about to come up with some witty comeback, he hears a chuckle. He glances across the room to see Sam leaning against the doorframe.
“Oh God, you’ve been talking to Cas, haven’t you?”
“Awesome, the great angel-human guinea pig experiment begins,” Dean bit out. “I’ll come find you when it gets bad.”
“Hey!” He rubbed the back of his head, which didn’t really hurt, but he liked the drama of it. Then he sighed and slumped back in his chair. “What if I fuck it up? I’ve never managed to keep a lasting, healthy relationship. I mean, my mom died when I was a kid, my dad was an obsessive workaholic asshole, and Sam sees this bunker as a waystation and workplace, despite my very big attempts to make this place a home. The few romantic relationships I’ve tried have all failed. I can’t lose him, Charlie. He’s my best friend, my other half. Not to mention, we’ve got this whole bond thing keeping us connected.”
if you want. We won’t pull you back in if you don’t want to.”
Much more exciting: A CAS BURRITO IN DEAN’S BED.
“Why d’you get embarrassed when you see your feathers?” Dean asks. He likes seeing them, seeing a part of Cas that he’s never been able to before, even if the sight reminds him that there’s something wrong.
“I’ll get it booked. I assume you want to drive, not fly? Fly with your wings, that is. I’m not flying in a tin can.”
“Oh, and, uh, Cas?” Dean flushes again. “I love you too.”
“So what do you think’s wrong with him?” Sam asks, crossing his arms on the roof of the Impala and watching Cas stomp around the path.
In which the molting finally slows down, and Cas gathers the courage to tell Dean his feelings
“Apple pie life,” Dean agreed with his own grin.
“Yes, I definitely want to. Both meanings of sleep, to be clear.” Castiel winks at him, and Dean’s face flushes further.
“Okay, thanks for telling me.” Sam didn’t show a hint of surprise at the confession.
Dean closed his eyes and sighed. Shit like this wasn’t supposed to happen when Sam was in charge. He was the careful, thoughtful one. It was Dean who impulsively jumped into a half-baked plan without thought for the consequences.
Finally, Cas rescued him. “Dean?” he asked, coming to stand in Sam’s door. He looked concerned. Must’ve felt something through the bond.
“Sexual connotation.”
When he sat back down, Sam was explaining his findings of the afternoon as Cas sneaked another bite of Dean’s meal. Dean rolled his eyes and waved away the fork Cas sheepishly offered to him, holding up the new one he picked up on his way back to the table.
A hint of lightning passed through the air. Just the suggestion of a charge, enough to make the hair on Sam’s arms stand on end.
“Is this how everyone lives? Handing over fake paperwork to make sandwiches for a living?”
Cas raised his eyebrows. “Like you could do better.”
god. You’re gonna be fine.”
“Hey, guys. I know, I know.” Dean ruffled the fur on Patience’s head, and she glared at him. “I was gone.”
Whisper refused to allow anyone but Cas to go near her, hissing when Dean even so much as looked at her, but eventually, she allowed Cas to lead her to a nesting box he set up in the extra bedroom. She carried her three babies in by the scruffs of their neck and deposited them on the soft towels, curling up around them and giving Dean a death glare when he poked his head in to check on them.
But he couldn’t avoid it forever, and shoveling the driveway clear so Cas could get to work gave him a lot of time to think. About how he very definitely was not gay, because he’d liked women since he hit puberty, but he had some undefined feelings about Cas that he wasn’t entirely sure were friendship. And there had been Lee, and Benny, and everything he got up to as a demon, even though he told himself that didn’t count since it wasn’t the kind of thing that would lead to genuine emotions. (And when it had with Benny, he’d refused to think about it and left.) And he hadn’t even made an attempt to hook up with anyone in a very long time. Since he got back from Purgatory the second time, maybe. How he lived in the same house as Cas and even though they had separate bedrooms they cooked together and ate together and sat really close together on the couch for no real reason except they wanted to. And how he hadn’t been this happy in years - maybe forever - and he knew the reason for that was the former angel that was struggling into a winter coat just inside the door.
Dean sighed, for real this time. From across the yard, Patience looked at him with a death glare. “Yeah,” he said.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Would I be doing this if I didn’t?”
Dean blinked, and Aiden was in front of him, leaning against the back wall of his house. On his left, a window looked into the living room, where the TV played a daytime soap opera to an empty couch. One of his hands was bunched in Aiden’s shirt and the other leaned against the wall next to his head, propping himself up. Aiden’s eyes shone with expectation and wanting. He leaned forward, an invitation, and Dean wanted to meet him halfway. To find out if Aiden’s mouth would taste like Paris’s, or if it would be different somehow, how the scraggly half-beard Dean hadn’t managed to bully Aiden out of growing would feel.
Bobby the goat headbutted the back of Dean’s knee. He thought it was in support, but maybe she just wanted to make him fall over. He could never tell with her.
“You had one last time you were human,” Dean said. He technically was not involved in the conversation, but he was there anyway, mostly for something to do. “You were Steve… whatever. Use that one again.”
“Why?”
“Shit.”
That made Dean freeze. He’d woken Charlie up, and for what? To have a useless conversation to make himself feel a little less weird? He never would’ve done this before, in the old version of the world. The one Chuck ruled. He’d been a lot better about repressing feelings there.
Dean put down his peanut butter and jelly sandwich - or, peanut butter and maybe a little bit of jelly, because his dad hadn’t bought any more jelly in weeks and he’d made sure to make Sam’s sandwich first.
-they’re wearing tacky thrift store clothes.
Dinner wasn’t, to his surprise, horrible. Mabel was nice in the way that people are when they’ve lived their whole lives without seeing a city, laughing a little too loud at her own jokes and assuming that everyone is intimately familiar with the social intricacies of north Kansas, and her husband was mellow, mostly keeping quiet and smiling fondly at his wife’s comments. Dean got into a conversation about cars with Roger that he was surprised to find he was actually interested in, even if Roger had horrible opinions - pickup trucks, even vintage, could simply never be preferable to a good classic muscle car. Apparently Roger had a son who worked organizing bike rallies, and Dean had never even so much as considered motorcycles - there wasn’t any place to keep a hunting kit! Nowhere to sleep if you couldn’t find a motel! - but when Roger talked about his son’s work with them, Dean could start to see the appeal.
The movie played out on the big screen, and Dean didn’t watch it. Instead, his eyes ran over his date. He made out with Sarah/Ella/Marie until the credits rolled, and he’d take them to a diner and get them a milkshake after.
The coffee cup Cas had been holding made a very loud thud when he set it down abruptly on the table. Dean flipped another pancake out of the frying pan and onto the plate, then poured more batter into the pan. He thought he was doing pretty good at acting like he wasn’t incredibly invested in Cas’s answer.
