I don't think there will ever be a consistent calendar for this one, but I'll try to update it more ! I love B99, Peraltiago and the Avengers so I really want to do something with it now that I started it.
But he wasn’t met with “yes, Clint, we can”, like he hoped, but by Darcy wolf-whistle and Natasha appreciative look. Confused, he looked around, and finally got that it wasn’t directed to him. Tony had changed, and was wearing black jeans (but tight ones, this time), a white shirt, a black vest and a red tie. And as much as straight was sereine in his straight-ness, he had to admit. Yowza.
Take care!
- “I’m serious, you were mad I was winning so you sold your virgin blood or something like that !” That made him blush. Was it a mad-blush or a shy-blush uh ?
Tony looked at him, biting his lip in silence. But after a while, he made another sigh.
Anyway. Loads of talk for nothing. Here we go today !
- “You know, Tony, you should just tell him you like him.” The man was smiling softly, and took a sip of his drink.
- “My stake-out food, leave me alone.” Steve chuckled. It was a nice sound. “Alright. Throw one.” He wiggled his eyebrows. Steve did, and he caught it.
- “I’m a very mature man.” He pretended to dust his shoulder. Steve shook his head.
- “What ? Nothing, I told you, I just don’t like it.”
Fury asked him if he wanted the relief team to come. Tony thought about the restaurant reservation, in a “nice place”, nice enough for everyone to think he would propose if he acted all lovey dovey (perfect to get Steve uncomfortable while still eating good food.). Well, at least he wouldn’t throw money into a fake date, he guessed.
He went to find Tony, still writing the arrest report, and sat in front of him.
- “Ah.” Was all Bruce added, before scurrying off.
- “See, that’s what friends are for !” Pointing Natasha to Clint.
He had fairly enough of his conversation. So he did the next best thing, created a diversion.
Take care !
- “What do you want, Stark ?” He was still mad after yesterday’s words. Sometimes Tony could just be the king of assholes.
- “Nice.”
Steve stayed silent. Rolling his eyes, Tony turned to face him a bit better, and saw he was looking puzzled.
- “Of course. That’s very mature of you.”
- “You’re diminishing the effect if you justify it Barton.” Tony shook his head. “Anyway. If you do not want to kill me, please kindly fuck off.”
- “Fine. My problem with that stupid holiday it that it’s supposed to be a family thing. And when I was very little, I had my butler, Jarvis. Him and his wife would always make me eat the greatest of turkeys and would be great. But then, they died, and since then I've just eaten pizza home alone. Sometimes with friends, but I just don’t like it. It’s not the same. I don’t have a family, I don’t have much to be really thankful for, so it annoys me.”
- “What ? M’not gonna change.” He shook his head. He had a jean and shirt, and that was good enough. “It’s Thanksgiving, no point in dressing up.”
- “Fuck you all.” Clint responded, before putting more food into his mouth.
The day later, when he was nowhere close to getting anything done, and bad luck was just pilling on him - In order, he burned his diner, broke his phone, arrived late at work, and a civilian had just spilled a coffee on him (by accident.. He hoped) -, he slumped at his desk, banging his head against it. Fuck his lifeeeee.
- “There aren’t any new cases. And I forbid you both to annoy any colleagues, or even ask them for help. It’s your dumb bet, it doesn’t concern anyone.”
- “Thanks, Stark.” She smiled at him. She was indeed making an effort though, he noticed, since she wore one of those fancy dresses.
- “Spit it out.” He ordered.
3 weeks later and fuck. Tony had fucked himself up, hadn’t he ? Because he had… Put his eggs all in one basket or sold something before getting something… No matters how the saying went, Tony had his own way of saying it : He fucked up. Because it had been 2 weeks without any new real solve, any new cases done, and Steve Rogers was now almost 10 points ahead of him.
- “God, you don’t even know how to talk.” Steve looked pissed off. Maybe he was feeling threatened.
- “No, you’re not. Because you’re in a slump, Stark.” Rogers was all too happy to say, smug and all. Bastard. Attractive bastard…
(Also I probably won't do the episode in a straight order, Sal's Pizza is supposed to be before The Bet and Thanksgiving but erh who cares right)
- “That’s not a felony !” It wasn’t part of their bet. He was cheating.
- “Look at that, I’m winning !” Stark auto clapped himself. “I must admit, it does feel good, yeah.” He added, accepting the praise of the rest of the team.
- “Losing this car would be the worst thing, Tony. The worst.”
- “The bet ends today.”
- “Yes.” Tony muttered, a manic grin on his face.
- “Sure, keep believing that.” Bruce shrugged, but his smile suggested he wasn’t in any way convinced by what Tony was telling him. “But I know that deepdown, you like Steve. You like like him.
- “Fine ! What are we betting on ? And don’t say money.”
- “What about your car ?” Natasha asked, smiling knowingly. Because of course, Natasha knew everything.
- “Fine.” Clint gulped. “But who’s Steve ?”
Steve was always surprised about Tony’s car. He was the son of a rich, super rich dude. He was probably rich too. But no, his car was an old one, and not even a “vintage” one, just an old one. It was still a pretty sweet car, he wasn’t going to lie, but still. Not something Steve would expect of Tony Stark.
- “It’s nowhere in the rules, Stark. Be a good player, for once.” Steve said. Tony blew him a kiss in return.
- “Yes, Natasha, my date does look good.” Tony smiled, preening in all the attention. It was almost cute. But he wasn’t. Because he was being a jerk, since he raised his voice to be sure everyone looked at him.
Sighting, Tony sat again, and opened the software to begin his tedious work. He hated being benched. This was the worst.
- “I hate when you’re right, oh wise-yogi Bruce-chan or whatever.” He rolled his eyes. “Fine, I’ll come and be thankful.”
- “Looking good, Steve.” Natasha mocked him. He only glared at her. Clint whistled, and Steve wished he could strangle the man.
- “Because they are annoying little pricks ?” He raised an eyebrow.
- “Aw, I’m your fave ? That’s nice.”
- “Evidence are not props nor toys, Stark.” Fury groaned, without looking, reading a paper with Bruce.
- “Big, big assholes.” Clint muttered, finally sitting properly on his chair.”
- “Yeah, it’s mostly plastic.” He smirked. “But not to worry, we’ll catch the perps and get on with the worst date of your life.”
-”Heyyy you lazy dogs !” Tony arrived, smiling like a lunatic. (When wasn’t he, recently) “What are you doing- You know what, I don’t care, let me tell you about the awesome drug bust I just made !” He put up a big bag of cocaïne in the air.
No one wanted to see Bruce angry. He was the coolest of guys, really, doing meditation, drinking herbal tea and all around a really nice and chill dude. Except when he got really angry. It was like a big rage monster was taking his place and the recipient usually regretted having pissed him off bad. So Tony just uttered a long suffering sigh, and talked.
- “I could maybe be persuaded, Tony.” Natasha said, passing by. He smiled to her.
- “I’ll come with.” Tony announced almost immediately grabbing his coat.
(See the end of the chapter for
- “Yeah you ! You did voodoo on me ! Admit it !”
- “I’ll be your referee.” Said Bruce, smiling at their antics. “Just shake on it.”
He frowned, and took out the binoculars from in front of his eyes to look at Steve. He wasn’t trying to make a joke, he was sincere. Oh well.
- “I’m not. I never hit any slump. I’m in the reverse of a slump. I’m.. Pimuls. That’s the reverse of slump. I’m pimulsing my cases.”
- “You’re slumping, Stark. Look at the scoreboard.” He said, in a low voice, almost in his ear, and god that was attractive. Damn Steve. Without adding anything else, he smiled and went away. Why the fuck was Tony shivering uh ?
- “But captain..” He started, but was cut once again.
- “Uh, excuse me sir,” Tony said, while approaching one of the two men discharging the truck.
They all finished debriefing the cases opened, the most important one was being led by Stark. Again. If he let himself be led by his jealousy - not that he would admit ever being jealous of Tony Stark - he would accuse the other detective of having interior help. After all, everyone knew Howard Stark knew the Commissioner, and half of the NYPD by now, and especially Captain Fury, and no one wanted to make him angry. Except… Except Tony didn’t talk to his Dad anymore, and had told Steve in great details after one of their first big fights. So no. He wouldn’t go there. As much as the voice in his dead murmured.
- “What is your problem with Thanksgiving, for god’s sake ?!”
- “Do I really have to wear this, Stark ?”
(Not a doctor !)
Of course Steve would not count his eggs before they hatched. Tony would always give him a bit of a challenge.
- “Just. Kill me Clint, now, please. My bad luck is getting worse, and worse, and I think I might end up in a destination finale like situation if no one stops it. Do something.”
Steve was still working the next day, when a box of donuts was put - almost thrown - on his desk, rather loudly. He looked up to see Tony, looking disheveled, but still gorgeous. Damn the bastard.
- “Fine !” He threw his hands in the air. “And for your information, Bruce already forbade them to help us, since he’s the referee, who cares about your orders !” He blinked. “I meant that with respect, Sir. I’ll just go.”
- “I can solve a case for you, Stark if you want.” The voice of Natasha in his back made him jump.
- “Uh, no, why ?” Steve frowned.
- “Listen to Steve more often, Tony, please !” Darcy said, eating him with her eyes.
- “You’re being crazy, Stark.” He shook his head and turned it around to look at his screen. Well. Maybe a mad-blush. Oups.
Some of them popped crackers full of confetti, and began dancing, while Clint flipped the board and showed a big “STARK WINS”. Tony pointed at it, screaming “Look !” and dance awkwardly toward Steve, a small box in hand. As if it wasn’t embarrassing enough, he got on one knee and opened said box.
- “The fuck ?” The words came out of his mouth without any filter, since his brain seemed to be shutting down. Him ? Liking Steve Rogers ?
Steve took his chance and went in. He quickly went out, though, a bit pink behind the ears. Tony had warned him.
- “Well, because it’s my car, I worked on it a fair bit, and I would be pretty fucked if she died on me. And it’s a sweet car, even if it isn’t a fancy one.”
- “Look, someone left that door open. If we get to the roof, we’ll be able to see them easier and not be as seen.”
- “It is, actually.” He smiled. “Turned out being bored at my desk rebooted my brain. I solved 2 cases yesterday and I think a third is close to being done. So don’t count on victory just yet, Rogers.” He wiggled his eyebrows, backing up while still looking at him. “I’m not out of the gam-” He was stopped abruptly when he collided with Clint, deep in his phone. They both fell. It was great.
They made their way down, and he decided to just follow Tony’s lead. And his lead was to act angry and annoyed. Well he could do that, he thought, while crossing his arms and following him.
(See the end of the chapter for
- “Ask yourself that question, Stark.”
- “Don’t.” Clint glared, already grabbing some mashed potatoes. “Or do while I eat.”
- “Uh. Fine.” He shook his head and took off toward his desk.
- “So… Can we eat now ?” Clint tried.
They went up. Sat, in a bit more silence. But Tony hated silence so.
- “What. The. Fuck. Barton.” He replied, since Clint had literally just given him a rabbit foot. A real one. God. On a key-chain ? What the fuck.
- “Yeah, sure, keep believing.” He snorted, before finally looking at the other guy. “By the way, shouldn’t you, you know, work instead of chit-chat, to maybe… Solve some cases ? That would be good, no ?”
- “You too.” Steve said, finding himself smiling equally. They done good.
The next day, Steve went to report to Fury. And blinked like an idiot when Fury said they did good while refusing the relief team. He hadn’t even knew Fury had suggested a relief team.
- “Sorry you didn’t get your full win. Guess it’s one more bad date.”
- “No. I’m pretty broke, Rogers.”
- “So. We’ll just go to the bar real quick, so I can show you off to the squad, then to a nice restaurant where everyone will think I’ll propose and just look at us the entire time, then we’ll see.”
- “Fine.” Steve said, not backing down.
(not much Stony in this one but I still had to.. Right ?)
- “Permission to go to the bathroom ?” He said, ironically. Tony chuckled and went his way. The night was going to be terrible, he thought, as he went toward the bathroom. But also maybe a bit fun.
He told Fury they were good. Looking at Steve throwing peanuts into his mouth, he thought that maybe, he wanted to see how the night would go.
- “Nah, it goes on the good dates list.” Steve opened his mouth, and Tony finally looked at him, smiling. “Only ‘cause we caught the bad guys.” He winked.
“What’s your game kid? Why come and tell me this story? I know that you haven’t told this to Roger’s, otherwise he wouldn’t be coming after me.” His eyes slanted, “What do you think that I can do, that Roger’s can’t?”
Tony sat up straighter in his chair, putting his fingers together lightly. “Sorry. Please restate.”
“You don’t know that.” A chuckle broke through from Rhodey’s side. Tony was sure that he was pinching the bridge of his nose. “Besides, I came close to just shooting Roger’s in between the eyes and being done with him entirely.”
Bucky seemed to shift in that moment, arm moving to grasp something that wasn’t there. Steve knew that he was trying to cross his arms, but the phantom arm only played along for so long it seemed. Bucky almost looked terrified but masked it well. “Today’s been a little rough if you want my honesty.”
“No. We aren’t dying here. This isn’t our legacy.” Tony gritted his teeth and pulled Steve’s arm over his shoulder once more before gearing towards the exit that he’d been making his way to.
“What should I do about the Mob that’s shown up in Manhattan?” There was a long pause before there was anything remotely spoken over the line. Tony could only assume that it was Rhodey getting to an area where he wouldn’t be disturbed or overheard.
So, he pulled it out, walked with Hammer and befriended him. It wasn’t hard. Tony didn’t claim it to be easy either. Justin wasn’t under the impression that Tony was anything like his father, and that when they were CEO’s together that they might be able to tackle a lot of the business world. Tony didn’t know bloodlust then, there was still hope between him and Hammer. But when Obie called him, told him that his dad wanted him to come back home and attend a university. Tony’s friendship with Hammer faded.
When Tony did finally speak, it was to laugh. “You-Hehe!- You want to make a truce over –HA- land that you don’t have?” Tony seemed positively tickled by what he was hearing. He wouldn’t stop laughing and Steve had half a mind to leave him there till he was finished. “You don’t have the grounds to stand on to make such an offer!” Suddenly Tony’s hand was smacking the table as if it were hard enough snap it in two. Steve almost wondered if when Tony’s hand moved away, that there would be a crack there, regardless of how impossible it would be.
Peter’s whisper was harsh and low toned. Tony stared at the kid before leaning forward on the table.
“I’ve already told Obadiah that I can’t leave for personal reasons. If they want a live demonstration then they can put up with one of our other salesmen. They don’t need me specifically.” Scowls. Tony hated scowls. His finger twitched, he stopped himself. No. No. Stop that.
The CEO closed out of his video message board, grinding his teeth together as he walked through his mansion. “
See you around in the next update! More fun to come with Tony and Steve!!!!
Steve was sitting by the window that held a good view of the Manhattan skyline. There was an abandoned sketchbook next to him, so Peter figured he was lost in thought. “Couldn’t sleep?” Peter jumped at the soft voice behind him. Bucky walked up to the teen, crossing his arms over his chest and leaning against the wall. His eyes were also on Steve, a look of sincere sadness coming over his face.
“I don’t see why we're just talking with him.” Clint was twirling one of Loki’s knives next to Steve, glaring at the man. “If anything he’d be able to give us info right? I mean the Merchant must trust this guy to have him try to corner us on a rooftop.” Steve nodded, but he didn’t move to remedy the situation. Loki looked mildly pissed off with the situation. His glare was mostly directed at Thor, but Steve had felt it move over to him from time to time.
“It’s obvious enough.”
Tony ripped them away, trying to see his chest, trying to understand what it was that was strapped to his chest. His heart likely skipped.
“You could say that,” Peter stated, glancing back to Steve. The mob boss hadn’t seemed to hear them. Far too lost. “What happened with Stark… two days ago. Do you think that he’ll call Steve? He admitted to being close with the Merchant to you both.”
“Why did they shoot?”
Tony handles a few issues that seem to pop up in Manhattan. Meanwhile, Steve goes off to visit with an old friend... Or is he?
“My higher-ups don’t make a decision like this, I do.” Clint took a small step back at the biting tone that Tony had taken on. It was what the CEO had first wanted but he was tired. He was ready to sleep and be woken by the nightmares. He wanted to rest for once. “But I suppose we can talk protection. Depending on if you can afford me.”
That was the game that Steve seemed to play with Natasha all the time when he’d first met her. Off and on. In the compound for weeks on end, away from all of them for a month. She didn’t trust easy, but she and Barton seemed to get along once they chatted for a while on the roof once. It was after making one friend that she made several others. Sam and Nat didn’t talk much, but Steve could recall seeing them in the den back at headquarters watching a James Bond film together and throwing popcorn at the screen anytime the bad guy showed up on screen. “Where were you yesterday?” Natasha still distrusted Steve and Bucky.
Steve shook his head, “No clue, he’s supposed to text me when he reaches rendezvous point.” Sitwell seemed unsatisfied, but Steve didn’t care. He was too worried about the Merchant arriving with an army simply for the fact that they now knew his identity.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Decided to be the man throwing the stick rather than selling it?”
For the majority of that day, Tony stayed in the penthouse, laid on the couch, tried to sleep but kept being woken up by nightmares. He almost called up Loki just for the sake of company, but he rethought that decision. Loki was quiet, this was true, but the man was still a little pissed off about the whole truce, so Tony didn’t feel like going against that wraith so soon. Instead, Tony curled up on his side, covered himself with a blanket, and tried to keep even his own breath silent for the sake of keeping his headache at bay.
“Are you listening to me, Loki? Father and mother both were upset when you left home.” Loki shook his head then. “You refuse to believe this, but it is true. Father was in the hospital for weeks with a weak heart after you had gone. Mother didn’t leave his side.”
“Loki, you knew better than to run.” The dark haired man raised his head, spitting some of the blood that gathered in his mouth onto the floor of the warehouse. He’d been dragged back to the Irish mob’s place of operations. “I thought you dead, but instead you have been here trampling around like a spy and mercenary. What would mother think of you?”
“Said that he is his brother. Apparently, Thor had traveled over here to do some business and heard a rumor that Loki was alive somewhere in New York. He stuck around in the states to find him. Sort of how I found him. He joined after he thought that his quest for Loki was destined for failure.” He gave Peter a shrug. “We’ll see where this takes us I suppose.”
“Hello,” he muttered, though rose to his feet nonetheless. His hand extended out towards Tony but he wasn’t sure what black substance was on the man’s hands, so Tony avoided the pleasantries and just smirked. He drew his hand back, unperturbed. “My name is Ivan Vanko. I… My father was a former partner to Howard.” Tony tucked the name away for later research.
“Mr. Stark?” Tony blinked. The board of directors had called a meeting that afternoon, thankfully for Tony’s caffeine addiction, and he’d been there for at least an hour and a half. He looked around to the other round old faces, minus Clark who seemed built like a freight train but was smart and young.
“I wouldn’t call me weak, mutt,” From his waistband, underneath his coat, Tony pulled out a small handgun. He pulled the trigger quickly and didn’t so much as blink when the man recoiled and fell to the ground. “Stark men are made of
“What’s up?” Pepper’s voice broke through Tony’s thoughts and he glanced at his PA. She seemed to be worried but relieved at the same time. Tony could only guess what was going through her head right now.
Tony wandered then over to where the men were standing and patted both of his men on the back. They stopped whatever chatter it was that they had going and walked away. But not before nodding to Tony as they passed. When it was just Tony and the man… Tony found that he was thankful for sending his men away. “So, the Merchant does have a face.” The man had only had to ponder for a minute before recognizing who Tony was. “I didn’t expect this, though it isn’t too far-fetched. Your legal teams did a good job of keeping your public self away from the Merchant.”
“We’ll reach the safe house in 10 minutes if we go by foot. Want me to signal we’re moving on?” Steve nodded and started walking on leaving Bucky to signal to the others while Steve scouted ahead. There was shift about them all. Everything seemed to seamlessly work together as they all walked forward.
There was a crowd at the press conference that wanted to welcome Tony back. He didn’t want to walk out there. “Tony?” Pepper was staring at him, concern etched on her face. She would understand if he said he didn’t want this, right? Tony opened his mouth to vocalize his thoughts, but the door was open before he could speak, and Obie was pulling him out of the car before Pepper could save him.
I thought for a while what I was going to do with this story. Whether or not it would be dead or if I should put it up for adoption. But I found my notes, I looked back at the comments and... I want to keep writing this story.
“Didn’t expect you here.” Tony stated, “Shouldn’t you be… stalking?” Loki sighed, putting down his latte and taking off the glasses. His hard stare was enough to make Tony regret his joking nature to the raven-haired man. There was a good-sized bruise forming over the man’s face. It was partially hidden due to the concealer that Loki had likely swiped from Tony’s bathroom.
Tony pulled out a handkerchief and rubbed away the bloody specks from his face, walking over the body as he made his way back to his car.
Besides I was tired of living in your shadow, I thought a change in scenery was necessary.” Steve watched the two ‘brothers’ from across the room. Bucky had tried to justify punching the man in the face.
Peter didn’t talk much when Steve had sat down across from him. His head chin was resting on his knees, seemingly lost in thought. Steve looked over at the boy. Peter, from what Steve could tell, was intelligent. He seemed to factor in everything all at the same time and strived to be the smartest in the room. Steve only knew this as Peter seemed to ask all the right questions to get the knowledge that he was seeking. “Want to talk about where you’re originally from?” Steve long ago thought that he was good with kids. They seemed to like him well enough, and he didn’t mind speaking with them. Kids were innocent and often were harmless.
Tony could have sworn that they were Obadiah in tandem plus more.
“Tony! I’m so glad that you’re okay.” He doubted that, but Tony accepted his hug nonetheless. A cursory glance around Tony nearly scowled at the lack of Loki and Bruce in the people around him. Where were they? Tony checked the shadows even. Nothing.
TONY DUMP! I'm telling you. A lot of months are going to go by in a flash and you'll be scrambling to catch up.
“Punk probably had an attack… He doesn’t disturb anyone after them but he likely will be pretty quiet in the mornin’.” Bucky sighed. “Leave him alone for the most part. Nat will likely sit with him for a while here in about a half hour, but I’ll drag him off to bed in the afternoon. Don’t worry too much about him, we’ve seen this happen to him before.” Peter scowled but didn’t comment more. It was more than likely that Steve was remembering the war or some of the mob business.
“A Mr. Captain Rogers is here to see you. He booked an appointment this morning from his assistant and asked that you speak with him when you had the chance. He just walked in about a half hour ago and is still waiting in the lobby.” Tony blinked, wondering where he’d heard the name Rogers before. It wasn’t possible that he’d forget someone with a Captain ranking… Would he? Tony wasn’t entirely sure.
Bucky admits some secrets.
At least they were until Tony’s other phone started to go off. The CEO groaned, having JARVIS pull up the caller I.D and scowling. “Obie this better be important.” He growled, scooting away from the workbench to glare at the screen.
Tony took that time to look at the man then. Take him in further. The man was young, mid 20’s. His hair was cut short, military, his body, however, screamed gamer and wannabe. The eyes caught Tony for only a second but it was enough of a glimpse for him to see the fire of rebellion, the burning hatred that he had for being held on a leash. His eyes reminded Tony of a dog who’d been beaten down too many times and was finally giving into his wishes to fight back.
Now, Steve was back inside. Natasha watched them speak… Mostly Steve talk. Tony seemed to be watching Steve with careful and calculating eyes. It was almost fascinating how much Stark seemed to take in with just observation alone.
He closed his eyes, tears threatening to spill for the loss of his friend.
Steve punched his shoulder lightly, taking the cards that Clint dealt out and placed them in order.
“I’m afraid that this has surpassed being patient for my blueprints.” Tony felt the spike of nervous energy that overcame him in that instance. The hairs on the back of his neck were rising, and Tony had half a mind to take off then and there. “Now, Mr. Stark, I would like my blueprints before the Merchant intervenes and I’ll have to handle his… supplier.”
“JARVIS please order some flowers for Pepper and have them sent to her office.”
Bucky sighed, “The Merchant and Stark are hard to read. They might be good family friends. Howard, Tony’s father, was the boss before the Merchant. I’m a little shocked that Tony didn’t take over the mob himself… But perhaps Tony didn’t want to or felt he wouldn’t be able to with the company. It was hard on Howard to keep both going without the family getting hurt. It’s something that my father and Howard disagreed about a lot.” Peter nodded.
That seemed to halt the Captain where he was standing. Tony felt the power shift as if it were tangible. Roger’s feet shifted, as did his eyes to a narrowed stare.
“We have a few topics that we want to discuss with you, Merchant.” Roger’s voice spoke above him before he stalked around the table to sit across from him.
“Saved your life. That is keeping the shrapnel that’s left in your chest from reaching your heart.” The CEO looked at his chest again and rubbed just at the edge, but stopped soon after. It was sensitive still.
“Steve?” Peter’s young voice cut through to the mob boss who stared straight at him. “Bucky just walked in… He looks-” Peter wasn’t able to finish his sentence as Steve stormed past, nearly knocking the young boy (man?) from where he stood in the doorway.
Only two lines of text. Tony flipped it over. On the back was the emblem of a shield with a white star in the middle.
“I’m sorry Rhodey,” Tony whispered, putting his head on Rhodey’s shoulder and holding in his uncooperative tears.
The man stood straighter if that was possible when Tony mentioned Howard. Tony never knew that his father had befriended someone just a few years older than him. “My condolences. I didn’t mean to bring up old scars intentionally. But if Howard is dead, who are you?”
“Uh,” He cleared his throat, flipping through the pages and staring at the way the letters braided into each other, just like on the napkins Tony read sweet nothings form every morning. He looked up at the top of the paper, where next to the printed “Name” it read in pretty, oh-so-pretty cursive,
Steve looked up at him through his eyelashes, gave him a small smile, and the smoldering fire in Tony’s chest cooled down a bit.
“Oh, uh,” Tony looked up from the napkin in his hand, trying to hold back the smile, “You tripped and fell in my dream, still laughing at it.” He lied, protectively wrapping his hands around the warm Iron Man mug.
Soon, the water reached Tony’s chest and he distantly noticed how the flow of the water stopped, Friday probably turning it off. Artificial intelligence was quite nice, wasn’t it? Not as nice as Steve, though.
“I don’t either.” Tony replied and took a sip from his own.
“Hey, Tony, hi.” He spoke softly, warmth pooling at Tony’s shoulder where his hand laid, and Tony suddenly realized just how cold the rest of him was. It’s okay, at least his shoulder was warm. He didn’t deserve that warmth though, did he? No, no, of course he didn’t, he didn’t deserve any warmth. Another sob broke free and his head fell in between his shoulders, the muscles of his neck giving up on him, just as everyone else did. “Darling, hi, it’s Steve, it’s me.” Everyone else, but
“I’m fine, Steve!” Tony called out from the bathtub, the sole fact that he was sitting in an empty bathtub in his underwear at 3 in the morning probably not helping his case, “You can go back to bed.” He tried to keep his voice as steady as possible, cleared his throat a couple of times in an attempt to vacuum away the sobs threatening to escape.
He started to watch the team closely, in an attempt to figure out their tells.
He didn’t sit in his usual spot anymore. At some point, he switched over to sitting in the stool next to Tony’s, the monkey and giraffe from their mugs staring at each other, their burned fingertips a breath away from touching.
He looked up at the StarkPad displaying the time that he had perched on top of his coffee-table as a make-shift digital clock (whoever said he wasn’t one for interior design?). It was 9am, anyway, so he might as well be getting up now. That is if he was pretending to be a healthy functioning human being that didn’t spend the last 72 hours in his workshop and fell asleep 3 hours ago on this stupid, unlovable couch.
Tony flipped open the file and looked up at Nick through his eyelashes, taking one final loud sip of his Blueberry Mist smoothie.
“You?” He asked, wondering if the question was added to the list of things that were allowed now.
written all over the scene.
“Good morning, sleepyhead,” Tony broke the silence and Steve felt some of the disappointment dissipating at the raspy sleep-deprived timbre of Tony’s voice, “I made coffee,” he nodded over to the island that Steve was standing in front of, “I hope you don’t mind.”
— no, it was okay, Steve wouldn’t just barge in, Steve respected his privacy, Steve respected
“Yes, sweetheart, it’s Steve. I’m right here. Hey, come here,” He felt Steve gently move his heavy,
God, what was there to respect, anyways? But, alas, his words were gentle, his tone even gentler. And albeit his own protests, Tony felt his muscles relaxing at Steve’s voice. Fuck, why couldn’t he just let Tony fall apart in peace? Stupid Steve. Stupid, wonderful, caring Steve.
“Tell the Captain that I will protect your operation on the docks for that amount, but it will double if he wants protection anywhere else.” Both men stood stock still right then, staring at Tony as if he’d grown a second head. The man just stared back at them, waiting for Clint to take the paper. When no one moved for another few minutes Tony sighed. “Take the offer, Clint. I will take it back if I get any more annoyed.” With that Clint snatched the paper out of Tony’s hand. “Escort him out will you, Loki. I need to sleep.” With that Tony left the two in the living room and rubbed at an oncoming headache.
Just speaking to the guy seemed to jolt him out of his daze. “Can’t say that I was. I was looking for Mr. Stark. I don’t suppose that you know-”
“No… My father stepped out from my family. I moved in with the Barnes when I was young. It's likely under that name.”
“It won’t be easy, Steve. When Hades joins the fight many don’t come back alive.” He could believe it. Getting up on his feet Steve offered a hand to her and they wandered back to the warehouse. Not many of the family slept well that night. Many of them were asleep in cots, at the moment, and trying to get some shut eye before heading out on the town. Bucky was playing cards with Clint.
Bucky stood next to Steve, only towering slightly over Steve as they scanned the area. Rogers took note of each of his members as he looked through the people for Natasha. Barton was looking at a men clothing store window from where Steve was at, but he was sure the marksmen was using the reflection in the window to spot anyone sneaking around. Thor was more obvious about it, but the muscles in his arms were threat enough that people seemed to give the foreign man a wider birth should he decide to strike at anyone suddenly. Rumlow was subtle, drinking coffee and glancing around now and again to get his barring’s. The twins were hung back, laughing with one another over at some ice cream stand. As for Sam, Steve was sure that man was someone in the region keeping tabs on all of them.
“The city is held close, not many people get in or out without someone knowing. Few gangs around here, all of them answer to a mob. Run by a guy called, ‘Merchant of Death’. He runs his operation out of Stark Industries after making a deal with their CEO. Regardless to say he’s got the firepower to keep everyone compliant on the streets.” Everyone was listening in by this point, some of the members tensing up at the news. “He runs a tight ship. Learned from a ‘friend’ that the Merchant doesn’t let other large groups in all that often, and most likely heard about our arrival days before we got here. He’ll probably have men tailing us for a while until we show that we aren’t here to be a threat.”
I started up practice and school these past few weeks. Chapters will come out when I have time to write them.
Running from the cops, same principle. He and Bucky were running along rooftops, evading and stopping often enough that they were sure that the cops didn’t know where they were anymore. Clint and Bucky had been running through a checklist handed to Bucky from Peter, who’d been given it by Steve. It was simple enough, let's scout in this area, don’t get spotted, report back, don’t forget the milk this time D&#^it! Clint still forgot the milk. It was because of this that they had been spotted by the police in the first place. Bucky should have guessed that Clint’s arsenal wasn’t all the way hidden as they would have hoped.
There were tears in the corners of his eyes, but Steve ignored them for the sake of staring at his dead mother’s never-aging face.
“Weakness. You aren’t the man that everyone says that you are. Course he wouldn’t really know that, would he? Bloke probably came from over the river, those Brooklyn and Queens folk don’t know how things are run in these parts.” Tony nodded.
This wasn’t the case with teenagers. “Queens.”
Comments and Kudo's appreciated :)
“The Merchant, I would like to talk with him.” Steve quite possibly couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Peter had been terrified of the man when they had first encountered him. There were times when Steve had been woken up from a nightmare that he’d already find Peter wide awake and staring at the front door of the warehouse. As if the Merchant were about to walk through again.
A smirk played over Tony’s face.
Steve’s face paled.
He waved his hand to the thought.
Eventually Tony shrugged. “I suppose that you haven’t done anything to piss me off, Mr. Barnes.” Then Tony wandered off, taking to leaving the door a jar. Bucky wasn’t sure when he moved, but he hadn’t let the brunette get out of sight.
Anthony Edward Stark.
Tony almost wanted to make a snarky comment about it. But that wasn’t what he wanted to do right now. He wanted to make sure Pepper was okay, be with his best friend as he woke up from his headache that Barnes had surely given him when he knocked Rhodey out.
“Sorry sir, but I just thought you’d like to know that the gang you were talking about… They crossed over into Manhattan. Loki’s keeping an eye on them, but he seemed nervous when he saw who they were.” Tony’s brow creased at that. It was difficult to get the foreign man nervous, Tony knew first hand. It took a lot to get Loki to even agree to join them, much less allow Tony to be the one in charge of what he was doing. For a gang to make Loki nervous was rattling enough.
“JARVIS, patch me through to Loki.”
While Steve stood there Natasha and Sam both walked in, carrying some of the kitchen supplies to make dinner. “We’re making your favorite Steve, want to join in?” Sam had reached the Captain first, but he shook his head.
It wouldn’t be the first time that Tony was asked that question. When he went into the underground as Stark some of the gangs wondered if the Merchant was really true. After all… No one had ever really met the man. “He controls Manhattan. I don’t think you have much to worry about if you’ll just be patient.” Vanko didn’t look convinced, in fact, Tony thinks that he just sped up his patience meter just a smidge.
Rooftop fun. "I'm currently running for my life!"
School is basically kicking my butt, and I will be shocked if I get another chapter out this month with all that I have to do.
“Keep talking like that and I might have to ask you to dinner Barton.” Bucky chuckled with Clint as they walked towards a fire escape.
The Merchant rolled his eyes, rising from the couch to wander back over to where he could refill his scotch.
A lot had happened since the Merchant of Death, Tony Stark, had disappeared from Manhattan for three months. The city, for the most part, was running as smoothly as ever, but there was an edge of weariness to it without its leader. Though Steve and his family were the only ones who really saw that unrest in the darkness that resided in Manhattan. Some of the shady characters that would walk without much care in the world seemed to hunch over by the first month of their boss being missing.
“What?”
I'll try to make it worth your while!
Steve Rogers believed that he knew New York rather well. He’d grown up there most of his life and had only left it when he’d served overseas for the few years of the army lifestyle that he could take. If he was honest it was the letter from Peggy that brought him home. Bucky by that time had already lost his arm in battle and was recovering back in the states. Phillips, his commanding officer, sent him back without a word. Honorable discharge, family reasons. Steve had been relieved and upset with the idea that he was going home with little less than a few scratches and several years of PTSD. Though he would never forget his battle with Schmidt.
“Tell that to the folks who were chasing some of your boys around downtown. The Merchant had to explain a few things to the cops to keep it low key.” The man watched as the younger escorted Loki back towards him. “It doesn’t matter now though. You have your warning, next time you’ll lose an eye, then well be back to sharing beers by Wednesday. Same loop as it will ever be with him.” The three made way for the exit.
(See the end of the chapter for
Kudo's and comments appreciated!
“You can’t solve everything with this reckless violence, Tones. They’ll kill you if you don’t get yourself under control.” Rhodey, a voice of reason and the one person who Tony could see never double crossing him. So, Tony had stopped, only pulling the trigger himself when he saw it necessary. Twice so far.
“I beg to differ.”
Tony grinned even more darkly before throwing the shirt over his chest and walking back over to the desk to get started on the machine that would help him escape from this Hellhole.
The man’s hand was bleeding profusely. The gun had fallen to the ground, and he seemed to be struggling to stop the blood flow. “KaжeToя, я BaC HeдooдeHH.” Bucky recognized the language. He knew it… Because Natasha taught him.
What's this? Not a months wait?
Next update, Saturday!
There was a curdling feeling in Steve’s stomach at the thought of Peter meeting up with such a dangerous man, but he didn’t plan to leave him alone with Tony. He would never put Peter in harm's way like that. But Steve only got to wonder what it was that the boy wanted to possibly talk with the Merchant of Death about.
Steve put the clip into his pocket then. “I’m brighter than I look.”
Cursing again Tony tried to coax the other man awake. Slapping his face just light enough that it wouldn’t cause more damage. To think that Tony would have loved for that to be the case just a few months ago. Before Stane. Before Hammer. Before his company decided to try and freeze him out.
Tony was drunk when they happened so he couldn’t recall the names, but in his haze, he could remember that they were important to some other gang in Manhattan. It was to keep his family safe. They were necessary… So why did he wake up in sweat at the vague memory of their scared faces? The blood splattering over the concrete. The final screams of two dying men. Tony didn’t know why.
Steve decides enough is enough. Tony reflects on his life choices and strikes a deal.
“I say another five minutes then we take off. We shouldn’t stick around here longer than we should.” Neither moved. But Clint silently agreed. “Steve is going to be so pissed,” Bucky muttered after a minute. “I saw your holster, I just didn’t think about what the people around us would think. It was probably one of the Merchant’s men that really noticed it though. I don’t think some mother would have seen your holster and thought twice about it.”
There was a lot of flashes when Tony first walked in. Those weren’t what stopped Tony in his tracks. In front of him, standing like he owned the ground underneath his feet, stood Steve Rogers. Military uniform and Bucky Barnes in tandem wearing his own uniform. Both were staring at him as if he were a piece of meat that was theirs for the taking. Tony stared them down, hackles rising as they seemed to almost grin at seeing him walk in. “Tony, press conference is over here.” Obie’s voice felt like it was coming in through water. Tony didn’t remember moving but he was at a podium the next thing that he knew.
“Look. Just give me a little bit of time. No need to get all trigger happy.” Tony put up a sheepish grin, putting up hands though that seemed to anger Vanko more so he put them down. His fingers twitched, again. “J…” Tony called out to his AI who made his presence known by flicking on the television. JARVIS wasn’t going to risk Tony getting shot by speaking. Many mob bosses didn’t react well to JARVIS suddenly speaking. Tony liked to link the 2002 incident to how fast his draw was against a boss who had cornered Tony in his office downstairs. He still had a scar from where the guy had gotten a lucky hit. “Tell Pepper to look through the V files.” The television flickered off, so Tony took that as it meant.
His hands shook only a little as he stepped away from Vanko. From his coat, Vanko pulled out a gun with a silencer on the end of the barrel. He cursed his luck this week and put down the projections. “I don’t keep those files here,” Tony whispered, looking from the gun to Vanko and back. If Tony knew how fast that Vanko shot he might rick grabbing for his own handgun, but didn’t he just say to himself in the elevator that he wasn’t going to shoot anyone today?
She was silent for a while, not speaking until a solid five minutes passed. “When I went to Manhattan’s mall today, there was a little girl who was buying a pair of ballet shoes. It… It made me remember.” Steve nodded.
Hopeful update for sometime next week!
Setting his blow torch down Tony gave his full attention. “Deciding to skip Manhattan? But I thought we were getting along so well.” Tony had no doubt that Barnes had told Roger’s the moment that he’d gotten back. Wouldn’t that have been a conversation to be a fly on the wall. How freaked had Roger’s been? Tony would pay millions just a for a photo of his face. “Doesn’t matter I suppose, that should be a message to the other gangs of Manhattan. Don’t mess with the Merchant.” There was a smirk going across Tony’s face as he went back to his current project.
“At least you remember how to keep your barrel clean for once.” Was all that Bruce muttered as they were pulling into the private parking garage at the tower. Tony tried not to take offense to Bruce’s tone about his… other job.
“That’s what one of my secretaries told me, but I want your first name.”
Tony swore that he felt the reactor skip slightly, jolting some of the shrapnel closer to his heart. Tears pricked the edges of Tony’s eyes, but he wiped them away before they would even dare try to fall.
Rising back to his feet Steve opened his mouth to speak, but the gun cocking behind him stopped them all. Turning around slowly Steve took in the stance of Rumlow, gun trained on the kid on the ground. “I’m sure Hell wouldn’t mind taking you in then?” Barnes stepped in front of the barrel, blocking the man’s shot.
Vanko wasn’t going to be happy. After a little bit, Tony allowed his eyes to harden, glaring lightly at the man before him, bringing himself back up to full height. Vanko didn’t seem perturbed and went back to the bar, downing another shot of vodka, still with the gun trained for Tony. “The Merchant, is he all that powerful?”
The tears were back. Tony willed them away and picked up the soldier once more.
“I don’t doubt that you meant the best for the family, Obie. I know that you care about the family. It’s why I keep you around.” With that Tony rose to his feet, rubbing at his temples. His thoughts were all muddled. He needed to lie down. “I’m going back up, Obie. Hit the lights on your way out.”
“No, but he’s better. It’s why I don’t try to take over.” Natasha frowned at him but nodded nonetheless.
“O-okay… Are you sure?” Rhodey nodded and started for the exit.
“Probably a mix like us by now, but yeah. Their head is still Italian from what Nat says.” Anything that Natasha found was probably reliable if Steve was going to be honest. The woman was too terrifying to lie to. “You knew their head before the war, right? I thought you’d mentioned him once or twice.”
“Let me take you home, at least tell father yourself that you are safe here.”
“Why I’m the mayor of this land. Its king. I’m the Merchant of Death.” Air stopped flowing through the room. Steve was sure that he’d heard every small breath that his family members were taking. The man turned away from Steve suddenly, walking over to a crate that held close to nothing inside of it besides a few guns should any of their own go to crap. “Shocked? I’m sure. You see I don’t get out much, but when Tony mentioned that he was looking up the name Barnes I had to check it for myself. It’s not often that a name from the Irish Mob pops up in Manhattan. Your lot tends to keep your tails tucked away in Brooklyn where my guns can’t reach you.”
Steve opened another bag before sighing. “Hydra won’t find us here, Buck. I made sure of it. As for Schmidt, I don’t know how that man survived. I faced him at the docks, he was going to shoot Peggy and next thing I know I shot the son of a gun right in the chest. I saw him fall into the harbor. He shouldn’t be alive.”
“Loki wouldn’t say, just that he wants to know your opinion.” Tony nodded, sighing softly as to not aggravate his chest further. The reactor in his chest limited his oxygen intake already enough, he didn’t need this to make it worse. “Will you be alright? Maybe go upstairs, sleep a little bit? I’ll even stay with you if you don’t want to be alone.” The offer was tempting and Tony almost jumped at the idea of going to bed with someone that he trusted entirely.
Tony walked past them to his elevator. It would lead to his office and he wouldn’t have to worry about them seeing Loki sneak in to take the stairs. “I apologize Captain. We hadn’t had much luck on finding it. I’m fearful that it will be in my father’s paper files, and there are stacks upon stacks of those.”
Steve nodded again. “Howard. Nice guy if you got around the fact that when I first met him I was about ten, and he’d offered me a scotch while pointing a gun at a still warm dead body.” Meeting Howard when he did was a complete accident. The leader of their family was going over to Manhattan to discuss with Howard about a trading deal. He’d brought Steve along to pacify Howard, hoping that he wouldn’t get too violent. That went out the door quickly, but regardless it seemed to work. Howard liked Steve, in a son sort of way that seemed odd.
Tony wanted to spit in his smug face. Barnes was grinning at Tony from ear to ear. His hands were out in front of him, not bound per Roger’s request, but he was told to keep them where Roger’s could see them.
“What’s your social security number?” The man opened his mouth, closed it, opened it. Pepper left without another word. So, Tony went to the meetings. He would emphasize MEETINGS. More than one. Tony wanted to gouge out his eyeballs than hear another word about stock prices or mispronunciation of ‘supposedly’.
Steve didn’t understand entirely what was happening between the two brothers. If he were being honest he’d let Loki go. The man had only thrown the knives in warning, something that anyone with their background would have done to show that they were with the powerhouse of the area.
They sat there for a few moments, taking in the glow of the morning. How the sun barely peaked out over the skyscrapers and other business buildings that were a part of Manhattan. “This city is toxic,” Steve stated rather bluntly. Pulling his knees up to his chest, curling his arms around his knees. “I can tell that there is an air about this place that reeks of drug usage and arms dealings. I know that Brooklyn has a lot of that too, but this place breaths it in without a second thought. It’s like that friend who gets you started on Cigarettes and booze and doesn’t feel an inch of remorse for it.”
“I’m about as shocked that it’s working as you are.” Tony looked back to their mediocre mirror and smirked at his own reflection. When he stared into his own eyes he noticed the desire. The rage that was burning in his pupils.
Deadpool Cameo!
Tony bit his bottom lip.
Steve wiped his eyes. “I won’t lose to him… I won’t.”
“Huh?”
Steve glanced at the kid. He wondered what Peter enjoyed doing. Roger’s could only guess that the kid felt supremely bored and out of it. Everyone around him was a lot older besides the twins, but even they were closer to upper classmen than freshmen. Steve opened his mouth but shut it just as fast when Clint slammed through the doorway.
I apologize... I've had a busy couple of weeks. I was mostly done with this chapter then I was working a lot and having to get ready for vacation.
A can of worms that Tony didn’t like to touch with a ten-foot pole. It was repressed memories that didn’t show up unless he was majorly pissed off, or in the mood to shoot something. What did that say about him in this moment?
“I see. Well, I can look into adult ballet classes if you want, or you could find a studio if you want to practice on your own. You don’t have to avoid something that you like just because you work for me.” Steve swore he saw the hair of a smile, but there wasn’t much else that gave away from Natasha physically.
He looked over at Natasha, whose head was resting on Clint’s shoulder. He was sure that she could see Clint’s cards, she’d likely win. “I didn’t get bored, just decided that maybe we stop letting the Merchant walk over us. We used to have a truce with them, I’d be willing to try for one with him. Howard fell out with Barnes for some reason…” Bucky seemed to stiffen at the mentioning of Howard again, but relaxed seconds later.
“The F$*&…” Both men stopped staring at the man who clambered up the fire escape, cutting them off and glaring at them. “Who the f#&$ are you?”
To everyone who is waiting for an update. You’ll hopefully be getting one by the end of this week.
Silence washed over them again, slightly awkward though Steve could tell it was only because Peter was still wound with tension. The mob boss tapped his finger against the table after a while and sighed. “We aren’t going to hurt you, Peter, I hope that you’ll see that. In fact, I want to ask you to join the family.” Peter’s hard stare was the only thing that greeted Steve back. It made Steve wonder how many people had opened their homes to him, only for them to burn him in the end. “We would all protect you. Teach you the ropes. I could get you into a school in Brooklyn that would suit a kid like you.”
how you offering your family to me doesn’t seem like a raven's warning.” Steve supposed that the kid had a point.
There was silence between them for a while, but then soft chuckles emitted from the Russian’s direction. “I should have guessed it sooner… How naïve the people of Manhattan are to allow their city to be controlled by Rasputin.” The man glanced up to Tony with a feral grin on his face. “Italian. Wealthy. Your father held the position of leader for years before you. Howard wouldn’t raise a coward.”
Manhattan, New York. It was large, held tall buildings, and it was sure to capture anyone that walked its streets. People milled about without much care, talking on cell phones or just walking down the road to a cab or work. People were what Manhattan was meant to store. People lived when they were there. They didn’t think about anything else other than living. It’s what Tony admired about Manhattan, why he didn’t set up shop anywhere else. The livelihood of Manhattan has that spark that fueled the Stark into believing that he could conquer anything that he thought he could.
“I believe the Merchant expressed how upset he would be should you go against his orders.” Thor was suddenly punched to the side, away from Loki. The smaller, darker man seemed to smirk at the sight and rose to greet whoever had arrived. A man in a red coat and with a butt ton of ammo stood in front of Loki. His face was obscured with a mask, and if Steve was gauging his height correctly he wasn’t much older than Peter.
I know it isn't Saturday, but I was already on chapter 4 when I decided that I would give you guys a new chapter.
Clint made a hurt sound, but he didn’t argue with it. The milk was still sitting on the grocery store floor where Clint had dropped it running from the officer that had held a gun towards him. Bucky had been smart to get them out when he did. Clint might have gotten them on the Merchant’s radar by accident. “Maybe Steve shouldn’t put grocery items on the list next time.” It wasn’t reasonable considering where they were from, though. The grocers knew them in Brooklyn. They weren’t troubled by the sight of Clint with a gun like the people were in Manhattan. The Merchant may sell guns here, but he didn’t seem to fire them all that often in the public eye. The man was a shadow to these people, they didn’t see him and he kept doing business under the table without their knowledge. In all honesty, it probably made the Merchant’s job all the easier. No one knew his face. Anyone could be him and they would never know. “I just want to get back to the safe house. Sitting out here is making my skin crawl.” Bucky nodded in agreement with him. After the Merchant visited them it wasn’t just Steve who was on edge. Everyone who had seen the exchange, minus Nat who was out getting intel, had been offset by what the man could seemingly do with only his presence.
She grabbed his arm quickly. “Not here.” She murmured before taking them to his office, shutting the door and telling JARVIS to keep everyone else out.
disappearance after the press conference.”
Bruce.
speticwolfwriter
“Where are we?”
A grin seemed to become permanent on Tony’s face as the man went into a more fighter’s ready stance. “Grant. Grant Rogers.”
Tony was quick across the room, slamming the door but he wasn’t quick enough to stop the two men from entering, aiming their guns at him. Tony froze. Rhodey had his gun drawn and so did Pepper. Tony wasn’t holding a gun. For once he wasn’t holding the gun. The Merchant within felt vulnerable, exposed. “What do you want?” Tony growled, eyes never leaving the two men who were trained on him.
Please forgive all the stupid crap and bad jokes within this text.
Tony's got them scared.
“He isn’t entirely out of the know when it comes to keeping his mouth shut. Though I probably should have asked Logan instead, but he was already drunk and I didn’t think that I had the patience to try and tell him what to do.” Tony knew that Loki was probably right. He didn’t like explaining anything to a drunk Logan either. “Besides, if they see Wilson I doubt they’ll try anything. He knocked Thor on his A$% with a single punch. They all looked as if they were going to crap themselves.” Tony laughed heartedly along with Loki. He could imagine Wilson, 17-year-old Wilson, throwing punches at men that were over twice his size.
Tony shook his head, bringing his hands away from where hidden guns were on his person. He wasn’t going to shoot anyone while Bruce was there. Nope.
What's up, Nat?
“Jez, you’re a pretty intense little dude.” Clint was leaning against his bow staring at Peter. “Burn the place to Hell then thinking that some confessional is going to just keep it all under wraps? What sort of fantasy are you living in?”
“Mr. Stark. I know that it’s been a while, but I was hoping that I could talk with you about my family and I staying here. I know that when we last met our families didn’t end on very friendly terms, but I still had that card you’d given me before we’d left. I thought I’d give it a shot.” Tony’s brow creased. The man behind him didn’t sound young, but he wasn’t old either. This man knew his father…
“Tony, I’m telling you now as your only reminder that you have two more meetings to get to today. You’ll need the blue suit for your meeting at 2 and your white jacket for the second meeting at 4. Each of these men holds… interest for what you’re talking about building and you need their approval before you can start the testing phase. Don’t insult them, don’t even make small talk. If you botch this you’re looking at another contract down the drain and another meeting with Obadiah that will go on longer than the half-hour meetings that you’ve been having with him lately.” Tony grimaced at the thought of those meetings going on longer than he liked.
“Third bag today. I was wondering why Sam was asking where the duct tape was at. Howard not as friendly as you remember?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Obie took off, but not without another curse and a promise to be back the next day to try and talk to Tony about it again. Tony hoped that he got hit by a bus before then. The CEO sighed when he heard the door close. “Don’t think I’ve ever seen him so upset with you, Tones.” Tony glanced at his best friend.
Thank you for the kudos!
Tony didn’t recall any company documents under that name. Tony made a small noise before shaking his head.
“He should listen next time.” He saw the faint look of a smirk on Nat’s face before it went away and the same cold mask replaced it.
There some unexpected stuff happening with Tony, and he doesn't deal with head pain well.
“I keep getting this vibe that you’re upset.”
No other name listed. Just his last name. “Pep… Care to elaborate.”
Steve rose to his feet, sighing. “I see nothing that I’m saying is getting through to you. Perhaps I’ll return and you can consider this more thoroughly.” He went for the door, but not before realizing his mistake. The gun cocked behind him.
“You aren’t that bright, are you?” Tony murmured, Steve turned slowly to stare at The Merchant of Death. Steve held up the clip over his shoulder. Tony glanced at the gun and put the gun down.
“I think that Wilson is good enough to leave to do that. They’re stupid, don’t change their hideout, and barely ever leave the more that we confront them. They’ll be underground before you know it.” Loki returned the glasses to his face, though left his drink alone. Tony clambered in himself, picking up the latte and taking a sip. It was gross but Tony needed the pick me up.
- “Barton says Boom !” They all said in unison, smiling at their card.
- “Like I need the car.” Tony rolled his eyes. “Fine. I’ll bet the car. Once again, it’s not like I’m going to lose anything.”
Take care !
- “You’re not. Stop boasting.” Steve was glaring at him.
- “Rogers. I spent a full dollar on this. Will you go on the worst date with me ? You have to say yes.” He wiggled his brows. Steve tried to look at Bruce for a way out. Bruce only shook his head, smiling softly.
Back at it again !
- “At least you finished early. Gives you enough time to go change for my thanksgiving diner.”
- “Your bag is 70% nuts…”
(See the end of the chapter for
- “Tony I..” Steve was actually blinking in confusion, like he hadn’t watched his descent in hell the last few weeks.
- “Stop it. Just wear a damn tie !”
- “Learn to drive stick.” He laughed, at the face Tony made. He had actually no idea what he would have done with it. In any case, he had lost.
- “Nope, going to cut you there Rogers, it’s a garbage holiday that I don’t even celebrate, but someone-” He glared at Fury who acted like nothing was going on. “Decided that I had to go. Team spirit and all. So I’m going, but I won’t “dress up”. He smiled. “In fact, it’s quite dumb to dress up. The whole purpose of it is to eat, so we should just wear sweatpants.”
- “Aha, sorry Steve, I didn’t hear you over the sound of your
- “Updates. Any progress ?” He smirked. And watched as Steve took a handful of peanuts and threw them in the air, caughting by miracle 2 of them. He laughed. “You’re terrible.”
- “Fine. Let’s bet the car, against a date.” Tony rose a brow, challenging.
- “Barton asks me for help... “ Steve only answered, ticking another box off.
- “Alright I don’t want to hear more of that nonsense. Dismissed.” Fury said before strolling out the room. Grimacing, Tony was getting up when Rogers went all up in his personnal space.
- “Keep it in your pants, Darcy.” Bruce laughed, getting seated. They all did.
Hey!!
- “I don’t want your voodoo magic, Barton, especially since it won’t work.” He groaned. Fuck his day.
- “See ? They’re here ! We can eat !”
- “When are we eating ?” Clint whined from the couch. Natasha and Bruce ticked another box off their bingo. Clint was always hungry.
- “I know.”
He finished his little speech by crossing his arm, and really pouting like a child. Sometimes Bruce wondered how he hadn’t gone mad because of his colleagues before.
- “Uh. I think it’s a 50 way-tie. Last girl I got out with cried when I said I was a gemini so…”
- “You haven't won yet, Stark.”
- “Good work.” Tony said, smiling.
-”So.. Steve. Do you take your dates up here on the first night ?” Darcy asked, with her weird “I’m mocking you but you don’t have proof so you have to keep up with it but the blow will come sooner than later”.
(See the end of the chapter for
- “Ah !” He said, jumping on his feet with renewed vigour. “Boom !”
- “Like you’re better, Barton.” Rogers muttered.
He got back to Steve.
- “Stark, how are we in all of you opened cases ?” Fury asked, looking part annoyed at him, part grateful for having the opportunity of annoying him in front of the team.
- “You don’t have to…”
- “Always.” He grabbed one peanut too, and threw it toward Steve. He missed really bad. “You’re very, really, lame.” He laughed. Steve did too. He was about to throw another one when his phone rang. “I’ll just get that.. Practice.” He got up to answer.
I view this fic as "pure fun", we know where this is going, there won't be any fun and most of the dialogues/scenes I take straight out of the show, so I guess I wasn't in any hurry to get back to it, so I don't think it's truly terrible to let it go for months without update but I'm still sorry, especially to those who subscribed.
- “Hey !” Dear, Steve was blushing. Natasha almost snorted. “I like vintage..” He added, with somewhat of guilt lacing in his voice.
- “Ouch.” It seemed genuine. The silence started again, when some movements was made toward their target.
- “Alright. Winner’s the one with the most felony arrest. Good luck.”
- “He said YES !” Tony said, getting up and throwing the box at him. Everyone laughed and clapped.
- “That’s not happening..” He couldn’t lose. He couldn’t go on a date with Stark.
- “What did Fury want ?”
- “You can’t ruin Pilgrim’s day like that.” Whined Clint (like the other four year old that he was, Steve would also say.)
- “Five… Four… Three..” Began counting down Stark, looking at his watch with the biggest grin. The whole squad assembled, and Clint even bringed the board where the score had been updated.
He rushed in with a guy in handcuffs.
- “Oh c’mon, Tony..” Darcy said, looking at the scattered paper.
- “Hey Bruce. Glad to see you have made it out on this outing. Sorry to not be able to stay, I have a terrible night for Steve scheduled so…”
- “You done ?” He looked at his friend. “What you just said is kind of a dumb story. The joy of being an adult is that you can make a family. And don’t you dare look at me with those eyes-” He stopped Tony before he could even try. “I’m not talking about a wife and kids and the whole picket fence deal. I’m saying you can choose your family. Your friends can be your family, dumbass. And I think some of us really want to have you in theirs.” He pushed Tony lightly.
- “No one had Barton fall on his ass or anything close to that ?” Tony asked, looking at everyone shaking his head.”
(Not a doctor !)
- “Rogers.”
Today was the day. Today was everything he had been waiting for. Today was the end of the bet. He proudly marched into the bullpen, when Steve stopped him. God, the tension was unreal. That didn’t stop him though, and he smirked to his heart’s content.
I hope you like it !! Part 2 will be posted tomorrow :)
- “You can just say it, if you wanna call him daddy.” Darcy said.
- “It could be worse.” Said gently Bruce, patting his shoulder. “Why is your shirt wet, Tony ?” He frowned.
- “Alright fine, you know what ? This is over !” Tony almost yelled. “Say goodbye to the ring and everything it represents !” And he threw the box away. He heard the two guys gasp.
Bruce took his reward in the form of Tony blushing, sputtering in denial, and finally obeying, in a sulking silence. Bless the small mercy.
- “Finally listened to you.” Tony said, throwing his hands up in a mock-surrender.
“ He had the balls to wink at him. God.
- “Yes.” He muttered.
Okay first, I'm sorry it took me so long to upload again. I was focused on my other fanfics, I finished one and went on to work on 2 others, one that I published and the other still in the drawers, but yeah.
- “Alright, so mh… We can maybe skip the toasts since we’ve been waiting..”
- “Sure, Clint.” Bruce said, calmly. Even him was participating. It doesn’t hurt anyone, he said, when everyone had looked surprised when he asked for a card.
Take care !
- “Idiot ?!”
- “You know why we’re out here in the middle of the night, Grant ?!” Tony put so much emphasis on Grant, Steve regretted telling him his middle name. “I was going to propose to you !” He almost yelled, taking a ring box out of his pocket. If Steve hadn’t been this focused, he would have asked why the hell he had that on him. Instead, he gasped. “On the Manhattan Bridge where we met !”
- “Wait look.” Tony stopped laughing, and pointed at the truck who had just pulled out. “We need to get close, to arrest them.”
- “What ?” Clint frowned, and tried to take a peek at what was on the sheet on his desk. “What’s that ?”
- “You’re benched Stark.” Was all Fury said, before he could even sit properly at his desk the day after.
- “Because a fucking pigeon pooped on me and I had to rinse it off !”
That’s why he liked him after all.
- “That’s right, oh no, I w-.. Oh no, why aren’t you worried ? You should be worried !”
- “Natasha !” Tony protested. “It’s cheating to reveal the game ! You should be cut out !”
He left the office quickly, and threw a look at Steve, who was just glaring at him.
- “And don’t forget your toast. What are you thankful for, Stark ?”
It was the worst day in existence for Steve. In his humble opinion. (Okay, maybe he was exaggerating, but not by much.) And watching Tony laughed and dance like a dork wasn’t adorable, it was just the worst.
- “Nothing.” Tony cried, almost throwing himself onto the desk to protect the paper from view (like a four year old child, Steve would say).
- “You can’t bet your car !” Clint whined. “It’s too beautiful to be in the hands of Steve, I saw you drive !”
- “Shirt and tie. It’s non-negociable. Even Natasha’s going to make an effort.”
- “Nah. I’m not going to kill my favorite co-worker, I’m not a savage.”
(See the end of the chapter for
- “Hey there pal.” The voice of Clint broke him out of his misery for a short break. “You don’t look so good today.”
- “It’s a tie, so far.” He crossed his arms.
(See the end of the chapter for
- “Being one of the dates in said car.” Steve shrugged. And okay, hurtful. A bit.
- “Well. It’s getting promising… I should be done with some fairly soo-”
They shook hands. Steve had a mean grip. But Tony simply winked.
- “Uh, you’re not supposed to be here…” The guy tried to stop them.
- “What ?!”
Btw, if Tony 99% Jake, Steve 99% Amy, Fury 98% obviously Holt, Darcy 99% Gina and Natasha 100% Rosa, Clint and Bruce are a bit of a mix between Boyle and Sarge. Depends on what I'm feeling, on the quote, and if it fits. Hope it isn't too bad !
- “I do not like Steve !” He groaned, because oh my god, why did he have to say that outloud ? “See you later Bruce !” He got up and left. This was ridiculous.
Hey ! Here we are with thanksgiving !
- “Don’t worry about it. I’ll drive.” He smiled, muttered an apology to Steve and without letting anyone think too much, they were off.
- “Can’t you just.. Get another car ?”
- “At the present ? Nothing really.” He glared at Steve, who only smiled.
- “An advice pal, don’t go in there. He’s pissed off.”
- “And what’s the worst thing for you, Steve ?” Darcy drawled, amused by the whole situation. She was amused by pretty much everything, anyway.
- “The fuck is Barton Bingo ?” Clint was looking dumb founded.
- “No, stop it. There’s something more. If you just didn’t like it, you wouldn’t piss off your friends who just ask you to stay with them for a nice meal. So spill, Stark, before I really lose my cool.”
- “What do you want now, Rogers ?” The other man sing-songed.
- “Yes, Clint, we can eat…” Steve trailed off, coming out of the kitchen and blinking while seeing Tony. God, he had it bad.
- “It’s for good luck ! You rub it, yeah ? Like so.” He made a show of it. “And your luck’s going to improve.”
Everything was fine. They danced the awful Titanic jig, and only stopped because Steve was starting to look a little green. He offered him a cheap martini, and they were about to leave for the restaurant, when they got the call from Fury. They had to go do some surveillance, since one of their cases needed immediate attention and Fury “did not care for your stupid bet, Stark, that’s an order” so. Yeah. He was a bit fuming, but still. Their job was the priority. They parked, in a good view point of the drop off that was supposed to happen later tonight. It was a companionable silence between them (Okay, he was sulking, but still), when Steve opened his mouth.
- “Pen !” In his face, yes ! “Chair !” He grabbed the one just vacated by Clint and threw it at his legs. “Darcy’s desk !” He made a mess of the papers lying around on said desk.
- “Fine ! You’re just a big group of assholes.” He went to sit, huffing and puffing, and missed his chair. He looked kind of stupid, there, on the floor, but no one was too worried. He was a good cop, sure. While he was working, he was precise and almost lethal. But when he wasn’t, sometimes Clint was just that. Stupid. And kind of clumsy.
- “Wasn’t going to.” Money was a touchy subject for him. Not that Rogers would know anything about it. “I’ll bet whatever, ‘cause I just know already I’ll win.” He smirked at him.
- “There’s a point, it’s a nice holiday, we’re all having a nice team diner…”
Tony was annoying the shit out of him tonight. And he tried, tried again to not snap, but after a while of Tony trying to find excuses to prolong their little case (stolen money from the evidence lock), Bruce snapped.
- “Stop.. Stop doing that Natasha, I already told you-”
- “Never.” He shook his head, trying to look at Bruce, their referee, for him to maybe stop the thing, but he only looked amused.
- “You can’t do that !”
- “No, I know we’re lost ! I think you’re an idiot !” He said, sharp while pointing at Tony without looking at him.
Tony slumped against his desk, again. The desk across him was Steve’s. He watched him work at his computer for 2 minutes, before realizing. He suddenly got up and pointed at Steve.
- “I have Barton says gobble gobble gobble on my card.”
- “They need me back at the precinct, something just came up.”
- “Fine. Apologies accepted.” He took a donut, and bit with delight. Tony always bringed the best. “So. Is your bad luck stream ended ?”
- “Don’t pout.” Natasha said. “We’re playing Barton Bingo.”
- “My boyfriend here thinks we’re lost-” he said, gesturing toward Steve. He cut him quickly.
- “Hanw, too bad, I wanted to do one.” Tony laughed.
But right when they were about to toast to thanksgiving (with a sour-looking Tony), Bruce’s phone went off. He went to pick up, and came back a minute later.
- “Captain, can I talk to you ?” Fury nodded and they went into his office. But as soon as the door was closed, he cut Tony out of all hopes.
That had been a year ago. And today, it was going to end.
- “Yeah, Natasha’s too scary, Steve’s too righteous, Bruce’s too nice, and Coulson and Fury are my bosses so…”
- “No, no wait !” Clint raised his hands. “I may not kill you, but I may end up your bad luck. Here, take the rabbit foot.”
- “To apologize.” He pushed the box toward him, like he was making a point. When Steve raised his eyebrows expectantly, he sighed but continued. “I shouldn’t have said you were a virgin and that you did voodoo on me.” He shrugged and looked somewhere else than in Steve’s eyes. Knowing Tony, it was almost a damn miracle he had even said the words “sorry”.
The device that was now in his chest… It was a miracle. Tony ditched the battery the moment it was operating. The Arc Reactor. Tony didn’t think that his mind could surprise him again but it was truly a masterpiece. “You are a very impressive man Mr. Stark.” Tony glanced back at the other man, who was slowly becoming a great friend to him and smiled.
Steve's upset. Peter's a part of the family. Tony is up early again... Why did the Merchant show up?
Some gray haired, gray eyed, round bellied man was speaking at the moment, and Tony’s fingers were twitching for the inside of his coat.
“My flight leaves, in two hours. I tend to check in an hour early… You better hope your – Pepper- is fast at what she does.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve shook his head. “We don’t lead normal lives, Buck. People threaten to shoot each other all the time… Not many actually go through with it with little remorse.” There was a silence that followed them at that point. Bucky seemed to look away, back towards the hideout. When his right hand didn’t say anything further Steve felt the need to sigh. “So… The mob that runs this place. Is it still the Italian’s?”
They weren’t but 3 steps away when a beam crashed and blocked their exit. Effectively trapping them within the warehouse, ready to be burned alive and served with a side of ketchup once they were done and found by the police. Charred up men who were too young to really know a thing about how the world worked. “MotherF*#$@#!” Tony yelled, dropping Steve once more to try and kick at the beam. This wasn’t how he wanted to end.
He took the elevator down to the lab floor, punching in a code before allowing the elevator to move. Tony had JARVIS hooked up to the tower already, but there was something about the manual means of getting to his workspace that made Tony feel as if he were in his favorite spy movie. It was real James Bond type that made Tony keep the number punching code.
Tony could believe it. Thanks, Yinsen.
Peter stared at the ground for a good minute. Steve considered going back to his paperwork until the boy spoke, but he assumed that Peter would take that as a dismissal so he held back. “Steve, I… I would like to go and visit with the Merchant.” The Mob boss blinked.
He shook his head. “I’m afraid that I have several of my secretaries looking for this file. If I can’t find it I’m afraid that you’ll be out of luck.” He noticed Steve bite his lip, though Tony didn’t make a show that he noticed, nor did he acknowledge the light tremor deep in his gut at the sight.
Tony felt the grin come over his face before he rose to his feet once more and stretched. “Big Green coming back so soon? I would have thought he’d research longer. Suppose he missed us too much, huh?” There was a fond look on Pepper’s face once Tony turned away, flicking away some of the files that held more of the information of the other family members.
Peter liked the late-night events well enough. The warehouse was quiet, just like it had been for the past two weeks that he’d been with the family. Sometimes one of the other members would be awake, but most of the time it was only Peter. Tonight, was different.
Rightfully so. Anything that Justin created was subpar and not up to the standards that the military was spoiled with when the product came from SI. Tony could tell that Justin, though intelligent, wasn’t going to go far in the business world with his half-baked coding and easily hacked software. (Tony won’t admit it if asked directly if asked about the latter fact.)
But she still walks away.
(See the end of the chapter for
When the first soldier reached him Tony nearly wept when he noticed that it was Rhodey who seemed almost close to tears himself. “Next time, you’re riding with me.” Then Tony was hugged, hugged harder than he’d ever been in his life.
“No one was alive, Mr. Stark. They were all dead, and I was afraid I was going to be next but I didn’t die… I didn’t. Though I had tough luck with all of my family dying around me.” Peter’s voice seemed quieter. “I… I want justice for my friend, Harry, Mr. Stark. Steve is kind, and I’m grateful for what he’d provided for me thus far, but… He wouldn’t go to the lengths that you would. He doesn’t want to kill anyone unless they’re a threat to the family.”
The piano stopped, and from the pizza that was sitting out on the table, Tony could only guess why the man was here at all. Obie seemed to narrow his eyes at Tony for a moment before sighing. “Sunglasses weren’t meant for use indoors, Tony.”
Peter looked up when Steve spoke and shrugged. “This is the third time that I’ve taken it out and put it all away again. Guess I don’t want to leave anything.” Peter’s voice was strained, though Steve could tell that it was out of obvious fear. Steve felt awful for what he was putting this boy through. He hadn’t asked to be a part of their crazy life, especially since he’d just gotten out of his with his foster family.
“I am not going to Afghanistan! If I have to tell you again I’ll make sure that I’ll only let you talk to JARVIS.” Tony thought about having his AI end the phone call there, but he stuck around for a moment. It was enough apparently.
He knew that it wasn’t reasonable. For a while, Rhodey had to quell Tony’s blood lust after his father’s ‘accidental’ death. Tony was sure that it was that week alone that earned him the title ‘Merchant of Death’.
Pepper didn’t seem at all phased by the outburst. “What are you going to do? He’s seen your face. You can’t go after him.”
“Tony, I want you to know, I only want what is best for you. What is best for this company.” He gave Tony a small smile, one that Tony would have associated with his father when he actually acknowledged Tony when there was a time that Tony thought his father loved him for being his son, not some
” Tony groaned at Obie’s statement. Why was this his life right now with his right-hand man?
Tony thought to the numbers that he and Roger’s had exchanged. Tony had given Roger’s one of his other numbers that went to a secure phone. “He and I will be setting that up momentarily,” Tony stated, standing up and relaxed his posture when he stared out at the New York skyline.
“You made a truce with him?! With the IRISH MOB?!?! Are you nuts Tony?” Obie’s voice carried throughout the house, making Tony push back into his couch with a sigh. Rhodey and Pepper were also present, but that didn’t matter to Obie as he ripped Tony open with his words. “Tony, they’ll take over Manhattan. The Italian Mob and the Irish Mob don’t get along for a reason. We always are going after the territory of the other. It wasn’t until your father that they kept their pasty white a$$#$ in Brooklyn.” Tony took a sip of his scotch though it didn’t do much to make him feel better.
He noticed the strain that seemed to come off of the right-hand man. “Why is Steve out here now?” Peter wanted to slap his hand over his mouth, he hadn’t meant to ask that but Bucky seemed amused enough.
When Rhodey spoke again, it was serious.
“They’ve already started up a sale/trade on the docks. They’re going to be known by everyone by the end of the month. Everyone will know that the Irish Mob is doing business in Manhattan. Soon enough they’ll start to question if you’re really in charge or not, Tony.” If glass were easy to break Tony is sure it would be shattered in his hand.
“Could have missed. Might have been able to drag himself to shore. Either way, someone put out a request for your head on a platter. You can’t be seen in Brooklyn, none of us can, until either we find Schmidt and end it this once and for all, or we all die in blazing glory.” Steve hoped it didn’t have to come to that while they were hiding out in Manhattan.
It was almost fascinating how quickly that Tony saw the anger shift in her face. “I told them that last time and your face became plastered all over the tabloids. No, Tony, they are not going to care if it’s for the company.” He winced at the tone that she’d taken.
Natasha shrugged, glancing between Steve and Bucky both. “I’ll take honesty over lies any day.” Steve took that as a queue to walk away. The strange energy. The bizarre looks. Steve didn’t want to get in between it.
“If you say handle it I’m going to throat punch you.” Tony shut his mouth quickly. He sat back slightly and glanced at his best friend. Rhodey’s fists were curled in his lap, and nearly shaking with unwanted fury. Tony looked back to Rhodey’s eyes and saw that he didn’t seem to be staring at anything.
Starting the car Tony started off back for his home. The tower. “I’m shocked that you trust Wilson to stay quiet enough to not be spotted.” Tony plastered a grin on his face, hoping to dissuade anyone who might know that they were having a serious conversation. Loki mirrored him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint stepped forward then. “The docks has become a bit of a danger zone for our business, the Captain wanted me to talk with one of your higher-ups about protection. We would be willing to pay, of course, though-”
Tony waited, but Peter wasn’t speaking. Another five minutes. The Merchant wasn’t sweating but he’d gotten over the awkwardness of the silence. “Fine. Don’t tell me.”
There was an awkward silence. Steve knew why he was asking. Tony Stark had been put on trial for being the Merchant before, there was evidence that placed him with a solid alibi for everything that was thrown at him. The entirety of Manhattan. New York believed that Tony Stark was in no way related to the Merchant of Death. But here they were, proven wrong and having the rug pulled completely from underneath them.
He’d been showing this missile off just yesterday… Was it yesterday? Tony looked up at the faces around him, and the pure rage that went through him made Tony want to rip all of their heads off. He didn’t cooperate with terrorists. “No.” The man’s face fell. Yinsen tensed at Tony’s reply, but no one moved.
“Is the Merchant really… Tony Stark?”
J.A.R.V.I.S., bless his circuit board heart, kept the room as dark as he could with the sun shining in through the window. He practically minimizes any sound within the room, turning off fans when they became too much, and turning them on for a small bit of time to keep up air flow. Tony knew for a fact that J was his greatest and best creation.
Steve set down one of his many documents. They were practically scattered across his table. Some of them were from operations that they still had in Brooklyn, but a few were of new ones that they were starting here in Manhattan. “Yes, Peter?” The boy entered, closing the door behind him quietly. “Is there something that I can help you with?”
Steve took a look around. Thor, blonde like him and large wasn’t what Steve would consider non-threatening. Bucky was just a hair taller than Steve himself but had a similar build. Threat. Natasha didn’t look large or threatening, but that was something that Steve was sure no one would take lightly. Threat. Sam didn’t look threatening, but Rumlow looked military enough to make up for it between the two of them. Then there was Clint and the twins. Barton had an RBF like none other and the twins looked harmless unless you ticked them off. Steve didn’t like their chances. As Steve was about to express his thoughts he turned to the back where Barton was walking in, carrying somethi-one behind him. “Barton, report.”
Tony focused back in again, “Send out Vision, tell him to keep an eye on Loki along with the group. It might help calm Loki down with one of our best there with him.” Hogan nodded before leaving the room to go back upstairs. Tony waited a few seconds before glancing at Pepper. The woman was busy looking and flicking around on her tablet but he could tell that the news was shocking to her too. “Keep Obadiah up to date with what we just learned. I’ll go up in a bit to get ready for those meetings.” He dismissed Pepper quickly after that, sitting at his workstation.
“About as well as it can. What about you?”
Tony was slightly shocked at how silent Barnes was being about this. He figured that he would be trying to offer some spelling of his name, or offering some other name to search but he was quiet. Quiet as the winter night. He shivered at the thought. “Could we possibly work something out should you not find the file? I would appreciate some sort of compromise.” Tony looked to Barnes and Rogers. They both seemed out of their depth, but Tony just stared at them. They hadn’t even made it to his office yet.
When Tony had shown up unexpectedly on the day that Obadiah was going to sign over the family to Hammer, Tony had wandered in with a pistol. Locked and loaded. Aimed. Shot a small hole into the forehead of Hammer before signing the bottom line himself as the new Italian Mob leader. After that Tony didn’t stop firing for a month. He’d shot several men on that one day alone, then proceeded to take down everyone that he viewed a threat to the family. Tony was on his way to shoot Obadiah when Rhodey stopped him.
“Send him to the penthouse, J. I’ll go to bed after.” The elevator dinged just moments later with the dark haired man wandering in with Clint Barton in tow. The archer, for the most part, only glanced around once before focusing in on Tony. The Merchant smirked at the man before walking up to them. “Loki, the big guy was telling me that you had something on your report to tell me,” Tony gave a side glance to Clint, “though you seem to have brought the topic with you.”
“Probably wouldn’t have done much for you in the first place. Not how your dad was raised, so he didn’t reflect it… But my dad thought the best way to make me tough, to keep me in line was to smack me around until the obedience stuck. Unlucky for him. Car wreck. Died. But not me… He chewed me up, and quite possibly spat me out but I emerged from it an entirely new man.” Tony’s eyes shifted only slightly to catch Bucky’s eye. “I became someone who couldn’t be broken.” His eyes went back to the man. A grin breaking his face nearly in half. “Someone that doesn’t know mercy.”
Tony could believe it. Pepper had tried to inform him as best she could. Some gangs had popped up again after months of being dormant. Some places were broken into, and some of his stashes had been accidentally found. But Tony knew where all these gangs were, knew the leaders. He would return that fear of god back into them.
Roger’s wandered to where the photographs were set up, seeming to create distance between them. Tony thought he was easing his tension.
There was some silence, a lot really. But eventually, Peter nodded and took the woman’s hand. Romanov seemed to be satisfied with the result and rose from her seat. “Steve thought you should know that Rumlow is recovering. He’s sorry, but I doubt that he’ll be ready for anything for a few weeks more.” Steve nodded before rising.
“Oh, this is where you ran off to.” Tony glanced up and watched Bruce enter into the Penthouse with a small smile. Bruce, for the most part, hadn’t reacted to the news of the truce other than he would like to discuss with Tony about it later. “Loki, you look awful. Do you need to go lay down?” The taller man groaned but didn’t shake off the obvious request for privacy. Banner smiled more warmly then and watched as Loki left the room before he took a seat across from Tony. “Well, if it makes you feel better the city can finally ease up after all the tension your missing presence caused. Logan was about to rip off Wilson’s head before I went missing. I haven’t checked in there, but I think Loki covered all the basses. You sent everyone into quite a scare.”
Steve didn’t like the noise of Manhattan. It bustled around too much, but the people didn’t give him or his crew a second look as they maneuvered through the crowds. Steve and his crew had only just arrived in the city a few hours ago. They were on their way to their next hide out until they could return to Brooklyn. Rogers had sent ahead Natasha to make sure that their place was secure and to gather up any information before they set sights on doing anything in the region.
Before the left Thor made a growling noise at them, curling his hands into fists. “Do not touch me again.” He warned, but they were already out the door before Thor could speak again.
Now Steve wasn’t quite sure where he stood. His base back in Brooklyn had been compromised by the police, and there was no doubt that they were searching all of Brooklyn for him. The Captain was well known but didn’t hold a face, most of the members didn’t. Bucky, The Winter Soldier, was practically a ghost. Natasha, The Black Widow, a tale to keep children in bed during the night. Clint, Hawkeye, a legend that ran deep in the underbelly of New York for being known as the man that didn’t miss.
When he was acknowledged, he heard the sigh before he really saw it on screen. “With these idiots leaving town I don’t see the problem with it. Pepper can hold down the company for the most part with Obadiah, Bruce is safe at the tower, and I can still go around collecting debts as if you’re still here. It wouldn’t be the first time that you’re gone for a little while.” Loki’s eyes glanced up quickly before looking back at the screen. “They may know who you are, but that doesn’t mean that as a Mob we aren’t still dangerous to them. I’ll sick Wilson on them, along with Logan.” Tony snorted at the thought of the two of them working together again. Logan had threatened to cut off Tony’s balls should he put them together again, but he didn’t care. They got the message across.
Tony took in the other man’s voice and felt a sense of calm overcome him.
“You bloody idiot.” Tony glanced up and to his surprise saw Loki, next to him Bruce. Both of them looked like they could be better, but Tony was too relieved to know that they were okay. “What took you so long to get here?”
Steve crossed his arms across his broad chest. Tony ignored the stretch of the shirt. “What happens then when he thinks he can get better guns from someone else? Who protects you then?” Tony cocked his head to the side, a small grin starting to form on his face.
Please comment and Kudo! It helps me more than you can imagine! :)
When Tony brought his eyes up to Barnes he noticed the almost shocked look in his eyes.
When Steve finally located Bucky, he held in a small amount of shock. He looked frazzled, almost a ghost. His skin was pale, his eyes blown wide and when he saw Steve he scrambled to his feet. “We need to get out of Manhattan. Tonight.” Steve held up his hands to hold back Bucky who was starting to push at Steve’s chest with both hands. “Steve, please, we can’t stay here. We are in way over our heads.”
“I can’t promise that.” Loki’s eyes seemed far away at that moment. Steve noticed when he returned his attention to the two. From what Steve could tell, Loki seemed to be well off. His clothing was nice, tailored, The Merchant obviously took care of those that he called his family.
“When you agree to this truce with Steve, I just want to know that you’ll help me, Mr. Stark. Before I found the Irish mob I was going to come and talk to you. I was going to seek out the Merchant of Death… I know Manhattan really well Sir, and I was hoping that maybe I would find my place there, but-”
I nearly didn't get this uploaded. It was finished, just didn't have much time to this afternoon and my computer was being dumb.
With a small smile gracing his face Steve walked over to the woman. She sat on a windowsill of the warehouse. Her body was small enough to fit there without much effort or strain. Her knees were pulled up to her chest, and she clasped her hands together. Steve leaned against the wall to face her. “With how silently you walk I can’t say that I’m really all that shocked.” She nodded, “What brought this on?”
“I won’t keep my gun hidden this time if he does try.”
There was a pause, a break that Steve didn’t know how to fill. Manhattan wasn’t what he knew. Back when he was a kid, and his ma would bring him over to visit, he’d look at Manhattan from his car window and marvel at what he saw. The tall buildings, the bustling amount of people, and all the money that was involved in making to advance. He and his Ma would spend hours in only a portion of the city. They would go to the park and watch the birds or play on the swing sets. That was a Manhattan that Steve remembered. A place that had once felt safe but now felt like the beginnings of a battleground. “It’s as if the moment we walked in there was automatic tension from everyone. It was as if the town was warning people that we were there. I saw the signs.” Steve closed his eyes, the vague memory of a woman pausing in her conversation on the phone as he passed. A man closing his store early and watching them walk by with a hard stare. Another, a boy, seemingly throwing rocks up in the air, sling shot next to him. “People here… They all know something is coming.”
“Mr. Stark I-” Both Tony and Vanko turned towards the door. In the doorway stood… Barnes? Tony couldn’t believe it. What was this man doing here? In his penthouse? What was JARVIS thinking?!
[9 Months ago]
That wasn’t available apparently.
He looked back out to Peter, noticing now the muscle that he was slowly starting to build due to working out with him and Steve. They were practically training the kid to take over a job. Bucky felt as if a stone was settled in his stomach now thinking about what was now going through his brain. “Nat…” But his voice trails off. Natasha is starting to get up from the window sill. She looks unsure as if she was put off from speaking with him. The fact that they are alone together always seems to make her run away. “Don’t go.” His voice nearly cracks in how quiet his voice is. Natasha glances at him and smirks softly.
Tony shrugged, keeping his mouth shut until they were driving back towards the tower. Obadiah didn’t have codes to get into the tower quite yet. Tony didn’t think that it was even on his to do list in his workshop. “Trying to get me to do a live demo in Afghanistan for some of the brass up there. Board is trying too, but I’ve told both to shove it.” Bruce rolled his eyes at Tony’s antics but didn’t comment further.
Tony gasped, throwing his eyes open and grasping for something that wasn’t there. He couldn’t ground himself, there wasn’t anything around him. His heart rate skyrocketed at the thought that he might be falling, free floating in a place that was- His hands finally grasped his chest, feeling the solidity of his rib cage and flesh enough to bring him down.
“Show up? SHOW UP?! He was there the whole time!” Bucky ripped his hands back and pulled them through his hair. “Steve… We have looked at this all wrong, all of it. Howard… Howard is not the man you thought. He created a monster to take over his operation.” Steve scowled.
Tony felt hands touching him, they were dragging him off again.
The docks weren’t Tony’s favorite. Trades happened there, along with other unmentionable activities, but he was called there early that morning before he could drink his coffee. Rough hands rubbed over his eyes and a grimace was the first thing that formed on his face when met with his docks manager. “Found him like this last night. Bullet, in and out, and his eyes wide open.” The docks manager pointed a few feet away from where a man and some of Tony’s men were sitting. They seemed to be overlooking the docks. As if they were friends catching up before work. Tony ignored them.
“I’ll be alright, Bruce.” He got to his feet then, wiping his hands on his pant legs before exiting the lab. Bruce wasn’t far behind him, though he got off on a different floor when they finally ascended up the elevator.
A small smirk raised on Tony’s face, but he didn’t lower his firearm. “You’re right. He didn’t,” He relaxed, almost, with his position of the gun but it was still pointed to the man now cradling his hand on the floor. “Howard beat that right out of me. Left something else there.” A small shiver ran down Bucky’s spine as Tony spoke. This wasn’t the man that Steve had just made a deal with. “Mr. Barnes. Your father didn’t lay a hand on you, did he?”
“Sir?” Tony wanted to cry, “I’m sorry Sir, but this couldn’t wait. Mr. Stane is insisting that you meet with him.” It wouldn’t be that hard for Tony to reach for the gun that he has taped to the bottom of the table. It was fully loaded, recently cleaned by Loki when he was bored, and it was one of his favorites.
He sighed. “What do you think Loki?” Tony called out to the man. He, Loki, apparently had taken to watching him rather than the events of the Mob before him.
The kid didn’t even look at the others. “Peter.” This left Steve to raise his brow.
“Gotta warn you, I’m not some cheap date.” Was Clint’s reply. It was always surprising to Clint how close he and Bucky had actually become due to Bucky’s injury. When he and Bucky had first been introduced to one another, Bucky had already been without his arm. Physical therapy was a part of Buck’s daily routine, but he had been around the base with Steve when Clint first arrived. Steve had found Clint after a job gone wrong. He’d been bleeding out in an alley, trying to force the blood to stop. Steve had taken Clint in without a second thought when he saw him. Once Clint joined the base he met Bucky and they talked from there. Bucky was sarcastic and held a similar likeness to Clint that he didn’t see much in other people. It was relaxing after nearly dying.
It wasn’t all that shocking to Tony that Roger’s started up business quick. Tony had made sure that Logan and Wilson both kept them from the trade. It was in hopes that they wouldn’t stay in town long. Maybe head over to Jersey, or the Bronx. Hell… Queens would have worked even. Tony didn’t understand the need to come over to Manhattan, where Tony was set up as Merchant of Death. “We’ll get it worked out Obie. Just go settle some paperwork. We can talk about this later.” Tony could hear the telltale sounds of vibrations coming from Obie’s suit pocket. There were people trying to get ahold of him. Probably for interviews or something for SI. Tony didn’t care in that moment, just wanted him out of the room. His house. His life in that instant.
His friends tease him about it, and Steve thinks maybe Tony already
Steve laughs, and god that’s beautiful, but then-
Steve’s got a killer smile, and he’s
“This is ridiculous, James,” Pepper says, legs crossed and ginger hair in a delicate pony tail, sipping a coffee cup and giving him a sympathetic look, her eyes soft and good and he knows why Tony loves her. He does too.
“Okay, so this is going to sound completely stupid, but he was trying to show me that you liked me,” Tony says, and he wants to kiss him again “ ‘cause you got all sad and stuff after, and that’s kinda when I realized that you didn’t- uh- you didn’t like me kissing other people. And I thought, huh, why’s that? And then… here I am.”
And Steve had said he wasn’t able to resist him, and it holds true when Steve follows.
“You really want me to date me?”
“Hi there gorgeous,” he says, tugging him closer, and Steve preens blushing and his head falling into Tony’s neck, and wow, his boyfriend’s more gone than he thought.
At the end of the night, most of the billionaires have left, and they’re dancing.
for Tony to call him by his name, had his hands all over Tony and asked him to
off him.
Steve hasn’t kissed him in so
The quinjet ride’s quiet, and Steve never lets go of his hand, notice. Tony remembers the last ride like this. Tony had been hurt, on his way to a hospital. Nothing life-threatening, but Steve had this way of holding his hand like he’s a balloon and the only thing keeping him tethered is him.
these things Steve,” Tony says, but doesn’t move even a bit away, “You can’t say that you wanna take me out and that you want me to be your
Carol talks to him next.
He looks…perfect. He’s wearing a button done with vertical stripes that ends just a little bit above his midriff, exposing skin, some pants that seems little too fitted but still look comfortable enough. Yellow sunglasses. Grinning and
Somehow, within 30 seconds of coming in, Tony’s been given alcohol he can’t handle, Unhuman booze, and this is a
“Darling,” Steve replies, and Tony’s smile is a lovely starburst, “I think it would.”
“I’m single,” he blurts out.
He’s excited for them to meet him. Really, really excited to see him.
Tony doesn’t really take kindness well from what he knows, so Steve expects him to close up. It’s not going to stop him from saying it, though because it’s true and frankly he’s so in love he doesn’t think he can help it.
the man who kissed him awake this morning, the man who insists on holding his hand under tables at meetings. This is Tony, whose heart he carries in his own, who’s heartbeat Steve has spent
ring in Steve’s ear. A million scenarios flip through Steve’s mind. Warm Tony in bed, pine cologne mixed with rose scented hand lotion scent all over him,
Steve still remembers the day he met Tony Stark.
And Barnes smiles. Not that old school, charming all the photos shown, but like a man at sea finally,
and James loves him so much.
Reaching out to hold his face, kisses him slow and languid and Steve kisses back like he’s being held to the earth, like Tony might disappear.
And then he kisses Tony, warm and soft lips meeting his own, brilliant man kissing him back and holding him tighter, and Steve never wants this to end. He just wants to kiss Tony as long as his lungs allow.
Something in his mind says he’s being ridiculous, that this is
“I bet it comes from that donor. Isn’t that crazy? I’ve been volunteering here for years, and now these kids actually have the stuff they deserve. I’d love to meet the guy.”
“Steve, I’ve been in love with you since before I met you.”
“You do that stuff too,” Steve hears himself say, even though there is a roar of
complimentary.
“I’m not confused.”
It’s awfully indulgent, Tony holding him like this, confessing like this.
“Peter said Dada to me,” Tony says, eating Chinese food that he’d brought over, sitting on Steve and Bucky’s ratty couch, “to
Stark has sat down next to him, looked at his math homework, and told him the answer.
being lulled to sleep by. Things change, of course they do, they
have you known this whole time?
“What if it was you?”
Steve plops him down within the second, running to the bathroom to get the razor.
Tonight is Valentine’s day, and tonight, Steve had planned something small, bought Tony a batch oil, a pink fragrant thing from a store Clint would tease him about going into, going to spend the whole night with him with 5 star food delivered to their home. He was going to allow himself to lavish in all the finer things because Tony, the finest of all, wants him to.
“Steve,” Tony says, and Steve turns and smiles, puts his pad down and listens, “I remembered something.”
“Tactician?’
he’d wanted to work with before the war, when he was a man, not a soldier.
“So you wanna be my fella?” Steve’s nervous, smiling, and he’s so
“I’m, I’m a
Tony looks at him like he’d like an explanation but wasn’t going to ask for it, so Steve huffs.
Tony loves it. Steve’s just glad he’s there.)
“That’s cool.” He’s not that great at this, “Did you hear about the name change?”
“It’s a waste of time-“
Steve kisses his wrist like he’s something holy.
The one thing he’s
alcohol in his breath and lifting a large hand to touch Tony’s cheek, stopping short like he wasn’t sure he was allowed.
On a fall Friday, Steve falls in love with an adorable stranger.
, not when Steve spent nights where the only thing keeping him afloat was weird science puns from Tony and knowing he was listening. That he was there.
And wouldn’t that be awful? Steve, dangling his love over Tony’s face only to yank it away- And he knows what Tony’s like, knows that he’s so quick to think someone’s lying about loving him, that they’re confused, that if not loving him is an option, it’s the default.
“You’re a good boy, aren’t ya?” Tony hears Steve, before he’s realized Tony’s walked in. Dulls the super senses, then. “Your daddy’s made you smart, that’s why. He’s also good. Very
him, that he liked what he did. It’s never really been his strength, though.
It really doesn’t matter when it happened or how, but as of now, memories or not, in this bed in 2014 with Steve Rogers, Tony Stark is in love with him.
It’s Tony, though, so he walks in, sheepishly and says his name, and Steve selfishly loves how Tony’s whole attention is on
He does not speak. He does not say how no one looked his way, how often he thought of Tony’s affection as ridiculous even in the hypothetical, how even now he’s expecting the ground to be pulled out from under him.
Tony drinks it anyway,. Alright, that’s fine, Bucky seems to like him, so all is well. Nat reads Tony’s mind, and Steve has to reprimand her, and Peggy and Sharon show off their powers, just a little, and- and-
“Sorry, I only take orders from Cap over here,” Tony says abruptly, and despite himself- Steve smiles back at him. Natasha had asked him once, why he chooses to tease Steve after all this time, when he
He ends up in the library, in a corner he and Tony only know about. No one is ever there. No one’s there now but him.
and that’s, not cute at all. He’s just observing.
“I’ll see you soon, Tony.”
It’s just- he wanted Tony to feel how he always wished
Tony blinks.
“Thank you,” he says, not looking up. God, Tony’s going to be an asshole. He knows it.
“You being here is obviously helping.” Tony takes a risk and grabs Steve’s hand, and Steve inhales sharply but doesn’t pull away, only tightens his hold, “You said you’d talk to me more once I remembered something.”
Clint isn’t much on touching, but Tony is, and Clint had accepted it early on.
“You don’t smell bad at all,” He says, rushed and impulsively, “you smell- uh- really good, actually.”
at least a little bit.
Kissing Tony feels like coming home, how one hand lands on Steve’s face and the other cards through his hair and he wants
“I’m so sorry, Steve.”
over Tony not calling him by his first name, “You call everyone their names but me. I’m Steve.”
He really, really likes him.
and okay, this isn’t like, a
He told him-
“Anything?”
It’s a hell of a realization.
He’s too far gone and needs to get a fucking grip, but Tony- Steve’s swelling with warmth, now. Wants so many things.
and puts his face in his hands.
Steve likes him, he invites Tony over for no reason, spends nights over there. He’s not been subtle.
He needs to be away, now. It’s his first morning in months where Steve is close enough to want and too far to have, and it’s torture. At some point, he’s going to be okay with it, with him leaving him.
“Glasses might be a bit much, but other than that, you’re good Tones.”
“So, I was coming back to the room to tell you I’m not dating Steve,” Tony says, but he’s holding him, properly holding him around the middle and it’s selfish but James
They do kiss. Several times, in fact.
He wants to say yes. Wants to curl up next to Steve and have him call him his
Tony walks out of the apartment and doesn’t give a chance to follow him, and takes Steve’s heart with him.
The only real reference he’s got for good flirting is Bucky, and most of that was just swagger and good looks. And he knows he’s bigger now, but he’s still not sure he’s the kind of man Tony would look twice at.
“Steve, Steve, I remember.”
And then, Tony goes back to work, like he’d never said anything at all.
Tony rambles, and it’s sweet, wow, he needs to stop thinking everything this man does is sweet, it’s not fair-
to remember, to feel like he
“Your stuff, the photos…” there was one, they both knew the one. A bit before their first date, when Steve was still head over heels and no one even
“Sorry, sorry, you’re just…you’re just funny, that’s all. But yes. I do actually have some friends. Do you want to meet them?”
“My coffee. What did you think was on my mind?” Tony jokes, and Steve kisses his cheek, and Clint groans.
He doesn’t even
“Yeah, I hit the sweet spot with this one, it really works around air resistance-“
Maybe Steve doesn’t love him anymore. And he knows what Rhodey would say, that it’s not his job to love Steve through him getting Bucky back. He doesn’t know how to not love Steve, though. He’s forgotten how.
“You’re okay,” And it sets int hat Tony’s here, followed him to the library and now holding him through an panic and James loves him and he’s about to lose him.
“If you want it in the morning,” Tony says, so close to Steve’s mouth he can almost taste the cherry flavor of a booze that would knock him out, “You can have it. Anything you want.”
Did he invite him here to taunt him, to show him exactly just what he can’t have? “I appreciate it. I know you can’t want people to think we’re together.”
“What did he do?”
“Of course I do, I’ve established I think you’re
It’s too much to take, but Steve wants it, he does.
Tony stands, wipes his eyes and clears his throat, stepping closer to Steve.
“Bucky gave you the Unhuman booze, didn’t he?
“You’re good at that,” Steve said to him, once the practice had ended. Tony had grinned, the way he always did when someone complimented the suits.
Tony, who made him so fucking happy, who was beautiful, and kind, and everything he wanted, his first thought in the morning, the best thing in the world.
They were meant to be getting
“I’m the artist in this relationship!”
at him, “But if you don’t have any sense at all, you know where I sit at lunch.”
“Are you kidding? I’m a total asshole, I never shut up, I don’t sleep or eat-“
Tony’s free with his affections if he thinks you won’t break it, and sometimes when he’s not even sure of that.
and Steve- Steve wants to be there so badly, wants to run his hands through his curls, wants to be close enough to kiss his forehead and have Tony take all of his tenderness.
“Steve?” Tony asks, standing by the edge of the bed where Steve sits up to meet his eye, and then Tony touches him, brushing a hand against Steve’s arm, concern etched on his face.
It’s worth the scolding Pepper gives them and more.
God, love isn’t meant to
he likes him. Maybe. If he’s not picking up on it now.
Tony’s favorite colors are red and gold, and he buys Peter a little knitted cap with them on it. He’s growing, and before Steve knows it, he’s had a Peter and a Tony is his life for 6 months.
“I couldn’t have done it without you, Steve. I can’t do anything, without you these days. I owe you everything in my life right now. Everything good is because of you.”
A month in, Tony asks how he smells.
attractive breathless, this is new information.
He’s not.
He doesn’t get to linger on it, though, because Bruce sitting next to him- Tony
In the last few years, Tony had a lot he could be proud of, crippling insecurity notwithstanding. Convincing Steve Rogers that the world they lived in was worth living in, worth loving someone in, well. He couldn’t be prouder.
“You two make a wonderful couple.”
someone on your mind.” Tony sounds suggestive, teasing, a way he’s heard him talk to Bruce about the coffee girl in the lower level of the Tower.
“Mm,” Steve mutters back to him, “You wanna watch the sunrise?”
And he’s trying to be subtle and everything, but this- this is
“If you had any sense, you’d avoid me like everyone else,” and Tony frowns, he’s sick of seeing him frown at Steve, he wants to see him
“If it makes you uncomfortable, you don’t have to. I’ll go dance with Pepper.”
“You remembered,” Steve says, and Tony thought he might be
to make a choice about taking what he wants because fuck, Tony deserves someone to love. Someone to dance with him.
He can admit it, now, that Tony’s the man he
There’s been many times Steve has thought this since waking up. Sure, in the beginning, some if it was lost in translation, the anger clouding what would eventually become…attraction, of sorts.
“You’re- Steve-“
Tony pauses, then eats a bit of spaghetti, paying attention to the TV.
“Hi,” Steve says, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist and blue eyes so warm and fond, faces close like he wants to ask for a kiss but is too shy. 3 months on of loving Tony and he still can’t make himself kiss him without looking like he’s asking for too much.
It’s a little later when he comes in on this Friday, and it’s raining like god’s angry, and Steve knows there’s a new baby in the nursery (one of his friends had mentioned) so he figured one might be crying when he came in.
He can’t breathe.
“You think I could take you to dinner?” He says, even though Tony’s so close he can smell the hint of mint he’d had a few minutes ago.
“Dinner.”
(Dinner was a lovely Italian restaurant, and they were late because it turns out not kissing Tony is a
“But- you didn’t know me. I was a caricature.”
open affection that’s got his name on it. A kind of love he’s been feeling since who knows long.
“I think you should go for it."
me. Tony is a genius with a marvel of a mind and a better heart and he’s fucking gorgeous and he thinks he needs me but he
And Tony, he just giggles at that, warm and pure and Steve laughs too, because in 2018 he still has the love of his life and his love is laughing att Steve’s stained pink hands because damn those things transfer.
with Tony-
Natalie Rushman happened. His heart happened. Pepper happened. Tony looks so tired. Rhodey’s paralyzed and he still wants to take some of Tony’s pain.
Steve smiles like he’s been given a gift.
Tony, in one of those suits, the ones Pepper fusses over him to wear. He’d thought about going to one of those with Tony for years now. Tony would look at him with that lopsided grin, whisper
The thing is, when he thinks of the man he was when he woke up from the ice. He remembers those first few months, living in the tower, a ghost in a world where he didn’t long. Then, one day, Tony had left a set of art supplies in his room, too expensive to even
And he lost him. Without ever even having him.
“And you’ve made up for any mistakes you’ve made tenfold. And you will, if you don’t think you have already. Tony, people come here event after event with you, and maybe they take the opportunity for granted. I don’t, okay?”
“I know we’re young, and I don’t know much about where you live or how much being an inventor makes you know, but I think you’d make a wonderful father, Tony.”
And Tony’s got an arm around him, eyes bright and emotional but still unreadable, not what Steve’s used to and he wants to kiss it away until he sees the smile again. But that’s- it’s not what he’s getting. A charade sounds nice though. At least for a night.
“That’s amazing,” Steve says, because it is.
is why this crush is a problem. Tony just keeps getting better, keeps doing things to make him happier and it’s
talk to me on tumblr: irndad!!
his Tony away. It’s not the point. How he feels has never been the point.
Steve Rogers looks at him like salvation and home, and Tony Stark doesn’t know how to be that, and it’s selfish, but part of him is addicted to it.
“Shock to the system. You… yeah.”
He’d know there was a fight. He hadn’t known,
Tony’s looking at Thor, big brown eyes wide and pretty mouth falling slack, attraction written on his face, attractive in a way that’s almost sinful, and his heart drops to his shoes. Thor’s magic is strong, and it makes one
Steve leaned his head on Tony’s chest, and look, they fit. They always have
Steve’s not used to this, only ever been in love one other time, and he just
Steve hugged him again.
Tony pauses and flips up his mask, and looks at him. It’s too much, being the center of Tony’s vision, that laser focus on
the man he needed like oxygen was backing away from him like a caged animal.
“Tony-"
“Is that how you thank me? I’m hurt,
Thor is what really gets to him.
He’d been crying, obviously, but there’s something worse than that on his face, pain, raw and deep, tousled hair and crossed arms like he’s holding himself together.
Tony smiles, a bit more real, and rests his head against his shoulder.
By the time he realizes he’s in love with Tony, it is already torture.
“Does that mean I can kiss you during?”
It’s a Sunday, and Tony’s wearing a Hawkeye T-shirt (which he has no right to hate as much as he does, but like, he also has a Captain America one, so-) and he looks lovely, a little bit of white beard growing out, his hair curling at the ends because he hasn’t gotten to his hairdresser lately.
“What’s the last thing you remember, Tony?”
someone else put it there, that he’s here to tell his best friend Steve about the lucky fella he’s marrying. It’s crazy because Steve loves that he means something that special to Tony, but he wants
“I applied for adoption. Of Peter. I’ve been around for months, met background check worked out- I’m- I’m a father, now, Steve.”
it all came back to him.
Tony is a beautiful man, objectively. Dark brown eyes an a smile filled with warm mirth. Steve isn’t blind.
Tony was always there in his own way, makes the best coffee in the world and always offers his arms up when he’s had a bad day. Tony loves him in the way he knows how, through saying it a lot and doing as much as he can.
“I’m an ex arms dealer with issues up to the neck and I-“
“He’s not.”
He can do this. He’s a man with a
The first time Tony asks him to dance, he’s drunk.
Tony holds him, and it’s awkward for a second, but then Steve just-
right, feels like coming home and
steve wakes up!
“I’ll be sure to play with him now, Cap, how did you-“
“I love you,” Steve says, and there is going to be a night where Tony spills how insecure he feels, how his place in this makeshift family always feels like it’s resting on rubble. There’s going to be a day where he breaks open under Steve’s touch like he always was meant to. It could even be tomorrow.
“You hate going, you didn’t even mention-“
slept on sheets with little shields and lit by the heart of his love, and tonight, he’s going to be
“Thanks for the coffee darling, I could kiss you,” Tony smiles, bright as hell, then winks. Tony is always affectionate with people, and Steve knows it would be silly to point out that
But today he’s with
that had been the wrong thing to say. Steve’s face crinkles up, like he’s grossed out, and this is what Tony had been
“He’s never coming near you again, okay?” He says. It’s just like the “fun-vee.” He’s not going to tell Tony how terrifying it is for him that Rogers almost killed him. Almost
Steve is a good man, and waiting 6 hours outside a door for his ex is, well. It’s something he would do.
The funny thing is, if you had erased the two years before 2012, he would’ve been fine. Nothing would have been all that insane.
“You have friends?”
“You mentioned wanting to kiss me,” Tony’s voice is low and sounds like caramel, smokey and warm and Steve wants- he just
He does.
Steve volunteers every Friday and Saturday, and every Friday and Saturday, he sees Tony.
and Tony is so wonderful to hold, smells like cologne and pine and floral shampoo and Steve hugs back, because this is all he needs,
Tony’s an enigma, bright and gorgeous and kind, and Steve’s allowed into his inner space, allowed to be close to where he makes his miracles.
Tony grins. It’s blinding. Steve still doesn’t want to stop looking.
“I know her, yeah,”
“No no, it’s not… you just… uhhh-Just surprised, that’s all, I’ve never had a Baseliner get that close before.” He has though. They’ve never been like
And in a second, Steve forced his gaze down to the worksheet. He wasn’t just a Baseliner, but a Baseliner who would want nothing to do with him.
“You kept me waiting,” Tony says, tearily. He holds Steve back like the bruises will crumple his bones and he’d fall out from under him.
,” Steve says, closing his eyes, just for a second. Tony smells like pine and like amber, and he breathes out
at him, and god that’s pretty.
He’s going to be sick.
Weightless, smiling at a robot and calling Tony
“No, we were certainly not-“
“I advise you listen to him, Sir,” JARViS says.
Steve finally dances with Tony in a hospital room, in a hospital gown, in an empty chapel.
Tony) and tells him he enjoys his company.
It’s explained to him hastily, that Barnes hadn’t died in the plane fall, only been captured by Hydra, forced to work and been
Steve wanted to be friends wit him to.
Tony says this like it’s nothing, like it’s not extremely kind, like he’s not everything Steve wants. His heart’s in his throat.
It takes a moment to understand it. Tony saved all those kids, saved his
, and he’d like to think he covered it pretty well- it’s
He’s been annoying them lately, he knows.
with him, and if that wasn’t fucking
“Your fella?” Tony’s closer now, holding both hands and amber eyes warm and close.
They get away without too much scolding, and when Steve goes to head to his room, Tony grabs him by the wrist.
Steve had been
He wonders if after all these years, maybe Tony knows Steve better than Bucky.
“Steve,” he says, stepping into his space. “What happened?”
and reaches for the cup of coffee, about to thank him for the cup, and Steve is in love with him.
“I didn’t know, I didn’t even read the article, I swear, I kissed you because I love you, because I know you-“
He smiles at the cuff links and Tony puts on his press smile (which is still
“I don’t,” he says but it’s pointless, a werewolf and a demon, they can tell it without him saying anything. But he
And James has no problem with that. Tony deserves good people, lord knows he doesn’t have enough of them in his life. He deserves people like Steve, people who cook meals and fuss over him, people who look at him and see more than a billionaire brat, see the kid who’s kind and bright and
The next time Steve has a beard, he is
Bucky had always been different than him, low voice and charm that flowed from every word
And Steve had hugged him without asking, had practically
“Your point?” He deadpanned.
Steve was so sick of this heartache, this want, that ate at his bones. When would he get to dance with Tony, get to hold and cherish the man ho taught him it was okay to do that in a new world?
knew that Tony had stayed up all night, made it just the way he liked and waited so
right? That’s how Tony does it.
“He-Barnes-“
But he doesn’t know, honestly, if Tony wants him. So he settles for a hug and Chinese food, and getting a taste of the most wonderful man he’s ever met.
“You got your dance,” Steve says, into his hair. It’s addicting, holding Tony so close. He loves it, loves it so much.
“Then obviously, yes.”
“I uh,” and Tony tips up his chin, and there are those eyes, those brown eyes like jewels, “I thought you were leaving me.”
When Tony kisses him, he tastes like love in the purest form, indulgent and warm with fingers tracing through his hair, warm and
It’s stupid anyway, the stuff he rambles about. He was talking to DUM-E about a new idea and Bruce had asked him to hush. The new coffee had come in and he’d rambled about how nice it was, and he loved it, and Nat had said she couldn’t process that in the morning.
“Didn’t mean to scare you,” Steve says, “I didn’t know you’d be up here.”
“I’m Steve,” he says, too quick, cute guy hasn’t said his yet, “You another volunteer?”
He’s a little disappointed the chairs there can’t bet pulled out, he was kind of looking forward to pulling out the chair for Tony.
seen, Steve-o.”
He knows they love him, doesn’t know how to stop thinking they don’t, knows how weak they’d think he was if they knew the amount of pain it was putting him through at the thought he doesn’t have their approval or affection.
wants to hear him laugh and have him close and kiss him through every moment, and
“You said he’d never like you like you like him.”
It’s so
Silence stays for a beat, and then Tony grabs Steve’s wrist, and drags him.
Tony wipes his tears and goes to suit up, and Steve wants to say
not really and with Steve now even more. It doesn’t matter what I want. What matters is what he wants and it’s not me, okay, Carol?”
“Tony-“
and he’d just be some aversion to Tony, something kinky to fuck up about.
“This isn’t funny, Tony.” Cute Stranger’s hands slip away like it hurts for him to do it, and Tony doesn’t
“James,” she says, her voice soft and kind, “Steve is great. I’ve met him. A blonde, blue eyed dream who looks like he’s out of a catalogue and if I didn’t have Nat I would be doing something about that.”
“Okay,” he replies, “I’m Steve. What are you doing right now, Tony?”
“I don’t mind the cinnamon.”
“You don’t like Cap?”
In the morning, Steve gets greeted by a Tony who wants to date him, and he’s so, so lucky.
Everyone was talking about it, the
Right. That. Okay.
He kisses him.
Maybe he’s just wanting to try something.
hard to flirt with, it was Tony Stark.
okay.
Fury rolls his eyes and lets them go, with some huff of a comment, and Tony- he might’ve underestimated how much Steve’s missed him when the he takes him but he hand, drags him to the next room and kisses him senseless.
“I had your shield on my sheets and you as my hero until I was 12. I thought I kicked the habit, but loving you seems to be the kind of habit that follows you.”
It’s while they’re running practices with the suit, and Tony- when he’s in the air, he’s
He never does smile like that, even though Steve’s probably the only person in the world who deserves to be cocky about his looks literally all the time. But
When it looks like Steve’s going to be in the gym for the foreseeable future, Tony asks JARVIS to take him to his room. It’s on a different floor than he remembers, and when he walks in, the reason is obvious: It’s not just his room anymore.
“I thought you were leaving me,” Tony replies, and because he can’t himself, he pulls Steve in close and feels so fucking
“Watch your mouth,” Tony says, so close they brush together every time he speaks, “I’m in love with you too.” Tony says, shyly.
What?
It’s hard not to picture holding his hand, to picture loving him.
Steve asks him for lunch, one day. It’s the kind of place Bucky’d take a girl if he was trying to woo her. (He can hear him in the back of his head
would want a kid from Brooklyn who no one had ever wanted to dance with him.
Baseliners and Unhumans don’t date. They just don’t.
Tony’s blushing over a strong, smart, blond blue eyed boy who makes him blush and cooks him meals and James- a part of him wants to yell out
“Cap.”
“I’m making friends. You seem friendly. Ergo, uh, I thought I’d come sit with you. There’s… I don’t know anyone else here.”
“God, you’re such an old man,” Tony speaks, but he’s so close that his mouth brushes against Steve’s as he speaks.
“I mean- like- if you’re just trying to make me fuck off, then that’s alright too, I get that… well, I mean, I don’t, it’s not like you have any other friends either and I’d like to think we get on okay, but I mean, I’ve been homeschooled my whole life, so what the fuck do I know about friendships? I’m sheltered and weird and you can totally tell me to fuck off if you don’t want anything to do with me. Like. Just so you kn-“
The next day, Tony had bought him a Rolex, and said that it didn’t break their “no gifts over $100 rule” because it wasn’t for him.
“Congratulations,” And Tony’s brow furrows adorably, which is just gratuitous of the world to do to him right now, I mean, come
in this place, comes in every time and says he’s sorry he couldn’t be there earlier and picks Peter up like a father.
at him, warm and loving, and he’s only 22, Tony is only 22 and brilliant and kind and perfect and he’s going to give Peter a wonderful life full of joy and love, and Steve is so in love it hurts.
“So do
Barnes looks better, healthier. He’s clean, and smiles at things, listens to music now, and Steve looks like he’s about to burst with concern every time he looks at him.
and so sometimes, he curls into Tony like he’s all Steve’s got.
“Who wouldn’t love you?”
Right about when Steve’s going to put his arms around Tony’s waist, the assembling call is sounded.
When he comes back, though, Tony’s holding the paper like it’s punched him in the gut, hurt and pain on his face like something he’d never seen.
one if that’s any indication. And Steve had huffed at the time, knowing one of Tony’s celebrity exes (read: all of them) had had beards. Now, it seems, Steve’s got some assumptions.
Despite what common culture would suggest, if there was ever a man who was
Captain America.
So good luck to him.
Tony’s got his life in his hands right now.
lovely. But it is very, very hard to stop pouting when Tony drinks from his straw, the only one in his drink.
“Anything.”
“Don’t.”
“I just- there’s nothing I can do. The bills keep piling up, she won’t let me drop out- I just wish there was something I could do.”
Steve sucked in a breath, harsh and shallow.
“It was the first time you ever did. Say that.”
“Dum-E was looking at you too, apparently. Send me the wedding dates. I’m his best man.”
And now, Steve’s sitting on a rarely-used couch in Tony’s workshop sketching the man who’s blow torching something with not nearly enough care. His eyes, brown and warm, soft and comforting- Steve could never get it
“You like it?” Steve asks, and this morning, everyone else is busy. It’s embarrassing how much Tony was scared he wouldn’t see Steve.
“Jesus Christ, Tones.”
That determination, that
and its still a surprise when he says that.
Tony goes soft and pliant in Steve’s arms, because of the many things ever was, being Steve’s was always the best of them.
Steve, a little awkward at the angle but
He goes to kiss him again, because really, he can’t stop doing that. He just can’t. It’s all he wants to do now. There’s a knock on the door, and he puts his head down, laughing.
“Oh, god, he’s blushing. Pep, get the cameras, Jarvis, come on, look-“
“I don’t think you need me that close right now-“
“Bullshit,” Tony laughed. It doesn’t sound real.
“I can’t- he needs- I can’t be his father.”
Steve loves Tony.
“A gala,” Steve says. His eyes are so blue. So focused. Tony wants Steve to always be looking at him.
He’s not great at love, at this sort of thing, and maybe if they were in a dark bar in 1940, Tony wouldn’t have said yes. But Tony’s here, bright as a star, his light brightening everything in Steve’s orbit.
Tony makes it so hard to not like him. He makes it so fucking hard not to want him and not to want to hold his hand and not want to be whatever the fuck he needs.
with him.
“Pepper got me a ring as a present for our 15th year working together. It’s on my right hand, but the tabloids must have flipped the image. You know how they are. You thought I was engaged?”
Cute guy wipes his hands on his pants, then reaches a hand out to shake.
There’s a lot of reasons he shouldn’t. Tony’s drunk, they’re in front of all his friends he’s never danced before. Sure, he’s not scrawny anymore but dancing with the guy he’s sweet on is always scary.
And that… he’s just- he wants friends, wants to be Tony’s friend, but Steve can’t be, Tony doesn’t want him to be. Not really. And when he finds out, he’s going to walk away.
He sees a young man in a button up shirt that costs more than his rent, with curly brown hair and brown eyes holding a baby, shushing him like he was meant for it. The man’s obviously young, but he’s a natural- the baby’s just a little thing, only a few weeks old and slumbering happily in his arms, peaceful as though the world is quiet.
Tony’s smart, and kind, the kind of man
Tony was laughing, and he is just so
That, well. Sure as hell isn’t subtle. Tony surely knows now.
Taking a closer look at the paper, he sees that-
And it’s not- it’s not
) and Tony’d been rather happy about it. (They served burgers, it seemed line a win.)
The orphanage was changing, lately. An anonymous donor had donated a ridiculous sum, and now the place was being renamed, among other things. Everything was just
“I know you came here for me,” Tony says, and his heart freezes in his chest. Lord, he’s afraid of the cold. Did Tony
They sit together every day. Tony’s weird, in a fun way, and quickly the most important person in Steve’s life. It’s not even that he’s pretty, not really. He’s funny and weird and makes him fill out spreadsheets, tries to make everything scientific.
Tony will never understand he’s been perfect since the moment he met him.
(Tony had looked up at him with big, brown eyes that could melt him, and in retrospect, he should’ve realized his problem had already started.)
He’d fallen in love.
It passes, and Thor introduces himself.
Steve, the illustration student who goes to the nearby art school, who Tony met in a coffee shop and never
“Never better,” he says, even though he’s sure he sounds dejected. He’d just have to try something else.
He might be kind of in love with him already.
If he needed confirmation that Steve was done with him, well, it came. When they got back to the tower, Steve marched right into the floor where Barnes was staying, before bidding Tony a quick goodbye.
“Been right here,” he says, letting himself be tender with the man he loves. Steve looks like something plucked from a painting, too good to be real, fondness in everything he does with Tony. It’s almost reverent, the way he touches him, and it’s so unfair, because if one of them is holy, it isn’t Tony.
“Tony!” Steve says, and strides over to him in those quick strokes he always does, fast and determined but this time, he
The morning sun sprays golden light over the two of them, and damn it all if Steve doesn’t look like something holy, something divine in the glow of it all.
“Hey, ba- Tony,” he says, and winces, and Tony wants to gather him up, hold him until he can fix him. He
“I’m talking about the guy that saved my
amber eyes and strong arms, wearing a rumpled white shirt and curls haphazard like he’d let the other little ones play with it. What a warm man, he must be, to play with kids when he’s dressed head to to in Armani.
okay, whether he needs a bath, whether he’s got that fancy tea that he likes at home.
It’s stupid.
Tony wants, he wants every time he sees Steve, “I can hang out with you when you’re in the workshop.”
And Tony’s eyes
“Please call me Steve,” he says, and there’s still that slowness to his words, but he looks
he has to sit through Fury droning on and on about procedurals.
That, and Steve’s the only one who can make his coffee right.
“A gala?”
He froze for a moment, and hugged back. Tony’s just- small, fits in his arms perfectly, he doesn’t want to let go. He doesn’t.
“Steve?”
He has to wait a full five minutes to kiss Steve again.
And they kiss for a good 10 minutes, alone and sweet and the best thing that ever happened to him, just like all of Tony is, and he doesn’t even mind when the librarian interrupts them.
or something.
And it’s not like you’d expect it, especially with who Tony is.
A second later, Tony asks about hunters.
but there’s still that bit of him that says
He’s not dating Steve.
“My room is bigger. I thought we could move in together in
“You’ve been busy,” James replies, pulling him closer in by the neck, trying tom e careful about it but Tony smells like grease and some remnant of a sugary drink and he
He comes home three days later.
Tony’s brown eyes flicker for a second, an emotion he can’t identify but isn’t
“I’m glad you think so,” he deadpans, and Tony just smiles at him. Which is just unfair.
and Steve’s eyes shut and he leans in, because Tony’s brilliant at kissing,
That. That was
Turns out, he doesn’t have to. When Steve walks in, he sees, well.
Steve drags him down again, kisses him silent and Tony thinks he might be just trying to ground himself convince himself that Tony is here that he loves him, that he’s
It was the first night Steve had noticed how indescribably warm Tony’s eyes were. The first time he wondered if Tony had chapstick that made his lips look that soft.
“Steve and I,” he says, and oh, it’s ending, he’s telling people now. He’s lost Steve, for good now, and there it is,
Steve is having a good time, Nat and Bucky are talking about something intently, and Clint and Peter are two peas in a pod- everyone in his life that he loves are happy, and it stands to reason that he should be to.
Steve knows he doesn’t get to be upset about this. He tends to wait too long, not ask for what he wants even when he wants it so badly it crushes him.
“Welcome back, Sergeant.” Tony hears himself say, that press voice. Steve always hated his press voice. “You’re welcome to the tower, anything you might need. We’re just glad you’re safe.”
Steve laughs, pulls Tony onto the couch (super-strength is easy to forget about when Steve’s got that dopey smile) and then he’s in Steve’s lap.
Tony’s nervous. Right. Focus on that.
voice, and damn it he’s
Steve laughs, for real this time, and walks in the room, standing closer to Tony.
to get over.
of Brooklyn and war-asshole Steve there but he’s got a point here, and he’s
in there, did you think I was a
“I don’t know what I was thinking coming here, that you were my friend without- without
Tony drags him by the wrist to the workshop and everything seems to move a little slower, how Tony sits him down and sits across from him. he pulls out some bandages and alcohol and cotton swabs, and says nothing. It’s the quietest he’s seem him in ages.
Even if Steve wasn’t a vampire, Tony’s still rich and famous.
He’s talking to Peter there at the end, hands brushing his little forehead, so much affection. It’s almost like they’re family.
tactshun. I know.”
He doesn’t even mind he has to brush his teeth before he gets to kiss him again.
But he’d missed his shot, again. Waited too long, and now- Tony’s going to marry someone else, going to start a new life with someone, and it
“I get it, Steve. It’s better this way. We deserve to be happy.”
“You aren’t seeing anyone?”
“I’m stupid,” Tony said, rushed and
okay, because it makes me feel like you mean it and-“
“Me?”
Tony, who smelled like engine grease and happiness and pop tarts.
His knuckles are bleeding and ripped, and he’s got a cut up his face and generally looks, well. Awful.
He’s dressed well, some jeans and a T-shirt with a chemistry joke, and Steve- he just wants to hug him, okay, he’s real sweet-
“I’m sweet on you,” he says, because cowardice isn’t really his thing, and he’s played that card far too much lately, “Pretty sure it’s more than uh, keen. And I keep tryna’ get you to look my way, but I don’t think you really hear me that well.”
Right before he drifts off, because Steve is warm and he’s happy and he can’t get the look of
“That’s different-“
like Tony. He doesn’t want to date him. It could never happen, a Baseliner and an Unhuman.
“You don’t need to win me over, Steve,” Tony says, guiding him to sit on the couch, “I already think you’re great.”
(Fallen asleep
and if he can do this, get tony to believe he wants him and
I think you deserve this more than an anyone.”
He sees how Steve used to be. Reserved, never laughing at the stupid jokes he made, keeping to himself, in the gym, in his room-
him (well, he has, but you know) but he does miss him.
“Steve…” oh, there it is, Tony wants something. His voice is soft and precious and Steve hates how he can read Tony like a script. His name sounds so good on Tony’s voice. “I have this gala, and I was wondering, well- I, uh,”
Quick little sobs, fists clenched like he’s not allowed to reach out.
He knows better than to ask if he’s okay, knowing whatever Steve says will be a lie.
“I know this is hard for you, Tony. I know that you don’t remember who you’re supposed to trust most, that everything is knew and scary for you right now. But I-“ Steve took a breath, and did what Tony calls the
Rhodey finds out on a Tuesday months after the event, through an echo of a scar.
Tony was the best thing that ever happened to him, the best thing that happened to so many people.
“If you want,” Steve says, and yes,
hasn’t felt like he’s been home since Tony stopped being around to show him, and when Steve kisses him now, it’s everything.
“You don’t know what I want.” Steve says, and that’s his
“Hey, whoah, no,” Tony looked at him like he’s got two heads, and he loves that about Tony, how ridiculous he finds the idea of someone not liking him, “why would you think that? No, Steve. I like you because you’re funny and kind and selfless and sweet and you actually, for some strange reason, seem to like me too. It’s not just… that. Never.
“Steve–” He whimpered out in between sobs before he could tie his tongue into a knot and keep it from ever uttering another word again.
than let Steve see him like this, absolutely
“No, actually, I didn’t,” Tony took another sip of his coffee, “I wonder who did, though.” This time, as he looked down at the dyed marshmallows in his milk, he failed to notice both the involuntary smile he pressed into the rim of his Iron Man mug and the one Steve stifled around a mouthful of his cereal.
What he found in the kitchen, instead, was a certain Steve Rogers, his head rested in the palm of his hand, white light from the stovetop outlining his silhouette, face hidden in the shadows of an hour only suitable for summoning the devil and howling at the moon.
Tony looked over his shoulder and smiled a little, as much as his lips allowed him to.
“Right away, Sir.”
“Hey, you don’t have to let me in if you don’t want to, but I’m not going back to bed,” Steve called back from behind the locked bathroom door — wait, fuck, he wasn’t sure if he locked the door, what if Steve just came in? He couldn’t let Steve see him like this, he would rather
Steve woke up from a dull migraine that he had been nursing for the past week or so. He sighed, taking a large sip of the lukewarm water from the bottle he had discarded in his room a few days ago. Everyone was always talking about how important drinking water is nowadays, but Steve was never really a fan of health schticks anyway. As he made his way to the kitchen, he asked his own brain not for the first time this week why it wasn’t healed by the oh-so-magical properties of the oh-so-magical serum. A look at the digital clock in the elevator told him it was 7am on a Sunday, and he tried to remember what time it was last night when Tony excused himself to his bedroom from movie night, claiming that he was too exhausted for thrillers that evening.
Steve was eating alone, when he smelled Tony again, and he just wanted it to go
And he let that hope fuck up the best friend he’s made in the new century.
“I’d take you out, yeah. I’d take you dancin’,” pauses, pulls Tony closer, “Maybe I could kiss you. If I was real lucky.”
Steve smirks like he has something he wants to say, and it dies so quickly it was barely there.
Tony loves his time with Steve.
“Hoping to be.” Tony smiles, and his eyes crinkle by the sides, and he wants to kiss his eyelids, hold him by the curve of his waist, and now he loves him.
It’s so early in life to be in a place like this. He’s got a chance.
So it’s not just… curiosity?” Because he hates the idea of that. Because kissing Tony is the best thing he’s ever felt, he couldn’t do it just for the goddamn experience, “You know- ‘I want to kiss a Monster and see what happens’ sorta thing? Because I don’t think I could- I wouldn’t be able to do that, Tony, I don’t want to just-“
“He calls you when he’s drunk. He comes home to you. You know all his secrets, and you know how much that is for Tony. For god sake, you knew about
“Then I will,” Tony says, and Tony is
But that doesn’t really stand well when he tries to walk, and Steve laughs, because he’s in love with this man, he is, really, really is.
