A few months later has them planning what they’re going to make dinner tonight. They’ve been debating between making some kind of stir fry or just ordering in this time, and eventually they come to decide on the fattier option. Tony calls and orders burgers and fries with some milkshakes and apple pie from one of his favorite diners and they wait for it to arrive in the kitchen where Steve is trying to talk Tony into watching Back to the Future and Tony is trying to talk Steve into Die Hard.
“You mean it?” He whispered.
“No, it’s just been a long time since anyone has done anything like this for me. Not since Pepper and I were together. I just appreciate it, that’s all.” He shrugged.
“Uh, I’m sorry for being late, I didn’t know there was an expected time,” he chuckled shyly. “I don’t really care what we get, I’ll eat pretty much anything.”
After a couple of weeks at the Tower everyone was settling in nicely. Occasionally Clint and Natasha would disappear for days at a time on super-secret missions, but when everyone was home the movie nights began. The team had decided sometime in the first few days living together that they needed to start catching Steve up on movies and TV shows. They had only had three so far, as they didn’t have a set schedule, they just kind of happened when everyone was home at the same time.
“No, not at all! I’m hoping it will be quite good actually.” Tony looks down and rubs the back of his neck. “I don’t want you to think that I’m bored or anything, because I’m definitely not.” Steve looks at him with curiosity. “I think we should try something new in bed,” Tony blurts.
“You got it, beautiful.” Steve backed up so he could stand and walk to the bedside table and grab the bottle of lube that was in it. “You know the drill, baby. On all fours please.” Tony worked up the strength to roll himself over and get up on his hands and knees. Steve noticed that Tony’s heavy belly was only a couple of inches away from touching the mattress in this position, which shot a pang of excitement straight down to his straining dick. He groaned, “Oh fuck,” he let out, breathing harder, “baby you’re getting so big. Have you weight yourself lately?” He asked, getting his fingers slicked up and circling Tony’s entrance.
“That was amazing,” Tony whispered.
“Thank you, both of you. Now I have to split because Steve will be waiting at home and we’re supposed to start tonight.” Tony says, giving Pepper a kiss on her forehead.
“Oh my gosh, I’m sorry I wasn’t looking where I was walking!” A voice said. Tony looked up and his eyes met a pair of beautiful baby blues. Now, this guy was Hot with a capital ‘H’. He was tall, at least six feet, he had blonde hair that was swept to the side slightly, and damn was this guy built. He looked like he could bench press a car if he wanted to.
“What? Why?” Tony questioned, curious.
Steve excused himself from the conversation with the man and began to walk over to where Tony was standing. As he got to him, he heard the end of the woman’s sentence, “It’s just a shame that everything really caught up with you, I mean look at you, you’ve really let yourself go. It’s a pity.” She finished, looking at him sadly.
“Well, I support you,” Nat says, “besides, I think you’ll both be very cute, I’ll be sure to pinch your cheeks.” Natasha points at him affirmingly.
“What?” Tony peeked up at him by tilting his head back.
“You said potentially, which implies that you know that there’s also potentially a chance that he would return your feelings. You should tell him Steve; I don’t think you’ll ruin anything. And believe me, I know things.” She smirked and hopped down off the stool she was occupying. “I’ll see you later, Clint and I are going to spar.”
After she left the kitchen Steve sat, contemplating what she’d said. He could tell Tony how he feels and chance making things weird, but that would also chance Tony returning his feelings. The thought of that happening made him feel all warm inside and he smiled to himself again.
“Thank you, guys, that means a lot to me, I know it will to Tony too.” Steve sighs, “I should probably get back home, he’s supposed to be back soon. We’re supposed to start tonight.”
After a couple of minutes he heard the elevator doors open and listened as Tony entered their living room. “Steve?” Tony called, “JARVIS said you have something to show me?”
“Date night.” Steve confirmed, chuckling.
Tony bit his lip. “I mean, she’s right isn’t she? It is a pity. I can understand where she’s coming from, you know?”
After making dinner for the two of them, a BLT with some potato chips on the side, Steve made his way down to the shop. As he descended the stairs, he could hear some loud music that he didn’t recognize. “JARVIS, would you let Tony know I’m outside?” The music stopped abruptly, and Tony looked up at the ceiling. After a second, he turned toward the door with an eyebrow raised. He said something Steve could not hear and then the glass door opened.
Tony laughed, sending back a winking face. Steve was a giant dork, that was one thing Tony had noticed over the last week, and to prove it, when Tony told him he was a dork, he responded with ‘I know you are, but what am I?’. This man would be the death of him.
“I guess so.” Steve paused and then smiled wide at Tony again, and without any hesitation suddenly grabbed Tony by the waist and hauled him up. Tony yelped and quickly wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and simultaneously closed his legs around Steve’s waist. He laughed loudly and rested his head in the crook between Steve’s neck and shoulder.
“Uh, JARVIS, what is this one? Does that mean what I think it means?”
“My floor? Like a whole floor?” Steve’s brow furrowed.
Recently Tony had begun absentmindedly resting his hands on the apex of his stomach when he had nothing else to do with them, as he was doing right now while he had a little pout on that beautiful face of his. “I just-,” he paused to take a deep breath, “This is the first event I’ve been too looking like this. People are going to be talking about me all night.”
Steve began moving in and out slowly, giving Tony time to adjust. As he picked up speed, Tony began begging, “faster Steve, god damn it, faster.”
Steve wraps his arms around Tony tightly, I could say the same to you, my love.”
“You don’t have to ask, stupid,” Tony says, pulling Steve down to meet him halfway.
“I don’t understand, is this because I missed breakfast? I’m sorry Tony, Fury needed my help planning a mission.” He said, hoping the apology would at least get him to lift the blackout.
“If I didn’t know any better, I’d think you’re trying to fatten me up, Rogers.” Tony said mischievously, Steve.
“He’s great, he’s going to make dinner for us tonight, which he never does. He’s such a good cook though, I wish he would do it more.” She says. She starts getting her things all packed up and ready to go home, “what are your plans tonight? Do you want to come over for dinner?”
It was just a few minutes past 5 when everything was finally ready. Steve set to work setting the table for the two of them, even going so far as to light a candle in the middle of the table. “JARVIS, dim the lights to 55% please.” He said, looking up the ceiling until the lights dimmed down. Looking around the kitchen he was pleased to see everything was ready to go. “Can you ask Tony to please come up here? Tell him I have something important to show him.” He requested. After a moment JARVIS relayed that Tony had started to close all his programs and pack up so he could head upstairs. Steve sat at the island in the kitchen to wait for him, trying to look as casual as possible.
Steve and Tony were sitting at the table the next morning, Tony with his coffee, Steve with his giant bowl of cereal.
“No, Captain. Sir is free Friday after five. Should I block out his calendar for this time?” JARVIS inquired.
Steve turned around and Tony was walking toward him, Tony looked like he was on a mission. He stalked right up to Steve and reached up to grab his face, he pulled Steve’s mouth straight down to his. The kiss was chaste and sweet, and Tony reached up to put one of his hands on the back of Steve’s neck to hold him there. “I have feelings for you, too. I had just kind of accepted that you wouldn’t feel the same.”
“We haven’t really been here for very long, but I also really don’t want to stay.” Tony responded, thinking. “Pepper might kill me, but oh well, I want to leave.”
“I love you, too, big guy.” Tony said, kissing Steve’s cheek.
“So, I wanted to talk to you about something…” Tony trails off, worried about what Steve would say. Tony had been thinking lately that they should try something new. In the bedroom. Not that their sex life was boring or anything, they had a very healthy and exciting sex life, Tony just wanted to push them to try something new.
After that, the night was full of talking and getting to know each other. Tony even stayed longer than Pepper, which was definitely going to be talked about between the two later. Steve and Tony talked through the night and, at the end, exchanged numbers.
“So, where do you want this to go Steve? I’m sorry, I’ve been wondering all night, but I wasn’t sure how to ask.” Tony stated, looking down and off to the side. “I just need to know, is this just a quick fuck, or do you want to see where this goes?”
Steve laughs, nodding his head. “Born and raised in Brooklyn. Joined the army for a while, did a couple of tours and then came back. I started out small, selling my paintings to people I knew and eventually someone I knew happened to know another person, and so on. Now I’m here,” he says, shrugging.
“Yes, Captain?” JARVIS responded.
They eat their food and eventually Steve is struggling to finish his third slice of apple pie and most of the other food is gone. Steve’s belly is taught and stretching his shirt out even more, while also forcing it to ride up. Steve’s chubby sides have stretch marks that are visible when his shirts ride up like this, and Tony makes sure to massage them the best he could until they could get those pants off.
“Hey, sugar,” Tony murmurs, “Sorry to wake you.”
“This is amazing Tony; did you do all this for the team?” Steve was quite frankly blown away. He began to feel awful for judging the man so harshly when they had first met. After Tony had taken the nuke through the portal during the battle it had become evident that he was much less selfish than Steve had originally thought. All this being put together for the team only solidified that.
Tony just smiles before walking toward his lover and wraps his arms around Steve’s thicker waist before looking up at him. Steve looks surprised for a moment before he relaxes a bit and wraps his arm around Tony in return, and looks down to meet his eyes as well. Tony lays a kiss directly over Steve’s heart. “You’re beautiful, baby.” He trails kisses up Steve’s chest to his collarbone and stops at the sensitive spot behind Steve’s ear where he feels the shiver that wracks the man’s body. “You’re beautiful no matter what size you are, always.”
Over the next few months, Steve and Tony continued to get closer, and Steve couldn’t believe he’d ever thought ill of the man. Every day he found another thing that proved how wrong he’d been about him. Right now, he and Tony were sitting in the kitchen while Tony snacked on cheese and crackers, and Steve worked on making chicken stir fry. Steve had noticed lately that Tony’s appetite had grown because of getting a good meal at least two times a day, and he was pleased with this. Tony hadn’t been eating enough before the team moved in. It had become a routine for them to eat together when they could.
“Sirs, the pizza is on it’s way up.” JARVIS said.
Feelings for Tony. Feelings for his best friend. Natasha had confronted him about it two weeks ago when Tony had come into the kitchen at eleven in the morning, he’d turned on the coffee pot and while he waited for it to start brewing, he stretched his back with his arms over his head.
“Are you
“Wait, go back, who said it’s not an option? Can you slow down so I can understand, please?” Steve says, “It’s when people get turned on by their partner gaining weight, like choosing to get fat?”
“Tony!” Pepper said as she came to his side. “What are you doing? I have people I want to meet.” Tony looked over at the crowed of people talking, all of them rich socialites just wanting to look good.
Steve became worried, wondering if something had happened at work or if something happened with Pepper or Rhodey. As he came to the glass door of the workshop it was indeed blacked out and there was no music playing. He knocked against the glass and waited a moment, but there was no answer. “Tony?” He knocked again. “Tony are you okay? Can I come in?” Still no answer. “Tony if you don’t respond that you’re okay I will not hesitate to break this door down to check on you.”
“How may I assist you?” Steve paused again, unsure.
The woman looked blown away, she eventually huffed and stormed off. Tony sighed in relief and leaned into Steve’s side. “I didn’t think anyone would be that outright rude about this, I just don’t want to be here anymore.” He just looked so sad, Steve couldn’t help running his hand up and down Tony’s back.
Tony hated these things. Art shows
. He’s only here because Pepper told him she’d stab him with one of her stilettos if he didn’t accompany her. He’s already seen a lot of people he didn’t want to see and there’s still an hour left to be here.
“Well, Cap, want the grand tour? I’ll take you to your floor afterward.” Tony asked with a big smile on his face.
“No, you’re not.” Steve chuckles, “If you didn’t want to, you wouldn’t have.”
“Thanks Pepper. I needed that. I guess I’ve just been so happy this last week, I’m scared to lose it.” He says, looking at his feet.
“What is it?” Tony asked, looking back.
“It’s all because of you, honey.” Tony moaned. “This is all your doing, all your hard work.”
“Okay, Tony.” He murmured. After that they spent the next few hours just talking and laughing together, and when Steve left, he found himself feeling lighter than he had since he’d woken up in this time.
“Hello gorgeous,” Steve said as he swooped in to land a kiss on Tony’s cheek. “How are you doing over here?” He paused to look at the woman, “oh sorry, ma’am, I need to steal him.” He wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist and began to pull him away from her, “I’m sure he’d love to keep talking to you except, well, he doesn’t.”
“In here!” Steve replied, feeling almost giddy as he waited for Tony to make his way to the kitchen.
After cleaning up and pausing to kiss a few times they finally began to get ready for the event. Steve got his suit on and began helping Tony with his when he was done gelling his hair in the bathroom. “Come here,” He said motioning for Tony to come closer. “Here’s your pants, I’ll get your shirt.”
“Our friends will still love us Tony, what, are they going to completely leave us behind just because we’re going to get fat? They’ll support us.”
“’Potentially’.” She murmured.
“What is he doing now?”
Steve looks away for a second and then looks back at Tony. “I want to see where this goes with you, and I don’t want you to feel pressured, if you do just want this to be a one-time thing, I can handle it.” Tony looks up at him, giving him a shy smile.
While out of the room Steve was thinking about the genius. How could he get Tony to see just how amazing and beautiful he was? He thought about it a little longer before deciding on setting up a date night for them. “JARVIS does Tony have anything scheduled for Friday after five o’clock?”
“Please, you don’t have to buy it just because you asked me about it, it’s fine, really.” Steve replied, looking serious.
“Tony,” Steve whispers. “Can I kiss you, please?”
“You’re nervous, aren’t you? Aw, Tony you really like this guy.”
Tony laughed outright, belly jumping with it. He finally rolled onto his side again so he could bring his hands up to Steve’s cheeks. He opened his mouth to say something, but Steve darted in quickly to kiss him before he could.
(See the end of the chapter for
They both laughed with one another. “We’re pretty dumb, huh?” Tony giggled.
“Oh, well if it isn’t… uh, Kirsten?” He asked, looking over his sunglasses at her. The woman scoffed, rolling her eyes at him.
He walked back to the table and ran a hand through Tony’s hair before offering it to Tony to help him stand. Tony took his hand and slowly stood up, as if weighed down. Steve reached his hands up to cup Tony’s face and leaned in to kiss him passionately, tasting the pie on his lips and moaned. Tony moved Steve’s hands out of the way so he could wrap his arms around his neck and got up on his tip toes to get a better angle. When they finally pulled away from each other, Tony looked at him with heat in his gaze. “Bedroom?” He asked.
Eventually Tony looked up, uncertain again. “Are you sure you want this? I’m not good at relationships. And now I have all this extra weight, I won’t hold it against you if you change your mind. O-or I could even try to lose it, if you want that.”
Yeah, he’d realized he was thinking about Tony very often. Little things, like wondering if he was having a good day at work, or hoping he was feeding himself when he was gone on business trips. At some point in their friendship Steve had developed
“I’m simply trying to make sure my fella is taken care of,” he replied playfully, picking up a smaller plate to put Tony’s piece of pie on. As he was adding the ice cream on top of the pie, he watched out of the corner of his eye as Tony reached down to undo his pants. At this point Steve was impossibly harder. Tony noticed this and raised him eyebrows, looking utterly too pleased with himself.
“Weight gain?” Steve asks, “What do you mean? What does that have to do with sex?”
“What’s wrong?” Steve jumped, not realizing Tony was already out of the shower. He was standing in the doorway of the bathroom with only a towel around his waist. Steve’s eyes went straight to his round belly, not quite hanging down over the towel, but resting on it.
The two of them dug in, and Steve felt more heat shoot through his body (more specifically, his groin) as Tony let out an obscene moan. “This is the best lasagna you’ve ever made; I swear.” He said with his eyes rolling back in his head.
Steve growls, deepening the kiss for a moment before pulling back to look into Tony’s eyes. “Make me fatter, Tony.”
“Holy fucking shit, Tony,” He moaned loudly, “You’re so fucking beautiful, baby, I’m so close, keep going,” He begged. He finally brought a hand up to give Tony’s throbbing cock the attention it deserved, using the plentiful precum to lubricate as he started moving his hand to match his hip thrusts.
Getting off the elevator, he looks around his lobby. There are a lot of people milling around as the end of the work day sets in and they all go home to their families, or cats, or you know, what have you. His eyes finally land on the large man facing the back wall, staring at his own painting hanging there. Tony works up his courage and walks over to Steve. When Steve notices him, he gets the biggest smile on his face, which in turn, makes Tony smile.
“If you want to.” Tony laughs, “One, two, three—”
He heard a small chuckle but kept his eyes closed. He heard Tony move closer, to rest his hands on Steve’s shoulders, rubbing softly. He pulled Steve forward and rested a hand on the back of his head to run his fingers through his blonde hair. Steve rested his cheek against Tony’s chest and nuzzled into the place between his pecks and his belly.
“Well it turned out amazingly. I think I want to buy it.” Tony said, winking.
“I want it, can we please buy this painting?” Tony begged, pouting his lip out.
Eventually the conversation flows more into talking about his life. He talks about Pepper and Happy, he tells Steve about his best friends Rhodey and Bruce. Tony became CEO of his company at 21 years old, after spending most (all) of his teenage years partying and sleeping around. He held on to the weapons manufacturing part of the company his dad had created after he died, until he was held at gunpoint on his way back from a gala and threatened because this man wearing a ski mask had a brother who was killed by one of his weapons.
“Look, would you calm down please? Steve and I are doing this whether we have your approval or not.” He snipes. “But I would like to be able to get it. You’re both two of the most important people in my life and I don’t want you upset with me, I just want you to know that Steve and I are happy to do this. We’re
“How about Thai? I haven’t had that in a while.” Natasha suggested. When everyone nodded or shrugged their shoulders she got up. “I’ll go make the call, is there anything specific anyone wants?” Nobody spoke up, so she pulled her cell phone out of her back pocket and walked out of the room.
“I’m sure that’s not true, Tony,” Steve began. “I’ve always believed that everything happens for a reason, maybe you just haven’t met the right person yet.” The right partner, he thought to himself. “You shouldn’t be with someone who wants to change something so big about you.” He looked Tony in the eye, “You deserve someone who will accept you for who you are.”
“Nothing, I’m fine.” Steve said quickly. Tony looked at him, calculating.
“I think you—,” Steve starts.
“Goodnight,” Natasha calls as she heads to the elevator. Everyone else says their good nights as well and goes their separate ways.
After eating and telling each other their life stories, they realized it was past ten o’clock and they realized they should be going. Leaving the diner was hard, Tony had loved his time there so much, but Steve reassured him they would be back another time. They decided to walk back to Stark Tower because it was close and they both spent a lot of the time just thinking, not talking. It was a comfortable silence, but Tony had to break it eventually.
Tony still looked shocked, but that shock quickly turned soft and excited as he started to walk towards Steve. When he got to his destination, he wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders and kissed his cheek before settling his head against Steve’s right shoulder as his favorite soldier’s arms closed around his waist.
Steve took a angry step forward and grabbed Tony’s chin to make him look at Steve. “Now you listen to me Tony Stark. You are not disgusting or gross. You will never be either of those things and I don’t ever want to hear those words out of your mouth again.” Steve sighed and looked down for a minute. When he looked back up at Tony’s face, he was sad to see unshed tears just waiting to fall. “Tony, I don’t ever want you to think those things about yourself,” He said softly. “They are the farthest thing from the truth.”
“I love you, too.” Steve whispers back before getting settled back into the couch with Tony curled into his fat side.
“Bummer,” he said, shrugging. “I guess I’ll have to see you later, Katie!” He said as he walked away.
“Well yeah, what else do you call texting non-stop for a week after meeting? I’m so worried that I’m going to mess this up, Pep. I haven’t been this interested in someone in a long, long time.” He bites his lip. “Plus he’s younger than me and he’s a beautiful man, he could have literally anyone else, he’s just going to be let down and want to find someone more his speed, I know it.” He’s just feeling so insecure. He’s just starting to wallow when he feels a smack to the back of his head. “Ow! What the hell Pep?”
“Can we say it at the same time?” Steve says
“Fine, Tony. You have my approval, but I want you having regular yearly check ups so we can keep up with your health. Steve, too.” Pepper sighs, putting her head back in her hands, obviously stressed out. Rhodey rubs her shoulder, and then looks at Tony again.
“Now are we ready?” Steve inquired with amusement in his tone. Tony nodded and took a step towards the door. “Wait,” Steve said stepping closer to Tony in order to put his arms around him in a hug. “It’s going to be okay, but if you need to leave at any point let me know and we’ll get out of there.” Steve kissed his temple. “You look gorgeous though, I love you.”
“Well damn am I glad you’re here now,” Tony says flirtatiously. The blush hadn’t really left Steve the whole time they’d been talking, but that makes it surge forward again. And he’d be damned if he didn’t want to find out how low that blush goes.
But Bucky's mom wouldn’t take it and let him go home still bleeding.
Cint sometimes joined in on their beer drinking movie nights.
And also maybe it wasn't like that maybe his mom met somebody special and maybe taken care off just meant bringing him a blanket or something like that. Yeah right. Or his mom took care off a sick person…ok Steve knew that was a ridiculous thought but still. Was take care off somebody a synonym for sex? How could Steve know. He should asked Bucky. Off course Bucky talked a lot about his conquests but he didn't use all these fancy metaphors everybody seemed to use these days.
"Papa does those things for my dad all the time," said Peter. "Dad's told me."
But Strange's twitching only grew more violent as they approached, and just as Tony reached a hand out towards him, he fell back to the ground, pitching forward onto his shaking hands.
"Sam went right in front of me, Steve," James said softly. "I tried to reach him, but by the time… there was just nothing left but ash."
“There’s a changing area over there if you don’t feel like going into the locker room, Peter,” Mr Rogers says, pointing to what looks like a kind of bathroom stall over by the stands.  “It might be a bit busy at the moment.”
the RT said with a shrug. "
And then, Tony and Peter, the two people Steve loved more than anything, walked out of his store, and out of his life.
The three of them ended up cooking breakfast for dinner at the request of Auntie Nat, who made some of the best French toast that Peter had ever eaten in his life, and then even made him a cup of hot chocolate afterwards while he was working on his homework. It wasn't as good as Papa's hot chocolate, but it still tasted good.
Yet another slam of metal against metal followed immediately by a booming crashing noise, and Peter leaped from his high perch on the wall, landing gracefully on the hard concrete floor. Racing towards the raucous sounds of the fight, he arrived just in time to grab onto the fake Iron Man's arm and keep him from firing his repulsor at Papa, who was doubled over and clutching his side.
Out of his closet he got fresh clothes he didn’t take with him when he left for college, towel and shampoo would be in the bathroom.
“But not that you would be in Brooklyn or why.” Steve wanted to push now he wanted Tony to sweat and tell him the truth about what he was doing the night before.
Not her personality but her looks.
Bucky knew of course he would be the first person to know if this fact changed.
Hey new chapter and this in under a week. Must be a record for me. But I think I'm gonna try to post at least once a week from now on. Let me now if you like it, I always love a feedback.
Every 4th of July they would collect all of the coins out of it and the amount of money that got collected during the year went to the scholarship program of their college.
So after High school they decided to go to college together.
Steve always thought it was pretty amazing how close and independent they were at the same time.
Steve actually tried not to think too much about that.
“So you're telling me that you drove to Brooklyn to get coffee?”
himself. How did they get here?
"Tony." Steve choked out, his eyes burning with the sting of tears that threatened to fall. He felt the familiar damping of his shirt and the realisation struck him that Tony was
He gazed down at his husband whose small figure was folded onto itself against the white sheets, his eyes still spaced out as the brown orbs stared at the far right corner of the room. Steve sighed, gently running his fingers across his scalp before he bent down to press a kiss and murmured, "I will be back in a minute."
Tony nodded as a hollow chuckle left his chapped lips. "Almost-- almost took the dog tags off too. But couldn't-- I couldn't cause you gave them to-- to
Tony's eyes snapped up. "What?"
, Tony looked so-- so
He felt the familiar brush of lips against his jaw and
." He didn't even remember what it was about. Maybe something about Tony acting closed off for no reason or the fact that not knowing enough about the Maximoff twins was getting on his nerves. He always knew he was a control freak and one thing escalated into another and then, they had a fight. He should have seen what was coming. "I should have known better."
"Tony, honey, no--"
after our first night and I just couldn't." He remembered that night. He cherished that night. People would assume that Tony  being Tony Stark would jump into the bed with his boyfriend the first moment he got but it was anything but that. Contrary to popular belief, in their relationship Tony had been the hesitant one when it came to that cause he knew. He knew the moment he let himself go completely in his most vulnerable state would be the moment when he would fall in love head over heels for the amazing blond tall man. So, when it finally happened, it was slow and lovable and peaceful. It made sense as something deep inside both of them clicked. The warm glow of the following morning had induced tears in Steve's eyes cause he had never felt so
myself."
"Tony," The fear seeped through the crack of his voice, "What's wrong?"
He expected Tony to say something-- a snarky remark about how FRIDAY was betraying him by ratting him out or an unnecessary flirty comment about how Steve was worrying about him. But he stayed silent in his arms as Steve led them towards their bedroom.
His voice came out small, "Stay."
"I hid it from you--"
"Wanda messed with your head and let you take the sceptre because she knew. She planted the seed of fear and knew that it would drive you to depths. Bruce was the one who agreed to help you--"
"Tony?"
you. Even though, it wasn't only you. It was all of us."
It had been a unanimous decision to not disclose to the public the actual story of how Ultron came into being. The story that was sold out was that the sceptre interacted itself with the AI present at the Stark Tower and Ultron was created. Tony hated the idea, it didn't make sense and more so, he hated hiding behind a cover up. But Fury was right. People were still hating on the Avengers, even though they didn't know the full story and if the truth got out, it would just be worse. The world needed the Avengers, irrespective of what PR stunt they had to hide behind.
your liver to fail?"
"And I will always love you way more than that."
"I-I don't know," Tony mumbled, letting out a weak chuckle as he allowed Steve to lead them out the workshop, "Lost count. JARVIS would know. J? J, how much did I--"
cause no, Steve was not going to cry. Not right now.
Because fuck,
Steve felt the air knocked out of his lungs at the statement. Tony didn't stutter and it only made his assumption concrete that this was something that had been on the genius's mind for awhile. His tone sounded resigned as if the battle was already lost. Steve couldn't help but stutter, "Wha--? Why would I-- Tony, why would you even think that I wanted to
Steve let out a shuddering breath at the confession and he felt the familiar sting of tears in his eyes because how the fuck did they get here? Him barely holding himself together as he led a drunk off his ass Tony who just indirectly admitted he wanted to
It hurt even more cause he knew Tony was avoiding him.
His husband visibly deflated, his hand falling dead weight against the linen sheets. He clenched his eyes shut, the pain visible as his face contorted into a frown. It reminded him of those days. The days early in their relationship-- when they pretended they were just friends but not quite-- when Steve wasn't aware of Tony's trauma and there were walls he could never get past through. It took him time to learn certain things - why Tony hated going swimming in pools or why sometimes a bombing in a movie would make him have a panic attack. Afghanistan was the answer to a lot of things, he assumed but there were so many that he yet didn't understand about the man he was falling in love with. The audible quavering sigh that escaped Tony's lips made Steve's chest seize in panic. The way Tony was clinging onto him wasn't his usual cute way -- when Steve would have to unwrap a koala Tony from his arms with ten different versions of
Howard always treated his tech as its master; demanding and dominating. Tony, on the other hand, for him was always so gentle, always so precious. The genius's mind was always working and Steve was sure Tony could turn anything into an impressive device. His tech from his knowledge, if anything, was never beneath him.
, apparently Steve couldn't remember anything because he also didn't know when was the last time that they kissed. Tony spoke up, murmuring against Steve's chest, "You- you are back. And we are here. And--and where's Peter? Where's my boy, Steve? I need my boy."
Steve approached him carefully, wary not to startle the man unnecessarily and stopped in front of him. "Tones."
. I was just-- I was just trying to protect everyone. Ultron wasn't supposed to-- We are so screwed, Steve. There are things out there that we are not even ready for. I was just trying to protect you and Peter and everyone. You--" He shook his head, wiping his cheeks with the back of his hand, "You died in my arms, Steve. That's what I saw. You and Peter cause I wasn't doing enough. And I couldn't let that happen. I am not-- I am not evil, I swear. I just wanted to do one right thing and I fucked up cause that's what I do. That's what I have done all my fucking life--"
after all this. I just can't keep doing this."
His voice didn't come out slurred, didn't waver with the amount of pain he was clearly feeling. Instead, it was stable, a scary calm as if he had practiced this a hundred times. Steve blinked in confusion. "What?"
"You believe me, don't you? When I say that I am sorry. Cause I am, Steve," An unwilling sob left his lips and Steve's heart broke at the sight. "They all think I am this-- this
Steve, I can't--"
"Honey," He continued gently, crouching beside him, "Tony." And yet, the brunette didn't look at him. Instead, Steve's eyes fell down at how terribly his arms were shaking and oh god, when was the last time he saw Tony eat something? "Hey, hey, love, look-" He heard Tony inhale sharply, still focused on the irrelevant project in his hands and his heart clenched. He held his husband's face between his hands, gently forcing Tony's gaze at him. "Sweetheart, look at me."
"Steve," Tony started out in surprise, almost as if he was only now aware of his arrival, "You are here."
Steve's heart clenched. "He's at Laura and Clint's, remember? We thought it would be a good idea to have him there till stuff got sorted out." Tony backed up from his chest, frowning as if he didn't remember talking to Steve about it. Then, he stumbled which made Steve curse as he leaned forward to hold him, "Jesus-- Tony, how much did you drink?"
"Steve, Steve,
," A lazy grin painted across his face and Steve tried to ignore the way Tony was slurring on his words as the genius pushed his face in Steve's chest. "I missed you."
"Is he not an adult? Mind I say an adult that can change into a raging green monster if he is forced to do something he doesn't want to?" He raised his eyebrown in anticipation silencing the man who just ducked his head, avoiding Steve's intense gaze. "And I should have known better too."
Tony kept fidgeting with the sleeves of his black tee, a clear sign of nervousness that was hid behind a wall of indifference as his voice came out empty, "I would get it. After everything-- Ultron, Sokovia, Pietro. I would get it if you wanted to--"
He took a deep breath, holding Tony's shaking hands between his as he stated, his voice firm and gentle, "I am here."
"I hate myself for all of it, Steve." It was whispered like a secret that would never see the light of the day. "Everything I did-- I just, I
"We fought," Steve said quietly, running the calluses of his thumb across Tony's collarbone, the guilt scratching at his throat, "When we got back the sceptre, you were acting different and I didn't get why and we just-- we
"Captain, might I add, Boss has also not eaten anything in the past thirty-seven hours and has not slept since last four days despite my constant reminders."
The genius's hands continued to fumble absentmindedly with the mess of wires and Steve's heart dropped at the unacknowledgement. Something was wrong. So
you?"
Steve knew there was no dearth of bleak promises in their world. Meaningless promises were made and broken but that night, as he held a shaking Tony in his arms, Steve promised himself that he would never let the man feel as if he was unloved, as if Steve would ever leave. He couldn't promise him a forever-- they both knew it didn't exist but Steve would be damned if the man he loved spent his life in fear that he was going to be abandoned. So, he held Tony tightly against his chest, every touch reassuring of the fact that they were together and alive as he whispered the following words, a promise that he would never break.
, out of all the things said yet, that was what hurt the most because Tony was never the one who just said he can't.
"That's cause they don't know I created Ultron," He snapped, struggling against Steve's assuring hold but in vain, "They just know it was a mistake involving alien tech and-- and they don't know. They hate me even though they don't know. Imagine them finding out-- you know what, tell them. That's what I deserve."
And yet, he resented the change. Fuck, so many things had changed. Ultron. Wanda. Pietro.
The engineer pressed his lips into a thin line as their eyes met and there was nothing Steve wanted to do more than cross the distance between them and hold his husband cause Tony looked so defeated as he said, his voice quiet, "If you wanted to file for a divorce, I meant."
He pushed himself from the wall and moved into the lab, the aforementioned lack of response worrying him. It seemed like that's all he was doing nowadays. Worrying about Tony. How could he not? Things had been so rocky between them lately and they hadn't had any chance to talk it out, not as Captain America and Iron Man but as Tony and Steve.
"Tony, wha--"
He ignored the unsettling feeling as he lowered Tony down, the corner of the bed dipping with their weight. The brunette laid across at once, the exhaustion visible in his fatigue form while Steve took off his watch, placing it gently on their bedside table. His eyes settled onto their wedding photo that resided there -- Tony in a grey suit standing on his tip toes to meet Steve's lips halfway, who funnily enough had a small pink flower held behind his right ear. It was one of the best moments of his life.
. Steve's mind drifted back off to their first meeting when he had thought that Tony Stark just couldn't cry. He had never been so wrong about someone on the first meeting. He had seen Tony cry before -- whether it was a way too emotional Pixar movie or Peter's first day at school or another one of his terrible terrible nightmares. It was never easy.
Steve felt the familiar tug of tension in his throat. He knew an upcoming breakdown when he saw one. And the way Tony was basically clinging to his body, almost as if begging for some form of contact made the wave of guilt crash in full force because Steve couldn't even remember the last time he had told Tony that he loved him. He allowed himself to say, wrapping his arms around the smaller man, "I missed you too, love."
Tony's eyes flickered to his and his mouth twisted into a displeased frown. "Where are you going?"
. And I get it. People died because of me. Wanda was right. I don't know the difference between saving the world and destroying it. I didn't-- I never wanted to hurt anyone-- You believe me, right?"
And Steve knew.
"But-"
"Boss had eleven glasses of scotch, two bottles of beer and four cigarettes."
Steve had to literally restrain himself from not pushing Tony against his chest and never let him go because the way Tony said it made Steve think that his husband believed that the blond would never return. "I told you I would be back in a couple of days, didn't I?" He managed to say, holding the shorter man up by his elbows as they stumbled to stand on their feet. "I just had some work to do at the new facility. And now I am back here. With you."
When Steve opened the door he smelled the familiar scent of cinnamon and home.
“Just go to bed sweety, everything is fine” he heard his mother answer. So the guy would stay the night? Was that a good sign? Steve didn’t know.
He didn't want a meaningless fling that was over after two weeks or even a night.
“Nothing, don't get all worked up about it punk Sam was just making a joke, don't sweat it Cap.”,Bucky laughed: “Your mum is the best anyway and I get it I would probably be worried if my mom didn't have my dad and Becka”
But the footballer didn't really want that. The girls who were interested in him in high school were nice but obviously desperate because everybody started having boyfriends and they didn't.
He was not exaggerating his roommate Tony possessed a similar suit and had told him how much it was worth. Also 80 dollars was the budget his mom had for food in a month.
The truth was Tony's nightly activities did not leave Steve unaffected multiple times Steve had gotten a hard one at, how he told himself, the noises Tony's companions for the night made.
When Clint felt comfortable with somebody he sometimes dropped little things about himself but never to much to put himself in a vulnerable place.
Even though Steve was not sure what he took the girls were definitely being to hard on the little boy for some little siblings fight.
First Bucky and Steve were disappointed that they couldn't live together “anymore” but Steve had the feeling that Bucky had gotten over his sadness the moment he laid eyes on his new roommate.
It was basically limited to his and Bucky's house.
Steve was not really sure what that meant but it was better not to ask.
When Steve and his mom went to church when he was little there was always this guy Steve still couldn't decide if he wanted to impress his mom or make her feel bad.
“No I was in Brooklyn at a party and then I went to check out the coffee place. I told you I was going out.” Tony's nervousness was getting more and more with each word.
“Oh I’m sorry! I didn’t know I had to check with you what I do and don’t. Where I am and where I go and at what time. No really I’m sorry that I forgot that you're allowed to decide about my life. You know what I’m gonna go to my car now, sit down and drive back to school I hope that is ok with you? If it’s not well that would be to bad because I would not give a shit.”
And it wasn't as if there were no offers. Even in high school when he was just a scrawny little kid one or two girls were interested in him. And now that he was a college football player with an, how Tony phrased it, American Pie smile and baby blue eyes and muscles like Adonis, people were throwing themselves at him to offer him there bodys.
First: He was on a scholarship himself without it he would never be able to afford college,
“First of all I don't call her everyday, I call her on a regular basis, she likes to know how I'm doing. My mom is home alone now and I worry she is lonely. So what's so bad about that I call her a lot?”,Steve asked: “We're close what's wrong about that, guys?”
Steve was a total virgin. The furthest he had ever gone was a kiss with tongue and that was at a party on a dare.
When Steve parked the car he got excited to see his mom again and realized how much he missed her. He locked his car, took his bag and walked in the door.
Not the longest chapter but it's gonna be cheesy and weird for Steve.
“Aww, man you really have to go already?” Bucky asked when Steve stood up to leave.
On the other hand Clint hid his body under clothes so big they would be loose on Steve and to distract people from his secrets he talked loud and a lot.
Out of his mother's room walked a man with brown  curly hair he looked to be very small especially if he would stand right next to Steve. It was hard to make out his facial features because the man was still turned towards the inside of the room.
Natasha was really scary and even though over time she showed Steve a little bit of a soft side she didn’t got less dangerous.
Damn he needed a cold shower to get his head straight again. He walked into the bathroom, this time without any interruption and got into the shower. Normally he would enjoy this way more to have a shower to himself for ones without worrying that another person would walk in but his head was just full of confusing thought ́s about his mom and Tony. omg god his mom was sleeping with a guy who he mastubated to! How sick was that? Oh god how was he gonna look his mom in the eyes?
First thing Steve wanted to do is shout to let his mom know he was home but then he remembered she might be sleeping and forgot to turn the lights off.
“Oh hey Steve”  Tony said definitely trying to sound casual but there was clearly a bit of shaking in the boys voice. Was he nervous? Tony was never nervous. Maybe it was him feeling guilty?
Well Steve did anyway there was never a person who was with Steve, Bucky could have walked in on.
Steve just rolled his eyes he wasn't really offended by Sam's comment he knew his friends and their jokes and even people liked to say it Steve wasn't stuck up.
Omg that was definitely too much for Steve, he felt like he was gonna throw up. The college student wished he would have just went to bed and didn't listen to that. That was probably karma.
Steve walked out of Bucky and Sam dorm and jogged to his own dorm on the other side off the ground with the big statue of Lincoln.
It was like their souls were connected and together they were shining bright like the sun and alone they were like two moons glowing in the dark each alone but still connect through space.
They met when Steve got in a fight with some older girls who were picking on a boy, who Steve knew was even younger than him.
The sound of the front door opening and closing startled Steve for a second till he remembered that it was just Tony leaving the house.
So to this day Steve still couldn’t make up his mind if this guy was just an arrogant prick that wants to make people feel bad for not having the same money as he has or if he was an arrogant prick who was showing off his wealth to impress women, in this case Steve's mother.
And don't forget Tony I'm not sure they would like each other. I know I really need to see her again I haven't seen her in like a month.”
All the papers due next week were written and he was really looking forward to spending time with his mom and not to study for ones.
Of course little Stevie thought it was great when people gave that much money for charity but even then he also knew that the suit the guy was wearing was worth the same as 2 years rent for their apartment.
Well maybe Tony didn't even know that this was Steve's mom. No that can't be true Tony always knew everything he probably even planned this. He knew Steve wanted to go home this weekend. Did the boy want to hurt Steve, to make fun of him or worse make fun of his mother? ...His mother! How could she do such a thing to him? First of how could she even sleep with a person that was the same age as him and second with Steves roommate. But would his mother do this? This whole thing was just really confusing to him. I mean who wouldn’t be confused about their roommate and mother having an affair.
And that’s exactly what he did ok Steve did not go right about that one and gave Tony a perfect opportunity to get mad at him and to get away. Even though Steve wanted to avoid Tony at first after he bumped into him he wanted answers but he went the wrong way about it.
Bucky stopped the fight and took Stove home where his mom patched him up even though Steve insisted he could just go home and wait till his mom would be back from work and let her do it.
Steve is finally home and hears something he is not happy about.
He hasn’t actually told his mum that he would be coming home this Friday.
When Tony brought girls up to their dorm to have some fun Steve always heard everything that was going on.
She read all those sleep studies that said how electronics disturbs the sleep so she strictly keep them out of her bedroom.
Seriously? Can’t this guy just leave? First his mother's bedroom and now his favorite coffee place? He really did not want to deal with this right now so he decided to just turn around and go back home, he would see Tony again early enough. He turned and wanted to start running but instead ran into another person, who stumbled back and fell back down onto the floor. The blode had an apology aöready on his lips when he saw who hw just ran over and no way! The world was definetly fucking with him! There was no way that he just bumped into Tony while his only thought was to avoid Tony. What irony!
Steve woke up the next morning still in his clothes from the day before and realized he really needed a shower. He smelled of sweat and beer and it was really not a nice way to wake up. Steve swung his legs out of his bed to sit up.
Now that Steve thought about it she reminded him a bit of Natasha.
Bucky and Steve grew up on the same block right next to each other.
You can not gain trust through pushing.
The footballer knew there was no way he was gonna asked his mom about it. It had to be Tony but this would have to wait now. Tony drove away in his car leaving Steve behind for a third time this weekend with his head full disturbing scenarios how the next time they met would go down.
So Bucky always teased that Steve as a hopeless romantic but Steve didn’t care. What Steve cared about right now was the man in his mother's bedroom. He tried to listen again to what was going on.
He should and he knew that but college was just a lot for Steve.
Because of her scary factor though nobody tried to get behind her mask not that a lot of people were interested in that anyway after they realized there was no chance for them to get it on with her.
I know it's been ike forever since I wrote an update but I'm trying to post more often now. I hope you like it. Maybe Im going to edit the other chapters if I have time because somtimes I read over them and think "What the hell did I write there"
When Bucky walked by Steve was already bleeding out of his nose but as Steve would recall everytime Bucky would tell this story so were two of the bullys.
The third reason he liked the tradition was that when you put a coin in the fountain while other students were present there always is somebody to wish this person good luck for their test and that was really cool.
His mom normally gave the coins she had in her purse or a dollar bill, this man though who always sat close to them would look at them when he made a big gesture while putting a twenty dollar bill into the basket, they were passing around.
Sam Wilson was one of the first people he met when he finally got to college because he was Bucky's roommate.
From the ground a pair of hazelnut brown eyes were looking at him with shock.
If he was not he was either out with his girlfriend Natasha or things got to much for him and he would be in the vents.
So he had three options when his roommate planned on bringing somebody with him, take a cold shower, listen to music on his headphones or leave the dorm.
She probably would check what I eat and then tell me everything I eat is bad for me.
That was not acceptable for Steve. He wanted to slam the door open and beat this guy up. His hand was already at the door knob when he stopped. Did he really wanted to see what was behind that door? To see what his mother and her lover were doing? No, really not.
Which annoyed quite a lot of girls in High school who wanted to date Bucky but that was ok.
She was hoping up and down on Bucky while his dick got buried deep in her vagina and her red hair was moving with her.
The first time got less and less a big deal over time for a lot of people and Steve was totally fine with that. There is nothing wrong with a person who loses their virginity in high school to a one night stand as long as it was their and their partners mutual decision.
After that she would go on and on about how clean it is and tell me about caring more about my health since I'm in college now and act responsible.
“Tony” ,Steve said short, “What are you doing here?”
He turned right and saw his old home a few lights were on which meant his mom was still awake.
You were not able to catch one without the other anymore.
Shield was a well known college and very close to New York which was very convenient for them.
Steve was not stupid or naive he did not expect to get married to the person he would lose his V-Card to nor that it will be the most magical thing that would ever happen to him. But he wants it to happen with a person he felt safe with sharing such a gift.
Natasha ones said she had to look that way to cover up her scared inside.
"And when did he move out here?"
Steve thought as he added a banana and a bottle of water to the plate of three sandwiches. But even as he thought it, he knew it was unlikely. Tony had been keeping pretty close tabs on Scott ever since they had paid off his back child support over a year ago, and from everything they had seen, he, his daughter, his wife, and her new husband seemed to all get along well. Scott had even had a new lady friend himself, a woman named Hope, who had also been reported missing by the former Mrs Lang.
Tony’s fingers clenched around the handle of his mug.  His blood had been at a near boiling point ever since his conference call with the head of the Stark Relief Foundation stationed in Sokovia, when he learned that not only had their entire supply of first aid supplies been stolen yet again by one of the warring factions, one of the relief workers had been killed in the crossfire during the theft.  Tony had been just about ready to offer to send his jet in to evacuate the rest of the workers when the woman in charge informed him that in no uncertain terms was she ready to pull out of there.
"Yeah, me too, but honey, we'd also absolutely have to get Pete somewhere safer than that hospital bed of his, because—" He broke off, looking away as tears rolled down his cheeks. "Because if anything were to happen to him, or to you, I don't—I don't—"
"I wanted to go for three, but the government put an ixnay on that one, so…" Tony continued. "They did at least create the thermodynamic astrophysics major for me though. Or let me create it. I pretty much taught it to myself."
“Oh, you don't say?” he said as he took another sip of his coffee.  He was trying to stall for as long as possible, but even he had to admit it was starting to get ridiculous.
"Here we are," Steve said as they stepped inside the newly remodelled training dome. He tapped the white star on his chest, standing still as his brand-new Captain America uniform flowed into place. Peter, in pure Peter fashion, had been walking around in his Iron Spider suit since the moment he woke up, freshly upgraded from its time in Wakanda, of course. As was Tony's armour, thanks to a few tips from Shuri.
Always the perfect gentleman was Tony's husband. Even on a simple walk from their home over to the training dome.
“Maybe I should’ve taken Tony up on his offer,” he muttered as he slowed to a stop behind a particularly bushy tree.  He narrowed his eyes as he leaned closer, cocking his head as he heard what appeared to be a high-pitched, barely-discernible buzzing sound, well out of the hearing range of a non-enhanced person.  Steve looked up at the top of the tree, not seeing anything that would indicate an explosive or other type of incendiary device, but unless the tree had been genetically altered to give off a noise, it definitely seemed to be booby-trapped.
Rogers Lane 6: 47.90
Steve gave an emphatic nod. "Absolutely. I love him, Buck, but he told me that he needed time to think and I need to respect that."
"While I was unable to identify who accessed the server, I did discover that the person or entity that did so was located in New York City."
"Yeah, and I'm pretty sure Tony's the only one who's up to that particular challenge," Sam said with wide eyes. "Now, that being said, how 'bout we schedule a regular time to talk a couple of times a week or so, yeah? Preferably during the daylight hours? Today's Wednesday, so say… Tuesdays and Thursdays after lunch?"
A sort of bluish light swept across the lenses of the glasses as the interface connected, with Bucky immediately stiffening on the bed. Steve flinched, taking a step towards the door before Tony could grab onto his hand.
too much like Tony's.
"Yeah, I guess. But since when did you like it quiet?" Ned asked. "You know what, nevermind. Wait till you hear what my mom heard yesterday at her book club."
In fact, Tony was going to make sure of it. Just to prove O'Brien and all of his discriminatory fuckers wrong.
"Have you heard back from your FBI connection about Toomes?" Steve asked after several heartbeats of silence.
"My dad did have to go to work," he said, rather petulantly. "He didn't want to, but they didn't give him a choice. They never give him a choice."
Which, judging from everything that he'd overheard from Dad and Papa regarding the battle, was probably a good thing. Peter far preferred remembering the feeling of absolute safety and serenity as he woke up in the hospital cuddled between his dads to the horrible sound of shattering glass in Dad's lab, even if he had been confused as hell as to how he got there, and why there was a massive tube poking out of his stomach.
"Thank you." Steve's jaw twitched as he tugged on Tony's hand, drawing him into a tight hug. "Please don't hide stuff like that from me again, sweetheart," he murmured. "It's always better to handle this stuff together, isn't it?"
Sensation made even more powerful by the fact that he knew Tony loved him beyond reason, just as he loved him.
"Yeah," Quill cut in. "I know you think you're probably pretty strong and all, but there's no way we can just wrestle him down and take the gauntlet. It'll just never work."
Steve was cut off as the enemy aircraft suddenly shot forward with a resounding
Dad shot a harsh scowl in Peter's direction as Dr Strange turned, a rather curious look on his face. "Pete, now's not really the time—"
So as it stood, they now had the support of the entire group of X-302 pilots, with Steve's next step being to discuss the plan with the pilots of the other patrol shifts. He had told Tony the night before that Major Lorne had even offered to help put out feelers for some of the B-shift pilots since he was pretty good friends with several of them, a nice demonstration of loyalty that not even Steve had anticipated.
"Damnit Pete, just answer the question!"
"Thanks, J," said Tony. "Oh, and if you don't mind, can you run another diagnostic on the locator chip in Steve's newest suit?"
"Here we go," Peter said under his breath, watching through his eyelashes as Papa shifted on his feet, his cheeks already flushing pink.
(See the end of the chapter for
It wasn't that Peter minded Grandpa's visits all that much. He had been correct when he'd told Dad that Grandpa really didn't have anything else to do. When he wasn't with Peter at the hospital he was either at their house—with only his whisky for company—or out wandering around in the streets, and out of those three choices Peter far preferred him being at the hospital. At least then he knew for sure that he was still alive.
And it hadn't even been the way Obie said it, like he was spitting out the words.  It had been the pure, utter contempt in his eyes as he’d proceeded to give Tony a tongue-lashing worthy of Gunnery Sergeant Hartman in
"All right, everyone on my position," he said. "Eyes up. Stay sharp."
"I will, little guy. You take it easy too, okay?"
An attempt he aborted due to an immediate massive rush of pain, throbbing its way from the tips of his fingers all the way up to his elbow.
And that was just Peter. Add in everything that had happened to Steve since he'd been pulled from the ice, and… well… it was no wonder that no one ever got a decent night's sleep in the penthouse.
“Good.  Now, go on and broaden your mind there, youngling,” Tony said, frowning when Peter giggled.  “What?  I could’ve sworn that I used it the right way this time!”
"Oh, so you're both a genius and a gentleman?" Gwen asked as they started walking towards the exit, with Peter clinging to his backpack strap as if he thought it might suddenly hop away. "Which one of your dads taught you that?"
Tony's brown eyes were so troubled as they locked with Steve's that his heart gave a painful lurch. "Yeah, honey, okay. Tell me what's going on."
That leader had been Hitler, and while JARVIS hadn't yet found anything linking President Cole to HYDRA itself or any known individuals involved in the Nazi organisation, Steve had a sinking feeling that it was there, just lying in wait somewhere beneath the many layers of rhetoric.
As if in direct contrast with his stormy emotions, the sun was shining brightly outside, the late spring air crisp and cool as Steve mounted his motorcycle and took off in the direction of the nearby hospital, smiling as he felt the breeze whipping across his face and through his hair. He never bothered with a helmet, something he knew drove his ma mad with worry, but he had always rather enjoyed living a bit dangerously. There was nothing quite like the adrenaline rush that one got pulling out of a 3G dive just in time to avoid pancaking against a mountain, and since Steve had been driving motorcycles even longer than he'd been flying aircraft he figured he didn't need to worry about a helmet.
"Good," Steve whispered. "I love you, Tony. We did it. We won."
"Ah, nope, not too busy," Peter answered as he slid on his glasses, rubbing at his temples as he hefted himself off the bed, trying to fight off the slight headache behind his eyes.
Tony pleaded, his frightened tone nearly cracking Steve's heart in two. "
There was no way Stark Industries could create something this complex and innovative—if one could use such a word for something so…
Which, as far as he knew, meant getting the Time Stone—and the wizard attached to it, he supposed—back to Earth as soon as possible. Steve had wanted both stones in Wakanda so as to keep the fighting on only one front, and Tony had every intention of following through with that plan.
Unfortunately, the fact that Bucky was due to be discharged from the hospital sometime in the next two or three days meant that they had to coordinate Peter's transfer over to Ma's house sooner rather than later. As much as Steve trusted Sharon, neither Steve nor Tony wanted her to have to be solely responsible for Peter's safety, especially since her cover depended on her continuing her job as normal and Peter wasn't her only patient. Peter, of course, had tried to convince them that he would be fine where he was but Steve and Tony weren't having it, finally forcing Tony to use the "because I said so" excuse to convince him to cooperate.
"Well, that's what happens when our kid is a genius," Tony said.
Roughly five hours and three successful simulated space launches later, Steve climbed out of his cockpit, practically buzzing from all of the adrenaline coursing through his body. The simulations that Anthony had designed were the most realistic that Steve had ever seen in all of his years of flying. He had literally felt like he was flying into space all three times, and based on the look of awe on Bucky's face he was thinking the exact same thing.
And people used to call Tony a playboy.
Before Steve could even react Tony had torn himself free, rushing over to their son and tucking his head against his chest.
"I'm really glad we had this talk, little guy," Papa said as he pulled into the Tower garage.
"Apparently Master Peter has better eyes than I, sir, so I'm afraid not."
"Tony," Steve whispered. "It's gonna be okay. No matter what happens to me, both you and Peter will be safe, and to me that's what matters most."
"Well, he was able to use that to warn us about Rumlow way back when, and the Winter Soldier, and Obie right before he broke into the Tower, so I'm thinking that if he senses something weird about Toomes, it'll go off again and he'll tell us. Like he's always done."
To his credit Tony did at least make an attempt to hide his eyeroll, although it was not entirely successful. "Ah huh. And how'd that turn out for ya there, hmm?"
Peter thought bitterly. Liz was his friend, and it hurt him to think of her being alone and afraid in some strange place and having to pretend to be someone else, with only her mother knowing who she really was.
To Steve’s surprise, despite his lack of meetings, the day passes quickly, and soon he finds himself pacing back and forth inside his cubicle at 4:45pm, trying to decide if it’s too early to head down to the pool area.  He’s gone over Peter’s workout for the day at least a dozen times, tweaking a few things here and there, but for the last hour or so has found himself too caught up in his nerves to concentrate on anything.
“I am afraid that I am unsure, sir,” JARVIS answered, sounding quite disturbed.  “The last time stamp on the document prior to now is dated the eighteenth of February, 2006, so I am unsure as to how—”
"So, you got any ideas on how I can identify the stone's location?" Steve asked.
Time seemed to pause for a moment or two as the soundwaves from Tony's panicked cry slowly dissipated, with Steve's thudding heart the only sound until JARVIS spoke up, quiet and tentative.
"I want you to come too," he said, hooking his knees over Steve's hips. "Together."
"Uhh… rain
"Very good, Captain."
"Ah, yeah," answered Scott. "That's how Hank described it."
And torn backpacks and hoodie zippers, ripped shoelaces, and broken drawers and cabinet handles. Peter had once described it as feeling like a bull in a china shop, while still resembling a harmless bunny rabbit. He simply couldn't seem to control his own strength, but since it was so randomly inconsistent, he never knew exactly what to expect.
"All right, then," Steve said, rather awkwardly. "Mr Stacy, it was nice to meet you, sir. I hope you have a good rest of your day."
"Tony?" Sam called, his hands raised in question. "Should I—?"
But then again, based on what Steve had been able to observe of Peter's personality the previous day, he seemed to enjoy having company. So if his father couldn't be there, why not someone who could?
"No, school was okay," he said. "I'm just… can we just get home first? Please?"
Dr Cho cut him off with a nod and raised hand as she pressed her stethoscope to Peter's chest, while Bruce stuck warming packs in Peter's armpits and behind his knees and prepped him for an IV. "There are rales in his lung sounds but he seems to be moving air well, so whatever water is still down there should be able to work out on its own."
went without.
The fact that Gwen was probably seriously considering Oxford as a college choice suddenly hit Peter, and he let out a hard shudder, feeling like he'd just been zapped by one of Auntie Nat's widow's bites. He could barely handle the thought of Gwen being away for eleven weeks, there's no way they'd be able to survive four whole years apart on separate continents.
“Shh, honey.  None of that matters now.”  Tony didn't like thinking about what might’ve happened if he hadn’t met Steve.  Or if he hadn’t gone back to the bookstore that Monday and literally broken in to check on him.
“Uh huh,” Peter said as he stepped over to the workstation.  While Papa was perfectly fine with going ahead with the experiment, the day before he had broken down and asked Dad if he wouldn’t mind sitting with him and holding his hand while it ran.  Of course Dad had agreed, which meant that Peter was now responsible for activating the interface and monitoring Papa’s vital signs, with JARVIS serving as backup.
"What did you find?"
To put it bluntly, before Steve, Tony had just never felt comfortable sharing Peter with anyone.
Peter thought, pursing his lips as he finished chopping up the final bulb of garlic.
Tony was even certain that a couple of them had decided to return to Italy, to retire in the home of their ancestors.
And once again, the stark contrasts between military hospital care and civilian care were made blatantly obvious. As a civilian, Steve had always been pushed to the back of the line, one time nearly passing out on the floor of the emergency room as he and Ma waited for him to be seen, whereas now it seemed as though the doctors and nurses had been specifically waiting for him to come in.
It was a move that Tony recognised from one of their training sessions. After discovering that Rhodey and Sam worked really well together, Steve had tasked them with developing a few of their own manoeuvres to incorporate into their training.
"Yeah," Peter said around a mouthful of orange. "I tried to warn them about it, but Dad knows Mr Harrington so he's pretty much used to him, and Papa's too polite to be mean to anyone, so it should be okay."
the doctor asked.
"The Avengers have no plans at the moment to add any new members to our team," Steve cut in. "And if that time ever comes, we would decide on it as a team, for the team."
“Why am I such a goddamn
🔥 = this was so hot/ sweet!
"And one that's gonna have to wait for awhile," added Papa. "First we have to—"
Peter nodded, his entire chest feeling like it was on fire. "Yeah, but Dad, Dr Strange, he just gave Thanos the Time Stone! Doesn't that mean that we lost?"
"Mmm, that's not bad," Tony said after taking a tentative sip. "Pete help you make it?"
"I can definitely do that," said Steve. "I'll see you in a few days, okay?"
"We could build even more power plants, therefore reducing the overall strain on each individual plant and also reducing the chance of an accidental overload," Peter finished. "That's—well, as long as the extra energy buildup won't put any undue strain on the containment vessel, it should work."
"Copy that." Then Papa planted his feet and drew his shoulders back, readying his shield.
"Uh huh," Peter said with a rather enthusiastic nod. "Uncle James said we could watch a couple movies before bed, and Papa, Auntie Carol even told me that she's gonna try using your recipe for hot chocolate tonight."
"Uh huh."
"We're here, Tony," Natasha's low, raspy voice suddenly said from the secondary viewscreen as Barton strolled into view behind her, scratching at the back of his neck and yawning, looking like he'd just woken up from a nap.
How many hours had passed since he had last seen his father? It'd been when Dad had dropped Peter and Gwen off at their restaurant for dinner before the dance, so only about twelve hours, give or take a few minutes. Was that really long enough for HYDRA to grab him and transport him down here? And if so, where was the rest of the team? Were they all here too?
“I’m coming!” Steve grits out as he picks up his pace.  He races past a clump of trees, swiping his shield across the chin of yet another soldier as Hulk lets out another roar in the distance, knocking a deluge of fluffy snow loose from the surrounding treetops.
"Papa?" he asked. "What're we gonna do?"
Obie frowned, so deeply he appeared almost menacing.  “All right?  And?  Maybe I’m missing something here, Tony, but I’m just not understanding your point, and—”
Peter sucked in a deep breath as he knocked on the thick wooden door that led into Pepper's office, the office he'd spent so much of his life in when he was little. Not wanting to be away from him most of the time, Dad had set up an entire mini-nursery on one side of the massive room, complete with crib, rocking chair, cordoned-off play area, mini fridge and microwave for his bottles and food, and enough toys and books for probably three kids. Peter had spent at least part of almost every single day there until he was old enough to start school, and then after school he would usually hang out in there again until Dad was done working and they could go home.
“Buddy, I know Steve’s not okay,” Tony said, clearing his throat.  “But… I don't think we can help him the way that he needs.  He needs more than we can give him, and—”
"Uh huh," said Peter. "Whenever you're ready."
"I'll tell you how it feels!" Thanos rasped as Mantis cried out from her perch on his shoulders. "It feels like this!"
"What?" exclaimed the brooding, dark-haired pilot sitting next to Rogers in the front row. "What do you mean, 'exit the planet's atmosphere'?"
Natasha pursed her lips, her eyebrows knitting together into a sharp glare. "Well, you're not the only one who lost people, Steve. But I guess I'm still the only one trying to do something about it."
There's a short pause before he hears Tony respond.
“Absolutely.  You know Pete can’t wait to see ya.”  Tony pulled out his phone as Rhodey said goodbye to Steve, running a quick check of the news reports.  As he had suspected, right there on the front page of just about every major outlet was a photograph of Obie getting led out of Stark Tower in handcuffs, the headlines reading,
"Definitely," he said as he squeezed her waist one final time, taking care not to squeeze too hard. "I'll call you, okay?"
"Since you are indeed answering these questions under penalty of perjury, I don't believe that will be necessary, Mr Stark," said Davis. He tossed his top paper off to the side, letting it flutter to the floor. "Moving on, then, I was wondering if you might tell us how you came to be involved in the agency known as the Department of Damage Control?"
had better start teaching him the real purpose behind this company!”  Stepping around his desk, Obie clapped his hand on Tony’s shoulder, leaning in far too close.  “I know it’s sometimes hard for you to see this, but that kid of yours isn’t a baby anymore, Tony.  He is old enough to know what we do here, and yet, you just keep wanting to sugarcoat everything.  We are weapons’ manufacturers.  We’re iron mongers, we make weapons.  That’s what we do, and there’s no sense in trying to—”
"All right," said Davis, narrowing his already beady eyes. "Just one more question, then, Mr Stark, if I may."
"Hold on there, superman, just give me a minute!" Sam retorted, adjusting his sunglasses as he twirled the ball in his hand. Steve watched as he wound up, sucking in a sharp breath as his left foot rose from the ground and he initiated his swing as soon as Sam released the ball, hitting it square on and sending it flying. Shielding his eyes with his hand, Steve watched as the ball sailed in a perfect rainbow-esque arc right over the fence while Bucky just watched it go, not even bothering to try and run after it.
And less than a heartbeat later they were on their way, racing towards the past to try and repair their future.
Tony flinched, stamping down the whirlpool of panic swirling deep in his gut.  “Yeah, I’m thinking you’re right, but… there's still something that doesn't quite fit.  Pierce just isn’t smart enough to come up with something as big as this, and neither is Rumlow.  There has to be someone else in the background, pulling the strings.”  He huffed out a sharp breath, pressing the dog tags to his chest as he started to pace back and forth.
Tony gave a nod, glancing up at Steve through his eyelashes, his heart stuttering at the glorious sight. It had been such an exhausting day that at the moment Tony wanted nothing better than to crawl back under the torn sheets on Steve's bed and sleep for the next three days.
"Deputy police
Tony shot him a scowl, one so harsh that Steve pursed his lips, yanking him down the hall towards an empty conference room.
Steve was told by the surgeon before his operation that the recovery process following a rotator-cuff repair was one of the most painful joint recoveries out there, and
"Copy that, Cap."
Tony gritted his teeth. He should've known they wouldn't find anything, 'cause that would just be far too easy. But still…
Tony nodded rapidly. "Yeah, I know, but here's the thing, and honest to God we're gonna have to thank our kid for this when he comes home, 'cause this is really all thanks to him, but—"
Reluctantly, Tony released him, a soft smile playing on his lips as he watched Steve rise from the bed, the muscles in his back and shoulders flexing deliciously as he dressed in his running clothes.
"Ohh," he said softly, his eyes fluttering closed. "You know how much I love that."
"Mmm," grumbled Tony. "You're not giving me that darn pout of yours over the phone now, are ya?"
"So, did they surrender?" Bucky asked once Steve was back in formation.
"I can ask Pepper about it the next time I talk to her," Tony said, rather sheepishly. "'Cause I honestly don't even remember where she has it stored, so—"
At first, Steve didn't respond, too confused as to how in the hell he was able to look the man straight in the eye when he was lying on the floor.  It wasn’t until several heartbeats had passed that Steve realised that he actually
Tony cleared his throat, momentarily panicking. Was he supposed to shake her hand? Was he supposed to kiss it? Maybe he should've asked these kinds of questions
"Gwen! Hold—hold on, I'll get you! Just don't let go, okay?"
"Then I would suggest that you get yourself outta there, sir," said Steve.
Gwen gave a nod, crossing her arms in front of her. "That's—that's good," she said. "'Cause I know it would be even harder for you if he were—I mean, if you—if you—"
"Colonel Phillips said that you got two degrees while you were there?" Steve asked, selecting an orange from the pile of fruit. "And you did that in only four years?"
Several minutes passed as Peter waited, the bunker echoing with the fierce sounds of gunshots, metal crashing against stone, and lots and lots of shouting. From what he had gathered from the various voices barking orders, Gwen's father was there in the bunker with the rest of the team along with a few other police officers, which hopefully meant that the rest of the world would soon be aware of exactly what had been going on there.
Steve chuckled against Tony's chest. "I could," he said as he ground his hips down, his beautiful face twisting into a look of pure bliss at the delicious friction. Tony's breath caught at the sight of it, of his husband hovering over him, bathed in the afternoon autumn sunlight streaming through their bedroom windows, storing the image away in the deep recesses of his mind so he could pull it out at leisure later on.
Tony gulped, carefully cradling Steve's hand. "Okay, so… what do we do now?"
Steve grimaced as he lathered up his hair. "Oh gods, I do? How obvious is it?"
"I agree, sir."
Tony's frown grew deeper. "Okay. And when were you planning to tell me?"
Tony thought, stifling a cough as his traitorous mind proceeded to immediately conjure up a mental image of Captain Rogers standing in front of him wearing nothing except for… well… no, on second thought, nothing would do just fine, thank you very much.
"Because it's bullshit," said Tony. "Changing the relative distance between atoms messes with the Planck Scale. So, theoretically, you shouldn't even be here."
"Yeah, he's fine. Or as fine as he can be, I guess," Tony said with a shrug. "He also pretty much told me exactly what you said this morning, so…"
"Well, not sure if I can help too much with that one," Steve said with a grin. He took the glasses from Tony's hand, placing them gently on the coffee table before offering Tony his arm. "Shall we?"
Which Tony knew was just ridiculous. Usually someone had to at least talk to him first before they realised they hated him.
"Oh?" said Tony, raising an eyebrow. "And how'd that work out for 'em?"
Because as much as he hated to admit it, Steve was probably right. Bucky had spoken to Sam about those trigger words during some of his initial therapy sessions, and had explicitly warned him never to use the words in sequence out of fear that they would trigger Bucky's HYDRA programming, and his mind would once again be lost.
with a quick kiss. "Not to be too forward or anything, but… what'cha got in the bag?"
"Well, contrary to what you might sometimes think, we're not completely unaware of the fact that you and Gwen haven't been able to spend much time together recently, so… we've already arranged it. Bucky and Sam said it was fine, and Dad's already spoken to Chief Stacy about it as well."
It will get better, I promise.
"And over the course of the next several months, you then proceeded to begin a relationship with Mr Stark, is that also correct?"
Tony's jaw twitched as he glared up at Steve with glassy eyes. "And you know you don't have to," he stated. "You know it."
"Ah, no," Steve said, the dread he'd been trying to stamp down suddenly welling back up. Thanos' absence from their battlefield could only mean that he'd chosen to follow the Time Stone first, which meant—
how strong you are, or the fact that you call yourself a teenager, you're still our responsibility, and we're gonna do what we think is best for you whether you like it or not!"
Peter scrunched up his nose as he gave his reflection a final once-over, tugging on the tight collar of his dress shirt. He couldn't understand how Papa could tolerate wearing a suit and tie as often as he did. Peter had barely been wearing his for five minutes and he already felt like he was choking.
"Oh, that'd be awesome!" exclaimed Ned. "We could make it like a going-away party for Gwen!"
"He's already on his way, Tony," Sam replied. He quickly wrapped the blanket around Peter, mindful of his likely broken hands as he gathered him into his arms. "Bruce's already got a therapeutic bath running for Peter and Nat's coordinating the lockdown."
persona, Tony knew that Steve could be damn convincing when he wanted to be, and especially about something that he believed in with every fibre of his being.
"Hmm. Well, thanks. And I should be able to get there in time to see you tomorrow evening, all right? Colonel Phillips told me he's gonna make sure that I'm able to leave on time at least twice a week from now on."
"It'll have to be," said Tony. "Falcon, you'll cover for us?"
healthy.
"We were," answered Nebula. "But the Captain said that both Gamora and I were present in Wakanda with the others. Along with Mr Iron Man and the Ant-Man."
"Something like that."
“Okay, but, I’m still not sure what—” Obie tried again, this time cut off by Tony’s raised hand.  He’d been planning on going over these dates himself from the documents, not even thinking that of course Steve would already have them all memorised.
"I don't think guns are gonna work on it," Steve said as he took off for the opposite side, trying to stay behind the creature's back. "Where're Nat and Clint?"
," Tony breathed, already a bit lightheaded from the warm, humid air and the deluge of sensation coursing through his body. He reached around Steve's body to grab his ass, giving it a hard squeeze and delighting in the high-pitched squeak he pulled from his husband's throat. "Just tell me where and how."
"No, he can't, can he?" said Tony. "That kid couldn't tell a convincing lie if his life depended on it."
"Yeah," said Peter. "Which doesn't make any sense when you think about it. You'd think they'd try to lure the cadets in with nicer colours and then give them the uglier ones once they've got 'em hooked, wouldn't you?"
Which meant that they didn't lose. Not against the Chitauri, not against Obie and that mad hatter Aldrich Killian.
There was a pause as Dad turned away, typing furiously on his keyboard as Peter struggled with what to say next. He hadn't planned on getting into yet another argument, especially since his long-awaited weekend date with Gwen was supposed to start tomorrow. But he just couldn't stay quiet anymore. Despite everything that he and Papa were trying to do for Dad, none of it seemed to be helping, and he was only getting worse.
"Um, JARVIS? Can you zoom in on this position at all?"
"So… um… do you think he's from HYDRA?" Peter finally asked, his throat tightening when Papa flinched.
"Ah, I'm afraid the reports of my demise were greatly exaggerated," Thor said as he swung again, sending two war dogs careening into a third. Then he paused, tilting his head. "That is how the saying goes, is it not? Starkson told it to me, but for the life of me I cannot recall the exact wording."
“I love you, Tony,” he whispers.  “I love you so much, and I’m so sorry it took me so long to say it.  So from now on, I’m gonna tell you and that little boy the same thing every single day for the rest of my life.  You have my word.”
"Okay," Peter said. That kinda made sense. "But like what?"
"Stand back, Tony!" Clint ordered just before he fired the arrow, landing it directly into one of the splits left behind from the first. Tony braced himself as it exploded, a hair-raising
Tony squeezed his eyes closed, fighting against the tears threatening to fall as he took Peter's freezing hand between his own, cradling it against his cheek.
And they had.
It was on the tip of Tony's tongue to protest, to tell Steve that they really needed to start working on this right now, making plans and then making contingency plans for when those plans fell through, not wasting time dancing to big band in their living room. But then Steve started nuzzling Tony's temple, his hand tightening around his as they swayed to the old-fashioned music, and Tony realised that actually, this was exactly what he needed at the moment.
"But what's he doing here?" Peter asked as he swung even closer, squinting as he focused in on the street. "And where's Uncle Thor?"
"I think that's a good choice, Your Highness," said Steve. Creating a bottleneck would help to slow the enemy's advance, giving the team more time to pick them off.
And to make things even better, once again Ms Sharon had heard all of it too, causing her to act even more smothering with him. Most of the time he didn't mind the extra attention that he got from her, but he hated that she felt like she had to get even more lovey with him after he'd overheard more bad news.
It didn't mean that there wasn't a giant hole in his chest at the moment, though.
There was a short pause as Peter pondered Uncle Bucky's question. Now that the Phoenix mission was only a few days away he had honestly been wondering that very same thing. Wondering if it was really worth risking so many people's lives—or livelihoods—on something that wasn't a given. Wondering that even with all of the optimism that Papa tried to project during their nightly meetings, if deep down he feared that something might still go wrong.
That had been the rest of Admiral Nimitz's famous quote, which Peter had felt compelled to look up the day after that seemingly random trivia question, and now couldn't get out of his mind because of how well it seemed to describe his family's current situation.
"Tony—"
But even besides that, Tony then had to listen as Ms Roberts tearfully explained that the Stark Relief Foundation group in Sokovia had been attacked during the night, killing three of the aid workers and wounding over a dozen other people, including several injured civilians they had been treating from yet another targeted apartment building the day before.  Tony had immediately offered to send whatever they needed to help, and was in the middle of setting aside funds for transportation and funeral arrangements for the dead workers when Obie called him into his office.
Which was likely the very reason why he did it.
He could definitely do this all day.
"Steve's there?" Tony asked. "What, they call him up from the gym or something?"
“Nah, I don't need permission.  Not for something like this,” Peter said quickly.  He flipped over the box, noting the price sticker that read two-hundred and fifty dollars.  “My dad doesn't mind when I buy books.”
"No, you can't say a word about this to anyone!" Peter pleaded. "Look, I'm sure that Dad already inputted some kind of temporary block into the Phoenix satellites that'll prevent anyone from messing with them, but it's only gonna be temporary 'cause he's gonna be too worried about Papa to want to focus too much on it, which means that as long as I can get in there and find the right code, then we might still—"
