Maria Hill tries to negotiate again, but the meeting ends without the President hearing her. Bruce ushers her to somewhere, maybe to his office. But it’s final: the federal government will officially shut down at midnight. Tony feels vindicated, and Pepper has to hold him back from taunting the Republicans. “It’s really not nice to gloat,” she tells him, yet it’s clear that she’s satisfied with the turn of events and also wants to relish this victory in front of the Republicans.
They start off with a classic waltz to the orchestra’s rendition of ‘Moon River,’ and Steve cannot be thankful enough for all those ballroom dance classes that his aunt and uncle had insisted he take, if only to keep up with Rumiko’s more pedigreed upbringing. She is graceful and lithe in his arms, and perfectly content to let Steve lead them across the floor.
“I know that because he’s not the enemy,” he explains gently. His patience is running thin and he wants to get back to work, but he needs Kate to be in on this. He needs Kate to accept this arrangement. He needs Kate to understand exactly why he agreed to shake the hand of the big man from across the aisle. She’s like an extra limb to him, and he can’t be missing that limb, most especially at the height of the battle. “And because he is in the White House today for the same reason that we are in this office right now.”
As always, you can visit
” she screams, and the whole room suddenly becomes quiet.
Hey y'all! Sorry this took a while—I've had most of this written down for a month but the final section was a bitch to write. The next chapter will likely come faster since I've wanted to write that one for so long. Hope you enjoy!
The man gives his partner a terse nod, and she lifts his wrist to her lips. “We have Black Widow and Hawkeye.” She extends her arm towards the warehouse. “If you’ll follow me, please.”
“He’s actually good at distracting himself,” Darcy says, circling the rim of the mug with her forefinger. “He’s purposely bombarding himself with work so he doesn’t have to think about Natasha, which I approve of. He needs to distance himself from that woman for now. I love her and I think she’s an amazing woman, but damn, her emotional range is so out of this world.”
” he had spat out, which had angered Thor even more. “And I was dead to him long before God decided to punish his cruelty with cancer.”
“You knew?”
When they hang up and Tony is pacified enough to finally be able to sleep, he tucks away the earlier downcast mood brought about by his past relationship with Pepper in a filing cabinet in his mind, along with the moroseness of being and ending up alone. He replaces all this gloom with the electricity of the looming battle, and the thrill of a new friendship.
Well, things may have changed in the past six months, but yeah, friends. Kate won’t consider her anything less.
Tony doesn’t say anything for a while. When he does, it comes out soft.
“Am I interrupting anything?” Steve suddenly says as he enters the room.
But it’s still not enough. Tony can’t make sense of how strong a hold the Republicans have in his chamber when his party holds the majority. He’s been in this business way too long—he has gotten most of the habits down, the patterns, and really after 22 years of being in politics, he has figured out how everything works around here. So why then is Maria Hill still able to get one step ahead of him if he knows every trick in the book?
“Look,” Tony interrupts. “I’m all for you guys coming to my house, eating my food, drinking my booze, and making fun of all my life choices, but we’ve been going around in circles and no one has brought anything new to the table. So either we make the first move, or we wait for him to do it.”
“I’m sorry, you—“ Tony sighs. “I assumed you wanted to take this to the next level and then you hesitated and I didn’t want to ruin the moment and I then totally ruined the moment and I—“
“Post-partum depression, most likely. She couldn’t handle it, didn’t tell anyone, didn’t ask for treatment, so she left. I was already with the DNC then, but Scott begged me for help, so I hired a private investigator to find her in California, Nevada, Oregon—nothing. The whole thing took a toll on Scott so I would drive back and forth from Sacramento to Palo Alto every other day to make sure that Scott hadn’t set the house on fire. Turns out she spent about six years homeless, until a church in Phoenix, Arizona took her in and gave her a cleaning job,” Tony narrates, his voice a little restrained, as he skims through the row of books by his line of sight.
Her eyes light up in surprise. “Dum Dum, how wonderful to see you! Isn’t being Tony’s chauffeur way below your paygrade, hm?”
Jessica nods. “Which leaves us with more questions: if that’s the case, then which companies? Was the vibranium meant for Oscorp, or somewhere else? And how the hell did Pierce get involved in all of this?”
I just remembered—there was one time, I was either six or seven, and I was in Dad’s workshop with Pops. I don’t remember where Dad was but he wasn’t there, and Pops had fallen asleep on the cot. I was bored, I had 64 permanent markers around me, and two willing accomplices. I don’t remember what had gotten into my head, but I started drawing on one of the Dad’s Porsches with You and Dummy. JARVIS woke Pops up, but it was too late—the robots and I had already covered one side of the car with drawings of animals. Pops didn’t get mad—no surprise there. I think he was trying to figure out how to explain things to Dad, and when Dad came in, I remember Pops began with something along the lines of, “Tony, it’s not Mia’s fault, I fell asleep and—“ but Dad went straight past Pops and looked at what I had done. Dad said, “Oh wow, Steve. She’s got your hands. That’s—wow, that’s a really nice sketch of an African safari. Look at the detail on that giraffe.” Dad took me in his arms and gave me a kiss on the cheek while Pops stood there, shocked and dumbfounded at Dad’s reaction. My drawings are still there, and sometimes Dad takes that Porsche out for a spin.
“And it’s not registered in the US, so you can’t request for documents from the SEC,” Elektra finishes for him.
“Are you sure you don’t need any help, Mrs. Lewis?” Clint asks her. It’s just him and Anne this afternoon, as Henry, Darcy, and Kate had gone into town an hour earlier to run some errands.
Tony raises his eyebrows. “By who?”
Just. Thank you so so much for sticking around and still leaving comments even if its been months since I last updated. They honestly keep me going and keep me writing bit by bit. So please keep leaving your comments! I really really do appreciate them. Thank you thank you so much and I hope you enjoy this chapter :)
“It’s still Jane Foster. We’re married but she opted not to change her surname.”
“That’s…not a bad plan, actually.”
And that’s when it all clicks for her. “What makes you think that a delegation with businessmen would even get past the Dora Milaje?”
Tony laughs. “Of course it is.”
He is met by the bewildered face of the President of the United States.
Dugan replies with a small nod. “Good morning, Mr. Speaker.”
That someone is Darcy Lewis, assistant to Clint Barton, whose office, as far as Tony knows, is in another building at the other end of the Capitol. Yet, here she is, trading smiles with Kate in between trading words, perched on her desk, with her trademark red lips and, eugh—
Steve waves him off. “Just thinking about the budget.”
Steve’s eyebrows furrow in confusion. “Alexander…Pierce?”
“Steve, they’re
A point of concern was raised in the comments section of the previous chapter regarding 2011 as the year of the Presidential elections. We'd like to reiterate that we're using a completely different timeline (not unlike what the writers did for the West Wing) in order for the three of us to write more flexibly with regard to the hot topic issues in US politics today. Though we will be, of course, inventing our own relevant issues.
Where is everybody?
Jane shakes her head and smiles at him. “Don’t worry about it, doctor, happens to the best of us.”
Bruce adjusts his eyeglasses and reads from the piece of paper he’d been holding since he entered the Oval Office. “
“Is it really that bad that Thor’s brother is here? I mean, I know there’s no love lost between those two, but does he really have to call for back-up to deal with Loki?” Despite Darcy’s in-depth knowledge about the goings on in the Hill and her close relationship with Jane, neither she nor Thor have talked to Darcy about Loki in detail.
“Did you have anything else for me?”
Who knew that he would become the most powerful Democrat in the country? Not him, surely, not all those years ago when he gave his dad’s legacy the middle finger. He went to Stanford as a big, gigantic
Pepper rolls her eyes. “No need to keep flirting, Tony, you’ve already slept with the both of us.” She takes a sip from her coffee and inclines her head, eyebrow raised as if to challenge Tony.
Tony raises his eyebrow even higher. “Why would Fury call in your super secret spy club when we're doing well? There's no insurgency from either radical ends of the parties to merit a code green. And with Coulson, too? What did they want, a dance showdown?”
“Uncle Tones.”
“Didn’t peg you for a softie, Lang,” Tony responds with a smirk.
Tony gives her a wide smile. “Did you mean: adorable?”
Steve is very tired. He doesn’t even bother hiding that to his staff anymore. This budget war has taken a toll on him, and he doesn’t have the energy to put on a show. To make matters worse, it’s getting even more difficult for him to relax—the exhaustion creeps up on him during his few precious minutes alone in between meetings, and the fatigue comes crashing down at the end of the day when he’s at the residence trying to rest. To make matters worse, he’s way more anxious than normal. He never knew until this whole budget war blew up that it was possible to be so tired and so completely on the edge at the same time.
right now.”
“You called for me, Mr. President?” Sharon stands in the doorway to the Oval Office, clearly exhausted but still ready to do her duty.
Sam takes his leave, the others following suit. With them gone, Natasha turns on the charm offensive for Killian, determined to extract more information out of him. “What did you do to get on the Secretary of State’s bad side?” she teases.
“Maybe you should have thought of that before you let Rogers use up his only Fury card so early in the game.”
She goes around his desk and smacks his upper arm again, but it’s not the playful kind this time. “Are you out of your fucking mind?!” There is some intense smacking in between each word.
“She didn’t ask for custody when she showed up?”
She frowns and runs a hand through her hair.
“May I remind you that you were the one who decided we could cut their budget?”
I KNOW, I KNOW. It's been nine months. I apologize profusely. I graduated from uni last March, got a job last April, and have been working on a book (along with other projects) since then. I've only begun to find my rhythm, which was why I was able to write this chapter.
Kate puts on her serious voice. “The sun’s coming up. Shower then coffee, Tony. Lots of it. You’ve got a meeting with the team at seven-thirty. I’ll have a car pick you up at seven—I won’t allow you to drive without sleep.”
Pepper’s laughter rings throughout the whole house. It might not be such a bad day after all.
“Sir,” JARVIS says, breaking Tony from his ruminations. “Ms. Potts is at the front door.”
“We have your back, Tony,” Pepper assures him.
Tony lowers his voice, careful not to let Steve overhear him, who is watching Tony with a curious and slightly worried expression. “Is he dead?”
“Doesn’t mean you’re the good ones, either.”
department. If there’s one thing I’m sure about, dear, is that you don’t give a damn about what someone thinks of you unless that person is someone you really care about.”
“Everyone’s waiting in your workshop, as instructed,” Kate responds mutedly. “JARVIS is keeping an eye on them.”
Kate smacks him hard on the upper arm. “I’m serious,” she says, and it shows on her face. Tony’s revelation caught her off-guard—she is clearly not in a joking mood.
“Sharon?” he calls out, his voice a little hoarse.
He doesn’t respond immediately, but rather opens a can of beer and hands it to her. Kate accepts it gladly and takes a big gulp. “Tony asked you to check up on me?” Clint asks her after about a minute of silence.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I suspect she wasn’t happy to be called in."
Bruce shakes hands with the rest of the party. Thor is last, and he grips Bruce’s hand rather tightly. “Ah, the circumstance of my presence in this House is too deliciously ironic to ignore, don’t you think Mr. Banner?” Thor asks a little too jovially, trying to lighten the mood of the room.
Before Clint closes the door of his apartment, Kate bids him goodbye. “Bye bye, birdy.”
It takes Steve about twenty minutes of disquieted mulling before he picks up his phone to call the one person who may have some answers.
party, which belongs to the people of the United States of America—not your egotistical, greedy ass. You
Steve chuckles. “Are we back to ‘sir’ again? Come on, Tony. I didn’t ask you to come here so I could yell at you. I just want to talk.” He sits in front of Tony, his fingers twitching and his posture a little tense.
Jessica Jones goes down a flight of stairs hidden behind the dish cabinet of a gritty bar near Logan Circle. She is met by the tense yet excited faces of the Democratic Party’s most popular and most powerful political operatives. They’re all tuned to the flat screen mounted on the wall, the Justice department’s press conference playing on loop.
The tenderness in Tony’s eyes is the only answer he’ll ever need.
She gives him a steely look. “Don’t test me.” Tony raises his arms in surrender. “You’re not forgiven, you know that right?” she clarifies for him.
Don’t get him wrong—he doesn’t hate Hill. She’s a fierce woman and a reasonably good lawmaker, but she’s the product of everything Nick abhors about the Republican Party. The bullying and the scheming are not things Nick can tolerate very often, and he’s scolded Hill about her methods time and time again, but Maria Hill listens to absolutely no one, and Nick absolutely
anniversary.
Tony looks at Natasha with an eyebrow raised. “Oh?”
He gives his assistant a goading look. “Bite me, okay, I have a lot on my mind right now.” Tony turns back to his press secretary. “Did you get a call from Ororo Munroe?”
Steve blinks, not registering what Bruce had just said. “Justice Pierce…of the Supreme Court?”
Don't forget to leave a comment and tell me what you think!
“Well, given that you’ve graced us with your presence tonight, especially since you invited Kanye West, I’m sure that part’s been taken care of,” Clint had replied. This was usually how the banter started. They would be apart for weeks at a time, and usually without contact beyond work-related emails, but whenever they got a chance to, for some inexplicable reason, Natasha would come to him, and she would spend the night. Clint never asked, never tried push at the boundaries of whatever undefined thing they had because he knew that she wouldn’t let him in, not really.
Natasha raises an eyebrow in faux offense. “Duly noted.”
“Can someone please explain to me how they came about with this conclusion?” Clint asks, frustrated.
When Kate bids Clint goodnight, he hugs her tight before she leaves. She finds that she doesn’t want to let go just yet. “Thank you,” he whispers in her ear. “You don’t know how much I’ve needed this.”
“You might as well have.”
Clint stashes away the plan to take her to Prague. He files away the little things he knows about her—the scar on her knee from when she had been six and scraped it after climbing up a tree, the tick she has in her right pinkie when she can’t stand the conservative prick in front of her spouting another Biblical verse as proof for a bill that he feels shouldn’t be passed. He processes all these little things and stores them away, wraps them in the pain in his chest and swallows them down like a handful of Vicodin without water, keeps swallowing until his throat works again and he can school his features into something that doesn’t make him look like someone massacred his fucking dog in front of him.
“There’s no need for that,” she replies.
Pepper smoothens imaginary creases on her dress and smiles sweetly at Hill. “Just a friendly reminder from your Speaker, Miss Hill.” She turns around and proceeds to walk towards the door.
It doesn’t surprise anyone, really, that the meeting ends horribly.
Tony stares at Rumiko Fujikawa as she emerges from the St. Regis, the hundreds of thousands of beads of her long-sleeved powder blue sheath
Tony must be sensing Steve’s apprehension because he addresses it head on. “I only use this bar when I’m entertaining. I haven’t had a drink in thirteen years.”
Steve raises an eyebrow. “What do you mean ‘that's it?’”
“Do we have everything?”
“You’re not implying that—“
“The ghost of my father,” Cassie responds, deadpan.
Thor took a glance at his father and there it was, that tick in Odin’s jaw. It meant that his father was very close to saying words he would regret later, and Thor knew that in order to keep this confrontation from becoming a PR nightmare for the company, he would have to take the bullet.
“Sounds good.” Steve begins to walk around the kitchen to prepare the cooking utensils needed.
“The FBI’s been pulled in to follow the money trail of both companies,” Jessica adds. “I’ll let you know if the White-Collar Crime division has made some headway on this.”
have the full picture yet. I didn’t want to give you unconfirmed intel and I needed more time to figure out what was going on. I’m not purposely keeping anything from you to blindside you or attack you. Please, Steve.”
Your Dad has been sobbing for more than half an hour.
“A good morning indeed,” Natasha replies with a glint in her eye. She turns to the waiter. “I’ll have my usual. But open a bottle of your finest champagne and give us a pitcher of fresh orange juice. We’re celebrating.”
“We did it, Peg,” he whispers to the picture. “We did it.”
“Hm?” she responds distractedly.
“I don’t doubt that. Although Natasha would disagree with him. Strongly. Perhaps violently.”
And they’re trying. For the past three days, they’ve been trying
he hears in his head, and perhaps that’s Peggy’s voice,
“Steve.” Tony can’t believe how relieved he is to hear Steve’s voice on a night like this.
Steve watches him in a mix of confusion and amusement. “I always thought that you’d be the DNC’s next bet.”
“Why not? You obviously have good intentions for this country. You’re brilliant at what you do and the way you are able to command an audience is just sheer talent. I’d be scared out of my mind if I were to run against you in the next elections,” Steve tells him honestly.
He might need to have his hearing checked. “I’m sorry, who?”
“Natasha would
Steve shakes his head. “No, no. Let’s leave it for now. If something is amiss I’m sure it will turn up.” He sighs. “What’s your take on this?”
“Five kilograms of iron delivered from South Africa by a company called Alchemax.”
He nods in agreement. “That’s right, I’m Tony Stark. And I have a responsibility to our party and to this country to do what’s best.”
Hours later, they are tangled in each other’s arms, the sheets barely concealing their naked bodies. There’s a hum of satisfaction in the room, both men satiated and enjoying the afterglow of their intense lovemaking. There’s no rush to do anything, no need to make big, sudden movements. They’re both perfectly content to have their arms—and legs—around each other, basking in their quiet intimacy.
He hears her sigh and the tone of the conversation changes slightly. “Disappointed, obviously, as with the rest of the party. But you know Thor, always looking at the silver lining.”
He fires away. “I need you to dig up what you can about Richard Parker’s witness protection detail. See if you can figure out if Parker is still alive from his digital signatures in the past twenty minutes. I also need you to call SHIELD. I need their best people on the ground in Georgia as soon as possible. And have someone come pick me up in five minutes about two blocks from the White House.”
After seeing all his friends off and smiling the last of whatever holiday cheer he has, Tony finally leaves the room and heads out. He decides to brave the cold and walk the three miles from the bar to his house, forcing himself to brood over the Pierce case rather than dwell on the fact that he would be spending Thanksgiving alone and, an even more painful thought, that Steve had not talked to him in weeks.
“You did not just invoke my SAT scores when you know how much anxiety that stupid test gave me for a year.”
She chuckles softly. “Hey.”
Bruce greets back and Steve gives him a curt nod. “We’re not in very high spirits this morning, are we?” Phil notes.
“It goes without saying that this information is confidential and stays between the three of us,” Foggy reminds her.
“And one more thing, JARVIS.”
“Go right ahead. There’s another entrance to the house inside the library, it goes right into the garden. Feel free to stand imposingly by it,” Tony informs them. “I’m the only one who can open the basement, so just yell if you need to take a look at that as well.”
Waiting for any updates from the doctors was hell for Thor. He was always an optimistic and jolly person growing up, something that carried over even into the charged and stressful halls of the United States Senate, but he never did heartache and the agony of seeing his loved ones in pain particularly well. He barely kept his sanity intact when his father was sick. What more if Jane…?
Tony chuckles. “Coming from her, that’s a huge compliment.”
“And selling out this country is?”
T’Challa greets him the moment he comes within earshot. “Mr. Speaker.”
She raises an eyebrow. “I see my reputation precedes me.”
“Uh, sure, but that’s not even remotely the coolest thing in this room. Here, catch.” Tony tosses a small slab of rectangular glass at him, edges made blunt by a thick, red rubber framing.
“That I can agree with,” he says with a chuckle. “How’s he doing, though? It must be crazy up at the Hill right now. The President still hasn’t called for another meeting?”
He sits behind his desk and picks up the phone to call Natasha. “Sweetheart!” he greets her cheerfully. “Have you heard?”
Tony shakes his head. “We talked about vibranium, sure, I’ve been itching to get my hands on some samples—legally, of course—but absolutely nothing about this case.”
“You coming to AA anytime soon?”
“I’m serious, Kate. Look,” he puts his hands on her shoulders as a gesture of reassurance. “I know this is unorthodox even for me, but we need some modicum of cooperation if we are to get things done around here. The President has extended a helping hand—who am I to refuse it?”
Tony obeys, and proceeds to recount in excruciating detail the backroom events that have happened in the last few months, from the first call that he received from Steve, to the orchestrated government shutdown, to the bizarre and successive emergence of information that occurred today. Natasha is stoic during the whole narration, which can only mean that she is picking apart everything that Tony is saying.
The White House Chief of Staff comes in right after the Republicans do, and just like the previous meeting, he tries to make peace with everyone. Tony has always liked Bruce, respects him a lot too, so he listens to him when Bruce tells everyone to settle down. Kind of. He doesn’t stop giving Maria Hill smug smiles when they’ve all sat down and are just waiting for the President to arrive, and Pepper gives up on telling Tony to behave himself. Some things will just never change.
Cassie rolls her eyes and taps her foot on the ground, impatient. “Uncle Tony, you’ve checked, double-checked, and
“…then we might as well shut down the whole goddamn government!” Maria Hill declares.
This, then, is the unexpected. To go into a some sort of clandestine agreement with the President is something no one would ever dare expect of him—if Kate, his long-time assistant and perhaps the person who knows him best in this world, was utterly dumbfounded and even outraged about it, then this wouldn’t even fly in Maria Hill’s radar. Taking Maria Hill out of the picture is only way Tony sees that things can move forward and not screw them from behind.
“Knowing that he knows we’re making fun of him behind his back is half the fun,” Pepper teases, the accompanying smirk palpable across the line.
He chose Political Science because it seemed so far away, and so much more malleable than engineering. He expected to excel in it academically, as he has always done, but never really saw himself as a potential leader for the field. His young self had been attracted to the attention, and to some extent the power the position wielded, but from the moment he stepped foot in the DNC district office it had been one hard, thankless day’s work after another, whose results he will likely never see in his lifetime. So why had he stayed all these years when he could have done something with immediate and certainly life-changing consequences?
Guys, we’re back from dinner!
“Now now, Uncle Tony. I’ll start to think you don’t want me here,” she teases.
They all look at one another in absolute shock. No one speaks. Even Natasha is dumbfounded. Darcy looks absolutely elated, as if she was expecting this reaction. Clint is just leaning against a wall, trying to hide a smirk that’s playing on his lips.
She gives him a hard look. “Don’t call me ‘Pep.’”
She sighs, an expression that means he has let Tony off the hook for the time being. “Explain everything to me, from the beginning of this shit show until you walked into that door today. Leave nothing out or else I will change my mind about commuting your sentence, Anthony Stark.”
“Did you manage not to sound like an idiot over the phone?” Kate questions him.
And Steve kisses Tony.
“Can you at least try to talk about it without actually talking about it?” Steve asks carefully, not wanting to disturb Tony’s peace.
Finally, she hears muffled footsteps from inside the apartment. The door swings open and there stands Senator Clint Barton of New York, looking like a big, drunk baby in nothing but his socks, his underwear, and a shirt. He also looks like he hasn’t groomed himself in over a week. All in all, he looks terrible, more like a homeless person than a member of the United States Senate.
“You don’t need to remind me, I’m already on an election high. Wish I had been in the room with Maria Hill when the news outlets announced it. Her face would have been priceless,” Tony tells her, vengeful satisfaction evident in his every word.
“That’s the Matt I know and love.” Elektra’s drink appears and she takes a sip, enjoying the smoothness of her favorite top-shelf tequila. “I assume this is not a social call. What can I do for you?”
You guys can come out now, we’ve had enough sex to last us a couple of days!
Tony opens his mouth to respond, but a phone rings before he can even get a word out. Cassie holds up hers to let them know. “It’s school-related. Is it okay if I take this in the kitchen? My laptop’s there.”
Finally, they break away, their eyes locking—azure on steel blue. They’re both panting heavily, not quite sure what just happened or what to say, hands still on each other.
“Thank you, sir.” And they leave the three of them standing in the foyer.
she thinks, and shifts to sweetheart mode as she lets out an airy laugh. “Now you’re just flattering me, Mr. Killian.”
Surprisingly, that’s actually something they’ve learned from the great Tony Stark.
So the calls continue to come. They are a little past being professional and miles away from being personal, but they both have good ideas and valid points, and a good grasp of what each side wants. Tony finds that the rumors about Steve Rogers as a fair, nonjudgmental, and tolerant politician are true. With most of the politics set aside, it’s easy to move things forward with Steve’s brilliant and strategic mind as it complements well with Tony’s creative and ingenious one. The fact that they work well together surprised Tony during the first few calls.
in her voice that makes Tony both love and her and want to shake her. Yup, really too early in the morning for anything.
the Speaker is going to go about getting what they want.
UPDATE 01/01/13: I know you guys hate us for not having updated in more than a month, but
“We better call in our people,” Natasha instructs them.
"Might I remind you of your 9AM appointment with Miss Potts and company, sir?"
He had developed a relationship with clothes as he grew older, realizing how much power a well-tailored suit, perfectly tousled hair, and an electric smile had. That’s what had gotten him through his childhood, and that’s what aided his meteoric rise to the Speakership.
“Mr. Stark?” The voice is gentle and familiar, and it’s clear that a man is at the other end of this call.
Tony laughs. “Sure, Steve.”
Clint gives her a terse nod. “Stay sharp, ladies and gentlemen.”
“Well if you do figure it out while I’m still president, let me know so I can get the DOE right on it.”
A familiar drawl greets him at the other end of the line. “Well, Stark, this is a surprise.”
Tony finally looks up from his gadget. “Why, what’s up?”
Tony is genuinely shocked. “You watched him?”
“You wish, Stark,” Clint says with a smirk.
“Tony, you’re babbling.”
“Oh! Senate Appropriations. Right.”
Hill remains unmoved. “I won’t apologize for what I believe in, Potts, and I definitely won’t apologize for acting on it.”
“Well, I’m glad you finally got what you wanted,” Tony replies cheekily. He runs his fingers through Steve’s hair. “I like this look on you. All dirty and messed up.”
“Because you’re my favorite, Dum Dum,” Tony adds.
“I got it, I got it,” Tony says, his hands raised in supplication. Honestly. He’d get a new assistant if Kate wasn’t the best of the best. “Just make sure he knows I need to talk to him.”
“Ru, are you sure?” Pepper asks, trying to rein her in. “This is—you
Henry holds out the rectangular box to show them, dramatically taking off the lid. “Ta-da!” he and Darcy exclaim.
“To both of us, really.” She gives him a peck on the cheek. “This is turning out to be quite the party.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “Anyway,” he begins, turning back to an amused Steve, clearly enjoying the banter between the two. “Cassie was about seven when she realized that I wasn’t a fit guardian and asked why she never had real turkey during Thanksgiving. So that year I decided that we’d have an actual Thanksgiving dinner by learning how to cook a turkey.”
“It’s a pleasure, sir,” Tony responds tentatively, not knowing what else to say.
Clint takes a deep breath. “I just...I wanted to apologize.”
“With all due respect, Mr. Stark—“ another cough, “—but I’m the President of the United States.” It’s not a threat, but more like a reminder. Strangely enough, Tony doesn’t think that line came with a smirk.
“That’s not fair, Tony.”
It doesn’t help that Tony’s date and infamous ex-girlfriend looks just as spectacular as he is. Together, they’re absolutely stunning, all that influence, intellect, and beauty rolled into one package—every bit the perfect Washington power couple that they were all those years ago. Steve tries to keep a level head about this arrangement, since it was his idea for Tony to bring a date in the first place. Still, he is envious of the ease in which they interact with each other, the familiarity of their touches and quips, and the fact that they are both speaking in fluent Italian with the President of Italy and his wife. Steve feels like he can’t keep up, like he doesn’t belong.
She takes a look around and notices that there are more government employees in the café than usual, thanks to the shutdown. The President did make it clear that he would only negotiate with the leader of the Democratic Party, which could only mean closed door meetings with Tony, and perhaps if they’re lucky, Thor. Pepper is not exactly worried about getting what they want—Tony will see to it that they do—she’s just apprehensive about
Steve thinks,
Christ, I’m full on crying now. I can’t—
Tony can only smile at that.
Pepper thinks about it for a bit. “Let me talk to Hill.”
It’s been a little over a week since his last conversation with Tony, and he’s had a lot of time to think about the offer. He has also discussed the options with his senior staff—without mentioning his little arrangement with Tony, of course—and their reactions were surprisingly positive, which puts Steve in a sticky personal situation.
“Hey, don’t be a smart ass. You learned how to cook that year, be grateful.”
Even with the conclusion of the dinner formalities, the ballroom continues to be abuzz with excitement, just as Natasha had hoped it would be.
“Does she still hate me?”
“I need to be able to protect you,” he tells her seriously. “I’m not going to lie, this is potentially dangerous work, Ru, and I wouldn’t have enlisted your help if we weren’t desperate and if I didn’t think you could handle it. But we need you.
“I appreciate you saying that. But I should have listened to you. I should have believed you, and most importantly I should have trusted you.” Steve’s tone is soft yet firm, clearly trying to sound as genuine and as certain as possible. “And I shouldn’t have pushed you too hard.”
Jane stops, surprised. The call is almost always never for her. “Mine, really?” She grabs the phone on her nightstand and looks at the screen. “It’s Darcy,” she grumbles, but answers the call anyway. “This better be good or I’m going to tell Clint to fire you.”
When Kate wakes up, it’s a little bit past five in the morning. The sun isn’t out yet, but her desk lamp and the standing lamp beside the couch that she had forgotten to turn off some few hours before fill the living room with soft light. She had fallen asleep on her laptop keyboard. Scattered all over her desk are sheets of paper—documents, speeches, letters, requests, among other things—that she had been working on until the early hours of the morning. Across it, Darcy sleeps on the couch, a folder on her stomach with most of its contents spilled and strewn all over the floor along with other paperwork. She is still wearing yesterday’s clothes, and so is Kate—a sign of increasing pressure at work, no thanks to Maria Hill and her fellow Republicans. Unfortunately, work stress is also one of the many hazards of working for Tony Stark.
Steve doesn’t know what to make of that. “I…accept your apology, Congressman.”
that.”
“What’s up?” Tony questions, completely ignoring Pepper and Clint.
He goes to work with the second coffee of the day in his hand and a bagel in mouth. He’s still groggy and zoned out when he is greeted by animated babbling as he walks inside his office. His assistant, Kate Bishop, is already at her desk, chatting away with someone who doesn’t register in his head at first, already too lively in the morning for Tony’s tastes.
“I’m going to murder Kate,” Tony murmurs in her hair. “Nice to see Harvard that hasn’t killed you, Cass.”
“We’ve tried. We’ve tried really hard. She doesn’t want to listen. You know we can’t work this way, Congressman.” Steve sighs. He shouldn’t be talking to him like this. Not after everything they’ve been through. “I don’t want her to take the fall from this with nothing, Bucky.” The use of his first name makes Steve sound softer somewhat.
The last time I looked, kowtowing to Democrats isn’t governing, Fury. Or has your boy forgotten that he belongs in my party?”
“Fiery, headstrong brunettes who will stop at nothing to do what's right and seek the truth, no matter what the cost? Yeah, you have a type alright.”
Steve sees Tony break into a genuine, happy expression as they walk towards the center of the dance floor.
“Well, Tony, there are a lot of things you don’t know about me.”
They continue like this in relative silence for a while, only to be broken by the sound of the doorbell ringing. Tony and Cassie turn to each other, surprise on their faces.
“We’re not the bad guys here, America.”
“180, 170, 165,” Tony recites by heart.
“Ah,” Tony chuckles. “Kate did mention something to that effect. You guys have fun. Give the girls a hug for me.”
Steve swallows. “We have to…”
He misses Peggy more than anything, but he doesn’t let his mind and heart dwell on that for more than a second.
For all the years he spent worrying about Kate, about doing right by her, at least now he can see with his own two eyes that she’s found a place with a family that loves her, and deserves her love. And he finds that he has a place in that family, too.
Timothy “Dum-Dum” Dugan, Happy Hogan’s second-in-command at SHIELD Security, arrives in front of Tony Stark’s house at precisely seven in the morning. To his pleasant surprise, the Speaker of the House shuffles out the door of his townhouse at two minutes past the hour, seemingly ready and strangely raring to go. Dugan has known the congressman for a few years already, and it’s unusual for him to be prompt and energetic this early in the morning. Dugan observes him with a curious eye, wondering if Stark has already been given some good news, or if it’s just the lack of sleep. It’s probably the latter.
(White House/West Wing AU)
He takes a deep breath and exhales. “Look, even if you were right and she does have feelings for me, she doesn’t want to act on it.” He shrugs, trying to look nonchalant about the whole thing. “She doesn’t want to be with me.”
“Wait,” Jessica says suddenly. “Please tell me his daughter doesn’t happen to be Elizabeth Allan.”
“Us, or you?” Steve doesn’t bother hiding the distrust in his voice.
she says, exasperated. “Did they tell you anything about Loki, at least?”
I believe that would be me.
“I don’t think Rogers has ever been the problem,” Tony says thoughtfully. “If we were to be completely honest with ourselves, he submitted a balanced and relatively fair budget proposal. Granted, there were some things that went over our red lines, but there was still room for civil negotiations. Now we have tax cuts for the one percent and higher interest rates for student loans, among other things.”
. “I have it on good authority that they are.”
Obadiah Stane. You know what kind of person he is.”
“I can’t believe this,” Scott murmurs as he continues reading. “The IPCC isn’t slated to release the whole report until—“
“I really thought things were escalating—shut up,” he says as Tony’s lips quiver into a smirk. “And it was, I guess, but only in the bedroom. There I did your joke for you. The truth is, I really like Natasha and I want us to be together. I want to take her out on dinner, not because it’s a prelude to sex, but because I know she likes their dessert or something. I want lazy weekends, spent in bed, doing nothing except maybe use the bathroom.” Clint rests his head against the cool top.
Tony claps. “Ah, finally, some mercy.”
Clint chuckles, a little embarrassed that Anne had caught on his use of the typical politician tactic of diversion. He shrugs, an abashed smile on his face. “Like assistant, like boss.”
“Darcy’s told us about that much. She admires you a lot, you know.”
“A communicator. I’m wearing one as well.” Tony shows her the same device affixed on his lower auricle, invisible to anyone not looking for it. “Everyone on the team will be wearing one, so we can keep in touch throughout the night. The system is integrated with my personal AI—it’s intuitive and will know when to mute.”
“Yes, of course,” Tony replies quickly. He shifts in his seat and tries to condition himself back to normal. He rubs his temples and tries to smile—he’s the Speaker of the House, for crying out loud—and puts his game face on. “How can I be of service, Mr. President?”
“He’ll keep everyone entertained, and she’ll make sure he doesn’t kill himself with alcohol poisoning,” she tells him nonchalantly.
Tony sighs, and Steve can feel that he’s shaking his head as well. “You’re too good to be true. But I suppose I can’t fault you for that. And I see now why the country saw that you’d be better at running this country than Thor.” No one speaks for a moment. “I’ve been in this business longer than you, Steve. I’m being realistic. I want to give us a fighting chance.”
“No, no,” Steve says quickly, hoping to clarify things. “You’re not going as my official
Tony doesn’t answer immediately, and Steve feels as though he might have hurt him. “I thought you said you’d trust me, Steve.”
“Did you know that you’ll be accompanying the President to the state dinner for the Italian Prime Minister next week?” Peter asks cautiously.
“That’s creepy, you know, when you do that,” Pepper tells her with amusement and a hint of terror.
“The Defendant is charged with three counts of bribery, as he targeted members of law enforcement and the federal bench to ensure the release of the smuggled controlled substances from evidence hold.
Tony chuckles and gives her a hug. “Always the rebel.”
It’s been a crazy twenty years. We wanted to give you something that could perfectly capture this beautiful thing that you’ve created—your relationship, our family.
“You and the rest of us, sir,” Bruce sympathizes. “More than half the staff’s crashed already, I think.”
“What do you suggest we do, then?” Steve asks.
“I’m sorry, Bucky. I had no idea about this, but I don’t excuse my ignorance. I know this is partially my fault.” Steve rubs his temples and takes a deep breath. “The only way I can make this right is if we work together to push our agenda. I can’t give you back the seats you’ve lost, but I can give you my full support. However, it’s important that you work with me here.”
The ladies break into a smile. Janet, Pepper, and Natasha all rush towards Jessica and welcome her warmly.
She tilts her head, contemplating the man in front of her. “You really value this relationship you have with Steve Rogers, huh?”
Sure, he’s lonely. That is perhaps the one thing that hasn’t changed since he was young and growing up in the shadow of his dad. But he’s not alone anymore. He has a family here—a vibrant, diverse, and passionate family that wasn’t forced on him, but rather had come together around him to fight for worthy causes. Will he really let them down and leave them, after all these years of teamwork and camaraderie?
Steve jumps and frantically looks around. “What the heck?”
“But this is all theoretical?” Steve asks.
“Are you
godfather, and second of all, that’s nearly a seven-hour train ride!” Tony exclaims in exasperation. “And I had Kate confirm your
“How?” Natasha asks, flummoxed. “I’ve been trying for days and haven’t heard so much as a whisper on the Hill.”
But Dad and Pops, they were—they were just there for me. They made sure that they were always there when I needed someone. When I felt shitty, Dad would take me to his workshop and we’d work on a few things. Pops would play cards with me or make me a sandwich, and then talk to me about mundane things. It felt like…
“And I’m not at all happy with him,” she tells Fury with a sneer. “What does he take me for, a wimp? You know the Republicans in the House are out to get blood. Do you honestly think we’d allow that poor excuse of a budget to pass in my chamber?”
“Calling Loki would alert him that we know he’s up to something. We’ll lose any advantage we might have.” Natasha adds from the corner of the room. “And if anyone else knows about Loki being back in DC, no one’s talking about it.”
“I’m just kidding. You did great, Mr. President.” They both high-five. “We make a fantastic team.”
With a cheeky glint in his eye, he tells his assistant, “Wait. I’m going to need you to make a call for me.”
They head out to the west colonnade in relative silence, the Rose Garden alive and fragrant against the soft autumn breeze. The White House is stunning from the perspective of someone inside, more so now that everything seems to be so still, thanks to the shutdown. Steve has always loved walking here, and it has always made for great mornings. And it has also made for great evenings too, no matter how difficult and stressful his day had been.
just my…associate, I would say. I’m a bachelor, I don’t have a First Lady, and I could technically go stag but I really want you with there with me.”
“Where is he?”
What the hell is wrong with him? Why is he having such a hard time coming to terms with this damn meeting? It’s not as if it’s the first time he has come face to face with someone with seemingly more power than him. Frankly, his whole political career has lived off of these kinds of moments—moments where he outsmarts those who dare underestimate him. So why can’t he pull himself together and do his job today, of all days?
She laughs and it sends a chill down his spine. He has always loved Pepper’s laugh. “I don’t think we’ll ever be able to quit each other, Tony.” She leans against the kitchen counter, crosses her arms. “But that doesn’t mean that this...whatever we had, will work again.”
“Sir, Mr. Dugan has arrived,” JARVIS announces to Tony’s relief. He doesn’t think he can handle any more emotionally loaded conversations at the moment. He needs to steel himself for the fight in front of him.
Steve chuckles. “I think I’m allowed to this one time.”
“I can see that you like this room,” Tony remarks.
As you both know, I am not the most loquacious person on paper, nonetheless I’m writing to congratulate you on twenty years of marriage. The world has seen what you have done as part of the Avengers, the product of your flawless partnership as Captain American and Iron Man, but I have seen what you have done as parents to Mia and Peter. We all know that parenting is the most difficult job in the world, and for the both of you to have produced such extraordinary people in Peter and Mia, I could not be any prouder. I’m not entirely convinced that the world deserves your children, but I’m sure that Peter and Mia will work tirelessly to continue your legacies. Besides, they’ve already lived up to it.
“So what is it about, Uncle Tones?” she presses.
He wasn’t exactly a good kid—he got into trouble once in a while—but he kept to himself most of the time and made it a point to do well in school. He did well enough to get into a state school with a full ride, and later Columbia Law, where he was finally able to make his own decisions and take complete charge of his own life. But that meant slowly cutting ties with his family and pushing his past as far down a deep, black hole of forgetting as he possibly could.
“I’ll be right there with you,” Carol says. “Good luck.”
“Sure, go ahead. I’ll make us some breakfast.” Kate starts setting up the frying pan, but then stops. “Hey, Darcy?”
“Two. Wade and Darcy.”
“Err…” Tony scratches his chin. Kate waits for his response, eyes suspicious. “I wasn’t going to tell anyone else but you…”
) the most—and he can no longer touch her, see her, and feel her.
on November 30th and December 7th!
Tony chuckles. “You haven’t changed one bit.”
“No, we are not good!” Kate tells him, exasperated. “What are you doing? No, seriously, what the hell are you doing?”
crazy. I wouldn’t be Speaker of the House if I weren’t. But I’m not stupid, Kate. Stupid and crazy are two different things. You went to a good school, and I saw your transcripts, so you should know that. And you should know
Steve responds in the affirmative, takes a deep breath, and counts to three.
Loki had given his brother a hard, defiant, and sinister look. “Father was dead to me long before his body expired,
Tony takes a look at his watch. “I’m expecting one within the hour.”
Anne rolls her eyes and sighs. “Put it in my compost pile, I’ll try to make it into fertilizer.”
Steve chuckles. “I’ve learned to
He curls that fear into a little ball and tucks it at the far corners of his heart. He has to do this, at very least just so he can move on with his life.
Fury does a low whistle in surprise. “Wow.
“Red has always been your color, despite party affiliations,” Pepper says, amused.
Tony raised a hand. “For the record, it worked, and we’ve been doing it ever since.”
It’s Steve who finishes it off for him. “We’re going to have to tell our people about us.” He sighs. “Yeah, well, we were going to have to tell them sooner rather than later, anyway.”
“I’ll bet he resigned because he knew he was going to get slapped with this case.”
now and not we, the lovely underscoredom and dancetildawnmon have bowed out from writing due to hectic schedules (work for Dom, med school for Mon). So, if anyone is interested,
(White House/West Wing AU)
This has certainly been one of the most enjoyable chapters to write. I had been wanting to write this particular chapter for so long, it was a great experience putting my imagination into words, especially the latter half. It's about a thousand words more than my usual chapter length—that's how much I loved writing this.
“Does your gut instinct say he’s wrong?” he asks.
“My daughter picks good people. Always have,” she explains gently. “And she has a particular knack for picking the best ones. Glad to know some things never change.”
“It’s patented and everything,” Tony quips. “But that’s not even the coolest thing. JARVIS?”
When she gets down to the kitchen, Happy is finishing his call and already has a fresh pot of coffee ready for the both of them. Pepper smiles and kisses him on the cheek. “Good morning. Early start?” she asks as she pours herself and Happy a fresh cup of steaming Columbian coffee each.
Fury chuckles bitterly. “I’m open to new ideas. That’s why I asked you to meet with me.”
“Tonight feels extra special.”
When Tony gets the call from the White House Chief of Staff’s office later that morning to relay the President’s request for a meeting on the budget, he stops whatever he’s doing and actually throws his hands up in the air, sending papers flying around the foyer of his office, much to Kate’s chagrin.
Tony takes a moment to respond. “You're not wrong.”
Natasha smiles wickedly. “Oh, you do, don’t you?”
Bruce lets out a small laugh, but it’s Tony who answers the Senator. “But this time around, we hold the power. Don’t we, Thor?”
Thor gives her a tired yet grateful smile. “Thank you, mother. I honestly would not know what to do without you.”
Jane looks up at him, unsurprised yet expectant, and he only grips her hand tighter in response. They knew it would all boil down to Florida. They had tried to create an edge by spending the last days of his campaign there, but their efforts, it seems, weren’t enough. There’s sadness and disappointment in his chest, but, well—you win some, you lose some. He smiles at Jane, kisses her forehead, and turns to the staff that had worked so hard these past eighteen months.
“Alright,” he finally says. “I want Stark, Hill, and the Senate leadership here in the White House tomorrow.”
And in that moment, Tony snaps and loses any pretense in keeping calm. “Do you think this is a joke to me, Steve? Do you think I’m doing all of this just to spite you and the GOP? That I’m playing a game and using you to some selfish end?” He smiles, all fake and, if you look closely, a little pained. “I didn’t know you thought so little of me.”
“I’m dreading it already.”
“No, I’m g—“ Tony stops in the middle of his sentence, an idea suddenly popping into his head.
They finish dinner and head to their rooms to quickly dress into more comfortable clothing. Tony insists that he do the dishes, which Cassie accepts without much fuss. She accompanies him in the kitchen, writing a paper as he rinses plates, scrubs the pans and loads them into the dishwasher.
Tony keeps his resolve, unfazed by the willful Wakandan prince. “But you could have called me and told me that this was happening! And now, there’s a whole mess that has your vibranium at the center of it all. You
I hate you too. :) I’ll see you in the morning!
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
That is subject to discussion, but I’ll let it pass.
“This is incredible,” he finally manages to say. “You’re incredible.”
“Clint,” she says finally after cleaning up. Her expression is severe, and Clint looks as though he is bracing himself for chastising. She softens at his reaction, reminding herself that he’s having a tougher time than anyone else at the moment. “I know things are crazy but you can’t just let go like this. This isn’t the way to live.” She takes a seat beside him. “You have to start taking care of yourself.”
The student shrugs. “For now, maybe. But it’s not
for goodies like backstories and little things that we thought we'd put out there.
They stand there for a while by the door, their bodies close, kissing like their lives depend on it. The world around them is a haze, and everything else is so far away from them that it feels like they’re floating on air. Their kisses are hot, desperate, and unrelenting—like their mouths were made for nothing else but this—and what skin-on-skin contact they have with their clothes on feels like fire.
“Thanks,” he tells her as Kate takes off his coat. “Hold all my calls for the next half hour.” He hands her his briefcase and heads toward the conference room at the other end of the Speaker’s office.
“What made her decide to return to her daughter?”
She chuckles and says, “It’s never anything less with you.” She kisses him softly on the lips. “I’m proud of you.”
Thank you to everyone who commented and gave kudos. Really, your support helps a lot in pushing me to write, and I really appreciate it.
“Is he that special?”
Steve nearly sighs in relief. “That would be great.”
Rumiko makes a noise of dissent. “Please. This is the most fun I’ve had in months. Besides, I’m enjoying watching Tony making a fool of himself in front of the President.”
Steve shrugs. “Why shouldn’t it be? Our familiarity has so far been productive and positive. I don’t see why we should change that because we’re in the Oval Office.”
“Can I ask what the case is about?”
“I don’t understand why you Republicans have this incessant need to shove your beliefs down everyone’s throats. Most employees of religious hospitals and universities aren’t even Catholic, Hill. Religion is not the issue here. It’s women’s reproductive health, their right to choose for what’s best for their bodies, and it’s the government’s duty to provide women with all the possible options.”
“Maria Hill and her minions managed to insert a school prayer amendment into the bill,” Pepper informs them with a grimace on her face.
Thor’s back is hunched, hands gripping tightly, almost angrily, on the backrest of the chair in front of him. He’s trying hard to tune out the nervous, high-strung voices outside his room, because he can hardly think straight with all this commotion. One of the ten television screens is flashing red and blue on his face but he’s not paying any attention to it. He’s thinking about numbers. He finds it funny how numbers can mean so much in this country—how much, how many, too much, too little—and on a day like this, it’s the only thing that matters. But tomorrow those numbers will still be numbers, and sooner or later they will disappear into a sea of even more numbers, forgotten until someone digs them up again and remembers the how and the why. It’s funny yet disappointing how the issues can become just numbers, only to be abandoned and replaced by new numbers, until the issues themselves drown in the ocean of It Hardly Matters Anymore.
Steve hangs his head, a little ashamed. “I know, and I truly am sorry. My emotions got the better of me. I’m not proud of how I treated you last night.” He takes a deep breath. “The last thing I want to do is lose your trust.”
“Oh, yeah.” She glances at the post-it note in her hand. “Matt called. He said he’s back from Greece and that he’s coming to DC today. He has a souvenir for you, so he asked if you could give him a call so you guys could meet up.” She gives him a confused look. “I didn’t know Matt took vacations.”
“In many ways she is more than just my goddaughter,” Tony whispers, as if reading Steve’s mind. “Come on, I’ll show you the most exciting part of the house.”
"What can I say? Darcy makes the effort to come in on time."
been giving you the credit you deserve,” Steve tells him softly and honestly.
“It’ll be fun,” Clint says with a shrug and a smile. “I’m taking Natasha as my date, so our guardian angel will be watching over us.”
“Goodnight, Uncle Tones. Tell Rumiko I miss her, and tell Steve that I may not have the Secret Service protecting me 24/7, but I’ll find ways to hurt him if he doesn't take care of you.”
“Just pains in our asses,” Tony adds, and the President laughs. “Maria Hill?” he ventures to guess in a half-joking manner.
“Will do.” She turns to leave, and before she steps out of the room, she tells him, “Say hi to Tony for me,” with a wink.
“We will now open the floor for questions.”
Dear Steve and Tony,
“Sir?”
Natasha takes note of that and turns her attention back to Darcy and Clint. “Who gave you all this information?”
“Is there anything you need, sir?” she asks again, this time more carefully.
(White House/West Wing AU)
“Tony,” Pepper warns as Natasha cautions him in a dangerous tone with, “Stark.”
“Were we...supposed to?” Tony asks, genuinely confused.
“We’ll meet you in the library, okay? It’s just through that door,” Steve tells her gently.
"Ooh, baby, talk dirty to me."
Not to worry, I’m sneaking back in at 3. Do you think that’s enough time?
“Does the press know about this?”
She takes a few minutes before she gets up from bed. The day feels like it’s going to be an unpleasant one already. She’s had so many of these in the past couple of months, and to be honest, she doesn’t think it’s going to get any better soon. Talk about waking up on the wrong side of the bed.
Tony tilts his head, a little confused. “What do you mean?"
need you. You know your way around this world but aren’t involved enough for people to take you seriously, so they are more relaxed and will likely have looser lips around you. And, well…”
“Well, they’re not entirely wrong,” he says with a shrug.
That was when Thor started believing in destiny. He went to Culver to woo a plucky young woman who wasn’t afraid to stand up to big people. He came out of what was a haughty man’s folly as a new man with an authentic calling to serve, and a companion who truly believed in him.
“Rhodey knew about the case,” Tony tells him. “When we talked, he said,
No, it’s—hey Mi? I love you, you know that right?
you missed us, Tony,” she tells him coolly. It’s not an admonition, but more of an observation.
“First of all, I’m your
“I’m sorry?”
“Before anything else,” Wade interjects. “Let’s congratulate Janet for a job well done on the Carbon Emissions Reduction Act. After the vote this afternoon, we will have angered and alienated both the car and oil industries, hooray!”
Tony groans. Must be a Thursday. “What the hell are the Republicans trying to do now?”
Together, they’re—
“Mr. President,” the Congressman greets back, tone staid and neutral. “To what do I owe the honor?”
“That’s one piece of news I’m definitely not surprised to hear anymore.”
It’s been a tiring day, and Steve is just about ready to crash onto his bed and sleep until kingdom come. But there’s one thing he promised himself he’d do before he retires to the residence, and out of all the intelligence briefings and diplomatic calls and economic advisory meetings, this last task for the day is perhaps going to be the hardest.
The group falls quiet, taking in the weight of the information that was just dumped on them. While Tony, Clint and Natasha had heard all of this before, opening up to the rest of their team puts things into better perspective, and allows for new modes of thinking that could help them unravel the mysteries of a case that has suddenly gotten much bigger than bribery.
It takes him about an hour to walk from Logan Circle to Georgetown, and fatigue seeps through his bones as he trudges through the last half-mile. He thinks about what he’ll cook tonight—he promised himself he wouldn’t buy take-out, it’s Thanksgiving weekend after all—and absolutely cannot wait to bury himself in forgotten engineering projects for the next four days. Sure, he’ll be alone, but at least he’ll think of nothing else but codes and machines.
“Any ideas as to why he’s retiring so early?”
“I’m serious! That dynamic that you and Natasha have? I’ve never seen her have that with anyone else.”
“Sir, we’re approaching the White House,” Dum Dum informs them through the internal speakers. The car pulls up behind another black limousine in what seems to be a line forming at the North Lawn gate. Security is tight, as to be expected.
Hill can only gape at Fury in a mixture of disbelief, anger, and slight alarm.
He withdraws his hand before that thought swallows him like a tidal wave—like it has many times before—and chooses instead to focus his attention on Tony’s various inventions.
“The pleasure’s all yours,” Jane answered back coolly.
UPDATE 11/30/12:
Carol and Rhodey glance at each other uncomfortably. Tony sees it but doesn’t mention it, keeping his gaze firm and unyielding. Carol doesn’t budge for a second, a vision of calm, cool and collected in the face of Tony’s wordless insistence.
“We’ll be cooking and tasting stuff the whole afternoon. I don’t want to ruin my appetite,” Tony replies coolly, not taking his eyes off his phone.
*shy waving*
“Thank you, Bruce.”
Steve chuckles. “You always like it when I do this.”
“Your apology is accepted,” Steve replies.
It takes a few moments before Bucky speaks again, and the static silence is heavy between them. “Yes, I see it. I understand now, sir.” Pause. “I apologize for my tone of voice, earlier. I realize it was disrespectful of your office. I let my personal biases get in the way.”
When he opens the door, however, it doesn’t seem as though the universe is planning on giving him the peace and quiet he so desperately wants. He is greeted by the sight of a crimson duffel bag lying on the floor of the foyer, a pair white sneakers scattered towards the direction of the kitchen, and hip-hop music blasting from the speakers installed in every room in the house. Tony’s brows furrow, deposits his coat in the entryway closet and heads toward the kitchen, looking just about ready for a brawl.
“You ready?” Pepper asks as they head outside towards the car that Happy had sent for them.
But he doesn’t blame himself when he dreams of circuits and currents with a dash of blonde hair and clear, azure eyes.
“I don’t want to make you uncomfortable,” Tony murmurs. “I don’t want to do anything you don’t want to do.”
First of all, MY BIGGEST APOLOGIES for the two-month wait for this chapter. After I returned from the convention I attended last November and December, we planned to begin writing as soon as I landed on home turf, but unfortunately my university had other plans for me and decided to bombard me with schoolwork for the last two weeks of classes before the holidays. And holidays are just the absolute WORST time for me to write. Good thing I managed to get my bearings once the new year rolled around, and my co-authors and I actually finished this within a week!
“Because if you’re saying all of this to butter me up so I will finally give in about my information on Pierce, then you should just get straight to the point and ask me outright.”
Steve jumps a step back, startled. “Holy crap.”
Pepper shrugs. “Force of habit, I suppose.”
with some goodies and easter eggs. Drop by and say hi, and take some time to write a comment or two here as well. They keep me going :)
Seriously, those two are fucking
“That ringing is not coming from my phone.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, and Tony can feel him smiling at the other end of the line. “I’d like to change that too.”
Yeah, exactly. Home.
Before Steve can respond, however, Tony interjects, perhaps sensing how distracted he is. “I think President Rogers has left most of himself in the Situation Room,” Tony jokes, eliciting a laugh from the table. “Mrs. Eliodoro was just wondering when the dancing would start—if there would be any dancing at all.”
“I would honestly love to, Tony,” Steve says. “But I don’t think the Secret Service would be thrilled with the idea of me spending an evening outside of the residence.” Then he brightens up, as if he’d just had a eureka moment. “Why don’t you and Cassie spend Thanksgiving in the White House?”
Tony takes the seat to Steve’s left. “Care to share?” he asks as he takes a bite from his sandwich.
is yours.” She hands him a family-sized box of pizza, and on top of it is a plate of Pop Tarts and his own carton of shrimp dumplings—
She smiles smugly. “I got it from my godfather.”
“Thanks Tony. Let’s start with the case in Ohio. About eighteen months ago, a small think tank named Advanced Idea Mechanics, or AIM, was caught smuggling in about five kilograms of vibranium into Cleveland. They were charged but never went to court—the vibranium disappeared long before a trial date was set, and the judge ultimately dismissed the case,” Foggy explains.
“Eighty-seven.” Tony knows she's wearing that shit-eating grin she always has when she bests him in something. “But in all seriousness, Uncle Tones—he likes you. A lot. And that's coming from someone who has seen you through Rumiko, Pepper, and all the other heartaches in between.”
“Thanks,” he says with his campaign smile.
“I know that, Clint,” Tony snaps back, a little irritated. “But I’m not going to use him as a shortcut to getting what we want. It has taken me a very long time to build rapport with the White House and I’m not about to throw that all away just because I couldn’t get a meeting with an old friend.”
“Scoot over, come on.”
Kate smacks him on the upper arm again, but this time in a playful manner. “Shut up.”
"Yeah, that was the best." Definitely involved making out at the Red Rock Canyon, going by her sigh. It implies a desire for a repeat performance and Tony is taken to staring at Kate and Darcy with a look of bewilderment. Kate catches his expression and she laughs, playfully smacking Darcy off her desk. Darcy complies, smoothing down her skirt.
“You’re happy, right, Uncle Tones?”
He leans back and closes his eyes and lets Kate babble away. The government is shutting down, but hey, that’s all in a day’s work.
“Well, if anything, you can believe me.”
trust him?”
She puts a hand on his arm gently, offering comfort. “But you don’t have to. I know I haven’t really been here for you since Tony became the Speaker but that doesn’t mean you don’t have the right to come to me for help, Clint. I’m still… I’m still a part of your life.”
“I do,” Steve replies with certainty.
You’re going off topic now.
she notes mentally, but she’s still undecided as to whether she will actually outright thank him for flawlessly engineering their cover.
“Banner called. The President has asked to meet with both parties on the budget.
“Nick Fury wanted to call a strategy meeting for tomorrow,” Bruce tells him with a gentle laugh. “I told him to wait two or three days, let the staff catch their breath.”
“Aww, come on, Uncle Tones. Thanksgiving has always been our thing. Didn’t you want to spend it with me?” she asks, but with a hint of sadness in her voice.
Tony continues. “Then a couple of weeks ago, thanks to some epic sleuthing and with a little help from our friends, we uncovered two key elements in the Pierce saga: a case in Ohio that involved some vibranium and a man in New York named Richard Parker. I’ll let Foggy tell you the rest.”
He doesn't tell Tony and Cassie that he'd already been seeing stars the moment he stepped foot in the house.
Tony mock-sighs. “My goddaughter, ladies and gentlemen.”
She also holds out two tablets. These are different from the standard tablet given out. A deceitful panel of glass, with a dark red border, rounded at the corners; it was another one of Tony’s side projects and these two are specifically for work. It responds only to Kate and Tony. She hands him Tony’s and they both unlock their gadgets.
You know my door is always open if you need anything, but I know you’ve got it covered. I honestly cannot wait to see the finished product.
“I hardly think bringing an engaged woman as my beard would throw people off our gay scent,” Tony responds in an amused tone.
“Remember that high-profile sexual assault case in Empire State University a couple of years back? She ruled against the defendant, but an appellate court threw that out the window, proving once again that our justice system favors rich white boys.”
Kate sighs again. “Yeah, we are. But it’s only because you have big, adorable eyes. Thank God I’m a lesbian, because if I weren’t we would have problems with fraternization in the workplace.”
“Better thank Stark and Rumiko for our cover, Nat,” Clint tells her through the comms, as if reading her mind. “The room is completely distracted.”
The beautiful, terrible smile lights up the whole bar and doesn’t go away. “And I’m going to let him.”
“Am I supposed to believe that you’re doing this for the good of the nation?”
Come to bed.
Tony bows his head, not meeting Steve’s eyes. “I’m not completely faultless in this.”
“A more detailed breakdown of the indictments is currently being distributed to the press corps by staff members of the Justice department.
“Are you ready to go, sir?” the Secret Service agent, Billy, asks from the front seat.
America turns around and breaks into a smile. “Well, look who it is. Does your boss know you’re here, Bishop? Or did you take out a loan to pay for tonight’s damages?”
is what she means. “Where are we off to?”
“Steve, are we—“ Tony catches his breath as Steve moves down to assault his neck. “Are we taking this to the bedroom?” Steve stills, his breath hot on the spot where Tony’s neck meets his shoulder, and Tony backtracks. “Or not. We totally don’t need to. I am perfectly content with what we are doing right now. This is fine. This is more than fine, actually, this is—whatever you want to do, babe, this is totally your show, you can carry on—“
I was Peter Parker before I was Peter Stark-Rogers. Back then I was—well, to be honest, I don’t really know. I had lost my parents and my aunt and uncle because of what I could do. I was fifteen and angry at myself, angry at the world, and Dad and Pops, they took me in. They took in a—yeah, lost kid. That’s what I was. I was lost.
“You just admitted to the Speaker of the House—who is also, I might add, a member of the opposing party, a party that controls the House of Representatives and is therefore supposedly your number one enemy—that you, the President of the United States, are desperate enough to actually cross the aisle to ask for help. Not only that, you’re doing it behind the backs of your most trusted advisers. Can you see why I’m having trouble believing that we’re actually having this conversation right now?”
“Then there’s your answer,” he reassures her. “Sometimes Tony sees things that we mere mortals can’t see. Geniuses tend to have that skill. So trust your boss. God knows everyone else in this crazy party does.”
We’ll be waiting for you in the kitchen.
It’s so true, though.
Stop it, Tony.
Pepper rolls her eyes. “Coming from you, that’s new.”
But Rumiko only shrugs and gives him a small smile of acceptance. “My father did tell me never to get involved with you.”
"Cheek," Tony grumbles, rolling onto his back and onto the other side of the bed closer to the window, hoping that the sun will force him to get up. Of course, when he had the house renovated, he made sure to have the position smack down in the middle, so that becomes wishful thinking. "Someone should have a word with your maker."
His assistant notifies him that the Republicans have entered the building, and Bruce heads to the Roosevelt Room to welcome them. Of course, Hill is there, along with Senator Reed Richards and other Congressmen and Senators who are important members of the Budget and Appropriations Committees of their respective houses.
Clint agrees with him. “Good point.”
“Seems like you’ve been looking in the wrong place,” Darcy replies, and turns to Clint, as if passing the torch of explaining things to him.
Tony leaps from the bed, startling Steve, and immediately answers when he finds the phone in his pants pocket, not bothering to see who’s calling. “What’s the situation?” he asks with urgency.
Cassie rolls her eyes. “Yeah, as opposed to the seven other former presidents who went to Harvard. Not to mention various Nobel Prize winners, Pulitzer Prize winners, Oscar winners… Should I keep going?”
“You don’t have power, Miss Fujikawa. No matter how many cellphones or laptops or cars you sell, you are
“Don’t let it get to
Natasha throws her hands up, disbelief clear on her face. “On what planet, Fury? We agreed to trust each other and then suddenly I’m supposed to put every bit of gossip I hear on a silver platter and hand it to you? Please.”
Rumiko takes the small device and places it on the same location in her ear as Tony showed her. “You always have the most amazing toys,” she teases.
“And people say Tony Stark doesn’t have a heart.”
, he keeps telling himself.
“Yeah, I’m still here,” Tony replies, almost breathless.
, Tony.”
She cuts him off. “You’re worried about your meeting with the President tomorrow.”
“Shouldn’t we have at least Pepper and Natasha here for this conversation?”
quip piques Natasha’s interest.
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
Steve doesn’t know what Tony is up to, but he finds that he’s willing to take on his challenge. “Well, I would not want to steal the First Lady away from President Eliodoro…” He stands up and stretches out his right hand towards Rumiko. “But I would very much like to steal the Speaker’s enchanting date away from him. Miss Fujikawa, would you care to dance would me?”
She lifts her chin proudly. “First year, pre-med.”
“Holy fuck, Uncle Tony, what did you do?” asks the teenager incredulously.
“How are you going to meet with Matt, then?”
He does, however, have one more job to see through before he allows himself to close his eyes. He’s saved the best for last, since it is perhaps the most important and most difficult of all the things on his to-do list for the day. He props himself up in a seated position and musters all the energy and courage he has left for this final task.
you’re a Stark?”
“Still, when it comes to Wakanda, both are after the same thing.”
He carried the role of dutiful heir with ease, following orders and making the decisions that were expected of him. He went to Georgetown because that’s where Uncle Michael went. He enlisted in the army because Uncle Michael was one of the Senate’s staunchest supporters of veterans. Not once did he say no to his uncle, not once did he offer his opinion on his uncle’s plans for him. He said yes not because he was blindly walking along the path that had been laid out for him, but because it was a path that allowed him to use his privilege to help a lot of people.
"All we need now is a little AC/DC. They go hand in hand," Tony says as he kicks out the stool beside Clint, sitting himself on it.
“And saying nothing is not an option?” Natasha asks again.
“It wasn’t? What was it, then?” Steve’s curiosity is clearly piqued.
niece, he would correct her with an adoring laugh) is a reminder of the one person he loved (
“Only when you formally accept his resignation, which is being drafted right now and will be ready for your signature within the day. We will send both letters to the Senate as soon as you sign.”
“You’re being a child,” she tells him, but there’s a small smile playing about her lips.
“I could not have done it without you, my love.”
Whenever you’re ready, then.
Tony tilts his head, thoughtful. This is an opening, he thinks, an opening that he can decide to take or not. Where the opening goes, he doesn’t know just yet. He takes a deep breath.
So when about a month later he broke the news that he was attending graduate school at Culver University in the coming semester, everyone, including his father, was surprised. He didn’t mention his burning desire to see Jane again, of course, but they bought his sudden interest in public policy hook, line and sinker—even if the real reason he chose public policy was because he thought it would impress Jane, and that it would be the easiest program to finish.
“I love you too, jerkface.”
He sits alone in the master bedroom of his suite, trying his very best not to cry. The past year and a half is all a haze of long hours and buses and aircraft hangers and blue and red in his mind. He’s never liked the campaign trail, not when Uncle Michael did it during his youth, and most certainly not when he did it when he ran for Senate after his uncle’s death. During his first two terms, he had Peggy to lean on to, to gather strength from, and he survived all the madness because of her. This time around, he’s barely breathing.
Cassie sniggers. “No, I won’t.”
There is a momentary pause, just a few seconds of a suspended crackling in the air when both men size each other up. They’ve seen each other on monitors, on CNN specials and footage from the newsrooms, but it’s something else to see them standing in front of each other, with Steve towering the all-important one inch over Tony.
“Believe me, you’re not the only one feeling that way right now,” Tony tells him with a small, nervous laugh. “I don’t know how to address you. I’m not entirely sure our usual exchanges are applicable in this setting.”
Tony is in the White House again, and like the meeting last June, his team is with him to make a last ditch effort to pass a budget and keep the government running. While the Democrats know that the opposite happening is a possibility, they don’t know that a shutdown is what Tony actually wants. He’s trying not to think of how Pepper and Natasha will respond to what’s going to happen, and prays that he’ll get to keep his balls after they are done with him.
“Research, mostly. Biological, chemical, technological—you name it. Companies hire them for R&D,” Foggy answers.
Tony looks at him with certainty. “More than okay. Especially if I get to win Homecoming King.”
Peter turns defensive. “Just because I admire the woman—“
“Yeah.”
“Don’t worry about me, Tony,” she tells him with a mischievous glint in her eye. “I can see myself out. Go. I’m sure he’s waiting for you.”
“I haven’t seen everyone this excited since Barton was about to face plant himself at Thor’s wedding,” Jessica greets them, amused.
Steve holds his gaze. “I’m serious.”
Steve tries to mask his trepidation as he looks at the only living person in the world who can understand what it’s like to lose someone like Peggy Carter. “Yes, Sharon. Please take a seat and close the door behind you.”
“Well, if that’s the case, then…” Kate trails off, hesitant to continue.
But he can’t. If he’s going to do all of that, he can’t jeopardize this.
Steve thinks on it for a moment. It’s a pretty good plan, but like Newton’s third law of motion, Tony’s suggestion is not without its consequences, and these are consequences that Steve is not too happy about. “It’s a valid plan, Tony, but didn’t you ever think to consider how my administration would look like? I don’t know. It leaves a bad taste on the mouth,” Steve tells him honestly.
Based on previous experience, I suggest you sneak back in at 5.
“Let me guess: vibranium?” Wade puts forward.
“Not in so many words, no. But Tony and I have known each other all our lives. He is one of my greatest, most loyal friends. I know his heart and his mind well. I can tell when something constantly occupies both.”
“The fight of the century,” Tony says with a chuckle. “Imagine the team betting on who’d give up first. Wade would be the one to start it, of course.”
If you're wondering why it's just
Tony nods. “Good. Have you chosen a babysitter yet?”
“I mean, I know the physical part would maybe make you think, well, Clint, I’m sorry, but I don’t feel that way about you.”
Steve kisses him to shut him up. “You’re babbling again,” he says against Tony’s mouth.
“If you keep doing that I’m going to fall asleep on your lap.”
“We’ve known each other for twenty years. That’s hardly breaking news.”
Finally, Jane turns to her husband and whispers, her voice cracking from absolute joy, “Thor, we’re having a baby.”
artificial intelligence?”
I’ve heard that before.
,” Tony says, with full emphasis on the last two words.
Tony thinks about it for a moment. “Only you and Darcy, and only because Darcy’s a creep and thus knows more about what goes on in this hellhole than most Congressmen and Senators do.”
Then make it
Kate tilts her head, perplexed. “I thought the identity of the victim was sealed?”
Jessica smiles slyly. “I won’t tell if you won’t.”
Tony smiles at her thoughtfulness and feels his heart sting a little. Yes, he really has missed his goddaughter. “Need any help?”
“For the love that is all pure and holy, Hill, that is not your chamber anymore! Or have you not noticed Stark standing on the Speaker’s rostrum these past six months?” Fury stops for a moment and takes a deep breath to calm himself down. He begins again, his voice softer but still unrelenting. “You have to suck it up, Hill. We lost the House, and you lost the Speakership. Get over it and start
“Is this the part where you take all the credit and completely forget about the person who did all the heavy lifting?” Tony asks them.
The two women in the room laugh. “Good morning, Tony,” Janet Van Dyne says, and Pepper only smiles at him.
“Darling, I do hope that’s not real fur. You of all people know how much rap I would get from the environmental lobby if it were,” Tony teases, referring to the white minx stole wrapped around Rumiko’s shoulders, protecting her from the cold.
“I also want Hank in tonight’s strategy session.”
“It’s not stupid. Loving someone isn’t stupid. Don’t tell me you learned that one from Tony.”
Thor closes his eyes and thinks for a moment. “We have a week to prepare. It’s not a lot of time, but given the circumstances, we will need to make do with what we have.”
“Kate—“
“Tony, is everything alright?” Steve asks with concern as he watches Tony put on his pants and undershirt.
September 25, 2037
But not everyone knows that the seemingly indomitable Nick Fury can also be afraid of Natasha Romanoff. He’s been in the business much longer than she has, but Fury has never seen anyone work or think like Natasha. She’s sharp, frighteningly brilliant, extremely efficient and chillingly unforgiving. Sometimes, she can even be unmerciful. And Fury is far from being an idiot—he would rather have her as an ally than an enemy. Besides, they both want the same things. It’s only a matter of attracting her sensibilities.
It’s a window into Tony’s private world, the world that Steve, if he was being truly honest with himself, has been desperate to be allowed into. He can’t help but just watch them laugh and smile and make jokes while flawlessly maneuvering the kitchen to create what is looking to be a scrumptious Thanksgiving dinner. He’s grateful for this chance to be a part of their family, even just for an evening.
He takes a deep breath. “Steve asked me to accompany him to the dinner and, well…I needed a diversion.”
Kate shuffles the papers back into an orderly arrangement and stands up to face Tony. “What?” The references do nothing to mitigate her irritation with her boss.
“This better be worth the check I’m writing after she and Miss Chavez wreck another bar somewhere in Georgetown,” Tony grumbles.
“Would you be disappointed if I said same old, same old?”
“As for you two,” she says to Kate and Darcy. “Put those away and help me clean up the kitchen. Clint, please help Henry set the table. Once we’re done, we can all relax in the living room until the evening.”
Tony looks up at Scott, his face unreadable but soft. The professor sees what could have been gratitude, but it’s gone in an instant.
But when they meet each other’s eyes and shake hands, there’s a hint of smile on Steve’s mouth. Tony knows that smile, he’s
The door to the press room opens and a wave of flashing lights and camera sounds engulf Jessica as she gets up to the podium. She steels herself for what’s to come—this press conference is only the beginning of a long and difficult road for her and her team.
“Did you never read fairytale books when you were a kid? It doesn’t work that way. You find it when you least expect it.”
Tony looks up at her and smiles wearily. “There’s a reason why I keep you around, Bishop.”
“Then that's all that matters to me.” She pauses. “Can I ask who it is?”
“I can see why he likes you,” Rumiko says suddenly, after a few moments of silence.
“My apologies, I don’t think we’ve met before.”
Natasha glides into the State Dining Room with the unrivaled, haughty confidence that she is known—and feared—for. People watch her cautiously as her killer heels tap onto the marble floor, not one of them daring to approach the formidable DNC Chairman so early in the evening’s affair. Which is fine by her, since it gives her time to survey the room and familiarize herself with the lay of the land, taking stock of the attendees that might potentially be useful to them and their cause.
“But make sure to send a not-so-subtle message to the Party—tell them to keep it in their pants for a while. We will be watching them. Understood?”
Tony shrugs. “She could be hot, you know, if she removed that stick up her ass and loosened up a little.”
“Talk about this?”
Steve smirks, seemingly regaining his composure. “And I’d say you don’t trust me either, Tony, if you’re being this stubborn.”
To be able to share this with Kate who, while having been born into the lap of luxury, had grown up nearly the same way as him—the only difference being her experience of violence was more emotional than physical—is a gift that he does not dare take for granted. When he met Kate all those years ago, he saw the same quiet determination in her eyes that he had growing up. She was trapped, just as he was. When he offered her an out, she took it, and bore the sacrifice of her choice with the same spunk and stubbornness that Clint had.
“Can anybody fill me in?” Clint says after a long stretch of silence.
. “You have to learn to take better care of yourself, Tony.” She shouldn’t be expecting anything else, not when they’re at the height of the budget war, but she’s disappointed nonetheless. Taking care of himself has never been high on her boss’ list of priorities and that worries her a lot, but she has grudgingly learned to accept this about the great Tony Stark. She tries to make sure that he’s healthy and well whenever she can.
Steve sighs wearily. “Yeah, I just…I can’t remember the last time I had more than four hours of sleep.”
“Thank you for that. It’s going to be a nightmare tomorrow. Fury’s face is one that I will most definitely not want to see,” Steve jokes.
The room suddenly becomes quiet. Everyone except Tony, Bruce, and Phil, turns to look at the President in disbelief. Tony tries to hide a self-satisfied and triumphant smile, but it’s not over yet.
Clint sighs. “This is going nowhere. We’re leaving now.”
“I will, roger that.” And Matt ends the call.
Kate shrugs. “I guess I just want to hear it from someone else. It’s just… I’ve been working for him for so long that sometimes I think I don’t know if he’s still being logical about things.”
“Well, you’re invited to come celebrate with us,” Tony offers tentatively, trying to salvage the moment. “It’s just me and Cassie, and we’ve got a huge turkey.”
It’s not the first time since Thanksgiving that he’s visiting the White House at an odd hour, but unlike the other two times, it’s Tony who picks up the phone and suggests the visit. He fought against the urge to go running to Steve after that short but taxing meeting with Natasha and Clint, but something had to give. It was going to be either his sanity or pride, and he chose to go with the latter.
You're welcome ;)
“It is what it is, Clint,” Natasha responds, her tone a mixture of slightly annoyed and slightly amused.
Scott tugs on his blazers and holds his head up high in mock pride. “Well, I’m a family man now,” he says with a chuckle.
Once outside, Natasha pulls her phone out to call a car, shivering from the unpleasant cold November weather. A few taps and a ping later, Natasha tells Clint, “SHIELD will have a car to pick us up in a couple of minutes.”
“Aw, no hard feelings, Uncle Tones, you know we love you.”
Natasha rolls her eyes, but her expression is tender with affection. “What’s your excuse this time?”
“It’s magnificent, Tony,” Steve responds in awe.
Tony shakes his head. He can’t believe he’s actually doing this. “Call me Tony.”
Tony shrugs, a little reluctant. “I don’t have a problem with it, but I should probably ask Cassie first.”
She nods. “I will. Thank you, sir.”
Clint just smiles at her, still sad, but at least Kate sees that there is a little bit of hope in his eyes. She kisses him on the cheek. “It’ll be okay, Clint.”
“Oh my god. Billy, when you write the report for this little trip of ours, please make sure to mention that
“Bye, honey!” Tony bids his ever-loyal (because he made it so) artificial intelligence, JARVIS, farewell. He adds flavor to the goodbye by throwing air kisses into the empty hallway. He closes the door and turns to face Dugan. Tony breaks into a big smile and opens his arms wide in a gracious welcome. “Dum-Dum!”
Steve doesn’t back down. “My office submitted a fair and balanced budget to Congress. Somewhere along the way, it was torn apart and transformed into this monster of a document. All of you know that I don’t want a continuing resolution. I want a budget, but not this budget that you’ve brought me. And if you can’t get your act together and give me one that is acceptable, then I want this government shut down until I get something that is presentable to the American people.”
Their food arrives, and Pepper watches Natasha, her face not moving a muscle. This is the Democrats’ behind-the-scenes puppeteer deep in thought, putting the pieces of a puzzle together in her head. It takes about another five minutes before Natasha finally shows some emotion: she purses her lips, which means she’s not happy, but not entirely surprised that she isn’t.
Steve smiles at her. “Believe me, the honor was all mine.”
Steve extends his hand towards her, and she accepts. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Cassie.”
is the world that he was born into, and it doesn’t seem like he ever truly left it.
“Do you like him?” he asks her, his tone soft.
“Tony, your arc reactor design is technologically impossible,” Scott reminds him.
Bruce shakes his head. “Most definitely, Sir.”
Kate walks in slowly, careful not to disturb her boss. “Hey, Tony?”
Thanks for sticking around, and please stay until the end of the ride. Hope you like this one, and please do leave a comment or two! They do help a lot in getting the writing along :)
Kate gives him a mischievous smile. “Give us six hours and a credit card and you’ll be throwing the party of the century.”
Anne laughs heartily. “Well, misfits running this country has certainly been doing it some good.”
It’s Phil that takes him back into the office. “Mr. President?”
“Do we know what AIM does, exactly?” Pepper questions.
“Pep…”
Darcy clears her throat, waits a few moments before speaking to build suspense—something she usually does that the others hate, but Clint can’t help but encourage her. It’s entertaining. “We know who’s stepping down from the Supreme Court.”
"Stark invited
“So you’re saying that they want candy and they’re throwing a tantrum?” Steve asks flatly.
“Come on, you honestly believe you won’t find a partner you’ll want to spend the rest of your life with? You’re underestimating your capacity to love, Tony,” Scott tells him kindly. “I’ve seen you with your friends around campus, and in the short amount of time you’ve been here, not to mention the huge paradigm shift you’ve had to undergo, you’ve managed to create a family here. You bring people together, Tony. No amount of cynicism, or even realism, can change that.”
“—doesn’t mean that I can’t be professional—“
“That you do,” she says with a smug smile. She stands up to leave. “I’ll call you when I have something. See you boys around.”
“That was Kate,” he tells her, rubbing his eyes. Pepper hands him his coffee. “She asked if I could send a car over to Tony’s at seven. Apparently he didn’t sleep at all last night, and Kate doesn’t want him driving to the Hill in that state. I agree.” He pauses to send a message on his phone. “Dugan is going to stay with Tony the whole day.”
“We’re here for the card game,” Clint responds calmly.
who’s not being fair. The only way for them to change is if they see that what they’re doing is wrong. And they will be able to see that only if you show them as blatantly as possible. I know Maria Hill, and she’s not going to change unless you tie her down and strangle her. Unless she has no other options.”
Tony gives him a terse nod. “Your Highness.”
Tony chuckles. “Will do.” And they both hang up.
The drive back to city limits is quiet, just as it had been on their way to the warehouse. Clint grips on the wheel, eager to talk but not having any courage to do so. Natasha has always had this effect on him—he has always feared how much she meant to him, and has always, always been terrified of her rejection of his feelings towards her. The first time she dismissed him, it almost broke him. He doesn’t know if that’s something he can handle the second time around.
“Okay, wait a minute, this is really fucking me up,” Clint interjects, rubbing his temples in frustration. “This Allan guy sits on the board of a company that works for another company that’s owned by the father of his daughter’s rapist. Does that bother no one in this room?”
“I think I fucked it up, though,” he declares, rubbing his temples.
Sharon, the President’s special assistant, is the first person Tony sees who’s actually at her desk today. He’s in the outer room of the Oval Office waiting to be called in, and yes, he is a little intimidated. Just a little, mind you, and mostly because this is the first time that he actually has a meeting in the Oval. Even when he was Minority Leader, he wasn’t important enough to merit the privilege of being called to the most famous and most powerful office in the world.
It’s Clint who breaks the silence. “How is your dad?” he asks, and it seems like he’s sounding better already.
“To add to that: if we suspect that the vibranium is likely being used to make a new kind of weapon, what the hell is Oscorp doing playing with fire, or are we looking at the wrong direction?” Pepper adds.
like then? I was thinking of a grilled cheese sandwich.”
“Tony redesigned the company’s entire communications and security systems
Silence falls as they regard one another—Sharon full of understanding and kindness, Steve overflowing with relief and gratefulness. It’s a load off of Steve’s chest, and it feels like he has finally jumped over the final hurdle. Sharon must know this, must recognize how important this conversation is to him, because her eyes show nothing but tenderness.
Steve thought to himself with a small smile. But he also had concerns other than Tony’s enthusiasm to cooperate. “But what about Hill? Shouldn’t she have some sort of cushion for the fall that’s about to happen?”
Tony’s brows furrow. “Wade? Are you sure?”
“You’re always welcome, Steve.”
Which is why Clint can’t understand what they are exactly. There was a trip she took to New York when this all began nine months back for a party fundraiser and she had spotted him sitting at the bar after the glittery and gorgeous had left the party.
Pepper smirks. “Enthusiastic about money, you mean.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “Oh please, Wilson, you know I’ve got better scotch than that.”
Steve shakes his head. “I…have no one left in New Hampshire.”
Tony doesn’t know how to respond to that. “You’re welcome, Steve,” is all he can come up with. “But none of this would have happened if it weren’t for you.”
“Clint. You know my track record with these kinds of things. My last relationship…” Tony pauses. Clint looks up. Tony is squinting at the ceiling, working through his own thoughts. Eventually he snaps back to the present and gives Clint his signature shit eating grin.
Rumiko opens it to find a soft, flesh-colored circular object the size of her little finger’s nail. “What is it?”
Tony smiles deviously at the television screen. Revenge is a dish best served cold, and that’s one thing he can cook up locked in a cave for three months with nothing but scraps of metal and a car battery stuck to his chest.
Thor looks at his wife with soft yet probing eyes, and Jane shakes her head. It’s as if the couple just had a whole conversation without even opening their mouths. It’s something that they do frequently, and was especially prominent during the campaign season. Many envy the relationship they have, the way they’re connected to one another without effort, how they lean on each other for support and comfort as a pillar of strength for one another. It’s not surprising how their love has served the party, and the country, well for the better part of a decade. It’s a fairytale straight out a storybook, and it’s one of the reasons why Natasha chose Thor to lead the ticket last elections.
A pause. Tony takes a deep breath. “So… Are we good? Like, finally good? No more outbursts? No more take-backs?”
Coulson buttons his suit jacket and tilts his head at her. “Good to see you, Romanoff. You too, Barton.”
Steve tucks a mental image of the arc reactor in his head so he can sketch it later. He
“And to be frank, sir,” Bruce continues. “And don’t take this the wrong way, I mean absolutely no offense whatsoever—but you have no business being in their world. You don’t know them, and you’re not a part of their family, even with your close relationship with Stark.”
“Sleuthing,” Clint replies cheekily. “I just had a talk with a contact in Protocol—there were a few last-minute additions to the guest list,” he says, addressing the entire team on the line. “Two of which might be useful to us: Aldrich Killian and Justin Hammer.”
“You mean you needed a beard,” Cassie says bluntly.
“Why do you think so, Mr. President?” Rumiko asks, startling Steve and breaking him from his internal brooding.
“But it’s your party, Mr. President,” Tony points out, a small, impish smile playing across his lips, as if daring Steve to do something. “And there are two lovely ladies sitting with us here tonight.”
“Senator Barton, do you really have to sit there all morose and dejected?” she had said, sidling up next to him in a black backless dress that really should have been made illegal. “You do know we’re supposed to make people feel happy that they’re helping fund the Democratic Party, right?”
Steve booms in laughter. “Sure, Tony. I’ll have a crown ready for you and everything.”
Kate doesn’t argue, and instead bows her head in resignation. “Need anything else before I go and try to put this party together?”
Steve wants to hear just about anything so that his administration can be freed from this juvenile war and move on to other pressing issues. “What is it?”
“When I have a former Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court indicted for a case that revolves around vibranium, then it falls under my jurisdiction, T’Challa!” Tony exclaims under his breath, careful not to let anyone overhear. “You have to tell me what’s going on. You have to tell me what you know. We have to help each other out.”
I want to do it.
“But you thought otherwise,” Pepper suggests.
“And we’re trying to keep a low profile,” Bruce continues. “It hasn’t been very difficult, but the House Republicans are good at what they do. We’re lucky our kids at Congressional Liaison are fantastic at gathering intel, otherwise Hill and her minions would have sniffed us out and cried foul play.”
“Sure thing.”
She comes in the room swiftly, but Steve can see the weariness in her movements. “Sir?” she asks gently.
He sought her out after the talk, but couldn’t find her amongst the crowd pouring out of the auditorium. He thought about her the entire duration of the cocktail party the university threw for his dad. He hardly listened to his father berating him over intervening at the talk—his mind was too engrossed in the ballsy Astrophysics fellow to care about whatever his father was mad about.
Steve notices this so easily, how the fatigue clings to Tony like second skin. “Come here,” he tells Tony, tapping on the space next to him.
“Sounds like my boss, alright.” She nudges him again. “You still won’t tell me what’s going on?”
“Thanks for coming at such short notice, Bruce,” Steve tells his Chief of Staff, gratitude clear in his tone.
“—you’re actually just a regular family man who wants to protect those that he loves.”
The silence at the other end tells him she’s smiling mischievously, the ghost of battle playing on her lips. He actually wishes he were beside her right now to see it because goddamn, Natasha Romanoff is beautiful and deadly when she’s on war mode. “Are you ready for this?” she asks seriously.
They chat for a few more minutes about the war ahead, the dishwasher whirring behind them. Pepper’s phone dings—it’s Happy, and he’s already pulling up in front of Tony’s house—and takes her leave. Tony walks with her to the front door and waves at Happy when he rolls down the window to give him a salute. She opens the door, but not before she takes a long good look at him. “You’re an amazing man, Tony Stark. I just wish you would let others see it,” she tells him in a thoughtful tone.
“It’s going to be a long day full of bad news, Tony. You’ll wipe that smile off your face soon enough,” Janet says with a sigh.
“You want what I cannot give, Steve.” Tony takes a deep breath and tries to settle himself. “And, I think, no matter how many times I tell you that this has nothing to do with me not trusting you—because I do trust you, Steve, I really, truly do—you won’t believe me until I give in.”
“Can you not say poison and President in the same sentence around Secret Service agents? I don’t want to see you being carted off to federal prison for threatening to kill the leader of the free world.”
“Remember what I used to tell you when you were starting out?”
“I am very close to throwing my trust in you out the window.”
Natasha lifts her flute up to him as thanks. He nods curtly and takes his leave, leaving the two women alone once again.
“We do, Steve. We do,” Tony sputters out. “Please believe me when I say that this isn’t about me keeping things from you.”
“I’m not going to beat around the bush,” Tony says as he leans on the backrest of his chair. “Would you mind telling me what’s going on with Alexander Pierce?”
Tony stops in the middle, gives him a sad smile and an awkward wave. “Hey.”
“Thank you,” he says cheerfully. “But we’re ready when you are, boss. Aldrich Killian at two o’clock.”
is, three years of unresolved sexual tension. Three fucking years.
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
“Cassie?”
Well, that's what he tells the journalists, pundits, and the morning talk show hosts. Armed with his signature smile, they'll print his words and quote his morning routine anecdote. Not that he doesn’t do any of those things. The truth is rather less glamorous and noble than it sounds. But, hey, what happens behind closed doors stays there. As long as JARVIS is still programmed to promise not to breathe a word of it, no one needs to know it takes him half an hour to actually make it out of bed first.
All my love,
“I did know, I just didn’t come soon enough,” she replies, regret clear in her voice. “I’m sorry.”
“Oh, you’ll get a fight, that’s for sure.”
We love you.
She tosses the kitchen towel at his face. “The cheesiness level of that line just went past Mars.”
“—so if I were to ask around, it wouldn’t seem like
She certainly takes after her father.
Steve can’t help but notice how Tony’s tone darkened at that last statement. He decides to leave what he thinks to be a sensitive topic alone for now. He waves his hand as if to wave off the bad juju. “None of those matter. What matters is the difference you’re trying to make now. You’re doing a hell of a job as Speaker of the House.”
“Jesus Christ.” Tony swats them away. “Come on guys, stop accosting the man, for the love of god Dum-E, Butterfingers, return to your charging pods—wait, are you petting them?”
Clint clears his throat. “Bad move on Rogers’ part, if you ask me. Hill’s going to be pissed, and he’s already used up his only Fury card.”
“Hey, Stinger!” An image of Cassie in the kitchen, typing away into her laptop, is projected in the air right in front of Tony and Steve.
Steve coughs. “I’m sorry, I was—anyway.” Steve stands up, walks in front of the desk, and leans against it, willing his mind to get back on track. “I don’t want to deny Pierce of his right to retire when he chooses, but I do want to speak with him about this. Today, if possible.”
This is why he ends up ringing the doorbell to Tony’s home, his Secret Service detail huddled closely behind him, black unmarked SUVs parked on an almost empty street.
Clint’s laugh echoes throughout the hallway and into the empty street. Kate smiles. Only after being friends with this man for half her life does she realize that the sound of his laughter is absolutely
“So this is ‘the enemy of my enemy’ kind of thing.”
Natasha and Clint look at each other with mild surprise, pleased with this new addition to the line. “Nice to hear your lovely voice, Miss Fujikawa. Welcome to the team,” she greets the newcomer.
“Your boss certainly knows how to overreact, doesn’t he? When you report to him later tonight, tell him I am as beautiful and as wonderful as ever.” He pats Dugan twice on the cheek and contemplates his handlebar mustache. “And your mustache is as fantastic as ever, Dugan. Tell me, how do you keep it so…twirly?”
Steve crosses his arms, leans against the bookshelf and studies the man in front of him. “You’re a surprising man, Tony Stark.”
Pepper raises a perfectly shaped eyebrow. “Are you two scheming already?”
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
“Glad to know the money I’m paying for tuition isn’t going to waste,” Tony jokes.
Of all his accomplishments, of everything he’s ever done in his life, your Dad was most proud of what he created with Steve. Once, he told me how sometimes he wakes up in the middle of the night scared out of his mind, because what if everything was just a dream? He couldn’t bear it, to have tasted happiness and have it taken away from him.
“We’re going to fucking
"Don't forget Vegas," Kate adds although her tone becomes less admonishing. Darcy gets a wistful look on her face as she gazes somewhere in the past. Knowing Kate, it probably involved a luxury hotel with a penthouse room and maybe a trip to the Red Rock Canyon. Knowing Darcy, it might have involved casinos and maybe making out at the Red Rock Canyon.
Natasha laughs heartily. “I can trust him to deliver the outcome
Thor turns to the voice. “Natasha. How are we doing tonight?”
That statement piques Steve’s interest. “You never dreamed you’d walk around the White House as President?”
Thor reaches for the shrimp dumplings, but Kate swats his arm away. “Keep away.
The girl nods distractedly and gestures to the door near her desk. Pepper smiles in gratitude, knocks on the door to the private office and remembers the first rule on dealing with Maria Hill: never walk into her office looking like it’s the end of the world. So Pepper strides in with a snobbish look on her face, determined and resolute.
not being turned away!” Thor had an unreadable expression, one filled with so much anger, frustration, and something else—something thoroughly gloomy. “And you dare talk about family? Family is supposed to be there for each other in times of great need.” His eyes had darkened then, and he had said to Loki in the most accusatory tone, “If this is your family, then where the hell were you when father was sick? Where were you when he died?”
Kate rubs her eyes, stretches and heads to the kitchen, her cellphone in hand to text her aforementioned boss.
Darcy’s face stiffens. “I told him not to fall in love with Natasha Romanoff, and that’s exactly what he does. He’s been moping around the Senate these past couple of months like a lovesick puppy. It can get pretty annoying.” She shakes her head. “Men. They never know what’s good for them.”
She finishes rinsing the last plate and turns off the faucet. Tony lets go and waits until she’s done setting up the dishwasher, turns it on, and dries her hands. When she turns to face him, there’s an adoring smile on her face, and Tony has the urge to kiss her. It takes mammoth self-control not to give in to that temptation.
“But naming and shaming is something you do constantly. You never hesitate to call out names whenever its time to play the blame game. So thank you for sparing her.”
I've had this chapter lying around for months, begging to be finished. To say that the results of the US elections have devastated me is an understatement of epic proportions. So I decided to transform my despair into writing fodder. Finally, after more than a year, here's another chapter. I hope the next one doesn't take as long.
At that moment, Jane’s fingers start to fidget, prompting Thor to get up on his feet. “Jane? My love, can you hear me?” Her eyes open slowly. “Jane?” Thor calls out softly. He turns to Frigga. “Mother, can you call the doctor please?”
He just needs something to lull him to sleep.
He groans. “Why do you do this to me?”
The doctor then enters the room with Frigga. “Good to see you finally awake, Mrs. Odinson!”
“You heard me. If you can’t write me a reasonable budget, then shut the federal government down.” Steve is sure in his words and is completely unforgiving. Tony thinks it’s kind of attractive, but he shoots down that thought. It’s not the time and the place to be the actual flirty little shit that he is. But can anyone blame him? He’s having way too much fun.
And Steve will admit to himself that he wants Tony to trust him enough—beyond the professional trust they’ve given one another—to let him in. Despite both of them being on the opposite sides of the aisle, this whole mess with the budget is proof enough that they can work really well together, and in effect do great things for this country and its people.
“Ties to Oscorp?” Wade raises.
“Well done, Pepper,” Thor commends her on the comms line. “You have him whipped. Go for the kill.”
“That’s Tony Stark in a nutshell,” Bruce agrees, letting the fact that Steve did not entirely answer his question pass.
We're nearing the climax of the first arc of this story, so please stay!
“I thought you left already.”
“Wow, New York! I used to—“ His phone starts to ring and he stares at the unknown number of the screen for a few moments. This phone is his private one, and its number is only known by a select few. The fact that someone he doesn’t know is calling this number unsettles him.
(White House/West Wing AU)
They all murmur their good mornings and Bruce makes a move to the left of Tony, guessing that now is as good a time as any for him to introduce Steve to him. “Sir, this is Anthony Stark, the Speaker of the House.”
“Well, let’s just say things happened the way they were supposed to happen.”
Tony gives him a tired smile. “Have a good night, Clint.”
Sharon throws her head back and laughs loudly. “You don't do anything half-assed, do you?
“Of you and me potentially getting back together, you mean,” Rumiko adds without a beat. “Are you going to tell me why, or is this another one of those need-to-know things?”
Tony smiles despite himself. “You're really too smart for your own good, you know that?”
Pepper takes his hands into hers. “Hey, look at me,” she requests gently. “We’re great friends and an even greater team.”
A lanky Political Science student knocks on Professor Scott Lang’s door, eager to have a piece of the popular electronic engineer’s time. Under normal circumstances, it would be strange to have a student with a non-engineering major spend precious hours in this department, but this was no ordinary student—this was engineering prodigy Tony Stark, who had left Cambridge, Massachusetts in a huff to join the hippies of Palo Alto, California. He threw away the MIT engineering degree in exchange for something wildly different, effectively killing Howard Stark's legacy and shocking the burgeoning tech industry to its very core.
He heads to the kitchen and indeed finds Pepper there, her back facing him, rinsing dirty plates and stacking them inside the dishwasher. He leans on the doorway and smiles to himself. For a moment he thinks they’ve gone back a year and a half in time, when he and Pepper were still happy, together in their own version of domesticity. Not that he wants to get back together, because if he were to be honest with himself, he really doesn’t. But sometimes, just sometimes, being Tony Stark is a little too lonely for his taste.
“Yes. Came back last week from God knows where. He’s still a little nuts, but at least he had his pants on this time around.”
"I'm sorry, sir, but despite your best efforts, you have yet to make me fluent in morning gibberish."
“I’ve told you many times that I trust you implicitly.”
Rhodey stands up and gives him a big hug. “Hey, Tones. Really good to see you, man.”
Tony raises an eyebrow. “Didn’t know you believed in fate, Steve.”
She returns the smile, warm and affectionate. “I’ll only call you Clint if you call me Anne,” she bargains.
Hammer ignores her insult. “I’m talking about evolution, Miss Potts.”
Tony clears his throat, breaking the awkward silence between them. “This is my goddaughter, Cassie Lang. Cassie, this is the President of the United States.”
“Are you referring to how he usually looks?” Darcy asks. Kate lightly butts her head against Darcy’s waist, in an attempt to get her moving. It’s the first affectionate action they’ve been free to make since dating. Darcy runs her fingers through Kate’s hair, messing it up. She gives Tony a challenging look before leaning down to press a kiss on top of Kate’s head. Tony’s smirk softens into a sincere smile.
“Are we good?” he asks cautiously.
overstep, Justin. I have never known you
Just then, car pulls up the driveway and Anne brightens up. “Well, speak of the devil.”
I don’t know why Clint insists that he can still stay up after midnight.
The deadline looms ahead, and naturally, both parties fear a government shutdown. But neither are willing to extend a hand of compromise publically and be labeled weak—Tony refuses to give in to the minority, and Maria Hill refuses to, according to her, “give up her principles to the liberal devils.” The President and his staff continue to scramble for some semblance of cooperation within the GOP whilst writing a fair and balanced budget, but they have very little luck. Hence, the calls keep coming, and Tony and Steve keep trying at this bipartisan thing. To their pleasant surprise, it seems as though they get along pretty well, except for the occasional shouting matches over the phone. But Steve is a Republican and Tony is a Democrat—those things are bound to happen at some point.
Happy waves his arms in defeat. “You know what I mean.”
“It’s an honor…to meet you…too?” Steve replies to the ceiling, perplexed. “Tony, is JARVIS an
“Thanks for coming,” Fury tells her.
Tony hesitates, but sighs in resignation. “I really do need the story.”
My healing process—it was slow and painful. There were days when I’d look at Dad and Pops with Mia and I’d say to myself, “You’re not a part of that. You don’t belong here.” But they made sure, they made me feel that I was. Mia was incorrigible, to say the least—
“I hope you’re right.” Pepper opens her mouth but hesitates for a split second, as if she’s still trying to muster up some courage. “So, Natasha. How are you doing?”
“The pleasure’s all mine, Mr. President,” she responds with an excited smile.
Tony stands behind the main workbench in his basement. For all the mess and disarray around his workshop, this particular table is organized to an immaculate degree. In the center stands only one piece of work, unfinished and, for the past year or so, untouched.
Tony turns to his team. They’re all looking at him with some surprise in their eyes, but there are no shades of anger or betrayal. Tony is glad for that, because they still trust him and he still has their backs. Meanwhile, Maria Hill is looking to Bucky Barnes for support, but he avoids her desperate gaze. He actually feels a little bad for her, but that feeling is fleeting and goes away as fast as it came to him. Revenge is sweeter.
“Looks like you woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning,” he tells Steve with an observant tone.
They’re met by the White House Chief Usher, a portly old man with a bright smile on his face, along with two more members of the household staff. “Good afternoon Mr. Speaker, Miss Lang,” he greets them as Cassie and Tony get down from the car. “I am Stan, the Chief Usher. I’ve been instructed by the President to accompany you to his sitting room where we’ve laid out some refreshments while you wait. He’s currently in the West Wing finishing up a few things and will be with you shortly. May I take your coats?”
when they fought.
Darcy pauses, face serious, then she smiles. “What’s there to think about? I’ll move in on the weekend. Besides, think of all the sex we can have.”
“If it’s any consolation,” Steve starts, “I feel absolutely the same way.”
She shrugs. “All in a day’s work.” Pepper leans in to kiss his right temple. “Don’t be too hard on yourself. If it’s any consolation, we’ve done so much more these past couple of months than we ever expected to. Me being happy with the good work we’ve done because you’ve been collaborating with the President trumps me being pissed at you for keeping your team in the dark about it.”
Steve sighs. Of course it will always go back to Maria Hill. “I’ve been trying, but she’s a tough one to crack. She no longer listens to my senior staff. She doesn’t even listen to me, for crying out loud. My options are running out, to be honest.”
Pepper shrugs in defeat. “And now we’re here.” She sighs, deposits her dishes in the sink and starts washing them. “I better start getting ready for work.”
Foggy shakes his head. “Not yet, but we’re working on it.”
“Do you recall exactly what Rhodey said to you when you met with him and Carol?” Natasha asks him.
Darcy begins without hesitation. “So. Kate and I were walking along Georgetown U today and guess who we see on the street, muttering to himself? Selvig.”
“Don’t get me wrong, sir, I’m not complaining. I’m just a little worried that you didn’t trust me enough to tell me that this was going on,” Bruce admits to him, his tone that of an intellectual assessment rather than an interrogation. There is no hint of hurt in his voice.
have the patience for this right now.”
“Hi,” he greets in an almost whisper.
an exceptionally brilliant man, Bruce,” Steve says without hesitation. “He’s extremely good at what he does. And what is most important to me is that he cares so much. He won’t admit it, not out loud at least, but I just know that just genuinely cares.”
Tony to come to the White House like a good, obedient foot soldier—didn’t sit well with him, and the cold sensation of regret washed over him immediately after he had hung up.
“Do we, now?”
Tony happily takes the reigns. “What would
Like clockwork, he picks up his personal mobile phone and dials.
“Senator Pym? What for?”
“I can’t afford you,” he responds with a shrug, amused.
“Roger that,” Natasha acknowledges. “I’ll handle him.”
Save the video clips for last. They’re—they’re pretty special.
Tony gives her a nod, still smiling. “I’m sure.”
Or maybe later tonight, when he gets home, just as a precaution.
Tony leans back against the headboard, suddenly very sentimental. “You're alright, Cassie Lang.”
“Clint,” Natasha calls out from the foyer.
It was hard. It was hard for Clint when he had distanced himself from his family and slowly cut ties with the people who had barely raised him. It was hard for Kate when her family had disowned her and left her to fend for herself. It was harder than anything that they had ever done in their entire lives. But watching her like this—happy, at home, and welcomed unconditionally by people not of her blood—cemented the fact that everything they had been through to get to this very moment had been worth it.
“That I am, Sir.”
CAP AND TONY 20
“I serve at the pleasure of the President,” Bruce replies as they sit down. “You sounded very serious on the phone.”
“If I know Loki, and I do, the seat is just a small part of a much bigger scheme. There are other elements at play here, greater ones. We have to be very careful about our next move, and keep in mind that my brother will always be one step ahead,” Thor tells them gravely, with Jane nodding in serious agreement beside him.
Matt gives her a curt nod. “My pleasure.”
Steve stops for a moment to think. These two have never failed him, most especially in times of crisis—he doesn’t see why they would now. Their suggestions are rational and fair and could actually help solve the problem, but he’s not entirely sure that the Party will be completely satiated with this proposition. They want Democratic blood smeared on the GOP altar as sacrifice, and they want it now.
“I’m not that petty, Steve. You know me better than that.”
“These are extenuating circumstances,” Steve tells him, unperturbed. “I would much rather you call me Steve.”
“That’s where you’re wrong,” she challenges him. “
“Mr. Speaker?” Sharon calls out softly, drawing Tony away from the internal argument against himself. “The President will see you now.”
Steve smacks his hand playfully. “I also thought that maybe we could frame it as a bipartisan thing. The press already talk about our really strong partnership on legislative issues, and I think it could be the perfect time to exploit that. I had someone check with the Protocol office too, and they said they’re perfectly fine with it.”
Tony and I, we’ve been to hell and back. And honestly, I would not have had it any other way.
There is a long pause at the other end of the line. Then, “Holy shitballs.”
“Ixnay on mentioning atshanay, remember?”
“'Course I do, Uncle Tones. You've never really had bad taste in dates, to be honest.” A beat. Then, “Does the team know?”
“Has anyone seen Clint?” Natasha asks with a hint of annoyance in her voice.
Tony smiles to himself. “Anything interesting to share to the class?”
“The one he’s having with the President right now. Shutdown’s over.”
Jane turns to her. “What press conference?”
Elektra Natchios walks in the bar in a little black dress, her stiletto heels tapping on the hardwood floors. Foggy and Matt stand up to greet her. “I’ve been in town since October. I was wondering when you’d give me a call,” she says to them, mostly to Matt. They sit down. A waiter comes by and swiftly takes her order
Pepper can only stare at Natasha in disbelief. The fearless and fearsome DNC National Chair turns to look at Pepper with a wicked smile. Pepper knows that smile, and she is deathly afraid of that smile. That smile means that no matter how brilliant Tony’s plan is, no matter how well this all turns out for the party, Natasha will be plotting her revenge on Tony for keeping her in the dark.
“About us.”
“Tony’s Speaker of the House now. That might get you a call from him, if only so he can ask for a favor or two.”
The three murmur their thanks, awed by the piece of technology in their hands.
“Go ahead, then.” America spreads her arms wide, as if to challenge her.
Three years and almost ten grand.
Which one, sir?
“Whatever makes you sleep at night, Uncle Tones.”
Obie flinches, taken aback by Rumiko’s brazen show of the upper hand. But he regains his composure quickly enough. “You can have all the dances with the President that you want, Rumiko. You’re still going to lose. We’re heading into the future and we will leave you behind, penniless and praying for death,” he tells her with a menacing look on his face.
fair,” Pepper says with a malicious smile. “Especially since your contract ends in two years and congressional hearings for an extension start in the new year when Congress comes back in session. Remind me, who controls the House again?”
“Matt and I both did,” Foggy assents. “Which was why we agreed to represent him, and helped him get a meeting with the Wakandan embassy to consult on the authenticity of the alleged vibranium. We were both certain that Wakandan officials would have no comment, but if the vibranium had come into the country illegally, then at least they would be notified and would act accordingly.”
longest fucking time. It was an absolute
(White House/West Wing AU)
“Any idea who he is?”
“By all means, sir.” His voice is flat and a little bored.
“How did
Cassie breaks into an animated smile. “Yes. Definitely. I’m in, I’m so in.”
“That’s because Wakanda never talks about any alleged vibranium movement,” Foggy clarifies. “Which makes this case even more mind-boggling. How was AIM even able to get that much vibranium out of Wakanda when it’s heavily monitored by Wakandan authorities in and out of the country?”
Tony groans out another set of nonsensical syllables in reply. He thinks about adding a sleep feature to JARVIS' holographic attribute, just so the bastard can feel what it's like to have his sleep interrupted. He does attempt to at least open his eyes this time. Attempts and succeeds, which is awesome, except he has no one to high five him for that. Maybe he really should work on making JARVIS holographic. It has been some time since he's had a side project. Not that he minds it, what with all the other things at the office that has been keeping him on his toes. Rather, the things his party has been doing to keep the Republican side of the House on their toes.
“I didn’t need to. Maria Hill is the most powerful Republican in the House. The press will put two and two together.”
“Ah. You’re worried.” Natasha tilts her head and considers Pepper for a bit. “You don’t trust him?”
Tony takes him to the sprawling living room, where the first thing he notices is the well-stocked bar at the end of the room. This puzzles and alarms him, as one of Washington DC’s worst-kept secrets is that Tony is a recovering alcoholic. He desperately wants to ask about it, but isn’t sure if he’d be crossing a line.
“And what reason is that?” she challenges him.
And this chapter officially begins the second arc! This is where shit hits the fan, folks, and I promise you more Steve/Tony action in the next couple of chapters (which I hope will come sooner rather than later... sighs, I have to do some major apologizing to all of you when this ends).
America rolls her eyes. “God, you’re being sucked deeper into the Stark machine. Is that why you decided to date Darcy instead of me?”
“Whatever, you’re going to let me out early, we both know that. I’m just saving you some extra effort. Anyway, I’ll be seeing you at the thing later.” Clint’s other eyebrow joins his first.
“Since we are on the topic of our fearless leader, what’s the situation on your end, Rumiko?” Thor asks, cutting the chatter.
“We’re going to have a Republican in the White House. ‘Be prepared’ is going to be my mantra for the next four years,” he reasons out.
Tony is loneliest at night, but he does not admit that out loud. He tells himself that he is alone, but not actually lonely. He tells himself that living the solitary life is the best for him and his work. He tells himself that this is how things should be—that he chose this life, and this life has consequences, that sacrifices have to be made. He tells himself that it’s better this way. He tells himself that it will all be worth it in the end.
“I think Budapest means more to you than it did to me, Clint.” Natasha’s using her public voice, the strong kind that she uses at the conventions to thank the donors for their continued support and Clint hates it, he hates it so fucking much but he stays quiet. Her briefcase is already in her hand. She wants to leave, he knows it, so he gives a small cough, nods at his reflection.
He sighs. If he won’t stay for himself, at the very least, he’ll stay for them.
. He repeats this in his head when they make their way to the staircase. Clint ignores the pressing silence in the foyer, ignores the fact that there is no way to be professional about this right away. He’d taught himself a long time ago that compartmentalizing was an essential life skill. He tries, he really does.
Ten minutes later, they’re in the kitchen and Thor is making them coffee and some light snacks. He’s in his boxers and a loosely tied bathrobe, cheerfully humming while milling about in the kitchen. On the other hand, Jane is in one of her oversized Culver University shirts, making her annoyance about her bedroom activities being cut short absolutely clear. Darcy, fully dressed and decent, isn’t fazed at all by the couple, as if she’s walked in on them like this many times before. Which she actually has.
You don’t have to do this, you know.
Tony clutches his chest mockingly. “A man after my own heart.”
Tony smiles mischievously. “You know me, I like to live on the wild side.” Then his tone shifts, his face serious. “I’m not asking for kicks. I know we’re walking on some really dangerous ground here legally, but you have to give me something—anything—I can work with.”
Cassie’s typing stops abruptly, and she turns to Steve and her uncle. “Are. You. Fucking. Kidding. Me.”
Darcy nods in agreement and sets down her empty mug on the sink. “I’ll go take a shower. Can I borrow some clothes?”
"Music to my ears," Clint says approvingly, taking the offered glass from Tony's outstretched hand. Tony himself has taken to cradling the bottle with him.
want, Fury. I’m not so sure we want the same things.”
Tony is fucked.
“I know. I see that now, and I’m sorry for all the trouble we’ve caused.”
“I thought of Scott last night,” he tells her softly, breaking the silence between them.
“Well, if you have heard of Natasha,” Sam cuts in, “then you know that flattery will get you absolutely nowhere with her.”
“Look at this way,” Natasha adds with a smirk. “If anyone’s listening in, you’d have given them some entertainment for tonight.”
It takes Thor and Jane a minute to comprehend what the doctor just said. “How can this be? We’ve been trying for a decade with no such luck.”
Phil leans back at the chair and crosses his arms, his steely gaze remaining firmly on Steve. “From what we’ve gathered, it seems as though Hill feels that this administration hasn’t done enough to push its financial agenda in Congress. She’s disappointed with the way we’re handling the budget crisis.”
Anthony E. Stark, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, is not a morning person, never has been. He has never really figured out where he had inherited the habit of being a complete zombie before noon—he remembers being very active as a kid, always eager to get up in the morning to play with his new toys and explore new things, always energetic, innovative and imaginative. He guesses that it must have started during his teenage years when his dad had put him in under so much pressure as the apparent heir of Stark Industries. Those years ultimately became his downfall, or maybe even his salvation, because he realized that he did not want to end up like his father—a sad, bitter man who thought only about himself—nor end up in the shadow of the Stark name.
“Yes, sir?”
What was he thinking? Maybe Tony Stark is right. He is naïve. And that is something that he has to change, because if he doesn’t, maybe greater, more painful sacrifices will have to be made.
“Oh,” Carol says suddenly, taking a sip from her drink. “Tell Matt Murdock I said hi, won’t you?” She smiles teasingly.
“Everything on sleep mode, JARVIS,” Tony instructs the other entity in the house as he gets ready for bed, tapping his toothbrush on the edge of the sink so the excess water can drip down.
Natasha gets up without a word, clearly disappointed at Tony despite the lack of emotions on her face. Clint follows suit, but at little more sympathetic towards his friend. He puts a hand on Tony’s shoulder and says, “You know she’s worried, Tones. She looks to you to do the right thing because—“
He stands up and prepares to leave for the Capitol, Pepper following suit. They wait for their ride in the living room, both of them fiddling with their phones to check e-mails and messages in relative peace, emotions of their exchange not ten minutes before left behind in Tony’s bedroom.
he thinks,
Peter clears his throat. “Yeah, this afternoon. She asked for a meeting to hash out the messaging for the state dinner.”
Cassie chuckles. “Natasha didn’t have a fit?”
“I see Obadiah Stane is in the premises,” Thor informs them.
“I’m a Stark, what do you expect? Besides, why are you so nervous anyway? It’s not as if you’re meeting the President for the first time.”
The Chief of Staff tilts his head thoughtfully. “You seem distracted, sir.”
“Not if the appellate judge is in Osborn’s pocket and Allan isn’t too hot about moving the case forward,” Natasha tells them dispassionately.
Tony tilts his head and considers Steve for a moment. He’s impressed that the President managed to figure that one out. “I’m sure Maria already got a mouthful from you and Fury. I don’t need to add to her pain,” he clarifies with a shrug.
“She’s not going to back down, Mr. President.” The Congressman doesn’t miss a beat.
Kate looks at Tony, his face somber as he hands her a lighter. She walks over to the right end of the room, lights the end of the napkin and throws it into the fireplace. “What’s next, boss?” She asks as she walks back to the desk.
“I'll take it that you like Tony, then?”
Steve laughs. “She got you there, Tony.”
“Mr. Speaker, did the Democrats expect that talks would fail and lead to a shutdown?” a reporter asks.
"I was just telling my sweetie pie over here to avoid mentioning Natasha to Clint during the immediate future. Amongst other things."
is a serious fraternization problem—fraternizing with the enemy! How well do you think this will go with Pepper? Or even worse, Natasha?” She shudders. “Oh God, I can’t bear the thought of Natasha finding out about this…”
"You exaggerate. I've only been playing for 25 minutes." It’s an inside joke between them, concerning Darcy having caught him playing during a video conference, in the pretence of consulting an e-mail. To be fair, he should not have enthusiastically murmured, “Caw, caw motherfuckers” loud enough for her to hear.
Pepper’s face lights up. “Is it weird that I’m really excited?” Tony relaxes. Emotional crisis averted for now.
“I’m usually a fan of being sent cryptic messages in the middle of the night, but strangely not if it's from you,” Tony tells Natasha as they take off their coats in the foyer. He looks tired, and not at all ready for the conversation they’re about to have, but he welcomes them in his home anyway, just as he always does. When they settle down and begin to warm themselves in the living room, Tony asks, “What happened?”
"Anyone else concerned that the Paper Reduction Act has reached at least eight hundred pages by now?" He’d brought up, loaded with sarcasm and nearly growling every word out. It had been a stressful day, at least for him; what was supposed to have been devoted for other more urgent and important matters had been forcefully pushed back to prioritize this, on Reed Richards’—the Senate President—insistence.
Pepper downs the last of her martini and takes a deep breath before turning around to face her mark. “Good evening, Justin. Having a good time?” She extends her arm for a handshake, but he maneuvers it to kiss her cheek instead. She tries not to make her disgust show on her face.
Tony stops to think for a moment. He’s been in politics for more than two decades, so he’s seen and heard it all. Frankly, he doesn’t have an answer for Steve—it’s a jumbled mess of liters and liters of coffee, sleepless nights, not selling his soul to the devil, Pepper and Kate and Janet and Natasha, Clint and Thor and Wade, pizza, machines, staying sober, and a dream of flying iron suits. How can he tell the President of the United States that really, this was just some alternate universe wherein he decided not to pursue his first love and ended up in politics because of one selfish reason or another?
“Don’t let Natasha hear you say that,” Tony says, still chuckling. “Seriously, can you imagine me as the President of the United States?”
“What is it about you, Obie, that you just can’t take a hint? You don’t faze me, and you certainly don’t scare me.” She gives him a hard, steely look, absolutely unwilling to back down.
Steve is overjoyed. “Wonderful! I’ll have a car pick you up around two o’clock, is that alright?”
“Well then,” Thor says suddenly after a long stretch of silence. “Clearly there is much work to be done. I suggest we use the Thanksgiving festivities to reflect on what’s ahead, and then reconvene after holidays.” He looks to Natasha for approval.
“Wow,” Thor declares in between breaths after their nth orgasm. “I would give Tony an expensive bottle of wine as thanks, but seeing as that would be inappropriate, I think I would rather drink it in his honor.”
“To put it mildly.” He disregards her taunting and sits down and rests his chin on his hands, eyes penetrating Hill’s arrogant demeanor. “You’ve crossed a very dangerous line, Maria. The President is not at all happy with you.”
He laughed at that. “I’m serious, Miss Foster. The land was bought by Asgard Realty legally, and all other transactions were above board. All occupants and tenants were given due notice. As far as the company is concerned, it had fulfilled all its legal duties,” Thor responded diplomatically as a playful smile hovered on his lips. “So what, may I ask, would you have had the company do?”
“You don’t know the answer, or you simply don’t want to answer?” Steve challenges.
Tony stutters, blushing a little bit. “Y—yeah. I think I’m going to stay here for a bit and head back before sunrise, if that’s alright? But please make yourself at home. JARVIS will make sure you have everything you need, and I’m certain Cassie won’t mind if you borrow some clothes from her for the night. You’ll wake up to a friendly face when you come down for breakfast in the morning. It’ll be warmer and homier than a hotel room, for sure.”
“Tasha?” he calls out quietly.
Tony wastes no time in taking off his coat and drapes it over the nearest armchair. He walks over to Steve, with a cup of tea in his hands that’s clearly meant for him. Tony smiles at him, all worn out but glad to be where he is at this very moment. He takes Steve’s face in his hands and gently kisses him as a proper hello. “Thanks for having me,” he murmurs against Steve’s lips as he accepts the cup of tea.
Tony nods. “Sure.”
“We’ve only been dating for a couple of months. With the number of shit we’ve had to put up with since the elections, we haven’t really found the time to tell people. Relax, Tony. There is no video,” Kate says.
Jane huffs, but gets up and drags Thor with her anyway.
“We’ll figure it out later, okay?” Steve nods at that. “And in the meantime, maybe you should stop blushing. Cassie will see right through that.” That earns him an honest-to-goodness laugh.
“Does sitting on the information include Stark meeting with Danvers and Rhodes?” Fury asks in distrust.
Tony shoos him away. “Sit your presidential ass down while I make us lunch.” He carries all the ingredients needed for the meal and places them on the counter. “Contrary to popular belief, I actually do know how to make a meal for myself.”
Steve tries to hide his blush with a smirk. “Feeling a little accomplished right now, are we?”
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
“Are you expecting anyone?” Tony asks his goddaughter, a little alarmed.
“Who isn’t enthusiastic about money?” Pepper shoots him an incredulous look, and he backs off. “Look, we got off on the wrong foot and I’m sorry. Will the distinguished representative from California allow me to start over?”
The room is quiet and still, with none of them able to grasp just how momentous the doctor’s news is. Thor grips his wife hand like a lifeline; Jane has a palm over her stomach, an incredulous look on her face; Frigga is hiding a silent scream behind her hand. No one dares to move nor talk, for fear of waking up and finding that this is all just a dream.
Happy drops them off at Tony’s with a SHIELD car some hour and a half later. It's nearly midnight—the picturesque Georgetown street where Tony lives is eerily quiet. The cold is sharp, oppressing even, and Natasha and Clint hurry inside the townhouse after thanking Happy for the ride.
“Want to bet on it?” she challenges, eyebrows raised mischievously.
Tony fumes, although it is coated with affection and not heat. He goes on about how they could have celebrated. How Tony would have had a big parade dedicated just for them and he’d get away with it, because he is the Speaker of the House after all.
Tony laughs, genuine and rich and with all seriousness in the world. “Are you kidding me right now, Tash?” He leans back and Natasha actually returns his laugh. Glorious. “I was
The straightforwardness of his statement annoys Steve a little. A regular congressman would not have the balls to carry that tone with the President of the United States, but Bucky Barnes isn’t a regular congressman. Not to Steve, at least, and that probably makes all the difference. This is when Steve realizes that he’s got to toughen up—he can’t have the personal clutching the professional by the throat. “With all due respect,” he says that last word a little more strongly than the rest, “but I’d like to be given the chance to finish speaking.” The President is more austere now, obviously trying to assert his authority.
Kate sighs, but she understands. This is
“I’ll find some time to tell him about all of this before the week ends. It wouldn’t be helpful to us if we kept him in the dark.”
Tony chuckles. “Thanks, it’s the new trend these days. You should try it.” He places his cup on the coffee table and flops down on one end of the sofa with a gigantic sigh.
Tony can’t help but smile at her concern. “We're still figuring all of this out, but...yes, Cass, I am happy,” he tells her honestly.
Which clearly Tony doesn’t want to do. He knows in his gut that Natasha knows about his arrangement with Steve—but then, there is a difference between Natasha knowing because Natasha is terrifying that way, and Natasha knowing because you are left with no other choice than to admit to Natasha that thing that she already knows. And everyone in the Democratic Party knows that if you at all value your life, then the former is much, much preferable than the latter.
Carol gives him a wide smile and a kiss on the cheek. “Hey, Tony. It’s been a while.”
I hate you.
Phil nods. “If we want a reasonable and balanced budget, we should not leave the kids to play without supervision.”
Pepper moves closer to the desk. “I’m here to tell you to back off, Hill,” she warns the Minority Leader.
“Do you honestly think I’d let the President of the United States of America make my lunch for me? I’m not going to be that guy, Steve. Please step away from the fridge.”
“Yes, but this is not how it’s done, Tony,” Steve answers a little weakly, but he knows that he is losing this battle. “And for the record, if you had done your research, you’d know that my stand on gun control is more Democrat than Republican.”
“I’m sorry about the way I talked to you yesterday. I had no business being that brusque,” Steve begins, his voice solemn. “I’m glad you still came.”
Clint nods, beaming. “Deal.”
The meeting with Justice Pierce was, to put it mildly, unsettling. They had discussed his early retirement, but Pierce had out-talked him in every turn, preventing Steve from getting the real story out of the associate justice. Or at least what Steve
This is around 3000 words more than my usual word count because there's just so much going on. Hope you enjoy it!
The surprise is evident on Elektra’s face. “Now that is certainly unexpected.”
“As it should!” Killian exclaims, excited. “You’re an absolute legend on the Hill. Beauty, brains, and killer political instincts—or so I’m told.”
“Yes, but I’ve already committed numerous felonies for this investigation, what’s one more, right?” Jessica jokes blandly.
Tony sighs, resigned to his fate. “Confirm the meeting with the President tomorrow, and tell Natasha I’m on my way to her office.”
Killian waves it off. “Ah, it’s not life or death. I just had to try. Thank you for considering it, Mr. Secretary.”
Home?
“You're acting very strangely,” Cassie says as soon as Tony answers her call.
“The case,” someone whispers in her ear. She’s too angry at Obie to figure out who is talking to her on the comms line. “Rumiko, stay on it. Keep your cool and
Steve’s brows furrow. “I don't have a type.”
Pepper and Janet look at each other in confusion, but then a wave of realization sweeps across their faces. “The budget request,” Janet says.
Steve smiles, satisfied with himself. “When I was a kid I was very sickly, and whenever I’d get a fever this is what my mom would do.”
“Oh! Yes, of course, have a seat,” Steve replies quickly. “I apologize,” he says as they take their seats in front of each other. “This is all just a little weird. I’m used to talking to you on the phone, and now you’re here. It’s a little disconcerting.”
Steve nods. “Yes, Political Science.”
“Not often enough, honeybunch.”
Jessica shakes her head. “He’s clean, spotless even. But we’re digging deeper into both his personal and professional history to figure out why he did this, because that’s not very clear at this point. The DOJ is having a hard time establishing motive, and that is potentially where they could lose the case.”
Steve smiles at Tony’s use of his name. “And I trust
“What does that even mean?”
“Looks like I’m not the only Eager McBeaver, as you so eloquently put it.”
“What the hell is Oscorp doing with smuggled vibranium?” Janet asks the group, unnerved. “They’re biochemical, they don’t deal with nuclear-grade metal.”
“So Rogers isn’t the problem, then?” Hank queries.
“And if I win, you stay at home for Spring Break.”
Now it’s Obie’s turn to laugh. “Naivete will get you nowhere in this business.”
Two machines wheel towards them—both looking very much like robotic arms—and start poking Steve.
I HAVE BEEN INFORMED BY MY WONDERFUL JANE THAT IN MIDGARD, A TWENTY-YEAR UNION IS CAUSE FOR CELEBRATION. I FIND THIS MOST AMUSING SINCE TWENTY YEARS IS OF NO CONSEQUENCE IN ASGARD. NONETHELESS, I GIVE MY CONGRATULATIONS, SHIELD BROTHERS. MY HEART BURSTS WITH PRIDE AT WHAT YOUR TWENTY-YEAR UNION HAS ACCOMPLISHED. MAY THERE BE MANY MORE YEARS TO COME.
“Honestly?” A beat. “I don’t know,” Steve admits.
Kate smiles. America always pulls through in the end.
“I come bearing gifts from a certain Attorney General.”
“Which I did brilliantly. You’re welcome,” Darcy adds with a curtsy.
Tony quickly heads to the front door, Cassie on his heels.
Tony is silent at the other end, which is all the answer Steve needs.
“Yeah, I’m spending Thanksgiving with Kate and Darcy in New Mexico. Looking forward to Mama Lewis’ cooking,” Clint tells him, patting his belly.
Darcy turns. Kate's fingers continue to fly across her tablet, as she seems to be taking down note of what information she had been trading with Darcy before he called their attention.
Tony gives her a sly smile. “If there’s one thing I’ve learned from dating you for over six years is that the only thing anyone should expect from you is the unexpected.”
this isn’t just some smuggling ring trying to profit off of your country’s most precious resource. Why else would you have finally agreed for the State department to send in a delegation to Wakanda?”
“Hello? Clint?” She nudges him with her elbow and that’s when he pays attention.
The President pauses. “Then you can call me Steve.”
“No, Tony. None of that Mr. President business. I’m just Steve, and you’re just Tony. We’re just two Americans trying to do what’s best for their country.”
Clint chuckles,and Kate couldn’t be happier to hear at least a modicum of cheer still present in him. “No I didn’t, actually. Tony is Tony and he gave me useless advice, but he told me to do what I think is best, offhandedly.”
“I’m not implying anything, Tony.”
Pepper chuckles. “Don’t let Kate hear you underestimating her. Give that girl a bow and arrow and you’re dead in three seconds flat.”
"Shall I have Ms. Bishop pencil you in for two o’ clock?"
But, on the other hand, Tony was absolutely right. It did bother him.
Tony returns the smile. “How’s the wedding planning coming along?"
“Clearly they’re here for me, Uncle Tones.”
Congratulate your fathers for me. They’ve done the almost impossible. Twenty years, man. I don’t think I could live with Tony Stark that long.
Tony feigns stupefaction. “Have you been stalking me, Mr. President?”
Kate rushes to the DOJ right after ending her call with Darcy, but America had already left the building. She thinks it a little awkward to contact America and ask where she is after not having seen or heard from her in more than six months, but this is important, and she can’t let the team down. So she sucks it up and calls her once-BFF, and they agree to meet at a place they used to frequent.
Tony raises an eyebrow. “In the White House?”
“Better send her a fruit basket, Stark,” Wade directs Tony. “And by fruit basket, I mean six bottles of 25-year-old Bowmores.”
“That’s what I’m here for, asshole. To commiserate with.”
“Darcy, what the hell are you doing?” Clint asks his assistant after it registers to him what is going on.
Clutching his wallet and gazing at the picture, Steve can’t remember a time when he was happiest, most contented, than in those stolen moments with Peggy. It’s not the passion or the intensity of making love that he misses the most, but rather the adoring smiles, the hearty laughter, the slow mornings in the kitchen, the quiet evenings in the living room. It’s the victorious times like these where he hurts, aches for Peggy and her warm touch and reassuring eyes.
Steve turns to him and sees a wistful expression on Tony’s face. He’s bewildered at this side of Tony, one that he never knew existed. Hell, he hadn’t even known that Tony had a goddaughter until today. “She grew up here?”
Steve kisses him a final time. “Go. Call me tomorrow.”
Politics had been his world his whole life. Instead of growing up in the shadow of his uncle, the late and great Michael Rogers, he grew up beside him in the Senate. Michael wanted to keep the Rogers family as influential as possible, and it was obvious that he was grooming Steve to assume the mantle. The young Rogers didn’t complain—he was grateful that his Uncle Michael and Aunt Hannah had taken him in after his parents’ death, sent him to the best schools, and loved him like their own.
“As I was about to say—since Congresswoman Hill has refused to cooperate with this administration, I want her to know that we will proceed without sharing any of our plans with her or her team, you included.” Steve is steely, if a little unforgiving—a total shift from his demeanor during the first few moments of the call.
“How about some lunch?” he asks Tony after their relatively heated discussion on the appropriations bill on education.
“I don’t think I can ask for anything more than that. But thank you, Steve. You know how to reach me when you’ve decided.” And Tony Stark hangs up.
Steve smiles, not knowing quite what to say—he wasn’t paying any attention to most of the conversation, after all.
Tony’s eyes widen in slight fear. “Shit.” It’s never good to keep Natasha Romanoff waiting, no matter what the excuse. “I’m blaming this on you,” he tells Kate as she rolls her eyes and saunters off into the crowd. He pinches the bridge of his nose as he greets the DNC National Chairman a little too enthusiastically. “Natasha!”
“Sometimes I wonder how different things would have been if he were still here.”
We’re in the middle of a debriefing, Tony.
Natasha shrugs. “To be completely honest, I have absolutely no idea why Clint and I are in the middle of nowhere after office hours. But the Vice President is here, so it must be important.”
“Might as well get it over with now and rip the band-aid.”
Tony maintains his clipped tone. “Yes, I just said that. This is Tony Stark speaking. Who’s calling?”
“Of course you can. You’re welcome in the house anytime, Ru. It’s just that—” he rubs the back of his neck, unsure how to tell her.
Fury doesn’t miss a beat. “I want to know why you blindsided us with the Pierce case.”
“Not really. I just make them for my team. It gives us more security— encrypted e-mails, instant messaging, that sort of thing.” Tony takes the phone and hands him a bigger variety. “Here’s the tablet version.”
“It was our pleasure,” Darcy says with a curtsy. Clint only gives her a firm nod.
“I don’t have anything against it, Steve, but these things are what gets the press to start asking questions we don’t want asked,” Tony points out.
There’s a flicker of surprise in America’s eyes, clearly not expecting that information, but she recovers with a wicked smile. “I’ve got to hand it to you—you guys are good. We were very thorough and very careful. Still are.” She takes a swig of her beer. “Why do you need to know?”
“Yes, everything’s fine!” Steve responds quickly. “I just—god, there's no easy way to say this.” He rubs his temples and braces himself for what he's about to say next. “I'm seeing someone.”
“I know, I thought about that too. So maybe you could bring your own date? Like Pepper,” Steve suggests.
“Terrorism, even,” Tony adds.
“Well, there was something about aliens in the security briefing this morning…” Steve pauses, and Tony doesn’t know how to respond. “I’m kidding.”
Tony laughs with him, his problems forgotten for a moment. He’s grateful for this precious time he has with Steve, despite the myriad of problems and challenges waiting for him outside of the White House walls. He will still have to deal with Natasha and her impatience tomorrow, and then maybe Jessica and whatever new intel she has, or perhaps Thor and any new information he might have on Loki. But tonight, he’ll pack all of those worries in a tiny box and set it aside in a corner of his mind. Tonight, he has Steve’s blue eyes and thunderous laugh. He has Steve’s warmth and his fingers running through his hair.
Everyone who lives in the mansion knows that. Even their kids know that. Those two are fucking
“Sir, perhaps it is best if you answer the door,” the AI responds mysteriously.
Phil agrees. “Bruce is right. It’s good for us publicity-wise, reaching out across party lines in order to attain an amicable agreement. Not to mention it will assuage whatever doubts the Republican Party has with this administration.”
“Yes we did, and boy was
“Don’t worry, I did a sweep this morning. We’re fine in here,” Tony reassures her. “Anyway, Natasha’s orders, so we’re taking extra precautions or else we die a most excruciating death.”
“Are you dating the President of the United States?”
The Minority Leader’s office is abuzz with energetic movement, and Pepper surmises it must be due to the submission of the President’s budget request—a much bigger fight for tomorrow, she thinks, and focuses back on her task at hand. She turns to Maria’s multitasking assistant, who’s clearly busy shuffling through documents on her desk and talking to someone on the phone. “Is she…?” Pepper asks tentatively.
Steve stands, buttons his suit and extends his hand. “I appreciate you coming in, Mr. Speaker.” His tone is professional and detached, a far cry from his greeting some twenty minutes before.
Party politics have always been much more cordial in the Senate, and he has never experienced less than that during his three (well, two and a half) terms in office. Come to think of it, not once when he was growing up had Uncle Michael complained about tactics in the upper house. Sure, things became dirty once in a while, especially with divisive issues that drew clear party lines with both sides spewing hate at each other, but Senate politics never became as vicious as that of the House. He never had to deal with that sort of ruthlessness during his eleven years in the Senate. He’s grateful for that, but he definitely can’t escape it now that he’s sitting in the Oval Office. While heartless politics is par for the course, he’s starting to feel like that’s the only type of politics that Maria Hill and company know how to play. It leaves a very ugly taste in his mouth, especially when as each day the budget war gets bloodier, Hill seems to be more inclined to undermine his leadership.
MY DEEPEST GRATITUDES FOR THE INVITATION. I AM VERY FOND OF THIS TRADITION, ALTHOUGH I STILL DO NOT UNDERSTAND WHY WE ARE CELEBRATING THE UNION OF THE CAPTAIN AND THE MAN OF IRON WITHOUT THEIR PRESENCE. REGARDLESS, MY LOVELY JANE AND I WILL BE IN ATTENDANCE.
Kate takes a good look at it.
He is so tired, and everything hurts.
“You’re willing to work with the President on creating a budget as soon as possible?”
He smirks. He chooses his people well.
“We don’t do that here,” Clint shoots back.
“The President asked you stay?” she finishes for him with a knowing smile.
have a strategy, and that strategy is ‘let Tony do his job.’”
That’s when it hits him. He bows his head and laughs under his breath. “Oh Carol, you fucking genius.” Tony turns to Kate. “I need you to get me Matt Murdock on the phone right away, then tell our friend in Hoover to expect a call from me ASAP. Have Darcy pull Clint out of whoever he’s having lunch with today.”
“Tell me about it,” she jokes and takes one last sip of her drink. “Anyway, I really just wanted to drop by to pass on my congratulations to everyone.” She kisses him on the cheek. “I’ll see you in DC.”
It’s almost eight in the morning and he’s staring at his reflection in the bathroom mirror. On a normal day he’d be in his office already, raring to go and piss off Republicans, but today he just doesn’t want to deal with any of it. He sighs and turns away from the sorry face in front of him, takes off his ratty workshop clothes and steps in the scalding hot shower.
Wade thinks for a moment and then smiles to himself. “They’re trying to distract us.”
He needs to figure it out because it’s messing with his work (though Tasha doesn’t seem too bothered with this arrangement of work-party-fuck-work repeat). It’s been nine months. Clint knows her favourite perfume. He knows that she only ever sleeps on the right side of the bed. She doesn’t like flowers, hates chocolates except for the champagne-flavoured Royce chocolates that she buys for herself whenever she makes a trip to Japan, and absolutely refuses to invest in a house for herself because she likes the feeling of being transient, of not being held down by mortgage or an actual suburban home.
Tony makes a round of the rooms, doing his job as host to greet people along the way. He finally spots his assistant in the library, leaning against the glass door leading to the garden, talking to some of the staffers from Thor’s office. Kate notices him as soon as he steps in the room and excuses herself from the conversation.
Steve thinks as he decides to take the opening. “I'm not dating a woman.”
“That’s about it for today’s good news,” Pepper announces seriously. “We’re going to have a problem with the new Women’s Health Act,” she tells them without preamble.
“Tony—“
"Look what you did to my boss. Now he's going to spend the rest of his day and resources looking for that sex video we took instead of trying to block the new fascist education reform bill like he's supposed to." The words she aims at Tony are sharp and precise. It knocks him out perfectly from his daze.
“It’s show time, everyone,” Tony says right as the band starts to play to announce the entrance of the President and his guests. “Break a leg.”
“As a last resort, Tones,” Clint tells him straightaway. “He can’t be involved in all this until it’s absolutely necessary and we have exhausted all avenues.”
Steve stares at him disbelievingly, clearly surprised at Tony’s sudden cold recalcitrance. “I just spent the last five minutes telling you how sorry I am about that! Why can’t you trust that I’m being sincere?”
“I understand your concern,” Tony says sincerely, but Steve is not entirely sure if he truly does. “But if we do this right, you won’t look like the bad guys here. The Republicans will.”
Tony rubs his temples. “No, we're not. But that's what the press are going to insinuate. I know you like Rumiko and keep in touch with her, so I wanted to give you a heads up.”
“As much as I enjoy catching up,” Tony begins, “I have to admit that this breakfast isn’t entirely a date between friends.”
She waves him off, other hand expertly preparing the turkey stuffing. “Please, Senator Barton, you’re our guest. This is the least I could do after all that you’ve done for our daughter.”
“You can after his press conference,” Darcy tells him.
“Oh and Kate?” he stops her before she heads out of his office. “We’re running a tight ship for now. I need a better visualization of the big picture before I present this to the rest of the team.”
And there it is.
has now been posted on Tumblr!
. “You’re trying to tell me that I’m going to have to throw my party-mates under the bus.”
“Sir?” someone asks in the middle of all this tension. Tony’s not sure who, because he’s too busy trying not to look so smug.
However, there is no time to dwell on that—there is still much work to be done. The deadline is in eight days, and there are still many things to be ironed out if this plan of Tony’s is going to work. He looks around the Oval Office and tries to take it all in. Everything that’s happening is intense and fast-paced, but he has to admit that it’s kind of exciting. Who knew that adding a little bit of crazy (thanks to Tony) could make things fun?
Thor was not only amused—he was also intrigued. A regular person (and a woman at that) challenging his father, the self-made real estate mogul, to answer for his crimes in front of all these people? He sat back, smirked, and thought,
Steve only nods, hardly acknowledging Tony’s olive branch.
Steve, however, doesn’t miss a beat. “Gladly.”
“Don’t let her sunny disposition fool you—it was a bitch getting her out of the FBI headquarters,” Tony warns them jokingly.
“See?”
“No. Apparently they’re keeping it under wraps at the moment. Wanda gave me information because it’s merely an investigation at this point, so she isn’t violating any confidentiality laws. They’re not sending out subpoenas for actual depositions. Basically, just invitations to talk,” Clint tells them. “Wanda willingly gave us a heads up because she knows Loki is here, and she’s worried.”
(...so yes you can blame me for the very long wait...)
“Here are the new unemployment numbers which I assume you will be happily blaming on the President to the next reporter you see; the defense report from the Pentagon with a note from Rhodey asking you to call him; a very angry message from Congressman Barnes about a million and one things he’s always going on about; and Pepper, Janet and Wade are already waiting for you in the conference room.” Kate opens a few files and slides it to Tony’s direction. It shows up on his tablet and he opens the folder, documents piling up in grids, divided by importance.
Tony looks at her with feigned indignation. “Oh, so
Tony has half the mind to call this guy Captain America, but he tucks that thought away for later. “Sure thing… Steve.” The name feels foreign on Tony’s mouth for some reason. He doesn’t have a snarky comeback for this one, so the only thing he can think to do is sigh. He might as well be nice and cooperative while he’s at it. He is the Speaker of the House after all. “And while we’re on this subject of…bipartisanship, I’d like to apologize for calling you a Ken doll during the budget meeting at the White House. It…wasn’t an insult, actually.”
Tony turns to Natasha. She shakes her head. “I haven’t heard anything. But I honestly would not be surprised if that was the case.”
“Really? It’s been a while,” she answers, her tone sad. She pauses, searching Tony’s face for a clue as to where this conversation is headed. Then, gently: “I miss him too.”
Natasha turns to him, her lips pursed. The fond smile is gone, and Clint braces himself for the words that tidal wave over him, braces himself for it—
Well, then. Showtime.
“Which is why popular belief is wrong,” Tony says with a smug smile, completely satisfied with himself, and continues to make their lunch.
Peter Quill, Tony’s press secretary, walks in, extremely animated. He has a look that can only be described as a mixture of excited, slightly manic, anxious, and immensely infatuated. It’s a kind of look that would be creepy to anyone observing who didn’t know him, but to the people in Tony’s office, it’s just a typical, everyday Peter Quill look.
Tony thinks on it for a minute, looking back on that morning that he had met up with Rhodey and Carol to have breakfast, and of course, to gather some intel. He replays their conversation a few times in his head, from the moment he mentions Pierce to the moment Carol slides the napkin with Parker’s name on it. And then it dawns on him.
“But I do. I do feel like I have to do this,” he insists. “I don’t ever want to make you think that my work will suffer whenever my personal life goes down the drain. That’s not good for me, that’s not good for the team, and that’s not good for the party.” Clint sighs and glances at Natasha. She’s looking straight ahead, her face unreadable. “And I don’t like being a burden to the team—Tony and Kate especially, propping me up like I’m some weakling. It’s not who I am.”
