John couldn't believe how stupid he had been. He had been blinded by the brilliance, the insufferable cleverness of this man. In doing so, he had failed to see that Sherlock had suffered far more than he ever thought possible.
"We'll never be that old, Papa!" River said, jumping into John's arms.
"Mrs. Butterfly, why did you take me here? I haven't been here since Indie…since she…" River began to cry, fat tears rolling down her cheeks and splashing onto the brown dirt below.
I didn't know what to do with this horrible, overwhelming anger, so as per usual, I took it out on the wall, punching it. Faint red lines appeared on my knuckles, soon becoming a deeper red with oozing blood. I felt a hand grasp my wrist, and an arm hook around my waist.
He slowly opened the door and quickly tiptoed over to River's crib, reaching in and putting his long finger underneath her nose, feeling her soft breaths on his skin. He sighed and brushed his hand across the raven curls that were just beginning to grow out. He did the same to Indigo, who laid in her crib on her back, her pink pajama clad arms thrown above her head.
Sherlock continued to pull me along and for the first time in years, I began to pray.
"Your pancakes look just like my pancakes!" Both girls perked up to hear that they could indeed "cook" like one of their fathers. "Well let's get to those wonderful cards then, shall we? We can get back to breakfast later." Sherlock said.
I picked her up and swung her onto my hip, unzipping the jacket she still wore. Sherlock leaned over and gave her a kiss, ruffling her curls.
"Yes, Indigo Rose?" I said, leaning closer to her.
"It's a hands-free system. There. Now keep that on for the next 20 minutes or so, should keep the swelling down and keep bruising to a minimum."
Sherlock did as I said, blood spilling onto his shirt. Indie began to cough and spit out more blood, the gurgling sound she was making stopped and she seemed to calm down just a little bit.
"WILLIAM!" His Daddy shouted as he began to stomp toward him. Sherlock was even more scared now, Daddy never called him that. He was always his little Sherlock. Despite the burning pain in his foot, Sherlock turned around quickly and ran as fast as his little legs could carry him, up the stairs, tracking blood the whole way.
After Greg arrived to pick up a now sleeping River, I led Sherlock to Indie's room.
Indie reached over and grabbed River's hand. "No! River, you have to stay here to be with Papa and Daddy. We can't leave them here all by themselves."
He would show it to me after dinner, after the girls were read to and tucked in, after we had gotten into bed.
The girls ran up to me and I caught them in a hug, lifting them up.
Maybe if I would have looked closer, I could've seen the subtly worsening blue shadows underneath her eyes, the increasing pallor of her skin. Maybe, just maybe, I could've helped her sooner.
"Sherlock? Please, we need to talk about tomorrow."
"Are you saying we shouldn't even attempt to help her?! What about experimental trials? There has to be something, you cannot just be giving up on my daughter!" Sherlock spat at the doctor.
His only answer came as soft giggles.
She smiled and nodded, her small hand playing with the edge of my silk dressing gown.
"John!"
"River, love, how was school?" I asked, picking her up.
"I love you, my darling Indigo Rose, I love you, I love you."
"Everything about our darling is in here," he whispered, tapping the side of my head, "You will never lose her, John, never."
"Sherlock."
Satisfied that the girls were safe, the detective stepped quietly down the stairs and strode over to his chair. He took the mobile phone from the table and swiftly dialed John's number. He put the phone up to his ear, counting the rings before a sleepy voice came from the other end.
I quickly reached out to touch her little neck, to check for a pulse, to check for any signs of life from my precious child.
"Hello Molly, it's very nice to see you" Sherlock said with a nod and a soft smile. They set about to talking, River as always taking the lead.
She slid off my lap, wobbling a bit before I steadied her on her feet.
A little head popped under my arm, wild curls obscuring the pad of paper I held in my hands.
She was a delightful child, bringing light and life back to 221B, brightening the walls with her colorful drawings and her brilliant smile.
The tears came in full force and I held my head in my hands, trying to stem the flow. Sherlock's hand wrenched mine from my eyes, tears splattering onto his sleeve.
"You're…my best…friend."
"Mummy! Mummy!" He wailed, the tears coming fast down his face.
She is generous, loving, and passionate, beautiful and brilliant.
Soon, we were all laughing at River's impression of Sherlock and the whole nosebleed incident was nearly forgotten. We played games until the girls began yawning widely.
I squeezed her hand and stood next to her.
"I think my feet already grew," she said, closely inspecting her foot.
"Papa?"
We could not put this off any longer, we had to tell them now. My heart began racing, I could not bear to do this to my daughters, my two most precious jewels.
"John, I am so sorry, John, please don't leave me, please don't take River away from me, please," he began to cry, "I could hardly bear losing Indigo, if I lost you both I wouldn't hesitate to jump from this building or poison my own tea. I can't live without you, please don't go!"
I felt a stab in my heart. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Sherlock twitch, ever so slightly. It was never easy, for either of us, to listen to this wonderful, sweet, intelligent, but dying little girl declare the plans for her future. "A veterinarian, love, that's what a doctor for puppies are called."
She joined the football team and sang the leads in all of her school plays. I drove her and growing numbers of friends to the cinema and to concerts and I sat with her as she cried over the first boy to break her heart.
I stomped up the stairs to the flat and opened the door, my mouth open and ready to shout at my infuriating husband.
They stopped in the front room, Indigo's eyes wide from the sudden journey.
Mrs. Hudson stood next to me, smiling as we watched them open their presents.
John set the finished plates on the table and called for River to come for lunch. His brow furrowed when she did not appear in the doorway.
I walked behind him and wrapped my arms around his middle and whispered into his back, "Bloody hell Sherlock, don't worry so much, she's an active little girl, she's going to sprain an ankle now and then."
"How far along are you, my dear?" Mrs. Hudson asked.
River turned towards the sound and said, "Indie! That's Uncle Greg, he must be looking for me. Just wait here until I come back!"
"Hey, I saw a shooting star!" She shouted excitedly, her eye still fixed to the telescope.
"I missed you too, love."
"Nothing, my darling, now, where were we?"
Her eyes immediately brightened and she nodded her head vigorously.
"You started shivering during the night." a deep voice said across from me.
"You'll do so well, Sunshine, look there's toys and other children to play with, they're already waving to you."
I heard the light footsteps a second before Mrs. Hudson popped in with her ever-present 'yoo-hoo.'
Indigo's throat was fire-engine red, with white patches covering her tonsils. Classic strep throat. I sighed to myself with just a tiny bit of relief. Strep throat was easily fixed, a course of antibiotics and she'd be as right as rain. The more pressing matter now was her fever. I picked her up and took her downstairs to the bathroom. River and Sherlock were sitting in the kitchen, River eating cereal while Sherlock flipped through his latest case file.
It was 3:48PM on October 8th.
"I love you too, Indie," Molly sniffled. She took a shaky breath before continuing, "Come…come back to visit often, sweetheart."
He looked down at her and gave a weak smile.
Since the girls were very small, we took a trip every so often to a certain park where ducks lined the edge of their pond, looking for food. Indie was fascinated by them and loved feeding them and patting them on the head. Indie was the only one who they let pat their heads, snapping their beaks at anyone else who dared tried to do it.
"I don't think so, River, babies don't usually die."
"Papa's not that big!"
I smiled as I thought about a photo hanging on our living room wall from one of these excursions.
"Anything you want, my sweetheart."
"You'll see, John." He said with a smirk.
What could possibly matter ever again?
River had kept with the lavender theme, choosing a lavender duvet with lavender striped white sheets.
After a time, a soft knock came through the door.
I jolted upright, gasping for air. The sheets and covers were cold and soaked through, my t-shirt and pajama pants were stuck to my body. The room was dark except for a sliver of light coming through the slightly open door. I stumbled out of bed and towards the door.
We laid our heads next to hers, murmuring a lifetime's worth of words until her eyelids fluttered closed, her beautiful hazel eyes disappearing forever.
With that he slipped down the stairs to Mrs. Hudson's flat, where he had been staying in her guest bedroom.
"John, focus. As I was saying, they have been sleeping for approximately 3 and a half hours since I called last…"
River was standing next to her sister, screaming bloody murder, blonde curls and limbs thrashing violently on the table. I pushed River toward Mrs. Keaton, "Take her to the car! Tell them we need to go to hospital right now!" Mrs. Keaton picked up River and ran towards the front door, River's screams echoing down the hall.
Nothing.
"Don't worry about Papa, darling. Let's get you dressed, hm?"
"Good, now let's get these papers cleaned up and get back into bed."
"You really need to get off those parenting blogs, Sherlock."
"I…I love you, Mycroft." Sherlock said, his eyes quickly looking down.
Sherlock laughed and set River down. She ran over to her sister, her untied shoelaces slapping against the floor.
"I'm scared…of going to Heaven…Papa," she moaned, a tear slipping down her cheek.
I looked at John. His face was a mix of shock and joy, with a hint of sadness. You see, John had a little pug of his own when he was a boy, a small detail I had filed in my mind palace. When I got the idea for a dog, I chose this pug, for the girls, yes, but especially for John.
He quickly scooped up our little Sunshine and carried her under one arm, before sweeping over to River and I. He picked up River in the same manner and walked out of the bathroom with his two laughing and squirming packages.
River stuck her eye to the telescope and after a few moments she squealed, "I see a shooting star!" She quickly pulled her head back and squeezed her eyes shut, making her wish.
I fell onto my knees, still grasping at the door handle, my strength finally leaving me. I set my forehead against the door, my own cries and screams joining Sherlock's, calling out to our little girl that would never come home.
We made our way to the front of the room and a slow violin melody I didn't quite recognize began to float through the speakers. It was familiar, but I couldn't quite place it. I looked questioningly at Sherlock and he whispered, "It's all of your songs I composed, yours, River's, and Indigo's, all blended together, to make the melody of my heart, the soundtrack to my life. It was what I thought would be best for our father-daughter dances."
"Make sure Daddy behaves, Indie, I'm counting on you to make sure he doesn't get into any trouble." John said with a laugh.
She licked her parched lips and weakly pointed to her throat. I quickly grabbed a small light I kept on the bedside table.
"Only with the help of my little detectives." He said with a wink at the girls.
"Bye-bye, duckies!" She sang, waving back.
He sighed and got up, straightening the comforter before he left the room behind, bear in hand. Sherlock was sitting in his chair, hands steepled, eyes intent on the blazing fire.
I sighed, "Well, she has to get up now, it's almost time for us to go in."
"Perhaps she will," I said, nodding.
"Alright then, love?" He asked.
He snuggled her close and said, "Someday you will be, but right now you're my little lovebug."
"John, if you keep interrupting me, I'll call on the hour every hour."
"What do you need, love?" I shouted back.
"Next summer, when the water's warm again and you and River are out of school," John said with a smile to his younger daughter.
They continued their slow journey, hand in hand, their small, wet footprints left side by side behind them.
"Probably a Chinese food chef because you and Daddy love it so much. And then at night, I'll be a detective just like Daddy, catching all the bad people!" River said happily.
"You will have the loveliest room in all of London, River Grace." Sherlock said, "a room fit for a princess!"
"Look at the clouds, River, tell me what do you see?"
"Don't you dare, Sherlock, leave it be!" He warned.
"Daddy!" River screamed again, holding her arms out to Sherlock.
The sight of a little girl on the swings, blonde ringlets falling to her shoulders, stopped her.
"We'll just leave it there for now, maybe River will want to use it someday," he whispered.
"I promise with everything I have, Sherlock. No one will hurt you. I will protect you from now on," John said, cupping Sherlock's cheek with his hand, brushing away the multitude of tears.
It was an odd sight, to say the least, Sherlock hardly ever made food. He turned around and softly smiled at me.
"I miss her, Papa!" She cried.
"Let's go!" she yelled.
"Yes, darling, a bath and then perhaps we'll try to lay down again, hm? It is a bit early."
I bit the inside of my cheek to keep from screaming, blinking rapidly to keep the tears back. I cupped the side of her face, brushing away stray tears that fell. I opened my mouth to speak when I was startled by a small voice in the doorway.
The girls got ready and we set off, leaving Indie with Mrs. Hudson with a hug and a kiss. River and I walked down the street, her gloved hand in mine.
"Look at our girl, John! Up and dressed before all of us!" Sherlock said from behind her, blowing more bubbles.
He nodded and set off, his blue dressing gown flowing behind him. I could hear River questioning him as he went through the kitchen. He reassured her that everything was just fine and she went back to her cereal, spoon scraping against the bottom of the bowl.
"I have to see where I'm walking, love," John said, the tension in the air rising with every passing second. The bomb was about to go off.
"River, can you look at me?"
"Let's go wake up your sister, Indie, I'll bet she'll be surprised to see you waking her up this time!"
Sherlock sighed, the tears of pain becoming tears of relief. There weren't any monsters anymore.
You are now the most brilliant of stars, the sunflowers shifting in the wind, the brightest rays of sunshine. I see you in every beauty on this Earth because of the beauty that was your life.
"I promise, Indie. Papa and Daddy will always be here for you, whenever you need."
This time I couldn't hold myself back. I gathered her into my arms and felt her warm arms wrap around my neck, I could smell the strawberry shampoo in her damp hair. I held onto her, watching the clock on the mantle, the time I had left to hold Indie slowly ticking away.
I'm a bloody doctor. I've seen kids come in with fatigue and sore joints and bruises and go out of the clinic with a possible leukemia diagnosis.
Indie held firmly onto my hand as I tried to nudge her forward.
"You're the Princess Indie and I'm Princess River, and I've got to save you before you get to Heaven!" River happily exclaimed.
I walked over to them and shook each of their hands. Each handshake felt like we were signing a contract together, like we were all in this together, until the end.
"Hello, John, so sorry to be asking this today, but could you come in for a few hours? The main doctor has the flu and we are terribly swamped. It would just be until 7 this evening."
"Yes, love?" he said, bending closer to her.
"Can't tell," he said, his voice almost child-like, "he'll kill me, he'll kill me like Hunter."
"This pretty shell, I found it by the ocean! We want to know what kind it is," Indie said.
"Grandpapa, I'm not a little kid anymore, you don't need to tell me to go to bed," Charlotte said, rolling her eyes as she got up from the floor and gave Sherlock and John kisses goodnight.
"Get her dressed and I'll get this medicine measured." I said to him, pouring the ibuprofen into the measuring cup.
Before I could reply, Sherlock spoke up and said, "Thank you, ma'am, I am incredibly lucky to have the best husband and daughters in all the universe. Come John, River, Indigo, let's get back to the limousine." He gave the woman a brief smile as the girls took our hands and we walked toward the exit.
"I tried to get her up, but she said she was too sleepy." Sherlock said, standing up from the chair.
He could only choke out, "River!" before collapsing onto his husband and daughter, embracing them both in a hug.
No...this couldn't be Indie, this couldn't be my daughter, we had some time with her yet…we had more time.
"Go back to your family, Miss Petunia!" Indie yelled, waving her hand goodbye.
"Well someone has to worry about you," Charlotte said firmly.
I fumbled my way up the stairs, ignoring the worried whispers of my name coming from the front room.
"Papa! Come see what Molly got me for my new room!"
"Yes, Mrs. Hudson, yes it is."
Mycroft stood at the foot of her bed, his hand clenched into a fist at his mouth, his brow furrowed in worry.
"John?" he whispered, even though he knew he couldn't hear him any longer.
We fell into silence then, my hand running across his prominent ribs, his hand running through my increasingly greying hair, the tolls of the war we had lost.
"Then you can teach me how to be a very good doctor, like you are, Papa."
Her eyes brightened and she jumped off her bed, grabbing the fresh sunflowers from the bedside table.
"So, how is she doing, John? How are all of you doing?" Molly asked, once we were a safe distance behind.
"I fear I must bid you adieu, my darling princesses."
"Finally. Now, River woke up at 12:30 for a nappy change and Indigo woke up at 12:45, needing the same. They fell asleep after about 15 minutes of rocking and have been sleeping peacefully since."
I followed Sherlock into the kitchen, fixing us cups of tea while he rummaged through the freezer.
"Ba, ba," Indigo said, waving her arms.
"Damn it to Hell, that terrible disease. So much suffering, so many babies suffering." Mrs. Hudson quietly mused, her eyes staring at the little blonde girl in the decades old photo hanging on the wall.
"Come in Molly, Indie's upstairs napping, I'll go get her awhile, make yourself at home."
"What?"
It was her new favorite thing to have a popsicle in the morning and any bit of fluids and sugar she wanted, we gave to her.
He bent over and grabbed John's favorite blue and white tea mug from the table beside him, but the mug slipped from his grasp and crashed onto the floor, the sound echoing throughout the flat. John stood up quickly, startled by the sound. Sherlock was bent over just enough that he matched John's height, and their faces met each other.
If I had known then what I knew now, I would've hugged my girls a little bit tighter and held them just a little bit longer. I would've asked the photographer to just take a few more photographs and to leave us all of the ones she took, even the ones that didn't turn out as well. If only I had known that in less than a year, memories and pictures were all we had left of her.
"Papa? Daddy? Can I stay home after we are done Christmas break, I'm too tired to go to school anymore, but I want to finish this quarter so I can get my report card." Indie asked Sherlock and I as we were getting her ready for bed one night.
"River Grace, could you get me a blanket from the sofa over there, I feel a bit chilled," Sherlock said one evening as they all sat together.
River?
"Brilliant, John, our girl is brilliant! Walking at 9 months!" Sherlock celebrated from where he sat filming her.
He waved his hand dismissively at me and simply said, "Indigo Rose," before slipping through the door.
Jack lay in the middle of the floor, chewing on a stuffed red bone that the girls had gotten him for Christmas, surrounded by a sea of red and green paper and opened boxes. River was sitting on the couch with Greg and Mycroft, telling them how to take care of the egg sitting on her lap so that the little toy bird inside would hatch. Indie sat by the fireplace with Sherlock and Molly, who were helping her pick outfits to dress her new dolls. The girls were dressed in matching long-sleeved red plaid nightgowns and fuzzy red socks. I fiddled with three packages in my hand, wrapped in green paper with a red bow on top. I hadn't put these under the tree, I wanted them to stand alone.
"John? My darlings, I'm home, your Uncle Graham is here too, I don't know why he insisted upon coming up with…"
John secretly loved that River never lost the habit of calling him Papa or Sherlock Daddy. It was one thing that hasn't changed since she was a little girl, the days that he missed so terribly.
"You're upset with me," he said, his eyes flickering with understanding.
John sighed, rubbing his face with his hands and pinching the bridge of his nose until he took up typing again.
"It's fine, John, I'm alright."
I was furious, how dare he leave at such an important time! It didn't matter what we were having, boys or girls, as long as they were healthy.
The colors around me spun until everything went black.
Tears sprung up in my eyes as I took her hand in my own and let my daughter lead me.
River stood next to her sister, a mischievous grin on her face, and bent down, scooping water into her hands. She flung her hands up, throwing water onto an unsuspecting Sherlock. He stood for a moment, shocked, until putting the same grin on his face and throwing water onto his daughter, making her shriek with joy.
I came home and saw the fort of blankets, three curly haired shadows moving inside. Jack leapt onto my leg, barking excitedly.
"Sherlock! Hold on a second you're going to pull something off of her, she has IVs you have to be careful!"
Sherlock had just taken it into his hand when a snail popped its head out of the shell. Both girls jumped back, startled by the appearance of their new friend.
"That's me and Indie's room, and it hurts to be in there without her, I don't like that room anymore," she said, her tired, blue eyes swimming in tears.
"The best father, John. You cared for Indigo day and night and spoke to her doctors and arranged her care when I could not. You tried to save her and I pulled you away, giving up on our daughter. I locked myself away from River, only seeing her for brief moments before I had to run and hide again. To see her without her sister, to listen to her cries, it was all too much. I left the both of you, I abandoned my family if not physically, but mentally. Never question how good of a father you are, John, because you are a far better father to our precious girls than I ever was or could be."
"Uncle Mycroft! Daddy needs help."
"Remember when we were really little, we wanted a doggy so bad? We asked every day. But you and Daddy said we could get one when we were 7. But we got our puppy today and we aren't 7 yet."
"Yes it is, love, happy birthday!" I told her with a smile. "Six years old already, my, my how big you're getting." I said, hugging her close to me.
I bolted upright, quickly scanning the room for any signs of danger. Nothing seemed amiss, no broken objects, no further noises. I shook my head and rubbed my face with my hands. Nothing was worse than being startled awake. Light was peeking through the sheer white curtains; it was almost dawn then. My gray t-shirt was beginning to soak with sweat. Damn my nerves. Sherlock, of course, was sprawled out in bed next to me, face down in the pillow, and, of course, hadn't even stirred a little bit. I tossed the navy duvet off of me and nearly tumbled out of bed when I heard,
"Darlings! What are you doing waking Daddy and I up so early?"
"That he would be here immediately."
"I have to run to the loo, I'll be right back," River said, leaving Sherlock alone with her husband.
I cannot imagine a life without her blonde curls bouncing as she told me about her day, feeling her wrap her arms around me, or hearing her tell me she loves me, yet here I am in this horrible reality, eulogizing my darling little girl who has left this Earth. And we will inevitably move forward, forced to by time, drudging through life without our Indigo Rose, and it will make us so physically ill at times that we cannot get up in the morning, or go to sleep at night. The only reason I get up now is for you, my darling River and John, my beloved husband, the man who has always kept me right.
A few moments went by. Still no movement.
"I'm happy to see you too, Nana Hudson, how is that hip of yours?" he asked.
"That was fun, Papa!" River shouted as she and Indie skipped back to the car. Indie followed that with a "Thank you, Papa!"
I laughed to myself and we hurried to keep up with them. We piled into the car and I began to brush their hair and tidied up their dresses from their time in the field. Thankfully, they didn't get any dirt on their dresses and only a tiny bit on their shoes. The trip to the ballroom was filled with the girls recounting the look on Mycroft's face when a mouse had scurried across his newly shined shoes and when Greg almost fell after tripping over a mole hill. By the end of the ride, Indie was leaning against Sherlock, her eyes drooping closed. River began poking at her, trying to get her to wake up.
"I hope Papa and Daddy get up soon, I can see all the presents Father Christmas left for us!"
John left the room and I sat on my phone, running through potential cases for the upcoming week. Boring, boring, booooooring. Nothing, absolutely nothing. I would have to bother Greg for more cold cases to go through while the girls are at school and John is at work. I don't like to be alone.
We spent most of the night with her.
"Purple!"
Before I could shout the number of expletives I had lined up, I heard someone, no many people, crying, sobbing, absolutely wailing.
"Daughters, Sherlock, we have two daughters," I said.
If I had a camera with me, I would have taken a picture right then and there. Her smile was almost bigger than her face, her eyes shining with excitement, and her cheeks with a slight blush from all the attention. I hoped that the photographer, or someone, had captured that look on her face that I would sell the world for to see over and over again.
River took off towards Lestrade.
"Ow, Papa, that hurts." Indie said with a small cry.
I tugged a yellow sundress over her head and tied her curls into their first pigtails as Indie struggled to get away from me. She was 2 now and wanted to get into everything, asking "What's that?" as she held it in her hands, or drug it out of its hiding spot.
"It's so hard watching them grow up, isn't it? One minute you're their whole world and the next they've gone out into it." John said, brushing his foot across the pink petals that had fallen from the trees, "I suppose that's the point though, raising them to make a difference in the world, long after we're gone."
"River Grace!" he shouted, a hint of panic rising in his voice.
"Bye Uncle Greg and Aunt Molly!" She sang.
The voice of the doctor startled me, I had forgotten she was still here.
"Sherlock, come, sit down on the sofa here," John stepped towards his love, his hands held out in front of him. Sherlock wordlessly nodded, reaching his right hand out to John. He took it, frowning at how cold it was. It was only then that he noticed Sherlock's hair was wet and his body was trembling ever so slightly.
"I can't believe you remembered, Sherlock." He said.
Sherlock stood as still as a statue, eyes cast down, his shoulders slumped forward. He shuffled towards me and grabbed my hand, wordlessly pulling me towards the doctor.
We spent most of the night in that happy yellow room bordered by sunflowers, her paintings decorating the walls, her astronaut pajamas puddled on the floor, and memories of dress-up and stories, of dancing before breakfast and kisses goodnight sweeping over me.
"I think we should take her back home, a sea snail is happiest in the sea, don't you think my loves?"
River came into the room then, running to Mrs. Hudson when she saw her sitting next to her husband.
I was gathering the wrapping paper into a trash bag when I heard Indie making quite a commotion to get to the window.
"Daddy! Daddy!" I heard a small girl distantly yell over the noise of the city.
"It's a bit of a present for me too. Go ahead, Papa, open it, please?" River said, visibly excited.
"Oh okay, can River stay here with me, Papa, I don't care where I am as long as I'm with River."
Little hands pounded on the door and I opened it only to have two excited little girls attach themselves to my legs.
"What's so funny, Papa?" River asked between her giggles.
I passed the squirming girl to Sherlock and helped Indie look through the telescope.
At that moment, it became real. We were having two little girls.
Soon, all four were laughing and splashing at the ocean's edge, curls dripping wet and smiles across their faces. They would dig for shells and swim out to where their toes could barely touch the sand. And as the sun was setting, Sherlock and John wrapped their girls in their pink and white polka dotted towels and walk with them in their arms to the ice cream shop just across the street from the beach.
When it was decided that Indie was to sleep in the bed downstairs, River had screamed and screamed that she didn't want to be alone. With John and I so occupied for the night and barely sleeping ourselves, Mrs. Hudson offered to take River each night. River happily agreed to this arrangement and so she would fall asleep with Indie and John or I would carry her down each night, tucking her into those ghastly floral bedclothes Mrs. Hudson had on her bed.
"I'm sorry, John, so very sorry," Sherlock said.
"Give your co-workers and all those poor sick people some of these, that'll cheer them right up!"
"You're welcome, my darling Indigo Rose. I love you too."
He left swiftly and silently, only stopping briefly to give a curt nod to his younger brother, who stood still as a statue, not acknowledging Mycroft as he left.
"You'll be alright, love, just hold on for Papa, just a little longer."
"No, my darling, but you can see everything she makes for you," a deep voice rumbled from the doorway.
Moments after Mrs. Hudson had taken River to the bathroom to get ready for bed, Indie woke up gasping for air. I jumped up and quickly sat her up, propping pillows behind her as she coughed and wheezed. Sherlock grabbed her hand and spoke softly to her, brushing his hand over her unwashed hair.
We walked up the stairs to my old bedroom that was now the girls' bedroom.
"It's so pretty, I wonder what kind it is. Let's ask Daddy!" The raven-haired girl proclaimed, taking her sister by the hand and running with her to the two men that sat in red and white chairs further up the beach.
"Can't you stay down here to finish?"
"Hello my darling! What have we got here?" I said and tweaked her nose.
I had to get to Indigo, she wasn't gone, she couldn't be, not yet.
He was angry, his stiff manner and stubborn silence throughout the day told me that much.
"You are so thoughtful, lovebug, thank you. You make me very happy, you know that?" he said, giving her a kiss on the cheek.
Indigo clapped her hands and ate the fruit, leaving splatters of blueberries and banana on her clothes and in her hair.
"I love you too, Sunshine."
"This is such a lovely card, lovebug, thank you." I said, kissing her forehead and setting her on the floor.
Indigo? She couldn't be here, how could she be here in Afghanistan?
I turned to him and he nodded towards Indie, still sleeping in her Daddy's lap.
"Uh, French toast, I suppose."
"Well same goes for you. You haven't slept more than 6 hours in the last 2 days, you bloody idiot, and you solved our last case 4 days ago. There's no reason you should be awake all night, now go to sleep."
"Turn around, girls!" I said in my most commanding tone.
They spent the next few months in and out of doctors' appointments, Sherlock growing weaker as time went on. River and Charlotte spent more and more time at 221B Baker Street, afraid that he would leave them soon.
But soon after the games began, Indie's eyes began to droop closed, her wand no longer gripped tightly in her hand. The flat fell silent and the somber waiting resumed, every adult eye focused on the small girl in the white bed that was much too large for her, watching her chest rise and fall, rise and fall.
Despite his assurances, his chill was the start of pneumonia. He came home from hospital several days later, more pale than John had ever seen him.
"It was cold this morning."
Her eyes glanced at mine before she slid off my lap and ran to Sherlock, shouting, "the best day ever, Daddy!"
I walked into the living room where I heard River chatting away with Sherlock.
But what I saw instead stopped me in my tracks.
"You know we have to take them to the Moon now don't you, John?" Sherlock said as we laid in bed.
I was getting ready for the day, when I noticed the folder was gone from our dresser.
I took it and held it in front of the girls.
Sherlock tucked her into his arm, turning the light off in the bathroom as he went. He walked to his and John's bedroom and set her down on top of the navy-blue sheets. She rolled onto her stomach and crawled over to Sherlock.
After the girls had been put into bed, John and I sat in our bedroom next to each other on the edge of bed in silence.
John leaned his head onto Sherlock's shoulder. The two men sat contentedly hand in hand, a gentle breeze blowing, the sun shining softly down on them.
"Never fear, John, I have it all under control. Now, go."
"Not tired."
The door opened and two perfect little girls appeared, their dresses sweeping just above the floor, soft pink roses weaved into braided crowns atop their heads, their ringlets flowing past their shoulders, and their faces brightened with just a touch of makeup. My daughters looked absolutely beautiful, angelic even.
"Brilliant results, I've isolated the necessary sequence and now can begin my analyses!"
"Yes, yes, John, I have taken care of our daughters when they were sick before. We'll have a wonderful time, won't we, Sunshine?"
"I'd be happy to, Sunshine." I said to her, smiling.
Last night, I had walked into a scene of organized chaos after fetching ingredients for a lovely roast. Indie was standing on the couch with a green bowl on her head and holding out what looked like a paper towel tube in her hand. Her turquoise short sleeved sweater dress hung to just above her knees and her black leggings bunched at her ankles meeting the edges of her yellow socks. Sunshine socks she called them. Meanwhile River was sprawled out on the floor in Sherlock's coat, with her eyes shut and tongue dramatically lolling out of her mouth, her limp hand with another paper towel tube in it. Sherlock sat in his chair reading the newspaper, the corners of his mouth tipped up in his sly smile.
"Sherlock, what is all this? You ran out of there like you had seen a ghost and now suddenly we have the entire Babies R Us in our living room," I finally said, managing to get to my chair.
"Did the girls find proper dresses?" Sherlock asked as he straightened up and stretched out his arms.
"Where's Daddy?" She asked.
John came rushing back into the room, bottles and vials balanced in his hands.
"Another nappy change, darling? Hm, I hope you aren't becoming ill." Sherlock said, grabbing a thermometer as well.
I grabbed my mug and noticed that the fire was particularly large this morning. I took a closer look and found a scrap of burned paper with medical jargon on it.
John and Sherlock joined their daughters, giving their farewells as the sea snail was set into the receding water.
Sherlock hung up the phone and set it on the table. He leaned forward with his hands steepled, ready to dash up the stairs as soon as he was needed.
And then, she was gone.
I let her cry, let her scream, let her kick and punch at me until she exhausted herself, ignoring the odd glances and stares people were giving us.
After a pause, Indie sniffed and said, "Am I going to have to stay in hospital anymore?"
"I don't remember the last time I did that, Sunshine," he said, a sad note in his deep baritone.
He continued to work, 'Little Things' appearing across the top of the screen as the title to his new blog. He took a steadying breath and continued on,
"Happy Christmas, everyone!" River shouted, but Indie stayed silent, a pondering look on her face.
"Yeah, alright, Vicky, I'll be right over."
I leaned forward in my chair and ran my hands through my hair.
I kissed her baby soft face and lifted her into the air, her arms outstretched, her smile radiant.
She is my perfect little girl, my sweetest and brightest Sunshine.
"Come on, I have to show you something!"
"We were riding and she stopped and I turned around and there was blood everywhere! She didn't fall or anything, she just was bleeding! Is she going to go to heaven now, Papa, I don't want her to go right now!"
We sat for a few minutes eating our popsicles until we both were finished. I pulled out my phone and switched the camera towards us.
The two brothers grasped each other's hands and Indie's cracked and blue tinged lips quirked into a smile.
Indie's fever had waxed and waned, even though her sore throat was gone. She would be playing and smiling during the day and shaking with chills and burning fever by evening. She was exhausted, large bags growing under her eyes, her skin paper thin and pale, her limbs becoming weaker with every passing day.
He led them through the house. It was neat and tidy, the tan carpets looking as though they were barely walked on. They walked down a narrow hallway and came to the little boy's room. John took a deep breath before they headed in. Seeing kids like this never got any easier.
. You found a little sea snail," Sherlock said with a smile.
They arrived at the shady spot where River had left Indie. Empty grass was all they found.
"John, I'll clean up, go and relax."
They stopped for lunch in a sunny shop down the street from the surgery, walking down the street hand in hand afterwards, taking in the spring air. Laughing children ran past them, their parents frantically chasing after them.
Three people stood on a green rectangle of grass, with a little dog painted next to them. A small figure with yellow hair and a yellow circle over its head was flying over the rest of us.
Loud bangs were heard as River flew up the stairs and burst into the room, tossing her purple backpack on the floor.
River hopped off the windowsill where she was perched and gave me a thumbs up
His face was beaming with a rare full blown smile as he watched Indie jump, clapping her hands together to pop bubbles. I quickly picked up my camera and took a picture, catching her mid-laugh, her hands about to close over a bubble. She turned with the sound of the camera and ran to me with her arms outstretched.
It never would be enough.
"She's here, Uncle Greg! I asked her to wait."
"Now…hold Daddy's hand," she said.
We gathered up the papers into a folder and placed it in on our bedroom dresser. We fell into bed to get whatever sleep we could manage before the girls woke up.
A bowl was placed in front of me and I pushed it away. I looked up in surprise as it was pushed back at me, quite forcefully, by a very stern looking Indigo.
"I know you will," I stood up on my feet and waved them into the hallway, "off you go then, loves."
"Let's get your favorite books then, girls!" I said, scooping them both into my arms and running upstairs, their laughter echoing off the walls.
"A very good day, John," was all he said before slipping back downstairs.
Nasty things, ducks are. I disliked them ever since one had bit me as a child, but that day I had inexplicably found myself with a duck's bill in my hands, noisily consuming birdseed.
"That your Dada is just fine, don't concern yourself, darling," Sherlock said, brushing his hand over her hair.
"Yes, it appears you're right, Indigo Rose, your tongue is most certainly bluer. Well done!"
Beakers smashed against the wall, pages from files fluttered to the floor, notebooks torn in two. My useless hands cut open, wounds marking my clothes with crimson.
"What?"
"You need to get your heart checked out, chest pain isn't a joke, love."
"The room I love the most."
Indie looked back at her sister, sadness obvious in her face, and shook her head.
"It was 37.7 ºC last I checked."
"I miss her, Sherlock, I miss our baby," he sobbed, "every night I lay there and think about her. I just want to see her again, hold her again, talk to our beautiful little girl again. It's their birthday in only a couple weeks and instead of two blueberry muffins there will only be one, and we'll only put seven candles on the cake instead of fourteen. How can we keep doing this, Sherlock? How do we really move on without her? Can we move on? Jesus, Sherlock, we haven't even taken her placemat off the kitchen table or gone through her clothes and toys. How can I put them away when I still wait for her to come home every day?"
"Well, we best be off so our Little Miss Sunshine can get some shut eye, eh?" Greg announced, breaking the silence.
After the first few Christmases where I would simply guess the present the night before based on shape, weight, and the noise the box made when I shook it, coupled with what I knew I had mentioned to John or what John thought I wanted for Christmas, John had decided that I couldn't even so much as look at a present before Christmas morning. To his credit, I have still not found where he hides them.
I caught them as they were ready to set off, helmets on, feet on the pedals, with wide smiles on their faces.
"Do you want to go back, my love?" I said
We sat down to dinner and ate our fill of all the great food that the chef had prepared specially for each of us. I had requested a salmon dish, while Sherlock had fish and chips. River requested Chinese food and Indie wanted a ham and cheese sandwich and smiley fries.
I could hear the smack of a ball of paper as I went down the hall into the study, closely followed by a quiet shout of "You utter cock!"
When the room came back into focus, River was no longer in my arms, but in Mycroft's, reading a book concerning the metamorphosis of frogs to him. I caught River's eye and she stopped reading, shutting the book and bouncing back to me.
"Sherlock, get her dressed and get that pulse ox back on her finger."
"Papa says you have to eat. You have to listen to Papa. He knows everything about you."
"Oh, dear, I'm sorry, I shouldn't touch her things…" She said, her voice drifting.
I turned toward the table and hesitated over the pink rubber placemat that hadn't been used in months, the focus of every eye during any meal we ate here.
Soon, little feet pattered down the stairs and we made sure the girls were brushing their teeth before Sherlock and I got ready for bed. The girls crept into our room after they were done and we all got into bed, the girls laying between Sherlock and I. The girls told Sherlock about their shopping adventures until they became quiet and I heard soft snores coming from them.
"I'll just miss my girls, that's all sweetheart," Mrs. Hudson sniffled.
"All for you, Daddy!" Indie said, running to him and enveloping him in a hug.
"I missed you, River Grace, how was your day?"
"Sherlock, we know that her illness is aggressive, with a rapid decline. Indie will be dancing and playing one day, and the next she'll be too fatigued to get out of bed, too sick to eat, too weak to even move," I said, my voice breaking, "You blocked all the keywords concerning her illness from our web search and hid all my textbooks about pediatric oncology soon after our last meeting with the doctor. You told me that we knew all that we needed to know about what the coming months would bring and we didn't need the temptation to keep researching about it, trying to find a cure that doesn't exist."
"You don't think you're a good father, Sherlock?" I asked, softly.
And to think that when I first met him, Sherlock didn't even know that the Earth went 'round the Sun.
I had handled this just fine on my own, he didn't have to tell them now.
After dinner had been eaten, the kids were let loose to do whatever their little hearts desired. Balloon swords were fought with, kids were transformed into Spidermen and dragons, fairies and princesses, and coloring pages and stickers were left on tables. Lips and tongues were dark from the icing on the cakes and little fingers were sticky from the candy floss and other sweets we had set out. It was a mad, chaotic, glorious party. My face was painted with tiger stripes by the end of the night and Sherlock had even let River and Indie draw a heart on each of his cheeks. Greg opted for a dragon face, Molly had flowers painted on hers, and Mrs. Hudson was painted like Spiderman. Mycroft's face was paint-free, but his one hand had the same hearts that Sherlock had on his face.
I wrapped her tightly in the blanket she had around her shoulders and laid down, pulling her onto my chest. I brushed the hair from her face, her eyelids fluttering briefly before quickly falling asleep.
"It hurts that bad, does it?"
"It's beautiful, sweetheart, your Papa did a great job picking that out for you and your sister." He said, snuggling Indie closer to him.
"What are you doing, Sherlock?" He asked, his voice tinged with anger.
"Hello, my darling, how was school today?" I asked as she hugged me.
"How do you know I'm going to the shops?"
"Quiet, Sherlock, the girls!"
He looked up at me with the largest eyes I had ever seen. The intense fear that filled them made me take a couple steps backwards.
"They're FOUR Sherlock, they can't be in the kitchen by themselves!"
"Nothing is harmful and they'll go straight into the fridge we have in our room. Now, can you hold the peas?"
She was interrupted by a distant shout of "River! River!"
I quickly got up, ignoring the dizziness and nausea that swept over me, and went over to the bed, hoping to find her there, hoping this was all an awful dream.
John, his face having taken a slightly grey hue, ran his hand over the head in his lap again and again, speechless at what Sherlock had just disclosed. They sat in John's chair like that for a long time, until he finally spoke.
Daughters.
My heart sped up, my limbs began to tingle, only Sherlock Holmes could get a man to turn to mush with just a wink.
Sherlock and I then set to work getting the girls into their black pea coats and buttoning them up. Sherlock pulled two pieces of fabric from his pocket and wrapped one around each of their necks.
"Coming, love!"
"John, we have to put her in her nightgown, she can't sleep in anything else! You know she sleeps every night in a princess nightgown! How could you let them put her in this, this is what sick and dying people wear!" his voice cracking.
The line cut off and I tucked my phone away, not even caring how he knew or what he had rigged in this flat.
Unbeknownst to me, Sherlock had captured this moment on his phone.
"And at night, she sends shooting stars to tell you that she loves you, remember the shooting star we saw the other day when we were reading your books?"
"We're coming, my darling!" Sherlock shouted back.
He resisted any other attempts to talk with me and for a time, we sat in silence, Sherlock as still as a statue, with the only sounds coming from the telly and Indie's raspy breaths. I glanced at the clock, River was due home at any moment.
"Read this one for us, Daddy." Indigo said as she handed me a book.
"Sherlock, can we please talk about what Indie needs next?"
We ate with happy conversation, River finishing her stew, Indie left about half. I had managed to get my bowl down to Jack, who dutifully sat at my feet during every meal. I did give him more food from the table than even the girls, and certainly more than John, who playful shook his head at the little dog when Jack began to beg.
"There's my good girl, now go with Daddy, he can get you breakfast. I'll be there in a second after I check on your sister."
Oh my.
"I don't care about them, I want to be with Indie!" she yelled. With that, she threw herself onto the floor and began kicking about in a tantrum.
She shuffled nervously and began to sniffle.
"Papa, help me, help me, Daddy," she gasped.
River and Indie were practically rolling around the limo with excitement, their incessant chatter sounding like songbirds singing on a spring morning. I smiled and reached for Sherlock's hand that was sitting on the cushion next to me. I took his pale hand in mine and brushed across the scars on his wrist and the back of his hand, the thin, silvery lines somehow feeling even softer than his already soft skin. His head came to rest on my shoulder, his hair tickling my cheek and smelling somewhat floral from his shampoo. I took my hand off of his and wrapped my arm around Sherlock's shoulders, running my hand along his shoulder, feeling the bones of his shoulder beneath his coat.
Whispered words stopped John in his tracks.
"I can't lose you, Sherlock, I can't do it," John said with a sob finally breaking through his stoic façade.
I laughed and nodded at our precious daughters.
"Daddy, I don't think that worked." River said, her hand picking up a corner of a blanket. Jack took the opportunity to roll through the blankets, messing them up even further.
The sun shined brightly on us, giving us a little bit of warmth against the chilly January day. I walked with Indie to the park, chatting away with my little girl. She told me all about Sherlock's contest with her this morning and told me that she was sure she was almost big enough to be a scientist just like him.
"Alright, Sherlock, give the girls my love when they wake up."
The tray had two plates of uncooked batter, with what appeared to be shards of eggshells, covered in syrup, two princess-themed sippy cups of orange juice, and a bundle of Sherlock's red peonies that he grew in an upstairs window (rays of sunlight came in at just the right angle for optimal peony growth, according to him.).
"Yes, Papa, I miss that beach. I think Indie would want me to go back and have fun. She was so fun, Papa, she was my best friend."
I walked towards the crowd, holding my ears closed from the noise.
After dinner had been finished, we played dress-up with the girls, Molly helping the girls pick out outfits for all of us. Sherlock was given his deerstalker to wear and a pink cape. I was given a crown to wear and Greg wore bunny ears on his head. Mrs. Hudson had a safari hat on and Mycroft was given a pink tiara, which he placed on his head dramatically, causing the girls to giggle. Molly and the girls dressed in matching tutus and had pink glitter wands. They pretended to cast spells on us, turning us into various animals and objects.
"Good morning, Sunshine! How are we feeling this morning?" I said with a laugh.
"Well do it…now, Daddy."
The girls had gotten used to Sherlock calling their Uncle Greg by every G name in the book and simply replied, "Yes, Daddy!"
He had left a note, singularly addressed to Sherlock. He couldn't bring himself to read it until weeks later.
"Perhaps we could find a stuffed one for you, darling. Alright, Indie, love, it's your turn again to look!"
I thought I had long run out of tears, but they started to pour down my cheeks. Jack whined and licked my face.
After a few more moments, the ultrasound tech began typing on the screen.
It was then that I realized that they didn't actually know how to ride a bike.
A floorboard under my foot creaked, the wails stopped, and the people turned towards me.
"John?" Sherlock asked, worriedly, rising from his seat on the floor.
"Come on, Sherlock, don't think about it now, enjoy the rest of the evening with us."
"I just put her down for a nap, she said she was getting tired."
He settled Sherlock onto the sofa, fluffing a pillow behind his head.
I closed my eyes and tried to ignore the idiotic songs being sung by the equally idiotic cartoon mouse. I brushed Indigo's tiny hand with my finger, the rhythm of her chest rising and falling lulling me into sleep.
We would be having Christmas dinner at the Holmes estate, as we did each year. The estate was once home to Sherlock's parents. They left us soon after the girls had turned 2. Mr. Holmes was found by a maid one morning, lying peacefully in his bed. Mrs. Holmes was found in the same manner a few months later. They were entirely devoted to each other and as Mycroft put it, 'one couldn't live without the other.' Sherlock had taken the news of his father's death fairly well and we went to live with his mother for a week to keep her company. She visited often, but was still lonely I suppose. When Sherlock heard of his mother's death, he had run out into the night. I found him sitting on a park bench smoking a cigarette.
"Come on, I'll take you back home, I parked my car across the street there. What if we go back to Baker Street and make us a nice cup of cocoa, eh? Does that sound good, River?" Lestrade said.
"Well, why don't you make me both, Sherlock, I'll sample both of our girls' favorite stars," I said, winking at River and Indie, who giggled in response, "let me go grab my mug from the front room and I'll be right back to start making our galaxy smoothies."
His voice alerted the girls to his presence and River leaped up, running to Mycroft.
Everyone shuffled about getting ready to go outside, even Mycroft. I pulled down the fire escape and up we went, leaving tracks on the soft layer of snow that lay on the roof. I saw Sherlock's back turned to me and picked up a ball of snow, hurling it him, hitting him square on the head.
"Daddy?" She wheezed, her voice but a whisper.
We stepped out into the front room, shouting greetings to Molly and River. A smiling River turned the corner into the hallway and she crashed into my legs, hugging them with all her might.
I grinned and said, "I love you Sherlock, and your love for our daughters makes me love you times infinity."
I tucked Indie into her bed, thankfully she was already in her pajamas. I only had to take her tutu off so the fabric wouldn't be crushed while she slept. Sherlock laid River, Wonder Woman costume and all, under her blue polka-dotted bedcovers and tucked her in. We kissed each of them on the forehead and turned on the nightlight that was plugged in near the door.
I quickly dialed Mycroft and told him of our predicament. He promised the car would be there in 5 minutes. I hung up and followed Mrs. Keaton to the nurse's office.
"River, look! I found another shell!" Indie exclaimed, her hand waving in the air.
"I… I just wanted her to come back home!" River hiccupped.
"Oh my poor dear, extra sugar for you," she said, hurrying into the kitchen to grab the honey, sugar, and lemon.
He washed her and dressed her, brushing her wet curls down on her head with the girls' soft baby brush. She began to yawn and rubbed her eyes.
We ate dinner with happy conversation, Jack sitting dutifully at my feet as I fed him scraps from my plate. We were almost finished when I saw River's eyebrows furrow as she looked at Indigo's place.
"We should also get new books for River, the ones she has are terribly dull. Dinosaurs and tacos? Honestly, that's the best educational material they can come up with?"
"I'm sure they'll love to have you as their Princess, my love, what will you do on the Moon, River?"
He glanced at me, his eyes wide and darting about, his mind racing.
"I don't believe we ever sent Mike Stamford a thank you letter for introducing us that day," Sherlock said, his long limbs crossing mine.
"You're mine too, Indie, forever."
"Sherlock, pick her up, keep her head bent forward, I'll put pressure on her nose. Let's get them inside and warmed up, they're soaking wet now."
And so I went.
"Ah, is that so, Daddy?" I teasingly asked.
"Fathers don't usually see their daughters in their dress until their wedding day, so too, I do not want to see my daughters in these dresses until the party." He had said to me when I brought up the trip.
"I think that's a lovely spot for that one, don't you, Sherlock?" he said, turning to me with his arms crossed.
"Children, John, small individuals."
But what he saw, nearly shook him to his core.
"Did you now?" I looked at Sherlock, questioningly. He shrugged and strolled into the bedroom. "You'll have to tell me all about it when you're done with your nap." I told her, rocking her gently. Her breathing evened out as I rocked her and I laid her down on the sofa where Sherlock had been laying.
We arrived at the observatory a few minutes later and were led to a large auditorium with velvet red curtains on the stage and red cushioned seats to match. We took our seats in the front row, the girls sitting between Sherlock and I. The director gave a very nice presentation on the solar system, constellations visible tonight, and the meteor shower that was happening. The girls were happy with the videos the woman was showing and Sherlock sat as still as a statue, soaking up all the information that he had apparently deleted back in primary school.
"But then who will worry about you, Grandpapa?"
But even as her body betrayed her, she kept her heart and her smile exactly where it was, she was our little Sunshine.
"Who, Sherlock? Who hurt you?" John whispered back, sitting next to Sherlock and taking the freezing hand in his, rubbing his tanned thumb across the pale white skin.
"There, now you can ride all around these grounds like your father and I did when we were little boys."
I took the scrap of paper and threw it into the fire, watching it be consumed by the flames.
The whole scene was absolutely, wonderfully ridiculous.
"Daddy, I brought fish and chips home for you, your favorite." Indie whispered to him.
"Papa…" she said again, her words limited by breathlessness.
"Shh, River, sweetheart, its alright," he said, draping his jacket around her and gathering her into his arms. He rocked back and forth with her as she wept, sweeping his hand down her hair.
"Now Sherlock, she's sleeping, they gave her medicine to prevent more seizures and it makes people sleep, she's hooked up to IVs and monitors, there's a lot of stuff going on around her right now." I said to him outside of the door. I had no idea how he was going to react.
Dear God…
I snapped a picture just before I called everyone to come in to get out of our wet clothes, into some warm pajamas, and around the fireplace with hot tea.
We stayed with Mrs. Hudson for dinner. She made some sort of stew, it smelled nice, at least. Wasn't hungry though. The latest case Lestrade had called me with turned over and over in my mind. It couldn't have been the husband, could it? No, too dull, too predictable.
The sounds of water lapping against the shore, children laughing, and the wind in the trees escorted us out of the park, saying goodbye to the little girl that would never again play in its soft grass, never again dance at the water's edge.
"But that's so far away, Papa, can't we come back sooner?" River said, a pout on her face.
About the little things that became the big things.
All we could was stare at each other, alarms and the smell of bleach around us, welcoming us to this new world we were now a part of.
When I returned, Greg had Jack in his lap, feeding him bits of chicken, the snorting sounds of a ravenous pug making the girls giggle.
She and Michael came through the front door, River walking over to her father for a hug. Michael stood in the doorway, a soft smile on his face.
I was so tired. All I could do was brush my teeth and roll into bed, my face down in the pillow. A few tears leaked out, soaking the pillowcase beneath me. Jack snored in his bed on the floor. I felt the bed sink down next to me and thin fingers stroked my hair.
The memories came flooding back, I could see her and River sitting on the bathroom counter in their pajamas. I could hear Indie sing the song, specks of foam flying from her mouth. I remembered that she always started brushing on the right side, and that she filled her cup of water halfway when she was ready to rinse.
He chuckled nervously, "I don't know how to have daughters."
"I think I'm getting a bit slow, Indigo." I whispered to her. She giggled and waved to Mrs. Hudson.
"And if you need us, you can call us, love, and we'll be right here."
All we had left were the little things that would become the biggest moments of our lives together with her.
She shook her head no and leaned towards me, a curious look on her face.
"His hands, I believe."
"Oh…oh sweetheart, don't be scared," I said, running my hand along her damp curls, "Heaven is the loveliest place we can imagine, where the sun is always shining and there's so many flowers and any toy you can think of. You'll be able to run and dance again and go back to school. And you'll come to visit us, love, remember?"
I gave his hand a quick squeeze, his worried eyes locking onto mine.
Startled, I turned to find Sherlock leaning against the doorframe, arms crossed..
"Go ahead and oversee everything, John, I'll sit with them until they get up." Sherlock said, settling into a chair in the corner of the room.
He knew he couldn't take all of the pain away, no one ever could erase those haunting memories. John just wanted Sherlock to know that he was loved now, no matter what had happened in the past.
"Sherlock, you look like hell." I replied.
She weakly lifted her hand from the bed, eyes still wonderfully clear.
! Papa, you start." River said, pushing the book into my hands. I smiled and scooted closer to Sherlock. He held the other end of the book as I opened it. The girls quickly flipped to the front page and I began,
"It's nearly 9:30, Lestrade will be expecting you, Sherlock." I said, gently picking up Indigo and settling her in my arms. She stirred against my shoulder.
River, daring as she was, quickly stepped out onto the landing without a second thought. She knew she had to follow the butterfly, maybe it was leading her to a buried treasure! Or a secret butterfly land!
Screams ripped from his body, the shrill, frightening sounds cutting through the room.
They continued to talk with each other, River telling him everything else she deduced about the cashier. Sherlock's eyes shone with pride as he listened to our daughter, his smile never leaving his face.
Sherlock pulled himself from the floor into the chair, sighing as he did.
"I'll take care of her, Papa!" River announced with a shout.
River began pointing out all the shapes she saw, her nose pressed to the glass.
I stood by the girls as they looked through the telescope, directing them towards the constellations I recognized.
"And trying to protect me has always done so well before, right Sherlock?"
After an hour and a half of picking dresses and twirling around the room in each of them, the girls had finally picked out the dresses they wanted. Both had chosen full-length ballgowns to wear to the party. River's gown was had layers of light purple organza flowing down the bottom of the dress, the curved edges of the fabric making each layer stand out. The bodice of the dress was white in color, with a purple organza rose at the right shoulder and silvery beading in the shape of roses. The sleeves were of the same white material and ended right above her elbows. Indie had chosen a baby blue gown with a wide organza skirt. The skirt was peppered with white roses sewn onto it and the bodice of the dress had a baby blue lace overlay that continued into long sleeves. A thin, white ribbon was tied into a bow at the front of the dress. Each would wear white ballet flats and white stockings with the dresses.
"Certainly the best present I have ever received, Indigo Rose." Sherlock said, his eyes flickering with a hope I had long thought gone.
Soon, Indie was sitting on the couch in Sherlock's arms, wrapped in a blanket and dressed in her purple flower pajamas, sipping on water.
I thought about that room, all the memories that lay within it, and was almost glad that she had asked to move out of it, so that we could leave it locked away upstairs. It was selfish of me, but I could hardly bear going into the room where having two of everything was now so unnecessary, the room where we had all been so happy. I had made my peace with the mocking yellow walls that had watched Indie's life and did not wish to return.
"I was just thinking, Papa, about something you and Daddy told me and River a long time ago."
And then again,
I blinked back tears as he gently kissed my forehead. He pulled away from me and set Indie on his feet and began to dance. I did the same with River. Halfway through the song we switched. I set Indie on my feet and her arms wrapped around my waist as I brushed flyaway strands of hair from her face.
Not many people knew that I was somewhat of an amateur astronomer since my time in Afghanistan. We were stationed in the middle of nowhere, there were no lights to pollute the night sky. Sometimes, when I couldn't sleep, I would sit and look at the stars and find the constellations I knew. It helped me to relax and forget where I was for a time.
"Now, Indigo Rose, as a young scientist-in-training, you have the honors of judging which of us has the bluer tongue. Stick your tongue out at the camera on the count of three, ready?"
"Papa!"
River and Indie had smiles on their faces and their arms around each other. Their eyes slowly closed together, ocean blue and hazel eyes meeting for the last time.
I picked her up and wrapped her in a towel, bending her forward as she continued to cough, staining the towel with red.
"Wonderful, you're doing a great job, love. Now, can I get back to sleep? I have a train to catch in 2 hours."
"Someday, love. And someday, we'll be able to think about all the fun we had with her and laugh and feel happy."
A crowd of people stood in a half circle around the front. They were all wearing the same clothes, had the same hairstyle, and were all the same height. Their cries and wails became more and more deafening the longer I stood there.
River popped off of Sherlock's lap and ran to the door, swinging it open and practically tackling Molly with a hug.
"John?"
"It is beautiful outside, John." Sherlock said from his chair, a soft smile directed at our daughter.
"There, now she'll be right next to me!"
She got up and walked over to Sherlock, who picked her up and absolutely flew with her into the kitchen, high-pitched laughter ringing out.
"Papa, Daddy! Can we go ride them now? Can we, please?" River and Indie shouted, pulling on our arms.
"Of course, John, I'm hardly an idiot."
"Don't worry, love, I've got you."
At the mention of me, River jumped up and ran to me, Sherlock's coat dragging behind her. She smashed into my legs and nearly bowled me over. I crouched down to her level and planted a kiss on her forehead.
"Astronaut!"
He was even more devoted to the girls than he was before Indie became ill. He came to the flat every other day, usually toting along some sweets or toy for the girls and often stayed for at least an hour to play with them or read with them. On weekends, he would take the girls wherever they wanted to go, alternating who got to pick the destination each week. Sherlock and I would often come along on these trips and I had a pile of pictures stacked on the desk from these weekends. Photography had become somewhat of a therapy for me, I suppose.
She scrambled into my lap and I wrapped my arms around her. Her eyes were wide, looking at me innocently, a grin on her face.
"Fine, fine, you shut yourself off from the rest of the world and I'll just keep taking care of everything. Don't expect River or I to be here when you decide to be a husband and father again."
"Indie?" He whispered to himself as the little girl came closer.
"I just wanted him to love me," Sherlock whispered, the heartbreak of that little boy betrayed so long ago evident in his voice.
They drove away, leaving us behind to pick up the shattered pieces of our lives. I reached for Sherlock's hand to find that it was not there. The door to the flat was hanging wide open and I went back inside. I heard a commotion from our flat and rushed up the stairs.
"What was what, John?"
"River, sweetheart, what's wrong?" I said, wiping away the tears from her cheeks.
"What's Hell, Daddy?" a small voice squeaked out.
"It's time to party!"
I had often heard families of terminally ill patients talk about 'the last good day,' a day where it seemed like their loved one wasn't sick at all. They would get up in the morning and walk on their own, leaving their cane behind, not needing to be carried down the stairs. They would eat a full breakfast and go on a long walk. They would laugh and joke, their face unmarred by grimaces of pain, their eyes unclouded by fatigue and medications. The day's chores and errands would be done and every dinner plate would be empty. They would stay up to be with their family or friends long past the time they would normally nod off to sleep and everyone would be filled with a sense of euphoria, a nostalgia of days that had long passed. They would go to sleep with smiles on their faces, the day disappearing just like any other, and they would wake up the next day just as they were two days before, not able to eat, not able to walk, the light slowly fading from their eyes. They and their family would trudge on, hoping for another 'good' day that would never come.
She nodded her head and we made our way back inside. Mycroft had already procured new outfits for the girls. Sherlock got River cleaned up and out of her dress and into the jumper and jeans Mycroft had gotten. She had calmed down a bit and was sitting wide eyed in Molly's lap.
I wrapped her tightly in my arms.
His eyes were glazed over, but his pupils were normal and reactive. I breathed a sigh of relief, turning my attention to his wounded hands.
"No, River, it's just a nosebleed, it's alright, shh, it's alright, sweetheart." Greg said, rubbing circles on her back and rocking her back and forth, trying to calm her.
Sherlock and I walked hand and hand out of the school and we sat in a café across the street for the rest of the school day, my hand on my phone.
"Papa, you have that sad look on your face again," she said.
"Alright everybody! Time for lunch! How does grilled cheese and tomato soup sound?" I said, once we all had calmed down enough to speak again. Everyone affirmed that this was fine with them and I set to work.
He wanted to shout at them, yell from the rooftops, that she was so much more than that. She was intelligent, she was funny, she was kind, loving, and caring. That she was terrified of thunderstorms and she loved when the snow fell. That she was his little girl that gave the biggest hugs and sang as loud as she could.
'Thank you to all who have extended words of kindness in these last few months and I'm sorry I didn't get to reply to you all sooner, but I'm sure you understand. Grief still surrounds us. Sometimes I find that I'm gasping for air, trying to claw my way out of this fast-sinking mud. River is a wonder, keeping both Sherlock and I on our toes and keeping us laughing. But, at night, I find myself again weeping into Sherlock's arms, or into one of her favorite blankets.'
River laughed and shouted, "Pink!"
"I'm sorry I hurt your lip, Papa, I made you and Indie get better cards!"
"You have to go back, Papa and River need you," she said somberly, standing firmly in place.
I had just taken the thermometer out of her mouth and had turned to give it back to Mrs. Keaton when I heard banging and a scream from behind me.
'But, I write this blog now, not for me or Sherlock, but for Indigo Rose Watson-Holmes, our daughter, the girl that should have never left us. The world should know her and her story, how she lived, and how she died. She will forever be 6 and a half years old, a small girl with golden hair and the sharp cheekbones of her father, with a smile that lit up the room and a laugh that made your heart spring with joy. She was intelligent, she was funny, she was kind, loving, and caring. She would crawl into our bed whenever thunder rang out and she would wake us up at 6 AM to watch the snow fall. She believed that hugs fixed everything and could turn anything into a song. She was our little Sunshine.'
"Promise me you'll take the very best care of this bear and love him very much."
"I don't think for very long, Papa." she sighed, continuing to add paint to the paper in her hands.
"Bye-bye, Papa!" River yelled from her station at the counter where she was squashing a mitten shaped cookie cutter into dough.
"What's wrong?"
"No, I don't believe we did, he bloody well deserves one though," I replied, my voice muffled by raven curls.
"River Grace, my darling, it's so lovely to see you," Sherlock said, coming to his daughter and hugging her tightly.
I knew that he threw all of his emotional capacity onto us, his family. It was like his emotions were caged until we had River and Indie, and then all of the love and concern the man could muster just poured out onto our girls like floodwaters escaping a dam.
"Papa, Daddy, Indie! I'm home!" She shouted, a giant smile on her face.
We met Mycroft in a small room near Indie's room.
"Goodnight, little brother."
River straightened and cautiously glanced into the kitchen, her Papa was turned away from her, placing carrots on plates. She tiptoed down the stairs, searching for the butterfly all the while. She found it resting on the front door, its wings gently rising and falling.
"Sherlock, let it be, if she wants to read about dinosaurs and tacos, let her. She won't be this little forever." I said.
Our daughter had cancer.
Sherlock grabbed his other hand, not knowing what else to do. It was cold.
"How did you manage to get those? Those tickets have been sold out for weeks, some meteor shower is happening this weekend."
They stopped their game and River shouted, "Papa is the new base! Indie, try and catch me!"
We bundled them into their coats and their scarves from Sherlock as it was a bit of a windy November day.
I'll be there on time. Do not worry, John.- SH
"River, let her be. She's tired." Sherlock said.
"Yes, John, I'm alright," Sherlock said, laying his head down, "but we need to discuss the matter of my death."
"But I love her so much, Papa," she softly said.
My finger numbly dialed Mycroft and before I could say anything, his tired voice spoke.
"She's having a baby, Sherlock!" Mrs. Hudson laughed, "my dear, how wonderful!"
"River! Thank God you're safe!" He caught her in his arms and enveloped her in a hug. "Sweetheart, you're freezing, what are you doing all the way out here?" he said, his voice jittery.
"There's a good boy, good boy, Jack," I whispered to him, teardrops hitting his fur.
He looked slightly hurt, and I immediately felt slightly bad.
She sighed and snuggled closer to me. I was shocked when she looked up at me with tears in her eyes.
Indigo, meanwhile, walked over to John, my hand twitching with every limping step she took.
"I love you too, sweet little one," she said, gathering her into her arms as River looked on, confused.
"That would be lovely, Sherlock," I said, settling into his arms.
My head jerked backwards and I put a hand to my now bleeding lip where River had kicked me. She immediately stopped crying and stared at me, her blue eyes wide. She flung herself at me, sobbing.
My smile quickly faded when I saw how flushed she was. I set my hand on her forehead, causing her glassy eyes to peek up at me. She was on fire. I threw the covers off her and she curled into a ball, shivering.
"I love you."
"I suppose a few nice pictures wouldn't hurt, but they don't want to do this, I won't make them!" He replied.
"There's the park, Papa!"
"Oh Dr. Watson! River and Indigo are inside, Indigo seems to be feeling a bit under the weather, the flu has been going around as I'm sure you know! Poor thing started shivering like a leaf right before the final bell rang."
"You have to go to school, love, the holidays are over now. I know your friends are very excited to see you again!" I said, shrugging her navy blue school jumper over her head.
"I love you Aunt Molly. Don't cry, I'll be back to visit."
"How long?" I said quietly, continuing to stare at Sherlock, who held our sleeping daughter as close to him as he could, a lost look upon his face.
"I failed her Mrs. Hudson, I couldn't save her, my little girl," I sobbed.
I looked at John's beautiful blue eyes and only saw mourning and sorrow in them with not a single shred of hope. And if John had given up hope…
"Oh okay." She said, settling into Sherlock's arms as he handed her the iPad to play on.
He harrumphed and sat with his arms crossed, sulking. I chuckled and picked up a well-worn magazine that sat on the table in front of us, mindlessly paging through it until we heard our names called.
The sound of wheels rolling interrupted me and I saw the girls flying down the path into the front yard.
We stayed in the room for a long time after Mycroft had left to go sit with Indie and River. Sherlock's head lay across my lap, my one hand running through his hair, my other laying over the arm of the navy blue couch we were on. Sherlock's eyes were cold and staring at the ceiling above us and his face was stony.
I smiled, remembering how Indie would sometimes sing a song as she brushed her teeth, foam spraying everywhere as she laughed and sang.
I heard quiet footsteps enter the room and turned to see a man I hardly recognized. His normally ice blue eyes were dulled, his face slack, his back hunched, the normally well-fitting suit wrinkled and in disarray. His eyes bore into me and I wondered if I was just as unrecognizable, with grief overtaking every part of my being.
After they ate, Sherlock put her raincoat on and helped her into her boots. The two men took her hands and were walking down the stairs when she began to shout that she had forgotten her beloved blanket.
"How could I have been so blind, John?"
"Because Katie's Dad had leukemia and she told me he went to heaven, that's where angels go right? I have leukemia too, but I don't want to go, Daddy. Papa, I don't want to go."
"I better not get this too," I muttered to myself as I washed my hands, "or worse, give it to Sherlock and the girls."
Michael took her hand and kissed her temple.
"You're welcome, Papa, can I give Indie hers now?" She said, pulling on her shoes.
"Don't worry, our girl just had an accident in gym and sprained her ankle, she'll be in tip top shape in no time," I said and Indie interjected, "I'll be fine, Daddy, it feels much better!"
Tears were already pouring down her face as she made her way to Indie and River. She wiped her eyes with her handkerchief as she sat down on the side of Indie's bed.
"Can I do anything, John?" He finally said.
"Oh, no cases then?"
River looked up at me worryingly and whispered, "Will Daddy need a new bum?"
I sat down on her bed, her pillow behind my back, and held her like I did when she was a baby. More tears dripped onto the covers and I struggled to keep my body from shaking with the sobs I was trying to keep inside.
The lockets were silver with delicate engravings of flowers on the front. Inside I had put a picture of us from the photos we took before the girls' birthday party. Sherlock and I stood behind the girls, looking quite dapper and happy. River had decided it was a silly photo and stood with her hands on her hips, bending forward and sticking her tongue out. Indigo smiled brightly next to her sister, her hands clasped in front of her. On the other side of the locket, I had engraved 'We love you forever.'
We laid there for a few minutes until I saw River yawning.
With Sherlock's dinner safely tucked away, we made our way out of the shop and back onto the street. Indie was being carried by Molly and was chatting away with her, telling her how excited she was for the party and how they are the only girls in their class who have ever had a six and a half birthday party. River sat on my shoulders, pointing out all of the things she saw on the street. Eventually, we reached the door to 221B and Molly said her goodbyes. A chorus of 'I love you, Aunt Molly!' followed her down the street as the girls clambered inside.
Mycroft was at her side in a flash, taking her hand in his.
Dear Mrs. Hudson has been in and out of hospital with pneumonia since Christmas. She still insists on making us lunch and dinner, although your Papa has been making more meals for all of us as of late. Throughout the night, she'll tell her favorite stories about you and River. "Seeing those girls was my favorite part of the day," she always says. I am worried about your Nana Hudson. She has begun to speak of seeing you again. She's been with me since the beginning of my adventures on Baker Street and I cannot bear the thought of losing her.
"Indie's sick, Papa." she said, looking like a miniature Sherlock with her brow scrunched in worry.
I smiled back at her and she held tighter onto my hand. Her eyes frantically searched for John, who had left the room to get her afternoon medications.
"You're alright, Sunshine, just a bit of a nosebleed. Lots of little girls get them."
Mycroft had, of course, come right away. Any chance to show me up.
"All for you, my darling, all from our lovely Indigo Rose."
Something, there has to be something.
Our baby was dying.
"Good morning, Papa! You're up early!" River shouted, turning her head to look at my list.
The mention of his livers seemed to kick him into gear and he began to waddle away.
CRASH
I rolled over and slowly found my way out of the darkened bedroom. Sherlock was sitting in his chair, hands steepled. Oh God, he'd been thinking.
Indie loved Jack, loved his lopsided grin and his morning kisses.
"You think so? I think she would have picked a nice purple," he said.
"There aren't any bicycle shaped presents through, River."
"A puppy! A puppy!" River shouted.
"Daddy, you're back! Where did you go in your mind palace this time?" She chattered as she leaned against my legs, staring intently at me.
The little girl stood crying, fear beginning to fill her as she realized she did not know how to get home. She walked into the park, hoping to find a nice grown up to help her call her Papa. She saw a lady walking on the path next to the playground and went towards her.
"You're such a silly Papa."
"Go Sherlock, I'll sit with her." Molly said. She had come to the hospital as soon as she had heard, she loved spending time with both River and Indie, and usually took them out on Sundays for a "Ladies' Brunch" along with Mrs. Hudson.
I smiled at her, "I'm sure you are my little Sunshine."
"Oh 'ello girls, mmm finished shopping already?" He said sleepily.
Outside the front doors sat two bicycles, one pink and the other a light purple. They had training wheels, a basket, a bell, streamers from the handles. They were adorable little bikes.
"Go ahead, John, it's only until 7, plenty of time before the girls will go to sleep. Your patients need you. The girls and I will manage for a few hours." Sherlock said, shutting his laptop and walking over to me. He kissed me gently on the forehead.
The day before Sherlock's birthday dawned and I finished my last notes on what I needed to do for the party. It would be a small, intimate affair, with Mycroft, Molly, Greg, and Mrs. Hudson in attendance. Pizza and chocolate cake with chocolate icing would be served, along with ice cream and some other snacks. I sat at my desk, smiling to myself as I looked at the plans for what would be Sherlock's first birthday party since the age of 8 (according to Mycroft) and congratulated myself on planning such a lovely party in so little time.
John and I held each other for a few minutes more, before returning hand in hand to the front room to say our goodbyes to Molly.
We fell into each other's arms and I watched as the Sun rose, rays of light filtering through the windows, shining onto the small face that could no longer feel its warmth, onto eyes that could not see, onto the lips that would never again smile at a sunny day.
"Yes, Daddy, a baby. Aren't you happy?" River said, her smile wide.
I walked out into the lobby and saw that some guests had already started to filter in. Each child was provided with a suit or dress and their hair and makeup were done at Mycroft's expense. I learned not to object when Mycroft gave extravagant gifts to me or the girls. It was the only way he knew how to express his love, and by God did he love our little girls.
Hurt crossed John's face briefly before he silently nodded and went back to his plate.
Their Charlotte was nearly 13 now, growing tall and lovely just like her mother. She was smart as a whip too, joining Sherlock and John every chance she could to sort through case files and pictures. It was hard watching her grow up, they both loved having a little one around. Neither of them had counted on it, but children had brought them the greatest joy in their lives. Their girls and their little granddaughter had brought more smiles, more laughter, than anything ever did or ever could.
"Dinner's ready, everyone. Come, let's tuck in." John said, his voice suddenly years older.
Charlotte smiled and waved one last goodnight before going into her bedroom.
"Papa! This is such fun, Papa! Come jump with us!" Indie shouted as she jumped and spun around and around, spurts of water coming out from under her rainboots each time.
Papa and I are considering getting another little pug soon. Five years have come and gone since we lost our dear Jack. I know that he is with you now and can imagine him lounging on your feet, keeping them warm as he did when you were here. I see you both frolicking through warm fields of flowers and grass and I am content that you both have each other again.
"I remember now, even more than I did before," I said to Sherlock, feeling almost giddy.
Sherlock only focused more intently on making the cup of tea in front of him.
She was my daughter too.
River sat on the other side of the room in my chair, drawing on a piece of paper and swinging her legs. Jack lay beneath her, snoring.
Her sister nodded in affirmation.
"What are you doing to me, John? Take that off." He said, his brow furrowed.
My heart was breaking as I looked into my daughter's eyes, the sorrow within them far too great for any little girl to bear.
Mrs. Hudson cleared our dishes and gave a plate of cookies for 'Father Christmas' to River. I would enjoy eating them later. I do love Mrs. Hudson's ginger nuts.
I quickly pulled my phone out and went through my picture gallery, remembering a picture I had taken of the girls in early September.
She was the embodiment of perfection.
"I drew you and me and Daddy and River and Jack!"
"Leave that to me, love," John said from the kitchen where he stood drying dishes from dinner.
"Still a little warm, love, let's get downstairs and get you your medicine, hm?"
I saw Sherlock's eyebrow quirk and I quickly shook my head at them. She could tell us on her own if she wanted to.
"Papa, where did Indie's placemat go?"
"Can I come in, loves?"
"Up you go then, loves."
She continued to play with her toys as I finished washing her.
For a moment, she was the brightest thing in all of London.
River grabbed Indie's hand and absolutely flew down the stairs. Sherlock and I were following them when I heard,
I burst out laughing, my whole body shaking from the force of it.
They hurried over, the soft swish swish of fabric following them, and rushed into my arms. I could hear John admonishing them to keep their dresses and hair tidy for the pictures we were taking before the party.
I lifted Indie out of the bath and wrapped her in her fluffy pink towel.
I picked up a pair of blue pajamas from the drawers we had placed in the corner of the room and disconnected her from the wires and tubes, happy to see her without them.
"It's not fair! Indie is my best friend! She can't die!" River cried out, angry tears beginning to stream down her face.
She lay in a small white coffin clothed in a light pink dress, her beautiful face peaceful and serene. That morning, I had placed her violin with her, its strings barely played, and tucked her soft pink blanket in with her. John had placed her silver locket on her chest and a sunflower in her hands. River set a card in the coffin, two little girls enclosed in a heart drawn on the front.
Her weak voice spoke again, this time to a crying Molly, who had gathered Indie into her arms.
Indie simply shook her head.
"Of no concern? Sherlock, you were so afraid of me, scared that I was going to hurt you," John said, as gently as he could. He took a step towards Sherlock cautiously, hands in his pockets.
"This one is from Papa and Indie and me! Papa took us to the store to buy it." River said, sitting cross-legged on the floor.
He put his dishes in the sink and went back to his reading.
We had just turned on Wall-E for Indie to watch when a doctor somberly came into the room and asked to speak with Sherlock and I.
"And I'm sure Miss Petunia loved meeting us all, but she probably needs to get home to her family, it is getting a bit late."
"It's our birthday, Papa!"
He popped his head back up and calmly said, "This is your third hospital, you had to move from the others because your husband was abusing you, but you still talk to him, can't get away from your "true love," even though he beats you to a pulp on occasion. Your dress is wrinkled and your hair is slightly messy because you overslept and had to rush to get here. I could go on and on, but I have to get back to Indigo now, do try to get your own life in order before you even dare to tell me that there is no hope for my daughter's life."
Mycroft finally stood up and tapped his umbrella on the floor, taking a deep breath before walking to Indie's bedside.
They fell asleep hand in hand as they always did, thin fingers intertwined with rough, calloused ones.
Screams reverberated off the walls around me. I didn't realize they were mine until Sherlock pulled me into his arms and the screams became muffled as I cried into his shoulder.
"Okay, Papa!"
"Of course, sir, come get your girls," she said.
Once the door had been softly closed, we crept over to the side of the bed and Sherlock gently touched the side of River's cheek, her long dark lashes fluttering for a second before she settled back into her dreams. I tucked the soft pink blanket around our girls and placed a feather-light kiss on each of their cheeks.
"Good, only the best for our girls, John, only the best." He said, giving me a kiss on the lips.
"Good morning, John, would you like star French toast, or star pancakes?"
John sat with his laptop, typing a blog that he had so long neglected.
"Aunt Molly, come here, you have to get your hat!" Indie shouted from across the room.
"Papa, you and Aunt Molly are so slowwww." River said, with all the petulance of her Daddy.
"She has strep throat, she'll be alright once we get her temperature down and some fluids and antibiotics into her. Help me get her undressed."
Sherlock and I had decided to tell the girls while we were still in the hospital. We wanted as little of these memories as possible to be associated with Baker St. We needed to keep our home as their sanctuary, as our sanctuary.
She squealed and began to march around with me. We danced in circles, the ducks following our every move, until she stopped and sat down on the cold rocks.
Papa? the voice said again, this time the voice sounded much more frightened.
Happy Christmas, Indigo Rose. We love you too.
Sherlock seemed to fold in on himself as John got down to his level. The giant of a man that John had fallen in love with was now trying to make himself as small as possible, as invisible as he could. It tore at John's heart. He reached to pick up a large piece of ceramic and accidentally brushed his sun-tanned hand against Sherlock's, who pulled his hand back so quickly he nearly fell over.
I found him sitting in his armchair, papers strewn all about him, tears pouring from his eyes. He didn't budge when I entered the room and wouldn't even flinch when I waved my hand in front of his face.
"I know, sweetheart, and you were her best friend. She loved you so very much."
"Help, help him, Lestrade, you have to help him" Sherlock pleaded, his ice blue eyes shining with tears. "He's…"
It hovered for a few seconds more and then flew away towards the trees, disappearing into the beautiful blue sky that held cotton candy clouds shaped into penguins and dragons, into hearts and sunflowers.
"Next summer, my loves, and the summer after that and the summer after that, until you're both grown up and have to take me and Daddy to the beach," John said with a laugh.
"I think it's time to be off, girls, tell everyone Happy Christmas." I said, grabbing their freshly washed coats to shrug onto them.
Please. The word that barely crossed Sherlock's lips made John shudder every time he uttered it. Sherlock Holmes didn't ask, didn't beg.
"Obviously."
"RIVER!" He screamed, the anguish tearing through Baker Street.
"She's safe, John, she's alright. I found her at that park you and Sherlock used to take the girls to."
"Arrest the parents. The father killed the boy, but the mother assisted in the abuse," Sherlock growled and swept out of the room, his long coat billowing behind him.
"Our little dancer, twirling across the stars," he paused for a moment before continuing, "I understand now why the world's majority believes in an afterlife, the possibility of seeing her again brings immense comfort to me."
I remained silent, taking John by his trembling hands and leading him into the kitchen.
"Promise?"
Her lips turned into a smile and she began to laugh, its sweet notes ringing throughout the room. She flung her arms around Sherlock and snuggled up against him, chewing on his t-shirt.
She gave me a very serious look and said, "Daddy, I won, my tongue is most definitely bluer than yours."
River clung to Sherlock and I, refusing to have us out of her sight for more than a moment. Her therapist had visited every day too, helping us get her through the first days without her sister, her best friend.
No one else would've noticed the slight hitch in his speech, the tense posture Sherlock had. But John did.
"John, we should discuss the matter of my will," he hesitantly began, "we both know my heart is weak, these pains are just a signal of something worse to come."
"But it will happen, John, and we must take each precious day as it comes and keep it in our hearts and minds forever. We will make these next few months happy and carefree. She is incredibly perceptive, John, when she knows, she will ask, and we will help her be ready. We will hold those little girls as tight as we can and when Indigo tells us, we will let her go, and hold River even tighter. It will happen, John, but it isn't happening now, dwelling on her death will not allow us to watch her live."
"Pretty dolls for even prettier little girls, River Grace. And how is my Indigo Rose feeling today?" He said, stepping into the room.
Cancer would take our shining, caring, loving little girl away from us forever in less than a year.
I struggled to keep my hand from shaking as I handed it back to her, her hazel eyes giving me the same expectant look her sister had.
Before I could speak, River turned towards Sherlock and cried, "I hurt Papa! I was being bad and I kicked him and I'm sorry!" She turned back to me and continued crying into my t-shirt. I ran my hand down her raven hair, trying to comfort her. Sherlock looked down at us, a hint of amusement on his face.
"It will be arranged, John."
"Stars! Well then, I best get out there and make us all some galaxy smoothies!"
I stepped inside the bathroom and shut the door, the tile cold on my bare feet. I glanced at the sink and saw her toothbrush still sitting in the little cup on the counter next to River's.
I sighed a small breath of relief. At least our girls weren't in imminent danger of hurting themselves or burning the house down.
"Indie, love, what's wrong? Sherlock, what's wrong?" he said, panic bubbling at the surface.
I ripped October 7th from my calendar that Molly had gotten for me last Christmas, looking at the little pug puppy sitting in a pumpkin and the accompanying quote for today;
"Good morning, Sunshine, Aunt Molly's here, it's time to head out shopping!"
"GET AWAY FROM ME!" I snarled at whoever dared to interrupt me.
"Daddy!" I heard her scream again, this time much more frantic, much louder. But River couldn't be here, she was at school, John was at the clinic.
"Your Daddy is an arrogant sod, isn't that right, my little lovebug?" I teased, finishing her feeding.
"I'm so sorry…what a lovely little girl…she was beautiful…"
She sighed, not daring to look at me.
"Daddy! Open your presents!" River said, chocolate icing spread around her mouth.
I nodded my head and nudged Sherlock to do the same as he was transfixed by the little moving figures on the screen.
He reached the door and opened it, walking into the room barely lit by sunlight. Sherlock thought it odd that John wasn't waiting for him in his armchair as he normally did, but then he remembered that they were out of milk again. He turned quickly to head into the kitchen to begin making tea for them both, he was sure John would be home from the shops soon. As he walked, a strange smell hit him. It was barely there, but very out of place in the flat. It was oddly familiar, he had smelled it on countless cases, in the morgue…a sudden panic rose in him when he realized what it was.
"Dada! Grandpapa! I'm here!" Charlotte's voice echoed up the stairs as she ran up them and into the front room. She saw Sherlock sitting in his chair and hurried to him, wrapping her arms around him.
We picked a fine selection of books to read and settled down on the floor of pillows and extra blankets. A little lantern provided light for us in the fort, the soft orange glow of the fireplace peeking in through the opening. The girls sat in my lap with my arms wrapped around them.
was emblazoned across the top of the book. We hadn't read this one since the girls were very small. Again my mind flashed back and I was sitting in a rocking chair, golden wisps of curls sat against my chest and tiny hands reached for the pages.
"She was here! We went on the swings and on the slides and climbed through all the tunnels!" she shouted frantically.
I walked past Sherlock and went down the stairs. His swift footsteps following closely behind.
"Well let's get you back on that couch and a pillow under that ankle!" he said. He practically floated to the couch, flying Indie like an airplane, before gently placing her on the cushions, popping my Union Jack pillow under her right ankle and draping a blue knit blanket over her in one fluid motion. Only Sherlock could make placing a child on a couch look like a scene from a world-class ballet. Once she was settled in with her coloring book, he crossed to the kitchen and I followed.
"Indigo needs her family, not strange nurses, John. We have been taking exceptional care of her and we will continue until she no longer needs our care."
"Ah, thank you, John, this is, uh, this is very lovely." Sherlock stammered out. He replaced the watch he was wearing with my gift.
"I won't hurt you, Sherlock," he said, inching closer to Sherlock. He opened his eyes and all John could see was terror.
I looked down at my beautiful girl. Her face had relaxed into a calm serenity, her hair lying neatly around her head. Her arms lay at her sides, fingernails painted a bright pink, the sleeves of her pajamas just a bit too long.
"I'm telling you, John, they are two boys. I'm sure of it," Sherlock said as we were sitting and waiting for the nurse to call us back.
It was a cool September day when we noticed our youngest limping after we picked her up from school.
His mouth kept moving, but no words were coming out. He stopped pacing and crouched on his heels, folding himself inwards, wrapping his arms around his legs, and placing his head on his knees. Raven curls trembled as he rocked back and forth. Sobs wracked his body.
I fell asleep, thinking of the latest adventure our girls had thought up and fell asleep with that picture on my mind, we would have to get that one framed.
"Shh, he's alright, just asleep, but I think he would love to be woken up by his two most favorite girls in the world, don't you think?"
"No, it won't, sweetheart, Papa and I promise you that. We promise." Sherlock solemnly said.
"There we go," I said, placing Indie's painting on the refrigerator next to River's, "two lovely paintings by the most beautiful artists in the whole world."
"Forever?"
God, what a wonderful sound.
Silence.
"Bye-bye, Uncle My…I love you," Indie said, breathless.
"No, John, please," the strangled, deep voice said as it turned toward John.
"Daddy, is your bum okay, you fell a lot!" River yelled back.
Sherlock's expression had become dark with the mention of Indie's illness, his hands clenched into fists at his sides. I walked over to him and rubbed the small of his back.
"Mycroft, what time is it?"
I nodded my head and wiped tears from my eyes. I heard Mycroft call for me and as I went into the hallway, I saw Mrs. Hudson sit on the bed and hold Indie's blanket in her hands, rubbing her thumb over the soft fabric. She folded the blanket, small sobs escaping her as she slowly began to straighten up the table next to her, putting dull crayons back in boxes, closing coloring books with pictures that would never be finished, and gathering the dolls that would never be played with again.
I am actually raising two 6-year-olds and a 2-year-old, I thought to myself as I shrugged my black jacket on and grabbed an umbrella.
"I'm so sorry, love, can you tell me what hurts, sweetheart?" I asked her, taking her wrist in my hand to feel her pulse. It was fast, but strong and steady.
"Thank you, Grandpapa!"
I put my hand under her chin and picked her head up so that she was facing me, but her eyes avoided mine.
The next day, Sherlock and John set out several brightly colored flowers in the planter boxes outside the front room windows. They would watch the butterflies and hummingbirds come and go, always smiling when sunshine yellow wings would appear.
Sherlock's hand was gripping mine so tightly that my fingers were numb and he kept his eyes down, never glancing at the doctor as she spoke to us.
"Hi, Daddy! Come look at what I got!" She said, giggling.
It was the first 'after' photo either of us had taken, capturing the quiet strength of this wonderful little girl and the love her Daddy had for her.
We went back downstairs, Indie immediately perking up with the sight of Molly and her sister. I set her down and she went over to them, shouting her greetings.
And all too soon, it was 8 o'clock.
I couldn't deal with him at that moment, I couldn't deal with any of this, putting my daughter in hospice, signing the 'Do not resuscitate' order that meant I couldn't do a damn thing but watch my daughter take her last struggling breath, even though my mind would be screaming at me, 'Save her! Save her!' I would let her fade away, her beautiful voice, her kind heart, her silly jokes, all becoming memories.
"Sherlock? What's wrong?"
"Indigo, no, don't leave me! Please!" I begged, leaping forward in a panic, my arms flailing, trying to grasp onto her again.
"Open the door, John."
"I love you too, River Grace," I said, starting to rock her back and forth.
"Sherlock, look at me."
He stepped into the bathroom and wiped away the stray tears that had fallen.
"Indigo, come on, we have to find your sister," I said, tugging at her hand.
"River Grace…
"Love you, Papa!" She sang, climbing into bed.
Sherlock became more restless, where were they? They were always home by 3:30, always. Nothing seemed amiss this morning, the girls were happy, John was smiling. Were they kidnapped, hit by a car? He ran his fingers through his hair and chewed his bottom lip, a habit he had since childhood, but only showed up when he was most stressed.
"What are you talking about Sherlock?" I asked. He jumped off my lap and began pacing back and forth in front of me, his arms waving in front of me.
Her pink trainers slapped against the concrete as she ran down the street behind the butterfly. It led her down several blocks, through several alleyways, until she arrived at the playground that she and Indie had most often played at when they were younger.
I gave her another dose of Lasix through her IV, trying to get her body to get rid of the fluid that was filling her lungs. She stopped coughing and her breathing calmed down. She sighed and her head lolled back onto the pillows, her eyes dull, blue shadows as dark as night underneath them.
It's been twenty years since you left us, my darling. Time has only dulled the pain of your loss. There are still days that I pass sitting alone in my chair, lost in the memories I have of you and your wonderful life.
I laid my head on top of hers, tears dripping onto her hat.
He stood up, his tail wagging furiously. I had just scooped him into my arms, when a small voice from the doorway startled me.
"What? What did she say, Greg?" John asked, confusion clear in his voice.
"I'll take any chance I can get to throw something at Sherlock," he laughed.
They quickly ripped off their leggings and scrambled into their yellow rain jackets and green frog rainboots.
I stepped over to my family, taking a sunflower from the jar and breaking the stem. I placed it behind River's ear, the bright yellow petals framed beautifully by her dark raven hair. John took his phone out and snapped a photo.
He had her dressed in a flash and the monitor beeped, flashing an "85%" on its screen.
"Do shut your mouth, John, it is a bit unattractive, our girls didn't have time to craft their own spaceship during these past few days, so I found one for them. Our Moon Princess and Prime Minister deserve only the best spaceship in all of Britain to take them to see their kingdom."
As the door closed, I could hear Molly and Indie laughing about something that the little robot had done on the TV, the sweet sound comforting me for the briefest moment.
You showed me how to live life, how to celebrate our short time on this Earth.
"No, John, I've simply deduced that both fetuses are male based on the way that Lindsey is carrying and her suspicious lack of morning sickness."
John opened the package and pulled out small white baby shoes.
He kissed her and put her on my lap, the corner of my mouth upturning when I noticed the smudge of flour on his cheek from Indigo's flour covered hands. He gave me a quick kiss and went to River, kissing her as well. Mrs. Hudson hurried into the kitchen and shoved a plate of cookies into John's hands.
"Timeout, River, timeout, I'm tired." Indie said, catching her breath. She snuggled back into my arms. "Can I go to sleep, Papa? I'm so tired."
"John, I want to keep the snail. Many experiments could be done, the diet of a sea snail, the social behaviors of sea snails with other aquatic life, the possibilities are endless," Sherlock whined.
My darling angel, my baby, I love you, I love you, I love you.'
"Oh my darling, Daddy and I have tried so hard to find something to make it all go away, but we couldn't, sweetheart...I'm so sorry, Indie."
She tossed and turned in his arms, happily babbling away. After about 15 minutes of this, Sherlock gave up and put her on the floor to crawl around on the soft white rug. She crawled to a pile of blocks and began to bang them together, laughing as she did.
"Yes she did. She loved so many things, including this little bear. Now, can you promise me something?" John said.
I went over to him, with River following close behind, and we both hugged him. I looked up at him and pressed my lips to his.
The clock in the front room chimed and I glanced at my wrist, forgetting I had tossed my watch into the bin. I couldn't bear to look at the face of that watch again.
"Well, it is quite impossible to multiply anything by infinity as…"
"What shops are you planning on going to today, John?" Sherlock asked with his head in the freezer, his voice muffled.
GIRL!
"Sherlock, fifteen minutes isn't enough to…"
The periodic table I had hung when we made up the nursery was put on the wall beside the window, River proudly naming the first ten elements when it was hung. John and I smiled at each other, John shaking his head and laughing to himself.
I looked at the doorway and saw Mycroft standing there with his hair disheveled and suit jacket unbuttoned.
His words hit me like a ton of bricks. I hadn't even thought of it like that.
I kissed him quickly, a blush sweeping across his pale cheeks.
"River, don't say that to Papa and Daddy, they're just bigger so they move slower!"
"John, my love, Indigo is not coming home. She doesn't need this anymore."
I stopped scrolling through the cases piling up on our website and went into her room. She was sitting cross-legged on the bed, a piece of paper on a book in her lap and a pencil stuck in her mouth.
I brushed my thumb over the picture, Sherlock held River in his left arm and I held Indie in my right. Both girls were wearing baby blue frock dresses with bows in their ringlet hair to match. Three little faux buttons were in a column at the top of the dress and white embroidered flowers danced down the front of the dress. White tights and black Mary Janes completed the outfits. They had one arm around each other and the other around Sherlock or I. Their cheeks were pressed together and they had both been caught mid-laugh, their eyes shining brightly with mirth and their smiling mouths wide. Sherlock and I were kissing their cheeks with smiles on our faces. The girls were the center of our world, radiating laughter and light, and no other picture ever captured this as greatly as this one did.
"This one's a tough one, guys, one victim, eight years old. We have the father and mother here, they're pretty shaken up. Say they found their son on the floor. He sleeps on the top bunk without a railing and figured he fell out. But, I don't like it, it just doesn't seem right, Sherlock, that's why I brought you out here," Lestrade said.
He sat there for most of the night, waiting for Sherlock, until the darkness of sleep overcame him.
This would happen every few weeks or so, until one day John had had enough and drug him to the local surgery to get checked out.
"Hold…my hand…Uncle My," Indie gasped out.
"Goodnight, Uncle Mycroft! See you tomorrow!" River said, propping herself on her elbow.
The girls' tears had stopped at this point, telling them that we no longer had to be in this hospital calmed them enough, their immediate fears were gone. John had a strange look on his face and opened his mouth to say something, but I quickly shook my head.
I glanced into our bedroom through a crack in the door. The floor was littered with debris and Sherlock was slumped against the wall by the door, his hands coated in dried and congealed blood.
I chuckled to myself. "I don't know, love, maybe they do, they look like a fine couple of birds."
"River!" I yelled into the sea of people on the sidewalk, looking to see if I could see her in the crowd.
"Don't you want to go back to your room, my darling?" I said, brushing back curls from her forehead.
Sherlock surprised him by quickly jumping up and running to their room, leaving John bewildered. He stood up, ignoring his dizzy head, and ran to the closed and locked door. He knocked very gently, hoping desperately that Sherlock would let him come and hold him in his arms.
"Oh, before I forget, here's their ultrasound pictures." I took them out of my wallet and handed them to Sherlock. He wordlessly took them, put them in his pocket, and sat back on the floor, continuing to silently sort through the massive pile of baby clothes.
"Alright, darling, it's alright, Daddy's here." Sherlock soothed. He picked her up and bounced her, rubbing his hand up and down her back as he gathered what he needed to change her.
"What a lovely family you all are!" She said as she handed by camera back to me.
"I'm sorry love, I just have to look at it. Did you fall? Did someone hit you at school?"
Then her mouth curved up around the pacifier and a giggle escaped her.
"No, Papa, you're lying! You're lying!" She screamed at me, her eyes now wild. She violently wriggled out of my arms and ran out the door, the dog following her.
Panic radiated off of Sherlock and he swiftly crossed the room, stopping in front of his brother.
Sherlock and I tucked her and River in that night, her cheeks still red from the cold and wind, her laughter ringing out and cries of 'Daddy, do it again!' as Sherlock did the 'funny' voices in their story. We shut their door and I looked up at Sherlock, his eyes shining with the same euphoria that I felt.
Mycroft and the girls standing in front of a T-rex fossil, Sherlock and I and the girls sailing boats on the pond on Mycroft's property, the girls and I in front of the penguin exhibit at the zoo, River and Indie lying on a picnic blanket reading a book together. I had even managed a photo of Sherlock and Mycroft standing somewhat near each other and looking mildly happy.
He carried her into the kitchen and placed her in her highchair. He cut up a banana and put it on the tray, along with blueberries.
"She was the only one who believed in me and the only person I truly loved, before you came along of course. I was her Sherlock and she was my Mummy." He said to me as I approached.
I smiled, listening to the racket the girls were making racing each other up the stairs.
"Papa!" River shouted from her bedroom.
"Yeah, it was a bit chilly in here," I said. I silently mouthed 'thank you' to him. He nodded his head and turned back into the kitchen.
He simply glared at me in response.
I straightened up a bit and looked down at his face, the once cold and staring eyes now filled with tears as if something had finally broken inside him.
Both girls were shorter than average, but still somehow appeared like willows swaying in the wind. Long, dark eyelashes framed both of their large eyes. Their cheekbones were high, but much softer than their Daddy's, and their skin was like porcelain. They were our perfect little girls, our breaths of life.
"I was quiet, now, will you help me?"
She handed me the thermometer and I stuck the probe under Indie's tongue.
"Well, let's do this River Grace, let's write about your favorite memories, with Indie, with me and Daddy, with everyone. I know your teacher would love to hear about those too." I said, taking her hand in mine.
"Damn it, Sherlock, put it down! PUT IT DOWN!" He shouted, his fingers digging painfully into my arm.
She nodded and ran over to Indie, giving her the card she had made. Indie smiled at her sister and thanked her quietly. River ran back over to me and I put her coat and pulled her hat over her head, careful not to mess the two braids I had put in her hair.
"Do you think one of their babies is dying too?"
She only sobbed louder.
Sherlock came up soon after, his face contorted in an all too familiar worry.
"Mrs. Hudson's coming." Indigo said, her voice muffled.
"It's lovely, but you're still here with us, Indie, still right here." I said, nearly choking on my words.
"We did adding and subtracting today and it was very boring, but then we got to play with slime and I started to read a new book today! I brought it home, can we read it together?"
I woke to the smell of breakfast being made and the sounds of our girls bouncing around the flat.
"Daddy, it's a surprise party!" River said, her arms still outstretched from her shout of surprise.
"Come, John, let's lie down, let's talk about the girls' party this weekend, we still have to decide on party favors for the guests and the last few presents for the girls. After all, our girls only turn six and a half once."
They set off down a blossoming Baker Street, the two men and their Charlotte Indigo laughing and smiling the whole way to the park.
"We won't, Papa!" Indie said, pulling on her trainers and jacket.
"Please."
No response. I knelt down in front of him and brushed his tears away with my thumb. He looked at me with the saddest face I had ever seen.
"Papa! Papa! It tickles!" she managed to get out through her giggles.
"Indie's here, Papa!" River interrupted.
"Sherlock..." I said and turned towards his seat, but the door was already slamming shut behind us.
"I heard, my darling, now, did you know that she shapes the clouds for you too?" He said, gracefully gliding over to the window. I stood up and walked next to him, looking at the evening sky.
She nodded her head and climbed into my lap.
"I love you too, little miss, I'll be 'round again tomorrow after work." he said, his voice cracking. Tears sprung to my eyes and my heart wrenched as she shook her head and gave him a kiss on the cheek. He gave her one last kiss and turned from her, tears freely flowing down his cheeks.
Through the crack in the door, I saw him sit on the couch and pull her into his lap. Her head lay on his chest listlessly and her eyes drooped closed, a smile ghosting over her pale face as Sherlock talked with her.
This morning was no different, my good morning met only with a frighteningly cool glare. He sat at the desk, looking through Indie's coloring books for the twentieth time this week. His hair was untamed and he had left his growing stubble. A crust of crimson lay on his bottom lip and his eyes were sunken, a deep purple halo forming around them.
"Is."
River, meanwhile, was bouncing next to Mrs. Hudson and Molly, the locket swinging in her hand with each bounce.
She nodded against my chest, her sobs now only sniffles.
John immediately picked River up and wrapped her in his arms, the jar of sunflowers still in his hand.
"Well she's looking much perkier today, John! It's so wonderful to see those bright eyes and that lovely smile again."
"Can we sleep in your bed tonight, Papa?" Indie asked me, her hazel eyes shining at me with anticipation.
I crossed the room and put my arms around her, as she had done for me. She clutched the baby doll Indie loved most to her and sobbed. We sat like that for a moment, before she weakly said, "I'll make us all a cuppa," and walked into the kitchen, setting the doll gently back onto the table.
Sherlock's birthday was fast approaching and although he insisted we completely ignore the whole affair, I always made sure to have a gift wrapped and a chocolate cake with chocolate icing sitting on the kitchen table by the end of the day. He would give me a smile and a kiss, giving the same to the girls after they came into our lives. The throwing of birthday parties and the like was strictly forbidden, 'a ridiculous waste of time,' as Sherlock bluntly put it when I had brought the subject up soon after we had started dating.
Today, we lay her to rest, we say our goodbyes for now. I challenge each of you to live as she did, with the kindness and compassion she had, to make this world the place she and River would have made it together.
After sulking for a few moments and with a few tender kisses, we both got up got up and went to the girls' bedroom to get them ready.
"They're beautiful, love, just perfect," John said, his eyes becoming distant.
"It's a simple question, really," he said, "I was also thinking we could place them in what the saleslady called a 'tutu.' I rather like them, don't you?"
Soon, the table was cleared and everyone was back in the front room, sipping on tea that John had made.
Straighten your tie, it's a bit crooked.-SH
I walked over to her and sat down beside her, placing my hand on her forehead.
"Goddamnit, Sherlock, talk to me! Say something! I want to help you, but you just shut me out. What about me? You've just left me on my own during the worst days of my life, is this what you meant when you promised to love me and comfort me when you put this bloody ring on my finger? And what about River? Do you think she can handle seeing you like this after everything she's been through?"
"For they are growing, much faster than either of us would like, John, and they will do remarkable things, far greater than we can imagine."
"Indigo Rose, shh, your sister is still sleeping," Sherlock said, glancing at the sleeping child curled on her side in the crib next to him.
"I have your periodic table and Papa's dollhouse, now I just need something from Indie!" River exclaimed, digging through a bag she had brought in.
"She's going to visit every day, John."
"Sherlock?" John asked worriedly and reached his hand towards Sherlock.
"I don't…River, what are you talking about?"
"I love you too, Indie, my beautiful Sunshine, I love you so much." I said, my voice breaking.
"Daddy, Daddy! Look at the duckies!" Indigo shouted, her pudgy fingers patting a duck on the head. Her hair shone like gold in the sun, her eyes were round and bright, framed by her beautiful, long lashes. She laughed, a laugh that was so like John's, as the duck nuzzled into her pockets.
Mrs. Hudson and I sat with River on the floor later that day, playing one of those memory card games with her. Sherlock was back upstairs, his violin drawing out that haunting melody. A few more minutes went by before the song ended with a screech and Sherlock was suddenly in the doorway, a lost expression on his face.
"Sea snails don't have higher cognition, John. They can't feel sadness or despair. Likely the stress of the new environment would lead to an inability to feed and thus, death."
I closed the book and put it back in the drawer.
If only I had known.
Greg and Molly stood up and River dashed over to them, giving them hugs and kisses goodbye.
"Will you visit me, Indie?"
"I'll get it, my darling, just wait here with Grandpapa," Sherlock said, bounding back up the stairs.
"Bit of important business to attend to, darling, so sorry to have missed tea. I think I have something for you and River to make up for it though." He said, motioning for them to come with him.
I would nod my head, rubbing my thumb across the palm of his hand.
She slid out of her chair and crossed her arms, stomping her feet ever so slightly as she made her way to the sink, making John's lips quirk up into a genuine smile.
"Daddy, what's wrong?" Indigo said from my lap, her eyes worried.
She nodded her head and snuggled closer to me.
'Why is the sky blue, Papa?' 'Why do I have ten fingers?' 'Why do you put the cereal in before the milk?' A litany of questions poured out of her every day, with no question repeated. And we always had a satisfactory reason.
She pulled out a jar that contained a bouquet of small sunflowers, placing them on her nightstand.
"I'm going to be Indie's Prime Minister, that way I can fight for her." River said.
The belt came down again and again, Sherlock crying out for his mother, his brother, someone, anyone that could help him. His cries grew weaker with every lash, until finally, he was silent.
And I'm glad he did. I didn't want to imagine River's hand empty any more.
"It's a very special bear, it was your Auntie's." John said, brushing back her hair.
"There, it's stable now."
He whipped around, a scowl on his face.
He laid her on the table, changing her out of her pink footie pajamas and tossing them into the hamper. He changed her and took her temperature, which was normal. He put her into new pajamas dotted with small stars and sat down with her, rocking back and forth.
"Happy Christmas to everyone again, I hope you all are enjoying the lovely presents you got this morning. I just have a few more presents to give."
Two and a half minutes after it all began, it just as suddenly stopped. Indie began to cry, more blood and saliva pouring out of her mouth, mixing with the tears now streaming down her face, creating a spot of maroon on my khaki trousers. Her tired limbs hung limply and her breathing was shallow.
"Well you just rest now, I'll get you your coloring books and some apple juice and we'll have a nice evening on the couch," I said as I leaned down and rubbed my nose on hers. I wrapped her in my arms and she giggled, the beautiful sound echoing around the room, the walls singing with her laughter. Sherlock burst through the door and opened his arms for Indie. I set her down and she limped over to him, Sherlock's brow furrowed and he said,
"Come here, River." Sherlock held his arms open for the little girl as she climbed up onto his lap.
"I love you too, Sherlock."
Blood poured from Indigo's nose, her little hand trying desperately to stop it. Her face was whiter than the snow she sat on and tears streamed down her face. Sherlock quickly knelt down and held his handkerchief to her nose. River was crying next to her, Greg picked her up and brushed the snow off her.
I felt my body being jerked forward by some unseen force and I found myself in front of my little girl lying in a white coffin. Her blonde curls laid perfectly around her head, her eyes closed, the corners of her mouth were so very slightly upturned in a peaceful smile. Her body was surrounded by daisies, roses, lilies, flowers of every kind. She was dressed in a hospital gown and her hands lay across her stomach.
I hope you enjoy the compositions I have created for you. As I stand near to the willow tree next to where you sleep and play for you, I imagine those nights where I watched you and your sister twirl and dance to my songs and all the times I lulled you to sleep with music. It is somewhat of a comfort to me, knowing that you can still hear me play.
She bounced up and down, pulling on my arm with each jump.
Sherlock's phone buzzed, he popped up from his chair and motioned for me to come with him. It must've been the text from Mycroft that we were waiting for.
"It does fit quite well, John, well done." He said, with a smirk on his face.
"No, let River say good afternoon to her before we put her to bed," I said tersely.
Sometimes words were just too hard to find.
The last thing I heard before my head went under was the screams of my daughter.
Sherlock picked up his phone when it began to vibrate in his hand. A call? No one ever called him. He glanced at the screen and saw it was from John. His heart began racing, he jumped up and began fiercely pacing back and forth, slamming his thumb on the little green circle.
He was safe now.
I looked up and saw Sherlock, his curls blown back by the wind and his jacket hanging over his arm.
My daughter had come home.
Sherlock's mouth upturned in a half smile, half grimace as he felt the familiar pang of pain in his chest. Fear filled him as he watched John talk. He didn't want to leave John so soon.
"A month, possibly less."
Greg placed his hand on my shoulder and whispered back, "Anytime, I'll spend the day with these angels anytime."
"River! Wait!" I shouted, my arms desperately reaching for her. I ran after her, nearly tripping on the sheets that had fallen to the floor.
He turned and rummaged in his nightstand drawer and had four tickets in his hand. "We're going to the observatory on Saturday night, John, that way our Princess and Prime Minister can really see their new kingdom."
I rubbed my eyes with my hands, this was not what I wanted to be doing on this Christmas Eve, not at all.
"It's wonderful, lovebug!" I said, handing her back her artwork. She jumped and held the paper to her chest, dashing to the refrigerator to hang it up.
I placed my hand on her hair and gently brushed my hand down the waterfall of golden curls. I spoke to her softly, comforting her as best I could. Indie weakly reached up to touch my face before her hand again fell into my lap. I grasped her hand in mine and whispered to her how much I loved her, how much Daddy loved her, how we would make her all better again.
"They're growing up terribly fast, John, I remember when I had to teach you two how to change their nappies!" she laughed.
It was a lovely picture. Sherlock stood with his arms around River and Indie, his hair matted to his forehead, his jacket weighed down with water, and his face looking towards the camera with a half-smile on his face as he realized what I was doing. The girls were on either side of him, their yellow jackets and frog boots standing out among the grays and blacks of Baker Street. Both of them were looking up at Sherlock with such admiration and love.
"She is wonderful, John."
"We're coming in now, Sherlock!" John shouted through the door to our flat.
3:49PM saw the world's only consulting detective fall to his knees, mouth agape, his arms falling to his side, with screams of a little girl and desperate shouts of a former soldier emanating from the phone he gripped in his right hand.
We had a face painter, balloon artist, and other arts and crafts for the kids to do during the party. Music would be playing throughout the party and the dance floor was open for anyone to dance. We had games planned for the children throughout the night. Everything was set and it was almost time for the party to start. Mycroft stood with the chef, discussing the food for the evening. I pointed at the door, letting him know I was going to get Sherlock and the girls.
Molly and I began to laugh, when suddenly we heard Sherlock laugh out loud with everything that he had, tears pooling in the corners of his eyes. Molly and I stopped laughing and stared at him in shock. We hadn't heard him laugh like this in months.
This thought was confirmed when I saw the three of them splashing in the large puddles building up on Baker Street. They were all already thoroughly soaked to the bone.
I gathered some of the decorations and joined them in the room, sitting on the bare mattress and watching my joyful daughter dash about the room, telling us where she wanted everything to go.
He just held me as I continued to cry and scream, banging my fists against him.
The yelling had begun around half past seven, the tall, thin man with jet black hair screaming at his wife. He didn't notice the small figure cowering in the shadows, his tiny fingers wrapped around Momo, his stuffed elephant. Sherlock was frightened, Daddy never yelled like this, especially not at Mummy. But, Daddy had been acting funny for a little while now, yelling about money and what Mummy buys at the store.
"They need social interaction; they need to learn what the other children are learning. They are going to school, Sherlock." I said.
"WELL WHERE IS SHE, WOMAN?!" I screamed.
He whispered, "How do you tell a 6-year-old they're dying?"
It was obvious he hadn't slept. His eyes were bloodshot and his hair stuck up all around. His bottom lip was bleeding from being chewed to bits.
John took it into his hands and stared at it for a moment, before getting up and placing it next to the jar of sunflowers we kept on the mantle.
I nodded and we sat there for a time, quietly thinking about the upcoming months.
"I just wanted you to come back to us, Sherlock, I thought we were going to lose you too." I let him go, my feelings overwhelming me, and began to pace around the room. "None of this makes sense, our little girl, our wonderful, lovely little girl, is gone. She was supposed to be learning to play violin and she was supposed to go to the beach this summer and make that sandcastle I promised we could make! She was supposed to grow up into a beautiful young woman and slam her doors and tell us she hated us when we wouldn't let her go out, she was supposed to graduate and become a veterinarian, maybe marry some bloke that we couldn't stand and become a mother! She's supposed to be running and dancing and playing because she's just our little girl. But she won't be doing any of those things because I couldn't save her, Sherlock. Christ, what kind of father am I?"
"Why do you think that, my beautiful Sunshine?"
The cab pulled up to a nondescript house, a brown wooden fence surrounding the property. The gray stone house was small, with the front porch filled with police officers. Lestrade came up to the gate to greet them.
I tugged her hair into a ponytail, it was far too messy to even try to brush, and slipped a hat over her head and wrapped a scarf around her neck. She held her hands up to be held and I picked her up, carrying her down the stairs and outside.
"River Grace!"
It only contained two pictures, the two ultrasound pictures. Written at the top, in Sherlock's neatest script, was simply, 'Our Greatest Adventure.' I smiled and took a pen from my pocket.
Bloody hell, it was a spaceship.
The room filled with laughter, Sherlock looking a bit embarrassed behind his cup of tea.
"I did fall quite a lot, John, it hurts."
"Oh, I fell in gym class Papa, the nurse put ice on it and gave me icky medicine! It feels better than it did, the nurse said it was probably just a sprain," she replied.
She took her first cautious step, then another, and another, until she fell into my arms, laughter ringing out.
I startled awake and glanced at the clock sitting next to me. The unmistakable '4:43' flashed back at me as I threw the covers over my head, willing Sherlock to just be quiet.
He rummaged through the suitcase he had brought, clothes, costumes, tutus, stuffed animals, books, and crayons being tossed onto the floor.
The stinging came again and I felt like something was being wrapped around my hands.
Sherlock stood at the front, his face ashen gray and his eyes were blank, but filled with tears. He held River in his arms, she was pulling at her hair and repeatedly banging her head into Sherlock's shoulder.
I walked through the gate of the school and was met by the girls' teacher, Mrs. Keaton.
She let go of my hand and with a little encouragement, she walked into the classroom and sat with her sister, who was already chatting away with another little girl. Indie nervously waved goodbye and I waved back.
At seven months old, she handed me her favorite rattle after I had come home particularly frustrated from a case, at two years old her first sentence was 'I love you,' for the two years she danced she practiced and practiced her tap dance for class until she was absolute perfection, and for her entire life, she always put others before herself.
We had decided to get our new family portraits done this year around the twins' 6th birthday on May 28th. Sherlock and I had gotten the girls ready the morning of the pictures and I had to convince him to put the girls in the outfits that Mrs. Hudson and I had picked out.
"Goodnight, love."
What would I lose next? Her voice? Her laugh? The way her little hand felt in mine?
"Enjoy the little things in life, for someday you will look back and realize they were the big things."
How could I do this?
I would have to ask John about it later.
Two girls in matching aqua blue bathing suits knelt in the wet sand along the shore and were digging with small yellow shovels, carefully turning the sand in their hands and examining it closely.
"It happened with increasing frequency, every one of my limbs had been broken by the age of eleven. My nose broken countless times, even a skull fracture at one point. All hidden and explained away. We went to different hospitals, bribes were given, all of them sent me back to that hell. My father was found face down in our pond when I was thirteen. It was assumed that he had drowned while in one of his drunken states, I was just glad to be finally rid of his torment. My mother was obviously under the same regime, she died in my arms not long after from all the trauma that she had suffered for years. Mycroft never knew the extent of the abuse, he had other business to attend to. Far more important than his mother and younger brother," Sherlock spat out the last sentence with all the disgust he had.
"And I'm your little Sunshine, right Papa?" Indie said from across the table where she sat with Sherlock.
"What's that, darling?"
I took the monitor in my hand and answered back,
As they continued to chat, a new mood enveloped the flat, a feeling of hope and joy for this so welcome arrival. Sherlock and John spent the next 6 months redecorating River's old room as a nursery, leaving the walls purple for their new granddaughter. Sherlock played Mozart and Bach, along with his own works for River's growing belly and both men stood in awe as they felt the baby kick.
"What should I do now, John? Her temperature seems to be regulated."
"Okay, Papa!" She said before running into her room to get changed.
She didn't respond right away, only fiddling with the doll in her hands.
A tired, teary voice said, "I am so sorry, Sherlock, I should have said something. I could have said something, but I froze when I heard you telling them. I realized then…I couldn't tell them how sick she was, that's why I didn't say anything! If I didn't say it, it wasn't true, if they didn't know, nothing would happen. I am so sorry and I am grateful you were there with me Sherlock and that you will be with me for every step of the way from now until the end."
"Nana Hudson!" She said, enveloping the frail woman in a hug.
She nodded and took Sherlock's outstretched hand.
"What color?" I asked her, shifting her off my lap and onto the sofa.
We knew she was too good for this world.
"I'd like that, Papa. Me and Indie laughed all the time. She was so funny. My favorite things to do with her were play and laugh. I thought we could do that forever."
River danced around us and shouted, "I love it, Daddy! Thank you, Daddy!" Indie grabbed onto Sherlock's leg.
John went to the bed covered in pink roses and sat down, taking the teddy bear that sat on the pillows. He held it in his hands and rubbed the soft fur, remembering the rainy day he had picked out this bear for Indie. It was a random gift, no special occasion, but she loved this bear more than the others, always carrying it with her and sleeping with one arm protectively over the stuffed animal.
She hugged me 'round my neck and we set back up the trail to head home.
She gave me a soft smile, "But how are you doing?"
Sherlock's eyes were filled with tears and his breathing was strangled as he grasped onto her small hand.
Sherlock was the first to scoop Indie up in his arms. She opened her arms to us, and we went to her. Nothing could be heard except the quiet sobs and the silent screams of a family's heart breaking.
They spent the evening playing Cluedo in front of the fire, mugs of tea sitting beside them all, John becoming terribly frustrated with both of their insistences that the victim had planned his own murder.
"Goodnight, my darling, sleep well," Sherlock said, "tomorrow we can go over the case with the missing grocer."
I laughed and splashed a bit of water onto her. She giggled even louder and reached for me. I leaned closer to her and she placed a large mound of bubbles on the top of my head as she gave me a kiss.
Why didn't you save me, Papa?
"Indie?" River shouted, "Indie!" she shouted, louder this time.
Sherlock gave the slightest smile and reached for John's hand, grasping the well-worn fingers in his. He loved holding John's hands. They were always so sure, always there for Sherlock.
"You are not your father, Sherlock, and you never will be such scum. Never."
"Goodnight, John, I love you," Sherlock said.
He sat in a leather chair, leaning forward with his elbows resting on his knees, his hands rubbing up and down his face…wait…was he crying?
Along with the therapy appointments, Indie was going to more and more doctor's visits, getting her medications adjusted to make her as comfortable as we could as she became weaker and weaker. She was missing school much more often and sleeping longer.
"There's Pegasus, girls, he…"
I had found Sherlock and Indie in the bathroom, Indie coughing up blood and Sherlock in an absolute panic, his eyes wild with fear. I grabbed Indie from him and ran with her into the front room, Sherlock running behind me.
Her steady breathing told me she hadn't woken up and more importantly, that she was okay.
"It's nice to have you clean this flat for a change, you know," John said, his smile growing bigger.
Tears poured down my cheeks and nausea overcame me, I felt so weak, so very weak and my knees buckled beneath me.
"I don't want to leave my daughter." Sherlock said
"Bloody hell, Sherlock, not now. Please," I said, the last word barely a whisper.
"So, sir, have you been down at the Yard recently?" Michael ventured.
I glanced at the clock, half past 7.
"I do too, lovebug. We all love her so much, don't we? And she loves us so much. We're going to have such lovely times with her and all we have to do is remember our happy times when we get sad and although we'll still be sad, we'll be happy for at least a little bit. But you and Indie can always talk to Daddy or I or your Nana or your Aunt or your Uncles whenever you feel sad or mad, okay? Don't keep that inside you, love."
Sherlock had stopped speaking to nearly everyone, including myself, merely giving them shrugs or dismissive waves. He spoke only to River now, her presence in his arms and her chatter bringing a glimmer of light to his dim eyes.
"Just jump with Daddy, Papa's fine over here!"
I felt his chest quake beneath my hands, his head beginning to shake under mine.
"John?" a voice shook me out of my memories.
"Be careful girls, don't want to be falling like Daddy did today." I said.
"Bring River down when she's ready, John."
"Happy birthday, my love."
"She won't take it John, just misplace it."
After he quietly shut the door behind him, I sighed and laid my head down on my pillow. I was on the edge of sleep when I heard papers being violently shuffled in the front room. I tossed the covers off of me and shoved my feet into my slippers, grumbling all the while about a certain insomniac genius.
"Oh, well what do you want for breakfast then, Indie?" River said, bouncing slightly on the bed.
"Oh, fantastic, let me know if you need any help, I could brush up on my biochemistry."
"Goodnight, Indigo Rose," Mycroft whispered as she passed by, a gentle softness in his voice.
They were a bright hazel, just the same shade as Indigo had. "The most beautiful eyes in the world," Sherlock would say about his granddaughter, scooping her up into his arms and snuggling her next to him as he went through a case or his newest experiment. John took her on his outings, making sure she was well-bundled against the cold winds of London.
"Please, John."
"Of course, princess," I said, giving her a kiss on the cheek.
Sherlock's eyes widened into puppy dog eyes. "But it makes it feel better, John," he said, almost pleadingly.
Her hand disappeared from my own and she faded away, the faceless crowd swallowing the place where she once stood.
"Papa, I'm sorry!" River cried, "Indie was here, the butterfly led me to Indie!"
His eyes darted from mine to the drawer, to the placemat, back to the drawer. His breathing was rapid and tears shone in his eyes.
"Indie, love, what's wrong? Why aren't you asleep?" I set the dog back onto the floor and he barked back in protest.
John finally broke the silence.
"Sherlock, can I come in?"
The girls stood in front of us and I placed my hand on River's shoulder, Sherlock put his on Indie's shoulder.
"Thank you, Daddy, I love you," she said, her eyelids heavy.
"Sherlock!" I yelled, "Sherlock! Open the door!"
"Yes, he does, Indigo Rose, yes he does." I said, as I put the spoon to my lips. Her face lit up into a smile and she nodded her head, settling back down to her own dinner.
His words drove another fist into my already bleeding heart. All I could do was stand dumbfounded.
I smiled to myself and shut the door quietly behind me.
After the initial shock wore off, Sherlock seemed quite pleased with the party, sitting among the conversation with the girls on his lap, a sort of giddy smile on his face. We ate pizza and cut the cake, Sherlock's cheeks blazing red by the time we finished singing to him.
"Of course, lovebug, how about we sit down and read it after dinner? I was going to make a roast tonight, go get changed and then you can help me, alright?" John said.
"Let's get you up to your bed, Indie, then you can take a nice nap. Don't want to be tired for dress shopping later."
He ignored me and continued pulling the nightgown over her head. I dashed over to the bed and placed my hands on Sherlock's. The flurry of activity stopped.
I sat at Indigo's bedside, John sitting next to me, trying to get her to take just a sip of water. Her cracked lips remained closed as she weakly shook her head, jostling the O2 tubing in her nose. I fumbled in my pocket for the tube of chapstick I kept there and I swept the tube across her lips, cursing the blue tinge they held. Fluid was building up in Indigo's lungs as her heart struggled to pump blood to her little body, drowning her.
"Why is he coming?" Sherlock complained.
"Oh you're welcome, dears, remember to come down tomorrow at noon for lunch!"
John visibly shuddered, "Sherlock, enough, you are not dying, you're going to get better and we're going to continue as we were!"
Charlotte turned to him, her hazel eyes shining.
I stood up and touched my lip. It was a bit swollen and stung, but it had already stopped bleeding. Ascending the stairs quietly, I stepped into the girls' room and went over to Indie, who was still sleeping, tucked beneath her rose covered blankets.
"I found these scarves online and they're just like mine, but purple instead of blue. Do you like them, my loves?"
I stopped in my tracks, Indigo patiently holding my hand as I listened for another cry.
"Fine, but this better be quick, there is nothing I want to do more on an afternoon off than hold peas to your skinny arse."
"I'm okay, Uncle Mycroft," Indie squeaked out, her eyes already drifting shut.
I had never heard more beautiful words.
I stopped dead in my tracks and stared at her.
"It's just one, love, there's about 5 more here for you."
I held Indie in my arms, about 2 months old and her head full of light brown hair. We sat in a rocking chair we had placed in the front room. I held a pacifier in her mouth, feeling her gums chew on my finger. It was so very late at night and I was exhausted, but she was wide awake. Her dark eyes watched me intently as I sang to her, trying to get her to fall back asleep.
"I want to go to heaven too, if Indie's going."
He came up a few moments later and settled himself on Indie's bed across from me. River had laid back down with her sister and both were settling into sleep, a routine we had adopted since we moved Indie into the hospital bed.
"Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. Happy Christmas Eve to you." John said, kissing her cheek. He left the flat, a chorus of "bye, Papa!" following him out the door.
It had only been a few weeks since she left us. What was wrong with me, why couldn't I remember the damn song?
It started with a few twinges of pain here and there, right in the center of his chest. He would sit down for a bit, rubbing the spot with his hand, always saying,
"Dinner should be ready in another 20 minutes, I'll get your Nana Hudson. She'll be so happy to see you both." John said, getting up and going downstairs.
She is a shining example of humanity and makes me a better man, a better human being. She pushes me to be compassionate, to love as she does, to find the beauty in the darkest of times.
"We should get Daddy's present now. We need to get back to Indie."
Greg nodded his goodbye to us, and with that they left, hanging onto each other for dear life. The front door closed and I heard Molly cry into the night, her scream echoing down Baker Street.
"Why did you buy so much, Sherlock?"
Quick footsteps ran down the stairs from the girls' room. Sherlock had been spending most of his nights there, playing Indie's song over and over again, intermittently playing the song he had composed for the girls' birthday party. Once in a while, I heard a new song, its haunting melody one of overwhelming sadness that tore at me as I sat in my chair, brandy in hand, trying to chase the sight of her lifeless face away.
The signature at the end was hardly necessary at this point, but it was a comforting habit for both of them. So much had changed since they first met, but the way they texted didn't. It was such a small part of their lives, but John had learned that the smallest things mattered to Sherlock. They gave him comfort.
"Thank you, Dada," she said with a hiccup.
"Uncle Greg's right, lovebug, it's just a nosebleed." I said, turning back to Indie.
Suddenly he ripped his hand out of mine and briskly walked over to her, setting the suitcase he was holding down on the floor. His shaking hand reached out and began to gently rub her hair.
"Yes darling, the doctors have already said yes, you two can even share the same bed tonight!"
When the food was gone, she wiped her hands on her black leggings and got back to her feet.
"Sherlock, please come back to bed and get some sleep?"
She jumped off the bench and tugged me along as we weaved through the people on the street. She spotted the candy shop and squealed, pressing her nose to the window, gazing at the sweets inside. I watched the weight of the world lift off her small shoulders, if only for just a little while.
Sherlock sat there in silence, a blank look on his face.
"What did the doctor say, Dada?" She asked, her voice tinged with worry.
"Do you think they should come home in these, John?" he casually said, holding up two light pink onesies with "Daddy's Little Princess" on the front of them in gold lettering.
River settled into John's arms, smile wide and eyes bright. John had a look of serenity on his face as he watched me, the faintest smile on his face.
John would furrow his brow at him, frowning as he watched his husband purse his lips together to breathe through the pain.
"I will speak to Papa about it tomorrow, princess, but we will make a brand new room, just for you, I promise."
"Papa, I'll be on yours! Uncle Greg, come with us!" Indie said, tugging at Greg's hand.
They both stood silent for a moment, interjected with the soft sound of Sherlock sniffling. He made no attempt to wipe his face or staunch the flow of tears that kept pouring down. His lips were trembling as he tried desperately to keep from crying out.
"Good morning, Papa, can we go to the park today? I want to look at my ducks."
John woke up when the sun began to filter through the room, specks of dust glittering in the light. He slowly stretched out his stiff neck and limbs, pops and cracks coming from the joints. He glanced at the floor and saw the long forgotten mug, still shattered on the floor. He cleaned the mess up, scrubbing the sticky hardwood until there wasn't a trace left. The door to the bedroom still hadn't opened, but the soft, sorrowful notes of a violin were emanating from the room. All John could do was wait.
"'hank you, 'ana Hudson!" The girls said, their mouths stuffed with biscuit.
It made his heart sink even further and the nausea build up inside of him. Sherlock was never terrified, even when facing down the barrel of a gun or the ticking of a bomb. John was not only terribly saddened, but enraged at whoever made his Sherlock, his superhero, cower in front of him like a frightened child.
"Three rings, John, you're slipping," Sherlock said.
I miss everything about you, my sweet Indie.
River and Indie had woken up around 8 AM, as they usually did. The nurses came to unhook everything from Indie and we got both girls into the shower.
River began to toss and turn and I went to her side and laid down next to her, waiting for her to fully wake up.
It was Mycroft's idea (of all people) to celebrate the girls' six and a half birthday at the end of this month, while Indie was still…well.
"Hello dears! How 'bout a biscuit before we set out, hm?" She said, handing the girls two chocolate biscuits.
Sherlock could feel the blood rushing from his head, the roaring sound drowning out the noise from the city below. He swallowed back bile as he forced himself to come closer.
"About 11 weeks"
"Michael, my dear, so lovely to see you!" Mrs. Hudson said, walking over to him with her cane and sitting on the sofa next to him.
He loved us with all of his might, and I knew that he would fear for us with all of his might. I had to tread carefully and prepare my love to see our sick daughter to try and stem the flood of emotion I knew was building up.
We all went upstairs and got the girls ready for the day, adding black tights to Indie's outfit and putting River in a matching black dress and maroon tights. We ate breakfast with Mrs. Hudson, who lit a small candle she had stuck into a blueberry muffin, and started singing 'Happy Birthday.' Sherlock tolerated it well I thought, only rolling his eyes once during the whole bit.
The ballroom was incredible. All of the decorations were gold and white, even the walls were white with a gold pattern on them, specially installed by Mycroft's people for this party. We chose these colors to let the people inside be the color, the life of this birthday party. Fairy lights were strung to the center of the ceiling and hung down, along with gold and white fabric. The seats were gold with white fabric seats and the tables were covered in gold or white tablecloths with small centerpieces of light pink roses, to match the roses in the girls' hair. A candy bar with any type of candy you could imagine sat in the corner of the room, along with popcorn, candy floss, and other treats. Sherlock and I decided to have a cupcake cake to make it easier for the children to eat the cake. The cupcakes were topped with black, dark blue and purple icing, swirled to look like galaxies. Each was topped with a constellation or an outline of the Moon or Sun. A large, glittery gold 6 and ½ sat at the top of the cupcake tower.
"Well, little Jack, where are we going to have you sleep tonight?"
"Probably not."
He scurried under his bed, hoping that his Daddy couldn't find him. He could hear him barging up the stairs and down the long corridor that led to the nursery. He was shouting loud, not very nice words. He was tucking himself into a corner on the dusty floor when he was grabbed by his leg and dragged out from underneath the bed, the plush navy carpet scraping against his chin. His small fingers reached desperately for anything that he could grab onto to get away from this monster. This wasn't his Daddy.
"How can you be sure, Sherlock, do you have x-ray vision now? Don't tell me you ran some crazy genetic testing behind my back."
I steadied myself and began to read,
"Uncle Greg! I'm here!"
A quiet sniffle came from River as I got up to leave. I quickly sat back down and she scrambled into my arms in full-blown tears.
The game was on.
John brushed his thumb across the cheekbones that were growing sharper every day.
"Yes you may, I brought your trainers with me, but I forgot a change of clothes, so please try not to get those pretty dresses dirty." I said.
A spark of anger lit up within me. He's right, how hadn't he known this? He knows everything! He must've suspected something when her ankle was hurt, why didn't he say something, he usually never shuts up about his idiotic observations! She's been sick for weeks and he should've known! He should have known. Maybe we could have helped her if we had known earlier.
John sat in the cab with his head pressed against the cold, hard glass. It had begun to rain, the drops running quickly down the window. He had such a headache, the bloodied mop of curls on the small head burned into his mind for a lifetime. He looked down at his phone, the string of unanswered messages pulled up on the screen. He hesitated over the keyboard, his thumb swinging in circles, before finally typing.
John said nothing, what could he say really? He simply wrapped his arms around Sherlock and pulled him close. He kissed his nose, the spot on his skull that was slightly dented in, underneath the once bruised eyes, on the jutting collarbone that had been broken so many times.
"I love you, Indie," I whispered to the night sky. Sherlock squeezed my hand as we turned back to finish her homework. We both put her to bed soon after dinner, our girl still chatting away about everything she had learned that night.
"She gets more and more like you every day, Sherlock, just today she told the cashier that she hoped her new puppy would stop chewing all her furniture. The poor woman was terribly confused," Molly said.
"Why are you amused?" Sherlock said, a pout on his face.
"We'll figure it out, John, we always do," he said, brushing my cheek with one of his long fingers.
And that time continued to pass, Charlotte's 13th birthday coming and going, Christmas and New Year's, until John and Sherlock found themselves in the midst of the grey and cold London winter.
The three of them were nearly out the door when Indie broke away, came over to me, held out her little hand to me, and said, "I'll wait for you, Papa."
I turned and stared at him, momentarily stunned, he never cleaned (unless forced to by yours truly).
I spun around and around, my feet kicking up the sand, sweat dripping down my face.
She turned her head towards me, her eyes filled with tears.
Lights and 'Happy Birthday!' banners were strung across the walls, food was set out, and our gifts for Sherlock were wrapped. I put Jack in his red bow tie collar from Christmas as River and Indie handed out party hats and noisemakers of various colors to each guest as they came in.
