S. Rogers.
“Do you know any sign?” Natasha questions as soon as Tony greets them, forgoing pleasantries. She’s gathering Peter’s small frame into her arms, while Tony grabs the few bags in the trunk of her car.
Thank you again, Mr. Stark. I think you are making the right choice.
“Brush your teeth, stay away from the tub. I’ll be right back.” Tony moves into Peter’s room. He pulls the extra pillows and stuffed animals off the bed, and moves the covers back before returning to the bathroom just as Peter is finishing up brushing his teeth.
Steve stiffens for a moment, his body grows tense and his breathing ragged before he speaks, voice tight.
“JARVIS,” Tony sighs, stepping into the shower. “Am I doing okay? Was that a strong start?”
The manager is more than glad to work with Tony. Promising to give anybody else who comes through free admittance and to not alert the press about Tony’s generosity.
“Oh,” Ned appears introspective for a moment. “I guess you’re right!”
Tony is suddenly under more pressure to make sure this party was perfect.
Peter signs. Tony rolls his eyes, sighing.
Tony’s thoughts break right as Steve is trying to get off the phone with him. Voice still breaking, he still sounds like a child lost in a storm. Whatever they are Tony knows Steve means a lot to him. Steve means almost as much to him as Peter does. He goes to bed at night wishing Steve were curled into the bed with him. He makes breakfast for Peter wishing that he could be making breakfast for Steve as well. So, Tony does what anybody would do for a loved one in distress.
“Yes!” Tony kicks himself for how excited he sounds, he almost yells in the man’s face. “Peter said Halloween is his favorite holiday. He was still adjusting and didn’t let me do anything for his birthday in August seems like this is a good way to make up for that.”
Moving slowly so he doesn’t startle the man, Tony speaks again, into the silence. “Stevie, babe, it’s me. It’s Tony.”
“Yeah, Steve?” Tony’s reply is breathless, still distracted. Steve imagines him flying around his kitchen and chasing down children.
This, Steve quickly learns, means
To: t.stark@stark.industries
Steve stops talking, takes a shuddering breath and leans into Tony’s touch. The moment is tender, soft and special. Not like the intimacy Tony had avoided while in school. It reminds him of the moments he would allow himself with Rhodey and Pepper. Tony doesn’t speak, he just continues to softly run his fingers through Steve’s hair.
“I’m going to put a blanket around your shoulders, okay?” Tony’s voice is soft, soothing. Steve wants to calm down, follow the voice back to where he feels okay. “I need you to nod or tell me it’s okay, baby,”
“What happens if I don’t? Take him in that is.” Tony’s voice is still a whisper. He’s not proud of how much weakness he has shown this morning. His voice and eyes betray every fear or surprise he has undergone in the last ten minutes.
“Not now.” Steve forces the words out. “Please.”
Tony holds up his hands, slowly he lowers himself to the ground in front of Steve’s large bed.
“I can’t believe I’m about to say this but I’m bad with dates. I can remember numbers okay, though so I can tell you it had been something like four hundred and sixty days since JARVIS was born. Well, I needed to update him. Even though he’s an A.I. he needs checkups and like… vaccinations I guess. So, I write this beautiful code, I start at the bottom again, because Jay deserves nothing but the best. But when I go to upload it I find I’m locked out…”
“Hey, baby, shh.” Tony lowers Steve onto the couch.
Tony grapples for his phone, reaching onto his nightstand, hand moving aimlessly in the dark as he tries desperately to locate the device that’s still singing to him.
“Alright, honeydew,” Tony laughs, leading Steve to the kitchen. “Let’s have some coffee.”
Thank you for making my lunch, and lunch for Mr. Rogers
“I, uh, y-yeah. Welcome. Um, ah, here? How does here at the Tower sound? If you get here at 11:30 we can do lunch together first?”
favorite cup in his kitchen at ten-fifteen in the morning? “Little ears are listening.”
Tony smiles softly, a little broken as he struggles out of the AC/DC sweater, wearing only a soft gray t-shirt underneath. The glow of the arc reactor is intense without the thick sweater covering it.
“Are you okay?” Tony asks, voice laced with clear concern, noticing the emotions crossing Steve’s face, the tension in his shoulders.
“Ready to go, Underoos?” Peter’s nod pushes them out the door and into the elevator.
Tony breaths out a sigh of relief. Thank god for Pep and Jay.
“It’s what Rhodey and Pepper did for me…” Tony trails off, wrapping a golden lock around his finger before running his hand back through the man’s hair. “After Afghanistan. I had trouble sleeping. I had… I had nightmares and I would wake up in cold sweats. It had just started getting better when everything with Obie, uh, I mean, Obadiah happened. Rhodey stayed with me for two months after they found me. Pepper moved in until I felt confident I could handle the attacks. But there were so many nights… oh Steve, there were so many nights while Rhodey was here, while Pepper was here, where I would wake up screaming. I would clutch the arc reactor and gasp for breath. Pep would talk to me, sometimes she would sing. It doesn’t seem like it, but the woman has quite the voice. I’m lucky SI grabbed her and not Broadway. Rhodey would hold me, just, wrap me up and rock me back and forth. But that’s not new, he would sometimes do something like that after a bad meeting with Howard. What I’m saying, Steve, is that sometimes it gets the best of all of us. You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to. But you also don’t have to go through it alone. If I can help at all, let me know how, please.” Tony’s voice is tight, he’s still running his fingers through Steve’s hair. With his spare hand, he doodles swirling designs on the exposed portions of Steve’s back.
A petite woman named Jan teaches the literature classes. She gushes to Tony for nearly twenty minutes about Peter’s reading comprehension and how beautiful his handwriting is before letting them go.
coffee from
, he’s saying. It’s bath time.
Tony Stark so like, money isn’t an issue. You really probably have it covered, don’t you? I’m sorry I just sh—. “ Tony realizes that Steve is rambling because he is nervous so he stops him, cuts him off, because he does want help, he can always use help. After all, it takes a village.
“You have several meetings today, which means I have meetings to reschedule.” Pepper rinses her mug and places it in the dishwasher before kissing Tony’s cheek as she strolls to the elevator.
“A little snack might be nice.”
At the same time Peter, Ned and MJ come barreling around the corner. A mess of pajamas and bedhead. At the sight of Steve, they all stop.
The blanket is soft, secure as it’s thrown over his arms and tucked under his chin.
Peter just stares at Tony for a moment, mouth gaping slightly open as he tries to figure out the man in front of him. Tony lets him, smiling softly between small bites of his food.
“I, uh—I’m sorry, about earlier… when I called this a date. I should have asked your permission for that. Or at least discussed it with you. I know… I know I wouldn’t want to go on a date with me after two days with no contact. So, don’t feel obliged, it doesn’t have too… i—it’s not a date if you do—“
It’s what happens after that sticks with Steve, that makes him wonder how he can have this version of Tony in front of him.
As always, the adults are surprised to hear Pete’s voice. He only speaks rarely, in situations he’s comfortable in. Peter’s spoken more today than Steve thinks he’s heard the boy speak in the time they’ve known each other.
Three hours before the party starts and only an hour and half before Steve and Bruce get here to help decorate.
Tony is just finishing up the note of the day when Peter comes back out, a handmade card in hand.
“Tony,” the brunette is surprised to hear Steve’s voice. He thought the older man had drifted off to sleep as soon as the heated blanket was draped over him.
“This has been a nice first date Tony,” Steve interrupts, smile on his face.
Tony really tries to keep it together the first time he sees Steve. When he receives that first note back, taped inside Peter’s lunchbox, kind words written in elegant script and a small doodle of Tony’s son on the side, there is no why he can account for this. He thinks Steve will look like any other grade school art teacher, especially the type that teaches at the specific sort of school Peter attends. He expects a hipster, maybe a scrawny man in flannels and jeans. He expects Steve to wear a beanie and have thick black rimmed glasses he definitely doesn’t need.  A lumberjack beard he started growing in high school and now refuses to shave.
“He sent a driver?” Steve can’t help the smile of disbelief that crosses his face as he shakes his head. He should have known Tony wouldn’t let him get to the tower any other way.
“Fuck, yes,” Steve groans, the thought of caffeine sending shivers down his spine as he and Tony untangle themselves.
“Thanks, Steve, that-” Tony pauses, watching the ground, feeling like a teenager instead of a 27-year-old man with a six-year-old child and three PhDs. “That means a lot. I was worried.”
“Yeah,” Steve grunts. He takes a moment to steel himself, clearing his throat before continuing. “Yeah, I just—I uh, never told you that I served in the army, did I? Not really a topic I want to discuss with a fella I’m interested in.” Steve chuckles darkly. Aggressively he runs a palm down his face, sighing.
“It was fun,” MJ adds, her voice is quiet and thoughtful. She reminds Tony of Peter, every word carefully considered before being added. “I’m glad we were able to help.”
After that the routine changes. Monday, Wednesday and Friday Tony has to make an extra lunch for Mr. Rogers. On these days Tony always sends Peter’s lunch out with a note. Sometimes a thank you, sometimes a random thought, sometimes a strange fact Tony had recently discovered. Always the note would get returned. Many times, the note that was delivered back to Tony was a drawing. Thank yous were returned with doodles of Peter, signing something passionately as he sat in front of his lunch. Random thoughts were illustrated humorously and returned to Tony for a laugh. Strange facts were accompanied by drawings of Tony in the lab, sometimes post explosion, other times surrounded by tech with a smile on his face. He is always shocked at the level of detail in the doodles Steve sends back. He saves every drawing, specifically the ones of Peter.
It doesn’t take long for Tony to return to his thoughts of Steve having PTSD from his time in the service, though he now wonders how he can help. He wishes he had Rhodey. Rhodey always knows what to do in these situations, he knows the right words and he would especially know how to help Steve.
“Thanks Jay,” Tony mutters, moving his hand, Steve bites back his whine of discontent, he wants Tony’s warmth back. “Steve, baby, we need to go sit down, okay? I need you to walk with me, you can keep your eyes closed if you want but you need to walk to with me, babe. Can I touch you?”
Steve has never called Tony, this late. He’s never the one to dial the phone and wait while the line rings and eventually Tony picks up with a breathless, groggy ‘hello?’. Tony always places the late-night calls, seemingly unaware of the time as he pulls Steve from his dreams.
“Sir,” the returning voice is dry, almost deadpan. “The children are still in deep sleep, like I told Mr. Rogers. Best estimates show they will likely be up within two hours.”
Steve watches as the kids hop off the counter and follow Peter out of the room. Suddenly, with just the two of them the air grows tense, awkward.
“They all appear to still be in deep sleep. Though we are nearing ten hours since they went to bed. They might wake any minute.”
, Tony thinks to himself as he easily locates the fake rock under the porch swing.
“Jarvis,” Steve says, unable to keep himself from glancing up to the ceiling.
Steve wonders how Tony can still be so good, give off so much light when it seems like very force in the world has aimed to tear the man down. The arc reactors soft blue light shows through the shirt Tony wears, a beacon of hope. The world tries so hard to suffocate the light inside of Tony, so he instead puts one in his chest, Steve muses, a small smile on his face as he looks on. A moment passes before Tony clears his throat, smiling at Steve to let the man know he had been staring.
“Scan, Jay,” Tony mumbles into Steve’s neck, breath ghosting across his skin, causing the hair on the back of his neck to stand on edge. “Gimme an estimate on how much longer they’ll be asleep.”
“Well I’m glad, as well,” Tony whispers. “You should go play. I better see photos of you all from the photo booth.”
From: nat.romanov@nycps.org
“I know.” And Tony sounds content, like he’s said what he feels he needed to say, or maybe he’s just drained of emotional talk for the day. Either way Steve senses the conversation is over, so he closes his eyes again, leans his head back, and exists. Quietly and without the expectation of too much from his brain, he just lives in the moment.
“Fridge, right side. Third pull out drawer. It has all of the snacks Peter and I premade. They’re pretty well rounded out. Just grab whatever looks interesting to you.”
"Why are you comforting me?" he asks again.
(See the end of the chapter for
He'd been walking briskly allong the sidewalk, keeping his head bent and eyes focused on the phone in his hands when he bumped into Steve.
He sighed, opening his eyes and sitting upright so that he was leaning against the headboard instead.
And then he could take Morgan home.
He tugged on Tony's hand until Tony got the hint and rolled his eyes, pulling off his jacket before moving so that he was sitting next to him.
Why did he have to fall in love with Tony? Why was it always someone that he couldn't have?
His reappearance from the bathroom doesn't go unnoticed by Pepper and she calls him back to the table, drawing him into the conversation once more and he forgets all about Steve.
The footage plays and throughout the recordings, all he can think about is how stupid he had been last night.
"You're not in bed. Can't sleep without you," Steve murmurs, body still warm with sleep. He knows if he turns around to look at him that Steve's normally neat blond hair will be tousled, and his hands itch to run it through the short strands.
Because, Steve and Tony had seemed so buddy-buddy lately. And not in the sense that they were friendly with one another. No, they were almost-dating
"I do. Always have," he says when he finds nothing but the truth.
In the end, it's a mixture of both the former and the latter.
"Tony, you
"Shut up. I won't be able to sleep," Steve says, sounding slightly put out, and Tony gets what the blond
His grin is wide, sharp. Steve immediately dislikes it.
"Other times, they might be looking for food. Do you want to try feeding her?" she asks Steve.
And really, Tony was dumbstruck. Steve looked so happy and content. It was almost as if Steve was meant to have this.
"Breakfast? I'm starving and I know that you must at least be hungry considering how long you've been up. Besides, Doctor Mikhailov said that you needed to eat enough calories so that you can keep up your strength," Tony says.
He and Pepper really were over by now. She had been staying in Malibu, and the fact that she hadn't called him back or made any effort to move back to the city was any indication, she wasn't looking to further their relationship, not now that he was in some sort of relationship with Steve.
They'd be wrong, as they usually were, but not
"Oh my God, come here, you idiot."
It's always been something that Steve's done whenever he was troubled or feeling overwhelmed and the sound of Tony's heartbeat beneath his ears was a way to calm him down from whatever state he was currently in.
So, ignoring Tony's complaints about not being carried, he hoists Tony up in his arms and leaves the lab.
And okay, maybe all of the things he's done in his life aren't miserable, but it sure feels that way when Steve can't even look him in the eye.
"Coming right up," Steve said, "You're amazing, you know that?" he said, referring to Tony's thoughtfulness. He grabbed the pot and poured himself a mug of coffee before grabbing the ingredients needed for their breakfast. Then he focused his attention on Tony, pulling him closer with one hand and dipping his head so that their lips met in a chaste kiss.
feeling? Tired? Sore?"
long?" Tony asks.
I can arrange something."
He kept quiet, turning his head so that it was angled towards the balcony instead of Tony.
For a couple of seconds, it's quiet as she stops suckling, gazing at Steve with wide, brown eyes.
Steve nods. What else could he say?
Steve sighed internally. For a second he actually thought that Tony had snapped out of it.
Bucky looked heavenward, closing his eyes and breathing in and out slowly, looking for all his worth as though he were a parent that was tired of dealing with their child.
In which a few more tears are shed, there are emotionally stunted conversations, and Steve and Tony finally get to hold their daughter. Oh, and there might be a name.
He forgot just how well Steve knows him.
"Hey, Steve?"
Their friends and the media might be going crazy, but this moment was for them alone.
He was so
A week goes by until he sees Steve again, but by then whatever friendly relationship they'd built together had been shifted. It wasn't obvious, not at first, but after talking for an hour and receiving nothing but short answers from Steve, he shuts his mouth and watches Steve instead.
It's only once he gets up to go to the bathroom ( before he left Pepper gave him a
The café itself was rather attractive and charming. It had a warm, cosy feel to it. It was decorated with a few paintings here and there, and in the front of the café, they had a large variety of cakes to choose from.
And then he had an idea.
And when breakfast was over, he sat quietly, hands drawing soft strokes with the graphite pencil onto the pages of his sketchbook. It was a good day, but he couldn't help feel as though something was off.
He laughed at the indignant face Tony pulled.
that says she knew exactly what he planned to do and using the bathroom was not on his agenda, so he sighed and gave her his phone) that he noticed Steve.
Just as things were beginning to get interesting (right when Tony felt as if he was ready to take Steve with him and stow him away in his room in the penthouse for an entire week), Tony heard an embarrassed cough behind them.
He turns around, ignoring Tony and pulls the bag off the hook and lifts it onto his shoulder, walking over to the built-in rack to the side of the gym to pack it away.
Tony rolled his eyes. "Great. Have I ever told you that out of all of your friends, Barnes is my least favorite?"
If it was anyone else, Tony would laugh at them. Probably in their faces, too, if he was being honest. Which is something that Pepper is always trying to get him to practice. The being honest part, that is, not the part where he laughs in people's faces.
And then he and Steve were left alone.
I did not rile him up, thank you very much. We had a very civil conversation."
Steve finally gave birth! These two are still pining after one another and they can't see it. Don't we just love two oblivious idiots?
"I don't know. I'm just worried about what everyone else will think. They'll look at me and think that all I want is your money. I mean, I'm not exactly your type. And now the fact that I'm pregnant and living with you will only serve to solidify their theories, " Steve said, sounding slightly bitter. He turned his head to look back out the window and Tony sighed internally, closing his eyes.
Over his shoulder, Tony says, "You could've called me to help you."
Really, he loved Steve so much. Steve could ask him to sell the tower and move into a simple brownstone with him and he wouldn't even blink an eye. As Rhodey so eloquently put it, he was whipped. Not that he cared, of course. Steve was what made him want to wake up in the mornings.
It's when Tony's gotten into the car and he's shut the door behind the genius that he hears the sound of gravel being crushed underfoot that he realises that someone was standing nearby, watching them, probably having seen everything that had just happened.
"She's so tiny," Steve whispers, voice full of awe as he trails a gentle finger across her cheek. She leans into the touch and Tony sees the way Steve's eyes light up.
In which the Big Move™ occurs, Steve angsts a bit more and Tony tries his best. One point to each of them for progress. Of course, this doesn't mean that Steve and Tony have a proper conversation, but then again, when is anything ever easy with these two?
And sitting like this, touching skin to skin and being able to feel and share each other's body heat is the closest they've been since they've broken up beyond brief touches when handing over mission briefings or brushing up against each other in passing.
and no one besides business people has time to sit around in a coffee shop for three hours.
"We'll get to take her home soon," Tony says softly.
"Really, Nat? Way to make a guy feel wanted," he allows his tone to come off as teasing, instead of the annoyed tone he wants to convey, and he watches as it reaches its desired effect.
He laid in bed, eyes wide awake but body protesting loudly against its inability to sleep. He tried everything, from shutting his eyes tightly against the darkness of their bedroom to counting sheep to listening to the playlist that Tony had composed for him for nights like this when he couldn't sleep.
He climbed out of bed and walked to the bathroom, brushing his teeth.
She's stopped whimpering now, and Steve huffs out a slight laugh when she lets out a sigh of content, a tiny yawn escaping her equally tiny mouth.
Steve nods jerkily and he can tell that Steve is probably deciding on whether or not it was safe to stay down here with him or if he should just go to bed.
Steve, well, Steve was a whole other story.
Steve blinks. Hearing Tony talk - and from his rough voice, it was obvious that the genius had just woken up. And really, now was not the time to notice such things - felt strange; he had been working in the silence for quite some time, and adjusting to noise once more was taking him a while.
It was easy to like Pepper.
" - and that's why I'm out here. I was about to look for you to ask if Steve would be allowed to see the baby. He's, well, he's doing a lot better than last night, but then again, he kinda did push out a fully formed human without even knowing of its existence in the first place, so there's that. So? What do you say, Doc? Is it okay for Steve to visit the baby?" he asked. He was rambling, but this was…
"Sure thing, Boss man. Are you sure the reason that you need my help to check everything isn't just because you're getting slow in your old age?" she teased him and he glared at the nearest camera.
Tony gaped, then realized she was messing with him.
"Don't worry about it."
But he was still silent.
All he needed to do was approach with caution. If he pressed too much, Steve would shut down, get defensive, or he would simply just purse his lips and stay silent. If he tried to make light of the situation, say, by being too snarky or sarcastic or saying things in a joking manner, Steve might take things the wrong way and accuse him of being incapable of being mature enough to deal with being there. He would probably try to chase him away.
Steve packs the book back into the gift bag and puts it on the bedside table along with the box of chocolates. The dress he folds neatly.
Steve could only look at Tony, blue eyes scrutinising his every move. For once in his life, Tony was silent, mouth not working against the barrage of words that caused humiliation to burn through him, travelling through his entire body until he felt like he couldn't breathe. Guilt seemed to be like it was along for the ride as well because he could feel it tugging at his heart, begging for him to say anything, to apologize and tell Steve the honest truth.
Clint was the next to join. And then the remainder of the team filed out of the common room, each heading to their respective floors before passing out.
All these thoughts flitted around his brain, making his brain go into overdrive and confuse him into thinking that he was shivering, that the cold was coming for him again.
And when he goes quiet at a lull in conversation, they're quick to say something that grabs his attention.
"Good morning. You're up early today," Steve greeted. He was surprised to find Tony up at this hour. Usually the brunet was still asleep whenever he came back from his run and would usually wake when he was finished with his shower and in the middle of making a pot of coffee.
There was complete radio silence from Tony's end of the line after their rather spectacular blow up in his lab a few days ago. In the days that followed, Steve himself didn't make a point to say anything or go out of his way to see Tony, not that he wanted to, of course. He was still upset, and he had every right to be. Who did Tony think he was? He had no right to tell him that he wasn't allowed to go out with Sharon. Of all things Tony decided to get mad at him over he gets mad at that. And he was the one accused of being the hypocrite! Yet, when Tony decided it was okay to kiss him and sleep with him while claiming to still be interested in Pepper, and that things between them would never go any further than they were at the moment, it was somehow still his fault.
He knows that Steve's tough and doesn't let anything get to him, but maybe, just maybe, he needed to hear something nice from someone. Maybe he needed to hear that he was valued and cared for and that someone loved -
He sleeps the entire day, only waking to eat the soup that Tony ordered in - Tony refused to try and make soup, no matter how much he cared for the blond he didn't want to make Steve sicker than he already was - and take his flu medication.
He held up his phone, waving it slightly in the air.
"If you don't answer, she's going to end up pulling a Bucky. Either way, you're still going to end up facing Pepper," Steve said and Tony groaned, shoving his face into Steve's neck.
"Because no matter what happened before, I promise not to hurt you again," Steve says and he can hear the sincerity in his voice, can see the way his blue eyes shimmer with guilt and sadness.
Tony is now playing with the iron man plaster that Bruce had given him to stick over his arm and is smiling dopily.
He asks Stone this.
And then he frowns again, looking at Steve as if he kicked his puppy. "Steve, don't you love me? 'm sorry. Pep says I gotta say sorry if I'm - if I'm rude to someone. She says I gotta have manners. Was I - did I say something bad?"
Tony raises an eyebrow, smirking. "Is that so, Cap? Well, maybe you should remove the stick from your ass and you'll see just how much you push everyone away with your own goddamn righteous attitude. Why don't you just tell me the real reason why you brought me back to the tower so that I can leave and get back into my lab, okay?" Tony questioned, sounding sickly sweet.
"For fucks sake, Rhodey! You two are supposed to be my friends. You're supposed to support me, not question my every move. Steve would never in a million years even think about doing something like that," Tony snapped.
As for last Christmas, he can't help but hate how accurate George Michael was when he was writing the song.
He can practically see Natasha's raised eyebrows as he says those words, and yet, he doesn't feel the particular need to explain himself just yet.
and Tony smirked. Blondie's voice sounded better than anything he could imagine.
"Tony, nothing will happen, okay? JARVIS won't let anything happen to you. You remember JARVIS, don't you?" he asked, making his voice all soft and suggestive. He really needed Tony to grab the bait.
He nods, finding that he is okay, for now at least. So long as he didn't have to smell - or see - what Natasha was eating then he'd be fine.
So the fact that the blend had been brewed by FRIDAY, and was just sitting innocently on the countertop showed that someone - Tony has a feeling that one of the kitchen staff members had placed it out in the open for ease of access, since they pretty much knew his antics by now - had left it out.
He leaves the room, shutting the door behind him, and only checks the time on his phone when he's safely out of the room where the blue light of the screen can't disturb Steve's sleep.
When Tony doesn't answer, eyes searching for something he can't find, Bruce turns to him.
He got into the elevator and the doors closed behind him, JARVIS immediately knowing where he was headed to. He closed his eyes and sighed, suddenly feeling exhausted.
Steve gets a mission and he and Natasha have some bonding time
Tony probably tore a ligament when he landed in the armour. He saw how hard Tony landed, and even though Tony hadn't said anything on comms during the fight with Doom, he'd heard how the rest of the team had commented on Tony's hard landing. It must've happened then.
From the common room, they could hear what was being said. And the words that came flying out of their leaders' mouths like bullets, each one more poisonous and hurtful than the last, were borderline
It might've been an evil ploy on her behalf, making sure that he'd actually attend the meeting this time if it happened to be at a place he liked to go to, and he was noticeably upset that she had even thought of something so cruel. But, he had to give her kudos for originality, and the fact that she made the meeting a little bit more bearable than usual by making sure he had amazing coffee and snacks.
"Given Clint's obsession with a bow and arrow and shooting people with Nerf bullets I'd say it's par for the course. Pretty tame compared to the messages the others got from him," Steve pointed out. He plated up the waffles and fruit and placed it in front of Tony who smiled at him in thanks before bringing his attention back to the phone in his hand.
He tells Steve this.
"Uh, yeah. Just, look, let's not pretend anymore. You have your job, the graphic design gig thing and I have the company to run. We don't have time to do this anymore. And to be honest, I don't think this -" he waves a hand in the air, gesturing to the coffee shop and to the two of them, "- this whole thing is going to work out.”
It was a bad night for him. The day itself wasn't the best, and the night just seemed to end on a bad note.
"We're going to go to Bruce, okay? And he'll help you feel better. And then you can sleep for as much as you like after. But we need to get out of here so that I can get you to Bruce. I'm going to unlock the door, okay?" he said, walking backwards slowly so as not to startle Tony.
Tony pointed at the ceiling, and then at him.
Tony flashes Steve one of his best smiles, hoping to reassure the blond and help him relax, and it works. Steve loosens up and sinks back into the pillows that Tony had insisted on fluffing up for him, and struggles to hold back a yawn.
"You're horrible, you know that? Absolutely horrible. Give me back my coffee."
He puts his tablet down and turns his entire body to face Steve, grabbing the blond's hand in his.
This is why he was considering retiring. Because people - and maybe this was punishment for putting his ma and Bucky through all the trouble when he was younger and getting into fights that he had no way of getting out of - or whatever higher power was in existence loved testing his limits. And it wasn't just any thing that tested his limits, no, it was aliens and robots and genetically enhanced humans that were grown in a test tube in the dark of a supposedly unknown Hydra cell and one gorgeous man by the name of Tony Stark. And not all in that order, but of course it would come down to this. Tony was always testing his ability to remain sane.
It's only once the meeting is over and everyone is standing up to leave does he turn around, eyes searching for Steve. He's disappointed when he doesn't see him, but then again, the meeting had gone on for
"Thank you. For a minute it looked like you were about to say no," Steve said as he retook his seat.
The trip down memory lane only serves to remind Tony of the fact that while he's sipping coffee from the comfort of his penthouse, Steve is still very much stuck downstairs in medical.
He's surprised to see that the person down in the gym with him is none other that Tony. He looks much better now, all rested and wearing something that isn't a rumpled suit. His hair's still disheveled but that just makes him look more real.
Getting her to latch is surprisingly easy, from the way Tony sees the nurse watch on in pride, she seems to think that Steve has the situation handled.
When he was done eating he took his plate to the back and cleaned up and then walked back out to where the others were sitting and made some excuse about wanting to get some reading in before he went to bed.
"Steve, I love you and I love the little Blob as well. Nothing and no one will ever be able to stop me. You know how stubborn I can be, right?"
"Cosiknewyouweregointoactlikedis, " Steve mumbled.
"Mi comare" comes from the Italian comare, which means godmother or second mother. In other words, someone who takes care of you.
Tony lay in the bed he used to share with Steve. The bed still smelled faintly of all things Steve and Tony had this strange urge to scream and cry at the same time. The truth was that he missed Steve. More often than not, he'd turn around in bed to lay his head on Steve's chest only to find the bed empty. And that wasn't all. Sometimes when he was in the workshop he would find himself starting a sentence, talking to Steve, and then he'd remember that Steve was in Wakanda.
Bucky turned to look at him, waiting for a response.
How could he have gone on like that? And around Steve no less!
It was only as they passed through the long, winding hallway that from the ballroom to the men's bathroom that they slowed down. He could sense the growing fear emanating from Tony, and he squeezed Tony's hand gently, giving him what he hopes is a supportive smile. He's got Tony's back, no matter how mad he was at Tony - he's not ready to admit that his lingering anger at Tony from their argument the other day was slowly dissipating the longer he spent time with him - and it's about time Tony realised that.
And with that, he felt his throat close up and it felt as if someone had ripped the rug out from beneath his feet.
Steve isn't really invested in making friends with him, and Tony feels like a fool for not noticing it sooner; he must've pressurized Steve so much that Steve felt the need to pretend to be friends with him.
Steve allows Tony to comfort him, even leans into the touch like a man drowning. And he doesn't say anything about it, doesn't want Steve to pull away and pretend that he's fine when he so clearly is anything
had that much power over him was debilitating. It
He doesn't say that it's all a lie and he didn't only help because it was the right thing to do, but because he was in love with Tony that he did it.
"Are you being serious right now? You aren't joking?" Tony asks.
Steve's eyes widened slightly in realization, and then he nodded.
It's when he tries to help Steve out of bed and into their kitchen for breakfast at the blond's insistence, that Steve sways on his feet.
"Tony," Steve cleared his throat, trying to grab Tony's attention.
"I call bullshit. Alright? Listen, I know that things aren't the best right now, that this is less than ideal and was totally something we didn't plan, but I'd like to think that after spending some time together -" he refused to say dating. That was part of the 'no territory' section in the talking department. "-that you aren't
"I have my ways," Steve said with a teasing smile.
What else could he possibly ask for?
"I'm - I didn't mean to say that. Look, just forget I said anything," he mutters, moving to walk around Tony but quick as a whip, Tony grabs his hand, tugging at it until he stops.
He crouches down next to Tony, who looks slightly stunned at seeing him still down in the lab and not upstairs defending his chinese food before going back to glaring Dum-E into submission. He takes a second to look at Tony’s oldest ‘bot and sees how its arm is slumped in regret.
Tony's eyes flicked from the door to Steve's phone and then back again.
"It was. But you know what wouldn't leave my mind after that? Who decides to have a bachelorette party the night of Valentine's Day?" Tony sounded downright exasperated.
Steve stays silent for a while, face blank until he suddenly huffs out a laugh.
The nurse hovers in the background, and when Steve looks up he can see her watching with a smile on her face.
The trip back to Steve's room is filled with meaningless talk, but it comforts both of them and takes their mind off of their daughter.
When he waves the waiter over, Steve finally tears his eyes away from the window and glances at him in confusion.
And then he felt infinitely guilty for thinking about marrying Peggy, because he loved Tony. Tony who loved so fully, who held him whenever he had a bad day, who waited by his bedside whenever he injured himself on a mission, Tony who worked himself to the bone to ensure that the team had updated weapons and gear that would protect them on a mission.
The mâitre d' led them through the restaurant and to their seats. "Your table, Sirs. I hope you enjoy your evening," the man said, parting with another smile.
"See? Bruce will even let you sleep when you get to the tower."
"Whenever I have a bad day, I can be triggered into having a panic attack really easily, and I can drop at any time. It's not fun, believe me, but I found ways to cope," Tony explained, and he sounded a little bitter, but seemed as if he had accepted it as the way things would be from now on.
He glared at Tony, feeling all of his pent up anger push against the invisible wall he built to trap it inside and spill over.
Steve shook his head. "No, a nurse. Nurse… Hannah? Yeah, she was here. Although I think Doctor Mikhailov should be here soon."
Tony laughed.
After the whole civil war and accords, Tony was broken. Beyond broken in fact. His husband had left him for his best friend. The same best friend who had tried to kill Steve and the same best friend that had killed Tony's parents. Basically leaving him to Obadiah Stane, who had, in fact, hated him and hired the Ten Rings to kidnap and kill him. Tony's life was so messed up he didn't even know what to do. He had trust issues and suffered from PTSD. He had constant nightmares and was always trying to fix his mistakes, but the team still blamed him for everything.
"Yes, really. Unless… you weren't serious about an apology dinner. In that case, you can go to hell, " Steve said.
He's so tuned into his own thoughts that he doesn't hear the doors to the gym slide open and someone walk in, nor does he hear that someone clear their throat.
"Tony, the rest of the team are upstairs waiting for you. Clint wants to start the movie already and is threatening to eat your Chinese if you aren't upstairs in the next five minutes," he says, walking down the stairs leading into the lab.
"We're more than capable of stealing a couple of weapons, Tony. We've done harder things than that. If you were so worried about us not being able to go on the mission then why don't you send Barnes?" she asks.
He's getting ready to leave and although Steve tells himself that he shouldn't focus so much on Tony, that he shouldn't be disappointed that Tony's leaving to go back to his workshop, he is.
Doctor Mikhailov gives a disbelieving laugh.
"I have those days, too. I wake up and Clint always likes to tease me that I woke up on the wrong side of the bed, but I know better now that I spoke to a shrink. We all have our bad days. Looks like you had a couple of bad days while I was away. I'm sorry I wasn't there to help you through them, darling, but I'm here now and it's okay. You're allowed to have bad days," Tony said.
He sighed, turning around and shot them a grin. "Nope, thanks. I'm good. Just came to get a fresh pot of coffee, then I'll be out of your hair," he said, resuming his coffee making and purposefully not looking at Steve.
And although he can understand Tony's confusion at his eagerness to accept the mission, it's completely misplaced. He's not eager to go on the mission, not
So he played it off.
"You mentioned Pepper!" Steve exclaimed.
"Now, what did you say to your former friend?" she asked and Tony glared at her. Steve wasn't his former anything. They were still married. They were just... taking a break, that's all. Well, he hoped they were only taking a break. He still loved Steve. "Sorry. What did you say to your husband?" she quickly corrected.
When Tony made no move towards Steve, Steve decided to take matters in his own hands and sighed, nearly climbing over the table in an attempt to get to Tony.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony picked up the letter and cleared his throat, getting ready to read the two rather heartfelt words he'd written on the paper. "Dear Cap," he read, "Fuck you," Tony's therapist blinked and resisted the urge to facepalm. She certainly wasn't expecting that. "Okay. We'll try the letter some other time," she said. Tony nodded happily. He reckoned he did well.
It's strange seeing her so focused when it comes to something other than a mission, and he settles in one of the barstools to watch her as she gathers various utensils and plates and items from the fridge.
"Yeah, Steve?"
He appreciates it, really.
"I did indeed, sir, and I'm inclined to agree with Captain Rogers on this one. You're simply too much work. My servers cannot cope with all the stress," JARVIS said drily.
But that would be too simple, wouldn’t it?
“So, uh—looks like you got them to bed?” Steve mentally kicks his own ass because there are a million words sitting on the tip of his tongue and those are the ones he chooses.
Then he leans in, closing the distance, and kisses the man again.
“It felt fucking selfish, is what it felt,” he finishes resolutely, taking a long drink of his coffee. “But Brucie came over the night after and set me straight. It’s not selfish to like you. Fuck, I mean… at Shield Magnet it’s not even harmful to your job or Peter’s education as long as we can stay professional. I just... I’m sorry I didn’t contact you. I felt I needed to get that all straight in my head before I took it to you.”
“Uh, huh,” Tony mutters his voice sounds muffled, like maybe he isn’t holding the phone to his face. “I’m following.” Then, he adds, more muffled than before, and definitely not to Steve. “You all need to go to sleep. How are you even going still? We have done so much. A snack? Yeah, how does peanut butter and celery sound? No, Ned, we aren’t going to build an ice cream machine right now. Yes, MJ, the celery is responsibly sourced. No, Pete, we cannot stay up all night.”
“I can try,” Ned adds, shrugging dejectedly. Mysteries aren’t his greatest strength, but he’s a smart kid anyway and stands a good chance of figuring out the mystery as quickly as anybody else.
“Sir.” If an A.I. can sound upset then JARVIS does in that moment. “A troubling event has occurred.” Something about the way JARVIS sounds, the stilted way the A.I. is talking runs right through Tony. It starts with a ringing in his ears and ends with the numbing of his toes. Unable to fight the fear Tony shoots straight up in bed.
“Sir, it’s currently Monday April 30
, Peter signs, pointing to a Hispanic boy next to him. The kid is bigger than Peter, but Tony is unsure if that was normal since he and Peter run on the small side.
“Call me.” She shakes Tony’s hand as she stands by the elevator. “Pete’s a good kid, a great kid really. If you need anything, if you have any questions, you already have my email and cell. Please reach out.”
did she even
“How can we aide in the investigation?” Tony usually throws money at things, but he doesn’t think throwing money at this will help.
Peter nods.
“Bedtime, underoos.” Tony prods Peter toward the door, watching his little legs as he goes. “I’ll tuck you in. If you need anything you know how to get me right?” Peter nods, eyes staying closed longer and longer with each blink. “Sign to JARVIS, okay? He’ll either call me or light up the hallway to get to my room.” Peter nods again, this time he hasn’t even opened his eyes to pretend he is listening to Tony.  With a smile Tony finishes tucking him in and heads to his own room.
“Peter is your son.”
“Nothing has ever sounded as fucking disgusting as peanut butter and celery with raisins. Don’t come to me with that shit.” Steve tries not to think too hard about the delighted tingle that runs through his body as Tony lets out a surprised laugh.
“Mary saw something in you Stark,” Natasha replies, finishing her coffee. “That means something. No good mother, no mother like Mary Parker would put their child in harm’s way.”
The soft smile Natasha offers him is comforting. Maybe he is going in the right direction. The rest of the quick elevator ride is spent in silence.
Oh, and Steve. There’s also Steve who texts Tony at least once a day for the last two weeks to see if he needs any help. Who now sends him pictures or silly videos of him and Peter at lunch. Steve who still occasionally sends a doodled note home in Peter’s lunch box, especially on days when Tony and Pete make sure to pack him some food.
Steve absolutely, one hundred percent does not bristle with annoyance when the bored young woman working the service desk suddenly peps up upon seeing Tony. Though the younger man doesn’t notice how the woman’s demeanor changes, how she pulls her auburn hair down from the lazy bun it was in, letting it fall in waves around her face, or how she undoes two of the buttons in her polo. Steve see’s it all, he doesn’t let the annoyance curl in his stomach and make his fingers a little numb, no he doesn’t. He doesn’t feel his stomach do envious summersaults when she gives the man an obvious once over and leans across the desk, asking how she can help him, her voice thick with intentions that anybody could recognize as not pure. No, Steve is an adult and his here as Tony’s friend. No jealousy in the area.
All too soon the elevator dings and the doors open to the third floor. They pull apart, Tony’s eyes are wide, pupils dilated so much Steve can hardly see the starling amber color. His lips are parted and swollen, pink and begging to be kissed again. Steve doesn’t realize he’s staring, still leaned into Tony’s space until the shorter man clears his throat.
They destroy the cake and leave at least a slice or two for the adults in the room, so Tony assumes the cake is a hit too. After cake, everybody starts to file out. Peter and Tony hand out goodie bags at the elevator doors. Signing thank you to everybody who came. As the floor empties out Tony feels the tightness in his chest let up. It was awful but at least it was over and he could regroup with his son.
Peter eagerly signs the name of the teacher and the subject to Tony before pulling him in. The conferences occur in an open house fashion, allowing parents and students to come and go at their leisure. Discussion over how the student is doing occurs and the parent will soon be off to mingle with the next available teacher.
MJ and Ned croon, falling into giggles as Tony sticks his tongue out at them.
he still knows exactly how long it will take him to get from the chair he’s sitting in to the elevator (
Tony huffs, a dry laugh as he places bowls in front of everybody.
“Hey, guys, please don’t leave without saying goodbye? I’m gonna get Pete ready for bed.” Tony wants to thank the men for their help, wants to pay Steve back for the hard work he did tonight, painting the faces and hands of 25 kids, and the beautiful decorations he definitely has to let Tony reimburse him for. He needs to thank Bruce and Clint for making the night seem like less of a train wreck with their stories for the kids and the laughs they shared with him when he felt like a failure.
Tony’s already spoken with Peter’s physical education coach, a funny smartass of a man named Clint, who makes Peter smile with his jokes. He sings Pete’s praises and sends them off to the next teacher.
“Hey, MJ,” Tony cajoles, setting the girls feet on the floor but not letting go of her weight. “You gotta get ready for bed, kid. You need jammies on and to brush your teeth.”
“Yes, Steve. I promise.”
The first night goes great, though Tony is on edge almost the entire time, waiting for something to go wrong. He fidgets and squirms, waiting for Natasha to come to her senses and snatch up the little boy, stealing him out of Tony’s life forever. But that doesn’t happen, instead Natasha stays for a while to help Peter settle in. They unpack his items together, the young boy stoic as Tony helps hang clothes and place more books on the already stuffed shelves. After they’re finished unpacking they order pizza, Peter’s current favorite is chicken with pineapple, and watch a movie.
Peter signs. He lets out a large sigh before adding.
“I’m 27 Steve, not 53. I should be able to keep up with these kids. How do you do it, oh wise one?”
“What do you mean?” Tony pauses, taking in the relaxed stance of the woman. Her curled red hair stopping just above her shoulders, eyebrow gently arching as she brings the cup up to her scarlet painted lips, a playful smile on her face that Tony can’t help but feel is at his expense, it makes him unsettled.  “Little ears?” He can’t help the shame that runs through him when he adds “that’s my mug.” like a petulant child.
The coffee is overpriced but good. Steve holds his cup firmly in his hands, breathing in the aroma as deeply as possible. The smell grounds him, the warmth that radiates from the cup, through his fingers, up his arms and intro the rest of his body is so welcome. November in New York is a chilly time, Steve can never quite keep the chill from soaking into his bones.
Peter’s eyes shoot up, connecting with Tony’s for a moment before his hands start flying across his face and chest. Tony is thankful for his quick brain as he takes in Peter’s words and connects their meaning.
“Are you okay?” Tony just shakes his head.
They’re nearly three hours in when Steve sees the kids sagging. They’re ricocheting off the walls instead of actively bouncing. No longer full of the same energy. That is until they walk into the last room of the day.
Steve’s house is, nice. The front door leads into a spacious living room, a large t.v. and a worn, but comfortable looking couch and easy chair take up the majority of this room. The house is old, but not in disrepair. Tony guesses the house was built in the twenties, maybe Steve inherited it. He makes his way down a short hallway, two doors to his right, and one to his left. A small kitchen sits at the end of the hallway. During the phone call, Steve told Tony he was under the bed. The kitchen is too far if that’s the case. It looks like the French doors only open to a backyard. One of the doors to his right or left contains Steve’s room.
The silence becomes strained, there is so much Tony wants to say in response to that. He stops the words on the tip of his tongue because they’re cocky, dangerous and too much like the old Tony to be anywhere close to the right words to say.
Tony makes sure to stop the kettle before it’s shrill whistle startles Steve any further, he’s not sure what kind of setback that would cause, and pours the steaming hot water into two mugs. He waits five minutes, daring to check the emails on his phone. Two from Pepper about important meetings during the week and documents he needs to sign. He quickly skims the documents before checking the next email. One from Platypus, he’ll be on leave in December and wants to see Peter again. Tony makes a mental note to make reservations at Rhodey’s favorite restaurant as well as organize a time for them to take Peter to the museum or something. The rest is bookkeeping. Developments in R&D that need to be looked over before sent out, business offers from up and coming tech developers, the lone hate mail that somehow got through the secure server and the rare email from Justin Hammer flaunting something S.I. has inevitably just patented.
Tony tries not to focus on how thick Steve’s accent is, how he really sounds like the guy from Brooklyn right now.
“His aunt says he’s always been reserved, soft spoken, but he hasn’t gone weeks without talking according to her knowledge.” Natasha slips him a soft look, Tony gets the message. This conversation can wait until later.
“Steve,” Tony whispers, keeping his voice soft and calm. “Do you like sugar and cream in your tea?”
Tony sighs, heart hurting for Steve, aching for the loss of a friend. He thinks for a moment, about how Rhodey came for him in the desert. Even after everybody thought he was dead and decaying Rhodey kept searching. He remembers with a sharp ache in his chest that he thought of Rhodey every day of his captivity. Thoughts of his best friends would fill his head at night in his dreams, or when he was being held underwater by hands much stronger than he.
But the kids have been fed and they have played all over Tony’s communal floor for almost two hours so they swarm the food and barely even leave crumbs so at least dinner is a hit.
We infiltrate this train, the mission is messy but successful. The train torn to bits. We think we cleaned up, ya know? Catch tha big baddies, rope ‘em up. We’re callin’ S.H.I.E.L.D. for extraction when outta nowhere… this guy just comes outta fuckin’ nowhere an’ barrels for me. And Buck, the fuckin’ idiot, jumps in front of me. He gets pushed straight outta this.. hole in the side of the train. A bullet takes care of big idiot and I dive for Buck. Tony… I.. I got there and I had his hand. I was holding onto him. I coulda, I shoulda, been able to pull him back into the train. Back to safety. But I lost my grip. I lost my grip an’ Buck fell. An’ I was distracted ‘cause Buck just fell. I didn’t see, wasn’t payin’ attention when somebody came up behind me and pushed me. Then I was fallin’ too.”
“Sir, I believe you might want to take a moment to freshmen up. I’ve started coffee.”
“Really Steve,” Tony sighs, in the background Steve hears the contented mutterings of children who have been given an offering. “Any advice on how to get these kiddos into bed? Usually Pete is asleep by 11 on a Friday. It’s 12:30.”
Which yes, Tony knows that is most likely the case but he needs to hear it for some reason.
Some nights a soft prayer, murmured into ice cube fingers will help. His breath ghosting over the numb digits until he slowly warms back to life.
Steve smiles back, an honest smile. He thinks it might be the first time he’s smiled this brightly outside of the classroom.
“Well, I’m glad. Halloween is your favorite holiday then, Pete?” Tony asks, bringing their plates over to the dinner table.
Tony looks to the others, eyes roving over the three kids and Steve, a devilish smile taking over his face.
“Yes?”
“I need you to talk to me, stars and stripes, I ca- I can’t help unless I know what’s wrong. And… and, seeing you like this… it hurts. What’s wrong babe?”
“Mary was clear in her will that if you stepped up you would receive primary guardianship of Peter. May and Ben are good people, but they’re Richard’s brother and sister in-law. She seemed to want you to have a chance. May and Ben said they would gladly help you however they can.”
“Okay, honey bunches. Hold tight. Stay there. I’m coming to you okay?”
“Alright, time for bed I think.” Tony sweeps Peter out of the tub and dries him quickly. He helps the boy into his pajamas and combs his hair.
“Thanks, Bruce. Let’s help Steve decorate, yeah?”
“Mr. Roger’s favorite holiday is Halloween too!” Peter exclaims that night at dinner. Startling Tony as he finishes up the pasta they’re having.
He sings in the kitchen, and dances with his son’s friends.
“You’re a better man than you think you are, Tony. You’re an amazing man. I’m sure Mary saw that.” Pepper is on the phone, rescheduling Tony’s day, before the elevator doors close.
“It’s okay baby, I’m not gonna leave you. I’ll be here as long as you need me.”
“I said I was gonna come get you, honey, remember?”
“Okay?” Tony can’t help the shock that leaks into his voice. He had anticipated a little more struggling before Steve would consider coming out from under the bed.
Steve dreams of falling, the sickening feeling of stability abandoning him, with nothing but open air at his feet. He dreams of the terrified screams of a childhood friend, a brother in arms, as he plummets to earth. Steve dreams of the cold, of exhaustion seeping into his bones as he searches and searches. He dreams of when he finally stops searching, finally settles into the snow and finally lets himself rest.
Natasha sighs softly, finishing her coffee before scooping Peter up into her arms. “Think about it, Stark. Mary knew what she was doing.”
“Mr. Rogers,” JARVIS starts, the A.I.s voice is low, almost like a conspiratorial whisper. “I feel I should warn you. The scene out there resembles a chaotic form of anarchy.”
Best,
Tony chuckles as Peter fist pumps, an exaggerated motion, and runs into the room. Gently, almost reverently, the boy touches every area he can before latching onto one of the spider legs on his bed and swinging on it.
“Okay, that’s fine. It’s okay baby. Can I join you under the bed?”
His eyes, wide and excited, take in the sight in front of him before turning to the adults. The excitement on his face melts into confusion as he brings his right pointer finger to his head before moving it out two quick times.
That’s where Steve recognizes the man from. Numerous news articles that show Happy, often in the passenger seat, sometimes warding off crazed fans, rarely ever driving.
“Peter, we’ve been over this. Batman is the worst superhero. Billionaire? I like it. Dresses like a bat? Weird but who am I to judge? Doesn’t reveal his secret identity? I guess if you have to ‘protect those around you’ But the man doesn’t even build his own weapons or tech. He outsources! Also, too much black. The Bat could use some red.”
“Y-yes. I think that’s okay.”
, you to have custody of Peter. She chose you. That means something Stark. She saw something nobody else sees.” The woman pours herself another cup of his coffee. “We can offer some help if you choose to take Peter in.”
“Okay, okay Stevie-kins. Is it okay if I touch you again?”
“How can we help Pep?” Tony whispers, pouring water from the steaming kettle into the mug sitting in front of the redheaded woman.
“Firefly?” Ned suggests. He’s already building a huge sundae, base made of three different ice creams and sliced bananas.
“Thanks Petey, that…” Tony breaks off, trying to stop his voice from breaking. “You’ve made my whole day.”
“I-oh, I’m not sure, Tony.” Pepper adds three heaping spoonfuls of sugar to her green tea. Tony will never understand how or why she drinks her tea so sweet. “I’ll see if we can contact the head investigator?”
“Stevie-kins? Are you okay?” Tony tries to keep calm, tries to bite down on the anxiety that is clawing its way up his chest. Threatening to pull out the arc reactor and leave him gasping for air while shrapnel tears through his heart.
“Thank you for telling me Steve. That sounds… sounds like quite the list of experiences. I’m sorry you can’t share more of it with those around you. If you ever want to talk, I’m here. Even if you can only speak in generalities.” Tony smiles.
“I was scared you know,” Tony’s voice is quiet and when Steve opens his eyes he looks almost like he isn’t sure he should have said anything at all. But he doesn’t stop, he sips his coffee, takes a moment to compose himself and continues. “I was scared and I felt like shit. That’s why I never returned your texts, never called you back. I just…” he trails off, a distant look on his face.
, to impress Steve.
It seems Tony fell asleep too, and over the course of the night they moved and shifted until Steve’s back is flush with the back of the sofa, Tony pulled to his chest, face tucked into Steve’s neck.
Steve’s exclamation nearly stops him, causing Tony to pause for a long, tense moment as he interprets the situation before resuming his activities.
“My name is Natasha; I’m Peter’s case worker.”
"Sir, I can assure you Colonel Rhodes and Ms. Potts aren’t in danger.” Tony releases the breath he doesn’t know he started holding.
The way Tony says betrothed, full of light and humor, fills Steve with a want for… something. He thought after conferences, after the kiss on Halloween that the joke would start to fall flat. Instead, he finds the joke still makes him laugh, still reminds him why he enjoys Tony’s friendship.
“False, next suggestion please.”
Tony smiles back, softly, hesitant because everything tonight went wrong. Or so he thought. The cake was late, dinner was late, he had to send Happy out with his credit card to buy candy for the kids. But this, this seems so very right.
“Everything is going wrong Bruce,” Tony sighs, dragging his hand over his face. “The cake wasn’t even made. I had to call 50 bakeries in New York before we could find a place to make me a cake on short notice, I guess I didn’t order the food right because it’s going to be late, nothing is going right. I wanted to make this perfect for Peter. This is our first Halloween together.”
A warm hand is placed to Steve’s bicep and he’s cold, so, so cold. He tries not to, but he leans into the contact fully, craving the warmth of another person. Craving the warmth of Tony who seems to hold the power of the stars in his soul.
“What the fuck do you do to me, Rogers,” Tony whispers under his breath, following Steve out of the elevator. Steve thinks this is a rhetorical question, so he refrains from answering.
“Oh,” Tony whispers, Steve’s words sweeping the ground from under him, stealing the air right from his lungs.
“I show young Sir had increased smiles and serotonin levels throughout the night, Sir. It appears you are doing well.”
“Steve, honey bunches, can I touch you?” Tony asks. He ignores the excited flip in his stomach that occurs when Steve nods, ever so slightly.
“Anything for you, Tony, I mean that.”
“Does Mr. Rogers like hummus too?” Tony looks to Peter, not sure if it’s a talk to dad day or not. Peter nods. “Alright, Pete, can you grab your bag? I think we will be leaving soon.”
The first time Peter speaks it’s nearly four months later. He and Tony are getting ready for their day. Tony is packing Peter’s lunch. Turkey sandwich: two pieces of romaine lettuce, one slice of tomato, a tiny bit of mustard and cheddar cheese. Peter is picky about his lunches and what he eats on what day of the week. Wednesday is always turkey sandwich day. The sandwich has to be crafted perfectly and cut in half, two triangle pieces. He has his sandwich with sliced green bell pepper, baby carrots and animal crackers. Every Wednesday is turkey sandwich day and the one time they ran out of turkey, Tony tried to sub in a pepperoni pita, Thursday’s lunch, Peter didn’t talk to him until Friday morning, after Tony apologized and promised to keep the schedule. Peter moved his fist clockwise over his chest, an apology, before thanking Tony with a gesture of four fingers being moved from his chin out.
“The boys can get ready in my bathroom.”
With a gesture of his hand, from chin out, the boy toddles off. Little legs quickly moving from the room.
Steve is bigger than Tony. He’s taller by several inches and broader, Tony has to resist the urge to crawl into Steve’s lap and just wrap himself around the man. Instead, he scoots his chair over, knee to knee and wraps his arms around Steve.
Tony had a team come over the previous weekend to childproof the house. Sockets are now plugged, gates put up and JARVIS updated on how to help keep the kid safe. They have covered the penthouse as well as the two floors below it, in case Peter found himself down there. Peter’s room is done entirely by Tony though. He spends 32 hours and 47 minutes designing and perfecting the room.
“Took S.H.I.E.L.D. t-two days to f-find me. I t-thought… I thought I was gonna die. We never found Buck.”
So, when Tony stirs at a quarter after two in the morning, Snow Patrol’s Chasing Cars rousing him from whatever dream he had been drifting into, he’s surprised.
One of Pete’s favorite teachers is Dr. Banner.  He teaches the science classes and loves how curious Peter is. He doesn’t hesitate to answer all of the child’s questions and search for answers to the questions he doesn’t know. Tony likes Dr. Banner. He is a soft spoken, gentle, man that squats to Peter’s level when speaking with him.
“JARVIS is here!” Tony is indignant in his response, Steve ignores him and continues.
“Served for six years ‘fore we were offered positions in this organization, S.H.I.E.L.D. ‘ts like special ops, but more special. Buck loved it. He was a good sniper, I was good in hand to hand. Three years later S.H.I.E.L.D. sends us out on’a hell of’a mission. Stuck in the mountains of somewhere outside Germany. I dunno, they didn’t tell me that, just who to hit.
Steve blushes, as he recalls picking the song on the elevator ride down to his bike after his first kiss with Tony. Tony who hasn’t bothered to return Steve’s calls or answer any of his texts since they kissed two days ago.
“A man who is ready early?” Happy laughs. “Mr. Stark could learn a thing or two from you.”
“Hey, Steve. Hey, do you want me to stay? Petey is with his aunt and uncle. I have the tower to myself until Monday after school. Would… can I stay?”
“Are you going to take him?” Pepper asks, and Tony’s heart clenches again. They’re discussing it so casually. Tony, being a parent, Tony having a child dependent on him. “You’ve changed, you know.” It’s not a question, Pepper is observant, one of his closest friends. Only Rhodey knows Tony better than Pep.
It’s then that Steve realizes he’s been babbling, chastising himself out loud. Giving the thoughts a voice they don’t deserve.
“I’ll bundle up, okay buddy? I’ll stay warm. I promise. Just… sit tight okay babe? I’m on my way.”
But they forgot one thing, and Tony isn’t sure how, because it’s a Halloween Party.
“I jus’… I saw how mean and cruel people could be. I didn’—I don’ like bullies, Tony. I got in so many fights. An’ I got my li’l ass hand’d to me more times ‘an I could count, but I found my best friend that way,” Steve trails off for a second, lifting his head.
“Uh, hi? Peter?” Tony hates the stilted way he speaks in the moment, how everything is a question but right now he is so confused.
“It seems certain you would hardly make it a week, sir,” The fondly exasperated tone of the A.I. isn’t lost on Steve.
“Ye-yeah, that… that works. I bet you’re tired. You go home to Peter.”
Steve stays for a moment, and Tony tries to hide his excitement. This is good, right? Steve is staying because he wants to, because the notes and the texts mean that maybe they can be friends or more than friends.
"It's because I love you, dammit! Why can't you see that?" he bursts out and immediately regrets it. He made a grave mistake.
"But you promised you were going to stay with me," he whispers.
Tony nodded, then selected the show before snuggling up to Steve once again. They relaxed into the sofa, settling in to watch.
Right.
"My sister is in town for the week and we're having dinner together with her family. As much as I love spending time at the tower, it's my sister. She's already messaged me ten times. I'll be back later tonight, probably crash in one of the guest rooms so I'll be here early for the mission. It's simpler than traveling in the early hours of the morning, you know?" Sam explains as he pulls on his jacket and gathers his things.
"Hush. Let me finish. As I was
He'd gotten so used to Tony calling him by his name last night, and it's a very rude awakening.
Now that Rhodey's gone, he takes the chance to look Steve up and down appreciatively. Which, judging by the scowl Steve gives him, it's not being accepted.
Which was exactly Tony's style.
anything to help, imagine how Steve was feeling after actually doing all the hard work.
Tony grinned. "I'm sure Cap will be pleased when he hears the news."
They spend the day together at the tower, watching movies and ordering in. After, well, it certainly wasn't planned, not that Tony was going to go complaining about it.
"I look forward to it, Sir. Our discussions are always worthwhile, but I believe you have someone to speak to. And no, Sir, the penthouse is also locked down and will remain so until you speak to Captain Rogers. You'll find him in the gym, Sir."
He carries on, despite feeling guilty for making Steve feel this way.
When they finally pull away from each other, they're both smiling. Steve looks significantly less stressed and he gives himself a mental pat on the back.
"Yeah. It's up to Tony though."
And he tells Steve that.
"Steve! Steve, he's in here. No! Ty, I don't want you to touch me! Leave me alone! Stop it!" Tony shrieked, edging back until he was against the wall near the mirror, eyes moving around the room wildly and hand held up in the air as if he had his repulsors on. That action must've been his fight or flight instincts kicking into high gear as the adrenaline courses through his veins.
Tony nodded, his breathing slowing down bit by bit.
He feels around for any points of tenderness, gauging Tony's facial expressions and tries to move it slowly to check the range of motion.
Steve suddenly starts laughing and Tony was left feeling confused.
calm.
He regrets it like he regrets most things in his miserable life.
He didn't want Steve to think that he was counting down the hours until he could leave. He promised he would stay, and he was a man of his word, despite what a couple of people who didn't know him all that well would say. Namely, the media.
Tony paused, looking up at their waiter then down at the plate in front of him. "Thank you."
"Why didn't you say anything sooner?" he asked and Steve groaned, shoving his head into Tony's chest.
He cleared his throat.
Steve stood, a wide smile breaking across his face. He slid the ring onto Tony's finger, watching as the silver band glinted in the light of the restaurant.
