Sherlock has water in his eyes and a little in his nose and around his mouth where it is sealed against John’s, and he is anything
John pats him on the back. “Looks like you have this under control. I’m off to the pasty shop for a bite. I’m
“’S late.  I’m sorry—dropping in like this,” John announces.  Then, “Wait.  No.  No, I‘m not.  This is where I’m going.  This is where I’m meattobe.”  He stumbles over his words, feeling drunker now that he was ten minutes ago.
of the breaths—maybe it is the very thing filling his lungs, keeping his wasted heart beating, his aging muscles moving—and maybe this is everything—everything it has always been and everything it might become. John forces his eyes to stay open, to stay fixed.
Sherlock shifts a bit, hand twitching against John’s back before stilling completely.  Then, his fingers move slowly and deliberately against John’s shirt.  John feels himself tilt his head and cannot stop the sleepy smile that comes to his face.  He likes it.  He likes the feel of Sherlock’s hands on him.
“Sherlock,” he says.  “What--” and his voice is barely a breath.  He’s past Sherlock in a beat, lips parted, eyes a bit wet as he touches the railing of the cot, traces a bee trail with his forefinger, runs a thumb along the edge of a lampshade.
.  Sherlock presses even closer, opens his mouth.  Sherlock’s tongue still has a chip of ice in the centre, and holy
Sherlock lifts the hem of his shirt again. He’s still got John’s scarf over the wound, and he winces a little when John pulls it away. “The bleeding’s mostly stopped. That’s good,” he says. Sherlock’s hum sounds more like a grunt. “Your shirt,” he says, needing more access to the area than what he’s got.
He speaks as he moves, dropping his satchel in its spot beneath the coat hooks and removing his shoes.  “Thought I’d never get out of there today. Awful timing for Dr Lin’s daughter’s wedding. Bloody springtime.”
God, he’s tired.  So bloody tired of being angry, of being hurt, and from everything having to be so damn complicated all the time.
John’s knees nearly buckle, and he has to catch himself with a hand on the worktop. He lets out a shaky breath. “Won’t be long.”  Channeling a bravery he doesn’t quite feel, he turns where he stands, facing Sherlock, who does not step back. They are almost touching. Sherlock’s eyes flicker over his face, penetrating, and John feels dissected and reassembled, undone and
A staccato groan comes from Sherlock’s throat. His lips are nearly blue. John feels something inside his chest twist at the sight. Sherlock may be the world’s biggest moron, but he’s paying for it dearly. He looks absolutely miserable.
“That doesn’t bother me, though.  Never has.” And the scent that fills his nostrils is strong--warm, well-worn, and so very close.  Soft wool and tea steam and the smell of carefully controlled fire. It crackles. It feels like home, that voice.  He can touch it with his fingertips if he reaches, soft like velvet. Behind his eyelids, the colours shift and shimmer like lights underwater.
John turns his head from the television when he enters, staring at him with a poor attempt at concealing a smile. “Oh, is it raining?” he asks, entirely smug.
It’s a bone-deep revulsion that he’s trying very hard to get used to.  It’s been a near-constant problem ever since he moved back in with Mary after Christmas.  She’s trying so hard to be normal, and so his he, but—he just can’t seem to manage it.  In his mind, always, is the sound of gunshots, the feeling of betrayal that he just cannot move past.  His jaw clenches, the tips of his fingers tingle, and there goes that jittering of the marrow in his tibias that makes his toes twitch inside his shoes.  Sometimes the sensation will become something like bearable if he simply waits it out, so he does his best to ignore it.  He breathes carefully, praying that the familiar scent of tea will put him right.
Then, there are the weeks once Sherlock is home, whinging a lot, sleeping even more. Sherlock requires near constant tending (time for your meds, just drink the damn tea, no I will not get you a bag of fingers from Molly), which gives John something,
“John, I know it’s--”  Sherlock can’t find his words, so he changes tack.  He steps past John, hand hovering just over his shoulder blade, and opens the farther door, the one to (hopefully) John’s room.
Sherlock has to shake his head to bring himself back to the present. “Oh, erm. It is delicious, Mary, but I’m afraid I over indulged at dinner. Couldn’t possibly—another bite.” His words are coming out a bit slurred—everything running together a little too much. Mary takes their plates to the kitchen and leaves them alone again. He takes another sip, finishing off his glass.
Once they’ve got their mugs in hand, Sherlock follows John back into the sitting room where he has to sidestep the boxes to get to his chair.
John sits, adjusting his pillow behind him a bit, and aims the remote at the television.  The sound is far too loud when it switches on—news at top volume.  John quickly hits mute.  He can fiddle with the volume once he figures out what he wants. He flips to another channel. Soap opera.  No.  Flip.
it must have been unbearable: empty chairs and empty kitchens and empty bedrooms, and empty, empty, empty.  It’s been Sherlock’s penance for five years. He pays it willingly; he has accepted it. There are times enough when the chair is occupied for at least a little while, and those are the treasured days, aren’t they.
The case is a five. Housebreaking-turned-stabbing, missing priceless artwork. It was the soon-to-be ex wife’s lover. The couple had nearly boarded a flight to Budapest when he and John got them. After a bit of a scuffle in the security line at Gatwick, John has the man pinned on the floor. Sherlock has the woman by the arm as Lestrade and (incompetent) company finally catch up.
His feet move for him, and he crosses to where Sherlock is, and then his hand reaches out, running flat over the column of his spine. Sherlock’s muscles twitch and flutter under his touch, and John can’t help but bring his other hand out too, stilling him at his flank. “What?” he says, but it’s only a breath really—not even a whisper.
He looks contrite, meeting her eyes for a beat before looking to his hands where they are folded on his lap.  “I know.”
. He shoves John’s arms into his jacket and hails a taxi. From behind her desk, the travel agent confirms—the nephew is (obviously) listed on the manifest of a cruise ship currently docked at Cozumel.
“Come now, Watson,” Sherlock says, working at keeping the calm in his voice, picking her up as he stands at the open window.  Her body is hot and clammy against his own.  “You’ll only dehydrate yourself further with all of this,” and he brushes a tear from her cheek with his thumb, cleans the wet around her tiny nose.  She sniffles and takes a large pull from her drink.  “That’s it,” he encourages, wiping his hand against his trouser leg.
“Don’t get up. I need the loo anyway.  You don’t have to wait on me, Sherlock. I’m a big boy, and I’ve survived a cold or two before.”
In a panic, Sherlock throws on his clothes as fast as he can, heart nearly bursting in his chest. Why is John out at this hour? Why wasn’t Sherlock with him? Has he been abducted, attacked? On the pavement, he runs.
Sherlock cannot help but to return the smile with one of his own.  “I’ve got Angelo’s warm in the kitchen. Are you hungry?”
He doesn’t really notice Sherlock’s soft sigh as John’s fingers absently stroke through his hair. He also doesn’t notice the drooping of his own eyelids, nor, after only a few minutes more, the book slipping from his fingers.
The shadow gets closer to the glass, and John taps it lightly with two fingers but doesn’t open the door.
On the screen, the protagonists are in a boat. It begins to rain. It’s apparently raining everywhere now—even in the works of fiction. God, Sherlock hates everything. The rain plasters the man’s shirt to his chest, does not make the woman’s makeup run. Good God, are normal people actually entertained by this drivel? Well, John would know.
.  He keeps eyes locked on Sherlock’s as he uses his tongue to catch a stray bit of chocolate that has clung to his top lip.
“It’s the best thing I know how to do,” Sherlock whispers, pressing his nose against John’s cheek.  “Love you.”
Question: Why would Sherlock feel the need to kiss John in the rain simply because he now knows that John likes it?
Right.  . . . There were nearly double the amount of murders in the city of London this year than last.  Knife crimes in particular have skyrocketed--
“John,” Sherlock says.  It sounds like begging.  It sounds like sorry.  It sounds like want.  It sounds like love.
But Sherlock doesn’t finish his question. John’s mouth is on his. The rain is cold on his face, slipping underneath his collar, soaking his hair, but John’s mouth is
“Right. Can you get your shirt off?” John smiles. “I mean—not to sound… but—we’ve got to get you out of these wet clothes.”  If Sherlock recognised the cheesy line, he doesn’t let on. He simply continues to clutch the blanket to his shoulders, fighting against the clacking of his teeth by trying to clamp down on his jaw.
he is able to do what he’s practised with Ella: blow out slow, count, breathe in, count, hold, breathe out.  After three cycles, he’s feeling much better.
Grimy and exhausted, he decides a cool shower might help, so he stands and drags himself to the bathroom.  His clothes peel away from his skin like a wetsuit, damp and clinging, dropping inside out to the floor as Sherlock turns only one tap.  Under the spray, he takes his time, savouring the cool against his heated skin: armpits, wrists, groin.  The suds that slide down his body take the tacky layer of salt and sebum down the drain, and for at least a moment, Sherlock feels clean.
John leads them just to the landing, and Sherlock carefully shuts Rosie’s door.  Neither of them move.
John shuts the door softly, pausing for a moment to check the baby monitor on the dresser.  Sherlock watches his back rise and fall with his breath, the small movements of muscle shifting beneath his skin.  When John turns back around, his eyes are dark, but open.
Bloody perfect.  It sounds so much like Sherlock that he lets out a single bark of humourless laughter.  He can practically hear the lyrics being spoken in Sherlock’s deep baritone rather than Paul Simon’s narrative tenor.  He sips as Simon lays out some very simple options:
“I’ve got some chicken in. You could come to mine. I’ve got to get this one fed and bathed before she turns into a pumpkin,” he says, poking Rosie in the belly as she squirms and laughs.
Also, note how TOTALLY AMAZING youngdarling is for cheering me on and looking this over and basically being the best beta that ever betaed :-)))))  Any remaining mistakes are due to my unnecessary continued noodling without her consent ;-)
Sherlock waves his phone in the air, the glowing face still showing the Google search he’d brought up.
It is wholly unpleasant. While John’s laptop is not in the least a complicated or rare machine—it is the most popular variety, one that this store said both online and over the phone that they did, in fact, carry accessories for—the cable is nowhere in the section with all of the other computer cables. When he finally finds a sales associate to speak with, he knows even less about computers even than Mrs Hudson. They go to the shop computer that calls up the parts inventory to find a serial number. They go back to the display. The associate fumbles through each pegged line of them, dropping several on the floor in the process. The associate calls over another to ask about it. The other associate says that they always have this model, and the computer-to-display process begins afresh.
Sherlock hands him his pajama bottoms and stands, gathering John’s clothes as he goes.  John puts them on, grabs his pillow and duvet from the far end and then sinks into the sofa properly, finding just the right angle for his head so he can breathe through at least one nostril.
“I told you,” John says, thumb brushing at a spot on Sherlock’s arm, just under his shoulder.  “I wouldn’t be here if I wasn’t ready.”  He leans closer, and Sherlock takes a moment to watch his face slacken, lips parted, eyes on his eyes before fluttering closed, and Sherlock leans in, too, pressing his lips to John’s.
Sherlock’s mind is so full of questions he doesn’t know how to ask, and this makes finding the answers even more difficult.  It’s all to do with rather a lot of feelings, and so he loses the thread of the questions before he can get past the words like
In the kitchen, he drops the takeaway on the worktop before crossing over to the sink and washing his hands with the meticulous care of a doctor not keen on sharing the germs from the surgery with his daughter.  Once sufficiently scrubbed, he crosses over to drop a kiss onto Rosie’s forehead.
“Right,” John says. Moving quickly, he clears off the contents of the table, shifting papers, a microscope, a box of slides, and apparently, a container of fingernails, to the worktop and wipes the table with isopropyl alcohol. He lays out the supplies he needs and then crosses to the sink to scrub his hands. He snaps on a pair of gloves and says, “Okay. Let me see.”
against that fragrant spot, and it is astounding.  He opens his mouth for even more of it, letting his tongue press, letting the ice melt, to drip along the seam of his lips and John’s skin.  It is headier than chocolate, richer than cream.
warm.  He scrubs a cheek against a pillow and remembers that he is on the sofa—not in his bed.  He tries stretching a bit, fitting a hand behind his head, attempting to relieve the dull ache in his hip where it has pressed against a too-soft cushion for too long and where the thick seam of his waistband is biting into the skin there. He can’t move much though, because he also realises, he is completely blanketed by his mad flatmate.
There is a long pause, and John watches the flashing ellipses as they come and fade with Sherlock's typing-without-sending.  Sherlock starts and stops typing several times. John stretches out his cramped hand, growing a bit nervous as he waits, hoping he hasn't overstepped.
“Well,” Sherlock shrugs.  “Perhaps a little,” he says, working to keep his voice even, tone light.  He places a large square cube of ice in each of their glasses, and he mixes whiskey with bitters and orange, a small spoonful of syrup.  He pours an equal measure in each glass, along with one gourmet maraschino cherry. “Old fashioneds. Since as of now, everything old is new again.”  He manages a smirk as he hands John his drink.
It’s been a tedious and lengthy process, and much more sentimental an exercise than he had anticipated.  Though he will be glad to have his home back eventually, he does mourn the loss of
Sherlock listens to the water running in the shower, to the small sounds of movement: of bottles clunking against tile, intermittent splatters as a body moves beneath the spray.   John’s body.  Sherlock grins into his pillow and wonders how to translate the rasp of a towel, the clink of a razor, into notes on a violin because this is
? No—he doesn’t want Sherlock to stop. Sherlock moves in impossibly closer, nearly onto John’s lap, nuzzling as he moves his face from John’s neck down to his chest, where he inhales deeply. He fits his hands into John’s armpits, which… is weird.
Light catches, frosting the curve of Sherlock’s cupid’s bow, sweet, and John covers it with his mouth.
John finds a kiosk selling ice lollies, and they make their way to a bench that’s shaded well enough to stop comfortably.  John sits, handing Sherlock Magnum bars for them while offering a unicorn-shaped lolly to Rosie, all bright pink and purple and blue.  Her face lights up instantly as she grasps it tightly by the top rather than the handle.  When John tries to correct her grip, the heavy thing wobbles precariously, nearly toppling to the ground, horn first.
He bungs the Superdrug sack on the coffee table and makes it as far as the sofa. He needs to rest a moment before tackling another flight of stairs. Just for a moment. He just needs to rest his eyes. For just one moment.
“Fuck.  Sherlock.” John’s leg wraps around Sherlock’s arse, crushing them together.  The pressure is incredible.  “
Thank you so much to everyone who has read, kudosed, commented, reblogged, and encouraged.  Y'all rule!
“Let me see,” John says, stepping in closer to get a better look. Sherlock rolls his eyes but complies, pulling his shirttails from his trousers and lifting the hem enough for John to see the wound. It’s started drizzling, and John has to blink the wet from his eyes. The cut is maybe three inches wide, not too deep, not bleeding too badly, but, “You need stitches,” he tells Sherlock.
John shakes his head slowly, swigs the last of the drink, and sets it on the table in front of him.  He barely moves as he listens to the rest.  Every word feels like the answer, like taking back his freedom is the simplest thing in the world.  Maybe it is.
Sherlock hums in agreement as John starts the water, surrendering to his tired body as it sinks into the mattress.  He hasn’t been this comfortable in days.  His eyes drift shut once more to the sounds of the spray against tile and the occasional splash or clunk of a plastic bottle, to the homey scent of John’s soap drifting beneath the door.  He opens them again when the water shuts off, and he turns his damp head to watch that indistinct John shadow put on his bathrobe.
“Hey,” he says.  “I’m calling it an early night; get some sleep while Her Nibs allows it.  I’m bloody knackered.”
He lurches upwards to a sharp jolt just left of centre.  Beeping. Everything is loud again. The colours are back, blue and lighter blue and something like water filling his lungs, stopping his breath.  He tries to cough against it and gags, gasps, can’t lift his hands to fight. He’s lost the voice, the fingers, the scent. He must control the panic.  He’s losing him.
“Ah, John,” Sherlock says, folding an opened book over the arm of his chair.  “Was I expecting you?”
After an annoying advert for loo roll, the music starts up, and John takes a step back. He holds out his hand.
He switches on a lamp as he wends his way around the waist-high stack of boxes Mrs Hudson sent up from the basement last week.  She’d had the workmen in to fix a broken pipe. They were saved, she’d said, just in the nick of time. The mould would have destroyed their contents if she’d left them, she’d said.
Sherlock frowns a little, hums. “Out of practise,” he says. His hand moves to his abdomen as he crosses to his chair in a bit of a hunch.
He manages to turn off his brain and let the dull buzz of alcohol take the edge off his still-rattled nervous system.  Just as he’s finishing his beer, a group of blokes just in from what must be a pick-up rugby victory take over the telly area.  They are raucous and jovial and the last thing he feels like dealing with.
The snow started sometime between Baker Street and John’s house, while they were underground.  They emerge from the station to a world being covered. Large, lacy flakes swirl in the air, and as they walk, they stick to their lashes, make their way into nostrils and the seams of their lips.
It doesn’t take much time to get the stitches in and to get the wound dressed, and before long, John is back over to the sink, binning his gloves and washing his hands again.
.  Sacrifice.  Pain.  Redemption.  Sherlock’s breath is coming with gale force, in and out, a small whimper as his mouth finds John’s shoulder, lips in an open press.
As they step up to the front door, John laughs, touselling Sherlock’s hair.  “You’re covered,” he says, and the snow flutters down, adding to what’s already there.  It crunches beneath their feet.
The sound that comes from John’s throat sounds like a growl.  He swallows dryly.  “You planned my wedding,” John says, and his face falls and falls as he puts the pieces together, begins to understand.
Sherlock is panting when he reaches him. “Are you all right?” he asks, short, clipped, body still buzzing with panic.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea, Sherlock.”  His knuckles are bruised, she can tell.  She wants to not want to know why.
He starts awake at the feeling of a hand on the back of his shoulder.  He doesn’t have to open his eyes to know that John is standing over him, radiating warmth and smelling of soap and toothpaste, but he opens them anyway.  Sherlock is too tired to stop himself from looking, tracing the lines of John’s neck and shoulders, chest lightly dusted with hair, the line of coarser hair, a bit darker, that is swallowed eventually by a low-slung towel.
“Not by a bloody mile,” the voice says.  There is a pressure on his forehead, a soft thrum of warmth that tugs lightly at his hair.  It’s like his own fingers on the strings of his violin, a quiet sound, precious, unmistakable, lovely in its familiarity.  He’s known it for almost his entire life.
John’s hands are nearly at his waist, stroking the skin there, and he realises he’s just touching to touch now. He doesn’t pull back. “Why, then?” John asks. “You said it wasn’t a game.”
Clearing his throat, John follows suit, dragging the other chair behind, close enough that he has to spread his knees to accommodate the space of Sherlock’s body in front of him.
Before John knows what’s happened, the bartender is shouting for last call. It’s gone two hours. He and Mike bid their farewells, vowing to not let it go so long before doing this again.  Mike cuffs him on the arm when he’s getting into his taxi, and with a wink tells him, “Get on home to your mad scientist.”
He blinks, and finds he must clear his voice before actually using it.  With a small smile, he manages, “Any time, John.” And he means it to his bones, knows its truth:
Sherlock hums, turning his attention back to the screen. They watch the entire programme, Sherlock commenting on the proceedings with more expertise and genuine enthusiasm than John would have guessed.
His own voice is strong now as he replies, interrupting.  “You’re lying.  You do know.”  He thinks he might be smiling.
). His mind feels as beige as the walls around him. Just then, Mary comes in from the kitchen with her own glass of wine, brushing hair out of her eyes with a sweep of her hand.
“Oh, getting a bit posh there, are you?”  John is teasing a little, but is mostly amused, lines of delight crinkling at his eyes.
It takes another twenty minutes to get through the queue, and when he finally steps out onto the pavement into the sea of shoppers and tourists, it feels something like freedom. The sun is shining weakly overhead and the breeze is just enough to stir the curls at his fringe as he walks to meet John. He gets a text on the way. From John.
“I want you in my bed,” Sherlock says, hands tracing the line of John’s ribcage, smoothing down the fabric of his jumper.  “If you want that.”
“Where’d you get to?” John asks, deflecting, but genuinely curious all the same. He points to the pizza, and Sherlock nods, so John gets down another plate for him.
Sherlock listens again to John’s footsteps, mentally tracking them as he turns off lights and makes his way back up the stairs.  His eyes shut once more, and then he, like Rosie, sleeps.
Mary comes in with the pudding. Sherlock feels himself straighten up, pull his feet in closer to the chair, cross one leg over the other. She hands Sherlock a plate with a generous slice of banoffee pie, sets one for John and one for herself on the coffee table and curls in next to John again. Mary reaches for her plate, sectioning off a large bite and putting it in front of John’s face. It’s
Wiping dusty hands on his trousers, Sherlock gathers some of the litter he’s sorted.  He fits the stack of boxes under one arm and does his best with the straining plastic of the bin bags stuffed with far too much paper in.  His middle finger rips a hole, but it catches at the knot at the top, reinforced where it’s gathered together. It should hold. He balances himself thinking he can probably make it in one go without disaster.  Turning to go, he barks his shin against the last two of the boxes on his way out. The top one teeters but he braces it with his knee to stop it falling, and once it’s stilled its wobbling, he carries his load to the stairs and down.
Get on the train, Wayne,” John says to himself.  He snorts, managing to bite back the full-throated laugh that springs up at his own stupid joke.
On the walk home, it starts raining again, and he feels like he’s soaked though, inside and out. Sherlock quickly faffs off in another direction just as John turns toward the Superdrug. Blinking water from his eyes, John starts to call after him but is thwarted by his damn cough. Whatever. John can’t be bothered. So, he makes his way inside alone, gets enough Lemsip to down a horse, and splurges on the good tissues—the thick ones with the moisture balm in. He gets the double pack, two hundred two-ply white flags of surrender to this damn cold.
“Thanks,” John says, and he means it. He manages one more sip before he has to set it down, coughing again, his entire body convulsing with it, and he
Outside, the drizzle is cool on his face, uncomfortably wet, but it does help clear his mind somewhat. He watches a family walk together through the front door of a house down the street; he can hear their laughter, a dog barking from inside. He folds himself into the back of the taxi and gives his address, and when he shuts the door, the only sound over the engine is the rain beginning in earnest.
“Hello, Watson.  I see you’re busy building your empire.  Don’t let me stop you.” He bends to run a hand along her hair, tweaking her ear a bit.
Rosie has been crying for the better part of an hour, refusing to be put down for a long-overdue nap.
“You have no idea,” John replies, lifting back to look him fully in the face.  He settles just to the side so it’s easier for him to reach out and trace Sherlock’s brow with his fingers, then down the slope of his nose, over his cupid’s bow.  Sherlock kisses him there, on the pads of his fingers, chaste, soft.  “How
“Give Watson a kiss from me.”  Sherlock’s lip curls at the corner. Something like fondness softens the lines at his eyes.
He moves into the lounge, opening up Facebook to kill just a little more time as he finishes his tea.  Stamford’s family are on holiday in Spain,
“How much of an imposition would it be if--” He shakes his head.  It feels like the next thing he says should matter, and he doesn’t want to bungle it.  He knows what he wants to do. He forces his head up, back to that blazing face, and says, “If I wash those sheets now, they’ll be ready for tonight.  That okay?”
.  He and Sherlock had discussed his going back to Mary as a part of some sort of grand plan to keep her monitored and threat-neutral until after the baby came.  It made so much sense at the time, so he’d prepared his words about the memory stick and had swallowed down his revulsion as he embraced her in the Holmes’s lounge on Christmas day.  He was so pleased with himself then.  He thought he could do it, could go through the motions and play nice, pretend that he wanted the life he’d built with her, but he’s so far removed from wanting that life, from wanting her, that the pretending isn’t even worth it anymore.
In the kitchen, John wastes no time picking up the plates and setting them down at the table, shifting miscellaneous glassware and two days’ of newspapers out of the way for both of them.  Sherlock pours the now-boiling water into the waiting mugs and brings them to the table with milk and sugar.  Once sat, he eats, letting the crunch of vegetables and crisps fill the silence.
After a witness interview, they stop at a café for hot drinks and to hopefully let the rain pass. John tries, really
When he reaches the front steps of 221, it is to Sherlock sitting on them, elbows on his knees and fingers steepled beneath his chin. “All right, Sherlock?” he asks.
“Beer,” Sherlock says, and John goes to the kitchen.  Sherlock brings the fire to life and sits in his chair.
gives his brain something productive to focus on.  He doesn’t have to keep what he doesn’t want. He doesn’t have to stay where he doesn’t want to be.  He takes photos of the coffee table, end tables, lamps, armchairs--all of it. Each goes up on his Facebook page with low-ball pricing (OBO).
It is so good.  They breathe with open mouths, lips touching, tongues dipping, flicking.  They lace their hands together between them, creating a just-right space, and then, they move, thrust, slide—together.  Sherlock’s legs wrap tightly around John’s waist, toes curling, heels pressing them close as they move, thrust, slide and move, thrust, slide, better and better and better, and there, yes
Sherlock presses his lips together. “Tired,” he says with more honesty than John was expecting. “But okay.”
known.  Has she read things wrong—again?  No.  No.  Despite what even she thinks sometimes, she’s not
. He moves his hands to Sherlock’s legs, rubbing them warm from thigh to calf, wrapping his fingers around the jutting bone of Sherlock’s still-freezing ankle, arch, toes. Sherlock hums again, presses himself into John, cold toes against the sides of his thighs when John puts his hands on Sherlock’s back, stroking slow circles for comfort, for warmth—but really, it’s muscle and taut flesh and so much of what John never allowed himself to want before. He’s drowning in it.
Sherlock nods, but he holds John’s gaze enough to acknowledge what just happened.  John doesn’t look away.
Another careful exhale, and he lifts his head, throws off the duvet, and the sudden cool rush of moving air helps settle him further.  It doesn’t last long. There is no breeze coming through the window. No relief at all. He yanks his shirt off by the back of his collar and uses the bottom hem to swipe at his face and chest before tossing it into the hamper in the corner.
“Mmm,” John hums; he thinks so, too.  To be honest, it all looks even better than he thought it would, like it was made for this space: rustic blue ticking stripes on one side, coordinating tartan on the other.  It smells strongly
Sherlock knows the only way is forward.  If he’s learnt anything over the past months and years, it is that everything will change.  It is what it is. He hopes what it is--is
“Hello there, sweetness!”  He says brightly, and at the same time, within the same motion, he squeezes the top of Sherlock’s arm.
“Yeah,” he says, and he orders a lager.  He doesn’t much feel like making idle chitchat with strangers or the bartender, so he takes his pint to a little side bench in the back near a telly showing football highlights.
John laughs. “I know what you mean. Last week, Sherlock decided he needed to test blunt-force impact patterns by filling mannequin heads with cherry jelly and whacking them with a cricket bat. Red slime everywhere. Got a massive glob of it in my hair two days later as I was reading the paper—it had fallen from the bloody ceiling.”
While the kettle boils, she decides to just get on with it.  She knows she should get something solid in her belly, so she puts some bread in the toaster, and if that stays where it’s put, perhaps an egg or some yoghurt later.  She feeds the cat, puts on clothes, ties her hair back; none of it requires enough thinking.   Too much room is left for mulling over brilliant and dashing and probably-gay, drug addict friends and
In the bathroom, he stuffs his kit with soap, shampoo, and that stuff the stylist talked him into last time he went in.  Toothbrush, toothpaste, floss. Cologne. Anything else? Shaving cream and his razor, extra blades (wouldn’t want to cut himself on a dull one), and he can see it bloom in his vision, a spreading pool of red against a white carpet.
He lets himself in, but before he can call up, Sherlock meets him on the landing with a finger to his lips.
John closes his eyes and steels himself for what he knows he’s got to do next. He reaches up to feel Sherlock’s pants, hand flat against Sherlock’s left arse cheek. They are, thankfully, dry. John’s thumb, without his permission, rubs against the jutting block of ice that is Sherlock’s hipbone. Sherlock sighs again, mumbles something incoherent as John catches himself. He pulls his hand away quickly, grabbing the pajama bottoms and working Sherlocks’ uncooperative legs into them. When he’s got them worked up to his thighs, Sherlock lifts his hips, and instantly, John feels heat rise in his cheeks. John turns his face sharply to the ceiling. He takes a breath and pulls them the rest of the way up without looking. When he’s done, his hands stubbornly refuse to leave the freezing skin of Sherlock’s waist until he expressly commands them to, busying them by reaching for the towel on the table.
Just under his ear, along the damp line of his nape, Sherlock blows out carefully--Arctic cool, blissful contrast, relief, comfort; a whisper, a question.  “John, I--”
an idiot. She’d thought they’d come to an understanding—after that day with new skeleton and the train man.  He’d been so kind after.  He kissed her cheek.  He
Sherlock takes another breath, hitching a bit and stretching to accommodate his new stitches. It’s maybe a full minute of silence and quiet breaths and being close enough to share heat without touching at all, but eventually Sherlock speaks. “It wasn’t a
Sherlock’s brows come together in an expression of confusion that she wouldn’t have thought him capable of.  “What about John?”
He takes a deep breath.  “I had to.  Believe me—I would never have done it if it wasn’t important.  I hope you know that.  It was part of a twisted… game--played out by a sick person.”  He pauses.
And, then, the couple is kissing, water soaking them through—making them only more attractive. Every drip, every rivulet, aesthetically designed for optimal romantic allusion. Misty atmosphere, hazy focus, open mouths. And inside, the couple makes love without squelching or slipping or anything that remotely resembles anything factual at all. Sex is boring enough. And though the entertainment industry has made millions on sensationalising it,
“Former gymnast,” Sherlock had said at one point in the investigation, and true enough. Even Sherlock had struggled a bit to vault fences and cars fast enough to keep up, and since John had only just got back in the chasing-dangerous-men-down-alleyways business when Sherlock returned a couple months ago, he was still well out of practise.
When Sherlock shuffles back to the sofa, he’s got his entire duvet wrapped around him. He looks—well, he looks absurd:  disheveled hair flat on one side, insane on the other, two days of patchy stubble, skin freshly pink on his cheeks from scrubbing.  He smells faintly of soap, and there is the tiniest bit of toothpaste caught in the corner of his lip.
John knows he will have some difficult decisions ahead when he comes back to do this for real--pack.  Now, though; this is simple. He mentally goes through his coming week and picks out the shirts and trousers, socks and underwear that will get him through, and he packs a bag.
Sherlock is on fire, needing more.  He lets fingers find that spot at the base of John’s spine again, delighted at the feeling down his own spine as John keens.  And then, he goes lower.
One of the couples dances a waltz. “No, no, no!” Sherlock shouts at the screen. “Didn’t even master the arm positions!” He takes a large bite of chicken. Around it, he continues his rant. “What sort of choreographer can’t even manage that much? This
With hands clasped loosely behind his back as he calmly looks on, John doesn’t look bothered in the least. In fact, Sherlock rather suspects that he is enjoying this. For that reason alone, Sherlock refrains from an out-loud deduction of internet porn addiction in the first associate and irritable bowel in the second. He does his best to appear patient and collected, though what he wants is to storm the storeroom himself, find the bloody cable, and
“Couldn’t sleep. Even London’s criminals are too hot and miserable to do anything interesting.”  He sweeps around him in a lazy, dismissive hand gesture.  With a groan, he lets his head loll fully back against his chair.  "Not sure I blame them."
Sherlock doesn’t stop to consider what he does next.  There have been too many moments like this, too many almosts, too many interruptions, too many unsaid words, too many wasted opportunities.  He can’t
Sherlock ignores him as a large droplet of rainwater falls from his hair onto the carpet with a soft
He pads back into the living room and falls to the sofa, back to the world. John is still watching the television. Sherlock sighs. John does not ask him anything. John doesn’t even make him a cup of tea. Sherlock is cold and frustrated and
“You look ridiculous, you know,” John says, raising an eyebrow.  He makes a general gesture to Sherlock’s face and says, “Toothpaste,” not quite managing to fully stifle the upward quirk of his lips at this (albeit small) mark of progress in the state of Sherlock’s personal hygiene.
Sherlock flings a hand out wildly to his night table, nearly yanking the drawer completely out in his haste, but his fingers find it in fairly short order.  John squeezes some into his hand and slowly spreads slick over Sherlock’s flesh in soft slides and tender circles, gathering a bead of dripping precome and licking it from his thumb, tongue darting out to lick his lips as his smile goes wicked.  He coats himself as well, and then he presses them together.
Sometimes, he breaks things.  His hands tremor violently around mugs of tea and plates of take away. He sweeps up millions of shards, white and sharp, from the kitchen floor—so much of what once was whole that now isn’t.
“There’s more broth if you want,” Sherlock says.  “Or tea. You should probably take some more medicine, too.” He shifts, readying to move, but John holds out a hand.  His medicine has indeed worn off, and he coughs and coughs, shaking his head.
Sherlock stops suddenly at a kiosk, ordering a coffee for himself and a tea for John. He hands John his cup as he sidesteps to the attached shelf for add-ins. Sherlock slides the insulated carafe of milk over to John as he shakes out two packets of sugar and dumps them into his own cup.
“I know,” Sherlock says. He breathes against John’s ear. They sway for a bit longer before Sherlock adds, “I have a plan.”
John breathes, lets the moment linger, lets himself enjoy it.  He feels his own lip curl, just a little. “Would you mind helping Rosie wash her hands?  I’ll lay the table.”
rising up, billowing plumes that fill his heart, his head, his body.  It’s electric, it’s devastating, it’s
“Oh,” John says, leaning away.  “Oh, no.  We’ve got a unicorn down over here.”  And sure enough, the half-eaten lolly has slid completely down to the pavement.  Rosie’s world has ended.
“Everything old is new again,” John says.  He squares his shoulders and nods his head, coaxing Sherlock’s glass up with his gaze.
“Funny, I had that exact thought earlier,” Sherlock says, mouth quirking up, reaching to sweep thumbs along each of John’s cheeks, the curved ridge of bone under his eyes.  “John Watson cannot possibly fathom how long and how much I have loved him.”
But Sherlock is not, to John’s surprise, shoving his arms into a fresh shirt. No—in fact, Sherlock is standing rather awkwardly outside his bedroom door, looking a bit lost. When his eyes light on John, he smiles. “Good,” he says. He reaches out and takes John by the wrist, hauling him close. “You’re coming,” he says against John’s lips, and John smiles wide as he lets Sherlock lead him inside.
It’s slightly cooler in the kitchen than the garret but not by much; the absence of a window here keeps the air stagnant.  Not wanting to wake Sherlock, he works only by the cooker hood lamp they always keep on, but the squeak of a cupboard hinge makes him wince when he opens it.  Glass down, he fills it from the filtered pitcher they keep in the fridge. His entire body relaxes into the cool slide of water down his throat.  He fills the glass again and dampens a clean dishcloth to run over his face and neck.
Then, Sherlock is handing him a mug of something steaming. “Bone broth,” Sherlock explains. “It’s supposed to help.”
He orders another lager at the bar and decides to peruse the jukebox just opposite, which might just be the only good thing about this place.  Its selection is eclectic though not without a bit of a niche—mostly a mixture of nineties alternative with a smattering of classic rock and one or two top forty choices.  He fishes in his pockets for his wallet, feeds the thing a fiver, and starts making choices.
, Sherlock.”  He must know that she won’t stand for this. That he cannot continue to treat her this way.
She sits next to John on the sofa, curls her legs under her and presses into his side. John switches his wineglass hand so he can fit an arm around her. His thumb brushes little circles on her shoulder, creasing the fabric, and Sherlock watches as she half-closes her eyes and leans into the touch. When she brings up her hand to wrap around his, her engagement ring catches the lamplight just right, sparkling brightly. Sherlock takes a sip of wine. She begins talking about the wedding—beginning plans, run-downs of possible venues, florists, bakers, caterers, dresses. Sherlock has already begun doing a bit of research on venues himself, so it is easy to go over with her (them) the pros and cons of each space—this one too open, that one too stuffy, this one won’t allow outside catering, that one will provide tables and chairs.
“True,” the voice says.  “You play the violin when you’re thinking.  Sometimes you don’t talk for days on end.”
, but it sends a spike of something like molten lava running from the very top of his head straight down to his toes. He lets out a gasp before he can stop himself. What is happening?
He wishes it wasn’t too warm for a fire, which would at the very least, give him something with which to occupy himself.  He checks the baby-proofing on the cupboards, runs his finger along the curved edge of the new table. The entire flat smells new, of fresh paint, clean.
John knows what he wants.  It’s all right here in front of him.  The real question is if he is ready for the risk.  He meets Sherlock’s eyes and holds.
.  He steps to the mantel, placing the card next to the glass phoenix.  As he does, the light from the kitchen shines through it just so, and for a moment, his thumb is painted in fiery orange light.
--and Sherlock’s teeth graze his shoulder, stutter against the fabric there as he grunts John’s name, and it is, it is, it is music.
At the end of his street and around the corner is a pub.  His local, though there’s a better one two streets over that he usually goes to.  Inside, it’s dim, the garish glow of fingerprint-smeared fruit and blackjack machines the most lively looking sight by far.  Vinyl signs for Foster’s and Strongbow frame a St George’s Cross above the bar, which he knows from experience will be slightly sticky; the place is fairly repugnant.  But, better than home—or rather,
“Is that your peas thing?” Sherlock asks, voice low in his ear. His chin is nearly resting on John’s shoulder, his cheek nearly brushing John’s cheek.
John reaches out again, index finger curved against Sherlock’s lower lip just as it was earlier today, but this time, he does not move it away. He does not move away.
The music is muffled as he passes Mrs Hudson’s door, and he can hear her humming along, the faint clank of crockery as she works.  He braces himself against the cold when he opens the door, and though it’s the work of only a minute or two, getting the boxes and rubbish in their respective bins, it’s long enough that his whole body sighs with relief to be back indoors.  He stomps his feet and allows himself a shudder, like a bird puffing its feathers in the warmth.
Sherlock eventually goes for a cartoon version of stealth, sliding in from the other side of the sofa, butting his head against John while he stretches out his legs for leverage against the far arm.  He doesn’t really fit like that, though. Sherlock pushes and stretches for more space, ramming his head first into John’s shoulder, then his arm, and finally against the top of John’s thigh.  He bounces it a few times before a measured and impressive grinding of the back of his skull into the space between John’s quadricep and femur.  It
Sherlock has been in this strop for two solid days at this point, and John is tired of avoiding the lounge.  He knows Sherlock will be back in the game soon, manic and demanding and brilliant, but the waiting is getting annoying.  John worked a long shift at the surgery today.  He’s bloody knackered, and now--there is a documentary on channel four that he’d been looking forward to, and—well.  Sherlock can be in a strop, but he cannot hog the sofa.  He can bloody well
In the taxi, John’s knee presses into his, and they ride in easy silence back home.  John’s got a dark patch of sweat along his shirt collar that curves down his chest, the skin above it still gleaming with moisture.  Sherlock wonders what it would feel like against the pad of his thumb, how it would taste.  He allows his eyes to linger, easy now, safe, because John’s eyes are closed against the breeze coming in through the taxi window.
are you doing?” John asks when he approaches, his own teeth chattering from the five minute walk from the pub. He can’t imagine Sherlock is even remotely functional.
, and Dr Lin is posting official wedding photos.  Harry has posted her third inspirational quote of the day, and he unfollows an old high school mate who posted a racist cartoon.  He scrolls and scrolls until a posting from a former coworker selling a bedstead for fifty quid makes him pause. Now, that’s an idea.
“I meant it,” John says, face going more serious.  He strokes Sherlock’s face, brushing the fringe off his forehead and scratching lightly at his temples.  “I love you.”
“They’re cute,” John replies with a shrug.  But also, this is the kind of plotless thing he doesn’t have to focus too much on; he doesn’t need to give it his full attention. If he sleeps, he sleeps, and all the better if he does.  Sherlock sits next to him, crisscrossing his legs, sitting as though he’s on the ground. His attention is back on his phone.  John sips from his mug, feeling—not better, but more content anyway.  He sniffs. And coughs. He has to hold a tissue to his nose to catch snot before it drips down his face.
. He finishes his glass and lets Mary pour him another. It is easy to stay quiet. He has nothing to say anyway.
John settles astride him, hands trailing lightning up and down the back of Sherlock’s thighs, rocking himself against Sherlock’s length, and they moan together.  John rocks again, leaning down to suck marks on Sherlock’s neck, breath hot on Sherlock’s ear as he sucks a lobe.  He shifts to rub his hand along Sherlock’s penis, fingers light as they brush him silly; Sherlock’s very nail beds vibrate with it.  “Do you have lube?”
. He goes up the stairs two at a time. Sherlock’s fingers come to touch his own lips as he blinks the rain from his eyes. He smiles. He follows.
Rosie is sleeping, sweaty curls stuck to her forehead, but her breathing is sweet and even. John adjusts the angle of the little fan by her window and steps right back out, not wanting to tempt fate (or rather, a soundly sleeping toddler).
“Had a few appointments. Then I met with Lestrade about a possible case, but that turned into nothing.”
“Sherlock,” John moans.  His fingers tighten, pulling just a bit.  “Sherlock, stop.  I’m going to come.”  His fingers stroke Sherlock’s crown, down his cheek, and Sherlock pulls off but stays close.
It’s John’s lips, wrapped so softly around his top lip, gentle, and then it’s his tongue tip flickering against Sherlock’s cupid’s bow.  It’s John’s breath in his mouth.  It’s the glide of John’s tongue along the slick inner skin of his upper lip, down with a flick against the bottom one.  It’s the seal of their lips, the slide, the suck.  It’s John’s tongue against his own, dipping in deep, licking, licking, licking to match the rising and falling of Sherlock’s chest.
She’s in the middle of a diatribe on what is likely the latest nursery school scandal, or her plans for world domination, sincerely moved by
But for the soft light from his bedside lamp, it’s fully dark and quiet when he opens his eyes later that night.  His hair is now dry except for where new sweat has soaked the curls at his nape.  He rolls a bit, groaning at the scratch of the duvet under his shoulders and backside where it has gone tacky and uncomfortable. He tries to just ignore it, to sleep again, but he can’t.  He desperately needs both a trip to the loo and some water, so he sits up with an exhausted sigh.
Sherlock shifts a bit, and John thinks he might be moving away. “Stay, Sherlock,” he says, stretching his other leg out with his first one, letting both his feet rest in Sherlock’s lap, sinking a little more deeply into the sofa.
,” and he presses himself back into Sherlock’s fingers and then forward against Sherlock’s erection, and Sherlock’s vision sparks with pleasure.  He would do anything,
supposed to mean?  The taxi drives off before John can say anything, so John shrugs his shoulders to himself and starts the chilly walk home, bending his head down to keep his face out of the drizzle.
“Forever.”  It’s a whisper.  Sherlock strokes John’s chin, thumb over his bottom lip, and small lines of worry begin tugging at the edges of his mouth and eyes.  “This isn’t the most ideal space for a three year old,” Sherlock says.
John feels his heart rate increase a bit as he feels an initial urge to bolt away—but he stops himself.  There
Also note my tag about events from s4 only being used to serve my own purposes.  In this verse, TFP never happened.
This box appears to be one of several that Mycroft’s minions packed years ago, from the house on Montague Street.  Before rehab. Before John. An entire lifetime ago. He can hear a clock tick somewhere, and he thinks about the time passed, so much happened to leave him back almost exactly where he’d started--in a cluttered flat, alone.  Well, minus the drugs of course (now, finally, for good this time).
“I could,” John says. “I could have allergies.” He almost gets away with the statement before he’s coughing again, wet and barking.
, he thinks, and the corner of his mouth turns up without his permission.  It happens often enough to make the in-between times manageable. It keeps him right.  It keeps the chair what it
John looks at Sherlock until he comes into proper focus.  It takes a few seconds, but there—there he is.  “There you are,” he says.  His stomach flips and churns, so he takes another sip to try and settle it down.  It works a little.
John sighs, bunging his teabag in the sink and pouring milk into his cup. He pinches the bridge of his nose. Exasperated. Sherlock waits.
that requires the banging of her sippy cup against the tray like a judge’s gavel when John lets himself in, arms full with a sack of takeaway in one and work satchel in the other.
“You,” John begins, mouth tight.  He purses his lips, taking in air through his nose, shaking his head slowly.  “You wrote to me.”  John’s wide eyes pin Sherlock in place as he steps closer.
They return to Baker Street exhausted and filthy.  Sherlock toes off his shoes immediately, wrenching the sewer-damp socks from his feet.  He strips the rest of his muddy clothes in the bedroom, and he hears the hiss of the shower starting in the bathroom.  He’ll give John first go.  As he waits, he is fully aware of how dirty he is.  He considers standing, but his legs don’t want to do that anymore.  So, wearing only his underwear, he carefully places himself on top of the very edge of his duvet, avoiding his pillows and trying his level best not to breathe in too deeply.  He can smell his
Sherlock is out when he returns that evening. John rings to order a pizza for delivery and pours himself a generous whiskey. He waits until he’s paid for his pizza before pouring another. Sherlock comes in just as he’s fitting the stopper back in the top of the bottle. Sherlock looks at him, eyes doing that thing where they move too quickly to track, and John knows that the entire story of his day is written all over every single thing about him. He’s always so laid-bare when it comes to Sherlock. The whiskey makes it easier not to mind.
The open windows in the living room are fully useless, but he stands at them for a moment anyway, eager for any sort of movement, listening carefully, hopefully, for the sounds of the storm forecasted to put an end to this misery.  When this proves entirely futile, it’s to the sofa to see if he can at least find a cool spot in his Mind Palace.  It helps a little.
It isn’t the first time he’s stood before this wardrobe and packed this very bag.  Ages ago.  Yesterday.  His hand trembles, and he opens and closes a fist, willing it calm.  Sherlock is fine. He is
Their glasses clink together lightly, and they sip.  It is delicious, the perfect balance of sweet and bitter and burn.  Sherlock takes another fortifying sip.
“I,” John says, moving close, voice low and rough, hand threading in the hair above Sherlock’s ear, thumb rubbing circles against his sweaty temple. “Have wanted you.”  His breath shakes as he exhales through his nose, inhales deep, steps in close.  His forehead drops against the the centre of Sherlock’s chest, and Sherlock can only hold on, gliding his sweat slick hand to the back of John’s arm, cradling his nape with the other.  John hums, head rocking slowly there before he looks back to Sherlock’s eyes.  “For
Sherlock sits very straight for about ten seconds before, apparently, officially acknowledging the continuance of the most passive territory battle in history.  Abruptly, he shifts so that he is leaning against John, pressing soundly against him, shoulder-to-shoulder and hip-to-hip, using his heels against the seat to provide even more leverage.  Sherlock thinks he can annoy John away to his armchair.  Well—
“It was best that you didn’t know. Hard enough. I’d already caused you enough pain and ruined everything so spectacularly. You were happy—not with me at that minute, certainly, but—happy. And—I’d
At home, she changes clothes and starts chopping onions and garlic.  Everything good starts that way, right?   Best to keep her hands and mind busy for at least a couple more hours.  She switches on the radio while she’s at it and does her best to sing along.  Avoid thinking about any of it.  Beyoncé lyrics.  She can do Beyoncé lyrics.
Sherlock smiles against his mouth, nips his bottom lip, hooks his thumb under the elastic—and slides John’s pyjama bottoms off.  John’s head arches back on the pillow.
“Nightmare?” Sherlock asks softly, breaking the silence.  He did try to keep his voice quiet, but John startles anyway.
There are weeks where he is at Baker Street alone, Sherlock still in hospital as his body works at knitting itself back together, doing its best to repair the damage from the bullet that blew a bloody hole in everything that has ever been important to John. “Trust issues” doesn’t even
“F-f-feels nic-ce,” he says. “Wa-ar-mm-m.” John can’t help but quirk his lips into a small smile. Sherlock is rarely so vulnerable, so straight-forward about the needs of his body. John rubs his back a bit for some friction, and though he can’t tell any difference in the temperature of Sherlock’s skin under his hand, Sherlock’s eyes close and he lets out a shaky sigh. Something like emotion makes its way into John’s throat; he swallows against it as he reaches for the dry tee-shirt. Sherlock lets him pull it over his head. It reminds him a bit of dressing one of Harry’s babydolls when he was a kid—the way Sherlock’s arms fairly refuse to bend, and he has to stretch the fabric out in odd angles to get them through the sleeves.
He leans down and kisses John with all the tenderness he can.  His lips are still touching John’s when he asks, “What do you want?”  It’s a whisper.
The drizzle is barely enough to make John swipe at his face as they leave from informing Mrs Haggard of the disreputable whereabouts of her nephew. Conditions aren’t optimal. Perhaps the rain will pick up on the way home. Sherlock suggests walking.
“I meant it, too,” Sherlock says, bringing his own hand to trace John’s lips and cheek, lighting at his nape.  “And, I will mean it.  Forever.”
It is growing dark as they step on from the platform to the train that will take them back to the city. There are two open seats, but the carriage is crowded. They have to sit close enough that their bodies are touching at the thighs. They sit in an easy silence, and then Sherlock’s stomach growls.
She leaves for work early, hoping for a distraction.  Having her wrists deep in poor Mrs Kellings, unknown cause, will require more of her than just sitting here, thinking too much about things she cannot change, willing her twisting stomach to settle.
And then John feels the weight of it, too. His heart drops with the memory of his and Sherlock’s dance lesson, of his first dance with Mary at their wedding. John clears his throat, and Sherlock turns to look at him.
“It’s all right, sweetness,” John tells her, and he wheels the pushchair away enough to keep her foot from trailing in the mess, pulling wet wipes from the pushchair pocket to do the best he can with them.  “I think it’s best we head back home, yeah?”
Dean was distracted until the last DA meeting before Christmas. He and Harry went to the Room of Requirement early, and were very glad they did. Dobby had taken it upon himself to decorate the room for the holidays and had strung up hundreds of golden baubles from the ceiling, each one showing a picture of Harry’s face and bearing the words: HAVE A VERY HARRY CHRISTMAS!
The gargoyle sprang to life and hopped aside, as the wall behind it. Behind the wall, a spiral staircase was moving smoothly upwards like an escalator. They stepped onto it and rode it upwards, higher and higher in circles until they came to a gleaming oak door with a brass knocker in the shape of a griffon.
Dean nodded and paused in the Entrance Hall, caught between wanting to go down to the Shrieking Shack and keeping his promise to Cas. The promise won out and he headed up to History of Magic.
‘Eat dung, Malfoy,’ said Ron, going the same colour as his dress robes, as he snatched them back from Malfoy.
‘Side-Along Apparition,’ said Moody. ‘In and out, nice and quick.’ His magical eye was pointing up through the ceiling. ‘No one on the roof.’
'Madame Maxime was with him, we've been in touch with her and she says they got separated on the journey home - but there's he's hurt or - well, nothing to suggest he's not perfectly okay.’
Here, look,’ Mr Diggory held up a wand. ‘Had it in her hand. So that’s clause three of the Code of Wand Use broken for a start.
John flat out fell asleep in Defense Against the Dark Arts, nearly slipping out of his seat when Moody barked, ‘Constant Vigilance!’
'As Minerva and Severus have doubtless told you,' said Dumbledore, 'we heard Barty Crouch confess. Under the influence of Veritaserum, he told us how he was smuggled out of Azkaban, and how Voldemort - learning of his continued existence from Bertha Jorkins - went to free him from his father and used him to capture Harry.'
'Oh, I can't wait to see McGonagall inspected,' Ron said happily. 'Umbridge won't know what's hit her.'
‘No, it’s fine. Just give me a minute.’ His whole body was heavy, he could barely open his eyes, but the gnawing in his stomach motivated him to pull himself together, albeit slowly.
They took a break for lunch, then trudged to the library to write their essays. Dean did his best to tackle it while Cas wrote his, but only managed a quarter of it by the time Cas had finished his.
‘You can sit there, I don’t think Perkins is here yet,’ said Mr Weasley, picking up a toaster from his desk that appeared to be hiccoughing.
Soon, Sherlock could tell that the vision was releasing its grip on John when it became easier to breathe, for himself as well as John.
‘I would be appreciative if we could avoid the word ‘bred’,’ said Cas, ‘but yes, I’m a descendant of them.’
By the time they reached the silver swan portrait, John’s headache had advanced to splitting. They paused by the portrait.
Dean moved over to sit on Cas’s bed and put a careful arm around him. ‘Don’t you even think it,’ he said. ‘He’s wrong, in like
She illuminated her wand and directed its narrow beam across the path. Ron was lying sprawled on the ground.
Bill and Charlie were making a couple of tables fly, smashing them into each other and trying to knock each other’s out of the air. Bill’s table had caught Charlie’s and knocked one of its legs off.
Mr Weasley bent down to enter the tent. ‘We’ll be a bit cramped,’ he called, ‘but I think we’ll all squeeze in. Come and have a look.’
‘He’s very tired,’ Sherlock said. ‘Mrs Weasley, would it be all right to stay until he’s recovered?’
There was a sudden rustling noise above them, and a hundred owls came soaring through the open windows, carrying the morning mail. The owls circled the table, looking for the people whom their letters and parcels were addressed. A large tawny owl soared down to Neville, who always forgot to pack something. Then, much to John’s surprise, a letter dropped in front of him.
Well guys, we did it. Goblet of Fire is finally finished! Big thank you to everyone who commented and left kudos, and if you're still here, you're an absolute legend.
‘Wha-’ Then it all dissolved and John was back in the greenhouse with Molly. ‘Whoa,’ he mumbled, grabbing hold of the table.
Ollivander smiled. ‘Mostly from your posture, but there was a little something in your eyes. Of course, I’ve only ever met one other Seer and she didn’t attract a silver lime, so I couldn’t be certain.’
He sliced open the jumper and gasps rippled through the common room. Dean’s stomach twisted as he looked down at the odd symbol carved into Cas’s chest that was still bleeding profusely.
Dean sat in Charms thinking hard the next day, hardly even attempting to Silence the bullfrog sitting on the desk in front of him. He and Cas had left the Shrieking Shack early that morning, and he had tried to convince Cas to take the day off, to no avail. Having two attacks in the same day had clearly taken its toll on Cas, but he was intent upon not missing anymore classes, so he sat quietly beside Dean, pretending that he wasn’t shaking the whole way through the lesson. Dean planned on asking John and Sherlock to keep an eye of Cas for him, but neither of them looked up to doing much either.
No one moved until Roger Davies nodded and turned the Ravenclaw team back down the corridor, and most of the DA followed suit.
Gabriel laughed. ‘I’m not champion material, believe me. Besides, I don’t need all that money, or glory, or whatever.’
‘I might go in for it, you know,’ Ron said sleepily through the darkness, ‘if Fred and George find out how to… the Tournament… you never know, do you?’
‘Of course it is,’ Sherlock snapped. ‘I should have - I should have seen it.’ His voice wobbled and he held his head in his hands. ‘I’m his best friend,’ he mumbled.
Dean was not so patient, and instead went to track down Castiel, who had spent the month avoiding them all. He wasn’t in the hospital wing or Ravenclaw Tower, but it was a warm evening, so he went out into the grounds and down to Hagrid’s hut.
‘We were never informed of this!’ Karkaroff blustered. ‘How much of an advantage are you trying to give Hogwarts, here, Dumbledore?’
‘Wow,’ John mumbled. He sounded a lot less impressed than he actually was, but he was too tired to express it.
John and Harry went inside, and Mr Weasley reached over their heads to dial a number. ‘Let’s see… six… two… four… and another four… and another two…’
‘And don’t think I don’t know that you buy extra ingredients to practice with,’ Cas said, and Dean’s cheeks burned. ‘If that isn’t teacher material, then I don’t know what is.’
‘You would never.’ Sherlock packed in the last of John’s books. ‘You can leave the ones you don’t need in wherever Mycroft is taking us.’
‘Where have you been, Barty?’ said Bagman. ‘Why weren’t you at the match? Your elf was saving you a seat, too. Hold on-‘ he had just noticed WInky lying at his feet. ‘What happened to
‘No, the Lovegoods have been there for a week already and the Fawcetts couldn’t get tickets,’ said Mr Diggory. ‘What about the Holmeses?’
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to OtakuElf, Sam_the_Skald, VegasGranny, hhhellcat, Match_less and poosher for the comments!
On the way down to the Great Hall, Cas linked his little finger with Dean’s until they reached the bottom of the stairs.
White hot fury surged through both of them and Sherlock flew at their ex Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, fists aimed at his face.
A man stood in the doorway, leaning on a long staff, shrouded in a black travelling cloak. He lowered his hood, shook out a long mane of grizzled, dark grey hair, then began to walk up to the teachers’ table.
‘That’s sweet of you, but there’s no way I’d beat out Cedric. The guy’s damn good. I should know, I share a dorm with him. Besides, I got enough to do since I’m Head Boy, don’t you think?’ He ruffled Cas’s hair, although he had to reach up to do so, then walked away.
‘He doesn’t sleep, he hangs from the ceiling like a bat,’ Sherlock said, making John laugh. ‘Are you ready?’
Hagrid was already outside waiting for them, with several open wooden crates at his feet. As they drew nearer, the crates rattled and emitted what sounded like small explosions.
He put the mirror down and scrubbed his face. At least his heart had stopped fluttering. He was just about to go back to bed when he heard yelling upstairs, and Neville raced across the common room.
Cas had been in the Forest before, and though not exactly comfortable with it, was at least familiar with it. ‘
‘Triwizard Tournament,’ she said, breathing heavily. Her voice, though ragged and raspy, was now quite clear to him. ‘They’re doing the Triwizard Tournament.’ Her head lolled forward, then Voldemort cursed her again.
‘I like Ludo,’ Mr Weasley said mildly. ‘He was the one who got us such good tickets for the Cup. I did him a bit of a favour. His brother, Otto, got into a spot of trouble – a lawn mower with unnatural powers. I smoothed the whole thing over.’
Cas's breathing became heavier, and Dean opened his mouth to say something, but Cas abruptly stood up and made for the door.
‘It’s all right, sonny,’ Moody said to Neville. ‘Why don’t you come up to my office? Come on… we can have a cup of tea…’
Dean peered over at it. ‘No wonder you’re stuck. You’re looking at the wrong Syllabary. These are Enochian, not regular runes.’
on the window. They looked across the now empty common room and, illuminated by the moonlight, was a snowy owl perched on the window-sill.
‘We gotta get him to Madam Pomfrey,’ Dean said, and Sherlock stood up, conjuring a stretcher for him. As they lifted him onto it, they noticed another, similarly sized devil’s trap cut into his back that was also bleeding.
John nodded and put his hands on either side of the Goblet. It was surprisingly cool to the touch, considering it had only been minutes since it had been full to the brim with flames. It was also quite smooth, but even with his hands clasped tightly around it, John saw nothing.
Sherlock sat up and stretched, taking in John’s pale and drawn face. ‘There will be time for a nap hen we arrive, I think,’ he said.
‘Lucy Edlund, yeah, I know about her. Last I heard, she was setting up some sort of group in America.’
'They're just full of it,' Dean said breezily. 'They're sour 'cause no one'll listen to them unless they flash the cash.'
‘He’s going to do something to me. Whoever he has at Hogwarts will do it and I won’t be able to see him.’
‘Because you and he are connected by the curse that failed,’ said Dumbledore. ‘That is no ordinary scar.’
Dean looked back over his shoulder to see Hagrid remove his hand and Karkaroff slump to the ground in a heap. He hesitated a moment, then touched Cas on the arm
Professor McGonagall sighed. ‘Educational Decree Number Twenty-five gives the High Inquisitor “supreme authority over all punishments, sanctions and removal of privileges pertaining to the students of Hogwarts”,’ she said. ‘I’m sorry, I can’t help you with that.’
Dean scowled and looked back down at his book. It was almost incomprehensible. The words and letters moved around at will and Dean couldn’t read any more of it that lesson. He was still angry when they went to their next lesson, which was Charms.
It didn’t last for long. Sherlock had barely closed his eyes before he and John were woken by a surge of coldness that ran through them both.
‘Because, fool, at this very moment wizards are pouring into the country from all over the world, and every meddler from the Ministry of Magic will be on duty. On watch for signs of unusual activity, checking and double-checking identities. They will be obsessed with security, lest the Muggles notice anything. So, we wait.’
Dean looked up and saw the gap in students, and Castiel’s dark head of hair. John was sitting opposite, his brow creased. ‘Thanks, Sam, I’ll take care of it.’ Dean sat himself down beside Cas, as close as he could without getting shocked by his Shield Charm. Cas didn’t seem to notice Dean was there, he just stared ahead, a spoon in one hand, the other hand clenched into a fist, and an empty bowl sat in front of him.
‘How long do we have to wait?’ Tonks asked. She went to pick up her mug, but knocked it on the floor. ‘Oops!’
Hermione was still attempting to cover her teeth, though this was difficult as they had now grown past her collar. Ron forced her to show Snape.
‘I see,’ Dumbledore said quietly. ‘I see. Now, has your scar hurt at any other time this year, except the time it woke you up over the summer?’
Dean turned over and tried to go back to sleep, but his mind was awake and racing again. How much did he really know about Cas, if he could keep such a secret? No wonder Cas was so terrified all the time, he must have seen the reaction Hagrid got when his parentage had been revealed. Dean was glad that Cas finally trusted him enough to share this part of himself, but the more Dean thought about, the more he knew Cas still had more to hide. His work wasn't done yet.
Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and brushed it with a kiss, before he followed Harry and Mr Weasley up to the front door.
Moody muttered. The spider shrank and Moody put it back in the jar. ‘Pain,’ he said softly. ‘You don’t need thumbscrews or knives to torture someone if you can perform the Cruciatus Curse… that one was very popular once, too… Right… anyone know any others?’
Silence followed as John was left on his own. He took another shaky sip of his water and sighed at the now mushy cereal in front of him.
Cas nodded and followed Dean out of the castle and into the grounds, where Dean waited for his panic to ease up.
A headache formed behind Dean’s eyes as his focus was split between his parchment in front of him and Cas behind him, and everything was blurry by the time Umbridge finally allowed them to leave.
He shook his head, feeling his stomach churn with nausea, along with the usual sweating and shaking.
‘Ah the possibilities,’ Ron said dreamily. ‘It would’ve been so easy to push Malfoy off a glacier and make it look like an accident… shame his mother likes him…’
The dishes in front of them filled with food as usual. The house-elves in the kitchen seemed to have pulled out all the stops; there was a greater variety of dishes in front of them, several of which were definitely foreign.
‘Yeah. Fine,’ he said, though he felt a painful pressure in his temples. He sought out Sherlock’s concerned eyes and gave him a feeble thumbs up.
John pulled Sherlock closer to sit in front of him, and went to take his hands, but he pulled away. ‘Come on,’ he said exasperatedly, ‘you know that skin contact works best.’
‘But-but you said it’s illegal, Professor,’ Hermione said uncertainly, as Moody cleared away the desks with a sweep of his wand, leaving a large, clear space in the middle of the room. ‘You said – to use it against another human was-‘
'I was wondering,' she said to Harry, 'if you'd thought any more about Defence Against the Dark Arts.'
John watched Harry go, the tension clear in his hunched shoulders. He understood Harry’s concern, but the warmth in his fingers coming from the parchment gave him the feeling that Sirius would be just fine.
They all turned and there were the Malfoys, edging along the second row. Lucius, Draco, and a tall, slim woman that had an expression that suggested there was a nasty smell under her nose.
The leprechauns, who had risen angrily into the air like a swarm of glittering hornets, darted together to form 'HA HA HA'. The Veela on the other side of the pitch leapt to their feet, tossed their hair angrily and started to dance again.
It was going well so far, John thought. He felt the magic around him, buzzing at his fingertips, but it was nothing like the atmosphere at Grimmauld Place. Instead of pressing down on him, it flowed past him, like the currents in a river. If he concentrated, he thought he might be able to trace each of them to one person. Sherlock nudged him onwards again.
I can't discuss this with you now, Winchester. Please return to your dormitory, and remember that you will now be with the other fifth-years.'
‘Oh no,’ said Hermione. ‘It’s always packed and really noisy. I’ve told the others to meet us at the Hog’s Head, that other pub, you know the one, it’s not on the main road. I think it’s a bit… you know…
John's crying immediately stopped and he stared at Sam in wonder. 'How - how are you doing that?' he sniffed.
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to OtakuElf, VegasGranny and hhhellcat for the comments! See you again soon!
‘Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge,’ Dean said through gritted teeth, and he heard Cas echo him quietly.
'Yes, you can,' Dean said firmly. He carefully poked his head around the stairs, but Umbridge's hand was still swiping around in the fireplace, trying to catch hold of Sirius's hair.
‘I told you, they just want to hear what you’ve got to say,’ she said soothingly, but added quickly, ‘you don’t have to do anything yet, I’ll speak to them first.’
He left the others behind, running almost all the way up to Gryffindor Tower. Cas wasn’t there, but that didn’t deter him. He turned around and hurried over to Ravenclaw Tower instead, letting himself in. Again, no Cas. Losing momentum now, Dean went as fast as he could to the Shrieking Shack, Immobilising the Whomping Willow as he went. No Cas there either. Dean spent the rest of the day scouring the castle and grounds for Cas, but there was no sign of him.
‘No, don’t,’ he said hastily. ‘It’s fine. Let me just change shirts and we can go.’ He disappeared behind the curtain.
My quarantine period is almost over and I'm so excited to finally leave my house. Thanks again for reading, and I'll see you again next time!
‘I think Defence Against the Dark Arts is more urgent than anything I could teach, but I’m happy to help plan lessons.’
‘Me and Kingsley are staying here to look after your mum,’ Tonks said in amusement, catching the wink Kingsley gave Mrs Watson. ‘Until we can get all the protective spells in place.’
‘Well, until I can get some of that…’ He stood on his toes and kissed Sherlock, then stepped back. ‘Have fun in Herbology.’
He waited for a moment, then Sam’s face appeared in the mirror. His hair was sticking up on one side and he glared at Dean.
John bought them all tickets from a sleepy-looking guard, and they were soon on the tube, rattling towards central London. John sighed. The familiarity, and strangely normal feeling of sitting on the train soothed him. It had been a while since he’d gone on the underground, the last time had been just before third year, when he’d gone to King’s Cross by himself to catch the Hogwarts Express.
John woke with a start early in the morning, waking Sherlock with him. Mrs Weasley had hung some clean clothes on the back of the door for him, a nice comfortable jumper and jeans.
‘Liar. I am no stronger, and a few days alone would rob me of what little health I have gained under your clumsy care.’
‘What’s the deal?’ Gabriel was saying. ‘There isn’t anyone that has a better chance of getting in than you.’
‘You are not Sirius’ only correspondent,’ said Dumbledore. ‘I have also been in contact with him ever since he left Hogwarts last year. It was I who suggested the mountainside cave as the safest place for him to stay.’
Lessons that day were difficult for all of them, with even Hermione’s attention wavering in History of Magic.
John didn’t answer. To his horror, when he had tried to reach Sherlock to ask him what was going on, he had felt nothing. His connection to Sherlock had been severed by whatever they had fallen into.
Lee passed it to Harry, and he dug his fingernail into the groove that ran all the way around it. He prised it open, but it was completely hollow, and a horrible, wailing shriek filled the room. Everyone covered their ears, including John, though it sounded a little muffled to him, but he couldn’t work out why.
All in all, they were relieved to arrive at King’s Cross. Most of them were used to getting on to Platform Nine and Three-Quarters, however Sam insisted on watching someone do it first, before he would believe that running directly at the ticket barrier was really the way to do it.
she said at John’s questioning look. ‘I was getting tired of having to find everything out from the Slytherins.’
‘It’s all highly suspicious!’ said Mr Crouch, his eyes popping and making him look slightly mad. ‘You, get up!’ He pointed his wand at John.
‘You’re lucky there’s a feast at all tonight, you know,’ Nick told them. ‘There was trouble in the kitchens earlier.’
John shrugged. ‘It was worth a go.’ He looked into Cas’s face. It was worn and sombre as usual, and before he could stop himself, he reached out to touch his hand. White light filled his vision, backed by an almost unbearable sadness.
‘I think we ought to vote on it properly,’ said Hermione. ‘It makes it formal and it gives him authority. So - everyone who thinks Harry should be our leader?’
‘There’s traditionally been a lot of rivalry between all the magic schools. Durmstrang and Beauxbatons like to conceal their whereabouts so nobody can steal their secrets,’ Hermione told them.
Goyle’s face immediately began erupting in boils. John rushed over to Hermione when she whimpered and clapped her hands over her mouth.
‘Thank you all,’ said Dumbledore. ‘You may go back to your lessons now - or perhaps it would be quicker just to go down to dinner, as they are about to end-’
‘That would make sense,’ John nodded, giving Harry the letter back. ‘I don’t see him getting caught though, if that helps.’
Dean grimaced, holding his hand. He was too raw to fight back anymore. ‘Okay,’ Dean said, ‘but I’m coming with you.’
'I didn't realise the Top Box would be so high up,' Sherlock muttered as people around them filtered out into the stands.
‘The thing about incredible minds is that they’re not always conventional,’ he continued. ‘Take Sherlock over here. No one would argue that he’s not brilliant, especially not himself, but would anyone call him anything close to conventional? Just something to consider.’
‘Boys,’ said Mr Weasley under his breath. ‘I don’t want you betting… that’s all your savings… your mother-‘
‘Later,’ said a second voice. This one was strangely high-pitched and cold. John’s eyes widened and his blood ran cold as he realised who it must belong to. His heart began to race, and the scene wavered around him.
'Oh, John,' said Sherlock, wiping away tears of laughter. 'Of course not. I just can't believe you let Rita Skeeter interview you.'
‘Dumbledore, I’m afraid I don’t see the connection, don’t see it at all!’ It was the voice of the Minister for Magic, Cornelius Fudge. ‘Ludo says Bertha’s perfectly capable of getting herself lost.’
Dean nodded. 'Okay, how do I do that?' he said breathlessly, his heart thumping against his ribcage.
'It would be lovely if you could get your brother to tone it down a little,' John said from his bed. 'What are you doing?'
‘Dude,’ Dean said incredulously, ‘the way you flatten the other teams, they’d never want you to leave.’
‘No - no more than Rosier deserved!’ said Karkaroff, a real note of panic in his voice, his eyes darting to the door, where the Dementors were undoubtedly waiting.
The warm glow in Dean’s chest spread all the way to his fingertips, but his focus did not improve, as Cas was all he could think about. They eventually gave up, and Dean accompanied Cas on his patrol duty.
‘Yeah, Professor Flitwick told me the other day that he wants Sam to take more advanced Charms lessons, so we’re looking for someone to tutor him…’
They were all given an essay to do by Professor Flitwick, and Harry and Ron had extra homework to practice the Silencing Charm.
Dean eagerly read through the first page. ‘This is so cool, I bet I could even read Snape’s chalkboard now.’
‘I’ll bet he leapt out of bed and started jinxing everything he could reach through the window,’ said Mr Diggory, ‘but they’ll have a job proving it, there aren’t any casualties.’
Professor McGonagall then placed a three-legged stool on the ground and the Sorting Hat on top of it. For a moment, there was silence. Then a tear near the brim opened wide like a mouth, and the Sorting Hat broke into song.
'Well that's something at least. Listen, don't go asking too many questions about Hagrid, it'll just draw attention to the fact that he's not back. Hagrid's tough, he'll be okay.' When this didn't cheer them up, he changed tact. 'When's your next Hogsmeade weekend, anyway? I was thinking, we got away with the dog disguise at the station, didn't we? I thought I could-'
‘That he did knowingly, deliberately and in full awareness of the illegality of his actions, produce the Locking Spell, the Silencing Charm, the Impediment Jinx, and the Shield Charm, on the night of the seventeenth of July, in a Muggle inhabited area, in the presence of a Muggle, which constitutes several offences under Paragraph C of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery, 1875, and also under Section 13 of the International Confederation of Warlocks’ Statute of Secrecy.
They waited in silence, John now more apprehensive than excited, and soon they heard Moody’s distinctive clunking footsteps.
When they got back to the tent, no one particularly felt like sleeping so Mr Weasley agreed to one mug of hot chocolate before bed. They all went into the living room in Sherlock’s tent, where there was more room.
His mum had peered around, then pointed. ‘That one over there says “wandmakers”, so that’s probably a good place to start.’
‘I wonder if Hermione’s seen this yet,’ Harry interrupted, looking around at the girls’ dormitories.
‘Silly girl,’ said Professor Sprout, shaking her head. ‘But Madam Pomfrey fixed her nose back on in the end.’
Eventually, they all caught up with Harry, Ron and Hermione, and they all made their way through the village together.
‘No,’ Sherlock said, then sighing at Cas’s doubtful expression. ‘I’m angry with myself. I should have been a better friend. I’m sorry.’
Meanwhile, Dean was contemplating exactly what sort of dive from the stadium would impress the Veela the most, when a hand gripped his wrist. He looked back and saw Cas looking extremely concerned.
Her voice was high-pitched, breathy and little-girlish. Dean felt a powerful rush of dislike. He loathed everything about her, from her stupid voice to her fluffy pink cardigan. She gave another little throat clearing cough (
They looked up to watch it, but then realised it was flying towards them. Castiel's fists clenched slightly on the table in front of him.
The room was dimly lit. There were no windows, only torches in brackets. They leaned closer and saw that rows and rows of witches and wizards were sat around every wall, on what seemed to be benches rising in levels. An empty chair stood in the very centre of the room. Chains encircled the arms of it, as though its occupants were usually tied to it.
said Ginny, in such a good impression of Umbridge that several people looked around in alarm, then laughed. ‘Weren’t we trying to decide how often we’re going to meet and have defence lessons?’
Mr Weasley peeked into the courtroom behind him. ‘Blimey, Harry, they’ve not tried you in front of the entire Wizengamot?’ he said.
Mr Crouch raised his eyebrows at Bagman. ‘We agreed not to make any announcements until all the details-‘
The morning of the Hogsmeade visit dawned bright but windy. After breakfast they queued up in front of Filch, who matched their names to the long list of students who had permission to visit the village. Both Cas and John appeared to have had a rough night. John was pale and pinched, wrapped in his hat and scarf, and Cas stared straight ahead, a twitch in his cheek. Dean put a hand on Cas’s back and he leapt away as though shocked. ‘Sorry,’ Dean said, watching Cas rub his arm. ‘Are you okay? You don’t look so good. Maybe you should stay here.’
‘I wouldn’t fancy crossing the lake in this weather,’ said Hermione as they inched slowly along the dark platform.
‘I’ve already done that, John,’ he said, closing the book and coming over to the table. ‘I can conjure bubbles at will. Amusing, but totally unnecessary. No, I want to invent something actually useful.’
‘S-P-E-W!’ Hermione said hotly. ‘I was going to put Stop the Outrageous Abuse of Our Fellow Magical Creatures and Campaign for a Change in Their Legal Status – but it wouldn’t fit. So that’s the heading of our manifesto.’
By the last day of term, neither Harry or Ron had managed to find a date for the Ball, despite Harry being required to, and they moped about Gryffindor Tower.
‘Bit embarrassing,’ Mr Diggory said grimly, looking down at Winky’s unconscious form. ‘Barty Crouch’s house-elf…’
John momentarily felt conflicted about his own food, but the smell of roast chicken was too much for him to resist.
‘Sounds fine to me. I’m not very good at forcing visions anyway, especially that far in the future.’
‘I just thought of something I need to ask Mycroft. It doesn’t matter right now. We also need to go to Eeylops. I told Mycroft I’d pick up some owl treats.’
A few days later, Castiel still hadn’t returned to class, and Dean began to worry. No matter how many times he asked Gabriel, he could never get a straight answer, and the one time he asked John to look, all he said was, ‘It’s private. Gabriel says he’s fine and that’s enough for me.’
‘A Portkey?’ Ron suggested. ‘Or they could Apparate – maybe you’re allowed to do it under seventeen wherever they come from?’
Madam Pomfrey came over with her hands full of potion phials. ‘Here,’ she said, her lips pursed. ‘Take one of these every hour, or whenever you start to feel light-headed. Make sure you eat at lunch, and come straight back here after dinner.’
He moved his hands out of her way, but when he saw the blood on them, he felt himself being pulled away and groaned.
'Oh, you do, do you?' said Umbridge. ‘I’m afraid it is Mr Slinkhard’s opinion, and not yours, that matters within this classroom, Miss Granger.’
John was so enthralled by the speed at which the Beaters were hitting the Bludgers back and forth that he barely noticed when either team scored, nor that he was leaning forward in his seat.
‘I don’t know. Normally I can feel when he’s scared, which is a lot of the time. It’s sort of his base emotion, but now there’s nothing.’
joking, Mr Weasley,’ he said, ‘though, now you mention it, I did hear an excellent one over the summer about a troll, a hag and a leprechaun who all go into a bar-‘
‘Hedwig!’ Harry shouted, launching himself out of his chair and across the room. He yanked the window open, letting Hedwig soar in and land on his predictions. ‘About time!’ said Harry, hurrying after her.
John sat up, swaying, head pounding. ‘Erm - I’m sorry, I don’t think I can,’ he said, the effort of talking alone making him queasy.
Fred and George had scrambled over their seats and stood in front of Bagman, hands outstretched and with broad grins on their faces.
‘Your father knew what he was getting into and he won’t thank you for messing things up for the Order!’ said Sirius, equally as angry. ‘This is how it is - this is why you’re not in the Order - you don’t understand - there are things worth dying for!’
John and Sherlock were the first to wake in the morning, and were already dressed when Mrs Weasley came downstairs. Sam and Dean came with her, again eager to help her cook.
This was one of the few occasions of the year that everyone was required to sit at their house tables, so they left Sherlock and Castiel at the Ravenclaw table, then carried on to the Gryffindor table.
'It was made by a cursed object,' Cas repeated. 'Does it still hurt? I can get you some Murtlap essence.'
'The dungeons make me nervous,' Dean said, and Cas raised an eyebrow but didn't comment. 'I thought it might be nice to practice out in the air.'
‘That’s not true,’ said Dean. ‘I think you’re brave. You get scared a lot but you keep going. That’s like the definition of brave.’
‘Why don’t we go to the library and see if we can come up with a decent lesson plan?’ said Padma. ‘We can ask the teachers what the curriculum is, and we still have the DA. I don’t see why we couldn’t make it work.’
John laughed, but then was accosted by a blinding pain in his head. The whole room vibrated, blurring the alarmed faces looking at him. ‘
Sherlock cleared his throat. ‘It’s in your room, isn’t it? I’ll get it.’ He kissed John’s forehead, then raced up the stairs.
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to Johnlock Hell, VegasGranny, OtakuElf and hhhellcat for the comments!
‘You know, sometimes I just want to feel like a normal human being, okay?’ he snapped. ‘It’s not life-threatening, it’ll heal on its own. Goodnight.’ He stalked off alone. Once in the common room, he remembered the Divination work he had to do, so went up to the dormitory to get his copy of
‘We’re leaving,’ said Sherlock, hoisting John back to his feet. He caught Castiel’s eye and gestured him over.
‘Arthur, you’re supposed to be on holiday!’ Mrs Weasley said. ‘This hasn’t got anything to do with your office, surely they can handle this without you?’
Everyone around them began shoving each other to get out of the line of fire. Above the, Peeves the poltergeist took aim, his wide face contorted in concentration.
Mr Weasley said, as he finally opened John’s gift of a plug, tiny screwdriver and printed paper instructions for taking it apart. As he leaned over to shake John’s hand, Mrs Weasley peered at the bandages under his nightshirt.
‘Naturally, naturally,’ murmured Dumbledore, apparently to himself, still observing the stream of smoke without the slightest sign of surprise. ‘But in essence divided?’
‘It is a plot! You and your Ministry have lured me here under false pretences, Dumbledore! This is not an equal competition! First you sneak Potter into the competition, though he is undreage! Now one of your Ministry friends attempts to put
‘Just an account written by the man who invented the Hover Charm. It’s quite interesting, it details exactly how he did it.’
Cas nodded, and Gabriel lowered his hands. Gabriel then gestured over to Dean, who squeezed through the crowd over to them. ‘Dean’s here now, and he’s going to help you.’
Cas bit his lip and held his breath, his eyes fixed on the door, so Dean got up and pulled the screens around the bed again, but the moment he did so, they were dragged aside again.
Though no one could see Harry, it didn't stop them from discussing what dangers the champions might face during the First Task.
Just as Dean was getting worried himself, and considering going to look for Cas, a blue blur raced overhead, and Cas finally appeared. He flew over to Roger first, then got himself into position with the other Chasers.
Karkaroff straightened himself. ‘I have, sir,’ he said. ‘I wish to be of use to the Ministry. I wish to help. I - I know that the Ministry is trying to - to round up the last of the Dark Lord's supporters. I am eager to assist in any way I can…’
‘You know, the urge to consult the orb has never once overpowered me,’ John muttered to Harry and Ron, who struggled to control their laughter.
John shrugged. ‘He once worked out how to find someone’s bed based on the architecture and the amount of litter on the floor, without even speaking to the person. I’m sure he’d have no problem finding mine.’
When Cas finally looked back up at Dean, his eyes were wide and fearful, and he took three short breaths before he opened his mouth. ‘I-I-’ He closed his and steadied his breathing. ‘It’s-’ He was cut off by a shout from the Forest, and Dean leapt to his feet, wand drawn. Cas followed his example and they walked warily towards the voice they had heard.
‘What about John?’ Ginny pointed out. ‘They don’t do anything about the fact that he’s a Seer, who says they’d even care that Harry had some kind of vision?’
‘No,’ Cas said, picking Dean’s wand up and passing it back to him. ‘Will you - will you do it to me?’
‘Rosier is dead,’ said Crouch. ‘He was caught shortly after you were, too. He preferred to fight rather than coming quietly and was killed in the struggle.’
They stepped through the portrait hole, but were greeted by Ron and Hermione screaming at each other from opposite sides of the common room.
‘But that’s exactly why you will be helpful,’ Sam said eagerly. ‘Most of what I can find is about fully realised Seers, and only from second-hand sources. Next to nothing is known about developing Seers, and I think it could be some of the most valuable information out there, especially for new Seers.’
he said again. John breathed deeply and moved closer to Bertha, allowing Voldemort and Wormtail to fall out of his field of vision. ‘What are you saying?’ he asked.
Cas nodded and stood up, placing the jar on the desk and stepping away from it. He raised an arm and focused entirely on the jar. His eyes glowed slightly, and there was a faint, high-pitched whine. He then lowered his arm and blinked. Nothing had happened.
‘Oh, wait there,’ Mrs Watson said, hurrying up the stairs. They heard her rummaging around, then running back down the stairs. When she came back into the kitchen, she had a small red box, which she pressed into John’s hands.
Dean waited, but Sherlock still didn’t speak. ‘It’s not your fault, you know,’ Dean said eventually.
‘Arthur Weasley, injured, wife and children coming to stay,’ recited Phineas in a bored voice. ‘Yes, yes… very well…’
So, they were after Harry, were they? John grimaced and tried to steady himself. This was already the longest amount of time he’d ever spent focusing on a vision, and he could feel it starting to slip away, but this was important, he couldn’t give up now.
Fred and George choked on their own mugs of tea, then looked up at Percy, huge grins on their faces.
champion out of action! I smell double-dealing and corruption in this whole affair, and you, Dumbledore, you, with your talk of closer international wizarding links, of rebuilding old ties, of forgetting old differences - here’s what I think of
Hermione sat down, laid the things she was carrying in an empty armchair and pulled Ron’s predictions towards her. ‘Not going to have a very good month, are you?’ she said as Crookshanks curled up in her lap.
They stood in awkward silence for a moment, until Molly craned her neck. 'Has Sherlock come down yet?’ she asked.
Sherlock took a moment to read it. ‘Mycroft believes he’s far too important to get involved with something as trivial as a school curriculum,’ he mumbled.
Dean opened his eyes again just as Cas slumped against the wall. He'd turned a pale shade of green and was trembling. Dean took a moment to look around. The Shrieking Shack now looked a lot different than it had the night they confronted Sirius. The walls and doors had all been repaired, and everything had been cleaned and painted. It now had furniture and potted plants, though the windows were blacked out. It was a much needed improvement, despite the fresh cracks in the walls, and the plant that had smashed on the floor.
'You're doing great,' Dean said, watching Cas's discomfort. 'Can you finish this one, or do you wanna stop?'
‘Aye,’ said Mr Roberts, consulting a list tacked to the door. ‘You’ve got a space up by the woods there. Just the one night?’
‘Ah!’ John exclaimed as the area around his nose and top lip suddenly stung as if it had been rubbed raw. ‘What did you do?’
Neville put his book down completely, and got up to sit next to John, bringing Trevor with him. ‘When I think about the powers you have, I can’t really think of someone better to have them,’ Neville said, plopping Trevor next to Dolly, where they both warbled happily. ‘There are lots of people that would use it for bad things, like spying, or cheating, but I couldn’t imagine you doing any of those things. I could only imagine you doing good with it.’
‘I need to know what she said to them. Anything that may give us an advantage or a clue as to what his plan might be.’
Dean scooted the chair closer and held Cas’s hand. He was almost dozing off himself, when Cas finally moved.
‘It’s a long term issue,’ Dean took over, much to Cas’s relief. ‘He’s allowed to leave class whenever he needs.’
Ron sat up so fast he sent his ink bottle flying, and Cas shifted behind Dean, the conversation catching his interest.
There was a click and a rattled, and a couple of square metal badges slid out into the coin return tray. John pinned his one to his jumper, where everyone could see that it said
John shook his head. He didn’t want to leave the room alone. ‘I’ll wait,’ he whispered. He made an effort to eat some of the bacon that Mrs Weasley put in front of him, and he drained the cup of tea before they all finally traipsed to bed.
Dean drew the screens around Cas’s bed and left the room. He made his way to the kitchens, avoiding the Great Hall, where he could hear chatter from the early rising students, and dawdled with the house-elves until he was sure Madam Pomfrey had finished changing Cas’s bandages.
Dean met Cas outside once they were done. He hadn't changed out of his robes yet, and seemed reluctant to do so.
‘It’s okay, Hermione,’ said Harry. He looked Zacharias in the face. ‘What makes me say You-Know-Who’s back? I saw him. But Dumbledore told the whole school what happened last year, and if you didn’t believe him, you won’t believe me, and I’m not wasting an afternoon trying to convince anyone.’
‘Enjoying it?’ said Ron. ‘I don’t reckon he’d come home if Dad didn’t make him. He’s obsessed. Just don’t get him started on his boss.
John pushed himself up onto his elbows. ‘Sherlock, you’re literally magically linked to me because I’m not smart enough to interpret my own visions.’
Without so much as a backward glance at his cabin, Hagrid went trudging up the grounds with Madame Maxime, the Beauxbatons students jogging to keep up with their enormous strides.
Sherlock disappeared to find the owl treats and John waited with their things by the counter. There were elaborate cages stacked up behind the counter and John squinted at them, wondering what they were for. Suddenly, he felt a weight on his shoulder, and a deep croak in his ear.
‘Hagrid’s been trying to recruit the giants,’ Ron explained. ‘He’s been up in the Alps with Madame Maxime.’
‘You are John Hamish Watson, of number twenty-two, Kings Road, Chelmsford, Essex?’ Fudge said, glaring at him over the top of his parchment.
The dungeon door opened and Snape appeared there. His black eyes swept the Gryffindor line. ‘Fighting, are we?’ he said in his cold, sneering voice. ‘Ten points from Gryffindor. Release Longbottom or it will be detention. Inside, all of you.’
‘SHERLOCK!’ John yelled, his present and future voices reverberating through him, and sending him back to Trelawney’s classroom.
‘I’m all right,’ he said shakily, as much to Sherlock as Mr Weasley, and got to his feet, still holding the pressure point. ‘Let’s just go.’ He threw one more fearful look back at the statue, but it was gold again, so he forced himself to calm down.
‘Not to worry, not to worry. Come through to the kitchen – just leave your things here – and you can introduce us to your friends.’
It's been a crazy few weeks guys :L I was working for a bit as a charity fundraiser and it was a wild ride. I'm also writing my first book hooray! I have a wicked cold right now so I apologise if the typos are worse than usual.
‘No, no, that’s miles away,’ said Mr Weasley, smiling. ‘We only need to walk a short way. It’s just that it’s very difficult for large numbers of wizards to congregate without attracting Muggle attention. We have to be very careful about how we travel at the best of times, but on s huge occasion like the Quidditch World Cup-‘
‘Oh, an’ here come another one!’ said Hagrid proudly, as a second Thestral appeared out of the dark trees, folding its leathery wings closer to its body as it dipped its head to eat some of the cow. ‘Now… put yer hands up, who can see ‘em?’
‘Hey, hey, just relax,’ Dean said, gently pushing him back down and cleaning off the blood. ‘Everything will be okay, I promise. You’re safe.’
Barty Crouch was stiff, crisply dressed and immaculately groomed. It was now clear why Percy idolised him.
John sat before the desk. ‘You need to warn Mr Weasley - or take him off guard duty, actually nevermind, that means it would be someone else-’
said Malfoy. ‘D’you want to be spun around in mid-air? If you do hang around… They’re moving this way, and it would give us all a laugh.’
Then John lurched and finally threw up into his bucket, though it did nothing to relieve his dizziness. ‘So, my eyes turned white,’ he said hoarsely, trying to distract himself. ‘That hasn’t happened in a while.’
Lightning flashed across the sky as the carriages came to a halt before the great oak doors. People who had arrived before them were already hurrying up the stone steps into the castle. John, Sherlock, Cas and Dean jumped out of the carriage and dashed up the steps too, looking up only when they were safely inside the torch-lit Entrance Hall.
Umbridge made another note. 'And you are the great-great-granddaughter of the celebrated Seer Cassandra Trelawney?'
It opened its wide mouth and gave an extremely realistic roar that made everyone in the vicinity jump.
'It's not meant to be funny, Hermione. Honestly, he's the least of my concerns right now, and I'm not about to waste my energy on someone who refuses to be convinced.'
They took a tour of the girls’ tent which was smaller but without the smell of cats, then moved onto the Winchesters’ tent. Inside was smaller than the Weasley’s, but seemed to be more comfortable. There were only two rooms, one being a small bathroom with a shower. The other contained the kitchen, a table with chairs, two single beds up against one wall, and a third that it snugly in an alcove in another wall.
but I had my suspicions. Anyway, I know who you are, and I know what this is. I want to be here with you.’
Hagrid had set crates out around his hut, and inside were a number of fluffy black creatures with long snouts. Their front paws were curiously flat, like spades, and they were blinking up at the class, looking politely puzzled at all the attention.
‘I don’t know if any of these things are preventable,’ Sam continued, ‘but I think Seers should at least know the risks so they can be prepared.’
‘Even still,’ said John. He popped open the top of Dolly’s tank next to his bed, pulled her out and held her in his lap. ‘A person shouldn’t have so much power. Seeing into other people’s lives feels… wrong.’
Cas shrugged. ‘Dumbledore says the leading theory is that the first Obscurials were people like me - descended from the mountain creatures. They were more likely to suppress their power and the Obscurus fed on them, turning their power against them. But the more they mixed with wizards, the more the Obscurae adapted. They learned to infect young wizards too, but the infection will always mimick ours. At least, that's what Dumbledore thinks.’
They walked amicably together down to Flourish and Blotts, where Sherlock pulled out their book list and a thin belt.
Dean was still listless while they ate their Christmas dinner, and didn’t bother moving from his seat when Mundungus arrived to escort them to St Mungo’s. He had managed to “borrow” a car for the occasion, since the tube didn’t run on Christmas Day. It had been enlarged so that all of them could fit comfortably inside, and Mundungus hopped into the driver’s seat, as soon as he had helped himself to a serving of Christmas pudding.
It was very loud inside, as many animals screeched and howled at them as they walked through the door.
‘Does someone hurt you when they get mad?’ Dean said, carefully taking a step back so Cas wouldn’t feel trapped. ‘Gabriel told me some stuff about your sister… Did she do that to you?’
‘I don’t actually know,’ John admitted. ‘I didn’t notice anything unusual for a long time. You’d probably be better off asking Sherlock that question.’
'You know - you know that trial you found me in? The one with Crouch's son? Well… were they talking about Neville's parents?'
‘No. I didn’t want to hear him say it. I know he blames me too, just like everyone else. Michael won’t even talk to me now.’
Katie merely shrugged, having too good a time to care all that much that Dean was no longer with her.
They sat quietly for a long time, Cas healing John with his power, more openly than Dean had ever seen him do, until John finally climbed to his feet.
‘Nothing, he’s just sitting. On a bed maybe?’ John’s eyes watered and his head began to hurt, Castiel’s brightness beginning to shine through the foggy image.
Fang was now leaping at the door; Hagrid pushed him out of the way with his foot and pulled it open.
‘Yeah, who am I kidding? I’m gonna go pretend to think the homework is hard, and then ask Katie to help me with it.’
‘Good evening, Professor,’ Sherlock said to Dumbledore, who was sitting at his desk, wearing an embroidered purple dressing gown.
They were there for an hour at the very least, with John getting more and more miserable with every rejected wand.
'John, stop.' He heard Sherlock's voice, but ignored him. It got hotter and hotter, and then suddenly the air around him was searing. It took his breath away and his skin felt like it was on fire. He screamed before he could stop himself and Sherlock yanked his hand away from Harry's.
Everyone else came in and crammed into the living room, except Hermione, who went to make Mrs Weasley a strong cup of tea. Mr Weasley insisted on adding a shot of firewhiskey to it. Bill then handed Mr Weasley the newspaper, which he scanned with Percy looking over his shoulder.
John was leaning back in his seat, staring at the ceiling, one double Divination lesson, listening to Harry and Ron snigger through Trelawney’s explanation of the various ways Pluto could disrupt everyday life.
‘Oh, hello,’ he said, looking at them all disapprovingly. ‘I was wondering who was making all the noise. I’m trying to work here, you know – I’ve got a report to finish for the office – and it’s rather difficult to concentrate when people keep thundering up and down the stairs.’
Cas surveyed the potions that had been laid out and first swallowed a watery, silver potion, then the red one, then a purple one, then finally more water. He sighed and leaned back against his pillows.
A second later, John heard strangulated hissing sounds, which he recognised as Parseltongue. He spun around as was confronted by a gigantic snake, at least twelve feet in length. Frank also turned around at the sound of Nagini sliding along the floor.
‘Oh my God,’ said John, only just noticing the deep purple shadows around Sherlock’s eyes. ‘Have you slept at all?’
‘Well, shall we crack on, then?’ said Bagman, rubbing his hands together. ‘Got to give the champions their instructions, haven’t we? Barty, want to do the honours?’
‘So, what, this is a memory?’ John said. He looked around at the gathered witches and wizards. ‘What are they waiting for?’
‘She was the one who started it,’ said Harry. ‘I wouldn’t’ve - she just sort of came at me - and next thing she’s crying all over me - I didn’t know what to do -’
John presses the button for their stop, and on the short walk to the house, Rosie takes one of each of their hands. Without warning, she holds on tight, tugging before dropping like a weight, and both John and Sherlock catch her before she can fall to the pavement, pulling her safely upwards, and she swings out forward, giggling as her feet kick in the air. Sherlock understands the game immediately—she’s a good teacher, too. This time, John counts off:
Sherlock feels at ease for the first time all day.  “I couldn’t have managed without your help. Thank you, John.”
This story is now COMPLETE!  Thank you so much to everyone who has read, kudosed, commented, reblogged, and encouraged. Y'all rule!
He dips down, pushing his tongue slowly between the shell edges, down into the soft cream it holds.  Eyes fixed on John’s, he scoops it up into his mouth, letting his lower lip rest against the hollowed out chocolate before carefully bringing it up to meet his top one.  He guides the chocolate into his mouth with his tongue, rolling it to coat everywhere, rich and sweet.
“I will, John,” Sherlock says, voice like a song, and John drifts, content in the warmth surrounding him, Sherlock’s hands stroking his feet, and the quiet patter of rain against window outside.
having half the staff off ill as well. He should press on through, get this all done, but as he looks around, listening to the whining buzz of the lights overhead and the soft whir of the heating cycling off, he thinks he might actually go mad if he stays in this office for even one minute longer. So he saves the file he’s got open and shuts down the computer. He throws on his coat and sets the alarm on the way out.
Sherlock laughs at them as he opens a Magnum bar and holds it out for John.  He reaches for it, but stills, turning his hand a couple of times, helpless against the dripping mess from Rosie’s lolly.  Laughing lightly at his predicament, he just leans in and
He releases a breath, and he is practically vibrating when he rings the surgery’s office manager to arrange for a week’s holiday.  John knows it will take much longer than that to handle everything with the house completely, but that’s fine.  He can absolutely get what he and Rosie will need at Baker Street sorted by then. He books a man with a van for the first available appointment on Saturday morning.
Sherlock makes oversized ice cubes in the special mould he ordered online, just for this. He picks up their favourite pasta from Angelo’s and keeps it warm in the brand new cooker.  He fusses with cushions and straightens wall-hangings.
Sherlock sighs again. His head is shaking slowly. “You weren’t. I never wanted…” His words trail away as John’s fingers find more, these ones lower, close to his spine—a series of burns (cigarettes?), five in total, like giant ants in a row. When his fingers are done with them, he uses his thumb. Sherlock’s skin is warm, warmer than it was for the stitches, but maybe that’s because the gloves are gone. There is one raised high near his other shoulder. It’s curved around the top like the link in a chain.
And then Sherlock meets his eye, smile on his lips as he licks a wet stripe up John’s entire length.  “A very long time ago,” Sherlock says, nuzzling at the spot where John’s testicles meet his shaft, kissing there, trailing his nose up to the tip.  He wraps his lips around the head, swirls his tongue, pulls off, kisses.  “Not since before I knew you, John.”  He hopes John understands; he wants this with exactly
John shifts his hand to Sherlock’s back to get him to sit up a bit, the skin beneath his palm and fingers clammy and
One look in the mirror, and she knows it wouldn’t take Sherlock Holmes to deduce the exhaustion in the lines around her eyes, evidence of prolonged and pathetic weeping into glass after glass of wine until the tears and alcohol forced her into an early bed.  Hopefully with some tea and a walk in the London chill, she won’t look like a walking basket case when she shows up for work later.
.  No.  Flip.  Some sort of nature documentary.  This will do.  This will do nicely. He watches a penguin swim under water as though it’s flying.  He turns the volume back on and settles in.  No narration yet, just the sounds of wildlife and water and soft music.
, Sherlock,” he says, a bone-deep murmur that flows like magma all the way down Sherlock’s spine, lighting fire where it pools just below his belly; his testicles tighten.  John’s forehead presses against his shoulder, breath wet and panting against his ear.  “Come with me,” he rumbles, he breathes, he grunts.  “Sh—  fucking— love— you.
John returns with two bottles, handing one to Sherlock as he sits across from him.  Once settled, John clinks the necks together, meeting Sherlock’s eye with a wink as they each sip.  John’s feet stretch toward Sherlock, and Sherlock, in turn, stretches his out as well.  After only a minute, John presses his ankle against Sherlock’s, and the fire, warm against his side, is making the blonde in John’s hair light up gold.
they have been doing this dance for a decade. Have they got on the same beat this time, then? He wants them to be. He
Sherlock’s tongue is in his mouth, and his knee is pressing against his groin, and John is sweating, bucking. He needs more. He needs to stop. He is going to come in his pants like a teenager. He is too aroused to care.
There is a question, too long unspoken and unanswered, filling the space between them, and now there is nothing else to do but to answer.  John leans up and presses his lips to Sherlock’s, and it is exactly
“I won’t,” John says, and he knows how true it is.  He runs his hands along the clammy skin of Sherlock’s back and then his front, pausing at the heartbeat, strong beneath a small patch of rigid scar tissue.  Sherlock shifts up, just a little, to look at him fully.
Trelawney drew herself up to her full height, her beads and bangles clinking. 'The Inner Eye does not See upon command!' she said in scandalised tones.
John gasped and covered his mouth with his hands. He remembered who they were, and what he had seen them do.
‘Try this,’ Cas said, passing John a watery silver potion, before sitting on the edge of the bed and examining him. ‘How are you feeling today?’
But as he stepped onto the landing, he came to an abrupt halt, staring at the small window set into the double doors that marked the start of a corridor signposted SPELL DAMAGE. A man was peering out at them all with his nose pressed against the glass. He had wavy blond hair, bright blue eyes and a broad vacant smile that revealed dazzlingly white teeth.
'Yeah, you are,' said Sirius, 'and just as well, isn't it, if the first thing you're going to do on your weekend off is organise an illegal defence group.'
They walked slowly up the stairs, Dean still unwilling to tax Cas more than necessary, right up until they bumped into John running down a corridor and Sherlock chasing him.
A screech owl then swooped in through the open kitchen window, and dropped a letter with John’s name on in his lap.
Nearly-Headless Nick chortled so much that his ruff slipped and his head flopped off, dangling by the inch or so of ghostly skin and muscle that still attached it to his neck. ‘Sick leave and pensions?’ he said, pushing his head back onto his shoulders. ‘House-elves don’t want sick leaves and pensions!’
John lowered his wand. ‘First of all, you don’t need to be a Seer to know that. Second of all, it would be really rude of me to invade his privacy like that, and third of all, how many times do I have to tell you that I can’t See Cas?’
‘You have been brought here before the Council of Magical Law,’ he said clearly, ‘so that we may pass judgement on you, for a crime so heinous-’
‘What’s going on?’ Sirius asked, helping Ginny up. ‘Phineas Nigellus said Arthur’s been badly injured-’
It wasn’t clear a lot of the time, but John was determined to watch, no matter how much the house and its previous inhabitants pressed in on him.
John watched them and leaned closer. They were familiar to him somehow. There were two men, who appeared to be brothers, a woman with shining dark hair and hooded eyes, and a boy in his late teens. The boy was shivering, his straw-coloured hair all over his face and his freckled skin milk white.
Sherlock knocked on the door, which opened on its own. He took that as their cue to enter, and pulled John inside a large and beautiful circular room. It contained a number of curious silver instruments that were stood on spindle-legged tables, whirring and emitting little puffs of smoke. The walls were covered with old portraits of previous headmasters and headmistresses. There was also an enormous, claw-footed desk, behind which, the Sorting Hat and the sword of Gryffindor were sitting on a shelf, and Dumbledore was smiling at them from his seat behind it.
Moody came around the desk and stood in front of him. ‘Of all the Seers I’ve met, none of them have had quite the reaction the Unforgiveable Curses as you did. Just my way of gauging it.’
‘Oh, and will you meet me at that empty classroom on the second floor at lunch? I want to talk to you about something.’
Dean hesitated, then scooched closer to Cas. ‘Let me tell you something,’ he said. ‘When our house burned down, I blamed myself for the longest time. I woke up and grabbed Sam, but I didn’t know how to get out. It was so hot, and the smoke was so thick, there was nowhere to go. The next thing I know, I’m on the front lawn with Sam in my arms, watching the fire. I tried to go back and get my mom but I couldn’t. After that, I couldn’t stop thinking about how I got outside, and how I should have brought her with me. Sam snapped me out of it in the end, but…’ Dean shook his head, ridding himself of all the old feelings of guilt. ‘I was about the same age as you… would you have blamed me?’
