There was no mistaking the touch of desperation in Dean’s voice and Castiel knew he had to get to him at once.
Dean lifted his hand from Castiel’s arm.  He couldn’t fall apart in front of Bobby.  If he could hold onto his anger he might be able to get the hell out of there without losing it.
“I didn’t like her touching you,” Dean corrected as he turned off the car. “What’s your point, Cas?”
Pulling back, Castiel looked down at Dean expectantly.  The hunter could see his dark eyes, irises almost completely overtaken by pupil.  Castiel was caressing Dean’s cheek when he found himself agreeing.  In all his fantasies, he was the one fucking Cas, but in his current reality, all he wanted to do was give his friend whatever he desired.
The low growl of Castiel’s voice had Dean straining forward eagerly, but Castiel edged back, his lips just out of Dean’s reach.
“You weren’t the nightmare, dumbass,” Dean says, stern, because he can’t stand that look on Cas’ face.  “I thought I was having one and….”  Oh, shit, how does he explain this? Sorry, I just imagine sticking my tongue down your throat anytime things get tough in dreamland. Sure, that sounds legit.  “Uh, that’s how I make them stop,” Dean finishes lamely, trying not to cringe.
Dean tried not to panic.  This wasn’t Cas at all and they were so screwed.  For a wild moment, Dean found himself blanking on ideas to get them out of this mess, then he realized Bobby was next to him, lowering himself into a kneeling position.  Well, that was one option.  Sometimes Bobby was too pragmatic.
Dragging a chair closer, Dean sat next to him and began eating enthusiastically.  The angel watched, appreciating Dean’s enjoyment and the way he grinned at him around mouthfuls of food as he chewed.  Castiel smiled back.  Evidently he made all the right decisions about what to get, because Dean was eating heartily and didn’t complain about any of it.
There was no way Dean wouldn’t be reciprocating.  Dean prided himself on his sexual prowess and derived great pleasure from satisfying his partner.  He knew precisely what he wanted to do with the angel to pay him back.
Sam agreed and started to leave.  He lingered in the doorway, looking back, but left when he seemed to realize Castiel had no intention of leaving with him.
Clinging tightly to Dean’s back, Castiel’s movements stuttered and he came, thrusting into Dean’s hand and gasping his name.  Castiel twitched in Dean’s arms as he slowed his hips and leaned into Dean, pressing him against the wall.  He released his tight grip on Dean and brought a shaky hand towards his cock.
Resuming his slow pace at the edge of the circle, the shifter had his eyes locked on Castiel looking for an opening as he twirled the iron through the flames.  Castiel knew he wouldn’t be able to avoid the blows forever.  He was slower locked in the ring and had few places to maneuver, plus he knew Crowley wouldn’t tolerate his success for long.  It was imperative that he gain the upper-hand quickly.
Raising his eyebrows questioningly, Sam looked to Dean for an explanation.  Dean shrugged one shoulder and shook his head.  He didn’t know what to tell Sam.  Castiel kept a hold of Sam longer than he should have.  Dean saw Sam’s expression soften a little before he cautiously held Castiel a tad closer with his hands high and unmoving on his back.  The whole thing suddenly made Dean feel like he shouldn’t be there, but he didn’t know if Cas would want to be hugging Sam all alone, so he just looked away, kicking at the ground.   When they broke apart Dean thought they both looked a touch uncomfortable, but his brother also had an expression of slight awe on his face when he said a quiet, ‘thanks.’
Dean goes slow, sliding against those silky smooth internal walls, seeking out just the right spot and—Bingo.
Dean waited and then the shower curtain was pulled back.  Castiel was indeed all wet, standing under the spray of water with one hand at his erect dick.  And
Castiel nodded.  “Yes.  Maybe.”  Looking away from Dean, Castiel began picking at his borrowed clothing.
“Keep getting undressed,” Castiel said in response, removing his jacket and tie and laying them on top of his coat.  His fingers went to the buttons on his shirt and Dean watched for a moment before he resumed undressing, peeling off his t-shirt and tossing it aside.  Clearly, Castiel hadn’t forgotten Dean’s promise to pick-up where they left off from the night before.
Castiel didn’t disagree and when Dean swallowed him down he let his head thud back against the wall.
At any rate, Sam was aware that things were extremely strained between the hunters and Castiel at the moment.  He knew Dean was still pissed about Castiel having lied, but he hoped his brother could get over it.  Maybe there was a way for things to be good between the three of them again.  Sam tried to be optimistic, despite the hideous things he had done, but the guilt was already clawing at him.  He had desecrated an angel in such a vile and unimaginable way.  Sam had tortured his friend.  Castiel saved him from hell and Sam had repaid him by brutally raping him.  It was all so disgusting, but the worst was the memory of having enjoyed it.  Sam hated himself for that.
Sam said ‘Morning’ to the room as a whole and Castiel and Dean glanced back at him in near unison, as Bobby inclined his head in acknowledgement.
It was reassuring that Castiel had decided he had enough strength to fix his clothes.  Dean smiled at him.
Glancing irritably at Dean, Sam snipped, “I’m almost done.” And he was.  He finished with the stitches and doused the wound again to disinfect it, which got a final twitch from the angel.  “Where else are we doing stitches?”
“Yeah, sitting at a table full of fucking knives, that’s real smart.”  Dean picked up the bags he had abandoned at the sight of Castiel frozen in the kitchen, shoving them onto the counter.
“I didn’t want to kill you, but now…” Castiel still had his eyes trained on Dean, who boldly interrupted.
Sam hesitated a moment. He could hear the unsteady breathing and watched as Castiel tilted his head upwards slowly and licked his lips.
When Dean had shown his face the previous morning, after being impolitely loud on the couch, Sam had been sorely tempted to tease his brother, mercilessly, about the hickey he couldn’t quite manage to hide under his collar.  If Dean had caught sight of something like that on him, he’d be done for.  But Sam had forced himself to remain silent, unsure how Dean might react at being so directly called out.  Sam wasn’t entirely sure what to call Dean’s developing relationship with Castiel, but he knew Dean was likely terrified by it and Sam wanted to be supportive.  Unfortunately, for now, that meant no teasing.  Sam just had to hope that Castiel would plant one on Dean again in the future so he could torture him about it then.
“Yeah?”  Dean glanced briefly at Castiel, before focusing on the traffic he was trying to pull into.
Try as he might, Sam was blanking on what to say next.  Castiel hadn’t really said he wanted to talk about this, but once he had volunteered the information, Sam could hardly let it go.
Hardly daring to believe it, Dean tears out of his flannel and kicks off his boots simultaneously, because this is a green light if he ever saw one.  The lab coat goes on easily enough and Dean notices a laminated ID badge pinned to his pocket.  It looks like a Sam Winchester Kinko’s specialty.  Now uncomfortably certain that Sam had some involvement in this whole scenario, Dean chooses to ignore that thought, hopefully forever.
Castiel accepted the pile of clothing from Dean.  He looked down at it, before raising his hands and burying his face in the garments.
Endless thanks for reading everyone!!  I'd love to read your thoughts in comment form.  ;D  Thanks!  Till next time.
Dean nodded, as Castiel slowly removed his coat and jacket.  It took him a minute to undo the tie and another for him to fumble to remove his shoes and socks.  Dean didn’t really realize he had been watching Castiel the whole time, until the angel stopped and looked up at him.
Watching Castiel, Dean felt many things, but affection easily beat out his other emotions.  Close behind was probably fear.  Fear that this wouldn’t work, that Castiel might not make it through this, that he would lose him again, that Dean would never know what these feelings between them might really be.  Dean had to cling to his anger so he wouldn’t succumb to his fear.  It was too much to hope everything would work out.  And besides, when did good things ever happen to Dean?
This made Cas smile and shrug.  “I wouldn’t consider this public, but at home, yes, I prefer to be naked.  It’s just more… comfortable.”
“Cas… Did you just save us hours of research?”  Dean gave Sam an open-mouthed grin of mock amazement.  “Is he awesome or what?”
Castiel stood, listening as the Impala drove away.  He walked over to the door and locked it simply because that’s what Dean always did.  Castiel thought he should have argued more.  He was certain Dean would have if they tried to leave
“After Cas broke the wall in my mind and I woke up in the panic room…” Sam trailed off and Dean waited, trying to breathe and staring at the bottle in his hand.  “When I woke up, Dean, I
eventually, and that’s all that matters.  Cas wraps his arms around Dean and Dean leans into him because now it’s time for the good fucking dream stuff to begin.  But then Sam yells, and that’s, well, not usual.
Dean pulled back.  His relief that Castiel wasn’t hurt was quickly replaced by anger that he had been in danger in the first place.
Sam and Dean were at the police station.  The first time Dean’s phone rang, he silenced it while apologizing to the officer they were speaking with and asking him to please continue.  The officer had been apprehending the man Berry, who robbed the liquor store and it was sounding more and more likely that they were dealing with a shifter.  Ones he had encountered in the past were fast, strong, agile and had regenerative abilities to heal themselves.  If one had copied the guy, it could have easily outrun some police and the broken ankle wouldn’t have been a problem.  The shifter could have fixed his borrowed form right up.
After a quick shower, they got breakfast with Sam, who told them he was down to his last pair of clean socks.  So, afterwards, they reluctantly went to the laundromat.  Dean hated doing laundry—too much down time.  The nerds were no help, both of them sat reading and left Dean to his boredom.  There were a few arcade games there and Dean spent a couple dollars shooting zombies and chomping ghosts, which killed some time.
Frowning at Sam’s denial, Castiel fought his frustration and aimed to keep his voice level, measuring each word when he replied.
“I just want you to know that you have my support.  You always do.  And Cas seems to be doing better.  So I think you two are good for each other.”
“No, Dean. I want you to fuck me,” Castiel said, looking back at him with a hand stopping Dean’s hip.
It occurred to Dean that Sam now had options if he wanted them.  It might not happen right away—it didn‘t
Castiel’s thoughts were disrupted by a rumble from Dean’s stomach that seemed loud in the silent room.  It was likely the hunter would be awake and hungry soon, so Castiel decided he would get Dean something to eat.  Locating Dean’s wallet, Castiel was uncertain how much money to take.  He never paid any attention to prices and payment when they were out to eat.  Castiel took about half of the $300—he’d be bringing the leftover money back anyway.
They met up with Sam at the diner and his good mood only irritated Dean.   As they sat down at the table together Dean was a bit dismayed when Castiel sat next to Sam instead of him.  He shot Castiel a look of indignation, but the angel was calmly perusing the menu.  Dean really needed some coffee.  He hadn’t thought Castiel was still mad this morning, but maybe he was too tired to be reading him right.  Sam was glancing curiously between the two of them and he inched his chair slightly away from Castiel when the waiter brought them all coffee.
Castiel tilted his head slightly as Dean spoke and narrowed his eyes infinitesimally.  Dean didn’t think his concern warranted a confused look like that.  Castiel should know by now that Dean cared what happened to him.
Castiel didn’t deny it, he just took his time looking at Dean.  The smile slowly slipped from Dean’s face.
So Dean moved, sliding slowly back a bit before rolling his hips forward, keeping his movements slow and pushing himself in deep.  Castiel’s dark eyes were glued to Dean’s as the hunter moved inside him.
Haphazardly shoving things into cupboards, Castiel felt like he couldn’t think straight as Dean watched him from the entrance.  This wasn’t normal behavior for Dean.  Castiel hadn’t even seen him with his shirt off before.  Since they didn’t share a bathroom and their schedules didn’t quite align, it had just never happened.  Figures that he’d be ridiculously good looking.
Pleased that Dean was soliciting his presence, Castiel removed his jacket and shoes and climbed into bed next to the hunter.  The view was even better close up.
“Shit, Cas. What… you’re wearing a suit,” Dean said, flabbergasted as he took in the crisp, tailored jacket and slim fitted, straight lines of his trousers.  The fabric was dark blue, almost black in the inadequate bathroom lighting.  Cas had a matching waistcoat and lighter blue tie.  He was impeccably put together and Dean found he wanted to wreck every part of him.
Pleased, Dean pressed against Castiel, slowly sliding past his rim, watching as Castiel’s ass gradually devoured him.  Darting glances between Castiel and his ass, Dean was relieved to see the angel’s face remained calm.  None of his changing reactions or small noises appeared pained or distressed.  Dean bit his lip as he sank deeper, marveling at the heat and wonderful tightness until he was fully sheathed in the angel with his hands resting on his chest.
Clearing his throat, Dean pulled away from the angel, “Good. Okay, well I have to get Sam to Bobby’s.  I’m gonna pre-pay the room for a couple more nights.  You just rest here until you’re healed up.  I have some food I can leave for you in case you feel like eating, maybe clothes?”
When they said goodnight to Sam in front of his motel door, Castiel shocked them both by awkwardly hugging the hunter.  Sam made an alarmed face at Dean over Castiel’s shoulder as he stiffly patted the angel’s back, holding him loosely.
The shifter took a swing at Castiel.  As a shifter he was quicker than humans, but Castiel still managed to dodge out of the way and the iron made a slight whistling noise as it cut through the air.  Castiel felt fear clawing at his insides.  This couldn’t happen again.  This wasn’t even Sam. It was a creature and it could turn into
“I appreciate your apologies, Dean, but maybe you’re right.  We’ve both made many mistakes, it might be mutually beneficial if we agree to move past the regret.  I don’t want to continually upset you.”
Dean shifted uneasily, recalling the conversation.  “Yeah, he forgave you.  I tried to apologize since you couldn’t and uh, he forgave us both.  I didn’t know about it at the time of course, but I think he felt partly responsible since your missing soul was kind of his fault.”
Cas drops his head back against the cushioned table with a grunt, his red cock bobbing and leaking. “Dean,” he growls it.
It was later when Sam had disappeared and Dean was on his fourth or maybe fifth beer that his attempts to keep to himself failed.  He had been encouraging Castiel to try bites of different bar food and after enough cajoling the angel humored Dean.  He was unimpressed by coleslaw, mozzarella sticks, and even nachos.  Dean had found that no matter how much hot sauce he drowned a tortilla chip in, Castiel could eat it without complaint or even wanting a sip of water.  Dean was entertained and wondered if there was some sort of hot sauce eating contest he should enter Castiel in.  Not that the prizes were likely to be glamorous, but it would be hilarious to watch the angel calmly eating hot peppers while the other contestants sweated it out.
Dean brought Castiel’s fingers to his mouth and sucked on two of them, while Castiel looked on in dazed surprise. Removing the fingers, Dean licked Castiel’s palm.
Sam removed his boot from Castiel’s chest and crouched over him, gripping his jaw tightly so he could secure his belt around the angel’s neck and cinch it snugly. Castiel struggled against Sam’s bruising grip, uselessly, and kicked his legs at nothing.
Castiel was looking wildly at Dean in confusion and his eyes darted around the room looking for a threat.  Dean reached for Castiel, intending to grip his arm in comfort, but Castiel snatched his arm away, shaking his head.
“Ah, well, I couldn’t have been listening that closely if you were able to sneak up on me,” Dean winked at him, completely unabashed.
The drive back to the motel was mainly quiet.  Castiel had been sitting in the back seat when Dean and Sam returned to the car and offered no further details on what had happened while he was trapped.  Although, he did explain about how a fake Dean had called the motel pretending to need help before Crowley got on the line.  It pissed Dean off that some shifter had used him as bait to lure Castiel into danger.  Unable to keep his mouth shut, Dean started to reprimand Castiel for rushing into what was clearly a trap when Sam interrupted him.
Sam scratched at his chin with his knuckles and sipped his coffee. Glancing up at Dean again, it would have been impossible to miss the disbelieving glare Dean was throwing at him.
They had stopped to eat shortly after getting on the road, primarily because Dean could only deny himself coffee for so long in the morning.  They were passing by a whole lot of nothing at the moment and Dean couldn’t get a clear radio station to come in.  He reached for his box of tapes, but Sam said he wanted to pick and Dean generously let him.
Sam woke up alone in the panic room.  His head and his heart hurt; he remembered everything that he had forgotten from the time he spent soulless.  Still sitting on the cot, Sam held his head in his hands, the rush of memories was overwhelming.
He imagined Dean would be doing worse, drowning himself in liquor and self-loathing.  It didn’t seem like such a stretch to think that Sam hated himself for what he had done.  The hunter had stated that he hated his actions.  If it were Dean, Castiel would have to attempt to reason with him and assure him that he wasn’t to blame, that he wasn’t wicked or unforgivable.
There was no doubt in Dean’s mind that Castiel was angry.  He could hear it in his voice and the angel was no longer looking away from him the way he had been before.  Instead, he was almost glaring at Dean in defiance.  Dean wasn’t sure how to proceed, but he started with sitting back again.
Though Castiel still hadn’t met Dean’s eyes again, he had raised his head and seemed to be gazing somewhere near Dean’s chest.  Although he had sort of fucked it up on the way there, Dean felt like he had said more or less what he wanted to, so he waited patiently for Castiel to respond.
“Okay. Good.  Dean doesn’t usually like to waste a lot of time on things that aren’t cases, but I have a feeling that if you want to, he’ll be more likely to agree,” Sam explained.
With that, Castiel dominated Dean with a kiss, while Dean surrendered happily, struggling feebly and savoring the thrill of relinquishing control to someone he trusted implicitly, to someone who could actually overpower him.  Submitting to a supernatural being like Castiel came with an enticing element of danger that Dean found arousing.  He figured it’d be good for both of them.  Castiel could be assertive in a sexual setting and regain some of the power that had previously been taken from him.  The fact that it was insanely hot was simply an added bonus.
The demon met the angel’s eyes and Castiel roughly released him, watching as Crowley smoothed out his jacket calmly.  Castiel had to resist his anger.  If Dean and Sam weren’t here, then he needed Crowley to tell him where they were.
“What are you talking about?”  Castiel asked, from the armchair he was sitting in with his laptop in front of him.
“I need you to shut up,” Castiel said, taking hold of Dean and stroking him roughly.  Dean was already pretty aroused and hardened further under Castiel’s single-minded efforts.
Dean got cleaned up and unabashedly changed his pants on the side of the road, poorly hidden by the Impala.  He couldn’t walk into Bobby’s like that.  When Dean leaned against the back door to pull his jeans on, he spied Castiel observing him in the passenger side mirror.  Evidently, the angel found nothing wrong with looking at Dean in various stages of undress and Dean kind of liked the attention.  Maybe Cas needed some time to warm up to the idea of nudity and being undressed himself.
It was good that Castiel was pressed right up against Dean, because his voice became so soft, Dean didn’t know if he would have heard him otherwise.  Dean bit his cheek in anger as he listened and slowly rubbed circles on Castiel’s back to calm him.
At the diner, Sam and Bobby once again sat next to each other, so that Dean and Castiel could sit together on the other side of the table.  Sam felt a little proud of himself that he even thought of asking for a table instead of a booth.  He knew Dean wouldn’t want to slide in and he didn’t want Castiel to feel trapped between him and the wall.  It was little stuff like that that Sam was determined to watch out for.  He thought he was off to a pretty good start and it wasn’t like it was an inconvenience to the rest of them.  No one cared if they had a booth or not.
Mouthing along his roommate’s jaw, Dean groaned when Castiel straightened up, shifting his weight to his hips again and limiting Dean’s movement.  Settling one hand on Dean’s ribs and the other behind him, just above his knee, Castiel rolled his hips in turbulent circles.
Before he attempted to get up, Castiel briefly puzzled where to go. He was reluctant to return to heaven in his vulnerable state, he wouldn’t be able to defend himself if he encountered any Raphael supporters. Although he was working with Crowley, he hardly wanted the demon to see him weakened. Castiel didn’t really trust him, their arrangement was just mutually beneficial. He felt he could appear to Bobby Singer and believed the surly hunter would likely help him, but there was only one person he truly felt he’d like to see at the moment. Although it might be unwise, he had already decided to go to Dean. There was never really any doubt in his mind. The hunter was his friend. Castiel knew he could trust Dean and he couldn’t imagine feeling safe anywhere else at the moment, even alone.
Sam seemed amused by Castiel’s useless exclamation and he looked steadily down at the injured angel glaring up at him.
Dean didn’t really want Castiel to leave, but it wasn’t like they were exactly having a stellar conversation at the moment.
But then Castiel could hear Sam nearby again and he stomped his feet about for a minute or two. Suddenly, Castiel could feel the connection to his grace again and he knew Sam must have broken the ring of fire. Sam spoke. “I dunno if that’ll get eaten up by the flames, so you might want to move quickly if you want to get out of there.” And then Sam walked away.
John had always had a stern hand, one that Dean had been certain to keep trained on himself instead of Sam.  Dean had never confessed to his brother or Cas that his father’s drinking and behavior had gotten even worse once Sam had left for Stanford.
As they left the station, Sam suggested that they go speak to Berry’s wife who had made a vague report about seeing wispy black smoke in her house while they were both at home during the time of the robbery.  It was probably best to check it out.  Although, it seemed unlikely that the case would involve shapeshifters and demons, but still there was a first time for everything.
As if considering the question, Castiel looked down at himself before he said, “No.  It was just temporary pain.”
,” Sam hissed, crowding in front of the angel to try and block him from view. “You can’t kill him on the street in broad daylight.”
The sensation of Castiel moving inside him while he grasped Dean tightly, mimicking the pace of his hips with his hand, had Dean overwhelmed with the indulgence.  Dean lifted his leg and rolled partly onto his back, improving Castiel’s ability to penetrate him deeply.  He felt vaguely embarrassed that he was so close to the edge so soon, but then Castiel grazed his prostate perfectly and he was adrift with pleasure, uncaring.
“Okay,” Sam began, as Castiel looked to him for the plan.  “Here’s what we do.  We want to take this guy by surprise just in case he has any other powers. We can’t give him a chance to work any magic against us.  You wait in the bathroom, Cas.  I’m gonna stay outside so I can get a weapon out of the trunk after they come in.  You
As Dean slowly woke up, disoriented, he remembered he was in the currently upside down Impala with Bobby.
When Dean woke up after the night in the shared room, he thought Castiel was okay.  He had been sitting on the edge of the bed looking rumpled from having his suit on all night, but otherwise he seemed like himself.  Dean didn’t want him to be uncomfortable again, so he made sure they got a second room at the motel for the additional nights they spent there.
Dean had been looking around for Sam when two women sprang into his field of vision.  They were all smiles and stood next to the table in between Dean and Castiel introducing themselves as Tanya and Jen.
“God, yes,” Dean gasped, straining upwards and twisting his arms in a half-hearted attempt to free them.
Sam used both hands and didn’t hesitate to exploit the angel’s injuries to his advantage as he wrestled Castiel into submission.  Both of them were panting a bit after the struggle, but Sam found his way into Castiel’s shorts again.  Leaning over Castiel, Sam licked at his ear and breathed, “Seems like I’m going to have to teach you to behave.  This could be a regular thing, you know, until you learn some manners...”
While they were at Bobby’s it seemed to Dean that Castiel must have thought it would be respectful or appropriate to keep a bit of distance from Dean unless they were alone.  Apart from a stray hand laid briefly on his arm or Castiel’s preference to sit next to him at the table and rest his hand on Dean’s knee, they didn’t have any physical contact in front of Sam and Bobby. So far, their affections had been saved for the privacy of the small bedroom upstairs, where they had only been kissing and maybe caressing, before tangling themselves together so Dean could sleep and Castiel could keep careful watch.
“Shut up, Cas. This can be easy or painful for you. You’ll cooperate if you know what’s good for you.”
“But… I’m… at the doctor,” Cas whispers back hesitantly, frowning at him, like he can’t possibly imagine any other reason for such a visit.
“No,” Dean ground out.  “That’s not what—this isn’t anything, Cas.  It’s a big fucking mistake, man, so let it go.  I just had too much to drink.”
Though Castiel didn’t know Lisa or her son, he knew they were important to Dean.  The idea of them defenseless at the hands of demons filled Castiel with dread.  He knew what it was to be helpless and he vowed to save them.
After a moment Dean lowered his gun and glanced hesitantly at Castiel, who was still watching him.  Dean couldn’t quite meet Castiel’s eyes as he shuffled towards him.
“Just listen to the message,” Sam said in the same worried voice as Dean snatched the phone from him and played it again.
“Come on, Cas. Fuck, just, let go,” Dean prompted, releasing himself and gripping Castiel, sliding his fist and fingers hard and quick.
“Please, Cas, you’re a terrible liar.  At least try to make them remotely believable.  Lies should have
Unfortunately, Dean was right, as usual, and Castiel was not there.  Instead, Crowley and Raphael seemed to be in the middle of their own incantation which Dean couldn’t let them complete.  He aimed for Raphael’s back and threw the angel blade right at him (her?), but Raphael simply caught it and Crowley knocked them both off the top of the staircase they had been standing on, with a few lazy gestures, before returning to his spell.
“Not a bit,” Dean said truthfully, returning to his task.  The idea of Castiel apologizing before he died only pissed him off.  He wasn’t fucking allowed to die.  Dean needed him here.  They were so close; Castiel couldn’t just give up now.
“Yes.  Though it would be more accurate to call it an absolute truth.  And it applies to Sam too.  I will not hesitate to crush you just as thoroughly for harming him,” Castiel vowed, never looking away from John.
kiss him back and if this conversation doesn’t go well, he’ll just pretend he doesn’t remember it ever happening. He
It wasn’t too long before such an opportunity presented itself.  After the dragon case, they had stuck around Bobby’s for a couple of days. Dean had wanted to keep an eye on Sam after Castiel had blurted the truth to him.  He thought it might be helpful to have Bobby around in case Sam took a turn for the worse.  Unable to know what to expect if the wall came down, Dean believed being somewhere familiar would likely be better too, they’d have the home-field advantage.  So when Bobby announced one morning after breakfast that he was going to try and unload some of the gold they had come across and Sam offered to go with him, Dean decided it was a good a time as any to try and reach out to Castiel.
It was barely dinner time, but Dean removed his clothes, so he could sleep in his shorts and t-shirt.  Castiel followed his lead, changing into the sweats he sometimes borrowed.  Dean texted Sam that they were going to sleep so he wouldn’t worry.  Dinner could wait, there was no way Dean was going to leave Castiel alone while he got something to eat and he didn’t want to drag Castiel off to a diner when he was exhausted.
Dean didn’t miss the fact that Sam’s apologies and regrets didn’t seem to include anything about Castiel.  It made sense that the angel would have avoided the topic.  Dean couldn’t imagine wanting to bring it up to Sam, and it hadn’t happened to
Castiel felt completely foolish.  He had gotten himself trapped for nothing.  Dean had never been in danger.  And now he was in the presence of a vengeful demon and a creature who could replicate the two men he had been trying to save in order to torment him.
So when he took a couple steps back to admire his work, wiping his forehead with the back of his hand, the shot of water to his side caught him by surprise and he foolishly turned towards the stream while trying to block it with his arm.  Castiel hadn’t left him in the line of fire for long, but the right side of his t-shirt was drenched anyway. Dean left his wet arms where they were in the air, like he was carrying someone bridal style. He turned to look at the angel.
Sam quickly wiped at his face, to get rid of the few tears he hadn’t been able to hold back.  For some reason Sam didn’t feel so embarrassed crying in front of Castiel.  He wasn’t sure if it was because the angel might not understand that men considered it a weakness or if it was just because Castiel seemed like he barely noticed the tears at all.  Either way, it made it much easier for Sam to reign in his emotions.
Dean was authoritatively telling Castiel that he should eat something, despite Castiel’s objections that he was an angel and food was not required to sustain him.  Castiel soon relented though, and wouldn’t you know it, instead of giving his precious doughnut to the angel, Dean had stolen one of Sam’s energy bars.  Typical.
“You can put down a piece for me, Cas,” Bobby requested and Castiel nodded and returned to the counter to toast bread next to Dean.
It took all of Dean’s self-control to keep himself from bolting out of the bed.  He gaped, dumbly, at Castiel, in shock.
Shaking her head, Maya answered no.  “How is this even a case?  Is it because she killed that other woman?”
As they waited for their food, Bobby was attempting to engage Castiel in a news article about some ancient bones that had recently been found in a cave in South Africa.  Castiel tilted his head towards the paper as Bobby pointed at the pictures, asking if Castiel could tell by looking if it was a whole new species or not.  Bobby was a voracious reader and knowledgeable on a broad spectrum of topics, and Sam could see that he and Castiel seemed to get on easily enough.  The two of them were discussing early human evolution when the waitress dropped off their plates.
Castiel was grateful that Dean decided to work outside on cars that morning, because it meant he could stay outside with him and he didn’t have to be near Sam.  It was soothing to stand in the sun idly, while Dean worked and listened to the radio.  They didn’t speak much since Dean was often under the car, but a few times Dean took a break to stand with Castiel and drink his beer.  On one such occasion Dean seemed a bit fidgety, peeling absently at the bottle’s label.
“Cas, this was, uh, great and everything, but, wow, there’s so much more I have to show you.  Even better than this, you’ll love it,” Dean promised Castiel with a brief kiss.
“Let’s get you opened up,” Dean says, holding up a speculum so Cas can see it, because as much as he wants to be inside Cas professional protocol demands he gets a good look before he plugs that hole.
“Um, just the other day.  Thought it, uh, might be good to have a few changes of clothes, you know. That way if we have a longer case, he won’t look weird wearing the same thing every day.  Cas was just making sure it all fit.  Lemme put that beer in the fridge,” Dean changed the topic and quickly stole the beer out of Sam’s hands.
“Mmm, simply sinful,” the demon said, raking his eyes over Castiel.  “Now, I know all about your one-night stand.  I got it all in great detail from Sam here—riveting stuff.   Quite frankly, I didn’t know Moose had it in him.”
The last thing Dean wanted to do was move.  He would have been perfectly happy to fall asleep half on top of Castiel, but they were downstairs on the couch, half naked and in need of getting cleaned up.  Oh God, Bobby and Sam were gonna kill him.  It was too much to hope that neither of them heard anything.  Dean didn’t have that kind of luck.
Bobby and Sam insisted they keep it a secret from Castiel that they were looking for Crowley.  Dean really hated lying to Castiel.  It just didn’t feel right.  If possible Dean felt even worse about it, because they had never resolved the kiss fiasco. Not that he was keen on talking about that, but Dean felt like it made his deception worse.  He had fucked up his platonic friendship with a drunken kiss and then proceeded to deceive the guy. Dean tried to content himself with the fact that the lies were temporary.
There was a flicker of understanding in Castiel’s eyes, but he was still looking warily at Dean, waiting for an explanation.
Dean barreled over him, “You’re a frigging child, you know that?  Just because you can do what you want, doesn’t mean that you get to do
Castiel’s cock was leaking pre-cum and Dean swiped his thumb at the head to ease the glide of his fingers over the silken flesh as he quickened his pace.  Dean had only ever done this for himself, but Castiel didn’t seem to realize he was a novice.  The angel was writhing beneath Dean, with his hands everywhere except where Dean really wanted them.  Stilling his hand, Dean found that Castiel was willing to thrust upwards into his fist in order to maintain the friction.  It was all manner of hot, but Dean wanted more.
“Nah, not really.  Flirting was getting a little handsy, but that’s how it goes sometimes in bars,” Dean said with a shrug.
Castiel tried to drop out of Sam’s grasp back onto the bed, but Sam held on and lowered him slowly, reluctantly letting him go once he and Dean had gotten him lying down again.
“Exactly, Dean.  We never do anything just for fun, but we just had that successful vampire hunt and then that mess with the shifter.  We should take a break.  Might as well relax a bit… and Cas told me he wanted to do stuff like this.  The three, well, four of us having fun, right, Cas?”
“You got any?  Cause I’m planning on rolling in and taking that damn demon out for good.  I’m not leaving Cas alone in there one second longer than he has to be.”
Sam became aware of several things at once as he struggled to catch his breath, coughing through years of dust swirling around him.  He had fallen into the cellar and the quick vampires had already woken up because of all the noise.  He had let go of his blade at some point and it had either not fallen all the way to the basement or else it was buried under the broken boards littering the floor around him.  It was too dark to see much but Sam grabbed for his smaller knife; the syringe in his pocket was broken.  Neither item was much use against eight vamps though.
They had a new plan.  Get Castiel to the lab and reopen purgatory during the eclipse (that Death promised to make for them) and ‘compel’ him to return all the souls.  Dean thought the plan was hopeless, that Castiel couldn’t be reasoned with, and once they were back at Bobby’s he settled in with a drink and some cartoon porn to evidently kill time until Castiel destroyed the world.  It didn’t help when Sam tried to be the optimistic one, because Dean was still pissed that Sam hadn’t told him about the hallucinations.
It was still dark out and he guessed it might be around four in the morning.  He still felt tired, but not sleepy, so Dean couldn’t be certain that he’d drift off again.  There was little point in showering before Sam came back though, especially since the closest diner he had seen was too far to walk for the coffee that he would inevitably want once he decided to get up.
On that note the angel had seen fit to leave them.  They both absently cast looks around the yard as if Castiel might have simply appeared somewhere else.
But the table height is all wrong, Dean’s caught between a bend and a crouch and it’s wreaking havoc with his back. He reluctantly straightens up, Cas’s hand falling from his hair to his thigh. Keeping his grip firm on Cas’s cock, Dean works his fist up and down, watching.
Castiel hummed slightly in response and Dean smirked and kept stroking him, a little tighter.  The angel felt hot and smooth in Dean’s hand and Dean surprised himself by thinking that he looked damn good down here, too.  Dismissing that thought, Dean steeled himself and held Castiel low, bringing his lips to the head of his cock.  Wetting his lips, he took Castiel into his mouth slowly.  The angel’s hips jolted upwards and Dean pulled back, unprepared for the sudden movement.
The next morning, Dean woke early, feeling well-rested and was surprised that Castiel didn’t stir as he left the bed.  As he showered, Dean wondered if it were possible the angel was getting used to sleeping at night, but that seemed unlikely.  As far as he could tell Castiel was always awake when Dean drifted off and woke up.  Maybe the angel had made a conscious decision to rest, like he did when he needed to heal.
Castiel was fearing the same thing Dean was, but the angel couldn’t die.  Dean wouldn’t let him.  He felt a rush of anger at Castiel.  The idiot angel thought he could come back and make Dean hope again and then try to say goodbye right away?!  Not a chance.
“You better watch yourself, Dean. Or I’ll teach you some damn respect,” John threatened, voice low and dangerous as he laid a hand over his belt buckle. Dean’s eyes darted to it and he took a step back.
Dean tried to apologize, but he wasn’t very good at it.  For all his nonchalance in regular conversation his attempts to make amends were clunky and Castiel usually cut him off before he got very far.  Though Dean appeared sincere, he didn’t seem entirely confident about what he was apologizing for.  If anything it sounded like he was sorry that Castiel was upset with him.
“He shouldn’t have any hallucinations, but Sam was having some issues even before I broke the wall.  I think it should be better this time around though.  Since he remembers everything he did, there is no danger of unknown issues arising from the time lapses or memory gaps.  Sam knows everything and it’s to his benefit.”
“Dean! The shifter, we need the silver knife and bullets… dammit” Sam mumbled, turning back to the trunk and grabbing out supplies.  Dean was always so impatient and Sam understood his brother’s desperation to get inside, but he was being foolish about it.
“Shit, you think I don’t know that?” Dean answered angrily.  “This isn’t my first fucking rodeo, okay, asshole?”
Sam set a punishing pace and Castiel cried out again unable to form coherent words. His ass was burning and his leg still trembled, sometimes seizing up in pain depending on what angle Sam chose to ram into him.
Still thrusting, Sam smacked Castiel lightly in the face after a minute or two to get his attention.
The heat and glide of Castiel’s cock against his own was all Dean needed.  He gripped them together firmly, as they both thrust and moved into the same magnificent friction that was each other and Dean’s fingers.  Castiel tilted his head back against the couch, baring his neck and softly gasping Dean’s name, as he shakily brought his hand to join Dean’s, aiding in the effort to keep them aligned.
“Well, start with eliminatin’ the house, then.  Go check your room and I’ll check the basement.  Sam you stay here.”
Fuming, Castiel suppressed his impulsively violent thoughts.  He was certain they were going to the motel; they had gotten close to the area it was located in.  Reluctantly, Castiel flew back to Sam.
Standing up from the bed, Dean felt alarmed by Castiel’s words and behavior.  He had noticed him messing with his shirt like that in the car earlier.  This was so messed up.  Castiel was so confused, and Dean was playing catch-up trying to fix things.  He took a step towards Castiel hoping to get his attention.
When Dean decided to go on a supply run after lunch, Castiel insisted on going with him.  The hunters had been keeping Castiel away from people, fearing someone might recognize him from the photos and video that had been captured of him when he had been playing God and smiting sinners.  He couldn’t risk being seen in his regualr outfit.
“I read about this,” Cas says, quiet and a little breathy.  “How doctors palpate the rectum internally to assess potential problems.  It’s a skill that takes a lot of practice.”
Cas turns up in a dream while everything is going to shit and Dean really wants to wake up like fucking yesterday but for some reason slicing into himself has lost its appeal after so many times. And Cas is there,  hovering close-by, making some observation that only Cas would notice and instead of reaching for his knife Dean reaches for that stupid trenchcoat, hauling Cas in close and planting one on him.
Sam looked with disbelief at Bobby, as he sunk into the seat next to him.  Bobby barely looked up from his reading.
Intending to simply observe in order to ascertain where they were going, Castiel still found it challenging to refrain from interfering.  Venomous thoughts plagued him as if he were the one who had been exposed to something toxic.  Perhaps Sam was correct in calling him jealous, but it was more than that.  Dean might not be in danger, but he had lost control of his faculties and his thoughts and words were essentially coerced.  It made Castiel uncomfortable to envision where these artificial actions would lead.  Knowing that Dean was being manipulated into expressing feigned affection did little to alleviate the flood of anger Castiel felt when the hunter started kissing the neck of the ghancanaga.  It made it worse.
Dean found himself wondering.  He tried to set Castiel gently on the bed, but it was hard with Dean holding most of his weight.  Still, he managed to help his friend lie down and found himself feeling shocked again now that he could look at the angel properly.
Standing from the bed, Dean realized that Castiel still hadn’t fixed his clothes and they were covered in blood.  “Uh, why don’t you take that stuff off, Cas? Your clothes are a mess.”
Smearing his thumb through the fluid at the tip, Dean stroked Castiel to further hardness.  When the angel dropped his forehead against Dean’s and bit his own lip with a sharp inhale, Dean knew it was an opportune time.  He moved one leg so he could press his knee along Castiel’s hip and pushed against it, quickly seizing Castiel’s arms as he rushed forward, flipping Castiel and forcing him onto his back again.  The angel went easily enough and looked appropriately confused for a moment, but then Dean caught his wrists and tried to trap them above Castiel’s head.
Dean could tell he was getting it all wrong, he knew he wasn’t saying the right things.  Castiel had looked increasingly uncomfortable as Dean babbled on and had looked away from Dean to stare at the floor.  Christ, he was even looking flushed.
Sam woke up in the Impala next to Dean.  He had had the weirdest dream, Fate was after them and Balthazar had prevented the Titanic from sinking, because he hated the Celine Dion song.  Sam didn’t make a habit of sharing his bizarre dreams, but this was one he had to tell Dean about.  It was just too messed up.  It only got weirder when they discovered they had both had the same dream.
Watching for Dean’s signal, Sam brought his blade down in one swift motion, successfully decapitating the vamp in front of him.  Immediately, Sam hopped off the chair he had been standing on, prepared to fight the last vampire if they had to, but his feet never hit anything solid.  As soon as they made contact with the floor, the boards cracked loudly and he didn’t stop falling, rushing downwards into the dark as wood and debris rained down around him.  Sam fell with his arms windmilling, confused that he was going so far.  He glimpsed the quickly vanishing living room before he loudly crashed through more weak wood, falling still further into a darker, damp room.  Finally, he collided with solid ground in a painful heap that knocked the wind out of him.
“No, she was just bragging about the close proximity of her apartment to the bar.  It’s evidently furnished to encourage relaxing.”
Dean couldn’t answer at first, wondering why this man he’d only met in person once before—and very briefly—to see the apartment, was completely unperturbed, standing naked in front of him.  He wasn’t embarrassed at all and Dean didn’t want to make things awkward on day one, so he tried to laugh it off.
It wasn’t the oddest thing Sam might have said.  Perhaps Sam was relieved that, while soulless, he hadn’t taken his actions too far and killed Castiel.
Dean couldn’t resist licking up and down his ass again and tonguing the entrance, before returning his fingers to dip deeply into Castiel.  He watched them disappear and added a third, stretching Castiel further.  Bringing his free hand to Castiel’s cock, he found the angel was dripping in his excitement and he jerked him lightly.
“I dunno, Dean, do you think the ghancanagh would come back here since he knew the people he infected would be desperately searching for him?” Sam wondered.
Allowing Dean to maneuver him, Castiel was still on his hands and knees over Dean, but he was facing away from him.  He glanced back uncertainly at Dean who was adjusting the pillows behind himself so he was more propped up.  Then the hunter grasped his hips and pulled him back so Castiel’s calves were under Dean’s shoulders and his thighs were resting on his biceps.  Castiel noticed Dean’s warm breath ghosting over his skin before he felt his tongue licking at him.
Slowly, Castiel pulled back, sucking Dean the whole way and Dean could only watch as his cock emerged, glistening.  Then Castiel was trying it again and Dean couldn’t stop the forward jerk of his hips.  Castiel startled and retreated slightly while Dean gasped an apology, but then the angel recovered and he swallowed Dean down a bit more confidently.
, he hadn’t meant to screw things up so badly.  Initially, he had thought he had been handling the situation with Castiel well. He had treated his wounds, gotten Soulless Sam away from him when he realized the truth, he had offered to talk with Castiel, researched the subject… But he shut him out after that damn kiss and things had only gotten worse.  Dean had to resist sighing audibly in the car.
Easing himself out of the bed, Castiel switched back into his clothing and appeared in Sam’s room.  It was dark inside and Castiel watched Sam sleep for a minute.  He was sprawled across the whole mattress, twisted up in the blankets with his long limbs sticking out and Castiel smiled.
It hurt as Sam pushed in roughly and Castiel tried not to whine in his throat. He had to bite down hard on his lips as Sam bottomed out inside him and Castiel tasted blood in his mouth. Sam had stilled for a few long moments before moving again and the drag as Sam pulled back almost all the way seemed to last too long. Then Sam was thrusting into Castiel harder and more quickly than before. He set a steady pace and he was fairly certain he heard the angel choking back a sob.
“Cas, I’m so glad you’re safe.  I—I need you here.  If—if anything h-had happened to you…” Dean trailed off, looking away from his friend.
They spent the rest of the day driving west to put distance between themselves and the extra crispy vampires nest.  Another town, another motel, another bar for dinner.  They had only just arrived and already Dean couldn’t remember what the name of the town was.  It didn’t matter.  They were ultimately just passing through.  The bar was surprisingly crowded and Sam raised his voice to be heard over the music, informing Dean that it was, in fact, a Friday night.  Dean quickly realized that they were likely in a college town as well, judging by the number of youthful looking women in the bar.  The ratio was in their favor.  At least there was no harm in looking.
Sam backed up a bit so they weren’t so close together.  “Listen Cas.  I know I already apologized for what I did and you said you forgave me—”
Castiel moved even closer, crowding Death, “And how would you know?  What are you, really?  A flyswatter?”
So Bobby wanted some company on the floor, maybe that wasn’t such a bad idea.  Dean cautiously moved to begin kneeling, his eyes on the angel and Sam followed the motion, but they didn’t get very far before Castiel interrupted them.
“Uh huh,” Sam said, unconvinced.  He paused.  “Dean, you do know, that I have absolutely no problem with you and Cas, right?  You’re the only one who acts weird about it sometimes.”
“Don’t do that, Dean,” Sam huffed impatiently.  “Don’t be an idiot about Cas.  We’ve got enough issues.  Don’t start clinging to denial now.”
Dean tried to muffle his words as he whispered them into Castiel’s neck, but the angel still heard him.  Though Dean said them in a rather confrontational way, like he was expecting Castiel to reject him for it, Castiel responded calmly, sincerely.
Reaching for the blood pressure cuff, Dean wraps it snugly around Cas’s upper arm, pushing the short sleeve of his gown out of the way.
you fucking wanted this,” Dean said, strongly gripping his hips and driving recklessly into Castiel.
“I’ll remember that for next time,” Castiel said, smiling.  “You would be amenable to sexual engagements in the future?”
I was pretty pleased with this chapter.  I know things are still terrible and canon-like, but it won't stay that way forever.  Promise.
It was hard not to feel a little pleased with himself as Dean took in Castiel’s dazed expression, the flush in his cheeks, and the disarray of his hair.  The sight of Castiel staring intently down at him, with his t-shirt collar awry, and wetting his parted lips was a sinful look for the angel and Dean thought he could get used to it.
Castiel smothered a pillow over Dean and his big mouth, biting his lip once he couldn’t be seen.  Dean’s fingers must have been thicker than his, two were already feeling so good.
“We’re leaving, Cas,” Sam called as he pushed Dean in the direction of the exit and dug cash out of his wallet.  Finally, Castiel was moving, abruptly following after Dean, as Sam left a generous amount of money for dinner and drinks on the nearest table.
“I’m not a child, Dean.  And I’m not afraid of demons or Crowley.  I should come with you,” Castiel argued.
Dean chuckled as Castiel’s expression wavered between sulky indignation and piqued interest.  He backed up a few steps closer to the door.
to get revenge.  Don’t cross me again or there will be no hesitation on my part to destroy you.  You will stay away from the Winchesters.”
Moving so there was a little more space between them, Dean tugged at Castiel’s pants and boxers so they fell down around his ankles.  Dean got Castiel to step out of them and then he was propelling the naked angel forward until his chest was flat against the wall.  Castiel looked back over his shoulder at Dean and the hunter kissed him as he pressed into him.
It was fully Dean’s intention to release Castiel at that moment, but somehow, Castiel beat him to it.  Castiel’s hands were suddenly gripping Dean’s wrists, holding him in place, and he stepped back the small distance that he was able, easily removing himself from Dean’s grasp.  Dean blinked at Castiel, sometimes he forgot how much stronger the angel was.
“Oh,” Dean said distractedly taking in Castiel’s profile, his shiny shoes and cufflinks, his perfect jawline.  “I thought it was next week.”
Dean had trailed off, uncertain how he wanted to finish his sentence, but before he could get around to it Sam jumped in.
They decided to depart later that same day, so they spent the morning preparing.  Sam was about to follow Bobby and Castiel out the door to leave, when Dean grabbed his arm to keep him inside.
“Jeeze, Dean.  I know you’re committed to the job, I wasn’t trying to insult you.  I just thought… You know what, never mind.  I guess I was wrong.  Sorry,” Sam said calmly, looking away from Dean and out the window.
Dean held Castiel loosely, listening to his even breathing, still a little stunned by what had happened.  His mind was pleasantly abuzz though and Castiel had started lazily stroking his fingertips along Dean’s side.  Soon Dean couldn’t keep his eyes open any longer.
“You don’t need this kind of juice anymore, Cas.  Get rid of it before it kills us all,” Dean urged.
“Dammit, Cas,” He groaned as he spied the angel standing at the window behind his head on the passenger’s side, looking in at him.
They slunk through the hall to the next room where they were outnumbered by one.  There was a set of occupied bunk beds and another large bed with two more vamps sprawled in it.  Castiel and Dean moved beside the two in bed together, waiting to take them out, while Sam climbed onto a wobbly chair at the end of the bunk beds.  He was positioned high enough to behead the vamp in the top bunk.  They’d all be ready to take out the last one.  Sam just hoped they wouldn’t be loud enough to wake the vamps in the basement.
“No, I didn’t.”  Castiel spoke calmly, but Sam thought he sounded a little defeated as well. “They were never born.  That’s far different from being killed, wouldn’t you say?”
Dean’s mouth fell open a little and Sam tried not to smile at his dumb expression, but Dean recovered and stalked over to hiss at Sam.
Then Castiel was kissing along Dean’s inner thighs and kneading the flesh with his fingers. Watching Dean, he saw the hunter tuck an arm behind his head so he had a better view.  Castiel knew how much Dean enjoyed his mouth, so he continued ever closer to Dean’s cock. Gently rubbing his face against it, Castiel nuzzled into him, dragging his lips and occasionally darting out his tongue.  Fingers threaded through his hair as Dean made an indistinct noise of approval.
“No, Cas.  I want your mouth.  Please,” Dean asked, hoping he wasn’t being too greedy.  He wanted to come in something besides a fist.
Castiel didn’t respond and Dean wondered if that was good enough.  He was trying to handle this stuff as well as he could, but talking was not his strong point, especially with sensitive topics and Cas was no help.  Dean thought the angel might even be less willing to discuss things than he was.  It didn’t seem right to force Castiel into further conversation so Dean dropped it and started the car.
The angel was busy devouring the sight of Dean’s chest as he trailed his fingertips across his skin.  It changed to a slight scratch of fingernails as Castiel’s hand traveled further south and Dean was just going to lose his mind.  Castiel had dropped his mouth to Dean’s neck and was kissing and sucking at the pulse point there, while deftly undoing Dean’s jeans.  The hunter was trying to reach Castie’s throat with his own tongue, longing to touch him anyway he could.
Dean chuckled, amused by Castiel’s sudden change of heart once he had realized that Dean did, in fact, want him in bed again.  Before Dean got in bed, he tidied up the table, disposing of his mainly eaten meal.  He had kind of forgotten about it.  He had just settled in, having pushed all the blankets to the end of the bed since he was feeling a little warm, when Castiel emerged in Dean’s clothes.  Previously, Dean had been considering finding something on TV for the two of them to watch for a while, but the sight of Castiel had Dean guiltily thinking of other activities he’d like to engage in with the angel.
“I’m sorry, Sam.  I didn’t mean to react like that,” Castiel said sincerely, while Sam looked dumbfounded.
“Yeah, right.  So I don’t know if it’ll work, but I have to try.  And I hate to just leave you here, but you need to heal and you shouldn’t be around Sam anyway.  So I’ll check in with you…after.”
“More to the point, no one breaks contracts with the King of Hell,” Crowley snarled, losing some of his cool exterior, but he recovered quickly and started to pace the perimeter of the circle.
Sam was a little surprised how steady Castiel had managed to keep his voice when he had finally answered. Sam had been standing behind Castiel’s back and he now stepped over him so that he would be within the angel’s line of vision. He squatted down and gave a small smile. Castiel’s eyes immediately went to the iron poker still in Sam’s grasp. Glancing down at it as well, Sam absently laid it behind himself, half in the flames, so the tip would be nice and hot if he wanted to use it again.
Dean didn’t know if he could make it.  There was a horrible sinking feeling in his chest and a loud buzzing in his ears.  It was a challenge to look down at Castiel, but Dean forced himself to do it.  How could he be gone?
The first couple days he was back, Dean kept his distance, taking in Castiel’s clothed appearance with a raised eyebrow.  Castiel saw there was something Dean wanted to say every time they crossed paths.  It was in the way Dean would purse his lips and then press them tightly together as if reconsidering with a barely there nod to himself.
That was all Dean needed to hear. He moved his hands from Castiel’s shoulders to his jaw and kissed him.  His angel was safe and Dean could feel Castiel’s arms wrapped around him, holding him close.  The danger had passed but Dean’s adrenaline was still pumping and if Sam hadn’t been there Dean would have dragged Castiel to the back of the car and kissed him everywhere to be certain he was all right.
Dean seized Castiel’s shoulder and hip and easily directed the unsuspecting angel onto his back.  Castiel blinked up at Dean, looking a little confused, as if he didn’t know how Dean was suddenly above him.  Unable to stand his t-shirt any longer, Dean pulled it off of himself in one fluid motion and tossed it away.
When Castiel adjusted slightly and caught Dean a little more directly with the roll of his hips, Dean moaned into the hot flesh of his chest, feeling thrilled that the angel was such a quick study.  He nibbled at Castiel’s collar bone, worrying the skin under his teeth and tongue.  It seemed that Castiel liked the attention of Dean’s mouth, because he pressed closer and whispered to Dean.
“Well, I guess it worked for Clark Kent,” Dean said, shrugging.  Castiel didn’t understand the reference, but the other hunters apparently knew who Dean was talking about.
“Uh, I dunno.  I thought maybe you would be able to come up with something.  He thinks you don’t want him around.”
“Our experience last night was exhilarating.  You didn’t do anything wrong, Dean.  I was all right.  After you had fallen asleep, I think I became… overwhelmed by emotions as a result of our sexual encounter.”
“Figure out how far we are from Eastonville,” Dean ordered as he dialed Castiel, fighting against the trickle of fear in his gut.  It had been too long.  Castiel wouldn’t have waited.  The angel was too friggin’ reckless and if he thought they were in trouble then he probably went.  Dean never should have left him alone.  He should have answered his phone.  Why didn’t Castiel call more than twice? Why didn’t Dean pick up when he called?  Why hadn’t he told the angel where they’d be?
“I want to put you in my mouth,” Castiel said, looking a little shyly at Dean, as he pointedly cupped him through his jeans.
Castiel tilted his head back with a soft cry and Dean kissed and licked his throat, mouthing along his jaw line and sucking at his adam’s apple.  The angel was breathless and emiting uncontrolled utterances as Dean fucked him slow and deep.  Sliding his hand from Castiel’s chest up to his neck, Dean skimmed his fingers over Castiel’s lips. Castiel licked and bit at the pads of Dean’s fingers before Dean slid them forward into the angel’s mouth.  Sucking them eagerly, Castiel hummed and gasped around Dean’s fingers as they gently massaged his tongue.
Dean held his hair as he shuddered forward, emptying his load in Castiel’s mouth, but the angel didn’t seem to mind, he just continued to suck and lick, swallowing everything.  Completely spent, Dean leaned against the wall, suddenly realizing the hot water had finally diminished to just luke warm.  Castiel was back in his arms, gently kissing Dean’s neck.  Dean found Castiel’s lips and kissed him leisurely, carding his fingers through the angel’s wet hair.  Feeling sated and exhaused, Dean shut off the water and exited the shower, briefly drying himself off.  Then he did the same for Castiel after the angel just stood, watching and dripping everywhere.
“Oh, um, well if they were doing everything the same… then I think it might not have been that bad,” Sam said hesitantly.  “After Cas was trapped, um, I knocked him out, blow to the head with the iron—”
The drowsy uncertainty vanished from Castiel’s voice as he spoke again, trying to move as Dean put his weight behind the hand on his back holding him down.
Dean didn’t know what else to say.  They had already ventured deep into chick-flick territory and Dean knew they needed a change of topic.  He tried to think of a witty comment that might deflect them into safer areas of conversation, but he was tired and distracted by the comforting weight of Castiel’s hand on his arm.
Bobby had gone across the street to buy a newspaper and Sam was standing around the Impala drinking his coffee, waiting for Dean and Castiel.
fuck and touch him,” Crowley said loudly and Dean knew he was saying it like that to mess with Castiel.
him, he was still the person walking around doing it.  Unable to argue with this, Dean felt content that Sam was repentant and determined to set things right, which was
Well, now it was making more sense.  Dean shook his head and moved his elbow to gently knock Tanya’s hand away.
“Taste so good,” Dean said as he pressed his lips along the length, dipping lower to lick and mouth Castiel’s balls.
Then Castiel was yelling at them to run, and for good reason, because it looked like dozens of demons were on their way to screw Dean’s shit life up even more.  Dean didn’t want to leave Castiel there, trapped and alone, he truly didn’t, but there was no time to consider other options.   Though secretly, Dean was glad to be running away, because looking at Castiel had been getting too fucking painful.
Sam smoothed a hand through his hair and tried to convince himself that it was a good thing Dean asked those questions.  This was all about moving forward and helping Castiel recover.  It was baffling that Dean chose to bring this up right before the three of them piled into the car together, but it was the first time Castiel hadn’t been at Dean’s side in a while.  Accepting that Dean wouldn’t want to sit next to him for hours at the moment, Sam left the house and made his way towards the back of the Impala.
Sam could see the regret on Castiel’s face and he recalled the night before his friends had died.  They had tried to get Castiel drunk and Bobby had made all of them pose for a family photo.  It wasn’t quite like losing them again, but it hadn’t been that long since they had had to say goodbye.
to be.  With a few more desperate thrusts Dean got there, shoving himself into Cas and shooting his load inside him.  Grunting through the last few forward motions, Dean careened into Cas, coming with a final moan.
Castiel was dressed by the time Dean emerged from the bathroom.  At first the angel didn’t agree that Dean needed the marks healed, telling Dean they didn’t hurt, but Dean managed to convince him it was for appearances.
“That’s what I just said. He’s not healing right. I fixed him up a bit, but I need the kit for stitches and better bandages. How far away are you?”
“Enough, Dean,” Castiel said, pulling away and slowly getting to his feet.  He managed to glare at Dean, his face flushed and breathing still slightly off, before he strode from the room.
“So… if I take your silence as a yes,” Sam said with a hint of annoyance in his voice.  “Then I have to figure that Cas saying he wants to stay here, with you, until you die would have made you, I dunno, run in the opposite direction.  I just never really pegged you as being the type of guy who… commits.”
Sam left Dean to his liquor and porn, disappearing outside.  Walking away from the house and through the junkyard, Sam couldn’t help but debate if praying to Castiel was safe.  The angel had changed so dramatically since taking in the souls.  Pondering that point, Sam made his decision.  Castiel had not yet killed them, even after they tried to force Death to kill him, the mutated angel had not retaliated.  Sam had to trust that there was still some of the Castiel they had known under all those souls.
Sam was feeling honestly optimistic for the first time in ages.  Apologizing to Castiel had been cathartic.  Though Sam still wanted to talk to the angel, he still had things he felt he should say, it had been huge just to say the words.  ‘I’m sorry’ was woefully insufficient to properly convey the appalling regret he felt and the horror of what he had done, but it was a starting point.
“Well, take some deep breaths and brace yourself.  I’ll try to make it quick.”  Castiel nodded and Dean looked back at his leg, starting again with wiping the blood away, trying to be extra careful.  One of Dean’s hands was resting on Castiel’s thigh just to help hold him still and it was this arm that Castiel reached up to grab onto while Dean worked.  Dean snuck a look back at Castiel, but he had his eyes squeezed shut and seemed to need to grip tightly to Dean to make it through the pain.  Returning to cleaning the wound, Dean hastened to finish.  He didn’t like to think how Castiel would react to stitches if this was how he had to handle a cleaning.
“We were sitting over there,” Tanya continued, pointing.  “And Jen couldn’t help but notice that your partner seems to have a
For some reason, Castiel wanted to give Dean a hard time about the kids.  He seemed impatient and quoted the ‘greater good,’ but it was just pissing Dean off so, obviously, he took them anyway.   They could spare a little time to help some scared kids, damn it.  At least Bobby and Cas had managed to get Eve’s location by the time they got back.
“I’m all right, Dean.  You just asked me how I was a moment ago.”  Castiel spoke slowly, like maybe Dean really had forgotten this and he continued uncertainly, “All my wounds have healed. My powers are intact.”
“The memories are still fresh, but I am trying to forget them.  Rationally, I know that I can trust you, but…” Castiel looked guiltily at Sam.  “…but it’s a challenge to force myself to accept that truth.”
Desperately kissing back, Dean’s attention was elsewhere when he heard a ripping sound and felt cool air on his chest and fabric sliding down his back.  Confused, he glanced down at his chest, which was now bare.  His t-shirt was just gone.
“Cas,” he said more loudly, coming to a stop next to him and cautiously lowering himself to his knees beside his friend.  Turning his head to look at Dean, Castiel remained huddled over, gripping his knees, with the side of his head resting on his arms.
Sam huffed a surprised noise and murmured to himself, “That was easy.” He could see that Castiel had fallen unconscious where he had landed with the injured side of his head against the cement floor. Blood was pooling slowly around his head and it occurred belatedly to Sam that it was fortunate Castiel hadn’t landed in the flames when he fell. He wasn’t trying to kill the guy after all.
“It’s settled then.  Thanks, Cas.  You’re the best,” Bobby told him sincerely.  It wasn’t the type of thing Bobby would normally say, and Sam and Dean both raised their eyebrows at him.  But Sam understood when he caught sight of Castiel, who was looking pleased at the praise, as he nodded at Bobby.
Irritated at the interruption, Dean turns to look and the last thing he sees is a goddamn horse shoe flying straight at his face.
He spoke sincerely, but still didn’t see what he hoped to in Dean’s eyes.  Castiel continued, “All I ask is this one thing.”
Typically, Dean didn’t like to share food, but he had started to share everything with Castiel, determined to find something he might like.  Sam wasn’t certain that Castiel liked food at all, but at Dean’s enthusiastic insistence he’d take a small bite of whatever Dean was suggesting.  He never went back for more.  Dean had even shocked Sam by letting Castiel take a bite directly from a few of his cherished burgers, before devouring the rest himself.  His brother was always quick to order Castiel a beer as well, though the angel rarely finished them—usually Dean did.  It was a little baffling to Sam until he concluded that Dean loved food and drinking and he probably just wanted to share those experiences with Castiel.
It didn’t quite seem like a sufficient explanation to Dean, but he knew how much Castiel regretted his genocide in Heaven.  It was already done, so Dean decided to accept Castiel’s reasoning, though he didn’t agree.  If the demon had been successful in carrying out his plan Dean would have subjected him to a whole world of pain before killing him slowly.  Probably still would, if he could manage it.
Sam couldn’t ever recall Castiel struggling with words, but he could imagine what the angel was wondering.
Dean dithered a moment, before he slid a hand down to Castiel’s waistband and snuck it underneath the elastic.  He took a deep breath to calm himself and then set his hand lightly over Castiel’s cock to demonstrate his intentions.  Castiel’s hips bucked upwards into the touch, with a jolt, and he nodded vigorously at Dean.
“Wait, it’s true?  You got in a water fight with an angel? Oh, I wish I hadn’t missed that,” Sam laughed.  “Glad you fought back, Cas.  Dean always thinks he’s so funny with a damn hose.”
“Dean.  I—Crowley called. He say’s you’re in Eastonville, at an old restaurant, Caroline’s…  I’m going there unless you call me back.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes at Sam, who smiled innocently back at him as he slid out of his sight behind him again.
It had been forever since Dean had made out with anyone in the Impala and though the angles were a little uncomfortable, he still thought it was really hot.  Not to mention the fact that Castiel seemed unwilling to go very long without sticking his tongue down Dean’s throat, which was a different kind of turn on.  Between all the spirited kisses and groping hands, Dean was feeling more than a little aroused.  He desperately wanted access to Castiel’s skin, but the angel was wrapped up in his usual trench coat and layers.  Dean had to settle for grasping at Castiel’s tie and coat, while he mussed his hands through his hair and kissed all the uncovered skin of his neck that he could reach.
Anyway, lots of talking has to happen between all the boys still, so that's what's coming next. And soon.
He suddenly felt he had to tell Castiel that he had it all wrong.  The kiss meant nothing, Dean was just drunk and the whole thing was a mistake.  He certainly couldn’t let the angel think that there would be more of
When Castiel finally returned his mouth to Dean’s cock, his spare hand stayed on Dean’s balls and Dean could feel Castiel, cautiously, inching his fingers behind them.  It was getting increasingly challenging to remain still and Dean could feel his control slipping.  Then Castiel surprised him by slowing his shallow bobbing motions and gradually taking more of Dean into his mouth.  With every slow surge forward, Castiel’s lips devoured more of Dean, until he managed to take every inch of him into his hot, wet mouth.  Rather than pull off right away, Castiel simply looked up at Dean with his nose and lips pressed against Dean’s skin.
“Cas, look, I’m not gonna make you pointless promises that things will be okay.  I have too much life experience for that.  And yeah, okay, you messed up, but you’ve done a lot of good things in the past.  You helped me stop the apocalypse once and you did it again all by yourself when you killed Raphael, because he was just gonna start the same shit up again—”
Yanking off his boots and socks, Dean rolled his jeans up to his knees and told Cas to do the same.  Dean led Castiel away from where they were sitting so that they wouldn’t scare the fish and started down a well-worn path to the edge of the lake.   Stepping into the water, Dean took a few steps forward through the mud and then stepped to the side so Castiel could follow behind him.
“’M out, Sam,” Dean said, after a minute of Sam not moving.  Sam grumbled something as he got up to take his turn in the bathroom.
The car ride in this (which I refer to a few times in the next few chapters) is approximately 7 hours.    They're going from Bobby's in Sioux Falls to some made up town (I think) in Kansas according to Balthazar's note of where the 'lab' is located.  Google maps said it'd be at least 6-8 hours, but I don't know what part of Kansas they are supposedly going to or how fast Dean drives.  So in conclusion just assume the drive is about 7 hours, because that is the information I am going with.
While they were driving to Bobby’s, Castiel took off the hat and glasses and toyed with the cuffs of his sleeves again.  The purchase of the lube was worrisome.  Castiel didn’t know what it meant.  Engrossed in thought, Castiel barely heard Dean’s attempts at conversation.
Settling his hands at Castiel’s waist, Dean kissed him back softly, taking his time and making Castiel impatient.  If the angel wanted a taste of roughness Dean could deliver, but he still wanted to make sure and pay attention to Castiel’s reactions.  He hadn’t been exceedingly gently with Cas previously, but he had tried not to rush things and he had been willingly submissive at times since the angel’s dominate nature was so friggin’ sexy.
“Good.  Listen, Cas, I owe you an apology too.  I made that offer to talk to you ages ago, but I should have done more.  I did mean it, though, if you want to talk about what happened with Sam, we still can.”
Never one to back down from a challenge, Dean chuckled and took Castiel lightly in his hand.  Castiel’s eyes snapped open as Dean thumbed over the head of his cock.
Dean wished he had turned the light out, but settled for keeping his gaze averted.  That came out a lot more gooey sounding than he had intended.  Castiel’s hands moved to cup his face and Dean hesitantly met his eyes, hoping Cas wasn’t gonna make the conversation any sappier than it already was.  The look in Castiel’s eyes made Dean momentarily forget how uncomfortable he felt.  Dean was certain he didn’t deserve the look of adoration, but it caught him by surprise and he wanted to be worthy of it.
He squeezes the pump until it’s fully inflated around Cas’s arm and then opens the valve to release the air, making a show of studying the pressure gauge.  Cas watches him.
Sam felt slight apprehension that Castiel might not be as comfortable if he was attempting to join in on their fun, but the angel had been trying to be less cautious around him.  Castiel had sat with him while they ate and he made a point to hug Sam the other day which surprisingly meant a lot to the hunter.  He didn’t realize that he’d wanted that from Castiel until the angel had hung onto him, clearly trying to display that he wasn’t afraid of Sam and that he was forgiven.
“Nope.  I mean, don’t get me wrong, I was ‘enjoying myself’ too, but I don’t want to do anything you’re not comfortable with.  So maybe for now we’ll stick with kissing, and uh, when you don’t like something be sure to speak up and I’ll back off.   Sound good?”
Dean knew what they both wanted and he ground his hardening cock against Castiel’s, making him moan.  Cas’ hands found his hips and he pushed Dean’s lower half away from him.
Restoring Sam’s soul was the only option.  Dean could only hope that the wall Death was putting into place would successfully shield his brother from the torments inflicted on his soul.  The odds weren’t the best, but Dean had definitely faced worse and it was the only option he had to get his brother back.
“It wasn’t that bad.  Not like it could have been,” Castiel said, tightening his grip on Dean and the hunter held him closer.  “It was threats and intimidation.  They intended to hurt me, but by then I knew Crowley didn’t have you.  I knew I had to find a way to escape.  I couldn’t let it happen again.”
It felt so friggin’ fantastic to be surrounded by Castiel’s perfect lips and tongue.  Dean rocked his hips forward, sliding into the delicious heat of Castiel’s mouth.  Dean brought a hand to hold the base of his cock while Castiel licked him everywhere, tonguing Dean’s balls.  Then the angel fumbled for the lube Dean had dropped, squirting some onto his fingers and bringing them to Dean’s ass.  He sucked Dean into his mouth as he tentatively fingered him.
“That’s my line, Cas.  You were the one in actual danger,” Dean reminded him, feeling a niggle of anxiety about what Castiel might not be telling him.
“Did—did you just use your angel mojo to clean us off?” Dean asked unnecessarily, since it was obviously true.  Castiel didn’t bother answering, but his eyes were amused and he contentedly burrowed into Dean’s arms.
.  And Dean hadn’t thought of calling him that in ages.  Sam even seemed grateful to Dean for having tried to protect him, but regardless of the dangers of scratching at the wall, Sam was resolute in wanting to make things right.
Still gazing skyward, Sam carried on, “And, in case I don’t see you, um, I want you to know, that I’m sorry.  I’m so sorry, Castiel.  For—for the things I did to you when I didn’t have a soul.  I finally remember, uh, when you broke the wall, I remembered everything again.  So, maybe that was for the best… don’t tell Dean I said that.  He said you forgave me, which is amazing.  I don’t understand, but thank you.  And well, I forgive you for breaking the wall.  Maybe I deserved it…”
Castiel had slipped into unconsciousness and Sam decided to rudely awaken him with the iron again. Pulled straight from the flames the poker was insanely hot when Sam laid it flat against the smooth stomach flesh just above Castiel’s hip bone. He tried to hold it against the burning skin as Castiel cried out, jerking and twisting instinctively to get away from the searing pain.
“Really bought his own press, this one,” Death spoke to the room, practically rolling his eyes, utterly unconcerned by Castiel’s bravado. “Please, Cas. I know God, and you, sir, are no God.”
“Uh, it’s… unresolved still,” Dean says, clearing his throat and adjusting the laptop so it hides his crotch.  “But, I’ve seen this one too often.”
It was always obvious when the ideas were Dean’s, because he definitely came up with crazy, dangerous plans when they were all out of options.  Sam had to give his brother points for creativity though.  Binding Death and having him kill Castiel was definitely original.  Killing Castiel was something Sam had hoped they could avoid, but they had thought of no other options.  He was too powerful.  Sam suspected that Dean was bitterly glad about having to kill Castiel.  In his current state the angel wasn’t himself anymore, and it would have been difficult to continue seeing him like this.  It just wasn’t natural.
Castiel’s unwavering gaze held Dean’s eyes and if Dean hadn’t been so tired he might have cared more that they were just staring at each other in bed.  The trust in Castiel’s eyes was unmistakable and Dean suddenly felt a little guilty.  Cas had apologized, Dean could too.
“Sorry!” Sam yelled in the direction of the bartender, hoping maybe no one would report this.  He didn’t think the bar had any security cameras, but he didn’t like the idea that they had called so much attention to themselves when Castiel was supposed to be keeping a low profile.  He hadn’t even had the damn glasses on.  Awkwardly half-smiling at the people still staring at him, Sam ducked out the door and into the dark street.  No one was there.
Sighing, Dean flopped back onto the bed. Maybe it wasn’t a ‘big deal’ to be sleeping in the same room as Castiel, but it wasn’t exactly normal.  Not now that Dean knew that Castiel probably liked him… probably as more than a friend.  He also could admit he was definitely, maybe curious about…about
The first thing Dean became aware of was the warm hand caressing his back.  He blinked and shifted slightly, raising his head to look back at Castiel who was predictably staring at him.  Castiel removed his hand as Dean rolled onto his side.
Sam would have been lying to himself if he said it didn’t surprise him. It had been too easy to lie to Castiel and lure him away from Heaven. Ark of the Covenant? He knew the angel was naive but didn’t realize he was also so very gullible.
Castiel said that he had made Balthazar go back and sink the ship, keeping things just the way they always were.
They traveled west for several hours, before picking a town in New Mexico to hang out in and look for a new case.  They were stopped for fuel and while Sam was in the store Castiel  mentioned that he had spoken with Sam, telling him that he should stay.  Dean felt relieved, but was confused when Castiel said he reminded Sam of all his good qualities.
“Uh, well, I dunno.  You tell me, Cas.  Are you upset? Things seemed pretty good last night, but then you were gone when I woke up.  Did, uh, did I do something you didn’t like?”
Sam grinned down at the movies in his hands.  He loved it when Castiel said unintentionally embarrassing things.  Looking back up, he saw Castiel was focused on Dean who was still behind Sam.  The angel was making his squinty-eyed, head tilt, face of confusion, but after a moment he brought a hand to his hair and tried to smooth it down.  Sam could only assume that Dean had been behind him gesturing that Castiel should fix his hair.
Their last brief stop was a couple hours back, but Sam was ready to be done for the day after being crammed into the back seat for six hours.  He couldn’t take much longer.  Plus, he was hungry, which probably meant that Dean was ravenous.
“That may be true.  But,” Castiel looked apprehensively at Dean.  “Whose idea was it when the three of you trapped me in that ring of fire?  If it wasn’t your idea, you certainly didn’t object.  You knew what happened and they didn’t.”
“Look, Cas. You know Dean,” Sam glanced over his shoulder to make sure his brother wasn’t close by.  “He, he can be an idiot about things, but I think he’ll come around.  He’s just pissed still, but he’ll get over it.  Probably.”
Some people have already asked that I continue this.  The bulk of the story is over, but I might explore the option of adding some timestamp chapters in the future.
Thanks for reading!  I hope you might consider leaving me a lovely little comment that I can enjoy for years to come.
While he was energetically kissing Castiel, Dean thumbed over the angel’s nipple and gave it a little twist.  Castiel gasped into Dean’s mouth and drew back, staring into Dean’s eyes and licking his lips.  Dean was moving closer to Castiel again, when the angel put up a hand to stop him.
When Dean woke up early in the morning, he was momentarily unable to remember why he was sleeping in bed, fully clothed, on top of the blankets.  Castiel was curled around him and Dean would have sworn he was asleep or as close as he could get as an angel.  Dean held Castiel closer, lightly rubbing his back and pressing a kiss to his forehead.
Dean was not happy to see him and rejected Castiel’s apology. Castiel would have given anything to mend what had broken between himself and Dean.  First, he had to fix his mistake and so he healed Lisa.  The damage was great, but the woman would make a full recovery.  This seemed to shock Dean.  At the very least, it earned Castiel a ‘thank you.’
“I understand,” Castiel replied seriously, before invading Dean’s space and clinging to him like a barnacle.
While Dean rifled through his bag, Castiel trailed slowly into the motel room and shut the door.  After a moment’s thought he locked it, and then stood leaning against the door looking at the carpet.  Dean paused on his way into the bathroom, glancing back at Castiel.
“Nah, Cas. You’ve apologized.  I forgive you.  I’m not mad anymore,” Dean insisted, trying to keep his voice even.  It did sound like a decent plan.  Angelic tune-ups were likely pretty powerful stuff.  Castiel had done a damn good job fixing him after the hellhounds tore him to shreds.  Dean would just have to trust that it would be okay.
Dean dropped Sam off at the motel while he and Castiel ran errands.  Determined to find Castiel something to wear besides his suit, Dean tried his luck at a collection of outlet stores they passed.  Castiel seemed reluctant to want new clothing, so Dean assured him it would simply be for extended cases—that he could still wear his suit the majority of the time.  Having no preference or inclination concerning clothing, Castiel left Dean to chose what he might need.  A few times Dean offered him a this or that option and Castiel tried to make an informed decision, but colors and styles of clothing seemed completely arbitrary to him.
When Dean pushed Castiel away a minute later, while smearing a hand down his face, he mumbled ‘sorry’ and kept his eyes on the ground.
Busying himself with the homemade splint, Dean gently slid a strategically cut sock over Castiel’s hand and aligned his fingers and thumb so they came through the holes.  Then he laid a wooden ruler on top of the sock, against the inside of Castiel’s forearm, so that it went from his palm to near his elbow.  It wasn’t as good as a splint he could buy at the pharmacy, Dean thought, as he wrapped the elastic bandage around Castiel’s arm and the ruler to keep it straight, but it would get the job done.
Without sipping the tea, Castiel set it down, fiddling absently at his collar in irritation.  He found himself agreeing.
Dean did laugh at this.  “Oh, definitely.  We can try whenever you want, Cas.  Practice makes perfect, ya know.”
“I’m gonna call you, Cas.  You remember how to use the phone, right?” Dean gestured to the cell phone he had left on the table for Castiel to use.
Though Dean was thinking about it now, he couldn’t be certain how Castiel had come to the decision to initiate things physically twice today, after stopping their fun the night before.  Nothing had really changed since then, so maybe Castiel had been intimidated by the bed or uncomfortably reminded of being molested in a motel.  Hell, maybe the urge struck him or he preferred the daylight.  Dean wasn’t sure what to think, besides the fact that Castiel had probably been acting on Dean’s advice to ‘practice.’
What a surprise. Dean’s ingenious plan to drink his troubles away all day had left him feeling miserable the next.
Castiel stared at the phone in his hand, willing it to ring.  This shouldn’t be happening.  He should have gone with them.  Slipping the phone in his pocket, Castiel went to Bobby’s.  The hunter’s house was still empty and Castiel shook his head, liking his options less and less.  Standing in Bobby’s kitchen, Castiel fished the phone out of his pocket and tried Dean again.  Voicemail.  Castiel tried to remain calm and still.  He was trying to wait, to give Dean time to call him back, but he was angry and he knew he should be doing
As he spoke, Sam picked up something long and heavy from the floor just behind him. It looked like a weapon and Castiel’s first thought was
Dean tried not to look too dumbfounded, uncertain that he was following what was happening correctly.  It sounded like Castiel was saying …it had to wait.  What had to wait—the kiss?  The conversation?  The inevitable smiting?
In a few quick strides, Castiel crossed the room, tossed the sheet aside, and clambered on top of Dean, shoving him back onto the mattress when he started to sit up.
Dean must have been sick of the back and forth.  “All right, put your junk away, both of you.” He urged Death, “Look, call him what you want.  Just kill him now!”
Hoping for an excuse to lash out at Crowley again, Castiel went to the King of Hell to demand answers, but Crowley was crafty.  The demon was getting harder and harder to control, always finding loopholes and manipulating things to his advantage.  It was true Crowley hadn’t hurt the Winchesters directly, but his actions had the same result.  The demon wouldn’t reveal the location of the humans and Castiel found the argument interrupted as he was being called by Balthazar.  Too bad he didn’t get a chance to bludgeon the demon before he left.
The attraction wasn’t only physical though, Dean was certain that was just a confusing and admittedly awesome development in his feelings for Castiel.  It was in the way Castiel looked at Dean, like he was good and important, like he was the only thing that mattered to Castiel in this crummy, messed up world.  No one looked at Dean like that.  And Castiel knew everything, he had seen Dean at his worst and accepted him without question or judgement.  The knowledge that Castiel truly knew him and
It seemed to Castiel like they should have spent more time planning their course of action.  He didn’t often rush into unknown situations, but that was sort of Dean and Sam’s specialty.  The ghancanagh’s motives were concerning to Castiel; he was going to seduce Dean.  That was a disturbing thought, but Castiel wouldn’t allow Dean to be harmed.  Of course the ghancanagh didn’t want to harm Dean at all, he just wanted to have sex with him, to poison Dean into loving him.  No, Castiel didn’t like this plan at all.
“They’re right, Cas,” Sam spoke again, trying to get them back on track.  “You don’t have to be sorry for anything.  I think you might have had, like, a panic attack or something.  Now, I didn’t mean to, but I know I upset you and I’m sorry.  I guess it was the knives, I should have thought of it, but I dunno,” Sam shrugged.  “Sharpening knives, it’s just like a chore we do.  It didn’t occur to me that it might trigger you.”
Dean smooths a hand through his hair and straightens his coat, before knocking curtly on the door and letting himself in.
“If that happens we’ll deal with it, Cas.  I’d probably let you come meet us at the motel, but you’d have to stay out of the hunt,” Dean said, watching Castiel’s eyes narrow.
Wiping a hand across his face, Sam focused on driving.  The air in the car was feeling weirdly hot and Sam thought he saw flickering light out of the corner of his eye or in the rearview mirror a few times, but nothing was ever there.  He stepped on the gas, edging the car faster and drove towards his brother and Bobby and, probably, Castiel.
It was the same thing with Sammy.  The kid didn’t need Dean to fight his battles, but they were brothers and Dean loved him, would do anything to keep him safe.  Sam and Bobby were the only family Dean had and he’d included Cas in that small circle before, but looking at the sleeping angel in his arms Dean knew it was where he belonged.  Previously, he thought of Cas as a great friend and a brother-like companion, but they were so far past that, so far beyond those simple descriptors.  Cas was indisputably family and Dean recognized the significance of that acknowledgement to himself—the gravity of what it meant.  It didn’t terrify him the way he thought it might.  The realization that Castiel could have died without Dean letting him know—well, that was what scared him
“You’re always trying to protect me, Dean!  What about protecting Castiel?  Huh? He’s the victim in all this.  Besides, he told me a lot of what I couldn’t remember a couple days after I got my soul back, and the wall was
“Fucking Crowley.  I guess he took off after you killed the shifter?”  Dean asked, resuming their earlier conversation.
The Winchesters were relentless in their efforts to stop him and Castiel was frustrated they were always a close step behind him, doubting him and trying to diffuse his plans.  Between Crowley and Raphael, they were going to wind up dead…again.  If he couldn’t make Dean understand, then he at least needed him out of the way, he couldn’t risk the hunter’s interference.  There was too much at stake.
“Sorry!” Dean called over, waving a hand in apology and realizing how ridiculous the two of them must look, but then he turned to Cas and couldn’t help laughing.  The angel was drenched.  His hair was soaked and all his layers were sticking to him.  Dean snatched the hose from Castiel and sprayed his already wet shoes for good measure.
After dedicating a whole five minutes in the shower to weighing the pros and cons of having a friends with benefits relationship with someone he was living with, Dean had decided it was potentially fraught with problems.  He promptly concluded he didn’t give a fuck, a notion that was reinforced when he found Castiel naked, sipping coffee and reading at the table.  Yeah, this had to continue, because there was no way Dean could stand being around his nude roommate, seeing without touching.
Dean could hear the water running in the bathroom, so he crossed over to Castiel and took his hand, leading him back to the bed.
Having a fuck buddy roommate was like a wish come true and Dean was thrilled to be the one living the dream.  Cas was like a fucking wildcat, territorial and unpredictable.  Dean was never sure what to expect from him.  Evidently all it took was a little taste of cock from Dean to open the freaking floodgates to Cas’ horny, needy, bossy, sexual awakening.
“No.  Well, sometimes.  Cas is an asset; he knows a lot.  It’d be a mistake to not run it by him, same way we do with Bobby,” Dean said.
“I know it wasn’t you… but it’s difficult to always remember that.  It was you in appearance and expression and voice.  I have to remind myself sometimes.”
Dean stormed out the door, intending to stomp his way around the yard in anger.  He was trying to think of where Castiel might go to feel safe, but Cas always came to him and Bobby’s was the closest thing they had to a home.  When he caught sight of the Impala parked a small distance away, he stopped short.  Castiel was sitting in the dirt beside the car, hunched over with his head and arms on his knees.
They didn’t drive far.  It only took a quick discussion to realize they should try to sleep for a while before attempting to drive the seven hours home, since it was early in the morning and they had all been awake for hours.
This was not Dean’s fault. Sam couldn’t make him feel bad about it.  It had been the right call.  Dean shook his head slightly, still looking at the engine.
“Right, well, Dad is just as cautious around, uh, in situations he’s never encountered.  So we’ll clue him in, vouch for you, and then hook up with you later.”
The three of them went into the café together.  There were arm chairs and a sofa situated around a small fireplace.  Several little tables were surrounded by chairs on the other side of the room.  It smelled delicious inside.  Dean ordered pie and coffee while Castiel scanned the room.  Sam led them to a table in the corner so they’d have a decent vantage point to see.  Castiel sat with his back to the wall with Sam and Dean on either side of him.
“Well, all right then,” Bobby began, almost sounding bored, like Castiel was just one more monster he needed to be calm in front of.
Dean huffed a little laugh and boldly wrapped the arm pinned between the two of them loosely around Castiel’s waist.  “Agreed.”
“I’m sure Cas will tell you more, Dean.  He might be in shock still or something.  We should probably get him out of here.  We can go back to the motel, then maybe, I dunno, we could go see Bobby,” Sam suggested.
“I concur,” Dean says, doubling the number of fingers spearing in and out of Cas.  He has every intention of palpating the everloving fuck out of his know-it-all patient.
Shaking these thoughts from his head, Dean decided he was being ridiculous.   Castiel’s injuries were plainly in front of him, he didn’t need to go imagining others.  And, more importantly, he hadn’t finished—he needed to look at Castiel’s leg.
“S’okay, Cas.  I get it, you were sticking up for me.  My dad just,” Dean bit at his bottom lip, shaking his head lightly.  “Nothing I ever do is good enough for him, you know?  I do every fucking thing he tells me to and it’s not enough, I mess it up.”  Dean abruptly smothered a hand over his mouth when his voice broke slightly.  “No matter how hard I try, I fuck things up, Cas.  It’s no good, I’m no good. I’m not—“
“I don’t know,” Castiel admitted.  “I thought it was over.  It wasn’t important.  …And he threatened you.”
He had put fuel in the Impala as well, so his brother wouldn’t bitch at him for taking it.  After carefully arranging the holy oil and iron in the trunk where they had been, he thought he might be worrying too much about the details. Dean could be surprisingly meticulous about his weapons and the orderliness of the Impala, but it was unlikely he’d notice or care if something was a bit misplaced.
The blush on his cheeks was faint, but Dean could feel it.  Sappy stuff like this always embarrassed him.  It seemed like it was enough for Castiel though.
“Are you sure you want to do that, Dean?  I do have the tactical advantage,” Castiel said, wielding the hose in his hand and keeping it aimed at Dean.
Castiel changed topics abruptly, almost sounding pleased.  He looked darkly at Sam, who was swaying slightly and looking unfocused.
The windows were well covered and as Sam eased the door shut they were enveloped by darkness.  Dean was in the lead and he paused, likely listening and waiting for his eyes to adjust.  Sam had a flashlight in his pocket, but he thought it might give them away, so he followed Dean’s lead and let his eyes adjust to the dim sources of light.  Castiel was looking around and Sam noticed he tilted his head up at the ceiling and then down towards the floor.
Weird.  He wasn’t sure why Sam cared.  It's not like it was their money he was wasting.  And sure he could drive another 3 hours and be home at a reasonable time, but he was already at the motel.
Castiel could stay as long as he wanted and with him as backup, Dean could see many years of monster slaying still in his future. The angel was at once his best friend and now his… what? Companion? Lover? Boyfriend? None of those titles struck Dean as an accurate description of everything that Castiel was to him. Though he might not have a name for it, Dean knew it was a role that he didn’t want anyone else to fill.  So as long as Castiel would want to stick around, Dean would be happy to have him.
Castiel was everything Dean had never known he wanted or was missing. With the angel at his side he felt he could face anything and he knew Sam had his back, always and in all things.  Dean was undisputedly surrounded by love and he was looking forward to the three of them saving people and hunting things together, teaching Castiel the family business.  Dean was ready for the ride and whatever the road had in store for them.
The smile on Sam’s face shifted to a grin as he hefted the iron poker into a double handed grip unbeknownst to Castiel. He raised the iron as if it were a baseball bat and finally stopped walking just behind the angel’s sight. Castiel had heard his footsteps stop and had just begun to turn his head to look back, at the same time that Sam swung the weapon forcefully. It caught Castiel on the side of his head just above his ear with enough force that his body spun slightly.  He went down immediately, sprawling forward onto his chest.
It was dim inside and all the old chairs and tables were stacked along the walls.  Castiel didn’t stop when he spotted Crowley on the other side of the room.  He was before the demon in an instant, angrily grabbing his lapels and dragging him closer.
Sam knew better than to argue with Dean about driving, but he wasn’t too thrilled about sitting in the back where the leg room sucked.  He didn’t really mind sitting with Castiel and hoped it wouldn’t be awkward.  Really, it just seemed strange.  Dean always drove and he was always the one paired up with Cas—that’s just how it was.
That alone might not have been such a problem, but Castiel couldn’t seem to replicate the pleasure. Fingering himself was awkward and uncomfortable.  Castiel struggled to get the angles right.  He knew Dean must have started that way, but Castiel had been asleep and didn’t remember that part.  That train of thought only pissed him off and his stroking would turn frustrated as his patience disappeared and release danced further from his grasp.  It wasn’t the same at all when he finally came.
Frustrated by his indecisiveness, Dean decided to just cut away the fabric near the injury and worry about getting the pants off him later.  They were already ruined.  The whole situation was ridiculous anyway.  He was trying to
Castiel said this from his knees, looking up at Dean, with his wet, swollen lips.  Dean pulled Castiel up by his arms and kissed him, before telling him to take off his pants.  Once Dean was naked too, he hurriedly found the lube and got on the bed, reclining on his back and tugging Castiel by the hand to join him.
“I don’t understand why I feel this way.  It’s distressing.” Castiel sounded miserable.  “Why did I react like that?”
Castiel was looking at Dean with doe-eyed concern and his expression helped Dean relax a little.  Dean covered Castiel’s hand with his own.  The weight and warmth of Castiel’s hand on his leg had a calming effect on Dean.  Maybe he could have this thing with Castiel and life wouldn’t have to change that much.  If Sam and Bobby really knew and didn’t care, then maybe Dean was the only one who would be making things weird.  It would be a lot less stressful if he didn’t have to hide and he wouldn’t feel comfortable asking Castiel to lie about it, now that he said he wouldn’t want to.
dead,” Dean promised, moving towards the soapy bucket of water and pulling the large soaked sponge out of it.
It was bad enough they had already been overheard on the couch last night, which was probably on him, Cas couldn’t be expected to know the etiquette of such things, but now to have them all thinking about the fact that he bought lube… Oh shit, he should have tried to say it was lube for the car, maybe the breaks.  They might have bought that, but probably not, his face would have still been burning as he lied.  They would have seen right through his pitiful denials.  Dean groaned again into the bed.  He had to try to be cooler about this shit, if he could just not let it bother him it would be a lot less embarrassing.
The very next morning it happened again.  Dean wandered into the kitchen and Cas was leaning against the counter eating a bowl of cereal.  Naked.
“I guess,” Dean said, taking a swig of beer and looking at his brother and friend on either side of him. “And we got Cas, Sammy.  Can’t forget our angel,” Dean amended, with a grin and a wink at Castiel.
Sam waited, but John didn’t elaborate.  Shaking his head and cursing silently at the ceiling, Sam rounded on Cas for answers.  He looked purposefully between the angel and then the door, inclining his head towards it for emphasis.  Castiel followed him out.
Naturally, Dean had shut his eyes for the kiss and he hoped Castiel had enough sense to do the same.  Dean liked the feel of Castiel’s soft hair under his hand, it was a lovely contrast to the slight drag of stubble on his skin that was so foreign to him.  Castiel had gripped Dean’s shoulder lightly to balance himself, since he was still propped on one arm.
“Uh, okay.  Well, I didn’t mean to startle you then,” Dean amended, thinking Castiel was sounding defensive.
does but then he notices Cas’ hair and it’s a bit more … well, fluffy than usual.  Dean’s pretty sure he may have been responsible for that which… oh no.  Now Cas is looking sad and
“Mhmmm,” Dean hummed his agreement, gently squeezing Castiel closer.  So much for articulate conversation.
Dean was onto another train of thought, “So wait. Did Balthazar really, uh, unravel the sweater over a chick flick?”
Dean looked distressed, but Castiel needed him to understand.  He couldn’t lose Dean’s trust.  He needed Dean to believe in him.
“That’s, uh, nice, Cas.  I’m glad you two… talked.”  Peering around Castiel, Sam shot a look at Bobby to come help him.  The older hunter was looking amused, but then he walked into the kitchen to face Castiel.
When Dean dropped into bed and Castiel joined him a moment later, with a gentle hand on his neck and a sweet press of lips to his, Dean smiled into the kiss.  He couldn’t remember having a better day.
Earlier in the day, Dean had been suspicious of Sam and Bobby’s behavior, worried that they were purposefully sitting as a pair in an attempt to push Dean and Castiel together.  It was totally a nosy Sam move to get involved in Dean’s business, and he had been harping on about Castiel being in love with Dean the other day.  Dean had been briefly pissed that Sam thought it was okay to play matchmaker, until they got to breakfast and Bobby had continued to be extra nice to Castiel.  Then Dean realized their behavior was probably a lot more about making Castiel comfortable than it was about some forced romance between the two of them.  He felt like an idiot again.  Was he always this wrapped up in his own issues?
Giving up on his shirt, Dean tugged the sheet up to cover himself halfway, in an attempt to maintain some level of modesty.  Fortunately, his arousal was ebbing and Dean was trying not to feel frustrated.
Soon Sam’s hands were on him again, undoing Castiel’s belt and pants and tugging them down. Sam seemed to realize belatedly that this meant removing the knife finally. As he gripped the hilt, he felt Castiel tensing up underneath him and he spontaneously decided to twist the blade.
The angel was huddled and slumped, kind of curled in on himself facing the bed and table.  If Dean wanted to properly examine him, then he definitely needed him up off the floor.
Dean hopped out of bed and returned with the lube.  In his brief absence, Castiel had gotten to his knees, impatient to grab Dean as soon as he knelt back on the bed.  Throwing an arm around Dean’s waist, Castiel slung him onto his back on the mattress before climbing on top of him.  Castiel sucked on Dean’s nipples, proud of the moan he was able to elicit from the hunter, before drifting down his stomach.
“I’d rather have my own bed and besides you never want to share.  Look, just go get some rest, Dean.  It’s not a big deal.”
Hugging Dean back, Castiel tilted his head against Dean’s shoulder and Dean kissed the top of his head, brushing his hair fondly.
“And maybe you and I could ditch these two and go back to my place?” Tanya said it softly, trailing fingers up Dean’s leg.
Dean explained the situation to Castiel while Sam checked out of his room and booked another night in the room in which they were going to leave Castiel.  The angel definitely wasn’t happy that they were ditching him.
“Dean?”  Castiel looked at the phone in his hand in confusion.  The hunter didn’t sound right.  He sounded upset.  “What’s wrong?”
answer you.   Didn’t you say you caught him watching you sleep?  Plus, the look on your face when you were taking care of him?  You don’t fuss that way over me when I’m injured.”
Dean gasped as Castiel folded his arms on top of each other and tucked them to his chest.  Concentrating his weight into pinning Dean’s hands down, Castiel braced his arms and rode him harder.  Tilting himself slightly forward, Castiel hit the perfect angle and he ground himself down into Dean’s lap, moaning as tremors of pleasure spiked through him.
They decided to go ahead and make it a double feature.  Dean cleared away the food and got another beer for Sam and himself.  The room was getting steadily darker and Sam turned off the light to avoid a glare on the TV.  Sam was surprised that Dean didn’t pull away when Castiel laid a hand just above Dean’s knee and started stroking his thumb there.  Maybe Dean thought Sam wouldn’t notice or maybe his brother was just letting himself be for once, without worrying how it would look.  Castiel’s questions tapered off and after a half hour of quiet while the movie played, Sam spotted Dean’s head drooping onto Castiel’s shoulder.
Castiel covered his face with a hand.  This wasn’t working.  He needed more than his own inadequate fingers and Dean owed him.  Lube was all Castiel bothered to bring with him as he stalked down the hall with one clear purpose.  Dean wasn’t in the living room so Castiel just barged into his bedroom without a care.  They’d both seen everything already anyway.
“Good,” Dean sighed. He knew Cas was on the mend, but Dean still wished he could have been there.  Though he was grateful nothing else had been done to Castiel, the thought of him hurt, particularly when he was vulnerable like that, was distressing.
“No, I’m not,” the mutated angel replied calmly, gazing at Death.  “When I’ve finished my work, I’ll repair myself.”
There was a flurry of movement from the bed as Dean yanked a sheet over his bare legs.  Castiel stopped in his tracks, suddenly suspicious.  Their rooms
“Kicking hardly counts as cooperating,” Sam scolded and moved to straddle Castiel’s waist, picking up his knife again. It wasn’t an angel blade, but, given the circumstances, it didn’t have to be.
“Then you’re right, Cas.  I didn’t get it.  I didn’t understand how bad it was.  I should have.  I—I just…”  Dean couldn’t remember what he had been thinking at the time.  That Cas was fine?  That he wasn’t traumatized by what happened?  That he was an angel and it wouldn’t bother him?  Didn’t being an angel make it worse?
Sam felt distinctly awkward.  He and Cas didn’t really spend time alone together, not purposefully anyway, and definitely not in motel rooms.  Sam hadn’t missed the angel’s nervousness when the three of them had shared a room a couple nights back.  Uncertain of what to do with himself, Sam leaned against the small counter space in the tiny kitchenette, while Castiel closed the door and took in the room.
Maybe it was because he had only seen Castiel once since the angel had appeared injured and tied up in his motel room, but Dean felt the sudden impulse to hug Castiel.  Their last meeting had been brief and Dean had been overly concerned about his brother at the time, but now he just felt happy, which was rare. For the moment, at least, he, Sammy, and Castiel were doing okay and that felt like a hug worthy situation in his book.
“Dean isn’t driving.  We don’t know where it’ll take him,” Castiel tried to remain calm, but he could hear the flare of anger in his voice.
Oh no, Dean couldn’t handle an apology.  Not right now. Especially not when Castiel was gazing at him so sincerely and looking so vulnerable.  Dean had to look away and promptly returned to clearing space.
Sam saw that apart from the oozing bite on his neck, Castiel had a set of scratch marks on his cheek that were bleeding faintly as well.  Sam hadn’t seen that happen, but suspected it might have been from the same vamp that bit him.  It wasn’t so bad for taking on eight vamps at once.  Sam thought of telling Dean that his presence had distracted Cas, but it would probably only make his brother mad.  He wouldn’t want Cas worrying about him to the point that he left himself vulnerable.
Sam dropped his coffee and turned to the Impala, gripping the roof tightly with both hands to steady himself.  He hung his head and tried to focus on his breathing since he was suddenly feeling woozy.  Dwelling on what had happened was helping no one, but sometimes Sam found he couldn’t prevent it.  It was bad enough he was now having nightmares about his reprehensible behavior, he didn’t need to go pointlessly suffering through daytime recollections too.
It all happened in an instant and Sam got to his feet at the same time he saw Castiel appear beside one of the men immediately in front of Dean.  Castiel had easily caught the raised fist of the largest man and effortlessly twisted his wrist, bringing the man to his knees.  As Castiel released his arm, the man cradled it and cursed.  The other men looked startled by the quick change of events and Castiel’s unexpected appearance.  Moving to stand in front of Dean, Castiel glared menacingly at them.
wanted to help you and well, I dunno, he rebelled when you asked him to.  It seemed like he’d do anything for you and Cas has just always been very into
Dean moans and Cas answers with his own pleased sound, busy mouth full of Dean’s cock and drool pooling from the corners. The little shit starts sucking relentlessly, just because he can and Dean nearly loses it, ready to blow his load down Cas’s throat.
After their swift arrival, they settled into Ervin’s diner and when Sam sat next to Castiel, Dean didn’t miss the brief look of panic on Castiel’s face and the way he pulled the arm close to Sam away and into his lap.  Dean tried to think of reasons to make Sam switch with him, but he couldn’t come up with any.  Fortunately, Castiel seemed to calm himself by looking out the window.
“The nurse said both women seemed to be cracking up, not eating, not sleeping, just miserable, like they had given up.  They had to be given IVs to make sure they got enough fluids.”
Despite his frustrations at all of Dean’s teasing, Cas manages to be patient while Dean returns his attention to his ass, petting a cheek as he positions the speculum since Cas is being such a good boy. It only takes a moment to slide the metal inside such a slick hole. Dean manipulates the device easily, spreading Cas just enough to be able to see deep inside that perfect pink cave, warm and wet and welcoming.  Dean unbuttons his pants as he enjoys the view and Cas squirms under the scrutiny.
Castiel stood up and Dean moved onto his side, lifting the blankets for Castiel to climb in, ignoring the twist of apprehension in his stomach as he invited a recently un-mutated angel man into his bed.  Sure, it was strange, but Dean excelled at strange and they were
“There’s a fridge in there,” Sam states innocently, like he isn’t trying to ruin Dean’s day by enforcing his idealistic standards of beauty.
Numbly, Sam realized that there was no way to make it up to the angel.  There was nothing he could say or do that would ever make Castiel forgive him.  But then—Castiel must have already forgiven him. Sam had seen him several times since it happened and the angel had spoken with him (okay, mainly with Dean) and hadn’t Castiel tried to hug him?  Sam didn’t know what this meant, but it had to be a good sign and now that Sam knew, he could apologize.  He could try to make it up to Castiel somehow.
They only stayed at the lake for another hour or so and Castiel dried and cleaned them both before they got into the front of the Impala to drive back.  No way was Dean gonna let Sam drive both ways.
Lost in thoughts of his physical relations with Dean, it took Castiel a few minutes to realize that the sensation of arousal wasn’t just imagined.  Since his introduction to sex, there had only been one previous time that Castiel had found himself with an unwanted erection.  He had chosen to ignore it as he lay next to Dean, but it had taken a long while to subside.  Unwilling to wake Dean up, Castiel decided he could tend to his erection the same way he knew Dean dealt with his.
Sam thought Bobby might have been being too protective.  Dean wasn’t some monster who took advantage of people, but then again, it sounded like he hadn’t asked the first time they kissed.  And Castiel did usually do anything Dean asked him to.  Sam decided he was glad Bobby was playing it safe and watching out for Castiel.  It certainly couldn’t hurt and Bobby was right that Castiel would be out of his element, having never had any type of consensual sexual experiences as far as Sam knew.  Clearly, Bobby was taking their little pact seriously and Sam was grateful.
Dealing with vampires was never what Sam would call fun, but there was something satisfying about killing the bloodsuckers.  They were definitely a threat to humans and Sam felt no remorse when he took them out.  Vamps were always a hassle and Sam wore some of his oldest clothes in anticipation of getting them covered in blood—it was sort of a given when you were decapitating creatures.
Castiel got out of bed and appeared in the shower naked.  He evaluated the knobs and spigot, contemplating their function, before turning one of them.  Water rained down on him soaking his hair and Castiel recognized that it was cold as he witnessed his skin erupting with thousands of tiny bumps.  Staring in fascination, Castiel soon realized his body was shivering and he fiddled with the knobs until his skin returned to normal and the slight shaking faded.
The look wasn’t lost on Dean.  He hadn’t forgotten Castiel was there, but it wasn’t like the angel got flirting anyway.  Dean rolled his eyes and adjusted so that he was facing forward and could focus all of his attention on his beer and the menu and his two boring dining partners who wouldn’t know fun if it bit them on the ass.  This seemed to appease Sam and they drank and got something to eat.
His name sounded awesome like that, so Dean took it as an encore and repeated the motion a few times.  With his mouth completely full of cock, Dean pressed his fingers to Cas’ ass wanting him to move.  Biting his lip, Cas tentatively shifted his hips, thrusting minutely as Dean deep-throated him.  Cas was clinging to Dean’s hair like it was holding him up as he rocked in and out of his mouth.
His brother was skeptical about Castiel’s plan, citing the dangers of taking so many souls into his vessel.  Uninterested in the potential danger, Castiel simply wanted to know if Balthazar was on his side.  The angel said he was and Castiel hoped he had found another ally—he needed as many as he could get.
The kiss was soft and slow, and Castiel leaned into it as Dean dropped back against the pillow, taking Cas with him.  All the tension melted out of Dean. There was no reason to be nervous.  This thing with Castiel felt easy, it felt right and Dean hadn’t expected that at all.
Cas wets them just to taunt him, the bastard, like Dean’ll be dumb enough to take the bait.  And oh no, he
Standing, Sam kicked Castiel in the shoulder then nudged him backwards with his foot so that Castiel was forced to awkwardly lay on his back with his restrained arms pinned underneath him.
Two women, both from the same neighborhood in Chicago, had been hospitalized for symptoms of alcohol withdrawl, though the women claimed they only drank occasionally.  That alone was curious, but then the women had gotten into a physical altercation at the hospital, and one of them killed the other.  The woman who survived the fight died shortly afterwards from seizures attributed to her withdrawl, but she had been receiving treatment and with treatment the chances of survival were very good.
Dean hadn’t meant it like that, but luckily Bobby saved him from having to answer.  There was only one unusual thing worth looking into.
Sam had been talking to Dean, but Castiel answered right away, “No! That was the worst one.  The rest will heal.  Stitches are unnecessary.”  Even though he was answering Sam’s question, he was looking at Dean.
They got slowly to their feet.  No one seemed to be greatly injured and Dean was so grateful for Castiel’s timing; things could have gotten ugly.  Dean felt a rush of warm affection for the angel and reveled in Castiel looking just as he always did—bright blue eyes, tousled hair, his stupid crooked tie and that trench coat that was so essentially Cas.
“I can do that,” Dean said as he dropped his jeans behind him on the bed.  Then he was moving towards Castiel and lightly touching his arm.
“Ghancanagh appears as a beautiful man, a smooth talker.  Women cannot resist his charms.  He seduces them for a night or two and then leaves.”  Castiel paused and pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose.  “His lovers are brokenhearted and desperate to find him.  The oxytocin, I think it was produced in response to the toxin he secretes.  The women are withdrawing from the high he was able to give them.”
“That’s so different, Dean.  He stopped you, beat the crap out of you, before you were dumb enough to go through with it.  And I just get a pass for
“Sorting through these emotions is a foreign process and I’m sometimes unfamiliar with what I’m feeling.  Participating in carnal relations and human matters is novel to me.”
He drapes a stethoscope around his neck and picks up the head mirror, an old but iconic look for doctors.  Dean doesn’t know what to use it for, but puts the headband on anyway.  It’s important to look the part.
Dean clicks his pen, makes a squiggle on the clipboard, and steps closer to Cas.  A touch to his bare knee has Cas spreading his legs so Dean can stand between them.
It was perturbing to be in bed with an angel. Castiel had a decidedly male vessel and while that was a fact that on some level made Dean want to panic, he found that if he focused on Castiel, his friend, instead of the nuances of his anatomy, then the creep of fear and embarrassment lessened so he could ignore it.
John was drinking and critiquing Dean’s process as he field-stripped several of their guns.  It was strange to Castiel that Dean didn’t defend himself.  Dean always took proper care of his weapons and was likely executing the long practiced moves the same way John had taught him to so many years ago.  The clipped ‘yes, sir’ responses didn’t sit well with Castiel.
Eventually, Dean suspected that Castiel had sort of forgotten about the fingers pressing and teasing at his ass.  Slowly, Dean increased the pressure, nudging one finger inside as he tried to suck Castiel hard to distract him.  The angel still noticed and he squeezed his eyes shut at the feeling of penetration.
Not wanting to disappoint his patient, Dean deftly removes the speculum, then his gloves, and sinks two fingers into Cas as far as they’ll go.  Simply testing the water and finding the temperature perfect.
“I’m your new God.  A better one.  So you will bow down and profess your love unto me, your Lord or I shall destroy you.”
“So, Cas.  You and Dean made breakfast.  Any particular reason?”  Sam couldn’t resist asking and Castiel was the least likely to blow him off.  The angel was nibbling at a piece of bacon, before he answered.
Castiel moaned at the increased pace, dropping his face back into the cushion and making unintelligible sounds as Dean rode his ass.  A few times Dean thought he heard his own name and it sounded deliciously rough as it was wrung out of Castiel’s mouth.  Spurred onward, Dean ground his hips into Castiel, who whimpered and clung to the couch, trying to remain in place.
Castiel was mainly sounding annoyed, which Dean thought was a lot better than hearing him sad.  Dean felt ashamed that he was only just hearing about this now.  It was absurd that he had left Castiel to deal with all of this on his own.  The clueless angel wasn’t exactly an expert with emotions and he’d no doubt been through hell trying to sort all this out alone.
Truthfully, he could deal with it if Castiel had some weird angel crush on him.  That didn’t mean much, wouldn’t change much for Dean.  If that’s what Castiel was feeling, he had never mentioned it or acted on it, so Dean suspected he could shoot Castiel down if necessary and that would be the end of it.
The angel increased the strength of his grip and quickened his pace, while kissing Dean with bruising force.  Thrusting his hips to meet Castiel’s movements, Dean tried to free his arms, wanting to grab Castiel so he could mash them further together, but it was a futile effort.  Castiel was jerking Dean incessantly when Dean cursed and gasped the angel’s name into his mouth, breaking the kiss and letting his head thud back against the door.
“What’s goin’ on in here?  I could hear ya yellin’ from upstairs.” Bobby arrived in the kitchen, eyes darting between the two of them.
Dean swept the room Farrell had been in for EMF while Sam chatted with one of the nurses and Castiel kept the new occupant engaged with a string of irrelevant questions.  The room was clean, but both women had already been displaying their misleading symptoms when they arrived, so Dean wasn’t too surprised.
Looking around the room, his eyes fell on the television.  Dolphins did seem interesting.  With nothing else to do Castiel sat on the edge of the bed, but a commercial came on.  There were lots of breakfast advertisements and Castiel was surprised to realize that he wished he were at a diner with Dean and Sam, like normal.  He imagined the hunters would likely stop somewhere on their way.  It would probably smell like coffee and bacon.  The program returned, but ended shortly afterwards.  Castiel hadn’t learned anything and he clicked the TV off.
"They didn’t care, Dean.  I mentioned both kisses and they didn’t think it was weird.  Sam was just glad we were discussing things and Bobby was very supportive.”
Cas can’t just pop in and out of Dean’s life like a celestial jack-in-the-box anymore and there’s no reason coming to mind why Cas would suddenly be
“You will not hurt, Dean.  You will not intimidate him with poorly veiled threats of violence.  If you ever raise so much as a hand against him, I will personally destroy you. I will utterly eradicate you from this very plane of existence atom by atom until you are less than nothing.”
Castiel watched without saying a word as Dean left 2 bottles of water, a couple energy bars, a small bag of chips, and a Snickers on the table.  Having dropped their bags close to the door, Dean turned back to Castiel.
Dean moved his hands from Castiel’s, trailing them down his raised arms and over his shoulders.  Castiel let his hands slide a little lower on the wall, but kept them above his head.  Hooking his thumbs into his waistband, Dean yanked his shorts down and took hold of his cock, rubbing it over Castiel’s ass.  Dean spat in his hand and fisted his cock before he directed himself along the furrow of the angel’s ass.  He loved how his cock looked nestled between Castiel’s pale cheeks.  Dean licked Castiel’s shoulder blade and brought his hand teasingly close to the angel’s growing erection.  Pressing Castiel into the wall, Dean slowly slid along the crease of his ass.
Shifting his weight from one foot to the other, Dean found himself hoping Castiel wouldn’t bring up the kiss.  That had to be what this was about though, Dean couldn’t think of much else Castiel wouldn’t want to say in front of Sam or Bobby.  Dean supposed he should just be grateful that the socially inept angel had enough sense to not just bring it up in front of the others.
Miserable didn’t begin to describe how Castiel felt, he felt like his whole body was shaking and it made him angry. He could no longer see Sam, but the thought of his smirking face as Castiel shook in his arms made him livid. He hated feeling so helpless and there was still nothing he could do about it. Sam had changed his grip on Castiel so that he only had one long arm slung low around his waist supporting him. The humiliating position left Castiel’s ass in the air and he abjectly braced himself for the inevitable breach he couldn’t help but expect at this point.
Though Dean didn’t know everything, he knew enough of what happened to Castiel that night to be really fucking scared.  Plus, Crowley had an ax to grind and probably wouldn’t hesitate to make things even worse if he could.
“Fine, I guess.  He was always gung-ho about keeping the family together, so he finally got what he wanted.  The three of us hunting again, like old times.”
It was sometime in the evening when Dean finished the bottle he had brought out to the garage, and he couldn’t seem to remember how full it had been when he started.  Dean was definitely feeling a bit drunk and he thought of going back inside, but he had kind of been a jerk to Sam when his brother had tried to get him to come in and eat some dinner.  Best to wait for Sam to go to bed before he headed in for the night.  Dean had quit working a while ago though. He had only been occasionally sitting on the hood of the car, slowly killing the bottle and cleaning his tools, separating them from those he had borrowed from Bobby.  It was boring, but it kind of soothed him.
The demon disappeared and Castiel was left alone.  Feeling mildly shaky, Castiel gripped the back of a chair with his good arm to steady himself.  Then he turned to contemplate the ring of fire still burning and the fallen fake Sam beside it.
Dean watched what he could see of Jen’s expression in surprise.  She was definitely flirting with Cas and the angel didn’t get it.  Castiel was giving her a perplexed look and she returned it with a seductive smile that was wasted on the angel.  Torn between amusement and indignation that Castiel was somehow generating more interest than he was, Dean almost missed Tanya’s statement.
Coughing and trying to catch his breath, Castiel struggled against the urge to vomit. Sam had clambered off him and Castiel was able to breathe properly, his breath coming in little gasps. With a groan, Castiel managed to roll onto his side so he wasn’t crushing his numb arms any longer. They were tingling uncomfortably. When he had moved, pain shot through his leg from where the blade was still stuck in his thigh. He wondered absently if Sam would remove it now; he didn’t like to think about how that would hurt. Unable to do much else, Castiel lay on his side and tried to stay still to avoid the pain, while he listened to his breathing gradually evening out.
Dean saw he had a text from Sam, asking him to come to his room without Cas.  It was odd, but Dean figured Sam just wanted to tell him something privately.  Since Castiel never had to attend to human issues like taking a leak, he was practically always at Dean’s side.
liking Cas back and possibly doing something about it. Even though the angel was cruising in a dude’s body—a kind of borderline, ridiculously, sexy dude’s body.  Dean could admit that.
It seemed likely that Castiel might have taken Dean back to the motel via angel express.  They didn’t have that much of a head start walking, so if they had traveled by foot Sam should have seen them somewhere.  Sighing, Sam headed towards the motel, walking briskly and thinking how Castiel had asked if he’d mind walking back alone.
Sam took a few steps away and Castiel felt grateful for the interruption.  He had never considered standing alone with Sam to be a challenge, but now he felt like there was a current of expectation when it was just the two of them.  Castiel had never been one to talk to fill the silence and regardless, he didn’t have much to say to Sam.   It was difficult and the quiet between them seemed strained, but Castiel didn’t know what to do about that.
“That’s not what this is, he’s just, like I said, he’s off the deep end.  It’s not him.  The souls changed him, it was too much for Cas to take on, I guess.”
Yes, c’mon, babe, come for me,” Dean demanded, licking at Castiel’s mouth and then forcing his tongue inside, swallowing Castiel’s moans.
Dean tried to be patient, but Castiel wasn’t even looking at him like he sometimes did while deciding what to say.  He was just looking tiredly at the ground.
Dean felt a lightness at hearing Castiel’s words, he didn’t often get lightheaded drinking, but this was more so a lightness in his chest, whatever that meant.
“C’mon, Cas. I’ve got you,” Dean tried to be reassuring, as he ducked his head and pulled Castiel’s arm over his shoulder so he could get him standing and moving the short distance to the bed.  Groaning a bit at the movement didn’t surprise Dean, but he wasn’t expecting it when he felt Castiel start trembling as soon as he put some weight on his legs.  Dean had to hold more tightly around Castiel’s waist to support him.
It had been an understatement for Dean to call his plan crazy, but as he had said, he was desperate.  After killing himself for a handful of minutes, Dean had managed to convince Death to save Sam’s soul from the pit if Dean managed to successfully roleplay as Death for 24 hours.
“Sam was right,” Castiel said bitterly, as if talking to himself.  “He said you wanted to.  I didn’t want to believe him.”  Castiel brought up a hand to cover his mouth while he briefly shook his head and then he began playing with the sleeves of his shirt, unbuttoning and rebuttoning the cuffs.
The hasty decision was worth it though, because Castiel’s gaze snapped back to Dean and his eyes were bright and a small smile played on his lips.  Dean grinned back, dopily and was busy staring at Castiel for a whole minute, before his brain managed to convince him that this could be weird and awkward.  Ah, fuck it.  There was no real harm in sleeping next to Cas, especially if it would help him relax.  Dean knew the angel had minimal experience sleeping and he was always injured when he did it.  Dean always slept better when Sam was around because of the line of work they were in.  If Castiel felt helpless while resting and healing, well, Dean could relate to that.  Besides, he couldn’t chicken out now.
Castiel swayed slightly on his feet as Bobby read the incantation.  When Castiel started to collapse, Dean darted forward to catch him and steadied him, before reluctantly backing away again.  Cas just had to hold on.  This had to work.
Nodding, Castiel slumped back in his seat looking drained.  Sam shut the door and found himself hoping Castiel would sleep during the long car ride.  It would already be awkward enough without Castiel trying to talk to Dean.
Castiel closed his eyes and bit his lip against the new pain causing his leg to spasm. He felt Sam moving up his chest and settling with his knees on either side of Castiel’s face. The tightening of the belt around his neck caused Castiel to open his eyes and gasp a little up at Sam who was entirely too close. Having undone his pants further, Sam was now stroking his hardening cock over Castiel’s face and he tapped the head against Castiel’s lips.
Without looking away from the window, Castiel nodded and Dean scooted closer and slowly wrapped Castiel in his arms.  Castiel turned into the hug and buried his face into Dean’s neck.
A huge thank you to everyone for reading!!!  Thanks for all the kudos and comments as well.  They really make my day!
Throughout dinner Castiel had kept a hand on Dean’s leg almost the whole time, which had irritated Dean at first since they were in public.  Then Dean had realized that Castiel’s grip had tightened when they talked about the ghancanagh and he decided he could let the angel be a bit possessive if it made him feel better.  He really kind of wanted Castiel to smother him in kisses and hoped that the angel would be in a similar mood when they got back to the room.
Castiel sat on the bed across from Dean, undoing his tie and jacket and laying them neatly at his side.
Watching on his laptop in his bed becomes the new standard.  Dean is half-way through an episode when Cas casually eases himself down onto the mattress, startling him.  The damn angel can casually sneak around the bunker more quietly than Dean ever could, even in socks and with years of sneaking under his belt.
The look Castiel was giving Dean almost made him uncomfortable.  It was at once reverent and disbelieving, and also hopeful.
It was really fortunate that they didn’t both telecommute or Dean would never get any work done.  He knew the only thing on his to do list would be Cas.
“If there was time, if I were strong enough, I’d—I’d fix him now.  I just wanted to make amends before I die.”
“Nah, it felt good, the way it should.  It’s only a bit uncomfortable at first, very briefly, but it didn’t hurt.  Felt fucking amazing,” Dean corrected himself.
“No.  You listen to me, Sam.  Your father abused Dean.  He used to hurt him.  I won’t allow him to do it again.”
“I think so.  Though it seemed unlikely that a man who associates himself with bats would find enemies in a woman who dresses like a cat and a man who identifies as a penguin.  And there were a few parts that struck me as far-fetched,” Castiel replied thoughtfully.
Castiel was repeatedly surprised by the level of emotions he seemed to feel in regards to Dean Winchester.  Angels didn’t feel the way humans did—they didn’t feel as deeply or with the same wide range of emotions.  Angelic emotions were usually few and subtle, but the more time Castiel spent on Earth and in the presence of humans, particularly Dean, the more he found himself feeling.  Usually Castiel tried to repress his feelings, but it had gotten harder to do so lately and he felt his control slipping as everything continued to go south.  Currently, he couldn’t quell the anger he felt at Crowley.  The demon had intentionally gone after Dean, despite Castiel’s warnings.
Despite Castiel’s dire prognosis, Sam was suddenly awake that same day.  Sam was emotional, hugging Dean and Bobby like he never expected to see them again.  Realizing that Sam was shocked Bobby and Cas were alive, it didn’t take Dean long to determine that his brother remembered nothing of his time without a soul.  Though it’d been almost 18 months, the last thing Sam remembered was the field with Lucifer and Michael and falling into the cage with both of them.
There was a long silence while Castiel processed this information, then he said, “What Sam did doesn’t matter then.  We can do as you suggested and ‘pretend like it never happened.’  It will be for the best.”
Castiel held Dean’s face all unnecessarily tender, stroking his neck and it would have been deemed 100% corny if Dean were thinking properly, but Cas had a way of making his brain shutdown when they were all wrapped up in each other.  Eventually, Castiel moved so that he was straddling Dean’s lap as he leaned over and kissed him, straying from Dean’s lips to his throat.  Dean felt his cock twitch in interest as Castiel brushed against him.  Thoughts of enticing Castiel to join him in the shower were interrupted by Sam’s knock on the door.
“Why?  You have a bathroom,” Cas said and Dean recognized the irritation in his voice, but he opened the door anyway.
It was beyond Sam’s comprehension that Dean thought it was okay to hide the fact that Sam had attacked and raped Castiel.  He had hurt Castiel and Sam almost had to pull over as his thoughts strayed to the specifics of what he had done and he suddenly felt sick again.  No wonder Dean had been so driven to get Sam’s soul back.  Without a soul, he was no better than the monsters they hunted.
Stepping forward, Castiel raised his hand to touch Dean’s shoulder, but at the contact Dean moved even closer.  He pressed himself towards the angel, clinging to Castiel’s coat as he hid his face against his neck.
This is my first real attempt at writing smut (the thing with Sam doesn't count since I wasn't trying to make that sexy).  I hope it's okay.
—on his stomach, naked and asleep with that fucking perfect ass of his bare to the world.  Bared to Dean and he just couldn’t handle it anymore.  He couldn’t keep his hands to himself, not when Cas was like friggin’ presenting himself to him.  All at once he was beside Castiel, running a hand over his teasing ass.
Dean was going to correct him and say that it was because Castiel was a man, but the angel hadn’t seemed to agree with that statement the night before.
The basket hadn’t seemed heavy to Castiel, but he didn’t relieve the hunter.  Once it had been paid for, Castiel watched as Dean shoved the bottles of lube into his jacket pocket. As they left the store, Castiel helped carry the bags to the car.  Dean had parked his baby far from all the other vehicles.
Dean smirked, convinced that he had glanced off the man’s prostate.  Mesmerized by his sunken fingers, Dean pulled them out and pushed them in slowly, again and again.  Unable to take it any longer, Dean slipped them out, thumbing Castiel’s hole and dipping briefly into the relentless heat before tugging at the rim and letting out a groan.  He had to get in there.  He needed to be inside Cas, like fucking yesterday.
The hands on Dean’s back tugged him closer as Castiel parted his lips, letting him in.  The angel had gotten surprisingly good at kissing and Dean mentally congratulated himself on being such a great teacher.  Without disturbing the contact between their tongues, Dean settled himself on top of Castiel.
Dean waited impatiently for a minute, sighing and biting his lip when Castiel didn’t appear.  He thought about what had happened.  When he had first walked in the door he hadn’t really been paying attention, but he had looked up when he heard Castiel drop the groceries he was holding.  Sam had been concerned as well, he had stood up and apologized for the knives before Dean had even processed that they had likely been the cause of Castiel’s shock.  But, Sam’s attempts to calm Castiel had gone unnoticed and he had retreated, backing into Dean.  Sam had been repeatedly assuring Castiel that he wouldn’t hurt him, but the angel was unresponsive. It was at that point that Dean realized how panicked Castiel really was. He had dropped his bags too, saying Castiel’s name and grabbing his arm in an attempt to break him away from staring at Sam in fear.  The action had only caused Castiel to shrink away from him and Dean was left cursing a moment later when the angel had vanished.  Sam might have unwittingly caused the initial fright, but Dean’s rash response had only made things worse.  He was definitely more mad at himself than Sam.
Fortunately the kitchen was quick with their breakfast and Dean was well into his second cup of coffee and a few large forkfuls of food when he realized that maybe Cas was sitting next to Sam simply because he hadn’t been—just to demonstrate that he could.
Winchesters.  I mean, what kind of an angel bends over for humans?  Though, I have to say, I think Sam’s version of what’s sexy is much more my speed,” Crowley said, leering at him.
Releasing Dean’s wrists, Castiel kissed him forcefully.  With one hand at his throat and the other grasping at his short hair, Castiel angled his head and was finally able to shut Dean up with his tongue.  Castiel enjoyed the silence and the heat sparking low in his groin and building with every thrust.
When they were ready to go, Sam still hadn’t returned.  Dean felt briefly worried, but he was already so worried about Castiel it was hard to make room for Sam too.  Pushing concern for his brother aside, Dean fetched the blood Sam hadn’t gotten and returned to paint the sigil on the wall.  They only had one shot to help Castiel and it was time sensitive.  He’d have to trust that Sam would be okay for a few more minutes.
After disinfecting the wound, Sam decided that it made sense to make Castiel even more uncomfortable, so he laid his hand unnecessarily high on Castiel’s thigh to keep him still.  His fingertips were touching the waistband of his boxers, while his thumb was decidedly close to Castiel’s inner thigh.  The angel made to move and Sam pressed down a bit with his hand, but it was Dean who told him he needed to hold still. Perfect.  It must not look too suspicious.
Stopping Cas with his forearm, Dean spread his lips and relaxed his throat further once Cas was still, taking the last of him entirely into his mouth.  Dean stayed there, nose in Cas’ dark hair, flicking his tongue out slightly before slowly sucking his way back to the head.
“Can’t I?”  Sam found Castiel’s thigh and gripped his recently stitched wound tightly.  Castiel couldn’t help the shaking in his leg, but he tried not to wince too much at the radiating pain.
Conversationally, Dean mentioned to Castiel that they were only about an hour away from Bobby’s and once they were on a largely empty stretch of road the angel surprised Dean again by insisting he pull over.  Dean complied and as soon as he switched the car off, Castiel used his angelic strength to manhandle Dean across the seat and onto his lap.  The quick movement left Dean briefly disoriented and unbalanced, but Castiel kept him steady.  Dean managed to kneel and straddle his lap, while Castiel pulled Dean’s lips down against his own.
Castiel had just come to the conclusion that perhaps he’d like to sit outside and people watch.  The Winchesters spent entirely too much time indoors—in the car, in motels, in diners, and bars.  There was no reason for Castiel to wait in the motel room.  As long as he took the cell phone, he wouldn’t miss Dean’s call.
They talked of how to find Eve.  With the help of the vampire, Lenore, they determined they had to go to Grants Pass, Oregon.  Lenore begged them to kill her and Castiel complied.  Dean thought of the war Castiel was involved in and wondered if Castiel would have granted that wish so expediently in the past.  At least it was quick, Dean thought, maybe that made it merciful.  It was disconcerting when Castiel explained by saying they needed to hurry it along.
They hadn’t really been entirely nude together before, so Dean spent time enjoying the sight and feel of Castiel, the taste of his skin.  Soon the angel was kissing his way down Dean’s chest and abdomen, stopping to press his lips to the hunter’s erection, before he kissed along his inner thigh.  Then he was pushing insistently at the back of Dean’s thighs and Dean moved so his feet were flat on the bed.  Dean knew it was coming, but he still let out a moan when Castiel pushed his leg back further and started licking boldly at his asshole.  A few women had done this for Dean before and he always loved how it felt.  He got the impression Castiel was enjoying making him twist and gasp in pleasure, because the angel continually pressed his mouth against Dean, tongue licking and pushing.
Dean thrust the glasses at Castiel, who put them on and blinked at Dean from behind the weak lenses.
“Sam offered because he feels guilty as hell, Cas.  And he’s the one who’s gonna be able to do things that might make you more comfortable, because he’s the one you’re uncomfortable around.”  Dean gripped the steering wheel tightly and glanced at Castiel.  He didn’t understand what his friend was trying to say.
“Well, not lying, but, uh, and don’t freak out Dean.  But, I mean you guys are sort of like, uh, dating, aren’t you?”
“I’m here, Cas.” Sam’s voice came from a short distance away. It sounded like he was speaking from the floor which concerned Castiel who moved through the dark towards his voice.
“Dean, now,” Castiel said, moving quickly away and turning himself around so he was facing Dean once again.
Turning his attention to Castiel’s jaw line, Dean kissed and licked his way to the angel’s neck and along his collar bone.  Castiel was cradling the back of Dean’s head with one hand while the other rested low on his back, fingertips dipping under the waistband of his boxers.  Tonguing his way down Castiel’s sternum, Dean detoured to lick and suck at both of his nipples, before he resumed his downward trajectory.  He mouthed his way across the warm skin of Castiel’s stomach and skimmed his lips along his hip bones.
It was true. Listening to and watching Castiel lose control was sending waves of arousal straight to his dick.  Castiel was licking and kissing his neck, his grip on Dean’s arm and shoulder tightening every time Dean angled his fingers a certain way.  Everything was wet and slippery and Dean groaned, jerking them more firmly.  Castiel scrambled to kiss Dean, all open mouthed and filthy, like he couldn’t quite focus his attention there.
Applying lube to Castiel and his fingers, Dean slid one hand over Castiel’s cock and used the other to gently cup and squeeze the angel’s balls.  He dropped his hand lower and touched his fingers to the crease of Castiel’s ass, stroking and rubbing against his perineum and then his warm hole.  Since Castiel felt tense, Dean just kept up the gentle glide over his entrance and took his cock into his mouth again.  Keeping eye contact with Castiel, Dean sucked his hot cock, fisting the section he couldn’t quite cram into his mouth.
Thank you so much for the feedback and kudos so far!  It's amazing to me that people are reading this and evidently enjoying it.  Thanks again! And comments are obviously welcomed and encouraged!
All of the steps that Castiel had taken on his path so far made logical sense, so he wasn’t sure why everything was veering so badly off course.  Castiel needed Dean to understand him, but the hunter had been unwilling to listen, even when Castiel had approached him alone at night.
Between the gloves and the lube, Dean’s fingers are positively slippery, and he eases his index finger right in to the knuckle.  Rotating his wrist slowly back and forth, Dean feels Cas from the inside.
By far the worst part about everything was that Castiel couldn’t seem to forget how Dean had made him come harder than he ever had before.  As much as he had hated waking to the violation, it clearly worked for him on some level because he hadn’t even realized that coming untouched was a thing and yet somehow he had still gone off with a bang.
Castiel could feel himself losing control.  He tried to focus solely on Crowley, ignoring the fake Sam, but they were standing near each other and the fake was in his peripheral vision.  The room was getting hot and between the smoke and flames and a very authentic looking Sam who was wearing uncomfortably familiar clothing and a fierce expression, Castiel was feeling a touch dizzy.  He squeezed his fists tightly to remind himself that this wasn’t the same as before.  The outcome didn’t have to be the same.  This wasn’t Sam—he could hurt the creature.
Dean wasn’t sure what to make of the killings.  He just knew it wasn’t his Cas.  Taking in those souls had darkly twisted Castiel and Dean was trying not to think about it.  If he thought about it for too long, he became angry and depressed.  Castiel should have just put the friggin’ souls back, he didn’t need them after Raphael.  Now they were messing with his mind and the angel was gone, lost to him like never before.  His friend had transformed into something unfathomable before Dean had managed to fix things between them.  Dean touched his lips, staring through the Impala’s engine, unseeing.
“You don’t have to apologize, Dean.  I don’t blame you or your brother.  Sam wasn’t himself, as you said.  I should have been more vigilant.  I knew Sam was without his soul and I shouldn’t have let my guard down around him.  I could have tried harder to escape.”
“Let him go, Sam.  He just needs to cool off,” John said, as he sat down on the bed and picked up his drink again.
Castiel stepped around a puddle and then out of the way of a woman trotting past them.  “Those infected shouldn’t die if we kill it.”  Someone bumped into Castiel and he frowned, unaccustomed to walking far in populous cities.
And besides, Dean Winchester didn’t do relationships.  Or men. He didn’t get a happy ending.  He knew better than to try after what happened with Lisa.
Dean shot a look at Castiel, who was regarding him with apparent worry.  Taking in Castiel’s concerned expression, Dean felt an inkling of remorse for being jerky earlier.
Dean shifted in his sleep and his eyelids fluttered.  Castiel thought he might be dreaming, but he knew better than to invade Dean’s dreams, tempting as it was.  His eyes drifted to Dean’s chest, the warding tattoo and old scars, then he looked down at his own bare chest.  Though this had been his vessel for several years, he had never spent time examining the parts of his body covered in clothing.  During the past few nights he had spent with Dean, he always wore the clothing Dean had lent him.  It felt strange to be so exposed, dressed only in shorts and he thought of pulling the blanket higher and moving closer to Dean.  He could hear Bobby in the hallway, headed to the bathroom, and suddenly Castiel needed to be dressed.
“Awesome.  Thanks, Cas,” Dean grinned widely and dropped onto the other end of the couch, kicking his feet up onto the coffee table.
Dean disappeared into the bathroom and stared at himself in the mirror.  Splashing cool water on his face, he was glad to see that his blush had mainly faded.  Dean quickly brushed his teeth, glad to have something to do that kept him from talking to himself reassuringly.  He wasn’t sure what his problem was, but he felt irrationally nervous.  Sam had been right, it was no big deal, Dean reminded himself as he went back into the room.  It was just Cas.  The guy had been in motel rooms with Dean before.
“I wish you wouldn’t drive while inebriated.  I would have come to get you,” Castiel offered softly.
“Oh, please.  You’re never the life of the party, Cassie, but you’ve been channeling Vader like levels of killjoy power ever since you walked in the door.  What’s going on with you?”
It only took a moment for Sam to make a decision, and then he was on his feet, knife in his hand, intently focused on Castiel, as he covered the short distance to stand beside him at the bed.
Then he disappeared, leaving Dean worried for his brother and wondering how Castiel could still care about any version of Sam after what Sam had done to him.
Castiel shifted his gaze to the table, painfully aware that Sam and Bobby were both staring at him.  He knew he was being ridiculous and he tried to calm himself.  Nothing was wrong.  He was safe here. Part of him seemed determined to ignore rational thought, however and when Sam walked behind him a minute later, to busy himself at the counter, he felt his body tense involuntarily. Distracted by the movements he couldn’t see, he listened intently to every sound Sam made, absorbed in keeping track of where he was and what he might be doing behind him.  It sounded like he was getting coffee and making toast.  Castiel felt angry over his behavior, it was absurd and unseemly.
Every second was painfully long.  Castiel couldn’t remember ever feeling worry like this before.  He felt terribly axious and decided he couldn’t stand idly by any longer.  With a last look at the silent phone in his hand, Castiel flew to the place Crowley had indicated.
“No big deal, Cas.  I was just worried about you.  I’m glad you didn’t fly too far,” Dean said, rubbing his back.
Dragging a hand through Castiel’s hair, Dean veered off course, kissing his way along Castiel’s jaw line and nibbling down his neck. Dean spent a satisfying amount of time sucking on a spot of skin just north of Castiel’s clavicle, worrying the tender flesh between his teeth.  He wanted the mark to stay and contemplated telling Cas not to mojo it away.  The angel had been trailing his fingers along Dean’s back and sides, but he finally found somewhere to stop them.  He curled one hand around the back of Dean’s neck and the other grabbed Dean’s ass, pulling his hips closer.
Once Castiel could no longer hear Sam’s footsteps, he maneuvered himself to look where Sam had been stomping and saw that he had used his coat and jacket to drape over a section of the flames, before stamping them out and they could indeed ignite, easily trapping him again. It was clear he needed to get out of there.
how I felt about Jess.  You know I loved her,” Sam said slowly. As Dean glanced at him, he could see his brother was still surprised.
Castiel nodded up at Sam and then lowered his gaze for a moment, before looking hesitantly up at Dean.  Sam snuck a look at his brother too, knowing he and Castiel would be too busy staring at each other to notice. He was right.
“Well, fine.  Tomorrow then,” Dean promised, still staring at Castiel’s back.  He wanted to move closer to Cas and touch him, but he resisted.  He didn’t think Castiel wanted that right now.
Sam nodded in agreement.  “I’ve got their addresses.  We’ve got a roommate and a sister to talk to.  Want to do more interviews today?”
Castiel demanded Dean’s attention as he sharply ground his hips against the hunter’s.  Abandoning his grip, Castiel adjusted so that he was bracing both of Dean’s raised arms underneath his one forearm.  All Castiel had to do was lean pressure there and Dean couldn’t really pull free.  This gave Castiel the advantage of a free hand and he wasted no time, cupping Dean’s erection through his jeans and rubbing roughly.
Castiel watched this, propped up on his elbows and slightly out of breath.  When Dean moved in his direction again, Castiel grasped at his arms and yanked Dean forward, feverishly kissing him.  Dean reciprocated, tongue in Castiel’s mouth, as he rubbed his crotch repeatedly over Castiel’s, appreciating the freedom of the boxers and the thinness of the fabrics separating them.  He could feel the heat from Castiel’s arousal and he wanted more.
The angel took the bait and slowly curled his fingers around both of Dean’s arms just past the wrists, watching Dean’s expression.  Dipping his head infinitesimally in a nod, Dean encouraged Castiel, who rushed forward, pinning Dean to the door and forcing his arms above his head.  Pausing with his lips barely brushing Dean’s, the angel breathed against Dean’s mouth and murmured.
Driving back to the motel, Sam was enjoying his good mood and decent music on the radio for once.  He found himself sort of regretting letting the angel go.  It might have been nice to keep him and come back again for a second night of fun.  Of course, he wasn’t sure if they’d be leaving town tonight or not, so it might not have worked out after all.
“Sleep well, Sam.” Castiel followed after Dean and Sam watched them disappear into the room, before he went to join Bobby.  He really hoped Dean would get his shit together and make this work.  Even though his brother was a colossal idiot, he deserved some happiness.
