“Are you sure?” Dean asked then. He licked his lips. They were cold and tingling at the same time. “That you love me, I mean.”
should have been his first words, but he never was very good at talking. He opened his mouth to correct it and found that no sound came out.
They spent hours there, Cas seemingly determined to leave no book unseen. Dean was quite sure he used angel mojo to magic books from the middle of lopsided stacks without making the whole thing fall over. Dean trailed Cas around the store, watching his face light up, eyes scan intently over the back of books, long fingers flip elegantly through the pages. It was the second sign today that he was becoming a complete and utter sap – first the Beatles, now the ability to just watch someone, for hours, and not get bored. Then again, Cas was easy on the eyes, to put it mildly. Dean smiled, feeling the flare of possessiveness warm his chest as he gazed on at Cas and thought,
“I do.” Cas said, and his hands busied themselves on his buttons. Dean pulled the shirt off, and let his eyes roam down Cas’ naked shoulders and back. He started tracing designs on the bare skin, lightly at first, both hands skimming across the angel’s back.
“So?” Dean asked as he switched off the cassette player. “Don’t compare it to religion somehow, you already ruined Wile E. Coyote.”
“That’s not what I sound like,” Cas said, leaning his head against the window and letting the sun fall across his face.
Dean stood up as music began to fill the room. He'd turned the cassette deck on as soon as he heard the tell-tale flap of wings, and now he grinned. "Morning."
They’d been on a hunt together. Nasty vamp nest ganging up on local high school girls – it felt a bit cliché. Anyway, Sam had been pinned down and Cas was icing vamps like a pro, going to help Sam. The vamp leader, some chick Dean probably woulda thought was hot in another life, had grabbed his gun from the floor. She’d shot at the girl who Dean had told to run, to save herself. Dean thought the bitch had done it just to be, well, a bitch.
Dean nodded slowly, irritated that Sam had indeed explained what he hadn’t thought needed explaining. “Although I’m not exactly complaining he’s in the body he has. It has advantages,” Dean smirked, watching Sam’s cheeks color up as he turned away and flung the towel onto a chair.
He stood beside me, and leaned back against the cabin wall. He was silent for a long time, and my joint was a cherry stub between my fingers when he did say, "I'm sorry."
Dean choked on his beer, spluttering in an attempt to breathe. “Meant to be a surprise,” he mumbled.
“No, it’s not that.” Dean laughed. “I have. I just…” He trailed off, and put the towel aside, immediately regretting it. Now he had nothing to occupy his hands with.
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Come on.” And he dragged Cas by his blue shirt-sleeve next to the Impala, holding the passenger’s side door open for him with a cheesy grin. He hopped in the driver’s seat, turned the key, felt the engine rev to live under him and obligingly slid the cassette tape into the stereo. “This is the Beatles,” Dean said. “They’re important, for some reason. The song’s not half bad,” he muttered. Thankfully, Cas had long since mastered the art of understanding Dean’s emotional understatements, and he tipped his head back, foot gently starting to thump to the music.
Cas blinks up at him, eyes hazy and half-lidded. He looks down at Dean’s naked torso. “But I want...”
“Gender is irrelevant,” Cas said, flipping his hands wide open. “Humans are fascinating. Why would I only want to explore one kind of them?”
He was still pacing the halls of the bunker, telling himself that he would fly up to Heaven to see Jack at any moment, when he felt it. A short, roiling pulse of terror. A shout. It’s his name.
Dean worked on the chair outside. It took a long time, because he didn't know really how to make a chair. Cas had asked that it be green, without ever explaining why. He just glanced where the charcoal heap had been on the ground, and smiled like he had his own private joke. Cas worked alongside him in the garden, taming the roses that tangled their own righteous path across the garden, watering the clumps of rosemary and the young apple tree. It took Cas a long time to get back to full strength, and sometimes, at the end of the day, Dean would carry him in and lay him down on the bed, panting and weak but smiling.
Dean threw on his jacket as they ran out the door. The thick snow already on the ground crunched underfoot. Cas had run a few feet ahead of him before stopping and staring up at the sky. Fat flakes flurried down, falling on his cheeks and melting. The angel spun around, catching some of the snowflakes in his palm before he watched them dissolve and wiped his hands on his coat, mystified. Dean’s breath seemed to have abandoned him. Man, this whole love thing seemed to involve a whole lot of worrying that your chest might explode.
He's staring at Cas' lips again, he knows. He does it too often. They're standing in a skeevy motel room, Sam gone on some nerd camping trip in the mountains. The aching in Dean's shoulder, that hollow feeling where Cas' fingers should curl over his skin, it was worse than it'd ever been. He'd even wondered, Fuck, is this loneliness? Then he'd shrugged and grabbed another beer. Cas had appeared out of nowhere, and was standing too close. Like he always does.
I know, I know, Twist and Shout gave you PTSD from this song. So I thought I'd reclaim it. OK by y'all? This is more or less the set-up for the next (and final, Jesus!) chapter, which I'll be posting tomorrow. Stay with me!
Dean’s brow furrowed, but he hooked a right and they swerved onto the junction. “The bar?” he asked.
Footsteps sounded behind him. A large hand clapped him on the shoulder. "I'll watch him." Dean closed his eyes. That didn't cut it, somehow. Not to mention he was positive Sam had planned to meet him on the way out.
“Dean, I can’t-” he felt feathers on his back, dark gray wings enfolding him. “Hold back,” Cas finished.
Cas spins Dean around easily, so Dean is on his back again. Cas lays a firm hand on Dean's cock to stop him from whimpering at the loss of friction. With his other hand, he lines himself up, and meets Dean's gaze. Dean lies there, legs spread-eagled, lips swollen from Cas' kisses, waiting.
Dean smirked wickedly and rolled his hips against the angel’s, pleased to find him already hard. “I’d be worried if you weren’t.”
In one less-than-graceful movement, Cas straddled Dean’s legs where he knelt. He spat in his hand and slicked Dean’s cock up. Dean keened, almost losing it here and there. “I don’t wanna-” he said as he saw what Cas was planning.
Dean closed his eyes and felt the angel shake in his arms. He knew that feeling. Like your heart was being ripped out of your chest and you were falling backwards at the same time but you laughed while you watched it all happened and cried because you were happy.
. Then he started moving, working up a slow rhythm that didn’t stick for long before he was snapping his hips into Cas, smiling at the cries Cas let out.
I don’t know whether I would have gotten up if it weren’t for that.” Cas said, shrugging. “It made me come back to you.”
“And, uh, you and Cas?” Sam asked after a pause. “You guys are good?” The question sounded a little forced, like he’d almost forgotten to ask it, but Dean was too buzzed to notice.
“No!” The force of it startles both of them. “Jesus, man, I was asleep on my feet yesterday. One time thing. No holding of any kind.” Dean’s grief twists in his chest, a beast tripling in size with every passing second. Had Cas only kissed him because he was confused, and only held Dean for comfort, not because he wanted to be close to him?
Dean fell asleep tangled under Cas, completely oblivious when the angel carried him back to their room on shaking legs. Cas cleaned them both with a hot washcloth and then slipped into bed beside Dean, curled up around him.
Something inside Dean withers and dies. “Oh,” he says. Okay. That’s fine. So Cas loves him, but he doesn’t want
Dean gulped. Yes, this was the guy he loved. He reached out, got a handful of shampoo, and worked it through Cas’ hair. The angel frowned, but submitted to Dean’s touches, and closed his eyes. “I’d like that,” Dean said in a low voice. If he hadn’t just come, his dick would’ve been seriously interested in Cas’ words.
I blinked. I hadn't expected him to admit it. Perhaps he was only saying it to ground me. When opened his eyes, went to say more, I lifted a single finger to his lips. I didn't want to hear it, any of it. I spoke a thousand languages and none of them spoke as clearly as his heartbeat thrumming against mine.
“That’s life,” Dean said, not even making an effort to disguise the grin that was creeping across his face. He’d always wanted Cas to be happy, but the concern had been preying more on his mind ever since that first day in the woods. And of course it hadn’t been all him, but the idea that he’d helped Cas – how did he put it? – expand, that kindled something in Dean’s chest. “Come on. What say we celebrate?”
For a moment, Dean could see the hurt flash onto Cas’ face, rendering it placid with shock. It was gone just as quickly, and Cas reached up, taking Dean by the shoulders. Dean’s vision went blurry as Cas shook him once, hard. “You don’t understand. You’re reckless,” Cas mutters bitterly. “So fucking reckless.” Cas’ mouth twists, and he tries to compose himself. “You’re human, Dean. Mortal. You can’t just…”
"Tomorrow, we're going up against Lucifer. I gotta do whatever I have to to get a shot, you hear me? Feed whoever through the meat grinder I have to." His voice shook. "Cas, you with me?"
“Dean,” Cas growled in answer. He could see the shadows of Cas’ wings again, folding out in the air underneath him.
“Dean,” Cas said, pressing up against the hunter’s body and whispering in his ear, “I would like to be somewhere alone with you, far away from other people, where I can hear you moan all night long.”
Dean pouted. He never wanted to keep it quiet. Cas’ moans were quite possibly the sexiest sounds he’d ever heard.
He closed his eyes, and somehow that was enough for me to rend myself away. When he opened them, I was gone. I had had a brief whirlwind fantasy of staying there, clinging to him, saying I would stand down. In the end, though, neither of us would stand down. It wasn't in our nature. I took satisfaction, though, in one small fact. He could hurt me with his words, his actions, with a glance. He could hurt me merely by his absence. But this time, the one time he had
While it seemed like it to the others at the camp, everything didn't end between us when I started to take drugs. He was my rock, as messed up as it was. I didn't sleep with him while I was high - I didn't even come near him. I might break apart if he touched me when I was wide eyed and vulnerable. Might tell him how I would choose it all again, how I would rather be broken for him than half-alive for God. How I hated all the things he had said, how they made the pit of my stomach feel hollow.
As his head started to spin, as he sank to his knees when his legs were unable to hold him, as he thought there was every chance he could die like this, absorbed in the ecstasy of the moment –
It's been months since they defeated Chuck, since they started taking fewer and fewer hunts. It's been months of Miracle licking his face to wake him up, of padding around the bunker in his robe and feeling at home and empty simultaneously. It's time. It's time to get a grip on all the pain that drives him to the bottle, that sets him off sparking rage at those closest to him. The pain that didn't have blood or scars to demand attention. The kind he's never tried to heal.
They didn’t stay like that, though. Eventually Cas let his gaze fall, and he put on the old shirt, and fumbled with the buttons. Human clothing still seemed a little confounding to him. When he’d buttoned it most of the way up, Dean took one step forward, and straightened his collar. And that was all.
“You told me you had utter control of your vessel once,” he whispers, low and harsh in Cas’ ears. He wrapped his hand around Cas’ softening cock, circling his thumb around the head. “Can you come again for me?”
In no time, they were naked and grinding together. "Dean, Dean, Dean," Cas chanted as Dean kissed his throat with long, langorous strokes of his tongue. They alternated moving too quickly and too slow, as if neither could make up their mind about what they wanted. Breath grew short, and Dean flipped Cas onto his stomach. He cursed for a moment before Cas snapped his fingers and a bottle of lube appeared in his hands. Mentally counting the blessings of fucking an angel, he quickly drizzled some onto his fingers, and circled Cas' pink hole. Cas was impatient for him, and bucked backwards onto Dean's fingers. He hissed in pain, and Dean sighed, working him slowly. Cas didn't wait, though, and begged for Dean. Dean's resistance was wearing thin. Seeing Cas, such a powerful being, sweating and needing him, it did things to him. His cock throbbed. Dean slid his fingers in and out, happening to hit Cas' prostate. The angel cried out, and Dean couldn't wait any longer.
“Right.” I snapped my fingers and we were clean and fully clothed again. He blinked, looking almost disappointed.
When Cas turned to Dean, smiling over his shoulder, blue eyes sparkling, everything stopped. What remaining breath he had was punched out of him and his heart took a good moment to remember it had to keep beating. “Come here,” Cas murmured, holding out a hand. Dean went without question.
He wipes a hand over his mouth and then the words tumble out, seeming too big for these early hours of the morning.
Dean frowned, wondering if he might get whiplash from Cas’ moods today, but he followed nonetheless.
Sam said yes in Detroit. Dean broke. He came to me, whiskey shot eyes, clenching his gun in his hand and not letting go. I pried it away, eventually, and led him inside. When I took away his gun, the thigh holster, the knife at his ankle and the one strapped to his forearm, he threw himself at me. Maybe he thought I was undressing him, I don't know. He tried to kiss me, sloppily, breath hot and reeking of alcohol.
Point is, he doesn't give up. And he doesn't give in, to himself or anybody else. It's one of those things that make him who he is.
“Come for me, Cas, I wanna see you come.” Dean murmured into him, jamming a fourth finger into him and listening to him cry out.
“I feel like I understand more about human society now. And like there are unfound mysteries to be discovered on your skin,” he said matter-of-factly, unbuttoning Dean’s shirt and beginning his exploration.
Dean put on the music and started to strip. He’d always loved this song. It was a few days later, and Cas sat on the edge of his bed, reading. Cas barely used his room anymore, and Dean liked their arrangement. He’d gotten used to the personal space invasion and creepy stares ages ago, and now it happened that they were welcome. They didn’t always talk, but there was an easy companionship between them. Cas liked Dean moving around the room as he read, and Dean liked Cas’ presence as he went about his daily tasks. The mind-blowing sex didn’t hurt either.
Dean wrapped himself around Cas, under the pretense of adjusting the angle of the double-barreled shotgun the angel was holding. It was the following day, and they’d slept off the remnants of their high in the Impala, pale morning sunlight streaming onto them. Dean had suggested that now Cas couldn’t kill with his grace, they ought to practice shooting. The perfect soundtrack, blaring loud enough to muffle the gun shots and shake the floors? Def Leppard.
Sam threw his arms up and did his little mouth shrug thing. “Come on, man, you went through your Elvis phase! You were a fanboy. Don’t even try to deny it,” he said when Dean opened his mouth to protest it. “I was there. I could hear you singing All Shook Up in the shower!”
“Thanks,” Dean said sardonically. His head spun with Cas’ monologue; beautiful, confusing, increasingly strange and poetic.
And sure, he kissed Dean back, but he’d kissed Meg pretty good once too. Maybe Cas just liked to give as good as he got: hell, better. Dean’s chest clenches thinking he’d never get to kiss Cas again.
When they pulled away, Cas started undoing the buttons of his shirt. Dean watched him as he fumbled, still unused to it after all these years. “Is this… John Denver?” Dean asked slowly, as the music spun all around them softly.
Dean pulled off, a string of saliva breaking off and hanging from his bottom lip as he turned around.
Cas glared down at him, his gaze sweeping hot over Dean’s naked form before he took his shot. Dean craned his neck and cursed when he saw that the shot had landed in the bullseye once again. He mouthed Cas’ cock, soaking the thin material of his boxers. Cas’ dick twitched at the touch, and Dean reached up, pulling Cas’ pants and boxers down in one fell swoop. The angel’s dick sprung up, leaking and coming to rest at his stomach. Dean ran his thumbs over Cas’ pale, muscular thighs, pressing down with a thumbnail to leave a white, crescent mark. Cas inhaled sharply above him, and Dean smiled, both hands coming around the cup his ass-cheeks, massaging them with his fingers. Dean leaned in and flicked his tongue against the head of Cas’ cock. Flick. Flick. Swipe.
Cas blinked, and walked to Dean’s side, slowly, as if he thought the hunter might run away. When Dean stayed still, Cas pressed his shoulder to his side as they leaned against the Impala. Dean started laughing quietly, and then he was crying in the same breath, and hell if he knew why. “Déjà vu,” he said softly.
“Yes,” Cas answered, watching the glide of the pen across the paper, the first black line appearing reticently.
Except for how he was fucking burning to kiss Cas every time his damn blue eyes lit up. Dean wasn’t very good at this whole love thing, and was pretty sure that sex was the only surefire way he knew how to express it. But Cas was… Cas was an angel, and he wasn’t even sure if Cas felt things that way. He sure as hell didn’t want to make a move if Cas didn’t want him to. Cas had said that he wanted to, and that that was the problem. Which frankly hadn’t made any sense. And then Cas he’d said he fucked up everything good. That he could relate to. He didn’t know what to do, what he even could do. The guitar sang lightly now, high and resonant. Dean sighed and closed his eyes.
“And you know what?” he turned to me, a small smile tugging at his lips, rich with something I didn’t understand. “You would’ve still been a virgin. How messed up is that?”
He couldn’t bring himself to sit down and think through every thought swirling through his head, couldn’t bring himself to look it in the eye. He never had been good with feelings. At small moments in the day, though, subtle revelations slipped through. Like when he caught himself thinking about Cas’ lips, about what a funny shape they were and if they’d be soft, if he kissed them. Or when he couldn’t stop grinning as they talked – that was the moment he realized he was utterly fucked. When Cas flicked his angel blade between his fingers idly and Dean remembered just how absolute the angel was. The times he got lost in Cas, whether they were talking, or smiling across a room, or sitting shoulder to shoulder; they were profound. Scary. Thrilling. Comfortable. Sam’s novels probably would have described them as beautiful, but that wasn’t his style.
"You've been undressed with me before. I don't see how this would be so different." I frowned, inhaling the smell of hay and dust.
Somewhere along the line, he stopped talking, and started praying. He knew Cas could hear every word. He’d never been much one for praying, but he prayed to Cas. He caressed the curves of Cas’ shoulders before running a fist up his lower back. His prayer ended suddenly. It wasn’t coherent words in Dean’s mind, more of a feeling. Cas heard it, though. Loud and clear.
Cas thought for a moment. “No. But I found a different one.” He knelt down, knees brushing the dirt as he righted some plant growing waywardly in the dirt. “A faith in small things; like humanity. I think that’s the point of this temple. To restore faith from the roots up, if you’ll have it.”
Inside, there was an old Polaroid camera. Sam shifted on the couch, explaining it to Cas. Cas turned it over in his hands, again and again, and Dean’s breath was stolen clean away. He didn’t know what it was about Cas, whether it was the intense way he studied everything, or the way his hands were moving, or the look in his eyes, or the knowledge that soon that same look would be turned back on Dean, or just that it was
"I'd be taking advantage of you," he said, and I could hear the burn of shame in his voice, but he didn't pull away.
They settled down in the comfy red cinema chairs, as crappy trailers started to play. “OK,” Dean whispered, even though they were the only ones in the theatre. “I want you to close your eyes, and think me. Think hard.”
Dean stood alone while the wistfully groaning guitar solo started up. Man, this song must have repeated like fifteen times by now. Slaying werewolves to Bob Seger. He could get used to that. Cas was gone longer than he expected. He drained another bottle of beer and watched the sky. Life was mostly good.
“Dean.” Cas’ voice was low, so fucking low and gravelly and already tainted with want. Dean turned slowly, a confident smirk spreading across his face as he started to unbutton his shirt. He could just see Cas’ Adam’s apple bob in the candlelight. Dean stripped, completely. Maybe a little slower than he might have done normally, because the way Cas’ eyes darted over every inch of him made heat prickle under his skin.
So because I'm an unproductive human being who would rather write fanfiction than her fully plotted out novel, I wrote another chapter! Yay!
he wanted to say, but the words didn’t quite make the cut. He flattened his palm, feeling the soft thumping he’d grown to need to hear at night. Cas’ eyes flashed blue, and Dean felt a jolt of electricity run through his arm, something wild and untamed. Light swirled around them and he felt Cas’ skin burn like fire.
A thought sparked in the back of his mind. Cas was singing I Can’t Help Falling In Love With You. Because he liked the song, or because during their shared dream last night, he had somehow come across that certain recurring dream? Did Cas know Dean had (frankly, ridiculous) dreams about getting them hitched in Vegas? If he did, why hadn’t he said anything?
Cas was standing in front of the window pacing, profile silhouetted by moonlight from outside. When he heard Dean, he turned to face him with a slow, sure smile. Only the slightest twitches in his expression hinted at – was that
Cas bit his lip and moved away, healing Sam by a mere touch on the shoulder. There was a moment of silence, before Sam asked, “Is there beer in the trunk?”
They emerged into a giant pumpkin field. Dean grinned and broke into a jog. He sat on one of the giant pumpkins and Cas followed suit, running his hands over it like it might be a meteor from outer space. Dean pulled a knife out of his back pocket – a little big for the purpose, but it’d do. Kneeling on the hard ground, he deftly cut one pumpkin and then another from the coarse, tangling vines that connected them. He lobbed one of them at Cas, trying not to laugh as the angel nearly dropped it.
Cas' hands lift Dean's hips up into the air and he almost freezes up for a moment before he feels Cas' tongue licking between his cheeks, swirling across his puckered hole. It's hot and wet and Dean moans, moans louder than he thinks he ever has in his life. Cas growls in response, something unintelligible Dean is sure is his name. Sweet vibrations run through his insides as Cas says it, and it hardly seems important that the curtain is flying up higher than ever before, threatening to tear itself away from the window.
Sam doesn’t say anything just that second. Instead, he turns on his heel and heads upstairs, where all of Rowena’s journals have made a home.
“Well, as I lay on the floor bleeding and cursing myself, I happened to notice this book. Just out of reach. And I thought, I wonder what’s inside it. I dragged myself up, because there was something strange about it, something that made me want to read it. And the first page I flipped to said this-” Cas cleared his throat and Dean watched him, heart beating a strange rhythm, “
“Dean.” Cas cut him off, raising his head to look at Dean. “This is perfect.” With a stony glare, he silenced Dean’s blabbering.
that movie, in a way he likes few others, though he can’t watch it without seeing Dean in insouciant young George Bailey.
“I mean it was more so you didn’t have to be forced to hang out with a schmuck like me,” Dean says lightly, but he means it.
He had given himself over to me. Despite all his misgivings, the terrible contradicting emotions running round his head, his desire to save me from myself and the need to kick and scream at me for my betrayal - he had given himself to me for this night, and so I kissed him slowly, knowing I would be gone once it had ended.
I will be posting more canon compliant, emotional smut in the same series, so hit the subscribe button!
So this story isn't going to devolve into meaningless smut. It's just going to have a lot of meaningful smut. Don't they deserve it after all this? Enjoy ;)
Cas clambered up on top of him, grinding his dick against Dean’s for a short second before he lifted himself up, Dean’s hand on his hip, and sank down on Dean’s cock. He did it so fast Dean barely had time to register the chorus of beautiful feelings fluttering through him. Dean could see that Cas’ thighs were quivering with the effort of lifting himself up, and so Dean put both hands on his hips to help his lover move. Cas moaned. “I want to come with you, Dean.”
” The lump in Dean’s throat dissipated. “I’ve been directed to spend my time on Earth hunting demons and monsters. Doing their dirty work, I suppose. For the rest of my, nearly eternal life, they told me I must wander like Cain did, slaying evil where I find it.”
“You’re drunk and you’re going to sleep it off.” The words would have been stern if he hadn’t smirked.
And that was good, because Dean hadn’t had a fucking clue what he’d been about to say next. Drive all the way to Vegas, get married by a dude dressed as Elvis? Go home, practice our aim with shotguns, shirtless, pretending we’re in Brokeback Mountain? Listen to him babble cliché statements about the depth of Cas’ eyes? Go see the latest Nicholas Sparks movie? Chop up some vampires together, just like old times in Purgatory? Yeah, it was a good thing Cas hadn’t let Dean finish that sentence. “Works for me,” Dean said, flashing a grin towards Cas. “Lemme guess. Copious quantities?” This sort of date, he could handle.
But as we kissed, he grew more frantic, more distressed. While my own treacherous body responded to his desperate advances, I noticed he was still soft in his jeans. I gently put a finger to his lips and pushed him away. When he realized what the matter was, he glared disparagingly down at his crotch, and muttered something about too much whiskey.
Cas seemed to find it funny, though, and walked Dean to the door, before zapping him into his bedroom. Confused, Dean looked around.
And he didn't dare look up or raise his shining wet face from the dark of Cas' t-shirt shoulder, not until he heard it.
“Dean Winchester.” Cas said. “Joshua, and a few others spoke out in my favor. They were few, but I… I hadn’t expected any. Others claimed that for an angel to love a human was blasphemy and that I ought to be punished for it. Eventually, the sides came to a compromise. I was to serve a sentence, as it were, and be stripped of certain things.”
“Yes. Now, scoop the insides out.” Dean laughed at Cas’ alarmed expression as he reached his hand inside. Cas started laughing too, and it was that pure laughter that comes only when you quite haven’t understood the joke yet.
“I – uh – what?” Dean sputtered. He might not be drunk, but he was too drunk to deal with whatever this was.
“You said when you were… remaking me… my soul, that we were close – in a spiritual sense, or something.” Dean swallowed, not sure he wanted to know the answer to his next question. “Do you miss that?” Knowing what he did now, it made a lot more sense out of how Cas had acted before he came to the bunker – standing too close, always seeming to imply something a shade beyond friendship between them, watching Dean when he thought no one was looking.
If he was being sensible, maybe he would have called for Sam to bring him some breakfast, a glass of water, some multivitamins or some shit, but he didn’t want to. Instead, he crossed his arms over his chest, pretending like it didn’t make it harder to breathe, and lay there, glaring at the ceiling. The sheets and blankets were tangled uncomfortably around his legs and waist, but he didn’t move. It was as if he thought by sheer force of will, he could become well.
Dean opened his mouth and shut it again. “Right,” he muttered. “Good. Real good.” He trailed off. Cas was watching the final embers of the sunset.
"Look, Dean, I know there's things you haven't told me about the night he...died. Might it have something to do with that?" Sam had asked after clearing his throat, hedging his bets.
“Dean.” The word was broken, and Cas slumped against him, pulling out as gently as he could. Dean hissed, and turned round, kneeling, so he was facing Cas. His legs shook. He took Cas’ face in both hands, kissed the shaking, sweaty angel once, and pulled Cas down on top of Dean. Their bodies fell together perfectly. Through half closed eyelashes, he stared up at the white ceiling. Cas was peppering his collarbone and neck with tender, open-mouthed kisses. Dean ran a hand through Cas’ fluffy black hair. They’d talk. Soon. He’d given himself this afternoon, though, and so he wrapped his arms around Cas and let the stillness wash over him.
With a heavy heart, he grabbed his jacket and walked outside. Sam was begging and he hadn't asked for anything from Dean since the start of all of this. Still, something pounded at the base of his throat as he thought of Cas waking up alone. Or... Or worse. He stopped in his tracks in the dark hallway. What if - fucking hell - if Cas took his last breath and he was alone? Dying like a wounded soldier far from home?
Sam raised his eyebrows, and Dean thought he was about to get a feminist rant about how doing what your girlfriend told you wasn’t being a pushover, but what he got instead was, “Right. You’re so good with girls you ended up banging a male angel.”
They slipped a little deeper as his muscle ring loosened imperceptibly, and his head fell back as he let out a loud moan. "Fuck, Cas, I... Deeper," he pleaded, and I obliged him happily. I felt my fingers brush against a spot that felt different to the rest of him, and more precum dribbled from the head of his cock. I looked up to see that his face was frozen in silent arousal. I massaged the spot mercilessly, adding a third finger as he started to rock back onto my fingers. My own dick was throbbing, but I watched intently as I opened him, hungrily observing his pleasure.
of him, as if Cas was pouring more of his grace into Dean. He drank it in eagerly, happy to be a mere droplet of water in the face of this absolute, holy glory.
Maybe it’s the way his voice breaks on please. Dean thinks it’s probably his wings flexing behind him, which Cas rises as if drawn to. He reaches a hand out, wordless, but doesn’t touch.
He stroked Cas’ cock to make up for the loss of contact and hot water, sliding one slick finger in and watching Cas shiver. God, he’d never get enough of this. Cas’ ass was drizzled with lube, and so was his cock, and Dean could’ve teased him forever. He pumped three fingers in, delighting in the strangled cry it produced, and slowly circled one against Cas’ prostate.
“You’re ridiculous sometimes,” Dean hummed happily. He wasn’t sure he ever felt this good before Cas.
And Dean isn’t exactly sure how they got from there to them both lying flat on the grass, Cas on his back, Dean propped up on his elbows, Dean absentmindedly picking daisies and laying them in the hollow of Cas’ collarbone, dusting him with thin white petals; but he suspects it has something to do with the buzzing in his chest and the intense desire to kiss Cass, all sloppy and hot and –
“Dean, you met when he pulled you out of hell after you kickstarted the apocalypse, it took you years to get your shit together, and you screwed before having your first date.”
It wasn’t like normal sleep, he knew that much. He could feel Cas, and not just from where their palms met and blood trickled down their wrists. It was more like he and Cas were in a lake, or rather they were the lake, ripples washing through them in one motion, no air between them. The room with the swaying candles was gone, the bunker, the sky was all gone. He was surrounded by Cas and was surrounding Cas. If he’d been fully conscious, he would have pulled back in an instant. It was too intimate, too much. Instead, he stayed there, basking in the cool blue.
“Yup. Don’t know where the world would be without classic rock.” Dean smiled, watching Cas’ knee groove along to the punchy, distorted guitar riff.
I missed the earnest tone of his prayer. It had been preferable to this irritable questioning. I rolled my eyes, and could not help but remember the last time I had been undressed on the hood of the Impala. I shrugged. "I was in South America. They have the most amazing flowers there, and the bees come to them, and I watch the bees. They're fascinating. Almost like angels, with a hive mind and little individuality, but they don't fight. They just pollinate flowers." I smiled up at him, because I thought that was beautiful. It gave me hope for myself, sometimes.
"That's not true, Dean." I pressed my lips together, to stop them from trembling. My throat ached to let a sob out. The feeling was becoming ever more familiar to me, but I held the tears back.
Dean cries when they walk inside the house, his hand skimming its beaten-up boards, all the scars where it’ll need new paint. It’s a fixer-upper, just like them. Through the far window, a lake glimmers blue and promising. This time, the tears are happy and relieved.
Dean never left the chair for more than five minutes at a time. He slept there, using, more often than he'd admit, Cas' trenchcoat as a blanket. There was a bottle of whiskey by the leg of the chair, but it was unopened. Had been for days. That must be some sort of a record. If Cas woke up, if he needed help, he couldn't be drunk. And he couldn't be so deep asleep that if Cas called out, he wouldn't hear. Those were the only facts that stopped himself from drinking himself into a stupor, drinking the thought
“I’m a bad influence,” Dean said proudly, tossing Cas his beer. Cas opened it with his hand and absentmindedly sipped some.
Eventually, they stopped their steady circle and stilled, swaying together in a large square of light cast by the window. Cas closed his eyes, and Dean took the opportunity to steal a swift kiss. The corners of Cas’ mouth twitched, but he didn’t open his eyes. Dean took a hand off of Cas’ waist to cup the angel’s face. Cas let out a breath of contentment. Dean said quietly, “We should do this again.”
"I'm always gonna come back," Dean said, mouth dry. Things had been good, but in a way, he knew they were fragile, too. Like the foundations were only just being built.
Now, things were different. “So, you and your girlfriend are going on a demon cruise. How, um, how long?” Dean asked, staring down at the dregs of his beer.
“Well.” Cas frowned. “I don’t know how to put it, exactly. While I was remaking you, I wasn’t in a body. It was just my grace and your soul, after I dragged you out. I suppose that’s what I was talking about when I mentioned our ‘profound bond.’” Cas said, his fingers forming over-exaggerated air-quotes. “We were intimate in perhaps the most spiritual sense possible.”
“What about touch?” Dean asked after counting up the senses on his fingers. The bartender raised one eyebrow at him as she set his shots down with a clink. He rolled his eyes at the sassy older blonde.
Cas collapsed to his knees in front of Dean, and before Dean knew what was happening, Cas’ hands were everywhere, skimming over him, holding him. “Dean,” Cas growled. “Are you all right? Dean.” He looked down. “I couldn’t control it, not towards the end. I think I started to appear in some aspect of my true form, I started pouring more of myself into you… Dean, are you all right?”
Cas frowned, but evidently grasped Dean’s meaning. He scanned the bar, inhibitions forgotten. “Well, the redhead over there has very nice breasts, and the man by the pool table is attractive – oh, that blonde in the corner looks interesting, but Dean, I-”
It was like the world lit up, once he was inside Cas. The candles flickered gently, sending waves of light across Cas’ leanly muscled torso, coloring everything in a flood of rosy fire. The air around them crackled with angelic grace and the smell of artificial flowers hung heavy. Sweet Jesus, the feel of Cas pressing all around him, hot and tight and now Cas tasted like salt instead of rain – he could never get enough of this.
And this was the last time he'd be able to ask that, to dare to hope for his prayers to be answered. He took a deep, shuddering breath, closing his eyes. If Cas stayed still, he'd have to walk away. Find some way to quell the ache inside, the sneaking feeling that if he had waited longer, if he had somehow had more to give, then -
“Cas!” He exclaimed suddenly. “You were so busy reading your damn book you never looked out the window?”
Dean stared up unblinking as the light grew brighter. Cas would tell him if he had to close his eyes. Cas’ wings folded around them, and Dean shivered against his lips. The electricity flowed through both of them, and Dean gasped. Cas trembled under his touch, a sheen of sweat covering him. This mixture of angel and man, eyes shining with holy fire, wings spread out but shaking as Dean touched him and moaning, it was perfect. It was Cas. I love you, he thought, not trusting his voice to carry the words.
Dean opened his mouth to say something, but instead he rose up from where he knelt between Cas’ legs, kissing Cas on the mouth long and hard. He grasped Cas’ cock and stroked up and down while he kissed Cas’ neck slowly. When he looked back up to meet Cas’ eyes, they were closed, his head falling back against the window. Dean gasped. The shadows of Cas’ wings, sprouting from his shoulders and falling wide over the car seats, were clearly visible, dark in the snow-tangled light.
“Nah, you should get back home. Get some shut-eye.” There was a fond edge to Sam’s tone that made the suggestion sound more like
Dean didn’t tell Sam about what happened with Cas, but somehow, Sam knows. Not everything, but he knows something. That should’ve been terrifying, after most of his life spent lying and hiding who he was from Dad, and from Sam too, from anyone and everyone except for the guys he trusted enough to see in locked motel rooms. But somehow, it was more of a relief than anything else.
Dean sat on the edge of the hood, Cas to one side and Sam to the other. Yes, he ached everywhere in a way that angel mojo wasn’t gonna get rid of, but damn if he didn’t feel good. Judging by Cas’ rare grin and Sam’s sigh of contentment, the feeling was mutual. The bad guys were dead. He had his brother alive and well, and he had his… he had Cas.
That was how they came to be sitting in the Impala, August sun streaming through the windows onto the leather seat, Dean playing the drums on the dashboard and Cas wrinkling his nose.
you for all of it, because you're too busy being a motherfucking flower child and showing up on my car naked. Guess that leaves me to blame, huh."
“Some of them were pretty whacked out I guess.” Dean bit his lip. “Hey, wait. You’ve got control over your vessel, right?”
be lost.” Cas swallowed with a click. “I’m disgraced to heaven. Despised. I think when I wrapped myself up in wondering what I was, angel or man, here or there, I got so close to the facts I lost sight of them. Dean, when you die, I won’t be able to visit you in heaven. I’m practically forbidden from showing my face there. No, don’t cry. Being lost is not so-”
And that’s part of what he likes. Likes Cas pinning him down to the bed, likes feeling the otherworldly power coursing through him, likes the fact that Cas has lived through millennia and for some odd reason, has chosen Dean. But why would Cas want him?
“Well, you were exhausted. Driving for three days without sleeping was very foolish.” Dean rolled his eyes. “So, I made what you said was the worst hot chocolate you’d ever tasted and you went to sleep.”
He ran a hand over his face. He looked... Aggravated. I wondered if he had been lying when he said he wanted to see me. He certainly didn't seem very happy now I was here. He stood stiffly before asking, "And why are you naked?"
“I love it,” Dean blurted out. “OK?” And it wasn’t like he hadn’t said this before, or at least implied it, but he had to say it again. “I love that you’re both. That you’re everything.” He reached out impulsively, and held Cas’ wrist in his hand, making circles with his thumb.
Dean raised his eyebrows, suddenly envisioning a strange future where Cas was his hunting partner and Sam was Eileen’s. He was unsure if he liked it or not. “Hunting partner, huh?” He said, waggling his eyebrows. Sam sighed, shaking his head with a small smile that told Dean he was partially right.
Eventually, Cas picked up a slim blue volume of collected poems. He didn’t ask for it, exactly, probably because he was still a little unclear on what the notion of Dean taking him out for a date meant. He just held it longer than he had the others, fingers resting on the pages like he didn’t want to let go. “That one?” Dean asked. "Neanderthals weren't the only ones that got it right, huh?"
Dean had found it while sorting through some of the Men of Letter’s boxes down in the dungeon, of all places. He’d picked it up, frowning. It was a lucky penny, dated circa 1900, but it had the Enochian sigil for protection on it. A worn leather cord was strung through a small hole at the top, making it into a necklace. He'd pocketed it, telling himself maybe he'd look into it, but all the while he'd had an inkling what purpose he wanted to put the find to.
“Yes,” he growled, kissing Cas like a drowning man might gasp for air. “Fucking yes,” he whispered into the space between Cas’ parted lips.
Right. Cause dirty talk was the universal mystery. “Talk to me and I’ll finish you,” he said, teasing a circle at Cas’ rim. When Cas was silent, Dean said, “Just tell me what you feel.”
“Dean, you need to eat something.” But Dean thinks what he’s really after is leaving Cas’ arms free long enough for Jack to step in for a timid hug.
Cas’ eyes flicked up from his book when he saw Dean taking his shirt off. Cas was in one of Dean’s black t-shirts and his boxers. Dean stared him steadily in the eye as the guitar solo flowed around them, high and electric. Cas stood up, marking his place carefully before discarding his book. Dean smiled, and reached out to take Cas’ shirt off. Cas lifted his arms obligingly, and then Dean took the angel in his arms and kissed him. They fit together like puzzle pieces.
Learning to Fly, by Pink Floyd (Not the Tom Petty one from the beginning! This one is profound in a whole 'nother way.)
It was after we’d left Raphael in the burning circle of holy oil. My face was still damp from the earlier storm. We were driving along the road when abruptly, he pulled over the car onto a dirt track leading away from the highway and stopped. I waited for him to say something.
“Right. Cause torture therapy fixed your head?” He regretted it the instant he said it, but he was still bitter that Cas had let the angels do that to him.
Cas thought for a moment, leaning his head against the window. “Sam always said you wanted a family.”
Gone. He turned the word over in his head, staring at the blank wall. By no desire of his own, apart from some half-hope that Cas might be there, or a masochistic urge to see that he wasn’t, he unconsciously turned and started to walk to the cassette room. He stared at the cassette desk. It was a dusty old thing. Some of the plastic was cracked.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “But I mean, it’s kind of the first time. The bunker was mine, you know? It wasn’t Bobby’s house, or Lisa’s, or any place I was welcome but wasn’t mine.”
Finally, Castiel cracked a smile and nodded. He didn’t say anything, but it was enough. Words were overcomplicated, anyway. Especially when it came to Cas. It was some hours later when he did speak. The Lynyrd Skynyrd cassette mix was on repeat, but Cas didn’t seem to mind. “Tell me about this song,” he said when it had cycled back to Free Bird.
Cas isn’t wrong – Dean thinks back through years of batting his eyelashes to get leads on cases, to darker, grimier years of turning tricks when cash ran thin, to times when it was the only way he could get someone to touch him without violence. He just hadn’t thought it was so transparent. But then, Cas knew him too well. Too well to want him like that.
Dean had laid him down on the bed, watching the slow - too slow - pulse of Cas' throat. After a frozen moment, he'd started to dress Cas' wounds, unbuttoning Cas' shirt, wiping the blood away. The mechanical motions had taken on a tender note he wasn't used to and couldn't deal with. There was no quick quip Cas would hear, no way to say, 'you'll live, quit whining'. Because Cas wasn't saying anything. And he certainly wasn't sleeping, because angels didn't sleep -
Dean's lips hung gently parted as he stared down at his angel. Cas got to his feet, legs shaking, before he collapsed onto Dean's lap once more. They stay like that for quite some time, in silence, their foreheads pressed together and sweat cooling on their necks. "Happy Valentine's Day," is all Dean could think to say. Cas half-frowned and half-smiled, that expression which said,
Sam sighed. Cas stared fondly down at his beer for a moment, contemplating it with greater depth than Dean thought it merited. “How come you want a beer, anyway? You can’t taste it, and it’s nowhere near enough to get you drunk.” He made a mental note to get Cas properly drunk again sometime.
“You’re so, y’know,” Dean waved a hand, “Eternal and all. And I’m so… whatever I am, and Cas, I can’t imagine it! I can’t imagine loving a flower at all, so how can you possibly-”
Cas takes Dean’s shirt off, slowly, entranced by the landscape of Dean’s chest revealed to him. He fits his palm over the handprint on Dean’s shoulder, and his throat goes dry at the whimper Dean makes. He skims his other hand down Dean’s ribs, which makes him twitch, too. Then he lowers his mouth to Dean’s neck and kisses him, doing anything that makes Dean shiver and press up against him. He spends a long time lapping at Dean’s nipples, which makes the other man writhe against him, his mouth offering a long stream of “Cas-Cas-Ca-asss...”
"Maybe you got used to a certain kind of celebration during your years on the road." Dean blinked at the thought that his 'years on the road' were over.
Cas followed him into one of the disused rooms, in which Dean had put an old casette deck he’d picked up from a thrift store while Sam was off somewhere, probably reading a demon dictionary or something. Dean had put way too much thought into what song he was going to play for Cas, to be totally honest. He’d immediately thought of Houses of the Holy, but wasn’t sure how it’d go over. Finally, after absent mindedly biting his lip until it almost bled, he’d decided. “This is one of my favorite songs. Thought maybe you could relate.”
He reached out, and handed me what appeared to be cooking oil. I cocked my head to one side, and he let out a throaty groan before squeezing some onto my fingers. He guided them between his thighs, between his butt cheeks, and pushed them inside. My eyes went wide. Precum dribbled down my dick, and I started thrusting my finger in and out of him. He closed his eyes, and I growled at the loss of that absynth green, that rough shine. He whispered instructions to me through gritted teeth, telling me what to do.
Dean rolled over gently, trying not to wake Cas as he deposited the sleeping angel on his back. As much as he wanted to be the first thing Cas saw when he woke up, they were both covered in sweat and cum and lube, and the room was… a disaster zone. Dean tip-toed away, careful not to cut his feet on broken glass. He came back with a broom, with which he promptly swept the shattered candles away. He stared at the window. It was gone. He could hear birds singing outside. “Fuck me,” he muttered, before remembering with a grin that that was exactly how his room had gotten this way. He picked up the bottle of lube off the floor, shaking his head at the scent, before pausing.
Dean didn’t think Cas was going to speak, he was so engrossed in watching the landscape slide by. Small towns, mostly, with some flat countryside inbetween. Nothing special. There was something special, though, about watching Cas looking out the window, one hand resting on faded blue jeans that used to be Dean’s, white collar messy. Dean swallowed.
Finally, Cas looked up at him. To Dean’s relief, his expression wasn’t blank, but open. “I believe I’ve had an epiphany,” Cas said, smiling with his eyes. He took Dean’s hand, and Dean felt the familiar tingle of power go through his flesh, healing the deep cut on his upper arm and the gash on his forehead.
“Screw you,” Dean responded, turning away and smothering his face in the blanket. A moment later, a hand alighted on his shoulder,  Cas’ long fingers pressing gently down through the material of his worn black t-shirt.
“It’s interesting,” Cas replied. Maybe he hadn’t really expected an answer. “No, it’s… beautiful, I suppose.”
Cas’ list of things which gave him happiness reminded Dean a lot of the newspaper-clipping boards they use to make cases. A dozen articles or so which are all related by some thread, yet each different and strange, drawn to a collision by a single invisible thread. Dean stood there for a moment, watching Cas, drinking in the tiny lopsided smile that’s playing across his lover’s lips.
. Hot waves of bliss rolled through him with every hard, rough thrust, and he moaned and swore and still Cas held him, fucking him and milking him for every last cry of pleasure. Dean’s eyes were squeezed shut, and there was nothing, nothing except his angel. As he came back to his senses, back to the ground, he knew Cas must be wearing that over-sexed half smile behind his back while he pressed kisses along the hunter’s spine. Cas was still thrusting inside of him, and it was more than Dean could take. His prostate was unbearably sensitive, the helpless pleasure as Cas still struck it unbelievable. He didn’t want this to end, either, but he thought he might be about to pass out, Cas’ firm grip the only thing holding him up.
It was about noon by the time they arrived. Sam and Dean set about unpacking the gear, setting the fishing rods up just so and untangling the lines. Sam slathered himself in sunscreen and forced Dean to do the same. “Do you really want to get skin cancer, Dean?”
It’s a few weeks later, when a thunderstorm cracks open in the middle of their hunt. Dean sees Cas on the floor, his cheek cut and his hair soaking with rain. His heart seizes in his chest as he pulls Cas up. Sam’s firing gunshots in the background, killing the last monster.
But what took his breath away was Cas standing underneath a tree, reaching up with one hand and cupping a cluster of blossoms between his long fingers, staring up at them in pure wonder. It was an expression Dean had seen Cas wear on a few occasions before. It was so goddamn innocent it never ceased to make Dean’s heart stumble and stutter in his chest.
When the silence stretched on, Dean said, “I wanna go somewhere. Somewhere with mountains. We said we’d see those, didn’t we?” He wasn’t sure what sparked the idea, but somehow it felt like the only way forward. He swallowed down the nigh unbearable humming inside of him, like he had to move or change or find whatever Cas was keeping from him. If he couldn’t have that, he’d like the growl of the Impala’s engine and making Cas’ eyes go wide with wonder at new things and the open road.
My body knew the touch of his hands like a traveler knows their first home. Only, I never wanted to leave. We fucked and had sex and even made love countless times. We sat on the porch and he hummed that old Aerosmith song when there was nothing to say. He didn't know I knew the words.
“Inside me,” he muttered incoherently against Dean’s neck. “Love you. Fuck. Need you. Show me how you love me. With your hands. Yes, Dean.”
“You’re praying to him, right? And Jack woke Cas up in the Empty the first time by praying to him. So all we need to do is make your prayers a little louder. I’ve got a cosmic amplification spell.”
Cas eyed his cock curiously for a moment, as if deciding how to proceed. Dean was about to warn him not to go too far before the angel opened his pink lips in an O and sank down on Dean’s cock, taking all of it in his mouth. “Fuck,” Dean swore. The wet heat of Cas’ mouth felt so good, he had to stop himself from thrusting forward. Cas was still staring him straight in the eye, and Dean twisted his fingers through Cas’ black hair, guiding him backward and forward. Cas got the idea and started bobbing his head along Dean’s shaft. Dean moaned. Cas’ thumb drew tiny circles along Dean’s hipbone.
“I mean,” Cas blinked, looking away. What a weirdly human gesture. “I want to be here, with you and Sam. It feels… like family, I suppose.” He refused to meet Dean’s gaze. “Like it did in heaven. Except without the chain of command, of course.”
this game, Cas disappeared. Fucking wings. “Cas, damnit, you’re not meant to run!” Dean shouted, skidding to a halt and nearly falling over.
"There'll be bees in the garden soon. Spring coming and everything," Sam said offhandedly, before walking away.
Sam raises his eyebrows, thinks about Eileen, and how she would never want to stop hunting, and how he’d never make her. He thinks about how he’s glad one of the two most stubborn people he knows is getting out safe.
card. And it didn’t matter that Cas was different now, that they were both different, because he didn’t know how to help this Cas. So he did the only thing he knew how to – he snapped. “Right, that’s why you can fuck with my memories and do whatever the fuck you want, right?”
“It is,” Dean said into the nape of his neck. “When I… when I touched your wings, they felt electric.” He ran a hand over Cas’ shoulderblades, and watched Cas’ eyes flutter shut.
Cas eyed the orange and yellow marbled wall behind them. “I’ve noticed couples do an odd thing before. They carve their names into trees, or rocks and soforth, to mark a spot as theirs. I consider this spot ours,” Cas said bluntly.
His respite ended shortly after. It was like Sam knew he'd been drinking and oh, look, here came the intervention. "Dean." His brother sat down gingerly on the edge of the table across the bed. Dean wondered numbly if it might crack. It looked flimsy. "It's been three weeks." Funny how that last week had slipped down the sink drain of selfloathing and scotch. "Here's the thing. Cas only has a fraction of his original grace. And who knows what Lucifer did to him while he was possessed. It could just be taking him longer to... Recharge his batteries than normal." Dean nodded dumbly. "Dean..." Sam trailed off. "There's another possibility."
“It’s fine, Cas. I mean, I guess dreaming might be like getting high for you.” He smiled, wondering why Cas looked pretty much like he had back in that brothel. He laid out the candles in a circle, put the pillows on the floor, arranged the other ingredients and shut the door, although they were the only ones in the bunker.
, unjustly, by doing the wrong things. I kept wondering if perhaps you would come and pull me from my private hell – and I – I remembered that I had promised to return. At the end of it… Now… I feel… absolution.” Cas’ eyes were open and honest and
Cas pulled the trigger and pumped the shotgun in one fluid movement, releasing the red shell to the floor. Dean let out a low whistle. Cas had split the target figure’s head in half. “Try with the semi-automatic now.” Cas laid the shotgun down on the table after checking that there weren’t anymore shells left in the barrel, and picked up the other gun. He inserted the magazine clip, took the safety off and with only the muscle of his jaw flexing, planted three bullets in the bull’s-eye.
“Hey Cas,” he said without turning to look. He stretched his arm out to the side, letting out a brief groan.
Dean bit his lip. Chose to ignore what Cas had just said. Dusky gray light was spreading into the room from under the door. “What day is it?”
“Yeah. Dad kept it in a separate compartment of the Impala, away from all the weapons. I just left it there, until now.” Dean thought maybe John had wanted to keep just a tiny part of Mary separate from the world of monsters. “He must’ve gone back after the fire, to, uh…”
I haven't been replying to reviews lately, I've been so busy, but know that I read every last one of them and they make my day :) <3
Dean had to admit, it had a kind of Cas logic to it, but man, he’d never thought about Cas being into guys before. He swallowed. “So, ah, less one night stands, more dates?”
Dean reluctantly stopped to look the angel straight in the eye. “I’ve felt it before, but it’s so strong now, and I don’t know…”
“My point,” Cas continued as if Dean hadn’t spoken. “Is that we have endured the worst, you and I. We’ve been brutally tortured, fought bloody wars, doubted our own strength- and saved each other.” Dean was fighting to make another sarcastic comment, but he knew Cas was only speaking his mind. He felt pinpricks at the back of his eyeballs, tears threatening to spring loose. “In that past year, you’ve also taught me about humanity. That the greatest challenges do not always come with black eyes.”
"I broke you," he said. And then he laughed, until he started choking. I sat there, frozen, watching him struggle to breathe. Finally, he calmed, and cleared his throat. I stared.
Dean frowned, but before he could stop to ask about logistics, Cas was lifting Dean’s hand to his chest. Over his heart.
Cas nods. “Your eyes are greener, because it’s morning. Like apples, or like peridot. Did you know, people used to believed those gemstones fell from the sky, because they’re formed in erupting volcanoes.”
Cas smiled a private smile. “I was trying to find you. This girl in a red mustang kept showing up and flirting with me.”
"Of course." I said. So, I'd gotten the courtesy apology followed by an enlistment letter for the lethal cause. I expected to die anyway. I might as well do it for him.
As usual when Dean tried dirty talk, Cas didn’t respond. Dean wasn’t sure he really understood the concept. Keening, Cas leaned to him and with a tentative smile which made Dean’s heart skip a beat, he licked the cum off Dean’s collarbone. Dean groaned as Cas ran his wet tongue all over Dean’s chest and finally over his cheek, cleaning him of all traces of his release. “Dean-” Cas begged sharply.
Dean almost forgot about the snow falling around them, he was so wrapped up in Cas. He let out a soft sigh of frustration, pushing Cas’ trench coat off his shoulders. That was better. He shoved his own jacket to the floor before returning to his previous attentions. Their kisses were warm and wet and deep. Cas groaned and Dean’s eyes flickered shut. He could feel himself getting hard in his jeans, heart speeding up. Their bodies were perfectly flush. Dean couldn’t remember the last time they’d stopped to breathe.
“Just another box unticked for growing up a hunter I guess,” Dean said, standing and fetching a beer from the fridge. “You want one?” he asked.
Dean took Cas in his arms afterwards. Cas’ head found its own special spot between Dean’s neck and his shoulder, and Dean ran a hand absently through the angel’s black hair. Even though Cas was the one in his arms, it still felt somehow like he was being held. Funny. Could he make out wing shadows folding around them? Maybe.
More tears started welling up, eager to take their companion’s place. “Fuck.” So Cas was gone. That was… that was fine, wasn’t it? Cas had wings. He could fly wherever the hell he wanted, Dean had always told him that, from the beginning. He wasn’t under any obligation to stay. He probably just got bored of Dean’s mortal charms, or something, and was off on an angel safari. And if he was doing that, then there was a chance he’d come back. Right.
“Cas?” He called out. The angel was free to go wherever he wanted, of course. Try putting a leash on a confused celestial being. But in his longer absences, Dean started to worry that Cas had found his way into one of the more dangerous storage rooms. The Men of Letters basically had a demon sex dungeon, who knew what else they had down there? Dean wandered the halls, squinting his eyes. Sunlight glinted off the wood. Man, he really wasn’t used to this place in summer. “Cas!”
Dean cries packing his stuff (not much) to go to the new house. He jokes about Sam crying like a sissy once he finds out they’re gonna tear out the white picket fence. Sam wants to tell him he was upset on his way to Stanford, too, but that it didn’t make it the wrong choice. Stanford’s still a bit of a sore spot, though, so he doesn’t. Dean cries in the car on the way to the house.
It’s Cas’ voice, and Dean opens his eyes. Cas pulls the sheets off them, but Dean shoots a hand out and pins him back where they were.
“Don’t want you bringing any rugrats home any time soon.” He winked. “No, that’s not it,” he relented. “Here.” He handed Sam a smaller box which he’d held behind his back. “Look, I don’t know if it’s really appropriate or not, but even if it’s not, seems like you ought to be the one to have it.” Sam peered inside, and his jaw dropped.
To his surprise, he is left utterly alone, with a trench coat hanging from one hand, and Cas’ low laugh in his ears.
When he moved just that bit closer to Cas, angled his chin up and pressed them together in a proper kiss, it crashed over him.
Instead of pulling back, he pushed forward, almost, meeting the waves of Cas’ presence with his own. It was like Cas had been touching him while he lay still, and just now, he was returning the touches in kind.
his fingers gripping the angel's tie. Cas had closed his eyes, though. While Dean had carried him over the threshold, they'd fluttered closed and stayed that way.
"Fuck," he groaned. It was maybe 3 a.m., and the water he had ventured to the bathroom to get sloshed over the edge of the cup and onto the floor when he realized.
Cas leaned comfortably against the Impala as the two brothers set everything up, leaving matters in the hands of those more experienced than him.
“Everywhere that holds a special place in me,” Cas conceded. “Except heaven,” he mused darkly. “Anyway. I want to show you everywhere that… meant something to me,” he said, the human phrasing falling awkwardly from his tongue.
an angel, and I feel things differently than you.” Dean was distracted for a moment from every implication of the conversation by how good it felt to hear Cas say, confidently, that he was an angel. Without the word ‘broken’ tacked on. “I do want things, but that’s a human emotion. I’m not explaining this very well. I told you once we had a profound bond. So when I answer your prayers, whatever they may be, it ought to be… pure. Because you needed me, not just because I wanted you to.” Cas let the words fall between them, hanging still in the air before shattering into imaginary glass pebbles on the ground.
Eventually, he was so bored and his throat was so dry, that he turned onto his side and made to slide off the bed and onto his feet. The plan, however, failed miserably and after a terrible moment of heartstopping panic as he couldn’t control his legs, Dean landed on the floor with a
Dean lets out a low breath. “Fuck, man, that’s screwed up. You were always kind of autistic compared to the other angels.”
“I believe you said something about not going to bed until you’d goddamn kissed me goodnight.” Cas dropped his exaggerated air quote fingers while Dean closed his eyes. Fuck, he was starting to remember that. The worst part about his entire life becoming a chickflick was that he didn’t even seem to mind that much.
“I was thinking a little more…” Cas trailed off, his hand first nudging at Dean’s to direct it further up, before taking a hold of Dean’s hand, spinning them around so Cas’ back was against the rock wall, dragging him in close and kissing him.
“Think I could steal a kiss?” Dean smirked. Cas lifted his head up for a moment, traced the line of Dean’s jaw with a finger and then leaned in and kissed him, deep and sweet. Dean let out a soft sigh of satisfaction.
He bolts into Dean’s room. Dean is stiff on his bed, deep in a nightmare, his hands reaching up towards the ceiling. He screams out hoarsely. “CAS!” Cas reaches out and shakes him, skin sparking sadly at the contact with his beloved, but he won’t wake. Growling, he puts his fingers to either side of Dean’s temples and steps inside his dreams.
I got my start in fanfic and without all the encouragement and feedback from lovely lovely fans some years back, might not be doing writing today.
Dean wrung his hands. Because if Cas hadn’t left for any of the reasons Dean had already thought of, which he wouldn’t, God, he couldn’t, then that meant something bad had happened. Something dangerous. Which meant Cas could be dead. Fuck, he could be dead.
Cas sat down on the bed, and ran a hand over Dean’s forehead. Dean let his eyes flutter closed. “Let me get you some water,” Cas said, and cold air swept in where his hand had rested. Dean sighed. He kept his eyes closed, the brightness of the room too much for him, listening to Cas’ footsteps in the hallway. Cas returned after a few moments, and propped Dean’s neck up under a firm hand, tipping the cold glass to his lips. Dean lapped up the water weakly, and he felt himself falling, falling away no matter how firmly Cas held him.
Dean set his jaw. His Elvis phase was a thing firmly of the past. There was no space in his macho hunter vibe for singing Baby, Let Me Be Your Teddy Bear. “I don’t want-”
“I… it was unpleasant. I felt hollow and the back of my throat ached. Inside me seemed cold and sharp and… I don’t know, Dean.” Cas stuttered.
It was late afternoon, and cloudy outside. Dean closed his eyes against the gray light diffusing the room, and reached out a shaking hand. Lips forming
Those were the last two lines of the song Dean heard as the door swung shut behind them, along with the bartender calling, “Nice jackets, good luck!” as they walked away. Maybe if he’d been sober he could’ve worked out her implication, but right now everything was too funny, because Cas was dragging him by the arm and they kept stumbling over and Cas was laughing louder than Dean had ever heard him laugh. The sun was setting, making the sky that cheesy rom-com rose color.
“Jesus!” Wiping a hand over his forehead, he took the cooler out of the trunk. “Today you’re gonna learn about the wonders of fishing, all right?”
already. Cas stayed still, his hard cock stretching Dean open, just shy of where he needed it. “I love you fucking me, too,” Cas added contemplatively, and rocked a little into Dean. Dean moaned, the tiny movement causing the thick head of Cas’ dick to rest against his prostate.
“That’s loneliness, Cas.” Dean wasn’t sure he ever wanted to stop touching Cas, even if it was innocent, comforting touches like this one.
Dean’s jaw dropped. “You – I – that doesn’t even-“ he ran a hand through his hair and glared. “Whatever.” Then, he added somewhat sheepishly, “We’re going out for a drive.” He paused. “A long drive.”
"My grace is a fraction of what it was. It took me a long time to recover from my injuries - I entered a near catatonic state healing myself. I don't think I would've had enough energy to wake up again, it was like I was in limbo." Explanations like these drifted from Cas' lips while Dean stared up at him, awestruck. He was really awake. "I mentioned our profound bond once to you. When I rescued you in hell, I branded you. And your soul. Unintentionally," Cas said, frowning. "But there's an enormous amount of power in that bond. You triggered it, and woke me. I think this is similar to the parable about Snow White-" Cas said slowly, the edges of a smile tugging his lips up gently.
I think that there was never a night better than that night, not in all my aeons of existence. What I remain undecided on, however, is what my worst night was. One sticks out to me in particular.
“Good book?” He fished into his jean pockets, drawing out a scuffed cassette he’d picked up from a box on the side of the road on the way home. Just ‘cause Cas would like it. No other reason.
, I save people.” His voice sounded hollow. “Just because you’re the angel on my shoulder, that doesn’t mean… that doesn’t change anything. I don’t know if you noticed, but kamikaze is kind of my style.” Heat tingles through him, anger and whiskey in an unholy cocktail.
Cas stopped without warning, and the smile slowly faded from Dean’s face. Cas was staring down at him contemplatively, seeming to have forgotten that they were hard and straining for each other in their jeans. Cas said in satisfaction. “I think I know how to start know.”
Michael thought about this. “An illusion, maybe,” he murmured. “If Lucifer and I faked a battle. If we fell down into Hell and hid.”
It was a short drive. The body of the angel was in a tree, blue-and-silver wings stretched limply, long enough to almost reach the ground. Its head was lower than its feet, and strange, silver-colored something oozed slowly from its mouth. Cas had stabbed it through the heart, because he was nothing if not precise, Dean thought with a weird kind of pride.
“Well, we shall rectify that now,” said Aziraphale. He finished his last bite, clearing his plate. “Crowley, we should go. Lucifer and Chloe have done the first layer.”
“You really think Lucifer doesn’t do that?” Dean waved his hand at the little pile of clothes to indicate power or miracles or whatever.
Cas made a frustrated sound. “Yes, he does, but his world is more protected than ours. I have been—building him up to it,” he added, awkwardly.
“Ooooh-kay,” said Dean, eyeing Michael. He was definitely not like their Michael. “So, besides—that—” He waved a hand at Michael, not really having words for whatever was happening, “What are you doing here? Also, what are we doing here?”
“Different world,” Cas said. “Different rules. Trust me, if not him. Let him heal you. I promise he won’t hurt you.”
. These two things together were almost funny, except that Dean was in Hell surrounded by the loosest definition of
Dean’s stomach swooped and churned like Cas had thrown him into a washing machine, and then they landed with a hard thump. Cautiously, Dean opened his eyes.
She listened. She frowned. “Pretty big order,” she said slowly, like she was commenting on something. “Oh,” she added with a nervous laugh, “You know, just came up in conversation. No, really.” She looked desperately at the dead angel. “Yep, totally normal conversation about angels busting out of Heaven. We’re, uh, in a park. You know. Chatting? I told Crowley about the universes, and the light. It sounds pretty bad.” She listened. She smiled. “We’ll figure it out, buddy,” she said earnestly. “We’re the best and the brightest, right? We’ve got Angel Network and the Nightmare Universe guys on it! They’ve faced worse stuff than this. We’ve got this.”
Actually, it was a relief. He had someone to take care of him, once Dean was gone. Crowley was clearly very protective. And this world seemed bizarrely safe. That was—good. That was very good.
Cas sat next to Crowley, leaving Dean to sit next to Aziraphale. Cas said something to Crowley, low and fierce in Enochian, a vow type of deal. Dean caught a few words here and there: Cas spoke about safety and protection.
It felt like a case. Cas was at his side and he didn’t have Sam, but Ella was there, a bit subdued because of the dead angel.
He’d saved the life of a demon, not out of convenience or because he needed him for some plan—but to save his life. That same demon got into a shouting match with Dean because he was worried Dean was treating Cas poorly.
She smiled. “He’s kinder than he thinks,” she said. “And he’s been in love with Chloe for so long that it kind of hurts. He follows her around like a puppy. He’s super generous, too, and he likes people a lot – you can always find him in the precinct making friends or trying to solve people’s problems. He doesn’t do favors in the precinct – I think Chloe told him not to – but he still helps. You can just—you can just tell how much he loves it here. Earth, I mean.“ Her smile went fond.
. Did you really think I was just going to let you show up here and make a fool of yourself? Besides, nobody lets Lucifer out in the open in the Eighth Circle by himself, the lucky bastard. Too many monsters. Belial! Go fetch the king! Castiel’s here! I’ll have you know,” he added, back to Cas apparently, “that Azazel is currently hiding somewhere in the Fourth Circle. This is his second breakdown this millennia. Apparently, this is a record. I’m blaming you, Pigeon.”
Cas smiled at Dean, just little. “We should go inside. They’ll be waiting. Crowley’s probably made eggs. He makes them when he’s stressed.”
“Also not okay!” Dean shouted, finally angry, angry enough to blurt the truth. “My damned kid lost his soul! He killed my
Ella shook her head. “No. He says all guilty souls go to Hell anyway; he’s got no reason to collect souls. Crowley says that some of the other demons do. Collect souls, I mean, but Lucifer’s never really cared one way or the other about it.”
“I have to disagree, dear,” said Aziraphale, and now he looked a little pissed, too. Somehow, that was more disturbing than Crowley looking angry. “The first time you came here you were terribly depressed; the second time, more so. When we get back, Dean, you may borrow a dowel, and I will teach you, if you like.”
Cas gave him sad eyes, but otherwise made no sound. Chloe tilted her head, and Dean followed out of the room. He glanced back at Cas, a little concerned because he was leaving him alone with
Dean stared at her and then laughed, quietly. “You say that like my life isn’t already a shitshow,” he said.
It was also—Cas. Those wings were Cas. Not Jimmy. Something in Dean clenched, a little, at the realization. This was the angel, not the vessel. His angel, kind of – the one who answered his call and hung out in the bunker and smiled. He petted the coverts, a little struck with it. They were very soft.
A little shiver went through Dean, not quite heat—not the same as desire, but similar. The paradox had been awesome.
Bleeding was the physical, human translation, of course. Without a body the effect was quite different, though no less unpleasant.
Cas nodded. “Yes. This one doesn’t lie. He stretches the truth and obfuscates, but he does not lie. I was possessed by our Lucifer, Dean.” This he said very seriously. “This one is nothing like him. I recommend caution, because he has powers here that the other did not at home, but he will not harm you.”
, a rare, precious feeling for Dean. It made him snuffle close sleepily, filled with affection for his best, favorite angel.
Ella was right, he thought, looking up at the dead angel. It was kind of sad. Had someone preened this guy’s wings; had he gone soft and sleepy? Not that Dean particularly liked angels who weren’t Cas, but still.
” This was clearly Enochian, though a word Dean did not recognize, “Eat. You’ll feel better with some food in you.” He looked at Dean. “You too. You must be hungry. You’ve been sick quite a lot. You need your strength.”
“Aziraphale! Hi!” A woman rushed at them from the living room. She threw her arms around Aziraphale and squeezed him. “You must be Dean!” she added, and lunged for him.
“You think there is a connection,” Lucifer said, and he also sounded sick. He curled his wing closer around Chloe Decker, who put a hand up to her mouth.
Cas nodded. “It’s an extra sense in this world. It’s strange to get used to. We can sense when something or someone is beloved. Your car, for instance,” he said, a little sly. “If it were here, I would be able to feel how you love it.”
“It was a great miracle I carried that day,” Amenadiel said. Dean had no idea what the Hell he was talking about. “It was not my miracle. I carried one of Father’s.”
He’d fussed at Cas’s clothes before, of course. Had Cas interpreted it as preening? He must have. He’d let Dean do it, anyway. Now, Dean fussed with his coverts. Some of the feathers on the leading edge had gone all twisted from the bed, so he fixed it.
Aziraphale chuckled. “One sharpened feather on each wing,” he said. “The first primary. Primaries are his flight feathers.” He tapped them with his dowel, and sure enough, Dean could see that one of the huge feathers, easily more than the length of his torso, was sharpened like a blade.
“Sometimes,” said Cas. “Michael, once, long ago. It is not serious, and it heals very quickly, though it does sting.”
“Baby—” blurted Chloe, and lunged, hugging her daughter. “No, I can’t leave you here, of course not.”
before the sulfur in Dean’s face cooled, and the air went fresh, and the light brightened. He felt it when they soared up through air, up through a Hellgate; they were on Earth again. Somewhere down the line, Lucifer stopped singing, once the sky had turned earth-blue and not Hell-red.
Dean looked around the empty lot. That was some pretty good warding. Lucifer had said there were demons in the street – Lesser Demons and Hellhounds – but he didn’t see anyone. “Okay, that’s one question.”
, after all, Lucifer’s kid. By definition. I mean, look at Adam. I made my peace with that a while ago. It’s still
“He needs you,” she said. “I’ll be here, with Maze and Crowley. They said it’s bloodlines, mom. If I’m here, I protect this world. If you’re in Nightmare World, you protect that one. And you just said there are like no angels, right?” she raised an eyebrow at Cas. “Nobody to attack. We can keep more people safe this way. And if you find Lucifer’s mom—well, good. Besides, you have to watch his back.”
Dean looked him up and down, from his frowning, familiar face to the foreign, fluffy wings on his back. “You like it here,” he said. This was obvious, but it deserved saying.
Ella seemed curious. “What did he do? You keep saying he was a dick, and I’ve heard a few stories, but I don’t really know.”
They were absolutely being stubborn. Heaven and Hell were terrifying but Castiel and Lucifer were important, okay, and they would see them off, come Hell or High Water. Aziraphale was fiercer than he looked and Watchdog was with them. They would be fine. Probably.
A half-hour. A half-hour. It ended in a half-hour. There were things to do and things to worry about, Lucifer was clearly seething, and a half hour wasn’t nearly enough—there. He wasn’t perfectly content. The Entity could wait. This logic was extremely tenacious and Castiel would definitely need a better system, he thought abstractly.
“Stop!” This was Crowley. “You’ll upset—literally all the angels, okay, boss, not worth it. Castiel, why is Him Above destroying the alternate universes? There must be a story there. A reason.”
As Surgat, a glorified taxi driver, arrowed them to the First Circle, Castiel’s song picked up. Lucifer glanced at him; the angel had curled himself protectively around his human, stars in his eyes. Castiel was a pain in the backside, but it was kind of nice to see an angel who wasn’t Amenadiel snuggling his favorite human
Crowley made a whining sound that even Dean knew was bad. He lifted one of his wings. Dean had literally just learned angel anatomy this morning: most of his tertiaries had been torn out, and there was a vicious slash in the skin beneath, like someone had tried to cut off his wing midair.
“At any rate,” Aziraphale said, a little more severely, “It is time you explain to us what is happening, Castiel. We’ve called everyone.”
“This place is so weird,” Dean muttered. Case in point: the Hellhound begging him to throw a stick that had been a stone two minutes ago.
“Dean, Watchdog,” said Cas, clearly amused. “Watchie, this is Dean Winchester. He is my friend. Human, but a hunter. I think you call them hedgewitches, here.”
“No,” Dean replied, “It is not something you are supposed to tell them.” The hadn’t actually had sex, in fact. Never mind that Dean was a little uncertain about that once he’d sobered up a bit—because dude-shape—but Cas had pulled away a little when things got too heated, claiming that he was overwhelmed
Chloe and Beatrice.” That wing flexed and curled around the girl protectively and he downed a glass of something golden. Whiskey?
Cas chuckled. “Yes. That.” He stood and stretched his arms, another thing he usually didn’t bother with at home. Maybe it felt different here. It looked—Dean didn’t think about it.  It was Cas but it was also Jimmy Novak, the human body Cas was riding in. And Jimmy was dead! He had a nice stomach when Cas’s shirt rode up, but he was dead! Noticing physical things about Cas was problematic like that.
“Here’s something you’re not understanding,” said Lucifer, eyes narrowed. “I know about your body count, Dean Winchester.”
This was—kind of weird and awkward. Dean didn’t really know what to do with that. Luckily, Watchie ran full tilt after a crow, missed her lunge, and crashed into a nearby hedge. It kind of ruined the moment.
“No,” said Amenadiel, shaking his head. “No, I—I won’t either. But—” he thought about it, forehead wrinkling. “If we can stop him from coming here at all, if we can hide ourselves, perhaps we won’t need to.”
it right back to Crowley’s place, far more urgently than before. The car lunged forward unexpectedly, and they hurtled down the quiet street.
Both Amenadiel and Linda's uncertainty made their paradoxes rather unpredictable. They would get there, with time.
“Send a letter when you need me to open it again,” Sam said. He was closing the door behind them, because Cas didn’t know how long they’d be gone.
“Michael says that you can’t stop Chuck from coming here, but that you—inhibit him, a little,” Cas added to Chloe. “It’s why He’s sending angels instead of coming himself.”
“Crowley is incredibly protective of those he loves,” Aziraphale said quietly. “And he cares for Castiel a great deal.”
“Likely something about Lucifer, I daresay,” said Aziraphale with a sigh.  “Castiel wore much the same expression when we first told him about Lucifer, didn’t you, Pigeon?” He gave Dean the stink eye. What the Hell did he do now?
“No one’s thrummed in our Heaven in thousands of years – at least not that I’ve heard,” Cas replied, slurring a little. “Affection drained away. It’s a love-sound, a content-sound. Good things.”
The sign had cracked some years ago and try as they might the city had been unable to fix it. Unbeknownst to them, in a few universes over where the rules changed
He seemed entirely unbothered that he was shirtless with his wings out, and in a kind of vulnerable position. It made Dean a little uncomfortable, to see him so, but it also made him feel kind of— protective.
“Not here,” Cas said urgently, and he rubbed Dean’s back. It felt surprisingly not horrible, and it was more affectionate than Cas had been back home. Weird. “Not with Crowley. There’s never a catch, with Crowley
It occurred to Dean as they reached the stairwell, that Watchdog wasn’t so much following them as monitoring them. She wasn’t bouncing and wagging her tail like she had before. She was doing her job. She was watching them—being sure they didn’t attack her demon. She and Aziraphale were behaving as if Dean were the threat, here
Chloe pulled back from her daughter. “Probably,” she said. “But she’s right. If I’m there with you, Him Above can’t hurt you while you’re there. And it’ll keep Him from burning up that world, too.”
“Who,” Aziraphale demanded, dark and surprisingly dangerous, running his fingers through Crowley’s feathers.
you great idiotic human!” thundered Crowley. “That’s what it means when an angel loses his faith! His feathers fray! He wastes away!”
In the living room, Cas was sitting backwards on a tall backed chair, shirtless. His brown hunter’s wings were folded neatly on his back. He was watching Aziraphale with a wry smile; Aziraphale was puttering around the kitchen, chattering away about—croissants?
“Chloe’s house won’t permit imps to enter,” Aziraphale added. “Those are what you call demons, in Nightmare World.” He smiled at Dean. “And at Lucifer’s—only angels with special permission may go there.”
“You’re not allowed to kill my best general; he’s the only one with half a teaspoon of common sense Down There.” Lucifer shook a finger at Dean. “If you kill him, I’m stuck with
“They get very affectionate after something like that,” Cas said, shrugging. “Apparently it happens to Lucifer and Chloe, too.”
