, was pushing
Sorry this is a short chapter, the next one will be longer, and with more plot, i promise!
“I can’t –” He couldn’t do it; he was too much of a damn coward. He wanted Castiel to have at least some respect for him, and he’d loose it all once he found out Dean was just an empty vessel incapable of doing his earthly duty. “Its personal, you wouldn’t understand.”
by your lifestyle and your unnatural behaviours.” Dean could hear an adult whispering in the ear of the boy, because a teenager didn’t come by those ways of thinking all by themselves.
Cas was gone in the blink of an eye, a soft rustling all that signalled his exit. Dean felt his legs fall from under him, but somehow Sam was there, letting him sink down with some grace.
He wasn’t depressed, because Chuck did some kind of test on him and said he was clear, but he certainly wasn’t a box of fucking birds.
by her answer.
“Yeah but – “ Cas wouldn’t even let him get a word in, just shook his head slightly and closed the gap between them. Such familiar lips, slightly chapped but so goddamned soft, met his in a jubilation of feeling. Dean couldn’t contain the giddy laugh that erupted from within him, he was just so goddamn happy. “So, I’m dead? Like, lights gone out, no one home, six feet under, dead?” Cas nodded, and curled their hands together, like it was their first date all over again. “How am I here with you then? I mean, I’ve done some pretty bad shit”. Dean looked down, embarrassed that he might have disappointed his angel.
“Since I moved here, not a single person of romantic entanglement has laid in this bed or even been in this house.”
“You ok?” Dean rubbed his mate's thick, muscled arm where it was draped across his chest. A short burst of air told him Cas was still conscious. “I didn’t quite catch that?” Dean turned as much as he could to focus his hearing, sleep trying to pull him under.
Cas tugged on his hand to make him look up, drew back and smiled that crinkle eyed, bright smile he only reserved for Dean.
Dean leaned down and kissed Cas, as chastely and innocent as he could in their current surroundings, but it didn’t stop a zing of pleasure warming his stomach. He felt Cas smile into the kiss, and Dean was deliriously happy.
like what he remembered from his father. He was glad his son has inherited those traits, at least then he would have some concrete memory of the man that had given him the best thing in the world, even if he never met him again. He desperately wanted too, though. Even if he didn’t want Dean as a mate, which he probably wouldn’t, considering he was older and Dean was a friggen teenager, Dean still wanted him to know he had a son. He would never deprive Lincoln of knowing his father.
Dean was a mess; he was going to destroy him.
tired of running, of
“Sorry, Sammy. Just needed to wrap my head around this whole thing, you know?” Sam frowned again, bitch face at full throttle, but nodded.
Velvety smooth, spit slick skin met his embarrassingly chapped lips, and he bit down a groan. Dean was everything and more that he desperately wanted, had denied himself for so long because of his cursed affliction.  A soft whimper tumbled from between Deans pink lips, and Castiel could hold himself back no longer.
“As soon as we get off this island, and find us some condoms, I’m all yours.” Dean grinned, and Cas snorted, breaking his morose mood.
He endeavored to get to the bottom of the mystery that was Dean Winchester, no matter what. He was a lawyer, after all, it was his job to investigate, reveal the truth and get the best outcome for all.
Cas. You just – you can’t leave me here.” Dean was shaking, he didn’t know if it was because the adrenaline flooding his system was waning, or it was a physical reaction to his brain processing what Cas was saying. The crippling, strangling
you know?” Dean sighed; because of course Cas thought he was crazy.
“C – Caass.” He knew he’d whispered, and he geared himself up to try and shout a little louder, when the light went away and he could focus on the doctor in front of him. He was familiar, Dean was sure, but he couldn’t place a name. He must be at Cas’ hospital, because the doctor was a colleague of his. “C – Caaasss?” He made it a question, hoping that would get the message across.
However, ten minutes later when there was a knock at the door that almost made Dean jump out of his skin, he was ready to slap the leering look off his smug little face.
“Cas, I –” But Cas just shook his head, dark hair unruly and wild.
“What the hell is this doing on a pleasure cruise?” Dean still hadn’t really forgiven Sam for tricking him into going on the cruise. Said it was for
Or nightmare.
Dean was really concerned Gordon was about to leap across the space between them and kill them both. His look spasmed between murderous indignation and surprise that Cas would apparently insult him in front of his friends.
he was still alive, he would have
That was why he was doing it, though, to protect others, and his country. To try and atone for what he had done, so one day, he had a hope of seeing his angel again.
Gadreel and Sam weren’t that much better, rumbling and growling around a still shaking Gabriel. Sam knew that Dean would tell him if he needed anything, and Dean was grateful for that connection. Who knew what Cas would do if Sam got all overprotective as well. Cas was still breathing heavily, eyes a deep, blood red. It should have scared him, but instead, Dean felt an immense feeling of protection and safety wash over him.
“But you did tell him
“Can – can I get these? I’ve been feeling, I dunno, unbalanced lately?” Dean wished his voice hadn’t turned it into a question, so he just coughed and would blame it on being a teenager. His mom looked at him strangely, but she didn’t stop smiling, which he took as good sign. She didn’t smell angry or suspicious, but happy and content. Dean swallowed, hating himself slightly; because one day soon, he was gonna take that smell away from her.
Cas stood on the threshold of his house, cool as a cucumber and completely oblivious to Deans internal panic attack. He could tell he was flushed and sweaty, he must have looked
life sucked balls.
they hadn’t picked up on his scent. Dean had stood there, frozen to the spot, not knowing exactly what to do. The absolute last thing he wanted to do was see his brother getting boned, but his body had refused to cooperate.
“So, um, how about that second date?”
“We do make an explosive pair, don’t we.” Dean just laughed, because his heat had cleared somewhat, and all he really wanted to do was curl up with his mate and sleep until the next wave hit.
“Never.”
He knew Cas would be kind to him, whether he accepted Deans invitation or not, but it didn’t stop the worry eating away at him, until he saw his boyfriend, that was. Every fear Dean had melted away at the sight of Cas’ laughing face, blue eyes bright and happy. Charlie had obviously been in the middle of some funny story, but she stopped and greeted Dean instead of continuing.
He didn’t know what it was about the dark haired, blue eyed guy laying across from him, but he trusted him almost as much as he trusted Chuck.
Principle Tapping pursed her lips and frowned at Dean, almost as if she wasn’t sure how to handle him.
“Are you serious? How in the hell would
Take a chance and swerve, which would probably be disastrous in the wet weather, or hit the car, and the family in it, side on and possibly maim, or kill a lot of people.
and that couldn’t happen. He had to find the man in the club; he had to find out if he had been right that night.
Sams laugh actually shook Deans phone, tinny speaker vibrating with its own mirth.
“Cas - Cas listen to me,” Dean gently cradled Cas’ head in his hands, forcing the alpha to look him in the eyes. The alpha sniffed wetly and grit his teeth, before nodding once. “I’ve got an idea, it’s crazy and beyond anything we’ve talked about, but I think it could work.”
“Sam! He’s not dead. He can’t be.” Dean gritted his teeth and refused to admit his voice wavered. They were wasting precious time; they should be in there, saving him.
Cas howled as he came, Deans body clenching around his knot, drawing his orgasm from him in steadily building waves. Dean moaned again when he felt Cas’ white hot come cover his insides, marking him inside as only his. Dean didn’t even notice Cas nosing at his neck until Cas bit down, sending another orgasm spreading through Dead. He could only whimper, completely spent, as Cas licked and sucked at the new mating bite, marking him forever as Cas’.
That guy from Jurassic Park was right, life will find a way.
“I don’t – there’s something
Rejection.
Making his way to his room, shedding clothes as he went, he deposited them carefully in his wash basket so to not make a mess he would inevitably have to clean up.
“We won’t let them get anywhere near you, Dean, that I’m sure we can all agree too.” Gadreel looked around the group and everyone nodded. Dean smiled, and goddamnit it, his face heated up too. He wasn’t used to people caring about him like that, apart from Sam.
“My baby’s coming, Benny. It hurts, its hurts
“Whatever. Hope you find what you’re looking for.” And with that, he was gone, leaving Dean to sit there and wonder which decisions in his life had led to that very moment.
Why did mouths suddenly go dry? All the fluid in his body descended to his stomach, where it felt like he was going to throw up and get sucked into a black hole all at once.
“Who pissed in your cereal?” Dean snorted, because Chuck always knew when he was down. It didn’t take a mind reader to tell that he was in a shitty mood. Looking over Chucks shoulder as the doors opened and closed loudly, Dean’s heart thumped hard when he spotted Cas laughing with a bunch of people. A red haired girl slung her arm around his shoulders, and he couldn’t help feel jealous of her ability to show affection without any fear. When she leaned down and kissed Cas on the cheek, Dean looked away, the sick bubbling feeling in his stomach too much to bear.
“I need you to move,
worry about, all through his afternoon classes. He showed Ms Moseley a few of his rough sketches which she seemed happy with, and handed his homework in to Crowley,
Letting out a determined breath, Dean hit dial and waited.
“You – you couldn’t tell me, give me the cold hard
Parking his Lincoln outside the Roadhouse, Castiel cast his eyes over the wooden exterior, reveling in the rustic sense of the place. He was inexplicably nervous, despite talking to Sam at length about what to expect. He was
Pinching the guy’s nose, and lowering his mouth to his, Dean sucked out as much water as he could. When it felt as if no more could be dredged from the guys lungs, Dean began his thirty compressions, with two breaths in between.
within him.
“Of course she said yes, dude. She knows your smart, and everyone knows you’re awesome, what’s not to like?” Sam’s grin lit him up from the inside. He was damn near radiant. This mysterious Jess was obviously good for him.
Dean gave him his patented
Cas rumbled low in his chest, the vibrations tickling Deans inner omega. “If you don’t do something very soon, I believe this will be very short lived.” Cas was sweating, and shaking, and Dean glanced back down to the hand wrapped around his cock. It was flushed and twitching, but when he moved his hand, he could see what Cas meant.
Fuck going slow, his damn teenage hormones were surging through him, telling him to see Cas
“Dude, are you
“What’re you –” Words became obsolete to Deans very existence, as soon as he felt his mates tongue lick from his balls, all the way up to his puffy, leaking hole. The obscene half scream it pulled from Dean was something that he had never come from him before. Between one pass of his alphas tongue and the next, Dean had buried his face in a lump of blanket to contain his embarrassing noises.
Dean didn’t really know how to feel, looking at the amount of zeros in his bank account, but he knew he was angry. The injustice of it all, that Dick Roman wouldn’t be held to account for blocking the authorities for so long, making it impossible for them to be found. Because of course they all had to sign a damn blanket gag order that stopped them talking to anyone or pressing charges. But he had a kid to think of, and the stress of a drawn out court battle and all the media… he didn’t even like thinking about it.
Rolling onto his bed, Dean covered his eyes with his arm, willing the stinging behind his eyes to go away. The last thing his parents needed was to come home to their oldest son serving them dinner with red rimmed, blood shot eyes.
“Sam’s my brother. I found him on the beach up from where I dragged you out.” Dean started walking back towards the beach, hoping Sam was close by and hadn’t decided to go looking for him. Cas caught up quickly, holding branches out of the way for him. Dean couldn’t help grinning at his dumb luck. Imagine finding his mate washed up on a desert island.
Goddam fucking Gabriel and his goddamn shady assed cooking.
“I can find something to numb the pain, and prevent too much swelling.” Gabriel’s eyes widened in surprise, but he nodded. Cas lead him to the stream, probably to wash his face and cool it down.
Like he said, he loved his parents.
“You smell very happy, Dean.” Dean smiled, and kissed his stubbly cheeked alpha.
is going to take your baby, alright? But we need to make sure he’s ok. You want your baby to be ok, don’t you, Dean?” Melissa must have been used to crazy omegas, because Dean immediately calmed down. He did want his baby to be ok, that was his main priority.
“Yeah yeah, I know. Look, we’ve still got a few days. We’ll… figure something out, ok?” Dean patted Sam on the shoulder and turned away, mainly to hide the fear he knew was all over his face. He was so glad he was wearing the paste Cas had made up for him. The longer he kept his fear from everyone, the better.
“I’m not going to force you into anything, Dean. It’s your choice. Your friends know, and your family knows.” Cas raised his eyebrows in question, and Dean just nodded. “So that’s all that matters, really. It’s no one else’s business.” Cas grinned, an evil smile stretching his amazing lips. “Besides, I’ve always wanted to be someone’s dirty little secret.” Dean could tell Cas was trying to lighten the mood and make him feel better, but he didn’t want to hide Cas away like some mistress. He told him as much.
His cock was a deep, deep red, veins standing out proudly from beneath the skin. The flushed head leaked copiously despite still being nestled within his foreskin. It would not emerge until he reached orgasm, trying in vain to reach the warm final resting place of his seed, the
“You can’t even
Once he was sure every last bit of the offending substance had been washed from his skin, he stumbled back up to where he had left the small coconut of lotion Cas had made for him. It was the most important thing he had on the island, and he was damned without it. He smothered himself in the stuff, which meant he was going to need more, which meant asking Cas for a top up.
Dean sighed, because life really was full of shit. He found his mate, on a desert island no less, and yet he still couldn’t get over his pretty well-founded fear of alphas. He knew what they could do, what they had done, to guys like him. He was pretty sure Cas wasn’t like that at all, but he wouldn’t know for sure until he actually got to know the guy.
Dean watched as Cas’ cock swelled in front of him, somehow getting even bigger. The choked off growl was the only warning he got before Cas was swallowing him down as far as he could, which turned out to be pretty damn far.
they had had each other. But as always, the Winchesters just weren’t allowed to have nice things.
His parents were comfortable, but they weren’t frivolous by any means. He knew they were saving up to send Sam to a fancy college, and that was more than fine with him. He didn’t need to go to some fancy assed school to do what he wanted anyway.  Sam though, he wanted to be some big shot lawyer and that cost money. Dean knew he’d be good at it, too. From as early as he could remember, he’d been getting away with murder and had their mom wrapped around his finger.
Time for some brotherly advice.
to prepare his mind for what his body was going to go through. What better way to do that than watch people he didn’t know go through enormous amounts of pain. He clicked on a video the pregnancy website recommended, which featured a male omega.
you thought that, Dean?” Cas asked him a completely controlled voice. The conversation was hanging on a knife edge, and the whole room was overflowing with tension. Dean refused to be cowed, though, and he saw no harm in his observations. He sat up straight and looked Cas in the eye.
“Cas I -“ His fiances finger pressed against his lips, gently silencing the apology dancing over his tongue. Cas’ eyes crinkled in a slight glare, but he couldn’t keep the happiness from them for long.
surprised, considering the fuck muppets Sam had unknowingly set him up with in the past. Castiel tilted his head to the side in apparent confusion, and Dean’s heart danced inside his chest. “Uh, Sam has a habit of setting me up with assholes. No offence.” Castiel laughed, and squeezed Dean’s hand.
The burn was unexpected but not entirely surprising. Despite the hours and
He dived under again, running his hands through his hair to at least try and get the sand out. There really wasn’t any point, sand got
“Dude, it’s been three months,
For once in his life, everything was going exactly how he wanted it to. He didn’t have to hide around Cas, his parents
They had to wait until everyone was asleep, or in Gabriel and Balthazar’s case, otherwise occupied. Dean couldn’t do the rough and tumble outside the cave, preferring instead to test the waters again within the soft, warm comfort of their stone sanctuary. Because it had started to get colder, they had shared the blankets, pillows and various other soft things with the other members of their pack. The fire was also banked to its limit, so it was warm, safe and homely.
“I’m not interrupting anything, am I?” Dean couldn’t keep the slight edge of jealously out of his voice, but apparently, Cas
No but really, tell me what you think, because this chapter is about 80% porn, with 10% fluff and %10 plot so yup.
If Cas was dumping him, he was doing a pretty crap job of it. If it was the last time he was going to feel those gorgeous lips though, he wouldn’t pass up the opportunity. He threaded his fingers through Cas’ hair and held him close, moaning when Cas nipped at his bottom lip. Cas was relentless, and Dean was hard and shaking by the time Cas broke their connection to breathe deeply.
Concentrating on the reality facing him in that moment, he knew he would have to deal with the aching flesh between his legs before anything else. The alpha closed his eyes, and pictured a faceless, nameless body with golden skin and green eyes and –
Dean trailed his fingers up and down his cold beer, following the dripping streaks of condensation. He’d arrived early to get a good seat, somewhere secluded and quiet, because on a Friday night the Roadhouse was always pumping.
He scrubbed quietly at the tears, and he hoped the scent blocker extended to the saltiness the alphas would otherwise be able to smell. That would really top off his day, his brother, or fuck,
“Why wouldn’t I, Dean?” He really wished Cas would stop with the staring, but he just couldn’t seem to get enough of it. “Yes, your dark and mysterious, but your also
“Alright, Dean
“Uh, thanks guys.” Here was the clincher, though. Cas had agreed it was a good idea to tell them, because it might cause some… trouble. “So, here’s the next thing.” He was sure everyone leaned forward, waiting for his next big reveal. “Hopefully we get off this rock before then, but uh, my heat’s in just less than two weeks.” He was met with a tense silence, in which he was sure no one even
Dean felt this breathing slow, and the darkness descend, but he knew his angel would be there waiting for him, wherever his spirit flew to.
It pretty much summed up how he felt inside as well.
Oh sweet Jesus on a cracker, Castiel was gonna kill him.
When they eventually made it back to camp, Sam was the first one to rush over. “Dude, we heard you and Cas… what happened?” Sam, his big puppy eyes and floppy hair, would have made a good uncle. Dean kept it together, only just, but he did.
Cas turned around from where he was shuffling some dead leaves, and tentatively moved forwards. Dean held his breath when the alpha drew near, not trusting his body at all. The alphas scent had his body reacting like it never had before, and
and a small part, a tiny, stubborn, indignant part, knew that was selfish.
“I just – I’ve seen the bruises you try to hide, like, you wear a helmet man, hard to get bruises on your face when your playing football.”  Gordon threw a furtive look back to his goons, who looked like they were thinking way too hard for their small brains. Gordon looked, well he looked worried, as if Dean had uncovered some big secret. If he couldn’t even tell his friends, who did he have to talk to? “You can talk to me if you want? I mean, I’ve been there. Scared of what people would think, especially my family.” Dean had no idea why he was offering the biggest bully in school his shoulder to cry on, but it felt like the right thing to do.
“Dean knows what’s best for him, Mary. If he wants to tell people, he’ll tell them. It’s his choice what he wants to do. We’ve just gotta be there if all turns to shit.” His dad was scarily right, but when was he not?
that.
Cas did end up carrying Dean up to their bedroom, but only because his legs were shaking so bad he couldn’t actually stand. He was
“Dude, that’s kinda gross.” The orgasmic shine had worn off, and Dean just felt gross. If it made Cas happy, though, he supposed he could live with it.
come for your alpha.” Jesus holy Christ, that
He had to do it now, or he might not get another chance.
He left off the
Dean chewed his fingers while he waited for Cas’ answer.
His eyes wandered further down the trail, and he found himself staring at the wet outline of Cas’ cock, which was startlingly obvious from as close as he was.
“You um, you read some?”
“Yeah, it hurt, but it wasn’t anything I couldn’t cope with.” Benny inclined his head to agree, which Dean was thankful for. Sam looked in awe at the baby still nestled in Dean’s arms. Dean tensed when his mom walked over, and dropped to her knees in front of him. She took his free hand in hers and kissed his palm. It was so weird that he just sat there, frozen.
part of him wanted to hear his friends reasoning. It had been a long time since he had had a friend. “Because you are the
When Dean had agreed to go to the lake with Cas and his friends, Chuck included, of course, he had completely neglected to think about one very important, very
“Who’s Cas?”
What actually happened, was Dean stared at the poor guy for way too long, before putting his giant foot in his mouth. Well, at least Sam got a laugh out of it.
Dean watched Benny and Melissa in the front seats, and was once again so thankful he had some support. He wouldn’t have been able to do what he’d just done, on his own. Everything would have overwhelmed him, and he shivered when he thought of what could have happened. Benny must have caught his scent; the scent blockers had washed off him when Melissa had showered him.
commented on another guys apparent smoulder ability. Maybe he should book his tickets to Mexico now. Sam could visit on holidays. He always said he wanted to go somewhere exotic.
He’d never even imagined he would get the chance to -
In his mind, there was nothing wrong with touching. It taught people to accept other people’s boundaries and what was good and bad. If they didn’t have that in public, the only place to learn was in private, and that could be dangerous.
“It’s ok, dad. Everything’s ok now.” Dean just said whatever came into his head, and was super glad Benny and his mom hadn’t moved. His dad pulled back, and wiped a big hand over his eyes. He’d never seen his father, the typical alpha, in such a state before. It actually scared him a little.
He wasn’t going to fight it, he was too old and Sam
The omega looked into the blood red eyes of his alpha, poised to fight to the death to protect him. “
“How many are we talking about here?”
Hooting and hollering drew his attention, and when he saw Sam and Gadreel racing practically naked towards the crystal clear water, he smiled. At least they weren’t stressing out to much about their situation. That just led to bad decisions, and fatal mistakes.
our pup, Gad.” Castiel finally let the pain he had pushed away overwhelm him, falling into his brothers arms. He was glad Dean wasn’t there to witness his breakdown. He had to be strong for his omega; Dean would need him to be strong.
But blow jobs, those were on the table so he had to get his act together.
” Sam sighed and passed the file back, visibly upset. “Those fucknuts didn’t file the arrest report properly, so the
“Well, I believe his exact words were
The two on the screen changed position, and Dean heard a whispered ‘I’m ready, babe’. He closed his eyes, letting the sounds of two lovers connecting wash over him, imagining it was him and his own man. He pushed down the lump of emotion building up in his throat, willing himself to deal with it later because right then he wanted to feel
A gentle touch of skin against his face had him opening his eyes, blurring with tears. Cas’ large hand cupped his cheek, his thumb wiping slowly at the moistness threatening Dean's eyes. The alpha looked crestfallen at the omegas sadness.
“I think I need to stop you there, Dean.”
He also hadn’t moved.
He went back to his room and sat on his bed, booting up his laptop. Before he looked up anything, he made sure his door was locked and curtains drawn. Hopefully his mom thought he was just having some
“So, we’re good? We’re ok?” Dean
“Now now, boys. You just got here. At least have a drink with me?” Dean turned slowly towards the person pinning him down, and he chanced a look a Chuck. His friend was trembling, only notable to Dean, who knew what a scared Chuck looked like.
At that moment though, he needed Cas to complete the mating bond, to make it permanent. Plus, holy
“Dude, we are trapped in hell.”
“Cas…” It came out as more of a soft moan than anything else, but the blush that coloured Cas’ cheeks was worth it.
“You gonna come for me, alpha?” Dean growled at his mate, and that little question was enough to throw his mate over the edge. Cas’ cock exploded inside Dean, streams of thick cum flowing from him in a seemingly unending river.
what I was going to say, but if you don’t want to…” Cas looked uncertain for the first time, and Dean couldn’t have that.
Dean swallowed the lump of emotion in his throat, because he knew he would be the one to shatter that happy mood.
The other omega stalked forward and took Deans hand. The poor guy was probably craving touch like nothing else, being alone for days.
All through their memories he flew, higher and higher until the light eclipsed everything, taking all of his most precious, heart achingly beautiful moments with it. Because that was all he had left of his angel, and now they were gone too.
“So, Dean,” He snapped his head around, slightly startled by Cas talking to him, “I haven’t seen you around school much, what classes do you have?” Dean wondered where he had seen him before, because he would have certainly remember those beyond blue eyes and those plush pink lips and that dark hair that looked like it was soft and thick and –
By thirty weeks, Dean had had enough.
“Twenty percent of your grade is made up of stills from nature, and that can be done with anything from water colour to graphite.” She looked up from where she was reading, probably to make sure everyone was still paying attention. “Another twenty percent is still life, and that can be anything of your choosing, but the majority of your grade, because you’ve all chosen to do AP Art, is your sculpture. It can be from anything you can imagine, but it
Dean hurriedly typed out an apology, but he still felt terrible. What a way to end a great night, god fucking dammit.
“Are you alright?”
His smile fell, and his heart rate about quadrupled when he saw Cas meandering down the beach, only in the shortest boxer briefs Dean had
those kids, more than anything.
He shivered when Cas’ breath whispered over his lips, but he never closed his eyes. He thought it was a bit weird, trying to do it with his eyes open, but he didn’t want to miss a second of what could be their first, and only, kiss.
“Dude, I have never seen wind like that before.” Sam was frowning at the entrance, bitch face in full effect at the state of the weather outside. Dean couldn’t blame him. It was horrific outside, they could barely hear each other talk, and he was so glad they weren’t out in its clutches.
with, well, anyone. A heat was about as personal as anyone got. A strangled growl jerked Dean from his thoughts. Cas was clearly trying
“I’d worry about me not lasting very long, unfortunately.” Dean smirked because just the fact that he had got Cas to that point without even barely touching him was, in a word,
“Did you guys get a cat while I was gone?” Dean laughed, but the joke went ignored. His parents were both glaring at Sam, who quickly ducked for cover. “No, seriously, who’s Cas?” Dean thought the name sounded familiar, but he couldn’t place where he’d heard it. Sounded like a hippy name.
andhe envied her enormously. A gay chick, however anyone looked at it, usually went over better in this town than a gay dude, though. Everyone said it was just a phase or they were exploring. Yeah, and dudes were incapable of doing the same.
As footsteps echoed closer and closer, he shut his eyes, savouring what could be the last piece of his fantasy. The dream world where him, his mate and baby would all be together, happy and safe.
but Dean
“I can’t promise any of that; you know I’m a stubborn asshole.” Dean stoked Cas’ lank, sweaty hair. “But I can try, I can promise to try.” Cas smiled at him, but it suddenly changed to a look of fear.
It took a giant, Louisiana cook, and more sand than either men cared for, for Dean to come to terms with the fact that it wasn’t in fact, his fault that his fiancé had died.
his deep musky scent was saturating the air between them. Dean was all a quiver, his inside’s turning to warm gravy at the smell of ocean, lightning and
in that low, sexy voice of his. Dean turned his head up, to look at the alpha,
Like, seriously, it was as if someone had picked out every one of the things he found physically attractive in an alpha, and blended them into the guy before him.
For fuck sake he was a walking romance novel.
inside him. The omega yelped at the unexpected pressure, which was followed by the most unsettling feeling of liquid running down his legs. He knew he hadn’t pissed himself, and yet in his mind he was sure he had.
model baby. He didn’t cry much, he let Dean get at least six hours sleep a night, and he
“Our time on the island, while perilous and fraught with danger, was preferable to the way we are living now.” Dean’s head snapped up and he stared at his mate. Surely Cas couldn’t be agreeing that the island was
“There aint nothing wrong with you, Cas. You are god damned perfect.” So what if he was regressing back to sappy, who was gonna know. Cas looked confused, though, which in turn confused Dean.
Chuck might be right.
For the first few weeks, Dean told himself Cas would come back by himself.
and that meant he could fix Dean. If… if he wanted to. He hadn’t thought of that possibility, what if Cas didn’t want Dean to remember?
“Now you listen to me, ok?” Dean waited until Cas nodded before he continued. “You and me? We’ve been through some shit, some tough, life altering, universally unfair shit.” Breathing through his nose to benefit from the calming scents of the kids, he kept going. “But this right here? This is our
“Dude – ” Another wave of nausea overwhelmed him, and he emptied his stomach against the tree that braced him. Cas was hovering by his side, despite Deans very loud objections. “Stop watching me vomit. It’s weird.” Dean ran the back of his hand across his mouth, trying to figure out why the hell he was sick, considering he’d thought he’d left that crap behind months ago.
“Waiting for you, actually.”
He was tempted to turn the video off, but he’d got that far, he needed to see it all the way through. At least the shock of seeing what no one should ever have to see had dried up his tears.
“I need to tell you something, Cas.” The angel tilted his head, and looked at Dean, a small smile on his face. Dean’s heart was hammering, fear and excitement battling it out for dominance. Then, the insecurities wormed their way in.
“I don’t know what’s gonna happen, but we can’t go around with a black cloud over our heads.” Dean leaned forward and cupped his alphas face between his hands, slowly wiping away the worry lines and fear that still clouded his scent.
He let Sam sit down next him and wrap his orang-utan arms around his shoulders. His hugs
he was the little spoon, he was asleep.
still on his side, even after what he had done. He didn’t deserve it, any of it.
It felt to Dean like all of the blood in his body drained out of his feet and disappeared through the cracks in the floor. Every part of him suddenly went cold, like plunging into a freezing pool in the middle of winter, but
“I’ve got a plan, don’t worry.” Dean had no doubt his friend had a plan, but that didn’t mean it would work. He dragged Dean with him up to the front of the line, and pushed him front and centre. Dean blushed, feeling the glares of the people in the front of the line as they observed two teenagers talk to the bouncer.
“Dean, we need to find some food. Where do you think we should start?” One thing he loved about Sammy, was that most of the time, he treated Dean just like a big brother, and not like an omega. Dean pulled himself together, and stood.
He had no idea why he wanted to talk to Cas so much, but he guessed it stemmed from his first impression of the guy, namely, the fact that he didn’t agree with the ignorant fuck of a teacher. If he had the opportunity to make a new friend, one that he could
“I heard you, the morning I ran. You – you guys were talking and you said
“There is nothing wrong in wanting those close to you to be happy.” Castiel hoped his words helped ease Sam’s worries but he couldn’t help a small amount of anticipation grow within him. He swallowed hard and dove right into what he prayed wouldn’t be a gross exploitation of their growing friendship. “Tell me about your brother, what is he like?” Castiel waited with baited breath for Sam to answer, watching for any tell-tale sign of discomfort, or gods forbid, aggression.
One, the guy in front of him was so very much an
“When are you gonna tell him about Cas?”
” Cas sounded desperate, and Dean wondered why. Then he realised he’d been crying silently onto his baby. Link just glared up at him and Dean couldn’t help it, he laughed.
“What you gonna call him, cher?” Benny had been quiet since his son had entered the world, but Dean let him trace a shaking finger down the side of his soft little cheek. The baby nuzzled into the touch, and Dean’s heart melted.
He’d read that running a bath would ease his aching
It was actually amazing the alpha was keeping his head, to be honest.
“Heya, Cas. How’ve you been?” Dean's smile faded slightly when he saw the pinched look on Cas’ face. Maybe Cas had thought more about what Dean had revealed, and he really didn’t want anything to do with a broken, useless omega after all.
His head snapped up when he heard someone clearing their throat.
“Be safe, Dean.”
but he could guess.
“It is done, Dean. You, and our pup, have been avenged.”
” Sam looked scared to even touch him, so Dean lifted him carefully and deposited him in a slightly stunned Sam’s arms. The small bundle just wriggled a bit, and smacked his lips, before drifting back to sleep.
he hadn’t meant to turn on the charm. “Uh, hi, can I get two tickets to the Maze Runner and a large popcorn?” He ignored Cas’ protests, and collected their purchases from the end of the kiosk.
“Do you know his name?” Dean hoped he didn’t sound too desperate, but for some reason, he really wanted to talk to the mysterious guy. Chuck was awesome, like, the
comfort, and
“Oh fuck, just – just stop talking, or we’re never gonna get back to the cave.” Dean saw the laughter in Cas’ eyes, making them shine bright. It tugged on Deans heart to see his alpha so happy, so at ease with him. He knew then, that he’d made the right choice in choosing Cas to be his mate.
Chuck narrowed his eyes but grinned at him, and Dean knew he could see a slight evil tinge to it. Looking around the filling cafeteria, Chuck caught sight of his target, using his carton of milk to point to a dark haired guy sitting with his back to them.
Dean’s heart was beating so damn fast, because he was having major doubts that he could actually do it. The guy in the video was older than him, way more physically fit, and had a huge support system. Dean was a half grown, sixteen year old boy with no one who even knew where he lived.
“I am so proud of you, Dean.” After everything was cleaned up and dry, Dean, Cas and their tiny pup settled into the warm, safe nest. Dean was beyond exhausted, so Cas held the infant up to Deans chest, to try and get him to latch. Dean tucked the baby under his arm like a football, and brought his mouth to his nipple. His tiny, pink lips smacked open and closed, sensing the milk so near. Dean sighed and grinned when he felt the first hesitant suckles, but as soon as the milk started flowing, his son was away.
“What – what is it?” Dean couldn’t see past the tears and wriggling skin he was trying to keep on his chest. Melissa was still cleaning it as she went, before turning it over to reveal…
Making his way back through the forest to their make-shift camp, Dean’s mind went over what they needed to do, to be comfortable and survive. They had their source of fresh water, even if they really should boil it before they drank it. From what Dean could see, the spring erupted out of the ground not far from where it rushed past their camp. The crystal clear water, tumbling over rocks and pebbles, looked safe enough.
“Don’t worry, Sammy. I know what you meant.” Sam sighed in relief and went on to talk about his new friend Jess and other kids in his class that had presented over the holidays. Dean just tuned him out, and tried to think about anything except the little bundle of cells multiplying in his belly.
but Dean wasn’t fussed. He wasn’t concentrating on the movie anyway. He was desperately trying to gauge Cas’ actions towards him, to see if there was
“Alright, I’ll need a few basic herbs and plants.” Cas rattled off what he needed, and sent Dean off to look for the plants. Cas described what they looked like, but Dean didn’t remember the names. He didn’t actually care, as long as it sorted his problem.
He was crying before he knew it, great racking sobs that sucked the air from his lungs. Another jolt of pain hit him, and he couldn’t breathe through it, which freaked him out even more. He was hyperventilating, cold, hot, shaking and fucking terrified.
“Are you enjoying the movie, Dean?” Cas whispered, warm breath caressing his ear. Dean shivered, and his dick twitched in his jeans. Hmm. He should have expected that when he put them on. They were
“Shut up, bitch. I got knocked out.” Sam’s voice was hoarse and raspy, but he didn’t sound mad. He sounded about as resigned as Dean felt.
The sound of a baby crying, was the mark of a baby breathing.
The omega muttered something, but Castiel could only stare hungrily at his retreating back, heart tearing itself from his chest with every muffled footfall.
towards the direction of the cave mouth.
The traps Sam and Gadreel had set around their part of the island were large and small snares, designed to catch everything from small to large game. They caught birds sometimes too. They actually had a fairly varied diet, and Dean was surprised at the abundance of mammals on the small island. Usually there was the odd pig, and maybe a crocodile or two, but they had seen rabbits, deer, pigs, all kinds of birds, and Sam
Turning his body to face Cas, his heart sped up along with his breathing. Even in his forties the prospect of kissing someone gave him a little thrill. Well, not everyone gave him that feeling of lightness, but Cas certainly did.
They had checked eight traps, but no dice. The animals clearly weren’t interested in sacrificing themselves for the human’s meal that night. Dean was just about to suggest they head back, when he heard a branch snap behind them.
but not in the ‘I hate Monday’s’ kinda way, in the ‘I’m actually listening in class’ kinda way. The dumb fuck teacher was putting on a spiel about how gays shouldn’t get married and he can’t believe the new law they put through blah blah fucking blah. Teachers aren’t even allowed an opinion, so fuck knows what he was doing.” Dean could tell Chuck was pissed, he only really swore when something riled him up and he had a feeling it was the gay rights issue, rather than
Dean forced his brightest smile, and turned on the charm. It never seemed to fail with anyone else, so why would it be any different with Cas?
“Dude, out with it! Its ok, whatever you want.” Cas shivered, and let out a fast breath.
private islands, mysteriously disappear. No matter that a whole lot of people died, and were essentially stranded for what they assumed was the rest of their lives.
“Yeah, it’s about getting to know a new lover better, hanging out, getting to know each other.” Dean looked away, unwilling to meet Cas’ pondering gaze. He cursed himself for his choice, at how similar it was to what he wanted to happen with Cas.
A message pinged from the other tab, and Dean thankfully clicked over.
” Dean did
Castiel’s house wasn’t exactly what Dean had envisioned, in his lonely nights thinking about the life he could have had with the alpha. In his dreams, he’d imagined a warm, roaring fire and a comfy couch they could snuggle up on.
He expected Castiel’s kissing style to be like he was, quiet, gentle and careful.
For once in his short life, Dean wished he had actually failed the test he’d just taken. All those lectures from his parents and from teachers at school, telling him
“I’ve got to – got to
“Guess he thinks you need setting up.” Dean thought of his own brother and his Grindr exploits. “It was my brother’s idea for me to try Grindr, actually.” They both had a chuckle at their brother’s helpfulness and went back to what Dean was quickly thinking of as a comfortable silence.
“The baby’s gone, Cas.” Dean groaned and heaved as another wave of nausea rippled through him. His mate just rubbed his back and stayed silent. “Why is this still happening?” Cas sighed and kissed the back of Deans sweaty, tense neck.
“Uh, hi.” Wow, smooth moves tonight. “I’m Dean.” He watched nervously as the alpha looked down at his hand with a scrunched up frown across his brow. Finally, after Dean was sure he would start getting light headed from holding his breath, the alpha finally took his hand.
You know how i said the last sex scene was crap?
and he didn’t know if that was a good thing or not. He needed to
He would never get what he needed, and that thought was the last straw.
“So, take a whiff, can ya smell me?” Dean smirked, but only to hide his fear. He
Smiling to himself, despite his stomach clenching with nerves, he slowly withdrew his fingers and wiped them on the bed. He had thoroughly cleaned himself
He was more than confused by Cas continued silence. The alpha smelt… off, somehow, but Dean couldn’t quite put his finger on it. Dean had seen him talking in quite tones to Gadreel, who nodded and patted him on the back. Dean hoped he wasn’t the cause of Cas’ distress, but that was more than likely.
“Why’d you do that, brotha?” Benny had, were those
Well that was helpful, as always.
earlier in the day, as his research had consistently reiterated he do. Cleanliness was paramount, evidently.
“Yeah, sorry, he insists on them being as realistic as possible. I had to do a whole lot of research to get the sex scenes accurate enough for him.” Dean froze, it was one thing to admit he liked a bit of TayTay, but a
didn’t like was Mr Roman. He was such a
Wisely, he had chosen their second date venue at some anonymous bar across town, instead of his local. The last thing he needed was Jo and Ellen breathing down his neck with Cas huffing and glaring away across from him. It was unbelievably stupid of him to put so much emotional investment into whatever was developing between him and Cas, because in all likelihood it would just go down in a burning blaze of Deans hopes and dreams, but he couldn’t stop himself.
“I don’t have any more, I used it all up.” He was slightly panicking, and Cas could clearly smell it. Dean saw his jaw clench, and his hackles rise, his omega was in distress.
he saw his boyfriends eyes widen.
He’d tried to give Cas his heart, and for a moment,
Lucifer’s lip curled when he saw Deans mating bite, and he punched him in the side of the head for ‘sucking in some poor unsuspecting alpha’. Dean saw stars, but didn’t miss the savage kick Lucifer delivered to his stomach. Dean howled in pain, some part of him breaking with unknown fear and loss. He didn’t even know why, apart from the fact he was sure he was going to die.
It took a good hour, but he eventually made it to the beach. The forest he had to scramble through was thicker and denser than he had expected. Bursting back out into the sunshine hurt like crap, but Dean just kept going, because he could see the human shaped mound, and it was
When the contraction passed, he leaned back and nudged his sleeping mate. The alpha huffed and swatted at the hand annoying him, but Dean didn’t have any time for his mate’s grumpy sleeping habits.
“What do you mean, everyone else died?” Crowley whipped his head around and fixed him with a furious stare.
was just ahead of them.
thought Cas was some kind of hussy?
He bit his lip when Cas didn’t reply, but decided to give him a couple of minutes. Maybe he’d comed his brains out and had fainted. Dean grinned when he thought of Cas moaning his name. He cleaned up, and snuggled down in bed, deciding he should probably text Cas again.
“Hello, Dean.” The omega almost yelped at the unexpected greeting right behind him, too busy inhaling what could well be nirvana to notice the alpha. With all the grace of a slippery noodle, Dean managed a smile and amazingly didn't knock over his beer.
“You love it, admit it.”
admit it, but it was the only physical human contact he’d had in like, a
God fucking
They couldn’t be that lucky, could they?
“I’ve known you’re pregnant ever since I gave you the job, son. It’s partly why I did. I’ve been trying to get you to open up, but I can see subtly isn’t gonna work on you.” Dean drew in a quick breath, trying to get his heart to calm down. Since Benny knew he was pregnant, Dean didn’t hesitate putting his arms around himself. He didn’t bother asking how he knew, because it didn’t matter.
“Don’t talk, you need – you need to preserve your strength.” Damnit, Cas sounded absolutely wrecked. He couldn’t even keep the tremor from his voice. If only his fucking body would move, but no, it was like being stuck in a waking dream.
Cas was having none of that. “I want to hear you.” The alpha pulled the blanket away from the omega, who whined in desperation. He couldn’t stop the noises coming out of him, but he really didn’t want Sam to hear him. That was just beyond mortifying.
Dean cried out quietly and clutched his stomach as a strong pain gripped him. It was worse than the others, and he knew it was time to get in the tub. He’d had the heat up high in his room all day, because it was chilly outside, despite the sunshine, so he took off his clothes, only leaving his tee-shirt on.
touching at the smallest part. God
What the fuck was going on?
past Benny and made a dash for the bathroom. He locked the door behind him before bursting into uncontainable sobs. He didn’t even really know what had upset him, but his emotions were going to town with it. He clapped a hand over his mouth after a particularly loud sob, and closed his eyes. He just needed to get it out, and he would be fine. The mood swings themselves came and went pretty damn fast, so he just had to ride it out.
because its gender hadn’t been determined yet. He kinda hoped it was a boy. He had read somewhere that boys were easier babies to take care of. It got him down that he should have booked a doctors appointment to make sure everything was going alright, and the bit about sharing it with his mate…
“That’s it Sam, come for me, come…” That was it, Dean was
“When work allows, I try to get to the gym at least three times a week.” Cas pulled off his undershirt, but left his pants on and undone. All the moisture left Dean's mouth in an instant at the sight of skin and toned muscles beneath. He just had to get his hands on all that skin. Grabbing the alphas' opened pants, he yanked until the other man was finally on top of him, every solid inch.
Dean swallowed, and nodded, not willing to trust his voice. He looked off to the side, keeping his eyes focused on the lights. Somehow their sparkle had dimmed, the night had lost its shine.
“Dean, I read all of it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He sat way at the back, and put his bag on the seat beside him, but he was pretty much the only one on the bus anyway. He wasn’t scared or anything, people would see him as a beta, and probably thought he was eighteen anyway. At least, that was what his fake ID said. Thank the gods for Ash and his less than legal practises.
“Are you alright?” Cas wandered a bit closer, but Dean took a step back. He couldn’t do it, all of his life he had hidden from alphas; it wasn’t like he could just flick a switch and submit to one, no matter what his body wanted him to do.
Thank fucking
“Yeah, mom, it went great.”
“Nah, he won’t notice their gone.” Dean certainly noticed how everyone sort of gave Ash knowing, sympathetic looks. He didn’t even want to think about other people’s problems, which was probably a bit selfish, but he had enough of his own to sort through without adding other peoples to it.
He was fairly silent on their way back to camp, but he made sure Dean was able to walk properly, even offered to carry the omega. Dean had waved him off, because the pain of walking at least distracted him from the pain of everything else.
before he let them take that from him. “
Dean hurried back to his room, only to find Sam sitting on his bed, fiddling with a strap on his bag. Dean’s baby brother looked up from the bed when he walked in and shut the door, big puppy dog eyes blinking at him, chin wobbling. Damnit, he didn’t need Sam interfering, but when had he ever been able to say no to that face?
“Yeah, I did, Cas.” He leaned over as they sat in their seats at the furthest back corner of the theatre. “This is a date, remember?” He caught Cas grinning, just as the lights went down.
“Dean?” The man in question tilted his head and tried to remember where he had seen the guy before. Nothing came to him.
“You’re quiet.”
Dean groaned and shook his head in disgust. Gordon had been the bane of their existence since they had come out to the school, and it didn’t help that the teachers largely turned a blind eye. Sliding his hand down, Dean clasped their fingers together, giving Cas that little bit of extra comfort.
Even to him, his voice sounded devoid of any feeling, just the painful emptiness he felt inside. “I’m so sorry, Cas.” His mate pulled his underwear back up, but left his pants, instead coming back around to face Dean. “I didn’t know and –” Ah, there was the emotional pain. Just took a bit to sink in. his throat
“I’ll take that as a compliment, Deano.” Gabriel wasn’t half bad; he could even learn to like the little guy.
trick. His brother had
No normal person would have had their memory erased instead of actually
could he talk. Dean liked his silence, and there was barely a breath of it around the beta.
From what he had gathered from the insipid gossips from work, Dean could possibly have the same affliction as he himself, suffered from. It would be as if fate had thrown them together if the case were true and even more fortunate if Dean felt for him, as much as Castiel feared he felt for the omega.
“Before you – you ran away, you mentioned meeting someone at a club?” His mom looked nervous, like Deans answer would win or lose her the argument.
omega?
The old arm over the back of the bench trick was on his mind, but then Cas started talking and it slipped away.
“You sure your dad won’t mind?” Jo asked, grabbing one for herself anyway.
What fuckery was this?
He felt no pain, everything had grown dim and quiet.
would have been nice. All he got from his mom, dad and brother was steadfast acceptance, and actual fucking
As far as Dean was concerned, he was as mentally prepared as he could be. He’d cleared it with his parents so Cas could stay over when they went out of town to take Sam to some nerd convention, and it had gone better than he’d expected, however super awkward it had been at the time.
of bodies. Mostly guys in way too little, mostly see through clothing, and when Dean saw two guys pretty much going at it on the dance floor, he knew he and Chuck were way out of their depth.
the guy was a culinary genius. Sam and Gadreel had worked for hours getting the fire started, with Cas and Dean collecting up as much dry wood as they could find.
Dean fiddled with his phone, turned it on, checked his notifications and then flicked it off again. He contemplated texting Sam, but he didn’t really want to have to deal with his teasing while he was already stressed as hell.
A part of him, the part he wouldn’t listen too, because it wasn’t
“Ok, this is really just to get to know the new guys, so we’ll start with an easy one.” Charlie tapped her chin with her finger, and considered. “Remember, drink for yes, don’t for no. Um, ok have you ever had alcohol?” Everyone in the circle drank, which wasn’t surprising. They were all seniors, so they would have drunk at some point.
He only realised he was shaking when a gentle hand cupped his cheek and drew his attention to concerned blue eyes.
Dean was about halfway through the shockingly tame chapter when a ding from the other tab alerted him to a new message. Chuck could text him, so it wouldn’t have been him. With the mouse hovering over the tab, Dean hesitated. It could be Cas, and he didn’t know if he was ready for that. His heart was hammering and he was all kinds of sweaty, because even though he desperately wanted to talk to the other guy, he was still scared out of his mind. Anything could happen, but that was the point wasn’t it? If he opened himself up to Cas, there was always the chance that he would get hurt but then there was
he could feel his tadpole twitching, probably swimming around, happy as pie. He wasn’t losing his baby, he was just feeling its movements.
“Well that helps. So he’s got dark hair, great.” Dean turned back to his food, disappointed that Cas hadn’t sat on the other side of the table. Which… was stupid, really. It didn’t matter what he looked like, he just wanted to talk to him, maybe make a new friend. It wasn’t like he was going to date the guy. That would be… well,
that hard?” Crowley turned back to the blackboard and Dean was left with a minor case of whiplash. He’d have to get used to the Englishman’s mood if he wanted to pass the class. He just hoped he wouldn’t pick on him too much. Maybe he could have a word with him, ask him to go easy.
Catching a whiff of the omegas scent almost brought Castiel to his knees. He prayed to some unnamed deity that Dean would not scent how he affected his body, which would be highly embarrassing. Not to mention completely inappropriate for a first date.
“We should head back down to the beach; Sam’s probably having a meltdown since we aren’t where he left us.” Dean started picking leaves out of his hair, but almost swallowed his tongue when he looked up at Cas. The alpha had crawled out after him, and was currently brushing dirt off his pants. What he had failed to notice, was the giant ass fucking
Fixing himself something to eat when he finally felt semi human again, he sat at the table and pondered his date with Dean. Everything had been going well, and then Dean had started to withdraw. Castiel couldn’t explain it, but he burned with curiosity to find out.
be caught staring.  “Um, Taylor Swift?” Dean braced himself for what was surely going to be horrifically traumatising laughter and quickly wondered if his parents would consider home schooling him.
shiver, he most certainly
“Whatever happens, Dean, I’ll back you up.” Sam looked so wise for his fourteen years, and he shouldn’t. He was supposed to be carefree and happy, not worried about when life was going to come and kick his brothers ass.
before. It slightly scared him.
“Well, Dean obviously had his reasons, baffling as they may be.” Castiel thought maybe, he should wait to see if Sam cottoned on to what their conversation was really about. However, he didn’t know when his next opportunity would come about to talk to Sam regarding his brother. So, he took the initiative, hoping it didn’t blow up in his face. “I would be very grateful for the chance to see what those reasons were, if I may.”
Leave a comment, say hi, follow me on the tumblr :)
to him.
Cas sighed and ran a large hand down Dean's torso, leaving a path of goose bumps in its wake. His cock gave a valiant twitch, but he was well and truly down for the count for the night.
“Nah, Dean, bring your boyfriend, but don’t sit near us!” Sam sounded horribly worried Dean would crash his predictably awkward date.
They didn’t get the chance to continue their
Urg, young people.
“Do you think Cas hates me?” Dean’s head felt like it was full of lead, and his nose was clogged as hell. He must have looked a right mess, but his mom just shook her head.
Dean said a quick goodnight to his parents and Sam, and left them to their interrogation of their youngest son. Dean almost ran to his room, stripping quickly and flinging himself into bed.
His main problem was hiding his scent, so finding something so horribly repugnant that it covered it, well,
and it was the first time Dean had heard the slight tremor in his voice. He must have really wanted them to be friends. He had no need, though. As if Dean was going to say no.
Another week of nausea, exhaustion and cranky assed, moody Dean had everyone on their best behaviour. No one wanted to piss off the temperamental omega that was clearly going through post miscarriage trauma. Omegas, especially male omegas, were very in tune with their bodies, or they were meant to be, anyway. Most of the time, Dean wasn’t, but of course having, or not having, a baby, he had to be the exception to that rule.
None of the sex was strictly necessary, but Chuck’s readers seemed to like it, the more the better, apparently.
Everybody won.
He lowered a shaky hand to his stomach, and imagined going through everything, just to hand his tadpole over to some stranger, and hope they looked after him. No, that wasn’t an option.
Probably should have had a practise run, but he couldn’t really get all down and dirty with himself when Sammy was literally only a wall away.
No one eyed him suspiciously, because nobody cared. Everyone had their own problems; no one had time to look at some random kid making his way across the country. For all they knew, he was going to visit relatives, or some crap like that. Not running away from his family who were going to make him kill his baby.
“You’ve been lost for a while now, son. We think what you’re doing will give you some structure, some purpose.” His dad sounded like he knew what he was talking about, which he fucking
The ding of a new message sounded from the other tab.
“Where
“Please, Dean, calm down.” Dean almost laughed; the mortally wounded man beside him was telling
sleeping on the floor.
“Don’t sweat it, sugar.” Dean knew it was just a Cajun phrase, but it still heated Dean’s face and caused his heart to beat faster than it had in… well, years. He immediately felt bad, because one, Benny clearly wasn’t gay, and two,
They had been at it for about an hour before Chuck stretched, put his laptop down and declared it was break time.
Very slowly, he rolled back onto his stomach. Dean turned around to where he could hear the water, and headed straight for it. He gasped as the warm water hit his skin, but he had a job to get done, so he couldn’t linger in its embrace until it was over.
Oh Jesus Christ, Cas was going to make him grow ovaries.
“I don’t believe I am as good with words as I lead myself to believe.” Dean laughed, because who knew the alpha had a sense of humour? Cas continued, for once looking nervous. “With your permission, I would like to drop my scent guard.” Ha, so he had it right. Cas was an expert in scent retention. That must come in handy in court and with clients.
“Cas?” A part of Dean that he refused to acknowledge, knew Cas was gone, but every other part denied it. He couldn’t be
When the slick hit the alpha, just the tiniest of rivlets running down the omegas inner thigh, it was as if a current ran through his body. Dean felt it in the alphas cock as it stiffened monumentally, and in his knot which seemed to inflate all at once in his hand. Dean locked his hand around it as Cas howled, bucking and thrusting in orgasm.
he snapped so quickly into a sitting position, Cas woke up as well. His alpha should really have woken up first, he
“I know you will Sammy, I know.” Dean smiled, his heart tightening in love for his little brother. “Thanks.”
Dean slipped his hand down to lightly circle the knot that was throbbing just beneath the surface. He was barely keeping it together, and could feel his orgasm building warmly in his core. He was also sopping wet, if his ass cheeks slipping together were any indication, but Cas hadn’t been near his ass, which was unexpected but nice. It's nice to ask sometimes.
He could be anything he wanted.
“Sorry, sorry, shit, are you ok?” Dean grabbed Cas’ hand and gently touched his shoulder. Cas didn’t say anything, just stared at Dean with his head tilted to the side, almost as if studying him. Dean couldn’t help the blush that crept up his neck, but he hoped Cas didn’t notice.
Mary just burst into seemingly uncontrollable sobs, and Dean couldn’t understand a word she was saying. So he thought he would talk instead.
to imagine a better reality.
“All right ladies, we’ve got a small group of insurgents holed up in a group of mud huts, and they’ve got our guys pinned down.” Hendrickson looked around at them all, finally settling on Dean. “Now this is just an in and out, I
Another thrust down, and up, and Dean felt an unfamiliar stretch pull at his rim. Cas was gasping and groaning against his neck, nipping and licking at the skin where he would leave his mark. As rising and falling became increasingly difficult, Dean managed to wriggle his hand between their bodies to fist his own cock.
“I don’t know what you’re about to say, but first; I would very much like to kiss you, is that – is that alright?” His hesitation was entirely for Dean, he didn’t want to do anything to scare the omega away. By what he had heard, Dean was frequently at the mercy of
“Thanks, man. That means a lot.” Sam didn’t realise how much his opinion meant to Dean. If Sam thought he had done the right thing, then he could rest a little easier.
Mark my words.” Dean grimaced, because the guy could be talking to himself for all he knew. He sounded like some crappy, C grade, eighties movie villain. Dean relaxed after a few minutes, because it was clear the alpha had moved on. The furious roaring and shredding of foliage kind of gave it away, when it became quieter and quieter.
Dean was radiant, glowing in the light of the lamps illuminating their way. Every single part of Castiel was in agreement, that Dean was perfect, no matter what the omega before him thought.
was wrong with him? He’d just avoided a near miss and yet he had opened his mouth
His hands were shaking when he tried to unlock the impala, but he wasn’t drunk. Far from it, everything was vividly clear, startlingly bright in the darkness of the night.
“Heya Castiel, how you been?”  Castiel scrunched his face up, in what must have been confusion. Dean didn’t blame him, really. Dean owned a fully functioning nose; he could make his own assumptions.
By the time they made it back to the cave, with another quick mutual handy session delaying them some, it was late into the afternoon. Deans stomach rumbled when he caught a whiff of whatever was cooking, and he realised he hadn’t actually had anything to eat since the night before.
Sam’s head jerked up from where it was resting against the massive tome he’d been going through. They hadn’t had a hunt in weeks, but it never hurt to brush up. He blinked blearily at the stumbling mass of limbs trying and failing to creep quietly through the Bunker.
“It’s not that bad, I – I mean, it looks bad, yeah but –” Dean was hyperventilating, his breath leaving him feeling dizzy and sick. Cas, despite being seriously injured, still commanded Deans attention.
He wanted to talk to Sam about his plan, but he was
Dean groaned, and closed his eyes, because he knew he wasn’t going to last long, not with Cas being so damn blunt.
By the time he had the pan bubbling, Sam was seated at the table doing his homework, and Dean had grabbed his sketchbook. Not too early to start hashing out ideas for his portfolio. It was quiet around the table, just the scratch of Dean’s pencil and Sam tapping his pen against the table.
Dean had no idea what he was going to focus on, but he wasn’t worried. He had plenty of time to think about it, and he could get some material together in case he came up with a total blank.
Only barely recovering from his shock at not being rejected, Dean just nodded and smiled. It was still hard to believe someone as amazing as Cas had decided he could be his boyfriend. Dean still pinched himself sometimes just in case it had all been a dream.
“What’s up?” Dean kept his voice quiet, not wanting to disturb the sleeping souls draped here and there.
“Dude, ok, if you want to hold her hand, just go for it. She’s agreed to this date, so chances are she’ll be ok with a little touching.” Sam just nodded, and opened the door. Dean wished he had an older brother to give
So Benny and Melissa loaded all of Dean’s stuff, which wasn’t actually a whole lot, into the alphas SUV. Dean had them check all the drawers and under the bed. He was relieved when Benny brought out his phone and charger. He had a feeling he’d be needing it, soon.
That did make Dean think of the other shitty,
in a garage. Taught me everything he knew.” Dean had to come up with a story about his family. He’d gotten as far as them being dead. No chance of contact then. The guy nodded.
Dean hunched down and ran at the closest alpha, shouldering him in the stomach. In the ensuing chaos, Dean roared at the beta. “Gabriel, RUN! Find Cas –” The other man clearly didn’t need to be told twice, and Dean watched him go with the hope he would find his mate and his brother.
damnit, Dean brushed his fingers against Cas’ toned, tanned arm.
“Only the best for my patrons.” He smirked at them before waving his arm over towards the bar. Huh, ok, so the guy owned the place, no big deal. Dean and a slightly sick looking Chuck followed the blonde, suave Englishman and he situated them at a table, before disappearing to get them some drinks. Chuck waited until he had left, and almost launched himself over the table to whisper urgently to Dean.
“Well, you can’t know for sure, but they are a good starting point, and chances are it’ll fit them eventually.” The girl, she can’t have been much older than him, was an omega. He wondered if she could tell if it were him that was carrying his baby, and not his make believe girlfriend she probably assumed he’d knocked up.
“Well, to answer your question, I’m
Dean actually really appreciated the concern, despite his grumblings about overprotective alphas. What he really wished, was that he had an actual mate to prepare with. Someone he could bounce baby names and birthing positions off. But no, Dean Winchester was destined to give birth to his first child, alone, in a shitty motel bathtub.
At some point during the vague blur that was his rut, he had called Sam to let him know he would be out of work for a few days. The alpha had sounded concerned, which he appreciated from his friend. When he asked what the problem was, and if it had anything to do with Dean, he feigned ignorance and just went with the common cold. He did not think it his place to talk to Sam about how Dean had rejected him, and he hadn’t had it in him to get into a discussion anyway.
he asked
It softened the pain inside him to just a dull ache, to something he could hope to block out and actually get some rest for once.
Cas just smiled at him, his startlingly blue eyes crinkling up at the corners, and Dean hoped against hope the other boy couldn’t hear his heart skipping a beat.
“Uh, nice – nice to meet you to, Cas.” He had to clear his throat. It felt like all of his internal organs were fighting to be the first to erupt out of his chest; his heart was beating so hard. He looked over at Chuck, and wanted to slap him all over again when he saw the bastard typing away furiously on his laptop, looking up at the two of them every so often.
He couldn’t even explain it to himself, but he knew he needed to be away, with just his mate.
“Is that Link?”
” He didn’t even care how wrecked he sounded.
“Once he goes off to college, he’ll have the boys lining up. He just has to get through the next few months.” Dean wanted to laugh, hearing his dad talk like he was some kind of sex god was hilarious. “Come on, I’ll wake up early and cook them both a hearty breakfast.”
He managed, after a few minutes of dragging his numb, stupid body every which way, to extricate the small box from the badly damaged glove compartment. Cas had his eyes closed and was breathing shallowly when Dean resurfaced, so he hurried to get the box in front of his pale face.
“What?” Mary had disbelief in her voice, and Dean knew she was thinking the same thing.
was too young for that.
“Hey. Sorry I’m late, had to drop Sammy off.” His mom had asked just before he’d left if he could take Sam to Andy’s house instead of her. What was he going to say, no? He was going that way anyway.
thing they were strangely alright with, but moving in together? No way, José.
What he encountered, however, was the most mouth-watering, stomach tightening sense of
Dean was loath to disturb their little bubble of happiness, but he was really curious as to what Cas had not wanted to talk about the night before. In bed, in their little quiet nest, seemed like the ideal place to talk. Dean turned over in the bracket of the alpha's embrace, and tucked his hands under his cheek.
There wasn’t enough
But still with the weird looks.
To which Balthazar replied, “Except for that lovely tattoo on your ass.”
So that was exactly what he, or more accurately, his corporation, did.
He whirled around and stared into the stunned face of his date. “I can’t see you because I don’t want to lead you on into something that isn’t gonna go anywhere, Castiel.” Dean was stalling, but he just couldn’t get the words out.
“I’m ok, I think. Guess I just needed a good cleanse.” Dean ran his hands over his enormous belly, grinning when he felt his pup kick just above his belly button, well, more right into his ribs really. Dean turned and wrapped his arms around his mate, scenting him right there in the ocean.
and Dean couldn’t help but smile back. “Thanks, Dean. Did I ever tell you
“Yeah, Cas. See you at school.”
“If i'll - i'll allow it?” Dean didn't know many alphas that would get this far into it and still accept a no and not call the omega a dirty little tease. He had the feeling though, if he said he wanted to stop, right then, Cas would just accept it and probably make him a hot drink too. Really made him even sexier, to be honest.
There was a bar in the corner, without any stools, but the majority of the space was
“At least you get to spend time with Dean.” Cas looked, if possible, even more grumpy at the thought of not spending time with his mate. It made the omega pretty damn warm inside. “Sam, Gadreel and I have to walk the beach, in case anything of import washed up after last night.” The storm last night wasn’t anything to write home about, but the alphas wanted to check out the beach anyway.
“Yeah, Cas, it’s pretty…
But it still hurt when there was no answer, no swishing of wings or crunch of gravel. Yeah, they had promised to never contact him again, but it was
A little, very
Cas mumbled softly in his sleep, and Dean was reluctant to wake him, but he was fucking
WARNINGS FOR
When Monday came around, Dean begged his mother to let him stay home from school. He couldn’t face the shitstorm that was no doubt brewing. Gabriel would have told Cas about seeing them at the bar, and even if Cas didn’t tell anyone, Gabriel would know people from school. Dean remembered him being pretty popular with his classmates, being the jokester of the class. He had no reason not to tell someone else that he’d seen the dark and mysterious Dean Winchester out on the town.
had introduced him to the bottomless pit that was Fanfiction, and currently, anything that didn’t have a werewolf in it; he didn’t want to know about it.
we’ll take the abomination back to camp, keep Crowelys cage warm until we get him too.” He sounded so fucking smug, like keeping people locked up against their will was just a normal hobby for him. It probably was. No way was Dean going down without a fight.
“You came, though. I mean, that’s gotta mean something, right?” Dean smiled, and hoped like hell he’d get one back. He wanted just one more before he wiped his mind clean. One more to make his heart soar like a friggen bird.
“We’ll never forget you, Benny.”
“As much as i like this wall,” Dean smirked when Cas just growled to acknowledge him. Clearly Cas went very caveman when he was horny which was good to know. “I think we should move this show to the bedroom.” Cas stilled against him and Dean was absolutely ready to be dragged down the hall or wherever Cas’ room was.
They make me so happy.
The alpha caught on quickly, and Dean’s scent probably helped somewhat too. The sticky, sweet smell of omega arousal surrounded them, clearly filling the alphas senses, going by the hardening in his pants. Dean ground back against him, smirking when the alpha growled lowly. The vibrations travelled down his spine, ending in an explosion of slick that had his eyes rolling to the back of his head.
His mom settled them in his room, Link with his porta cot, Dean in his bed. It was amazing, the familiar smell of his room, everything where he left it.
Dean didn’t know how much time passed, but he managed to focus on the banging door when it started. He couldn’t remember if he had left the door unlocked or not, probably not considering he didn’t think he’d be in his current position. Gingerly, he used the bar to heave himself up and out of the bath. He went slowly, stopping every time a contraction shuddered through him.
“Why isn’t he crying? Is he ok?
Maybe he would make a decent lawyer after all.
but was probably only about fifteen minutes, Cas knot swelled to the point where it couldn’t escape the wet heat of Deans hole. The alpha shouted before latching onto Dean’s shoulder, burying his sharp teeth into the tender meat to solidify their bond, forever.
the omega. I’m just a little old beta. No threat to
Guess that meant the alpha was still interested.
“Uh, everything alright?” He was sweating and trembling, his heart beat thundering in his ears, because it wasn’t usual behaviour for his loud family. Sam sniffed the air, and frowned.
Yeah, well, they were right.
“Hello, Dean. It’s nice to meet you.”
“Alright, show me what you can do.” The dude stood up, and started walking towards the back of the shop. He turned back, and tipped his cap. “Name’s Benny, by the way. What should I call you?” Dean blinked, because he didn’t say
“I don’t know much about all that stuff, but I think your right. You smell pretty damn intoxicating to me, better than any alpha has before. Thank – thank you for allowing me to wait, but I don’t see the point. We already have a family, and I’m sure my family will agree to it.” Dean blushed at the thought of having actual
Dean sighed, he knew Chuck was right, but that didn’t make him feel any better. If he explained the situation to Cas, Dean ran the risk of Cas spilling his secret all over school. Dean chewed his lip, deliberating which the less risky course of action was. Sam’s voice drifted into his head, and he clenched his jaw. He wouldn’t get far in life if he didn’t take risks.
“I know, dad. Don’t worry.” Dean hugged his mom, because she was crying again. He hated seeing her sad, but leaving to live with his mate was better than running away. They weren’t even that far, just a couple of blocks down the road. “Mom, its ok! Do you actually realise how much time you’re gonna be spending with Link once I go back to school?” Cas had actually encouraged him to finish school, even though Dean wanted to stay home with his baby. He thought back to how he felt before he had Link. He still wanted a higher education, maybe even a job, but what he wanted at that moment was to stay at home and care for his child.
Dean swallowed his fear, plucked the lube from its place in his bedside cupboard and slicked up his fingers.
“Hey guys!” A red headed blur waltzed up to them, before wrapping her arms around Cas and slapping a kiss on his cheek. Dean froze, his jaw clenching as a wave of jealousy and pain washed over him. He never knew he would be able to feel his heart physically ache until he’d met Cas, and now that was all it seemed to be doing. He slipped away, so the two
“I found some trails not far from the edge of our camp.” Dean suddenly felt cold, because he knew Sam didn’t mean game trails.
“Thank you, Samuel, for ridding me of that contraption. It completed its true purpose. I am now reborn. My brothers and sisters will accept me back into the host and for that, I am most grateful.” Dean was staring at Cas, but he couldn’t even
please,
Cas kissed him like he would never be given another opportunity, as if he were a drowning man, and Dean were his last breath. It was hard to keep up, if he were honest, and the next thing he knew, they were in his bedroom on his bed. He took a breath, air rushing into his lungs, and he hadn’t realised how starved his was of oxygen. It was messing with his mind, making him dizzy and stupid.
“I hope you don’t mind me saying, Sam,” And the other alpha tipped his head in a nod before Castiel allowed himself to continue, “But you look stressed.” Sam chuckled, shaking his head slightly. Sam knew as well as Castiel that the job itself was an exercise in stress management every day, but more than a healthy dose was cause for concern, as Castiel was pointing out.
The scream of his partner, as the car collided with something solid, finally,
Didn’t expect the alpha to practically tackle him into the bed though.
“Is this alright?” Cas’ hot breath whispered across Deans ear, and he barely held in the moan that threatened to escape. The cave would echo, and he didn’t want to traumatise Sam too much. So instead, he linked his fingers through the hand he was currently using as a pillow, and kissed the soft inside of Cas’ wrist. The long, low exhale afterward had Dean almost purring back himself.
“Alright, I’ll take one pack, I guess. Um, the ones with the frogs on them, yeah.” Dean smiled to himself because they reminded him of his tadpole. In the end, because he still had to feed himself and pay rent for the week, he bought his food, the bag of diapers and a tiny little onesie with a sun on the front that said
“I just needed somewhere to sit; it’s pretty hot out there.” Dean shuffled his feet, but stilled when the guy came and sat next to him. He curled in slightly, subconsciously protecting his belly from the stranger.
“You must understand, Castiel, in order for you to earn salvation, you must be reborn.” Dean gritted his teeth and he swore he heard his jaw crack. Sam held him back, though, waiting for their chance. The angels parted, and Dean went cold.
Dean made himself move, shuffling around the room, collecting what he would need in the coming hours. He placed his fully charged cell phone, some second hand towels, scissors, cloths and a mirror within reach beside the bath. He’d already set the bathroom up to the way he needed it, but he didn’t want to get into the bath until he absolutely needed to. It was like admitting it was really happening, if he could hold off for a few hours, he’d wake up from his nightmare and see it was just another day. He’d go to school, tease Sam and just be another teenage boy, getting on with his life.
Oh fuck it; he only had a few more months left at that hell hole anyway. It wasn’t like they would kill him for being gay.
Dean didn’t know how he hadn’t thought about him sooner. His brother was a strong swimmer, but the last time he’d seen him, he was in the water. Dean scanned the beach, but the golden expanse of his private little stretch was empty. He spied a high outcrop of rock, jutting out into the sea, and he knew it would give him the height he needed to see for miles.
The most startling was Cas’ cock, which was standing proudly out from the alpha in all its glory. It wasn’t like Dean hadn’t seen it a hundred times before, but each time served to remind him that beneath Cas’ unassuming exterior, he was as alpha as they came.
He grabbed his laptop charger, laptop and phone charger, carefully wrapped them in clothes, and put them in the middle of his bag to protect them. He gathered up every bit of money he could find, and hoped Sam would forgive him for raiding their PlayStation 3 fund. All up he found enough to keep him going until he found a job. At least he hoped it was enough, what the hell would he know. He’d never been anywhere without his parents, he didn’t even have many friends at school. He was going to be all alone, trying to survive.
“Just tell me what you need me to do, Dean, and I’ll act immediately, without question.” Cas leaned forward and kissed the back of Deans neck. The omega shivered when he felt the alpha scenting him, combining their scents to calm and sooth his mate.
The roaring of the blood in his ears.
“Cas, what the fuck is that?” Dean didn’t mince his words, because
One, the alpha before him was fucking
“Then there was the mark, and everything that entailed. I couldn’t – I couldn’t tell you in case
“Dean? Are you alright?” Dean dropped his hand and blinked rapidly. It was stupid, best not to dwell on shit that couldn’t be changed. But something… something was different, something he couldn’t put his finger on. Something had changed.
Snaking his hand between their sweaty, shaking bodies, Dean found his cock and began a quick rhythm in time with Cas’ movements. Dean felt the warmth rush through him quickly, so he reached up and grabbed Cas’ neck to tug him down for a kiss. The dark-haired boy relaxed into it, but they were quickly reduced to breathing each other’s air, right on the edge of euphoria.
The results he found were
feeling of safety. God, he wanted his
Panic had stolen Dean’s voice, but he couldn’t not answer his boyfriend. He swallowed thickly, forcing away his own pain and fear in order to care for Cas.
They picked up more passengers in Wichita and Oklahoma City, until the bus was pretty much full. He put his hood up and made sure his hat was down, so the woman next to him couldn’t see his face. He crowded towards the window, putting his body between her and his belly. He put a discrete, protective hand around it, just in case.
He was just over eight weeks, so apparently his baby looked less like a tadpole. It had lost its tail, thank Christ, that bit still icked him, and was losing the webbing on its toes. He was glad to read that it was normal that his chest hurt like a mother fucker, and his nipples were sensitive as hell. He knew he wouldn’t get boobs like a chick, but his pecs would get softer and a bit bigger. If anyone asked he’d just say he was lifting weights or something.
Dean huffed and glared at the alpha. “You know why I did it, Benny. It’s not fair on him, and I’ll be damned if I take anything away from him. He works as a child defender, for fuck sake. That man was
“Thanks, man.”
even if you want to keep going,
Dean shifted, to try and ease the pain, when something slippery rubbed against his ass cheeks. It didn’t – it didn’t
Dean had known Chuck long enough to know the reply would be funny as hell.
fact.
“My brothers… They were trying to reset me. I asked them for help and they…” Dean could feel Cas shaking, and it scared the crap out of him. He could feel the ever simmering pool of anger start to roil at the thought of the dick bag angels treating Cas that way. Sure, he’d caused some trouble, but who hadn’t? He had paid his dues, fuck, he’d gone to
“Dean, sweetie, I need a word.” Dean frowned and gathered up his materials. He didn’t know what he’d done, or not done, to warrant a talk with Ms Mosely. He thought he was doing ok, he’d finished the work she’d set him, even turned in some of it
With a quick word to Cas, Dean had set off after his brother.
“You ah – you missed some.” Cas used his thumb to gently rub some sand off Deans cheek, and he couldn’t help the shiver that coursed through him. He heard Cas’ breath catch, but just as his touch turned more insistent, his bulldozer of a brother lumbered out of the tree line. With a pained growl, Cas dropped his hand and stepped away.
“Rub it into your scent glands, and it should mask any scent you give out.” Cas scooped out a finger full, and spread it behind Deans left ear. All the air left him in a whoosh when Cas touched him, and the alpha froze. “Oh – oh god, I am so sorry.” Cas wiped the remaining mixture back into the bowl, eyes wide and cheeks tinged with red. He obviously didn’t know what he was doing, but Dean’s heart didn’t know that.
anyone to know about him, unless it was his friends and family. He didn’t want their judgements or ridicule; he knew what teenagers, hell,
He felt as if he were preparing for another battle, another in the long line of shit that they had had to deal with over the years. After the mark had disappeared… he thought maybe they would catch a break, get some time to gather themselves. But no, of course the damn Darkness had to rain on their parade.
They didn’t stray too far from the beach, so they could still keep an eye out for Sam, but they eventually found everything thing they needed. Cas had found a cracked open coconut shell, so he used that as a sort of mixing bowl. When he was done, he handed Dean the mixture, that didn’t actually smell at all.
He was definitely growing a vagina. Who the hell was he, vomiting all of his feelings all over Cas?
Luckily, Sam seemed to get it.
“Ok, I'll give you that, woo away.” Cas growled faintly, and Dean couldn't help the shiver that slipped over his skin. Cas was intoxicating. “No bedding, that's fair, but could I offer a compromise then?”
But now it was too damn late because he was walking back to the table with three drinks.
Shutting his locker door, Dean whipped around when he heard the distinct sound of muffled angry voices, and thuds. Fists clenched, Dean followed the sound around the bank of lockers and saw the door of an empty classroom slightly ajar. Not one to leave anything alone, especially what he suspected to be a fight, Dean stalked forward and pushed the door all the way open.
“Heya, Sammy.” Dean ruffled his brother’s hair, smirking when Sam batted his hand away, huffing in annoyance.
The alpha froze, mid bite, and settled his azure eyes on Dean. Then he fucking
“He’s hungry, Dean. Why do you try and get him to attach, while I clean you up.” Dean nodded, and let her get on with it. Benny hadn’t moved, for which Dean was thankful. He didn’t think he’d be able to sit up on his own anyway. Very carefully, he lifted his tee shirt up, with Benny’s help, and exposed one of his puffy, slightly swollen nipples. He assumed they were reacting to the birth, getting ready to do their jobs.
He pushed down everything he felt, all the longing, the want,
Whatever way he looked at it, he couldn’t risk going to a hospital to give birth. No, it would have to be in his room, or rather, his bathroom. The bath made the most sense, because that way he wouldn’t have to clean up any mess, he’d just wash it down the drain. There was a soap dish moulded into the bath, and a kind of rail thing he supposed was for old people. If he wedged the only chair he had into the corner, he could brace his feet against the chair and soap dish, so he had something to push against. He could hold onto the rail and hope like hell it held against his weight.
“Um, is this seat taken?” Dean burst out laughing at the cheesy pick up line, and almost died when Cas finished with, “I guess not then.” And sat down. He was almost delirious with how happy he was, he didn’t even care if people saw them together in public.
“I’m going to assume you two know how to fish?” Gadreel didn’t sound sceptical, just curious. He really wasn’t a bad guy, not that he had talked to him much. Sam grinned, all boyish glee and pride.
“They’re down at the beach; we found some fishing equipment washed up.” Both of the other men looked pleased, and it played to Dean’s omega nature to have made that happen. Cas sniffed the air slightly, so only Dean actually noticed. He looked alarmed for a moment, before grabbing Dean’s hand.
“What, you’re not sweet enough already?” Dean shot a glance at Cas, who narrowed his eyes. Dean could see him fighting back a smirk, though, so all wasn’t lost. Sam and Gadreel were off doing god only knew what, and Dean really wanted to keep it that way. He did
mistake. He closed his eyes and ran a hand over his belly. His baby wasn’t a mistake. What he had
it’s – it’s too much.” Dean keened when his alpha licked all the way around his rim, the obscene sound of his juices being devoured causing ripples of pleasure to run up and down his body.
alright? What if he wasn’t any good? What if he was all stretched out and lose because of having a baby? It had only been a little over three months since he had had Link, so things could still be weird. The doctor had said everything was ship shape for both of them, but that didn’t stop him worrying. What if Cas didn’t want him after all?
Cas knew what was up, and Dean couldn’t be more thankful.
Dean was taller, but not by much. Because Castiel was an alpha, he seemed bigger than he actually was. It was a good defence mechanism, but it also just made Deans mouth water. The guy was in a dark blue suit, as Sam had said he would be, and for some reason that Dean couldn’t fathom, his tie was on backwards. Dean’s fingers itched to fix it, but he thought that would be a bit presumptuous for the start of a first date. The alpha was also wearing a tan overcoat, which he was in the process of taking off. It looked good on him; Dean doubted anyone else could make such a benign thing look so damn sexy. Dark, messy hair framed a lightly tanned, kind face. Bright blue eyes which undeniably caught Deans immediate attention, flashed back to hold Deans gaze.
about what his friend would think about the fact that Cas wasn’t going to be the one being boned.
They put on Harry Potter, because Charlie
idea what to say. Everyone seemed to find it absolutely hilarious, though, so he counted it as a win.
It was all too much; Dean’s body was dehydrated, on edge and
They pulled apart, finally, to prevent themselves from passing out. Dean’s heart shuddered painfully in his chest at the look of deep contentment and excitement shining in the alphas eyes. Castiel licked his lips, and trailed his fingers along Deans flushed cheeks.
in Cas’ presence.
At least she had the sense to actually
and started the best sound, at least at first, to a parents ears.
” Dean rubbed the back of his neck and smiled.
“Are you the omega?” He saw Cas stiffen with realisation in front of him, and to his left, Sam looked confused. “Yesterday, when we split up before coming here, me and Cas saw another group of alphas.” Sam let out an angry breath.
“Uh, who’s that?” Dean averted his eyes, and jerked his head towards the two dudes hugging. A painful thought crossed his mind, and he was sure, if he didn’t have scent blockers on, Sam would have been able to smell his pain all the way at the other end of the beach.
when Chuck clicked his fingers, eyes wide with excitement.
“You better watch yourself, boy. Accidents happen.”
Dean heard the sincerity in Benny’s tone, so he didn’t think twice about heaving himself up out of his seat and hugging the shit out of the older Alpha. Benny laughed and patted him on the back. Dean laughed again when he felt his tadpole kick him, and Benny must have felt it as well.
“Just get on with it.” He threw the tie at him, and his brother caught it deftly. Sam murmured something, likely Latin, and dipped it in the mixture. Dean hadn’t paid much attention when Sam had put it together, but he knew there was goat’s blood involved. Suddenly, the tie came to life, twisting and turning, writhing in its efforts to pinpoint its targets location.
what he wanted to avoid at
“What? Oh, fuck no, Sam. God, I’d never do that to you. Hell, someone’s gotta stay behind to protect your ass.” Dean attempted a smile, to show his brother that
“I am like you, I suppose.” Dean raised his brows in surprise, because no way was Cas a virgin. “I have never had intercourse with an omega, nor spent a heat with anyone. All I’ve ever known have been betas.” Dean wasn’t surprised, Cas was so straight laced, he would never have sniffed out an omega for the sole purpose of sex. Cas wasn’t that kind of guy.
find a way to talk to him. Chuck just sighed next to him.
I just… excluded certain facts.” Everyone laughed, well, except Dean. Thank Christ for Cas.
He had to make a decision.
Cas was looking at him, wide eyed and smiling. His gaze raked over the crinkles at the edges of the angel’s eyes, smooth when they had first met, all those years ago in the barn. They seemed to grow with each consecutive year with the Winchesters, which tugged at the corners of Dean’s heart.
Dean lifted his eyes and met Cas’ blue ones, smiling as much as he could. He got through the birth relatively unscathed; he could meet the father of his kid without permeant damage.
“You killed my friends you fucker!” Gabriel leapt out of Deans arms and went straight for Crowley. Dean still had the brain cells to know Gabriel couldn’t afford another punch in the face, so he grabbed him around the waist before he could get his hands on the other omega. Gabriel howled his rage, but quickly broke down again once he realised he wasn’t going anywhere. Crowley just took a step back and held Deans attention.
in his back, and he howled as a whole different kind of pain overwhelmed him, as his body was engulfed in fire. Why was the world punishing him?
Dean scented the air, just to make sure it actually
“Dude, why didn’t you say anything?” Dean knew what Sam was thinking. Maybe they should stick with them, safety in numbers and all that.
“I appreciate that it was wrong of Mr Walker to use that kind of language, but that didn’t give you the right to react the way you did.” Principle Tapping laced her fingers together and gave him a stern look. “I have called your parents, and explained the situation. Because this is your first outburst since you started here, I’m letting you off with a warning and a week’s worth of detention.” She stood and opened her door, indicating for Dean to leave. “If I hear of any more of this kind of behaviour, I will not hesitate to suspend you, is that clear?”
As he stood at the steps of his family home, waving goodbye to his Mom, Dad and Sammy, all he could think about was the dark haired boy due to turn up in half an hours time. A weird, tingly feeling started in his chest, and spread rapidly, radiating outwards until encompassed his whole body. It was a big night for them, and even though Dean hadn’t technically
in them, something he couldn’t place.
“So ah, night’s still young.” Dean stood when Cas did, and watched as the other man pulled on his tan trench coat. “You wanna, I dunno, go look at the lights or something?” They weren’t far from the river, where the lights twinkling from the road and houses above looked amazing.
On the way, he opened the small, folded piece of paper, and smiled when he saw Charlies slanted scrawl.
have dissuaded any creature from coming near them.
He flushed the toilet, threw the test in the bin and checked his clothes. The scent blocker he’d put on earlier in the morning was still going strong, thank Christ. One problem at a time, thank you very much.
Dean didn’t know how Cas was fixed, and he didn’t especially care. All he knew was all the courage he felt those long months ago when he was going to tell Cas how he felt about him, suddenly came flooding back. He kinda wished he had that when he was drinking himself into oblivion.
He blacked out again, he must have, because suddenly it was Cas, his sweet, loving alpha, talking to him instead. “You need to drink this, Dean. It will help with the healing. It’s also an anti-inflammatory and will help with any infection.” Cas sounded remarkably calm for someone who’s mate was pretty much on their death bed.
“Whatever it is, you can tell me.” Castiel sounded so damn sincere; Dean almost believed it might not be a big deal. He knew better though. Gathering his courage, he looked up at the alpha and tried to reveal his biggest shame.
“Wanna come on me or in me?” Dean grinned when Cas growled, speeding up his thrusts. Possessive hands clawed at his hips, brushing over the sensitive skin at the top of his ass.
A tiny bit of him swooned when he heard the gravel rough tone of the alphas voice, though.
Because that was what he was, an angel.
so I could make up my own mind?” Castiel looked pissed, and Dean didn’t blame him. Dean’s stubborn reluctance to share had caused the alpha an extremely uncomfortable rut, one which, if Dean had been honest and actually let himself have something nice, they could have shared.
Chuck cleared his throat from across the room, saving Dean from his staring match with Cas’ lips. Fuck, he must think he’s the biggest weirdo, oh
As always, Chuck was right on the mark. Dean hadn’t really been paying all that much attention on the proper technique for prepping, or what lube to use, when he’d been scouring the darker side of the internet in search of Chucks very particular demands.
“They only hit me where no one could see the bruises.”
The doors slammed shut, students shrugged past him and everything stayed the same. Big moments of internal realisation didn’t happen like that in real life. It took time, peace and quiet to come to a certified conclusion, and more often than not, with a whole bucket load of anxiety and stress. He certainly knew all about
As his orgasm neared, his hand bumped continuously over his knot, which was almost ready to expand. Using both hands, one at the base, wrapped around his almost popped knot, the other flying over his pre-release covered cock, he threw himself over the edge.
When they entered the outskirts of Lawrence, Dean was hit with such a sense of nostalgia he almost cried. He couldn’t believe how good it felt to be back in his home town. Lincoln was still asleep, being in a car always put him out, right away, so Dean took advantage of that to point out all the hallmarks of his town, to Benny.
Chucks stories were quickly traumatising him, he was sure of it. Seriously, how much sex did one story need? He’d gotten to the point where he could just skip the sex scenes all together, because more often than not, they didn’t even pertain to the actual plot.
Sam batted his hands away, huffing indignantly. “Fuck off, Dean, we were having a
Oh My CHUCK, i want to dream about Cas being naked in a whipped cream filled pie. FYI i am currently watching a TERRIBLE nineties movie while publishing this chapter, and who should appear? That's right, fucking LUCIFER. He is SO YOUNG. All innocent and fresh faced. I am fairly sure he's going to either be killed, or do some killing though, because he is being a lurkey little fucker.
“I am aware, yes.” Dean nudged Cas, careful not to wake their pup. They really had to think of a name. He couldn’t just be pup forever. “You are the light of my life, Dean. I would take on the host of heaven, and even the devil himself, to protect you and our pup.” Cas stroked his child’s chubby little face, eyes crinkling with a smile of such love it made Deans heart
It didn’t, however, keep Cas away from Deans growing belly.
Finding an acceptable video took longer than normal, but he was looking for something specific. Finally, he chanced upon one that suited his needs for the night, and he clicked on the little box. He paused the video, letting it load, because come
run and dive into the water after a squealing Charlie. Dean moved the towel so it was positioned in front of his dick, because at that moment, it was taking a particular interest in seeing all the smooth, tanned skin on display. Namely, Cas’.
Peppy girl was looking at him strangely, and he realised he hadn’t responded, even though she hadn’t actually asked him a question. He was saved from further social torture by the second bell, and he hurried off to art, not even bothering with a glance back.
“So, should we head back down to the beach?” Dean wanted to ignore how close they were standing to each other, so he dropped Cas’ hand and stepped back.
“Made you howl, after all.” Dean cracked up, giant heaving breaths that had him groaning along with his mate when it jostled their connection.
to people as quickly as Sam, and that was fine. Everyone was different. It had taken him a long time, but he had accepted who he was, and what he liked. That included not sharing his life story with someone he’d just met. As much as he liked Cas, the short time he had known him, he wasn’t just going to open himself up like that. All it caused was heart break and misery, and they couldn’t afford for that to happen. If they did end up staying on the island, not that that looked likely, they would have to work together to stay alive.
in the dust. “Well, you and your moment are more than welcome to stay here, but I just heard Mom and Dad get home. So unless you want your dinner cold…” Dean left the threat hanging in the air as Sam got up slowly, looking back at Dean from the doorway.
Well its done! Let me know what you think!
“More like twenty three but who’s counting?” Taking a bite of a complimentary bread stick, the guy actually stuck his tongue out and licked it.
“Blood, Dean. You’re– you’re bleeding, it’s coming from – from inside you.” Dean turned his eyes to the side, because that didn’t make sense. If he were bleeding internally, he probably would have kicked the bucket already, or he would have at least felt faint. It was definitely his stomach that hurt, that was where the pain was coming from –
Oh, well, yeah, he did.
The alpha held the vines out of the way, and then crawled in just after Dean. They were practically on top of one another, and Dean was about to grumble, when Cas’ hand wrapped around his mouth. Dean would have struggled, if not for the heavy foot falls just outside their little hideout, and the deep, gruff voice of, clearly, an alpha.
He was so gone, and it was only their second date.
It could have been minutes, or maybe hours, but Cas did find him.
“Um, its ok dude, I’ve got through every other heat without an alpha, I’m sure I’ll be sweet this time too.” Dean knew he’d said the wrong thing as soon as he saw the pain flash across Cas face. Shit. It wasn’t that Cas didn’t want to spend it with him, it was that he
“No, Dean. There are many,
Everything would be fine.
“Hey, so I’m Charlie, nice to meet you.” The girl of his nightmares smiled disarmingly at him, and Dean’s shoulders sagged. He couldn’t hate this girl, who looked so nice, and carefree. It wasn’t her fault that Cas preferred chicks to dicks, and he couldn’t believe he had just thought something like that, and that it had
The guy was probably totally innocent, asking
“It’s alright, Dean. We’ll go at your pace. I don’t particularly fancy being the source of the town’s gossip either.” He shrugged, keeping eye contact with Dean. He desperately wanted to get his arms around Cas.
Despite his fears, he had to voice what he thought to his mate. That was what he was there for, wasn’t it? To be there for him?
that wasn’t gonna happen to him, no fucking
Dean just hugged Lincoln closer to his chest. “They were gonna make me get rid of him. I couldn’t let them do that.” He didn’t have to defend his decision to a stranger. It was his life, and his sons. That was what was important.
“Oh my
“I, uh, sorry about that, Benny. I guess I freaked out over nothing.” Dean was embarrassed he’d caused a fuss, but Benny didn’t seem to mind.
to your partner.
“That was pretty damn hot.” Cas moaned as another orgasm shuddered through him, but he cupped Deans cheek with the hand that was no longer stripping his cock.
think he’d ever heard echoed around the room.
Despite his alphas possessive grumblings, which Dean found absolutely adorable, they decided the safest thing to do was head back to the cave.
with Dean, but Castiel honestly couldn’t have said himself. Dean looked, from the outside anyway, absolutely perfect. He was brazen, confident and funny. Yet despite that, he was still shy, demure even.
“I’m just,” Cas’ bit his plush lip and worried it between his teeth. Adam’s apple bobbing, the alpha cleared his throat in an attempt to get his words out. “I’m just so
How in the hell was his life that unfair.
before the fun starts.” Dean looked her in the eye, and nodded. “I need you to do
to Chucks after going to the club. Chuck had his own car, thank Christ, because he had no excuse to ask to borrow the Impala for the night when his mum could just drop him off.
“I’m not the one they’re looking for,” Dean almost laughed, a star wars joke bubbling up, but he held it down. Serious time now. “But I
“Sure! Sorry, I kinda zone out sometimes, Chucks always moaning about it.” Dean smiled, looking down at his scruffy socks, and he was suddenly very
“Sorry, I’m still a bit flummoxed from my dates non appearance and the ah, situation with yours.” The guy stuck out his hand and Dean stared for a moment before sneaking his own out to clasp it. Warm, solid and large, everything Dean looked for in a … hand.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel sighed out his name like he was last person he wanted to see, but Dean ran with it.
“God fucking damnit.” He pushed himself up quickly, hoping no one had seen him. Luckily they were far enough back that he had time to brush off the sand, and contain the blush on his cheeks. That was, until Cas appeared, clearly trying to hold in a smirk.
wrong. He didn’t want to worry his mate though, so he stayed quite.
Positive.
Dean shifted, trying to get closer to Cas, to find out what was wrong, when he felt it, the slimy, slippery heat of slick running down his legs. It was early,
“You don’t have to tell me where you live right now, Dean, but I think it would be a good idea, closer to the time, for me to know.” Dean took a moment to realise what he meant, but when he did, he tensed.
“And you’re pregnant, we know, man. It’s all good. Congrats.” Andy looked cheerful, happy even, and when Dean turned to look at Rufus, he just shrugged.
“Dean, I aint after you or anything like that. If you thought that… shit, was I coming on too strong?” Benny looked mortified that he’d seemed like he was coming onto a teenaged boy, but Dean just laughed in relief. He wasn’t gonna lose his only support by rejecting him, thank fucking Christ for that. “I was only trying to look out for you, is all.”
how in the hell did a teenager have a voice that low? Was he sent here by some malevolent force just to make his fucking hormones soar into overdrive?
“Dean –” Cas took him in his arms, and held him close. Dean felt a little of his pain slip away, because his mate was holding him and what more could he ask for, really? “I’ve got you. It’s ok.” Dean would have laughed, if he wasn’t silently crying. He realised the thin, warm tracks down his face were actually tears, and not blood. He was in pain, yeah, but did that warrant crying?
drunk.
“What took you so long?” Dean fluttered up to his lover, and wrapped him in his wings, because of course they were on the ground, it being a dream. Dean kissed his blushing doctor, and stroked his amazing wings.
Dean was so glad his mate’s senses were abnormally good; because Cas came crashing out of the undergrowth soon after Crowley ran off. He must have scented Dean’s anguish, and probably Gabriel’s as well. The poor beta was hiccupping into Dean’s shirt, while the omega ran a soothing hand up and down his back.
“You – you’d take away all your memories together, just to stop hurting?” It was as simple as that, yeah, he would.
Let me know what you think :)
Dean motioned for Sam to take out the left one, while he went for the right. They had to do it silently, or the dudes inside would be alerted. The building had an alcove they used to their advantage, grabbing their respective targets at the same time, in sync after years of practise.
“I just want him to be happy.” The heartbreak he heard made his own heart want to jump right out of his chest and close his mom in a giant hug.
The difference was, Castiel’s body was convinced Dean was his mate.
His body was still betraying him in the worst way, and even Cas was giving him strange, contemplative looks when he thought Dean wasn’t looking. It all came to a head weeks later, when they were alone, cleaning in the stream.
“Gadreel, what is it?” The other alpha seemed to need to catch his breath, but he was soon able to stammer out a reason for his agitation.
“How the hell
Cas moved his hips slightly and Dean gasped when Cas erection accidently touched his. They both groaned, and Dean knew he had to stop, before he dragged Cas back inside and ravished him.
When he didn’t answer right away, Benny just started yelling. The contraction passed, so he gulped in a quick breath, and tried to make his voice sound strong. He failed pretty spectacularly.
He had a gift, goddamnit, and he was saving it for his mate, not some random knot head who thought he was theirs to claim.
Dean rubbed his hands together, and warmed them by the fire. Sam was a genius when it came to fire. Him and Gadreel had it up and running within an hour of finding the cave, while Dean and Cas made sure it didn’t have any other inhabitants. Sam must have been practising, which really made Dean proud. It was good to know Sam kept up what their dad had taught them, even if their dad and Sam hadn’t always seen eye to eye.
“You can shove your salvation up your junkless asses.” Dean hastily covered his snort, and even Sam shook silently beside him. Cas was a snarky little shit and Dean was so proud.
different to a whole dick.
Dean felt safe, protected and cared for when he was with Cas, accepted for everything he was, and wanted to be. No one, not even his parents, had made him feel that way before.
He was a bit nervous, he really had no idea what he was doing, but somehow he knew Cas wouldn’t make fun of him or put him down.
“Um, well it’s hard to tell without seeing you guys together. I think… if she laughs at your stupid jokes and shit like that, then yeah, go for it. No harm in trying, right?” He grinned over at his brother, who looked equal parts thrilled and terrified.
The morning did not bring about an ease to Castiel’s condition, indeed, it only seemed to have deteriorated. Sweat pooled in the small hollow at the top of his sternum, and spilled forth, sliding down between his pecks when he sat up, groaning.
“I’m not gonna lie, it scared the crap out of me.” Dean saw Cas stiffen, and he had obviously assumed the worst. “But then I had a chance to think, you know, after I
Dean shifted across slightly and Cas must have felt the change because he was suddenly right there, in dean's space. The air was suddenly very close, and given there was very little gap between their bodies, Dean wasn’t surprised.
“I think that’s for the best, don’t you?” Dean turned a raised brow to the beta, who just kicked some sand and nodded. Dean found he quite liked the silent, submissive version of Gabriel.
Not that he owed the piece of scum before him an explanation, but he did owe it to Dean. His perfect, innocent,
just Cas. The alpha drew out responses and feelings from him that he’d either never felt, or buried so deep he’d forgotten about them.
If I tell you to
The rain spilled from the sky at a ridiculous rate, but Dean didn’t care. He had the wipers on full blast, and he could still see, to a point. He was riding the high from having his stupidly hot boyfriend sitting next to him, both singing their lungs out to
“It’s alright, Castiel. No one on this island will ever harm Dean again.” Gadreel held him tightly, humming softly like their mother did when they were younger. Castiel knew he was right; after all, they had destroyed any threat to his mate by killing the alphas. If only they had struck before the attack on Dean.
He was pretty sure the entire island had heard Gabriel’s laughter.
“I am sorry it took me so long, Heaven has been… hectic, since the darkness was taken care of.” Cas sounded evasive when he said it, and they still hadn’t quite figured out how the angels had stopped the darkness. Dean had been in no fit state to help anyone, and Sam had had his hands full making sure his brother didn’t drown in his own vomit.
His heart picked up, because
“Dean, remember what we talked about, how you had to listen to me?” Melissa waited until he nodded, tensing as he felt another contraction start to build. “Now’s the time I’m gonna start, ok?” Melissa had Benny replace her hands under his knees, so she could, presumably, help his baby enter the world. “When the next one comes, I want
What he hadn’t counted on, was certain foods making him feel like crap. He knew he couldn’t go near seafood and lettuce, but that wasn’t anything he couldn’t cope without. No, the
“Yeah, uh good idea.” Dean was still reeling from whatever the hell had just transpired, his teenage brain was
“What about me?” He questioned, narrowing his eyes, but smiling his stupidly cheeky smile. Dean gulped, throwing caution to the wind, and crossing everything in the hope that Cas wouldn’t punch him in the face.
“It’s why I wanted to go out tonight, babe.” Dean opened the box, and Cas let out a small gasp of precious air. “I wanted – wanted everything to be perfect, but I guess that all went to shit, didn’t it.” Not really the proposal he had in mind, but it’d do. “Castiel Novak, would you do me the honour of spending the rest of your life with me?” Even before he’d finished, Dean knew what he’d said was awful. Imagine saying something like that to someone that was …
They quickly decided to watch another movie instead of continuing with the disastrous game, but Dean couldn’t have been happier with the result. He’d found out that Cas was single, which made things a hell of a lot less rage inducing, but no less confusing and awkward. Just because he was single, didn’t make him any less
someone for me, Dean.” Cas was breathless, flushed and looked downright adorable. His big blue eyes shone, almost like they were reflecting his very soul. God, he loved him, he really, truly, loved Cas, and it broke his heart that it could all be over. Well, go out with a bang, and all that.
“Please don’t go. I don’t know what happened, but you don’t have to go, Dean.” Sam sounded on the very edge of tears, so Dean gathered him up in his arms, and held him close, for what very well could be the last time.
Or battle.
“I think… I know you were gonna wait, but I think you need to tell him now, in case you don’t get another chance.” Dean’s throat tightened and his heart thundered in fear. He shook himself, because he was past that. He’d been through the fear and doubt; all he had to do to move forward was reveal his long held feelings to his best friend.
Dropping Cas off was different, with Cas kissing Dean on the cheek and Sam making gagging noises in the back seat. Stupid little brothers. A promise to text later and they were off back home.
The alpha seemed to have cemented himself pretty firmly into Dean’s family, and he had only met the guy once. He was warmed by the knowledge the guy had looked for him. Maybe he just felt guilty though, when he found out Dean was underage.
“Uh, yeah, I guess. Um, these diapers, how do I know they’ll fit it? I mean, what if it’s bigger or smaller?” Dean had so many questions; questions about diapers only just scratched the surface. It was times like these that he missed his mom furiously.
what had he been thinking.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Let me just –” Dean leaned over, careful not to jostle Cas too much. It was important, very important, that he show Cas what he had planned for their night. He didn’t think he would be able to live with himself if Cas never knew how much he meant to him. Not that he’d be able to if Cas – if he… Dean was driving, it was his fault,
Maybe Chuck was right, and just had to nut up and open his goddamned mouth.
Thank you for all the comments and kudos!
The alphas irises bled red, eclipsing the blue completely. A low rumbling vibrated from his chest, and Dean could feel it rattling against his own. Cas’ breath was hot against his neck, but he
“I’m sorry, Dean, I’m so sorry.” Dean just shook his head, because he stood by what he said before, it wasn’t Sam’s fault.
I am so sorry.
Dark brown, almost black hair that curled at the edges, as if he needed a haircut. Crisp white shirt, top button undone and tie slightly loosened as if he had just come from work. Strong jaw with just a touch of stubble, highlighting his tanned, handsome face.
Sam twisted and pulled, earning a grunt and growl from Cas. Dean watched, his stomach protesting, as Sam pulled the sharp piece of metal from his angels head.
blame him. Dean knew his brother would try his best, despite the odds. Hell, when were the odds ever in their favour?
“I was wondering, there’s a party this Saturday. Um, do you wana go with me?” Apart from the fact that he was going to say no anyway, he didn’t like it when people avoided eye contact when asking questions. It made him feel like they were afraid of the answer.
School raced by, and before he knew it, he was picking Sam up and heading home. His brother jabbered on about something that had happened at school, but Dean just couldn’t bring himself to concentrate. He was too busy thinking about when he could see Cas alone next, and what they would do –
“So am I. I mean, I’ve always wanted kids, just not really like this.” Dean snorted and shifted in Cas’ embrace. He wasn’t surprised by the hardon he found there. Apparently, Cas had a pregnancy kink. “I can take care of that later, if you want.” Dean hadn’t really been feeling all that horny lately, with all the stress, but all at once, it was back. Cas moved against him, and then Dean noticed his cheeks flaring with…
A quiet cough reeled him in from his ocean of insecure thoughts, and he realised he hadn’t answered. Wow, that must have sent Cas’ self-confidence spiralling downwards.
Maybe Dean wasn’t as interested as he thought.
He should make some kind of effort for the guy sitting opposite of him though, at least he was being polite.
“What about you?” Dean asked around a mouth full of nachos.
Yeah fucking right. If he clicked that little confirm button, he was actively letting Cas into his life. It was a step that was so normal for people his age, and yet, it was monumental for him.
A choked off, gurgling groan jump started Deans stalled consciousness. It drew his attention from the horror that was his partners mortality, to his pale, sweat stained face. Blood trailed from the corner of his mouth, which was pulled tight in a grimace.
“Dude, I can smell you, and you smell
Dean let out the breath he didn't realise he had been holding. Cas felt the same way, or Dean thought that he did, anyway. If he was talking about what he thought he was.
“I ah, I think your water just broke.” Dean would have laughed at Cas’ blatant statement, had he not felt the pressure continue to build between his hips to an almost unbearable amount. He shuffled until his feet were wide apart, as far as he could make them without more discomfort, and gripped onto Cas’ strong shoulders.
His knot sat an inch above the base of his cock, rumbling like a long dormant volcano threatening eruption. Castiel shivered, because by that alone, he knew the next few days would be some of the most uncomfortable he had ever endured.
The omega spun around, almost tackling his mate to the ground. Cas managed to keep his balance, while Dean tore open his pants that had somehow managed to stay on. His alphas cock was huge, red and angry when he finally pulled it to the surface. The head was engorged, fully emerged from the foreskin, shiny slick from precome. The knot, Dean saw, was pulsing, threatening to pop at any moment. He looked up at his mate, and licked his lips.
“No, I’ve been talking to Adam, you are not him.”
“Yeah, if that’s alright?” Dean scratched his head and smiled. “I just… I want everything to be perfect, you know?” Only his dad and Sam knew what he was doing, because he wanted it to be a surprise for everyone else. The less people that knew, the less likely someone would spill the beans.
It just got worse as the night went on, as Dean learnt just how much he liked the alpha. He actively ignored the mouth-watering scent that wafted towards him every time the alpha moved, either while describing an interesting case, or talking about his biggest love, apparently keeping
but he didn’t want to risk drowning. He bunched a towel up and placed it behind his back as he eased into the cold tub. It would be his home for the next few hours.
it had warmed him to his core. Benny was as fond of him as he could be, without calling him his mate.
“Dean, can I have a word?” Dean turned back to Ms Moseley, standing next to her desk.
it if… if…
He didn’t wait around to hear
The alpha shuffled awkwardly before him as Dean had his internal melt down, but he gathered himself quickly. He didn’t want to look like a total dick in front of the guy. He stood, slapped on a smile that he hoped didn’t look too forced and stuck out his hand.
The bell rang, and Dean packed up his stuff, tipping it all into his backpack. He’d almost made it out the door before he heard his name being called behind him.
It was easier, to begin with, to keep track of the days, but as the weeks and months blurred into each other, they had just stopped caring.
“What did that asshat want?” Dean chuckled; Cas could certainly come up with some inventive names. Dean just slung his arm around Cas and steered them towards their next classes.
Cas and his friends were sitting on the other side of the hall, laughing and joking together. Charlie had her arms around Cas, but for the first time, Dean felt no animosity towards the red headed girl. He knew they were just really good friends, but he was still slightly jealous that they could be so carefree in their public displays of affection.
- SO MUCH FLUFF
was he wrong.
“Yeah, sweetie, he spent every weekend driving around, putting up posters, anything we asked him to do.” His mom sounded so grateful, he hoped she liked Cas. He actually really wanted to meet him.
An unwelcome cock.
“That’s all good. I was worried about you, that’s all. I didn’t wana push you too hard, in case it hurt the kid.” Benny was a nice guy, and Dean thought he’d make someone a good mate. He hated to admit it, but his kid did need a solid alpha role model in its life. It – it deserved to know its father.
“I helped pull you to shore, in case Dean embellished the story.” Dean huffed and dug his toe into the sand.
“Your – your brother?” Dean actually did squeak that time, but he didn’t care. Cas was still within his reach. Sam looked at him like he had grown an extra head, and Cas tilted his. The other guy, Gadreel, extended his hand.
at it too?
ready for such intense feelings.
” Gordon practically screamed the last part, and Dean was surprised none of the teachers had heard. As frozen to the spot as he was, he was still confused as to what the hell Gordon was talking about. What the hell was his problem with the gay kids of the school anyway?
Dean. What makes you think you can just call on me whenever you wish?” Cas looked
Wow, Cas had just out cheesed him.
about what he endured over that half an hour, but by the time he stumbled back to camp, he was sweaty, shaking and embarrassed as hell. He motioned for Cas to follow him down to the beach, where he stripped everything off and waded into the surf. His alpha did the same, coming up behind him.
As Dean led the way deeper into the cave, he couldn’t help the thrill of excitement that prickled his super sensitive skin. He hadn’t actually gone through a heat with anyone before. There was too much temptation to go that little bit further. Along with his own hormones interfering, the effect he had on his heat partner was too intense. Cas was a fine point in his case.
