Sam shot an apologetic look toward the nurse’s station before guiding Jody down the hall to the vending machines, giving them some much-needed privacy. “I’m glad you’re here, Jody.” Sam sat in one of the uncomfortable chairs, running his hands through his hair before feeling all the helplessness of the last 24 hours become evident on his face. “I don’t know what I’m doing anymore.” The words didn’t even begin to express the turmoil inside Sam at that moment, but the look of sympathy on Jody’s features said that she understood. She pulled a chair up to face Sam, resting a hand on his knee in a comforting gesture.
“So, get this.” Sam stood in Dean’s (and by extension for the last three and a half years, Cas’s) doorway, waiting for him to pause what they had playing on his tv. Dean hit a button on the remote, earning a glare from Cas, who had been completely enthralled in the screen. Sam smiled at the sight of them tangled in the bed, pizza box half empty, completely relaxed for once.
Dean stepped aside then and let Gabriel pass, who strolled right up to the bed, no hesitation other than to tap his hand on Jack’s shoulder as he passed. Gabriel ran his hand above Cas’s body, a similar motion to what Dean had seen Cas do a hundred times with them. Dean held his breath until he saw Cas’s chest rise and fall once slowly, evenly.
They sat around for the few hours they had left, talking in turns, telling stories about Cas. There were tears nearly constantly on tap somewhere in the room, and while Dean stayed quiet through most of it, Sam did catch a small smile or chuckle every so often. He tried not to let it give him any hope, since he knew, come sundown, his brother’s world would come to an end.
Any fear he felt flew itself right out of his brain at that moment. He writhed underneath Cas, unabashedly moaning in time with the angel’s movements. He almost didn’t process the fact that he was slowly becoming less tense as the seconds passed. And somehow, in the same way, he began feeling the tension rise in other parts of his body. His fingers gripped the sheets. His toes weren’t quite curled, but they were getting pretty close to it. Dean tried to think long enough to form words, but he only heard pants leaving his lips. About the time Cas pressed a second finger into him, those pants turned back into moaning gasps.
He could hardly breathe as they paused, just for a beat of their hearts to survey one another. Dean looked unhinged before Cas, a wild and desperate look in his bright green eyes. His chest was damp from sweat, and his hair was the most out of place that Cas had ever seen it. Cas felt his cock twitch as he realized that Dean was just as affected by their actions as he was. He couldn’t process the sexiness of the hunter before him in the midst of it all, he could only feel how much he needed his hands back on Dean’s skin.
“That’s definitely a bruised rib, bud.” Dean sat back and stretched his neck, readjusting his shoulders and picking up the towel to get back to work. “I’ve had my fair share. At least, it doesn’t look broken. They still suck, but you’ll live.” His attention focused in on a nasty looking cut across Cas’s collar bone.
Sam watched but didn’t really hear as the doctor explained the process of taking Cas off the machines. They would make sure he was comfortable, nature would take its course, no pain. Sam kept his eyes on his brother for the whole speech, knowing enough about it already. He had begun asking around about a month ago, but he had never figured out a way to tell Dean everything. Partially due to not wanting to hurt Dean any further, but also since he wouldn’t put it past his brother to make good on his threat and shoot him dead in the hospital.
Gabriel stared Jack down for a moment before he answered honestly, “I don’t know. But I’ll try to keep him alive. That’s why I’m here.” Dean could see that Gabriel was trying to help soothe Jack, but the kid wanted a happy ending, and that was something Gabriel couldn’t promise. Jack stood and walked out of the room in a rush. Dean looked after him, not sure what to do about it all.
“Can you stand, Cas? We need to get you to someplace where I can patch you up.” Dean stood, but his focus stayed on Cas, wondering how he had even gotten as far as he had in his condition. Cas nodded and pushed himself up and away from the building. Dean had to move quickly to catch him as he stumbled and lost consciousness again in his arms. Dean groaned under the weight of the other man, carrying his body at an odd angle until he was able to slide him into Baby’s back seat. He stood still for just a moment, watching as fresh blood slowly painted itself into Baby’s interior. “Son of a bitch.”
“I’m fine, Dean.” He was sure his labored breath told Dean that he was lying, but he at least had the grace to not call him on it out loud. “You needed a better angle to work. I am able to sit if it helps you.” Dean’s eyes softened just a bit at Cas’s words. He gently readjusted Cas’s legs so that they sat in between his own, sliding his muscled frame forward on his chair, leaning himself toward Cas’s collarbone.
“Did he give any details about how the victims were killed?” He always had to give it to Cas; straight to the point and no frivolous banter. Unless thy name be Dean Winchester - then Cas had sass for days. It was one of Sam’s favorite changes that had occurred since Cas had become human. He was still the same old Cas as he ever was, but he understood more of their references. And he had definitely been refining his quick wit. Dean always tried to seem irritated, but Sam knew it was a secret game the two lovebirds played.
“Why don’t we just lay here? We can watch tv, talk about it in the morning. That good with you?” He was so nervous, but he knew Cas better. He waited what seemed like years before Cas dropped the belt to the floor. That saucy look was back in his eyes, and he sauntered to the bed. Dean opened his lips to speak as Cas lifted a knee up to the bed, moving to crawl back next to the demon.
The sound of Sam clearing his throat from the backseat jolted Dean out of his mild chick flick feelings, reminding him that the world still existed around them. A blush flashed through his cheeks as Sam goaded them, “Case?” Sam wore a smirk that Dean wanted to slap right off his Moosey face, but he somehow controlled himself. Probably due to the light grip Cas held on his hand still, rubbing soothing circles on his palm.
“I will. She’s just here because this is gonna make us upset.” Nathan looked to the floor. “Omegas are good for cuddling.” He smiled softly. “Always makes me feel better when I’m upset.”
Dean nodded his head in affirmation. Without riffling through the drawers and closet he would not have noticed. Castiel mostly had clothing and toiletries. He’d given him things, but they were practical things or food. He did note that pictures of pups had been moved. He guessed to be spread throughout the house.
“Seeing as seventeen pups didn’t scare either of us off we’ve got plenty of time to discuss simple things… like my favorite insect being the bumble bee,” Castiel grinned. “I personally like that we got the awkward out of the way.” He pulled the plate toward him and picked at the edges of the burger.
Twila stroked Nathan’s back and cooed. She pulled him into her lap and brought his face to her chest. She’d done this so many times that it came naturally.
Castiel sat best he could. He leaned against Dean, and pulled Keith in his lap. Not caring if it would distracted his pup from his studies. He ruffled his hair playfully.
The walk from the door to the motor home was brief and Castiel hadn’t stopped laughing. “You have got to be the most understanding mom.” He held the door of the motor home open for Dean, “after you.”
Dean watched as their pups did a pass the baton style recounting of the evening. He couldn’t help but get the feeling that this was rehearsed. He mentally steeled himself for the proverbial shoe to drop. He leaned over and whispered to Castiel, “we’ll talk later about John. So,” he gave the boy sitting between Jack and Amelia a once over. “Frank why are you still here? Shouldn’t you be helping your mom at her apothecary shop.” He calmly munched on his bacon.
“Some.” Jack squeaked. If his squeak didn’t speak for his embarrassment then the red on his cheeks did. “Dean can we do this…” he squirmed a little as he looked from his alpha dad to his alpha siblings. Subconsciously scooting closer to his twin, Claire.
“Not unless I get amnesia and think you’re him. Or, maybe have a nightmare.” Dean looked Castiel in the eyes. “The kids don’t even know his name. They know him as dad… nothing more, nothing less.”
“This is the first time I’ve slept in it myself.” Castiel grinned the moment he saw Dean’s eyes grow wide. “Half the pups here and the other half on the pull out. I slept in the drivers seat.”
Before Frank could be told it gets better the waitress arrived back at their table with their appetizers. She situated the plates in the middle of the table. Once she was satisfied, she passed out small plates and napkins.
John glared at his sister. “It’s true,” he said after swallowing. “Mom’s preached condoms, birth control… anything and everything since we were old enough to pay attention.”
Castiel fell forward. He didn’t know how many times they rolled. What he did know is that on the last roll he was back on top. He grabbed Kenny’s neck, and pressed his knee into his chest. Chest heaving, clearly exhausted.
Dean cut him off, “we’re totally not going there.” He laughed and pulled away. He went to check out the dresser. “I saw a few things before you pulled me in.”
“We’ve got adult pups that could finish where we left off with dinner prep.” Castiel’s fingers traipsed down Dean’s chest , and teased around the area of his hardening cock. “I do recall being told it’s bad etiquette to show up to dinner hard and horny as hell…”
Frank grabbed the step ladder. Even with the extra height he was still on the short side. “It’s winter! Why in the snowball is the hot chocolate on the top shelf.” He huffed as his fingers grazed the box.
“Please Lord everyone remember birth control and condoms.” Dean shouted out without regards to those who hadn’t presented and were underage. He cleared his throat when he had several sets of eyes on him.
“I appreciate you all but you do know there are other chocolate covered goodies if this isn’t to your liking.” Frank grinned and pushed a plate toward them.
“Match it to the fucking wallpaper,” Dean hissed and rolled over so he wouldn’t have to look at him. He could really care less about a fucking rug. When he’d given him the go ahead to refurbish the master it had been with the thoughts of a few pieces of furniture being exchanged… not new wall paper, polished floors, new rugs… which he could deal with- it did need some moderate updating. There was more to it-
Dean fidgeted a bit with the pillows and stuffies on the bed before curling up. He took in the rest of the room and noted that with the exception of maybe a couple inches off Castiel had put everything back the way it was. The chase they had recently purchased was draped in blankets and placed up against the window.
“That would be the extra bun in the oven that makes three.” Frank pointed out as he sat the box of hot chocolate down on the table. “My moms’s sister is going to be beside herself when you tell her she gets to deliver triplets.” He grinned.
“Yeah. Be the alpha my dad is. Not some hot head. You can protect our mom. But I promise she doesn’t need protecting from dad.” Nathan grinned.
“Jack and Claire are my oldest. I did something similar as your late mate did. She was a wonderful woman and we made each other very happy. We weren’t naïve, we knew the pregnancy was high risk. She made me promise to choose the pups over her. Hardest thing I ever did and I don’t regret it.” Castiel watched as Dean tugged at his wrist and unbuttoned the sleeve of his dress shirt.
“I’m hoping to be an alpha so I can be a fire fighter!” Nathan grinned and puffed himself up best he could.
At some point, neither knew the when or the how, the take out was on the ground and Dean was against the wall. Dean was clutching the lovey tightly with one hand, and Castiel’s trench coat with the other. His own face buried in the crook of the juncture between neck and shoulder. It didn’t stop there. If there was a place to scent, they did so respectfully. Hands shuffling to feel muscle, but not arousal. There was a sense to heat one another up, but not tip past the edge. They finally broke apart to cup another’s face. They were sweaty and panting. There was an intense but respectful gaze- flashes of speckled alpha red and omega gold. They kissed gently with a promise that it would be more the next time.
Sam punched Dean’s shoulder. “I need to get back. Get your shit together, and don’t be a stranger.” He got up and headed back toward the diner he owned.
“I’ll get it!” Mary called out when she noticed her mom and dad were caught up in a conversation with Arthur and Garth. She shifted her plate to one hand. After putting on a bubbly smile, she opened the door. “Hello.”
Dean perked up a bit at the mention of matching furniture. He tilted his head and gave Castiel a look. He didn’t want to outright say yes since Castiel was in charge of redesigning the master bedroom.
“No. We always used mine. He was mated to the government as much as me. All I can say is… I wasn’t the only young and dumb one. He was equally so. His mistake cost him a life of servitude. But, it paid handsomely.” Dean gave a dry chuckle.
Dean watched as Castiel shuffled into the kitchen, pulled out a chair, and sat down. He chuckled, “so big bad alpha do you miss being twenty.” He sat a cup of coffee down in front of him and massaged his shoulders.
“I like an omega who can run an orderly home and who knows how to press all the right buttons,” Castiel countered. Seeing him eat bits of his dinner he decided to do the same. The last thing he wanted to do was insult the cook of the diner.
Castiel pulled Dean possessively toward him. He nuzzled his face along his hair line and whispered. “We’ve got Frank’s mom downstairs telling him he’s living in a regular ole nutters house.”
Claire effectively broke up the hug by tickling her brother. “He wants to teach kindergarten or first grade.”
Dean couldn’t smell Castiel’s unease, but he could sense it. Instinctively, he did what he’d do to calm his pups down and started to purr. “You’re son, Keith must have told you.”
With the exception of a brief glance to see what he was holding, Castiel didn’t take his eyes off of Kenny.
Dean pressed himself firmly into Castiel. He tilted his head, and nuzzled against what he could. “You’re a devil you know that.” He breathed in deep. “I love how earthy you smell,” he purred.
“I know you’ve been touring the USA in a motor home so I’m assuming you’ve got a storage locker somewhere- right?” Dean asked curiously as he watched each of the nine pups walk in with no more than two average sized duffel bags worth of stuff. The younger clutching a comfort toy.
“Some vintage wood and tin toys. I thought they would make nice pieces to display in the living room.”
Now  here they were and it was like they were meeting old friends. It took less than five minutes for them to get antsy and start talking amongst and over themselves. From there another two minutes before they were scattering to the four corners of the park to occupy themselves.
* Have an idea you’d like to see worked into the fic… leave a comment and I’ll see what I can do. These guys have minds of their own. Haha.
“I suppose that is fair after the fool I made of myself yesterday at the supermarket.” Despite the even expression Castiel held you could tell he was smiling. “It’s shameful. I won’t forgive myself.”
Castiel spun around. His eyes wide with shock and horror as he realized what he’d done. If he hadn’t of felt so guilty he’d of found the man holding two pups to be the sexiest thing ever. The barefoot and pregnant kinda sexy. What made it even better was that sexy matched the scent he’d been chasing around the grocery store. The smell of warm vanilla and clove was intoxicating. As much as he wanted to nuzzle this man holding his pup this wasn’t about them. Sadly, their first meeting was about his mistake. “Thank you,” he reached out to take Keith from the omega.
Dean looked Castiel in the eyes, and smiled. “Until you… but, I don’t have to be drunk to loose control.”
“Twice as many adults,” Sam grinned. “So…” he glanced down toward his brother’s stomach. “You got something to tell me?” Not that he had to be told. His alpha nose had already picked up on the sweeter smells in the house. He knew it couldn’t just be Frank because it was heavy in the air between them. Also, his brother was nursing a juice instead of a beer.
To avoid rope burn Castiel had fitted his hands with gloves. It made things a bit awkward as he straddled the deer. Careful of the the hooves and antlers of the still thrashing buck he yanked its head up.
“Yes. Mom was trying to teach me the tradition-” He gave a small smile. “Mom has an incredible amount of patience in waiting so don’t take the first thing that comes along.” He paused long enough to inwardly sigh. He wasn’t going to outright say how many attempts it had taken him. “Make sure to field dress it quickly as possible. Once he’s sure the family is provided for he’ll run…” he swallowed a lump that was forming in his throat, “he’s fast and slippery,” his voice cracked. He was sure there was no hiding the fact that he couldn’t catch his mom.
“Something like that just more direct.” Nikki pointed out. She held out her hand for a tomato. “You better,” she said to her twin.
“I’m going to do what dad did and be a computer ha-” Kenny started to say after the laughter had died down, but was cut off by his dad’s hand covering his mouth.
Donatello shook it and smiled. “You two are adorable together.” He smiled. “Please excuse me. I’m going to make my rounds. I wouldn’t want to be considered a poor host. If anything else catches your eye set it on the bed and we’ll settle up at the end of the day. With the bed being sold this room is off limits to everyone but us.” He tipped his head politely and excited the room.
“You’ll have to show me tomorrow. For now,” Castiel scooted Dean toward the kitchen, “you need to eat your dinner.”
“There are gifs.” Kenny couldn’t believe he just suggested such a thing. Now he was almost sure he’d get them. He frowned as he shook his head. “You know what never mind.”
“This is why the world has fan fiction.” Nikki laughed. “For people like you who just can’t be satisfied with what the writer has given you.” She teased John.
John sat gallons of milk, orange juice, and toast on the table. “I had really short notice on the whole fend for ourselves thing. Bacon will be done in ten minutes. I’m getting started on the eggs.”
“Suppose we don’t. I’m surprised we haven’t hired a nanny who’s a beta.” Twila hummed thoughtfully. “Anyways. Let’s get this over with… I need my beauty sleep.”
Sam was about to say something along the lines of his brother having never had a miscarriage when Eileen had come up to them.
Dean stopped massaging and went around to his scratch pad. “This morning we are taking Mary, John, Jack, and Amelia to the local college for them to fill out the necessary paperwork to get a start on their careers. Then after lunch Claire has an interview with Eileen at the dinner. Lastly, we’ll have to book it to the high school to sign Betty up. I was told they have an excellent JROTC program. Oh and this evening the chief of the fire station is coming by for dinner to meet Nathan.”
“Just another month.” Dean straddled Castiel’s lap. “First before I can plan the hunt I’ve got to schedule Frank’s first appointment and plan two birthday parties… you know it would be so much easier if female omegas were like men and could only catch when in heat. With the exception of my twins everyone is born in July and is content to have one big party.”
Dean climbed into bed, and pulled them both into his lap. “I believe you.” He nuzzled them both as he pulled Castiel down to join in.
“Mines the biggest there is. It’s a fully restored, modern only where necessary twelve room Victorian era home. I’m not opposed to renovating the master or the unused rooms.” Dean nervously chewed on his bottom lip. He loved his home, and couldn’t imagine living anywhere else. But, he knew how important it was for the alpha to provide the home- especially the master bedroom, since it was the heart of the home. The house was the end of the courtship and the begging to forever. Not that they were exactly to the later, but he knew Castiel would want to plan and prepare for when the time did arise.
“Explains why you’re so against it.” Castiel rested his forehead against Dean’s. “You weren’t kidding about the schools JROTC program. Marines.”
* I’m not entirely happy with this chapter. But the two people that did read it gave it a thumbs up. The chase wasn’t translating from head to paper like I wanted. I sat on it long enough, so here it is.
Castiel watched until the last of the pups was out of site before taking in more of the room. “There’s a plaque outside that says Fuzzy Tails Boarding House. You failed to mention you renovated a boarding house,” he said softly as he ran his fingers along the railing of the stairs. He took in the careful choice of wallpaper. The moment he’d stepped in the door he’d felt like he’d gone back a good hundred or so years. He knew the pups wouldn’t appreciate it, but he did. “Just this room alone is breathtaking. If the rest of the house is even half as amazing…”
Mildly offended Kenny puffed up. However, he quickly deflated because he knew his sister was only teasing. “It’s really gross when you do that you know,” he grumbled. Secretly though, he really didn’t mind it.
Castiel nuzzled the juncture where shoulder met neck, and occasionally licked a strip along the neck. He breathed in deep through his nose and out through his mouth. The mingling scents like aged liquor made him feel intoxicated quickly. He dipped his fingers into the crease of Dean’s ass cheeks. Using the slick he rubbed around the perineum.
“If preventing an unplanned pup takes me screaming condoms and birth control even when it’s awkward I will.” Dean grinned. “If it happens,” he paused just long enough to climb in, “I won’t look down on any of our pups for it.” He got quiet again as he waited for Castiel to climb in and close the door. “Hell I’ve been there and I’m lucky it all worked out.”
Dean’s eyes went wide. Before he could stop himself he hissed, “I’ll kill a mother fucker if they went into my bedroom.” He puffed up and snarled. The thought of someone other than Castiel, his omega pups, and their pups who had yet to present made him sick and angry all at once. The master bedroom was the heart of the home, and it was blatant disrespect to the main omega to violate their private space.
Castiel felt his heart skip a beat. He was elated that they’d barely been seated five minutes and Dean was very much interested in him. He watched as he stole a sniff and he decided to risk it as well and do the same. It was even better now that he wasn’t chasing around snatches of vanilla and clove in the grocery store. He subconsciously bit his lip when he wondered what he would think when he told him he had nine pups at home. “You were quite sexy with two pups on your hips yesterday.”
“Let’s at least give them until after breakfast.” John pulled the eggs off the stove. He scooped them from the pan and into a bowl.
“Mary and I haven’t decided yet. But we like the idea of running a bakery together.” John grinned as he gave his twin sister Claire a high five.
Castiel straightened himself to full height. He put his hands on Dean’s shoulders. He rumbled possessively. They hadn’t talked much of this alpha but they’d talked enough for him to know who this was.
Frank laughed until he snorted. “She loves pups so much she says that to like every other mum… but, don’t tell her I told you that.”
“With the way things have been the past couple of weeks…” John shook his head. He already had an idea what was going on. “There’s just something about not wanting to see ones parent naked with their ass in the air,” he gave a dry laugh, “so no.”
“Wow!” Castiel scrunched up his nose. “I think the only thing I don’t smell is orgy.” He left the door wide open and went to open the windows. “At least the house looks clean…” He had nothing to apologize for, but he gave Dean an apologetic look.
“Later I’ll show you one but not at the dinner table. That way you can see for yourself.” John nuzzled his brothers neck and head playfully to cheer him up.
twins Jack (o) (teacher) and Claire (o) (house wife) 22y, Amelia (a) (detective) 18y, Betty (a) (military) 16y, twins Dawn (o) (clothing designer) and Twila (o) (clothing designer) 14y, Suzy (health care) 10y, Nathan (fire fighter) 8y, and Keith 4y
“Yes sir,” Arthur grinned. “He tells me you’re eight,” after a nod of the pups head he continued, “we have a weekend volunteer program. On a good day you’ll get to see the uniforms, the trucks, help with some easy stuff, play some basketball, and eat lunch with the crew.”
Betty let out a small whine as she looked back at her dad. She grabbed Frank’s hand and pulled him from the room.
“You’re not. If my x mate had her pups at home and not at the hospital I’d be just as attached to the master… I was attached to the house because our family grew in the home. A lot happens in a home. First meals. First walks. First dates. Etc.”
“Welcome. I just don’t get how you can’t know after living in such a small space for a couple years.”
“I was that way with a couple of mine,” Dean chuckled. “Don’t let this experience stop you from having more. I promise it’s worth it.” He rubbed the bump. “Throwing up and being a zombie aside I actually like being pregnant.” He yawned and stretched. “I’ve never been this tired… not even when I was carrying twins.”
Castiel pulled Dean as much into his lap as he could. He nuzzled around his neck as he massaged his shoulders. “You feeling okay?”
Castiel nodded his head toward Kenny as he wrapped his arms around Dean. He nuzzled Dean’s neck and breathed deeply. “I’ve missed this,” he whispered it low enough so that it stayed private. It was one thing to smell Dean around the house, it was another to be wrapped up in him. He ran his fingers through Dean’s hair.
“Margaret, Nikki have you two had any luck with that game on our phones?” Kenny asked curiously. The game had been there since their dad had passed away. It was full of puzzles and crazy hard. Most of the time they had to work together. A few times though someone would solve a level on their own and share.
“I would hope they’d respect him.” Dean stood up and stretched. He had gotten up an hour or so ago and already he was ready to go back to bed. “This wasn’t what I expected to come home to… I guess overall it wasn’t that bad.” He rubbed his temples.
Half the restaurant staff poured into the room. Quickly clearing away the empty plates and making room for bowls of ice cream to be put down in front of everyone. The last touch was three small cakes, appropriately placed in front of Suzy, Dawn, and Twila.
“I was two years older than you and in a similar pair of shoes…” Dean glanced at them. “It’s why I preach birth control and condoms… but, I guess you wouldn’t have condoms rolling around in the woods.” He laughed.
“Can you imagine all the crazy crap we’ll be eating.” Betty said as she watched Frank eat the tomatoes as if they were high dollar candy you could buy in the store.
Dean slid on the river rocks but caught himself. He darted forward to the point he was ankle deep in the water. It was too deep to run across. He couldn’t go back. He knew turning either direction would slow him down. He mentally cursed himself for being tricked. This was something he’d normally do.
The waitress repeated as she quickly wrote down: three Lemonades, five  Sprite, one Mt Dew, six Sweet Teas, three Cokes, one Dr Pepper, and one Root Beer. “Sounds good.” She gave a large smile. “I’m going to put in your order for  fried pickles, cheese balls, and chips with salsa. I’ll be right back with your drinks.”
Betty looked at them both, this time with a bit more confidence. She squeezed Frank’s hand. “I’m going to finish this school year. Then get my GED. I’ll have to work twice as hard to be accepted as a marine, but I’m confident.”
“I haven’t lost control like that since I popped my first knot,” Castiel mumbled against Dean’s sweaty back. There was a hit of embarrassment in his voice. He was still trying to catch his breath.
Castiel stepped behind him, and wrapped his arms around him lovingly. “The end result is beautiful.”
“Okay. But don’t tell anyone!” Margaret put her finger to her lips. “Mom doesn’t even know about it… at least I don’t think so.”
“Probably not. We’re estranged. My choice of career isn’t the only thing that makes me the odd sheep.” Castiel sighed. “They felt my x sleeping with a younger alpha was my fault. They blamed everything from my job to my bedroom performance.”
* I apologize for the confusion about some names in past chapters. My other half and I talk a lot about this fic and it’s characters. So much so that when we go to edit we just naturally read it as the characters it’s suppose to be. If you’d be interested in giving it a read over before it gets posted let me know. I’m not opposed to another set of eyes giving it a once over.
Like an excited pup Castiel practically ran up to Dean. He grabbed his hand and squeezed it tight. “I got it!” He enthusiastically pulled him toward the room that held the bed. He couldn’t wait another minute to show off the bed frame that he’d procured.
“Nothing sweetheart. Someone new.” Dean said as he found his feet carrying him to the smell. He wanted to meet this stranger, get a look. He was very much intrigued, smitten even with the smell alone. This was risky with eight pups by two other alphas. But if this was his mate, his alpha there wasn’t any denying it or delaying it.
Castiel slid into the booth of the motor home. It had been a long but productive day. “I’ve got it all worked out with Donatello and the moving company and everything will arrive two days after us.”
“Can’t wait,” Dean purred and squeezed. He then took a step back, and winked playfully. He took a deep breath, and opened his bedroom door. Standing just inside he inhaled deeply. Thankfully it smelled nothing like the living room.
“The only thing I hate about this tradition is personally smelling like a damn forest,” Mary grumbled as she pulled out some clothes that had been laying out at the campsite for the past week.
“Dean last I checked you’ve got eight beautiful pups running around upstairs. Things aren’t loose because you ate an extra box of donuts while watching to much Netflix-”
“Your biological alpha is downstairs and would like to meet you. He wants to do right by you going forward. I’m not forcing you. If you want me to I’ll tell him to leave.” Dean braced himself.
Dean patted Margaret on the head when she gave him a huge grin. She was very proud of the tooth she had lost a couple days ago. “Mind your manors.” He reminded her.
“I’ve never had one quite like that before.” Dean sat on the bed. “I don’t know what was worse. Frank’s mom or Crowley showing up.”
“Anyways.” Dean rolled his eyes. “Mary and John are up stairs waiting for you. You all run along and find them. They’ll take you to your rooms, and help you get settled in. This house was designed for omegas specifically. Each room has four alcoves for personal space and sleeping. You can draw a curtain for privacy. In the center of the room in front of a fire is a nice cozy area good for cuddling. So we’ve got plenty of space for everyone.”
“This is from me,” Castiel said once they were outside. He pulled a small wrinkled package from his pocket of his trench coat. “I’m not the best at wrapping, or at this sort of thing in general-”
“It’s perfect,” John gave his twin the thumbs up. “We should give Alex and Nikki a once over so they don’t look like two dirt balls…”
“My apologies if I offended any of you gentlemen, especially you Castiel. I wasn’t asking for my own gain.” Crowley carefully snuck glances around the room. He was careful to keep his eyes on the Alpha’s in front of him.
Dean had moved himself to one of the empty rooms upstairs. He’d been there for a few days, no more than an emotional moody lump content to hiss and snarl at Castiel in protest to having his room torn apart. The omegas wordlessly snuggled up against their mom.
Dean’s heart raced as he watched Castiel all but wrestle with the buck. He drew back a bit to avoid contact himself. His heart skipped a beat. He’d never been brought a live deer before. They’d always been dropped before him or dragged to him. His mind was reeling with thoughts that Castiel could be the first person to genuinely catch him. He had been clever enough to snare (and not kill) the deer. Strong enough to bring the deer back to him.
“Thank you,” Dean sat up and took the coffee. He wrapped both hands around the cup, and used it to warm them up. He inhaled deeply, “Smells heavenly.”
“Marvelous!” Donatello clapped. “I’m so pleased this bed is going to someone who understands it’s purpose,” he winked. “More than a little happy it won’t be in some stuffy museum collection.” He held out his hand to Dean. “I’m Donatello. How do you know so much? Are you a collector?”
Dean finished giving his pups a group hug. He stood back, and looked at them. He couldn’t lie if he wanted to- he was more than a little nervous. With the exceptions of day trips he hadn’t left his pups ever! “Screw the rule of under ‘eighteen listens to anyone over eighteen’- it’s ‘listen to who’s presented and sounds like they’ve got an ounce of common sense’.”
“Okay. So you kept their supplies to a minimum… and, you don’t know if their cycles are a shit show.” Dean gave a thumbs up. “I’ll get with them and do the asking.”
With Castiel’s hands occupied with groping and dipping fingers in Dean’s ass and Dean clawing and hanging on to him for dear life he had to do a number of things to get their cocks some attention. He angled, rocked, and rutted- none of it was enough.
Castiel looked at Dean. Who knew better than them that life was messy and complicated. This was anything but an ideal situation, but making a fuss wasn’t going to make things better. He sighed. “So what do you two want to do?”
“Betty started courting me her second day at school. I know she wants to go into the military and I support that.” Frank gave a shy smile toward Betty. “I’m going to finish school and find work.”
Kenny yipped like a newborn pup. He pawed feebly at the fingers that gripped him like a vice. Dug his heels best he could. His struggling was pointless against Castiel’s hold. There was no getting out of it, or turning things around. “This is your fault,” he snarled.
“That’s what I was going to say!” Suzy said with some to almost no protest. “Let’s work together!” She said as she smiled toward Margaret.
Nathan glanced from his mom who had been half listening back to Arthur. “Yes sir,” he nodded his head. He was certain that at this point in time he didn’t want pups of his own… however, he hadn’t presented or found a partner. If he presented omega his choice affected his partner just as much as himself. “When can I start.”
“Keep Claire and me outa this. Us and our friends were watching Keith, Kristina, and their friends.” Jack said defensively as he held up his hands. The last thing he wanted was his dad alpha anger and voice.
“It will all work out.” Frank grabbed the kettle from Dean. “Go call um’ in so they get it while it’s hot.”
“We’ll eventually have our first pup in here,” Dean grinned. “I’m sure we can manage a few other firsts as well if we think outside the box.
“I admit I’ve let myself go a bit since I’ve retired,” Castiel moaned as he melted into Dean’s touch. Only tensing when he’d hit a particularly sore spot. “Maybe I need to set up a gym, and get back in shape before I can’t keep up with our ambitious pups.”
“No further discussions about what got us here. We don’t have time for a round two or three.” Dean said as he cuddled into him. “Besides my knees and elbows are already threatening to murder me.”
“Takes one to know one” as if the room was full of people and Dean wanted to keep a secret between them, he leaned close and whispered into Castiel’s ear, “If we didn’t have a dinner guest coming in an hour I’d be begging for a knot.”
Castiel growled as he grabbed Kenny by the back of the neck. “Your mom said to cool the fuck off!” He dragged the boy toward the back door. Since he didn’t want to listen he was going to give him the garden hose.
After a quick prayer of thanks, Castiel started field dressing the buck. It had been a while and he was far from perfect, even with the refresher videos he’d watched. He inwardly grimaced at the thought of making a mess of this.
“I get pregnant and my head goes in a trash can and toilet. You get pregnant and you get tired.” Frank frowned. “You know that’s not fair… right,” he grumbled.
“We weren’t dealing with kinder-pups.” Dean slid over to a different sink to get the chicken washed up. “Nothing… I repeat nothing… goes to plan when you take a pup under five.” He rolled his eyes. “Doesn’t matter how well behaved they are. It’s just like some unspoken rule of nature.”
They both ignored the buzz of the cell phone indicating a phone call followed by a voice message then a text message. What would they have said anyways? I’m busy eating your moms ass / sucking your dads cock… I’ll call back in ten minutes? Because that was most assuredly not going on their voice mail. Absolutely not. Even though with the way things were going maybe it should.
Dean glanced over his shoulder. “This isn’t some new home. It’s lived in.” He hissed. “Setting all that aside, you’ve disrespected my space by allowing others into it that I don’t know and didn’t approve of.” He didn’t let go of the gift. He discreetly sniffed it. He then went back to ignoring Castiel.
“Hello Winchester’s,” Castiel smiled politely. “We’re the Novak’s,” he motioned to his nine pups. They were unkempt, but they were happy none the less.
Dean stared at the water kettle on the stove from his seat. He swore in this last week and a half that his schedule was sleep and sleep. Anything done outside of sleep was done while sleeping- sleep eat, sleep raise the pups, sleep sex, etc…
Dean’s response was a squeak as he made it easier for Castiel. His head lulled back as he ran his fingers through his hair.
“I think the best one was when we all somehow thought to give each other vibrators and pocket sleeves as Christmas gifts.” Amelia laughed.
“Me too,” Dean mumbled. The pups were good at cuddling but when it came down to it, it wasn’t the same as this. After a few moments of comfortably scenting and nuzzling one another he let Castiel lead him to the their Master bedroom.
Dean was floored. He knew Frank’s mom was a bit out there on more than a few traditions but this was ridiculous. This pup was barely pushing seventeen. “So your mom didn’t offer you any morning after herbs?” He had to confirm because it was just that absurd.
Sophia looked sour for a moment before smiling. “You’ll be by the shop before long then for vitamins I take it.”
“Stay,” Castiel mumbled as he grabbed Dean’s hand the moment he felt him start to leave the bed. “I’ve got what you need.” His attempts to sound seductive masked by sleep.
Dean motioned him inside. “They’re half way to nineteen. It’s not my business to tell them what they can and cannot do. It’s up to them.” He closed the door behind him. “This is Castiel my mate, police chief Fitzgerald, and fire chief Ketch.” He motioned respectively to the corresponding alpha. “They aren’t the only alphas in house you’ll have to contend with if you do something foolish.” With that said he left for the study.
Kenny finally spoke up, “it’s an older tradition. Dad said next hunt we’ll all be participating. The alphas are to provide their chosen omega with a deer or similar kill large enough to sustain the family during the trip. The omega if they accept what’s been presented to them will run. The run itself is to align and heighten the respective heat and rut… allowing for a successful catch.” He went over the general basics more for his newer brothers and sisters since they didn’t seem to know the tradition.
Arthur stepped in and once the door was shut he drew in a deep breath. “Dean’s at it again,” he grinned. “The house smells amazing and I’m not just talking about Thanksgiving dinner. Hint sweeter than usual.”
* The ending scene I was going for a scenting make out scene. Hope it worked. I figured it would be a step before officially making out.
Castiel ran his fingers though Dean’s hair and smiled. “I’m lucky as well. You don’t have to love and treat mine as your own, but you do.” He kissed him gently.
“It’s my way of presenting you with a ‘home’.” Castiel sighed. “If we moved in somewhere new it would have gone through a similar process.”
Dean rested his head in his hands and mumbled, “might eat tonight. And, you wonder why I never suggest us going out.” He gave a small laugh. He really didn’t mind. He was glad they were having a good time.
“I know. I know. Trust me. I know how awful it sounds. Trust me when I say it have a chat with my pre-pregnant self about it all the time.”
Dean admired the feral look about Castiel. There was his alpha. He tangled his fingers in his hair and kissed him. He couldn’t wait to get out of this water so that they could scent each other properly.
“I think we can arrange that,” Arthur chuckled and patted him on the head. “Assuming you’re still interested- at the age of fourteen or when you present, whichever comes first, you can apply for the juniors program. You can skip it all together, but it’s there to ensure pups get a taste of the actual job before committing to the actual job.”
Dean couldn’t stop laughing. “If everyone is on board we’ll continue with this best day tradition where we go out for a family activity and then dinner.”
“There’s a bed frame I want to bid on. It’s around the age of this house.” Castiel moved one of his hands to run his fingers through Dean’s hair, and massaged his scalp. There was a rumble in his own chest to compliment Dean’s purr. “As for the room, most of it is in plenty fine. I won’t disrespect your memories and destroy pictures. They instead can be moved else where. I can tell the crib and rocker in the corner is worn with age. It smells of comfort and pride. Let’s refurbish it with some fresh stain and new cushion.”
“I saw on the internet that teenagers love this cat lately,” Cas offers as explanation. Dean just holds up his hands and smiles brightly.
“Right, but the house was next door to power lines, which can affect the read,” Sam counters. Now Dean, completely changed into his everyday clothing, sits down on his bed and leans forward a little bit while he thinks.
Castiel nods. He can understand that. He just told Jessica his big secret as well, and he appreciates it very much that she hasn’t spoken a word about it to anybody else.
“I have my orders, Winchester!” the girl explains. She points towards her chest as she continues speaking. “Find Dean Winchester, and make sure that the Prophecy is going to be followed through. Only then will I regain the free will I fought so hard to gain.”
“Agents, this is Cole Trenton, he’s a friend off Kit’s,” she introduces them. The man holds out his hand  towards Dean first, and then Cas.
“You got me there,” Dean says, winking at his friends. Castiel doesn’t intend on staying longer. After a quick affirmative towards Dean he heads to the restrooms. He knows he’s not going to puke, but his entire body is still having some sort of reaction on the cringe that happened just now. He leans against the sink, looks at his reflection, and starts wondering how he could have let things get this far. It would all just have been easier had he just told everything to his friends. Coming out isn’t that big of a deal, right? Sure, it’s terrifying, but Meg just threw it at him like it’s not even something worth mentioning. Maybe Castiel can try that the same way?
By the time evening falls, it’s already dark in Pontiac. Cars are quickly passing by to get home as soon as they can, and slowly, the streets are emptying. With fifteen minutes to spare, Dean enters the diner with the intention of buying himself some food. Nobody really says anything about it. Lauren sits herself back down in the car, tired of standing all the time. Sam comes to stand between the diner and the little night shop next to it, greeting the customers that come and go. Cas, though, leans back against the wall, unintentionally hiding himself. Some people that pass by startle when they suddenly see him standing there, but with a friendly nod Castiel calms them down again. There’s no need for them to be afraid of him. That’s not what he wants.
Staying in bed clearly isn’t a good idea, either. He gets up despite feeling as if he’s about the black out again any minute, and slowly but surely he makes his way to the bathroom where he fishes out some painkillers. It’s his own damn fault that he’s hurting, and he knows he deserves the headache, but he won’t be able to get
“On the, uh… animal attacks?” the sheriff of Hibbing asks. Sam nods again in agreement, but the cops still don’t seem convinced.
Also, there is now a Deanjimstiel version of this story, written by FelixMaroussia! Make sure to check it out if you want a different twist on the story ;-) I love it already! You can find it
expect a door,” Crowley says, looking at it in fascination. “And you’re sure you can get it open again?”
And then Dean starts to think about when he’s actually meeting the doctor next. It can’t be too far away, since he’s supposed to visit him once a month for the first twenty-eight weeks. After that, Linda said it’s best to visit once every two weeks up until the thirty-sixth week. After that, it’s weekly. And since it’s actually already been a month now since she last went, it’s probably better to go again, now, right?
He can see multiple Angels already looking at him, but so far, Josiel remains clueless, even appearing surprised at his answer.
There are some sounds around him, people grunting, somebody falling on the ground. Are there people fighting? Where is he, really?
Dean turns his head to the other side to catch the clock, finding that it’s three in the night. How can this even be so important? Though without any further complaints, Dean shifts himself in the bed until his arm is free enough for her to use. The woman walks closer with the device that gets his blood pressure. She puts the band around his arm, and warns him before she starts pumping the thing with air, making it tighten up around him.
“Hell yeah, I am!” Krissy says, standing up and striking some weird heroic pose. “We are going to play matchmakers these next two weeks.”
“It only feels like a few weeks ago since I last saw her,” Cas says. He leans his elbows on the railings and bends forward a little bit while digging through his mind. “Mary Campbell was the friendliest, kindest and most beautiful woman I’ve ever had the pleasure of meeting.”
“I know,” Cas answers shortly. He allows Jonah to press his face underneath his chin. Alan, too, leans forward and grabs his shirt in his tiny little hands. Dean’s heart aches at the sight. The twins didn’t use to cry much, but lately, they seem to be triggered quite a lot. Their senses have probably evolved quite a bit.
“Where do you want to go first?” Dean wonders out loud as he puts his hand in Cas’s, getting pulled up as well before the two of them move in the room. They make their way to the stairs, but Cas remains quiet for now. There’s a smirk on his face, though, and Dean catches the small tube in his other hand. Normally they won’t really need it since they had sex yesterday as well, but using too much can never hurt.
“Dude, no!” Kevin mutters. Castiel quickly comes to realize Kevin doesn’t even know Ben all that well. He’s only been made aware of the teenager’s presence the moment they came back from Dean last evening. The two hardly even spoke to each other. “Claire’s just a friend.”
? You’re all bitten.” Sam smirks a little, probably because he thinks he’s outsmarting a werewolf about werewolf lore. What an idiot.
After that last sentence, Dean hesitates a little bit before pressing the button to hang up and send the message. There isn’t anything else he can say to her, but if she doesn’t answer, he could at least try calling her again in a few hours.
“Yeah, okay,” Sam says gesturing the man to continue. He hasn’t seen another Angel since Castiel got banished from Heaven. He has to admit he’s kind of surprised to see these two here, in the same inn Dean and Castiel are staying at.
Castiel doesn’t answer when Metatron stops speaking, simply because he has nothing to add. Or maybe that’s not true; he does still want to know why he was chosen for this task. Why did it have to be Castiel?
“Bye Cas,” he says then before following his brother back into the hallway. Castiel silently growls as he watches the door closing, muttering a small ‘My name is Castiel’ before turning back to the piano. Then, after ten minutes of just staring ahead, he gets back to the piano, continuing his practice on the Rachmaninov-piece, once again getting his source of emotion from his anger towards Dean.
September turns into October. They celebrate Halloween by letting the students dress up and invent some sort of show for their parents. Dean even teaches the older kids how to perform some tricks he’s sure they can manage. It must have been one of the best lessons they’ve had that year, and many pictures have been taken from it.
After putting his phone to the side, Dean grabs his coat and decides it’s better to just head home now. Surely Jimmy will be there soon.
Somehow, these words come on hard. It kind of feels like Cas is giving up on them, like he just doesn’t want to make the effort of making things up. Dean feels his heart break in tiny little bits, almost wondering if he’s going to suggest they take some time apart. He doesn’t want to think of what Cas might mean with this conversation.
have you returned?” she asks. Gabriel can almost curse; he’s still not back to full strength, so there’s no chance of him fighting her off. Whatever she’s drawing her power from, it’s really strong. She could almost match an Archangel.
It’s three more days until Dean is allowed to leave his room. With Sam’s help, he’s put down on the wheelchair. His IV and urine-bag – yeah, that damn catheter is still there, sadly – are put safely on their designated hooks, and after that he’s brought to the elevator, and they’re making their way to the twins.
“Just fine? You’ve been snappy all trip, Dean,” he says. He crosses his arms and raises an eyebrow at his brother. Dean just rolls his eyes.
Castiel shakes his head. “Water would be fine, thank you,” he says. Charles nods and hurries back into the kitchen. Amara just laughs.
“Hello, Dean, I’m glad you’re here,” Cas says. Dean just pats him on the shoulder a few times before pulling away, and then he catches the two girls from earlier, still freaking out over their picture.
“You’re like, what… fourteen years old?” Sam continues as if Dean didn’t interrupt him at all. Cas just makes an uncomfortable shrug. “How does it even feel?”
“So he’s a so-called ‘Angel’, and he fights with a magic sword, and his brother Lucifer is trying to destroy the world. Sounds to me like a cheap super-hero movie, but you know I love those.”
“Best to lie down on your left side. Just take your time,” she says as she puts down all her materials on the moveable nightstand and starts scrubbing her hands. There’s nothing much more Dean can do about it, really, so he just complies right after finally removing his pants.
Nothing happens. More often than not Lauren closes her eyes to try and catch up on sleep, but most of the time she just yearns to start a conversation with Sam. She doesn’t know what to tell him, or what they could possibly talk about, so she stays quiet.
It looks like Cas is about to say anything else when somebody catches their attention behind them. Both Sam and Cas turn around, finding Anna standing there with a saddened face. She doesn’t have to say anything, only has to shake her head, and that’s explanation enough of what has happened.
Behind her, she can hear the rustling of the sheets as Sam shifts a bit. He probably sits up, sensing that they’re going to have a long conversation.
And now the Angel looks back at Dean with a fond expression in his eyes, giving him a little smile in return. Is it Sam, or is he blushing? Do Angels even blush? What the hell is happening here?
Dean knows he’s babbling. He’s nervous, he feels hungry but nauseated at the same time, and right now he’d rather just go back to bed and have a staring session with Cas. There’s not even need for sex, all he wants is his Angel’s presence.
Afterwards, Cas had posted a picture of himself with his medal, thanking everybody who cheered for him. Dean of course liked the picture.
“Hello my dear watchers. Huh, why is it that I suddenly can’t find any way to open this video? It almost makes it look like I’m going to bring bad news,” Castiel says when his face appears on the screen. He’s got his hand behind his head, scratching his neck and seeming quite a bit nervous. It’s quite a recurring theme; in half of his videos Castiel looks as nervous as on the first video he ever appeared, but then in others he’s just as casual as if he would be talking to a best friend.
“Why would you even have skates like these, Dean?” Jimmy asks in confusion. He doesn’t even look like he’s teasing, so Dean feels something uneasy passing through him. He looks down again and clears his throat.
“What has she done to you?” Jess asks while she caresses his skin by moving her thumb up and down. Dean leans in to her touch for a moment, but when he tries to talk nothing comes out of his mouth.
Dean starts shaking his head in denial. This is all just a bad dream. There has never been a test, the nausea is just a bug he’s caught after a previous hunt. There is no way that there’s an actual baby growing inside of him.
Only a few months ago, Cas had been able to cure almost anything with just a touch of his fingers. Now he can barely cure a cut, and he ends up knocked out by even trying that. It must be horrible not to be able to do anything that can help, anymore.
Which is the problem right there, isn’t it? For all that it feels right to be together, their relationship might have been pushed to a level that they weren’t ready for. Maybe it’s best if they take a few steps back?
“Look who’s here!” suddenly Jimmy calls out, and all the kids look up in surprise. One by one, they get off from the meat pile, and eventually, Dean finds the strength – and breath – to get himself up again. When he looks up, he can see all the kids quickly making their way to Jimmy and his brother, who is now standing next to him, looking awfully small without skates on.
Marie is busy straightening Kristen’s wings. The girl looks nervous as well. Dean can see how she’s holding hands with her girlfriend – the girl playing
“Yeah, I’m fine. It’s just, I think I remember something more about the Prophecy,” Kevin reveals. He goes to drink from his cup of coffee again, and when he finds it cold he makes a disgusted face and puts it back down. “I think it’s about a new God, replacing the current one.”
So Dean doesn’t answer, but instead quickens his steps in the warm sand. Pablo’s renting shop is coming closer with every move he makes, and he can already see little Jesse beg his mother to run to his father and uncle. Dean remembers when Emma had been so enthusiastic about everything.
It all comes out in one take of breath, and Sam finds himself gasping for air at the end. Lauren doesn’t answer, but just keeps on staring at him. Her mouth is put into a thin line, and her breathing is a bit louder than normal.
“She says we can move,” Cas explains, and everybody immediately jumps into action. Sam gets up from the bed, and the nurse, who has been awfully silent the entire time, hurries to the other side and loosens the breaks. Everybody comes to stand on a side, pushing forward while Cas quickly reaches for the doorhandle to let them through.
“Tuh-tuh-tuh, you know my groove by now, baby!” Dean corrects her with a fake layer of disappointment in his voice. Chevy doesn’t answer when she knows she’s defeated, but instead she brings him a path that is cleared for takeoff, and like usual Dean starts up the thrusters, and he’s on his way out of the building.
“We can have a family, Cas,” Dean then whispers to him. “It’s what we’ve wanted for a long time, now.”
“Oh, I don’t know. He’s muscular and divine and all, but, you know, too manly for my taste,” Dean mutters out in response, earning him an eyeroll from his brother, who is opening the door to the lab for them.
Great, now Dean doesn’t have to pay to get in, either. This is good. He quickly skates to the side, feeling that he still has quite a lot of frustration inside of him. He might be able to skate it off on the ice, instead. He just hopes Cas isn’t going to ask him to try out the jumps again.
She started smoking without even needing to get used to it, which could probably mean that she used to be a smoker in the past. It only started again for her when a woman at the bar offered her a pull from her own. Something stirred inside of her, reminding her that her body likes it, and since then she’s on it again.
Dean and Sam seem to agree on their hesitation, though. They both haven’t forgotten their previous conversation about Lauren last participation on a hunt. They know she can handle herself, alright, but she’s just… scary.
When Castiel got in the car, they simply greeted shortly, nodding at each other and then they didn’t say anything again. This time Dean kept the music on, but just on low volume, and Castiel was tapping his fingers along with the beat. His expression was a neutral one, so Dean wasn’t really sure what the man was thinking.
“I can only assume that it’s Lauren?” he asks, completely interested in the matter. Sam doesn’t really feel like lying about it. He simply shrugs in defeat.
“Well, does Cas feel comfortable around children?” Dean asked, knowing very well that they didn’t mean any of this. Jimmy would never ask his brother to take over one of his lessons.
“Yeah, it was bound to happen sooner or later,” he admits, thinking back of those months they’ve danced around each other, avoiding one another because they ‘couldn’t stand each other’. Sam drops his head on the table and groans loudly.
“Please, Dean, I need you,” Castiel mutters to him, already baring his wings for Dean. Dean speeds up his movements, then, willing to give Castiel whatever he wants. Castiel’s breath speeds up, his eyes start to glow so he closes them, and his wings are uncontrollably trying to reach Dean’s hands, willing the hunter to offer him the release he’s chasing.
“My heart melts, you two are just adorable,” she calls out loud. Dean scowls, not really keen on being called ‘adorable’ by anybody. Not even Jimmy should be allowed to say something like that. Annie, though, seems to notice his look and she slaps him on the arm. “Honey, get over yourself. I know a great pair when I see one.”
“I’ll, uh, text you her number,” Castiel suddenly says once Dean’s at the door opening. The hunter turns around towards his husband in a small nod.
It’s good, the fact that Bobby did this for him. He remembers the tension that was there when Sam and Charlie came by, the way Charlie couldn’t really seem to stand being near him. Castiel could understand it; she and Dorothy are the only gay people at the school that have publicly come out with it. And she told Castiel multiple times that he should never be afraid to tell her anything.
Dean doesn’t dare to eat anything yet, despite his hunger, and settles with a glass of water, which he’d mostly wouldn’t have to drink either since there has been a day that he even puked out all of the water he’d drank at the time. He’d rather have not to repeat that, at all.
Dean scrapes his throat for one last time, but this time more out of embarrassment. This really isn’t something they should be discussing where the others are.
“I saw him rolling Colette’s body in a rug,” she gets out. Dean recalls the name Colette; it’s that other maid the butler talked about a few hours earlier.
“I’m fine,” he returns after a while. “Let’s just go? I’m sure Jo has already fallen asleep in the living room.”
“Cas? Can you help me take the rest from the kitchen please?” Dean asks the moment he sees Castiel standing there. He gives him a wink and nods towards the kitchen. Castiel nods immediately and ignores the looks he’s getting from his brothers. Surely, they must not be as oblivious as his parents, right? They must be aware of their relationship?
“Oh yeah,” the man says in a low but smug voice. He has an annoying grin that doesn’t match up with his fangs, so he looks extra ridiculous. “For a while now, actually.”
“Listen, you two are on your honeymoon; that’s no time to listen to my problems. Just enjoy your time together and come back home safely, okay?” Sam says, noticing how Dean practically glows when Sam says ‘home’ for what would probably be the first time.
“’scuse me, miss, but have you seen two weirdo’s around here? Calling themselves the Ghostfacers?” he says, spitting out the name he never wants to hear again. The girls nods lightly and points them to a booth a little further away where two men are seated in a discussion over their phones. Harry is wearing this weird training suit with an annoying blue color. With a quick thanks they move forward again. They don’t make any introductions or whatever, instead choosing to just slide in with them, to their surprise.
Gabriel is shouting orders at every Angel currently inside of the building. As it turns out, with the bunker locked down, the Angels can leave the place as they choose, but they won’t be able to get inside again without clearing the area of all possible danger, which is probably the few thousand of Angels probably roaming the Earth as they look for them.
“Sorry,” Dean apologizes. Castiel just rolls his eyes – which, hey, he learned from him! He wants to throw a remark at him, but then at that moment Castiel’s fingers seem to find their intended target. Once again Dean bites his lip to keep himself from shouting. Or groaning. Or making any other noise that might be considered embarrassing.
He feels great. Sure, there’s a strong chance that he might have lose Wind as his best friend and possible boyfriend, but the fact that he got to meet his father, and that they don’t differ all that much… Castiel still can’t believe his family is so great.
more drunk than Castiel is. That, or the ice skater manages to keep it hidden with his experience on the rink.
“Are these your first?” the nurse asks casually, obviously trying to calm Castiel down. The Angel takes a look at his hands, finding he’s been scrubbing them like a madman. His fingers are red and stinging. Quickly, he lets go of the soap, and he washes it off with water before accepting the paper towels he receives from the nurse.
Once again Dean is reminded why he hates shopping that much. Especially when it’s full of other people who keep on blocking the way with their slow pacing and hurling children who are angry that they’re not getting the toy they wanted.
“I have learned so much down there, you wouldn’t believe it,” Metatron says, voice smug and thick with enthusiasm. The two guards turn to look at him for a moment, but they don’t speak. They haven’t opened their mouths ever since they came to pick him up back on Earth, and that exchange hasn’t been elaborated to begin with.
“Hey Linda,” Dean greets the woman. She turns her head towards him for a second, and a smile immediately shows on her face. It’s not a very convincing smile; she’s probably worried about Kevin being out for that long.
“Listen Lau, I’m so sorry about everything. You’re right, I should have told you right away, and what I did was selfish, and if I could go back now I would change everything. I just, I miss you so much.”
"Yeah, because it's so hard to pick up the phone and give me a call," Castiel returns, ignoring Dean who is now crossing his arms in annoyance. So far, his first impression with this Castiel Novak isn't really the best one. He's heard so much about him, but it turns out the guy is actually quite grumpy.
“Why have you brought me here?” Crowley asks once he takes in the abandoned living room of the house they’ve broke in to. Nobody lives here, but they shouldn’t draw too much attention, anyway. It wouldn’t do good to have the police coming here.
“Ah, yes, the human,” she speaks out, sounding degrading towards that last word. “So the rumors are true? That you’re having a romantic involvement with the Righteous Man?”
“Maybe it was an animal kill,” he tries. He doesn’t want Dean to hunt yet. Not now when he doesn’t know if he can take the same hits he used to. Still, Dean doesn’t give up.
When it comes to the bachelor party, Dean has offered to organize it, only to hear that it’s already been taken care of. All Dean knows is that he needs to go to the roadhouse, two evenings before the wedding. Dean can agree on that, really.
“You knew about this?” the Captain asks. Wait, Cas? When did Sam give him a nickname? Did Dean just totally miss that part?
The light travels around her, brushing over her legs, arms, neck, everywhere. It feels warm and comfortable even, and it feels just perfect when the light enters her stomach, settling somewhere inside her. She feels safe and protected all of the sudden, and there’s this voice inside of her head now talking to her.
Dean wants to help, he really does. It’s been almost more than two weeks since that strange, unexplainable night he had with Cas, and so far he hadn’t felt anything out of the ordinary that could be considered a side effect. At first he even thought he’d was lucky this time around.
She told him about how they cried, and told the people not to take them away. But after that, they never saw Charles again. And by the time that Bobby married Ellen, and Jo joined their little group, the idea of seeing their biological father just… disappeared. Castiel barely even knew him, after all.
“I think I’ll have to bring back that cellphone-bowl,” Ellen mutters, putting her hand on her forehead.
“That we are not alright at the moment,” the Angel clarifies. “We haven’t been since after our honeymoon, and as long as you’re not back to your old self, I don’t think we can really get to the way we were before.”
In fact, she doesn’t even want to try anything. She just wants to dance, hook up with the hot girl she met a few months back and have fun.
“Remember when we were kids that spring in upstate New York? Dad was on a rugaru hunt,” Dean tells Sam. Castiel understands that this is something he wouldn’t know about, so he keeps in the background. “We uh, we crashed at the, uh…” Dean seems to think for a moment before he continues, “…the bungalow colony with the ping-pong table?”
Everybody in the bunker felt the frustration hanging in the air. Sam and Lauren successfully managed to stop the vampires they found, but they turned out not to be the ones they were looking for, meaning that they still have to continue their search.
“Bunny LaWho?” Sam asks again. Castiel hands the phone back to Dean, who opens up the screen of the phone to search back through the messages.
After a quick goodnight, Castiel turns so his back is facing Dean. He doesn’t dare to look over his shoulder to see if Dean is already asleep, so he just throws his covers over his head when he takes out his phone.
Cas moves the way Dean remembers; gracefully and elegant. But the few times they get a close-up of his face, Dean does notice what seems like a frown on his face. He doesn’t look happy, nor at peace. It’s mostly as if he’s fighting his way through it.
The finger on Castiel’s lips drops back down again, instead travelling to the Angel’s cheek. Dean’s whole palm rests against it, thumb making smooth circles on his skin. Castiel lets out a long breath.
“I’m dying,” comes out once more before he hunches forward to gasp for breath. This is it, it’s final. He’s dying. Charlie knows, it’s no longer just a fact in his mind. She knows he’s going to die. He can’t deny it anymore.
“Well, we’re waiting for you, now, sourpuss,” Dean jokes. Cas chuckles behind him while Sam just lets out an actual growl of annoyance. Eventually he does join them on the stairs and before they know it they’re outside, where Sam has already put the Impala ready for their drive.
“Oh, please, no!” Kevin groans out, copying Dean’s pose and pressing his head on the table. Crowley just ignores him.
After that Bobby closes the door again. Castiel sighs, feeling embarrassed at the idea that Bobby even thought he was- no, he wouldn’t. At least not while people are still awake, that is.
“Just a few hours ago at drama,” Castiel counters dryly. Marv makes a weird noise Castiel doesn’t want to place. The boy just walks up to him, holding up his hands to indicate that he comes in peace. Why is he acting so weird?
As they near the building, he indicates at Claire that she should start painting. She fishes out he spray bottle and nods, heading towards a door to draw out a quick demon trap. When she finishes, she goes to the next door, and then the next. Sam hopes she doesn’t get into any trouble as she works. Like they agreed to, Ben starts pouring out salt around the building. He doesn’t know if they’ll manage to do the entire building, but they have to start somewhere.
“So, are they dead?” she asks Sam, who is kneeled down to Ben. The teenage boy is slowly opening his eyes as he comes back into the waking world. From the frown he’s showing, he’s clearly in some pain.
They practically forced him to wear contacts. It’s not that Castiel minds too much, but it’s more the fact that their exact goal seemed to be to make him appear older than he is.
The young girl next to him can only let out a laugh as she feels them against her hand. Her whole face lights up and before Dean knows it her ear is pressed against his body as she tries to listen to something.
He enters an open room. The only light coming from the moon shining through the broken windows. And there’s a mattress, on it a woman. She’s wearing a dirtied white dress, and as she sits up he gasps in surprise.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut while he thinks. He balls his fists, grits his teeth, hoping he’s wrong, that he’s just overreacting. Maybe this
But the worst part is that there are two figures standing in the middle of the room. Mr. Model, now with less beautiful white and straight teeth, and Lauren, standing there in only her underwear with her back pressed right against Mr. Model. He holds her tightly with one arm wrapped around her chest, and with the other he’s turned her head so her neck is bared. All over her face and body she has scratches that are bleeding, and she is sobbing quietly.
me stab her!” Ben cries out angrily. “You made me kill my own mother, and then one of you sons of bitches took her along!”
“So what, there’s a window so we will obviously not die of air deprivation,” Dean says as he thinks out loud.
“Put the gun down, we can talk about this, okay?” Sam says in his typical formal way. But after that, Dean’s sight seems to blur away for a moment. Once again he squeezes his eyes shut and he rubs through them to clear his view. Meanwhile, it seems like the sound around him starts to fade away.
, listening to Castiel and his reasons every day. He hates every minute spend with her; she listens, but more often than not she doesn’t respond at all. That could be the reason why it’s taking so long for him to finally get what he wants.
“She’s not my biggest fan,” Dean says when he explains that he’s not sure if he should go in. “She might not take kindly to my presence.”
“Do that again?” Dean asks, and Sam frowns. Why is Dean suddenly so much taller than him? And why does it feel like his pants are falling off?
“I’m sorry, did you say Gabriel? As in the dead Archangel Gabriel?” Dean asks unbelievingly. He already starts to walk towards Cas to take the sweaty shirt off of him. He should probably wash him with a wet cloth or something; wipe the blood off his face.
"You sure will, pal," Dean says, nodding at Hannah when she indicates that she's going to take him along. Dean notices more customers sitting at the bar, so he puts his attention to them and decides to forget about Castiel for now. He's sure he'll get another opportunity to get to know the guy, probably when he's not drunk.
“You know, I never thought the day would arrive where Dean would just willingly come along with me without complaining,” Death then says, turning back around and making a few steps forward. He rests on his cane when he stands still, looking as if he is in deep thought.
“Yes, my mistake was not tying Sam Winchester up before he banished me back upstairs,” Gabriel says while shrugging. “At least now I know where I went wrong, and I’ll do better next time.”
Luckily for him, on one of the shelves, there’s an old, dusted screwdriver – which, huh, comes in handy, Dean thinks. He takes the thing, stares at it in surprise, but then decides not to question his luck in finding one so easily. He returns to the computer where Sam is still comparing the warmth of the metal to another part of the machine.
“I’m sure there is, but what are you telling me for?” Castiel asks grumpily. When he makes his way back to the bed, Sam takes him by the arm to stop him.
For the whole night, Sam keeps himself busy with research. After learning the estimated date of Nadya’s death, Sam immediately heads towards the section of that time the moment he gets home (and makes sure that all the others are sound asleep).
It feels so good to have Cas back in his arms again. No, not just good; it feels literally perfect. Dean breathes in the familiar scent from the man in his arms, and presses his face in Cas’ hair. His arms tighten their hold even more than before. He barely notices the loud cheers around them.
“Well, that doesn’t have to be the case, you’re still young,” Castiel corrects her. He’s not ready for her to just give up like that. He can’t have that happening. What would it make of him if he just lets her go like that?
“I wasn’t going to,” Claire admits carefully. “I had a place I was staying but one of the people there… well, it didn’t end well so I left again.”
So they’ve all talked to each other before talking to Castiel. Who knows how long the post has already been on there?
“Yes, I, uh, I didn’t get much sleep last night,” he lies. He went to bed way too early, but Dean doesn’t need to know that. “I must have dozed off for a bit.”
“Then we get another Angel,” Cas counters bitterly. “We get hundreds of them, I don’t care, Dean! We don’t know what this pregnancy might do to you! No Angel does!”
The first of July Castiel has done the exam to show he has the stuff that is needed for this school. Without much ado they accepted him. One of the teachers has even come up to hum afterwards to announce that he’s going to request teaching him during their next meeting.
Dean is a bit taken aback when he suddenly catches the woman’s warm and fond look. Her eyes passes over Dean, Cas and Claire in a quick motion, probably making up some conclusions. Of course she notices the enormous belly Dean can no longer hide. Fond and happy looks are often the things he gets whenever people pass him by. It’s what being a future-parent does to others around you.
“Benny asked Andrea,” Charlie suddenly adds from behind them. Castiel and Jessica turn around, finding Charlie in full costume, wearing the white wig that fits her character. Her make up makes her look extremely old, which was exactly the point. “Victor is obviously taking his girlfriend.”
Some idiot actually pulled out his phone and put it on Youtube, making it actually trend with strategically placed hashtags. Castiel can’t really believe it.
“And that includes you,” Gabriel finishes. Once Metatron has taken so many steps back that he hits the wall, Gabriel’s fingers finally find his forehead. “Say byebye.”
them? Do you know the genders yet? Do they even know? What are they thinking most of the time?” The questions keep on coming, and Dean’s eyes widen again, unable to hold back an even wider grin.
“Well, we have our bad moments, but yeah, generally things are good right now.” That’s not a complete lie; it’s not like they are a disaster together. They still care for each other and would do probably everything to make things even better.
As it turns out, said situation is this: after miraculously pulling through a major open-heart surgery, where nobody even remembers Dean dying or even being a woman at first thanks to Gabriel messing with their brains, Dean still turns out to be severely underweight. The man explained that, despite surviving the surgery, Dean is still in a major danger zone and
“Cas, you know I would gladly do it,” Dean counters. Cas sits up again and throws him an unimpressed look
“My man’s getting jealous, how about that?” Dean jokes, earning him a light smack on the back of his head from Cas, who doesn’t lift his head from his husband’s shoulder at all.
Throughout the first half of the competition, Dean and Jimmy mostly discuss the things the other man did during his holiday. Dean, in turn, brings him up to date about the lessons he’s been giving the kids. They catch a bit from the competition, but mostly they’re just waiting for the second half to start.
“I think we should better go tonight,” Sam says. “But hey, to make things easier for you, I’ll go to my room. I need to call up with my brother, anyway.”
“I like you already,” she says, and then she holds out her hand. “I’m Pamela Barnes, and you are the twins Jimmy and Castiel Novak, am I right?”
But he can’t finish that sentence when he sees Bobby’s unimpressed look appear on his face. His arms are crossed, chin up, and his eyes are pointed directly to him.
“She’s playing you, Sam,” comes in return. “She’s taking something you care about and tries to get whatever she wants out of it. Even you must know that, whatever she wants the Colt for can’t be good.”
air again. There’s a light breeze going over his face and through his hair that almost makes him want to groan.
The following few classes are rather tiring. Drama is the worst of them all, with Marv shooting glares at him and Jessica doing the same thing. Charlie is just ignoring him.
“Right, okay,” Marie says, and then she turns away to join Siobhan inside the fake-Impala. Dean and Castiel come to join Sam back next to Maeve, and they wait for the scene to start. Dean is surprised when Castiel takes a hold of his hand. It’s a good sign, though. It means he’s moving on.
The shirt gets taken out of the bag, but remains on his desk. He doesn’t want to wear it, at one hand angry that Wind would just cowardly hang it out at his locker instead of giving it to him in person. He doesn’t store it in his closet, though, because it’s a reminder somehow. A reminder that Wind used to be a part of his life, that he knows Castiel, and in a way probably still cares.
“When’s your appointment with the doctor?” Sam then asks after a few minutes of silent eating. The hunter looks up from his computer screen to check with his brother or Castiel, but seeing as Dean his mouth is full – filled with disgusting food, may Dean add – it’s Castiel that answers.
“So you’re still mad I see?” he dares to ask, preparing himself for another speech about irresponsibility and whatever more he could come up with, but much to his surprise, Cas remains silent, scaringly quiet. His hands on the wheel are white though, obviously holding on too tightly.
“Yeah, that’s true! You didn’t think!” Dean interrupts him. “You never do, Cas, and that’s you problem!” His fingers are itching now. His chest starts to burn. His eyes sting even harder than before. But he just doesn’t care. “You could have been dead for all I know!”
He knows what this will mean to Lauren since she said so herself two nights ago; now that the vamps are gone, she’s going back to her old life, picking up her job and finding herself a new house. To keep it short, she’s going to leave them.
When he comes across the file of Clive Dillon, the first thing he reads is the name ‘Oz’. He barely manages to keep back a shout of happiness when he makes the connection, but he does throw his arms in the air in victory. Lauren looks up with a raised eyebrow. Charlie just frowns.
Dean never goes for it, though. Ellen strictly disapproves any sexual relationships with her customers, and it’s not like Dean really needs it. Sure, in his younger years back in high school, he jumped into bed with every willing girl, but the moment he arrived in Pontiac he decided to leave those days behind him.
“I am not sure why you do not remember this, Castiel. You were right there as well, just another figure in the background. How is it that now you have had a change of heart?”
Dean looks down at his own belly and immediately understands why she’s assuming just that, and he lets out a soft laugh. There’s no harm in talking to her, right? She hasn’t done anything, and she’s only trying to make conversation.
arrives, Cas is laid down on the empty bed next to Dean’s, and the man and nurse both start thoroughly cleaning the wound.
“Right, no sorry. I don’t have a record of it,” the guy answers. Dean notices how Brice eyes the sheriff carefully for a moment, obviously not believing a word the stuttering sheriff is saying. He seems to try and hide away behind his cup of coffee. “Speaking of, uh… Can you keep an eye on the expo for me, uh, deputy? I got to check in with the guys at animal control.”
I do so with a bit of bitterness, because I've been pretty proud about this one. Which is why I've downloaded multiple formats from the story. If anybody comes across this fic after it has been taken down and finds themselves curious, feel free to send me a message on my different platforms. I'll leave some links. If you want a copy of the story, I'll send it over to you.
They danced together at the reception in the end, and for a moment, Sam had forgotten that she would be leaving again. He held on to tight again, which made it even more heartbreaking when they had to part again.
Jimmy had asked Dean to go and get Castiel while Jimmy warmed up the pizza’s that had just arrived again. Dean had objected, said that he had promised not to push his brother again, but then Jimmy had just said that Cas had asked: “Is it possible that Dean comes to pick me up, then?” And okay, if Cas asked for it himself, it wouldn’t be that bad.
And when Dean tries to imagine a world without Cas, he finds that his heart flips over, leaving him with an empty feeling in his chest that seems to chew away the rest of his insides.  All he can think of is that hug they shared in Purgatory, those small conversations in the motel-room while Sam was out. The way he smiled at him when he said he wanted to become a Hunter back at the tank station. The smallest of touches they have shared in that way-too-short time they’ve spend together.
In the sheriff’s motel room they found a piece of paper with an address on it, which is where they’re headed next. The ride to it isn’t that long, and eventually even revealing an old farmhouse outside of town.
Hannah nods again, and Castiel decides to start with something simple. So he thinks of Sam Winchester, brave and strong. He thinks about how he admires the man, and how he has come to respect him. He thinks about the strong brotherly bond he shares with him, how he’s sure Sam would do anything for him. He can hear Hannah gasp for air in surprise, and the grip to his hands gets stronger. A small smile appears on his face.
Wait, light? Dean frowns and starts to look down, right at the same time when Cas calls out for them.
Inias smiles, clearly finding his distraction rather funny. “A Halloween party. Given that it’s Halloween in a few days?”
It’s the first thing he’s really aware of, and he can’t even remembering waking up. His eyes are still closed, he’s lying on something quite hard, and there’s just an intense pain in his head.
“I think I might have found something,” Sam tells him, positioning his right arm so he can continue scrolling once Kevin hands him the laptop back.
So far they’ve refreshed Dean’s memory of all the jumps he once learned but forgot. Then they tried more spinning, combinations and lots of other stuff. After the long four hours, at least they can say that Dean is right back again at where he stopped all those years ago.
“Dean, I need to tell you something,” Cas then says. He puts his hands on Dean’s arms and pulls him away slightly, making him sit down on the chair next to him. Dean can’t help but frown as he wonders what’s going to come, next.
Of course Castiel is talking about his blocked Grace. Hannah will have a better chance at defending herself with a fully-powered Angel by her side instead of a half-human-one. Dean finally looks up again to see Hannah’s face. There’s something in her expression that he recognizes, and he thought that he wouldn’t like it, but instead it makes him smirk. So
“Yes,” Gabriel answers Dean’s question truthfully, but it isn’t enough. Before Dean knows it he’s breathing heavily and his hands are stuck on his hair. He wonders if he’s squirming a lot next to Cas back in the real world.
Charlie snorts. “C, don’t tell me you’re not in the least curious?” she asks. Putting the phone away again, she picks up her brush again and drops it on the cardboard to start filling in the spots they’ve missed.
He feels an immediate wave of hatred for this Angel; they destroyed the universe. They chose Lucifer’s side and made sure eternal happiness became impossible for humans. He finds his hands immediately balled into fists and he takes a deep breath to calm himself down.
And then her finger is pressed against his lips, and he’s forced to stop talking. She doesn’t look angry, per se, but she doesn’t seem pleased, either. Sam then realizes what he was about to say, and he’s glad she made him stop. It would have been the wrong thing to say, especially right now.
, Dean’s just an ass who flirts with everything with breasts that moves, just like his good old daddy back in the day,” Meg offers as an answer. For a small second, Dean catches a glare directed towards the woman sitting behind the wheel, but it’s quickly hidden away again when the guy turns his head to the side, trying to hide his emotions.
He can hear Cas and Jimmy talking back in the living room, but he doesn’t join. He shouldn’t have fallen asleep, because now he won’t hear the end of it anymore. He’s pretty sure Jimmy is going to keep on using this opportunity to make fun of him for at least the next two years. He’s never been one to let things like that go, easily.
“But how do I wake up?” she asks to herself. She pinches herself in her arm to try it out, but that doesn’t have much effect. Eventually, she starts looking around, trying to find anything high she can jump off from. She hates heights, but she can’t come up with any other way to get awake.
Maybe he should just shut up? Cas is saying something again, but the buzzing gets louder once more. Dean’s eyes close as an intense wave of dizziness comes over him, and that’s indication enough that the next wave is coming soon.
“Why would she hate you? It’s not your fault that your father was an ass,” Cas mutters against his neck, with his lips slowly caressing his skin. Dean shivers from the soft contact, and then he gently turns his head to the side. His eyes barely make contact with Cas’.
“So, you like boys, then,” he states calmly. It doesn’t bother him at all, of course. Probably just took him by surprise a little bit. When Ben shrugs, it seems like the boy hasn’t really had a chance to discuss anything about it with anybody.
“Is that what it’s all about? You needed me knocked up?” Dean asks in an attempt to sound angry, but failing at it. To be really honest, he’s scared as hell.
The two brothers leave the control room without saying anything to the other. Sam hands Dean a tablet with all the research he has already done on this so-called tesseract – or rather, the research their father has done. Alfie had given them these documents when he came to fetch them, and though Dean has only skimmed these through rather quickly, Sam actually studied them during the flight to the Helicarrier.
"Maybe you should ask my brother, he tells you everything, anyway..." Castiel mutters out. Dean rolls his eyes, instead grabbing his cellphone and searching for Jimmy's number. He'd rather not disturb him, but if Castiel is going to be a child about it, he needs to improvise, and letting the guy stay at his place is out of the question.
“We’ve known for months,” Benny says, pointing at himself, Victor and Inias. The three grin proudly at their best friend, and Dean only rolls his eyes.
Dean is about ready to head to bed when suddenly he hears some sort of noise at the door; like somebody’s knocking. With a frown he gets to the corner of the room where they hide a shotgun in case of emergencies, and he holds it behind his back while he walks up the stairs. He doesn’t know who it could possibly be, but it can’t be good since nobody would walk around with this heavy snow in a strange place like this.
The four of them greet the man for a last time before leaving the office. Dean holds tight to his papers, Kevin checks his cellphone, and Castiel just seems to enjoy the silence that passes between them. The moment they get outside, they make their way to the car, parked a little further away from the building they just came out from.
“Bitch,” he returns, out of reflex. Then he realizes he’s not really talking to his brother. She doesn’t seem to mind, though, since she’s smiling widely.
Then Claire turns around so she can walk towards the window lightening up the whole room. Without thinking about it, Castiel follows her.
“Ah, come on, Cas!” Dean calls out once Cas is out of the room. Dean throws his hands in the air in frustration and starts running after him. Sam, annoyed beyond words, chases his brother in return.
And after that, they go their separate ways. Jimmy still has to teach his class, and Dean wants to get some workout done before the lessons are over.
“Oh no, you didn’t!” she calls out towards the other woman. Lauren nods wildly, pressing her bottle of beer against her lips to drink again. Dean waits for her queue, holding on to the microphone and tapping the rhythm with her feet.
Dean pulls Alan’s head away from his chest and inspects his youngest son for a few seconds, taking in the dark green eyes and the light color of the few hairs he has. There are already a few freckles on his cheeks, but not as many as Dean has. Right now, the baby looks back at him in fascination, not seeming even a single bit like he’s about to burst back into tears.
“I’m fine, I just used a bit too much of my Grace last night and it’s wearing me down,” the Angel explains almost in a whisper. “Dean and I had a fight. The twins didn’t like it.”
“Just this song,” he says, his mind going back to Wind, who adores this song. He smiles when they get to the chorus, thinking back of the time Wind asked him to be his King. These butterflies he feels in his stomach are so strong, it’s almost too much.
“Sir, your son is so polite,” she says to him, nodding towards Cas who’s already on his way to the Impala. Sam feels the color drain from his face, and tries not to imagine whatever this woman is implying.
“Eh, that place was no fun, anyway,” Dean says in return. She loves the fact that Lauren is even more drunk than she is. She poor woman can barely even stand. She really shouldn’t have been wearing those high heels; now she can’t seem to stop tripping over them.
Jimmy nods calmly. “And that’s because you don’t let us in,” he says. “You don’t tell us how you feel. You never did, and so it’s easy for us to make assumptions.”
“I know, it was just… an expression,” Dean says with a light shrug. Cas’ frown doesn’t go away, but he does lean forward a little bit again to rest his head against Dean’s shoulder. The two take a long breath, and simultaneously they start watching outside the window.
“I remember that year he lived with us. I didn’t, before the demon got to me. Back then, I just wanted to look at the man who caused me and my mother such pain.”
“Can you feel how the connection gets stronger every time we do that?” Castiel asks him quietly, and come to think of it, huh, he’s actually right. Dean
By the time his head has cleared enough for him to notice his surroundings again, Rowena is gone, and the three people on the ground start to wake up again.
But Dean can’t risk it, and besides; this guy is military. He’s trained for hand-to-hand combat and can probably manage on his own for a little hour.
Taking the catheter out had been necessary after Bela’s attack. Due to her forcibly pulling him out of the bed and throwing him around, the thing got disconnected to the bag and in turn wasn’t sterile anymore. When the nurses had called the doctor to ask if he would need a new one – which he had dreaded the entire phone call – the guy had told them to just remove it. On that specific day, the man had allowed for Dean to get out of the bed at last. Of course, Bela’s added injuries made that quite a difficult process, since moving hurt him in the chest even more than before.
“Oh, you can keep the bullets if that’s what you’re afraid of,” Rowena assures him. “I only need the gun.”
This time, the nursery is instead a bedroom fit for a seven-year-old boy; deep blue walls, fluorescent stars stuck on the ceiling, and multiple space-decorations all around. There’s nobody inside, though, so Castiel turns back towards the stairs to get down, finding Dean talking excitedly to a blonde-curled little girl. For a moment, Castiel is surprised as to why a young little girl would want such a boyish bedroom, but eventually he decides it’s one of those human things. He tells himself to memorize that not all girls need girly stuff, and then he walks towards the two.
Both brothers are dressed up in their feds-outfit. When they enter the building Jody’s staying at there’s barely anybody that even glimpse at them. When a younger police-officer walks on by, Dean looks at him in surprise that he wouldn’t be even the slightest bit suspicious at these two newcomers.
“What’s wrong, Cas?” Sam asks, kneeling down before him and putting a hand on his shoulder in comfort. Cas looks up with glassy eyes, appearing like he hasn’t slept in two weeks. It’s a horrible look, and it’s quite saddening to see him like this.
Liked it? Hated it? Feel like chewing me off for ending with such a cliffhanger? Things are unclear? Don't be shy, and let me know. Every comment is appreciated and helps me towards the next chapter.
What else is there to do, then? Sam groans in boredom, slapping his hands together to stay distracted. Maybe he could try calling Dean or Cas again? But then again, they are probably going at it at the moment, so Sam wouldn’t want to disturb him.
interested, babe. But thanks anyway,” he then decides, giving him a soft kiss on the lips before moving forward again. “C’mon, we need presents before the stores close down.”
“What’s the meaning of this?” she asks angrily. She starts swinging with her arm, trying to get it loose, but Sam made sure that won’t happen. She can’t break it from the ground, it’s just too strong.
“That’s what I thought,” Dean laughs. “C’mon, you got one of those ugly bikes you can fold together, right? Just put it in the trunk, it’ll fit.”
“I got close to believing her, but then, all of the sudden, the boys showed up. I saw them, Cas. They were beautiful.” And now Cas smiles again, but his eyes seem a bit red from tears. When Dean feels his own eyes sting, he realizes he’s started crying as well. His hand immediately goes to his stomach.
“Damn it, Charlie, you look awful, too,” Dean mutters. He turns his head to the side, unable to keep his gaze to her. He’s not getting out of this talk; that he’s already sure of. “You can’t tell the others about this. I don’t want them to worry.”
Castiel lets out a long and deep breath. He would never have expected that Wind would actually answer his mail. And with such a long response? No way in hell, this is almost too good to be true. Castiel clears his throat, starting up his computer before dropping his phone on the desk. He does a quick run downstairs to fill a tiny bowl of Lucky Charms before hopping back upstairs. On his way to his room, he finds Jo leaning against the wall with her phone in her hand.
He walks back to Sam and Cas, who are now listening to Tammy rant about something. Sam looks so done with her, but Cas seems very interested in everything she tells them. Dean smiles at seeing the Angel like that. He gestures for Sam to come, and Sam excuses them, dragging Cas along with him as he joins Dean.
“Why was Amelia looking for him?” Cas asks, his low voice cutting the silence in the room. Claire puts away the book, setting it on top of her bag and her eyes never leaving Cas’.
“Hello, Castiel,” she greets him without much expression on her voice. She nods at him tightly, and Castiel returns the gesture.
Instead of alarms, though, now there’s a lot of shouting instead. It comes from everywhere, and everyone, and nobody seems inclined to stop no matter how much Dean presses his face against the table and lets out a loud groan of frustration.
“Neither is he mine,” Castiel adds jokingly, realizing that this is how it would be like. Only, he would say this kind of thing, and Jessica would know that he means it the way he does.
It’s not without hesitation that Castiel returns back to the place he once used to call home; Heaven. At first he’d been unwilling to go, not sure if he was ready to face the other Angels again after almost being the cause of the destruction of their home.
“You can order whatever you want, I’ll pay for it,” Castiel tells her before getting out of the car, himself. Claire huffs out a breath mockingly, but quickly follows him outside. The place is quite crowdy once they get inside, but after asking the waitress, they get directed to a table for two somewhere in the middle of the room. It’s not the most ideal place to remain stealthy, but it’ll do for now.
“That’s what makes this even more interesting,” Maithé admits. “There can be theories about that; maybe Castiel’s
Eventually, when four of the six have performed, the last two remaining girls take each other’s hands and skate towards the middle of the rink. Cas’ eyes open wide, and his mouth falls open in surprise.
While he walks outside of the coffee shop his cellphone starts ringing. He doesn’t pick up right away, though, because a group of people just manage to enter the shop, leaving him with the struggle of pushing his way out.
In silence, the three wait as Cas tries to feel what Dean is talking about. Then, suddenly, there’s one more kick.
Then the butler walks towards the four newcomers. “May I have a word with you in the hall in five minutes?”
How can that even be? Castiel doesn’t even know half of all these students here? They can’t all just know him, right?
But the guards don’t even flinch, and when Metatron opens his eyes again, he finds that he’s once again standing in front of his cell, having taken a different way than he’s used too.
Castiel ends up having so much fun that he’s almost disappointed when Charlie and Dorothy walk up to him and each put a hand on his shoulder.
Behind them, the group of skaters have finally noticed Castiel sitting there, and they're calling out to him in loud cheers. Dean raises an eyebrow, surprised when all Castiel does is raise his hand to them in a short wave and then motion towards his phone.
“I love you, anyway,” he admits to him. Dean stiffens only for a short second before a smile creeps up on his face.
“Yeah, well, they’re good together. It’s only for the best he’s doing something that makes him happy. Cas makes him happy.”
“Too bad for you, my old man trained me for these sort of things,” Dean mumbles out through the blood in his mouth, and then he lands the last punch with all the strength he has. The guy falls on his back, landing with a loud thump.
Castiel nods in understanding, but turns his head away, giving Inias a quick look. The other Angel nods as well, offering a small smile as he accepts whatever Metatron is accusing Castiel of, whilst other Angels would have been disgusted.
Upon arriving in the bedroom, the woman points at the open closet. Dean and Sam follow her, and find a large – though a little faded – bloodstain on the carpet.
“Yeah, with him you never know what to expect him bringing home,” Amara jokes before pressing her lips together. “Uhm, right, this probably isn’t the best thing to bring up to your son. I get it.”
“From that one day, you’ve been nothing but a near-constant presence in my life; you became my best friend, and then you became my family. And when I was stuck in that djinn-world, I had you. We were married, and we were expecting a child. Now I know I could probably never have one of those two possibilities, but that doesn’t mean I can’t have the other one.
Dean eyes the painter for a moment, secretly admiring the guy’s back and – let’s face it – his ass. It’s quite a sight he enjoys. Maybe a bit too much, because when Cas turns around, he catches him staring. He raises his eyebrows questioningly and a light smirk appears on his face. Then he nods towards Dean, a silent question between them.
Sam doesn’t really know how to feel about knowing that, while he was having rebound sex with a girl that much younger than him, another young girl died in her bedroom, probably scared to shit. But, as it seems, Tracy, too, seems to have mixed feelings about it, almost unable to walk into the building to check up on the crime scene. (Though she doesn’t seem
Still, he feels like he still needs to clear up something with her. Like he’s obliged to do this, as a member of her family… sort of.
Castiel smiles once more before gently pushing Dean off him. Dean ends up on his back, watching how his husband suddenly stands up. He’s getting ready to ask what exactly is going on, but then he sees how the Angel starts to take off his clothes, slowly but surely removing his black jacket and throwing it behind him.
“I never heard of an Angel called Dean?” Abner asks in surprise. Gadreel seems to have caught on, though. Probably because he’s been listening to Castiel and Metatron argue while sitting in his cell.
Sam doesn’t say anything in return, but there’s no need to, either. He folds the paper a few times and puts it in his pocket. Then he clears his throat, indicating that that conversation is over. Rowena throws him a glare for the noise, but otherwise ignores him.
“Uhm, better keep the sword there. It’s too big and it stands out too much,” Sam quickly adds. Claire looks back at him in a questioning glance. “I’ll give you one of the spare Angel blades instead.”
They tried living together. Tried becoming a family and taking care of their daughter. But Lydia quickly realized that she didn’t like taking care of kids. She didn’t want to be a mother and it was obvious enough that she hated Emma for taking away her freedom. And the hardest part was when, one morning, Dean woke up to find her having left – for good. There hadn’t been any contact with her parents (they’d disappeared as well, after all). He was just left behind, still in school with no money to his name.
This story is going on for too long, and both Dean and Castiel lose their patience.  “Okay, this all sounds like sad times at Bitchmont high. What does this have to do with the case?”
Gabriel takes a deep breath. His hands are balled into fists, and his eyes are closed as he allows the light summer breeze to caress the skin on his borrowed face. He knows now that it won’t be long anymore before he’ll get his own, trusted body back, but that’s only if he manages to survive this shit first.
“Dean, just call Cas!” Sam tells him, as if it’s just that easy for him. Dean shakes his head lightly, but doesn’t turn around.
“Of course he does,” Castiel adds to that. “He’s lived on Earth the period that there were multiple Nephilim walking amongst humans. He knows all about them.”
The case takes about three days, sadly one more victim, before they kill the bastard – A siren doing his thing… of course. Jody has one more monster to add to her repertoire, but at least neither one of them got under its spell – so at least that’s an improvement from the last time.
Eventually, the girls finish. Cas gives them all his input – he even hands out tips and suggestions on their programs. Meanwhile, all the other free-skaters have left the rink, and it’s only the eight of them on the ice. Behind him, Dean can see Charlie walking around the rink and picking up some stuff that has been left behind. Dean quickly excuses himself, and heads to her.
“By neutralizing your stomach acids, we reduce the chance of pneumonia in case you were to vomit during the surgery and aspirate it. It sounds horrible, I know, but it does happen sometimes. It’s just a precaution, mostly.”
"Right," Dean says. "Well, your brother's kind of an ass, to be honest." It's meant as a joke, but Jimmy still winces. Should Dean apologize? He did kind of insult the guy's twin brother.
“Interim-principal,” Dean corrects. He shortly takes Cas’ hand in his own to press a quick kiss to the golden wedding ring, and then he starts walking back, finally on his way to salvage whatever he can from his class.
“We need to talk to Metatron,” Castiel says after a few more moments of silence. He can sense Sam looking at him with pitying eyes, but he decides to ignore that. He doesn’t need it, that look of sadness his brother-in-law is offering him.
“He’s just stubborn,” she tells him. “Dean Winchester isn’t the kind of human to accept his feelings quickly. He’ll need some time, but I can assure you, while he can’t say it, his feelings are just as strong as yours.”
“We will figure this out, Cas,” Dean assures him, leaning forward until their foreheads touch. “If it bothers you so much, we’ll do some research, try to find out what we’re doing wrong, okay?”
“So get this.” Such a simple phrase, nothing really out of the ordinary for a day in the life of the Winchester brothers. But for some reason he couldn’t explain, it set Dean off this morning. He set his coffee mug down a bit too harshly on the counter, causing the precious liquid to slosh onto the counter. Dean registered the look of shock in Sam’s eyes as he faced his little brother.
“Did Cas make a stop at the bar?” Dean asked, trying to keep the growing panic he felt under control. Nick immediately caught Dean’s implication and shook his head. The three hunters all stood in unison, realizing as a unit that Cas’s plan had worked and the bait had been taken. But that didn’t have to sit well with Dean. “Do you have cameras in this place?” Nick nodded this time and started to lead them into the back office.
But last night he had risked it all in a moment of complete weakness. He was terrified that he now would find Dean closed off to him, that their relationship would now be tainted by the knowledge that Cas wanted what he shouldn’t. He knew Dean was not one to share his feelings, and he had definitely seen Dean’s sexual preferences through the many waitresses and bartenders Dean had taken back to hotel rooms. Cas was everything Dean would want to avoid.
didn’t even begin to cover Dean’s words; they were a flat out challenge that Cas was determined to fulfill for the rest of the night. He smiled, already on his feet with the ache in his leg long forgotten, and pulled Dean with him toward their bedroom.
Sam could see it on Dean’s face as everyone began to arrive. He had taken point and passed it along to the staff that they wanted to remove life support late in the evening, giving everyone else a chance to come in to say goodbye. Sam overhead Dean telling Cas that it would be the best to wait until sundown because Dean knew that was Cas’s favorite time of day.
“No big deal, Cas.” Dean stood, grabbing his duffle from the ground. He sat it down on the table before pulling out a shirt and pair of jeans. “These should do until we get you back to the bunker.” He set them down on the bed, and Cas was sure now that Dean was avoiding his eyes. He was avoiding looking anywhere near Cas if he could help it. It made the ex-angel just want to pull the blankets underneath him over his head and never be seen again. But he kept his head high, not wanting to acknowledge Dean’s embarrassment and regret. It only made things worse when Dean was confronted about his feelings.
Hours later, Dean sat behind the wheel of his Baby, headed down the last road to the bar. He pulled into the back parking lot, which was tucked away, hidden from the main road. They had arrived with not too much time to spare, having spent precious time gathering their bags before hitting the road. Cas had needed a bit of persuasion as well, which Dean was more than willing to provide, leaving their little spat long forgotten. Cas had his headphones in, listening to something Dean couldn’t hear, tapping along to the beat as he flipped through another lore book.
Cas nodded, a look of understanding, concern, and almost shame coming over his face. “I should have thought about that.” He turned, lowering his feet off the bed and quickly stripped down. Dean relaxed back into the mattress as Cas climbed back up, feeling the weight again against his ass and thighs, this time, much softer. He ignored the response his body felt in response to the pressure of Cas’s thighs, ignored the feel of Cas’s cock against his ass, even as Cas leaned forward.
He tried again. He walked out through the front door and once again, the sight of the parking lot in front of him was immediately replaced with the ugly black walls of the motel room. This time, he came from the closet.
Which, shockingly, didn’t reassure anyone. In fact, this time Cas actually said something, “You are not going to sacrifice yourself over—“
“No, I mean—“ he cut himself off knowing he would sound desperate if he went through with his sentence. He knew Cas had every right to not feel the same way about him. And he had no business badgering him over it. He sighed and laid back down, “Forget it.”
There was a night when him and Cas had gone out for a beer and were walking back to the impala. It was the end of October and the temperature of the air was perfect. Dean was virtually sober, Cas had a bit of a drunken sparkle in his eyes but he walked and talked just fine. Somewhere during their conversation about having a scary movie night together, Dean had gotten lost in the very sight of Cas. The way his teeth would slightly bare and show a smile when he rambled about something he was excited about. The autumn air blowing against his jet black hair. His stunning eyes. His sexy 5 o clock shadow….
Dean gasped as his eyes opened, waking up the same way he had hours ago. His heart beat rapidly and his breathing was shaky as he came down from his high. The events that just happened in his dream began slowly setting in.
“Fuck.” Dean cursed as he climbed off the bed because he wanted to put more space between him and Cas and also because his nerves decided to spike. His mind was racing with emotions.
Dean didn’t even know what to say. His brain was completely empty of responses. He ran a hand down his face, feeling how hot he was. He knew his entire complexion had to be the same shade as the heart shaped bed by now.
The woman nodded slowly, her tear stained cheeks were now evident with the late morning sunlight striking her face just right. Her eyes were puffy and her nose was red. Her lips looked chapped like she’d been biting away at the skin. Dean didn’t realize how destroyed she looked until he really began to focus on her complexion. He had to admit, he felt bad for her.
“Okay, we need to kill this thing and fast. Cas, you go in through the front, I'll go around back." Sam instructed.
As he sifted through the bottles, Cas curiously stared at him and became concerned with something else, “What are you doing?”
This time Dean fully looked over at his brother with a glare that could kill, “Fuck off.” He spit at him.
When he approached them, he could practically see smoke coming out of their ears. The yelling between them stopped as their heads snapped in Dean’s direction.
“Well….There is another way to find it’s location…..” Cas’ voice reemerged after several minutes of awkward silence. He fully stared at Dean as he spoke.
“Y-You heard me?” Dean ignored his question to respond to his previous remark because his brain was still trying to catch up, his senses felt like they were completely fried. Whatever this dream was, exhausted him.
“One that’s keen on staying in business.” Cas replied sounding more than content, like whatever had happened a second ago wasn’t a big deal to him. Dean figured it probably wasn’t. That whatever he was doing was just Cas being, well, Cas. He knew angels had a bunch of weird quirks, he wasn’t one to dictate if seeming tempted to choke someone out because it turned them on was another one. He couldn’t help but think that Cas knew exactly what he was doing when he looked at him like that, though. Surly he had been around human beings long enough now to know what flirting looked like.
Cas blinked, clearly not expecting the kind gesture presented in his words. However, his eyes remained fixated on Dean’s face and not the object he was holding. His mouth opened slightly before he came up with an answer, “No, that’s okay.” He turned fully around so his body was facing Dean. Dean could see that he was holding another ornament, which was mostly sheltered by his hands. But from the colors that peaked out between his fingers, it looked to be the hunting riffle.
So he tried again, “I want this. I’ve wanted this for a long time.” That made the hair on the back of Dean’s neck stand up. He never thought he’d hear these words from him. Cas went on, the same bundle of unidentifiable
Cas took his silence as a yes. He looked out the window for a brief moment, watching cars that drove by. His gentle tone continued, he said his next sentence so quietly that Dean barely heard him, “I missed you too, you know.”
He then searched through his duffle bag for a pair of sweatpants. Some of Sam’s clothes had gotten mixed up with his so all he found were an old, beat up grey pair with
Of course, Dean had hardly noticed because he was more focused on the fact that he was leaning in toward Cas. Their faces were close. Their lips closer.
When he could literally hear Cas' shoulders tighten with tension, he realized he wasn't the only one who was mad. And the angel's response proved him right, "It wasn't just the curse that stopped me."
After Sam collected all of his belongings, he was out the door, leaving them alone for the first time since he’d woken up. Dean’s stomach was in knots.
Dean felt his heart sink, “C’mon Cas. You deserve it.” His voice started to sound a bit more strong and like himself.
“And I’m asking why.” Dean narrowed his eyes. Cas looked up at the ceiling in order to escape the intensity of the gaze he was forcing upon him.
“That is all the details….at least the PG ones…” Dean mumbled. He knew right after he said the last part that it was a mistake because he could hear the sheets on the bed ruffle as Cas shifted uncomfortably.
Nonetheless, Dean groaned and harshly rubbed his hands down his features, “We need to catch this son of a bitch soon. Preferably, before I run out of clean underwear.”
Cas didn’t say anything, he just turned his head back around to face him again. Dean felt compelled to continue.
emotions piled behind his eyes as earlier, “There is a difference between can’t and won’t and this is the former. The curse I bare doesn’t allow you to me, Dean.”
“All we would need is for Dean to be asleep and I could enter his mind. I would be able to track the source or at the very least, see the surroundings of where it may lie.” He explained, only further confirming what Dean knew he was suggesting.
At first, Dean was taken back and mildly embarrassed. And then another second passed and he was hunched over laughing.
Dean's cock throbbed upon him seeing Cas' look of astonishment settle into something along the lines of curiosity. His eyebrows pulled tightly together but his eyes relaxed to a certain degree. His lips subtly curved upward just enough for him to notice.
Sam and Cas briefly glanced at him in annoyance before continuing with their brainstorming session, “If it’s not a Cupid, then what? Witch?”
Cas now kept his gaze trained on Dean. His eyes narrowed at him--but not in annoyance, rather just intrigue. Dean figured he was probably just wondering how he managed to rip through his pants. He kept his head tilted upward, chin raised while seeming to search for the answer inside Dean to his unspoken question. Meanwhile, Dean didn't hold back in looking right back at him, surprisingly devoid of bashfulness. If Cas had found a pair of Dean's pants ripped up and covered in cum on any other day, he would've stared at the pavement while his cheeks turned crimson. But given recent events, he could barely find it in himself to care about Cas' judgement.
, he thought. Luckily, the place wasn’t that crowded when they got there and there were still plenty left.
Dean scoffed, “I’m not judging. They’re just….interesting.” Cas attempted to grab the basket in frustration but Dean managed to hold it out of his reach as he rooted through the rest of them. One that resembled a hunting riffle caught his eye and caused him to voice his opinion aloud, “I like this one.”
When they made their way back downstairs, the living room was flooded with photographers and police officers, as well as people in plainer clothing wearing looks of distress on their faces. They were more than likely the victim’s family members. An older woman who appeared to be in her forties, and a young daughter, who couldn’t have been older than ten.
His brother gazed out the window, “We should hit the morge before it gets dark.” He then turned toward his brother, who was slightly intoxicated, and let out a frustrated noise, “I guess I’m driving.”
Cas had made the mistake of leaving his hand on Dean's thigh, and only realized as such when he felt it being dragged up Dean's leg.
He thought being openly affectionate with Cas would be awkward at first but it wasn’t. They held hands, kissed each other’s cheeks, made love, as easy as breathing air. It was like they’d been doing it for a decade. He figured even if the two of them weren’t weird about it, at least Sam would be. But he wasn’t. If Dean was being honest, he was barely even surprised.
He didn’t waste any time pressing his keycard to the lock, a bright green light flashed as he did, indicating he did indeed have the right room. He practically tumbled inside as the door swung open in a desperate effort to get away from Sam’s relentless hounding.
But his involuntary nap left him experiencing one of the most vivid dreams he'd ever had in his life. Maybe even the most.
Also lemme know other things y'all wanna see me write--preferably DeanCas content. I'm nearing an end to this story sadly and I need writing inspo lol.
Sam ran a hand through his hair and paced faster, “So we have....what? A day to kill this thing before Dean bites it?” His voice wavered, clearly seeming worried.
When the hunter was eventually pulled back into his surroundings by the angel, he attempted to rise from the bed again. Until Cas was pushing on his shoulders to keep him seated.
Dean wore a polite smile for the scowling couple who looked to be in their 70s, “Is there a problem here?”
Dean placed a hand on her back as he led her over to one of the couches, “Hi, Julia. I’m Agent DeYoung, I just need to ask you a few questions about last night, if you don’t mind.” If he wasn’t so distracted by the events that happened a mere half hour ago, he’d be impressed with how
Dean was unsure what he meant until he began to replay his dream in his mind. He remembered the succubus, telling him he wasn’t allowed to come without permission. He remembered hearing it’s threat to eat him if he did. And then Cas had shown up......
“I’m not sicking anyone on anyone. You’re not going to bail. You’re going to work this case with us, wether you like it or not. But first, you and Cas are going to talk things out. And I’m not letting you out of this room until you two come to some sort of understanding.” Sam explained while folding his arms over his chest.
"Quite a convincing response." Dean was surprised at Cas' proper use of sarcasm. He had to double check his facial features to make sure he wasn't serious. Considering the corners of his eyes and mouth were pointed downward, he led himself to believe that Cas was indeed mocking him.
But Dean clearly knew what it meant because he was rolling his eyes and pulling his arm slightly closer to the shelf, “Yes, I’m serious.”
Dean huffed in frustration and flipped on his bedside lamp as he rose to his feet, trying not to seem too let down. He headed straight for one of the tables adjacent from them, which displayed a small coffee maker. He used the dull lighting to make out the words on the sticker that the motel had slapped on the top of the machine. When Dean was finally able to read what it said, he groaned, “You have to actually pay the front desk to give you coffee grounds. What kind of motel is this?”
The hole that had been left in the crotch area of the sweatpants, which was previously the side of a quarter, was now huge and bigger than Dean's fist. His dream had been so intense that he'd rabidly torn at the rip in desperation to touch himself. He guessed when his mind was being plagued by incredible sex dreams, it lacked the ability to think logically. The logic that would've told him it was smarter to go through the sweatpants the other, normal way.
Dean hated how much Sam was clearly enjoying this. He grumbled as he started cutting into him omelette, “I didn’t sleep well.” Technically wasn’t a lie.
The door of their conversation had been completely slammed shut by Dean. He’d turned cold and sour again, much like he always did when talking about his feelings started to scare him. His upper lip stiffened and the anger that had been sizzling inside of him made its grand appearance, “Then he better not see me again.”
“Believe it or not, according to this, Cupids have the ability to control the arousal of those they strike with their arrows. My theory is some rogue Cupid out there is turning up the heat too high.” Sam explained.
His shoulders slowly and shamefully rose toward the back of his chair. It took him a few seconds to brace himself before he looked around him. When he did, Dean was absolutely horrified to see Sam and Cas staring wide-eyed at him, clearly taken aback. Especially, Cas, who was also donning a tinge of red on his cheeks.
Cas let the joyous endeavor continue for a few more seconds, taking in the sight of Dean coming undone beside him, before finally retracting his hand.
Julia seemed to wrack her brain a bit harder, “Last night, in her sleep, she got up and ran around the room, even pulled down our curtains. She kept screaming about someone coming to eat her.” She let out a bleak laugh at what seemed like a ridiculous answer. She eyed Dean curiously, “But it was just a heart attack, right? The FBI doesn’t seriously think it was something else?”
Dean looked around the room and saw Cas sitting in the foyer, kneeling beside the little kid, giving him a dewy look of sympathy as he asked her questions.
This wasn’t the average quick, mildly arousing dream that he only remembered fragments of when he awoke, which was what all of his wet dreams previously had been like. This dream felt
When Dean looked up to see Cas still sitting across the room he was able to not let himself get sucked into the mirage. As hands grazed his chest he knew to keep his reactions minimal.
Cas strolled over toward the heart shaped bed and sat down on the edge of the point. He folded his hands together in his lap and looked up at Dean, “I am not
Sam decided to stop attempting to talk him into it. His hands slowly started inching toward his pocket before pulling out his phone.
But he couldn’t let himself believe that. That Sam would seriously think him and normal, fully clothed Cas would hook up.
Sam scrolled further down on his computer screen, “Well, according to this, seven people have died so far, all of them relatively young, all of them married. 4 women, 3 men. Their spouses all have similar eye witness accounts of seeing the victims experience similar dreams for a few days leading up to their death. Apparently all of them caused the victim to be so loud, they woke up their spouses.” He reported as if he was talking about the weather.
Castiel chuckled, “I wouldn’t expect any less.” He ruffled his hair playfully. “After this hunt I’ll help you and your siblings train to hunt and catch. Then next hunt let’s work as a team.”
“Eventually.” It was the best answer Dean could give. Being seventy Bobby should have retired already, but he hadn’t. Who was he mated to again, the garage? He mentally snorted.
“Try anything,” Kenny growled. He narrowed his eyes as he took it from his dad. “My mom and his previous mate would have worked together or asked for help from people in town.” He walked the package to his mom.
“Good Evening Eileen,” Dean signed and spoke as he walked into the diner.  After an enthusiastic returned hello he headed to his usual spot in the back corner. By the time Castiel was joining them she was already bringing him out a drink.
“You’re right. It did know what we needed,” Castiel grinned as he started to nibble. “I’m going to make sure everyone knows I’ve got the best omega.”
“Maybe we should call Uncle Sammy for back up and start cooking Thanksgiving dinner now,” Kenny sighed. “I’d hate for everyone to show up and there to only be left over toast and bacon.”
“Nor mine. I’m just a boy from Kansas.” Dean winked. “Sam’s making sure the family legacy carries on- he’s got an alpha pup. I’d be more than honored to have your name.”
“I’m pretending to be.” Frank slumped in his chair. The smell of the restaurant was making him nauseous. Just about every thing did- had been for a of couple weeks. “I don’t want to ruin everyones good time.”
Castiel leaned into Dean like he was going to kiss him, but instead whispered in his ear, “I’m so glad they had a meeting room available.”
“I guess.” Dean was still a little hesitant. He liked order. He sat down next to Castiel. “I’m glad I didn’t let you sleep here last night. These benches…”
“It easily got mistaken for a party… and just as easily got out of hand. Garth did come by with Uncle Sammy around elven-” Alex glanced over at Mary.
They weren’t unscathed when it came to infighting and peacocking. Nothing had been done without a flare for the dramatics. Someone always had to one up someone.
Dean grinned mischievously, even proudly. He’d actually been on several dates with Castiel and somehow the entire town didn’t know- that was shocking. “Only mixed reviews because we about choked when we had to use our fingers and toes to count pups.” He took a sip of his coffee. “Between the two of us we’ve got seventeen pups.”
Sam unpressed himself from the wall. He brought his drink back down to a reasonable level. “I used to think this house was almost too big for you,” he paused a moment to take a sip of his beer, “now it seems a little too small.”
Dean absentmindedly hummed as he scrolled through the message board. His head was bobbing and his foot was tapping- it was apparent he was mentally listening to a song. He scratched down a list of tasks that needed to be done after school. “Morning sunshine.”
“I’m trusting you,” Kenny said evenly to Castiel, no hint of mirth or hostility. The ring of red in his eyes held promise though. Things had gotten easier between them in the past week, but they weren’t perfect.
“Guess I won’t have to worry about getting a boring tie for Christmas,” Castiel smirked. “So what’s on today’s agenda?” He asked as he reached for his coffee.
Dean stretched the length of himself. It was barely noon, and he couldn’t keep himself from yawning. It was Wednesday, their self proclaimed, one day off of the week. He leaned back on the bench, and enjoyed the sunshine.
John got up and strode over to Keith. He knelt down and grinned. Between the two of them he said, “condom,” he enunciated the word for him. “You don’t need them until later.”
Castiel pushed his chair back and pulled Dean into his lap. He rubbed his shoulders and snuffled along the back of his neck. “No one got arrested,” he chuckled. “Shit happens. Unfortunately, it’s just happening to our sixteen year old Amelia.” He sighed.
“Yes ma’am. I’m sorry about that.” Betty’s politeness was nearly bordering on fake. She wanted his mom gone so she could have Frank to herself.
Castiel scooted back in bed and pulled Dean into his arms. “The floor is an awful place because with that many someone is bound to get stepped on every time someone has to use the bathroom.” He coaxed Dean to scent him, so that the rest of the tension would leave him.
In hopes of avoiding an awkward first in person meet up they’d let the pups use their cellphones outside of scheduled times to create a group chat. They figured it was the easiest and quickest way for them to get to know one another before officially meeting in person.
“Okay!” Charlie clapped her hands just loud enough to get their attention. “Now that we all smell like a forest let’s go find mom and dad so we can set up camp.” She chirped.
Twila’s eyes were as wide as saucers. Now she understood. In a way this question was directed at her too. Kenny seemed intent to answer, so she left it that way. She grabbed the boys and dragged them down to the floor, in the center of the room. She was already finding it in her to purr.
It took Nathan a moment to understand the garble. “No he didn’t. But, he’s the only mom I’ve got now.” He paused before saying sadly, “Not everyone looses a parent to death.”
Betty rolled her eyes. “There better be some kind of reward,” she said as she grabbed the dipped tomato.
He quickly shakes his head; the last thing he should be thinking about right now is Dean dying. If all goes according to plan, Dean will live, Rowena will be dead, and they will all just have a chance to be a happy family. Alan and Jonah will have both of their fathers in their lives. Cas won’t become a widower. Sam won’t lose his brother.
After Tyler, there are some other kids who have trouble with the backwards skating. They’re still at their first round, so Dean offers them his hand. With that, he has two kids on each side, and another one skating right in front of him.
“Apologies, your majesty,” Sam counters while taking his first taste of the coffee. “Anyway, I’m afraid I’m getting a lot of nada here. Julie was on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Instachat, Snapchat, A.I.M., but she mostly just posts stuff on Rush and ‘Fifty Shades of Grey’, the movie.”
“Offed a… what? I- I was on a hunt,” Garth mutters, squeezing his eyes again as he seems to dig through his memories.  Sam, having finally removed the handcuff completely, puts the lock pick back in his pocket, straightening his jacket again.
Dean knows it’s horrible; she’s married, she shouldn’t do this and all that, but they’re ten days further and there are still no memories of her husband – or wife, probably? The police hasn’t come up with anything either, so she just decides that whatever her life had been before losing her memory must have been crappy enough to get away from it. Hell, if even the person she’s married to hasn’t even tried to find her, it’s enough sign for her that it’s not worth going back to, right?
Something about almost dying in such an unexpected and mundane way made him realize something. That he didn’t want to spend the rest of his life alone.
?" He realized as he spoke that his voice was mangled. It cracked and lowered itself involuntarily. And the harsh burn of his throat was suddenly killing him. He, for once, hoped he was coming down with a cold and his voice wasn't hoarse for the very obvious reason he didn't want to admit.
All parties in the room were silent for a moment. The only thing that could be heard was the creak of the floor underneath the carpet that shifted under the movement of Sam’s boots. Or at least, that was the only
"Dean, we can handle this by ourselves.” Sam pleaded. Dean looked over at Cas to see that he was awkwardly focused on the pavement, clearly not wanting to involve himself in what was probably soon to be an argument. He also noticed the three stakes were now drenched in dog’s blood. He’d done it while they were bantering.
As he let go of himself, his dick went slack between his legs. He was a little surprised, though, to not feel himself touch the mattress, but the fabric of the sweatpants. He was even more surprised to feel them still securely attached to his waist and his arm wasn't pinned underneath the elastic band. When he fully pulled his hand away, soft material brushed against his wrist before coming into contact with the stuffy motel air. Puzzled, he pulled back the covers and looked down. And
As the orgasmic haze cleared, he started to become more aware of his surroundings. The last thing he could recall was leaving the diner. He blinked rapidly when he realized he was in the passenger seat of the impala, which was now parked beside a curb in suburbia. And he wasn't alone.
He patted his boyfriend on the shoulder and said, “I’ll go get lights. Are we thinking traditional white or rainbow?”
“Fine, okay, I’ll fucking do it first. Now could you please just do what I’m telling you to.” Dean grumbled as he finally held up the hunting riffle ornament by the hook.
. I didn’t get a lot of research in before your grand show down outside.” He continued to poke fun at him.
Dean finally looked at him for a split second. And in that split second all he could see was his sad face as he said he was
Dean wanted to wrestle the laptop out of his hands, not wanting him to poke around too much, but he knew Cas was infinitely stronger than him and that was a losing battle. Besides, he’d already seen it and it wouldn’t do much use now.
Cas could sense as such just by looking at him. His face was pale, a hint of bags had developed under his eyes, his lids barely stayed open on their own.
And now his heart was doing somersaults, barreling back into his chest. He was breathless like the angel had sucked all the air from him. Dean was drowning in deep blue and
The angel broke him from his thoughts as he sat on the edge of the bed again, “Dean, what was that?”
“Plan B? Shove it up your—“ Two angelic fingers were then pressed to Dean’s forehead. He cut himself off as he crumbled to the floor, his eyes suddenly snapping shut. His body curled into a ball as loud snores could now be heard erupting from his mouth.
They weaved their way through all of their potential Christmas trees, their fingers laced together, Dean’s thumb running across Cas’ knuckles. Their breath fogged and their noses turned pink from the cold. They made a point to walk as close together as possible so that Dean could keep warm. Every tree they passed just wasn’t quite good enough for their liking; too short, too tall, leaned too far to the left. They were both perfectionists at heart and refused to settle for less.
Before he could dive deeper into lore to figure out how to kill it, there were sounds of commotion coming from just outside his door. The sounds of several voices yelling over one another.
He knew he had to say something to ease the invisible weight on Cas’ shoulders. He didn’t want to apologize. Dean didn’t want to let him believe that what he did was okay in the slightest. But he also couldn’t bare to let him suffer like this.
Dean’s eyes latched onto Cas’ only to see him returning the favor. This time, Dean saw the same cloud of sadness, but it was tinged with excitement. Hope, even. And it almost startled Dean at the sight. His breath felt trapped in his throat, he felt unable to speak but also unable to move away.
He also didn’t know if he was crazy, or drunk, but he swore a part of Cas appeared jealous. A very very small part, albeit.
Dean merely rolled his eyes and shifted in his seat. He eyed the mini fridge as he piped up, “Its a succubus and you kill it with dog’s blood. There you go. Happy?” He took on a sarcastic delivery.
Before Dean could stop and force some thought into his actions, he was tipping his head forward, leaning in with with lips puckered. Only for his face to come in full contact with the mattress at the last second.
A hand was placed on his shoulder, which only confused Dean more considering there were already hands on him. He didn't know who was who anymore.
“Exactly.” Dean frowned. He was getting his credit card handed back to him as well as a room key. He didn’t wait for an invitation to leave, he started striding toward the door, once again bumping Cas’ shoulder on the way out.
, Dean thought to himself. When the memory of them in the motel room a mere half hour ago replayed in his mind, the world around him spun faster and his stumbled over nothing. Suddenly, Sam's hands were pressed against his shoulders to hold him steady.
Suddenly, Cas seemed to snap as he was now fully turning to face him and he yelled, "Because they threatened to issue a noise complaint!"
Dean was breathless again. For a completely different reason than the last. He could barely let himself beg the question, “And you’re telling me that.....I’m-“
“Okay, so we know it’s a type of demon because of Julia and also because of the sulfer I found on the windowsill.” Sam recapped what they had already discussed in the car on the way back to the motel. Cas sat on the heart, Sam paced around, and Dean remained in the chair all the way over by the bathroom, exactly where he had pulled it to yesterday.
During his leisurely activity, he noticed another weight pressed into the mattress beside him. There was a shuffle of sheets and then the bed rocked slightly before he heard a deep voice rumble, "Dean."
"You think that I wouldn't have already tried?" Dean felt unexpected fear when Cas raised his voice at him.
Four hours really was enough time for Dean to do all the research he needed, "Relax, We don't have to go smite an innocent pooch. I found a place a half hour away that sells all kinds of witchy shit. I'm figuring they'll have some....probably have to ask for it directly.”  He yawned again.
explain what was so sacred about his situation. He nodded and let out a cough to mask a small burst of laughter that managed to slip through, "All the time."
What Dean would give for just one win. One no-strings-attached-everything-turns-out-perfectly-fine win. A win just for him, for a change.
As he exited, he felt a cool breeze hit his crotch and he realized the sweatpants had quite a noticeable hole through them, which was a few inches shy of exposing part of his cock.
A few seconds passed before an alert was going off on Sam's phone. He quickly picked it up and read what it was before total seriousness washed over his face and his posture stiffened. He looked up at them as he started gathering his things, quickly breaking the news, "Another person's just been killed. We gotta go."
Normal, fully clothed Cas stood from his chair and started walking over to him. Dean nervously joined his hands together in front of his crotch trying to cover himself in the most socially acceptable way he knew how. Then again, he knew that Cas was incredibly inept when it came to human interaction. If he ran and grabbed a frilly pillow off the bed to cover himself, Cas probably wouldn’t even bat an eyelash.
He knew Sam was going to kill him if he ever saw what he did to his sweatpants. But, in his defense, he didn't exactly have control over his stupid and unconscious brain in this situation.
He wasn’t hard this time when he woke up, instead, he’d already came. The material covering his crotch and stomach was damp. However, that wasn’t what left him mentally panicking.
Dean eyed Cas, intrigued by the fact that he was bold enough to sit close to him and even more intrigued that he found himself not minding the company. He closed his eyes and slid his hands underneath his head and smirked, “What? I thought you liked 1AM visits from the neighbors.”
