Dean cleared his throat and nodded, “Yeah I’m good, uh…” He took another drink of his beer. “I uh…I gotta do a thing.” He stood up and walked out of the map room with his beer. He hoped Cas was still in the kitchen putting the groceries away. He stepped to the door and peaked in. Cas was standing at the island and was pulling the last few boxes of cereal out of the bags. Dean took in a deep breath and stepped down into the room. “Hey.” His voice was quieter than normal.
Cas swallowed and tried to adjust his position, but gave up and groaned. “I-…I’ve been better.”
The ex-angel froze. His lips parted slightly. Did he just hear that?
“So the only way I could get both of us out of there quickly is by dragging him. Damn sonofabitch isn’t that light.” He finished off the whiskey in his glass and picked up the bottle on his left to pour himself a 5th drink.
The internal war was starting up again.
“Yes, exactly like electricity.” Cas pauses. “But now…it’s not there. My body feels…dull.”
“Dean….Dean, I’m gonna…Hah! I’m gonna…” Cas panted.
“I’m good. Why do you-“
P.S.: This is the abandoned barn they are at. Just imagine it's dark, muddy and rainy and there's more trees surrounding the driveway: https://www.google.com/maps/@44.5620067,-99.7678468,223m/data=!3m1!1e3
“Whoo…” he sing-songs, “Aw man, I needed that.”
“Hey.” Sam replied and looked over as Dean dropped the bags and beer on to the table. “I might’ve found our selves a case.”
Dean saw the the angel dropped his blade at least 10 feet back. He wouldn’t been able to grab it in time. So, he ran at the vamp with his machete but tripped over a headless body and hit the ground hard, the world instantly went black.
Dean swallowed and let out a grunt. He brought a hand down from the headboard and stroked up and down Cas’ arm next to this head. They both opened their eyes at the same time and locked gazes.
“Hello Sam.” Castiel nodded at Sam with a grin as the younger hunter stood on the opposite side of the table across from him and Dean.  There was a long silence between the three of them. Dean stopped rummaging through his bag and zoned-out, staring down at the wood grain on the table. He leaned some of his body weight onto his right leg and tapped the table with the pad of his index finger, unsure if he should speak up or wait for someone else to say something.
Raising an arm above his head to shield his face from any damage, Dean tenses his body in preparation for another blast of air only for a flash of light to fill the room, almost as if it were a secluded strike of lightning. Blinding and powerful, eviscerating in its existence but mute in the sudden absence of anything.
Castiel smiled and nodded. “Yeah…”
Castiel softly ghosted his fingers over the skin above the waistband and kissed his stomach one, two, three times before yanking the denim and boxers down and off, throwing them the side. Dean watched as Cas nuzzled his face into the inside of Dean’s thigh and got closer to him. His head fell back to rest his aching neck and closed his eyes, waiting for the feeling of Cas’ mouth on- there it is! Dean’s entire body seized and he reached up and grabbed the solid headboard above him. His toes curled and uncurled as Cas’ worked his mouth up and down him, his tongue lapping over the tip before taking him back in again.
Dean put his beer down and leaned forward. “You noticed it too? Cas being all…weird and shit?”
Cas was still. No sounds. No movement.
“Hello, Dean.”
A sudden shock of electricity shot through them as their lips touched and Cas’ hand came up and wrapped around Dean’s wrist. Dean pressed closer and cupped the ex-angel’s other cheek.
Dean just hums. Apparently that was a good enough response for him. Sam would beg to differ, but he decides to let it go. He waves him off and heads to the war room. “Good night!” He calls without turning around.
“There’s a barn 10 minutes outside of town. Thats were they’ll be.” Cas pointed on the map a road just north of Harrold.
A small cry from the car shook him from his thoughts and he looked at Castiel. He was clutching his side and blood pooled though his fingers and onto the seat.
Dean assumed it was because Cas was still weak. He’d been lying in a bed for 3 days straight with barely any exercise. Of course he was tired and weak. Once he’s up and walking out of this sterile bucket of a building, he’ll be good as new.
Dean barely waited for Desiree to stop the car before opening the door and jumping out. When he busted into Desiree’s room after he hung up the call from the hospital, they both quickly got Dean’s clothes out of the wash, changed, and drove down to the hospital. He rushed through the doors to the empty front desk and slammed his fist on the counter. “Hey!”
With the kiss now broken, they could get a good look at each other. Cas on his back, suit jacket open and tie flung over his shoulder, hair sticking out every which way. Dean looming above him, lips red and swollen. The hunter couldn’t fathom it. This moment. It was actually happening. It had been a long 11 years.
A man. But not Cas.
“I’ll put these away.” He grabbed the two bags and headed for the kitchen.
“Dean… help me…” The ex-angel’s eyes rolled back and his knees gave way.
Dean’s boots scuffed against the splintered, rotted flooring. He was struggling to find traction as the invisible force slammed against him in current after current; exposed wires and exploding light bulbs sending dangerous sparks into the already over charged air. Singed hair and burning wax clogged his nostrils and despite the force of the wind, the flames rising from the Holy oil miraculously didn’t go out. They bend against the force, licking across the floor in bursts of orange and yellow yet not charring a single thing in its path.
The silence was deafening, and he couldn’t take it any longer.
“Cause when someone is unsure of their feelings, or is uncomfortable about something, others try to help that person. They talk to them and help them”
But then he couldn’t stop thinking about Cas. Lying in that cold, white hospital. Alone, hurt and scared. He could wake up at anytime. He wouldn’t know what was happening.
The hunter lifted his head, opening his eyes. The barn was still. There were headless bodies and bodiless heads strewn out everywhere, but it was quiet.
Dean bit his lip and started to move his hand up and down, creating more warmth and friction between skin and cotton, and Cas started to unravel. The sensation was unreal to him, and Dean was so good at it.
“Are you okay?” Sam asked.
He was immediately greeted with a smell of onions and bread and his mouth started to water. His stomach rumbled loudly.
“Hey Cas. It’s me. Can you stand? We need to get out of here before more vamps show up. Cas…CAS! Hey! Stay with me.”
Dean furrowed his brows, “You’re not coming? Why?”
But one thing was still uncertain.
It wasn’t a guarantee
Dean grabbed the back of his shirt and yanked it over his head, flinging it across the room and at the same time, Cas was loosening his tie, pulling it over his head and started unbuttoning his shirt. Dean slapped his hands out of the way. “Let me.” He started to undo one button, but then caught the ex-angels eyes. He winked, grabbed and pulled. Every button snapped off and the fabric was ripped off his chest. Cas’ lips curled at the ends and a small huff of a chuckle fell out, making Dean smile. “Much quicker.” Dean then ducked down and caught Cas’ lips on his own, licking in and kissing deep, his hands cupping his face and almost lifting him up, allowing Cas to slip off the rest of the shirt and discard it to the floor.
The hunter let out a long breath and dropped his right hand onto his lap, adjusting so his left hand was cupping his temple. He could feel exhaustion start to take over his body, and he fought against it. Squeezing his eyes shut, looking up at the lights, tapping his face, but nothing was working. He could feel his eyelids getting heavier and heavier as the seconds ticked on until his eyes fell shut.
The older hunter jumped out of his thoughts and looked up at Sam. “You with me? You zoned out for a second there.”
Dean slowly closed the door and shuffled in. One small step, after one small step. He didn’t know why he was being so quiet. Its like if he took one normal step, it could set something off and kill Cas.
The ex-angel opened his eyes and was met Dean’s half lidded green orbs staring back at him. His skin was already glistening with a thin layer of sweat and his lips were parted and the tip of his tongue was resting on his bottom teeth.
He grinned at Cas who couldn’t help a little smile tease his lips. Dean brought his hands to his torso as he pretended to play guitar with Jimmy Page, his top teeth biting his bottom lip.
“Mr. Winchester? Can you hear me?”
“Castiel…”
Dean’s eyebrows shot up and he scoffed, “You have
Fuck that.
After they broke apart to catch their breath, Dean noticed a sudden dim in Cas’ eyes. There was always a glimmer of…something in them, but ever since that moment, the glimmer wasn’t there. Cas wouldn’t look Dean in the eye for any longer than 2 seconds. They would have conversations, but they weren’t anything more than small talk, really.
The ex-angels expression didn’t change. Nothing alerted Dean to stop moving.
“Cas! Don’t die on me now, buddy. Just stay with me, you’ll be fine. Sam! Can you go any faster?!” Dean cried to his brother, who was now unwrapping the new bandage.
“No, thank you.”
Dean groans and covers his face with his hands. Why did this have to happen? Why did he have to catch feelings?
As they walked into the bunker and swung the large metal door closed, Sam jogged into the map room. “Hey!” He started to come up the stairs, but Dean held his hand out over Cas’ shoulder. “He said he can do it.”
“Dean, can you sit him up? I wanna wrap it so it stays on.” Sam spoke as he ran to a cupboard and grabbed a roll of tension wrap.
Cas watched as Dean started bouncing his head to the beat. The former angel hadn’t heard this song before. Maybe it wasn’t a huge favourite of Dean’s. The hunter knew the song though as he found out when Dean started to pat his thighs, drumming along with John Bonham.
“Time to go Castiel.”
He could feel him. He could sense him there. It was overwhelming.
Dean shook his head. “Come on man…” he groaned, “What were you thinking? You know your mojo’s gone. Why risk it? You could’ve actually died this time.”
Dean wanted to scream. He wanted to throw up. He wanted to smoke.
The hunters eyes shot open at the whisper of his name and he sat up quickly. He looked to see Castiel looking back at him, the colour slowly starting to come back to his cheeks.
Sam let out a long breath and ran his fingers through his hair. He then paused and furrowed his brows. “He couldn’t heal himself? Why?”
When Jack said he was going to be a “hands-off” kind of god, the hope in Dean’s heart dissipated. But after multiple nights of Dean drinking until he was flat on the floor, staring up at the bunkers cold white ceilings, and Sam carrying the dead weight of his brother to his room, he finally broke.
Maybe he should take up smoking again?
The brothers carried Cas to the infirmary and laid him gently down on one of the beds, Dean at his head and Sam at his feet. They immediately went to work. Dean ripped off Cas’ now ruined shirt and threw it to the side to find the bandage from the hospital completely soaked. “Shit, shit, shit…Sam!”
Castiel began to walk around the table towards him. “Can you ever look at someone and think about their feelings first? Or how they act around you?” He stopped in front of the hunter.
“I can’t carry you. I’m too weak myself. I’m gonna have to drag you. Open your eyes, Cas!” He tapped the angel’s cheek again which made his eyes open. “Look at me, look at me…hey. You’ll be fine. I’ll get you out of here.”
He couldn’t place it, or name it, but his body started moving before his mind could comprehend what was happening. He left the chair behind him and his other hand seemed to float up to Cas’ cheek and rest softly on it.
Dean smiled and took another bite of his pasta. They soon finished up and he helped Desiree clean up. It was now 6:30 am and all the starch in his stomach was starting to weigh Dean down and he was suddenly exhausted. He thanked Desiree for the meal and for letting him stay and they both called it a night. But despite how tired Dean was, he couldn’t fall asleep. His brain kept replaying the event so the day before. The drive up, the hunt. Cas…
would show, or that he
Completely confused as to what just happened, and seeing that Cas didn’t want to chat anymore, he stood up. With the chair making an ear-bleeding screech against the floor, he marched out of the room and closed the door, maybe little too hard.
“Hello, Dean,” the featureless figure murmured, soft voice chording across his name in gentle greeting but the reality of the smooth, evenly timbre voice slammed into Dean like a ton of bricks. It was too soft, too feminine- didn’t curl around his name with that fragile adoration. They unfolded with natural grace, rising to their full height in one swift movement and in a blink, Dean was craning his head back just to gaze up at the figure- the man.
Castiel looked up at Sam and grinned. “Hello, Sam.”
It was love.
Another light bulb explodes above his head, and luckily the thick material of his jacket and jeans save his skin from being burned.
Cas inserted a second and a third finger without Dean even realizing it. Dean had to resist fucking himself on Cas’ fingers. He wanted to enjoy this properly. He needed to.
Dean’s brain wouldn’t let up. So many questions and what if’s and shouldn’t haves.
The hunter turned back to the woman, who stood there with her hands clasped together in front.
The former angel locks his phone and places it on top of Dean’s in the centre console. “Agreed. You look terrible.”
“Yeah, he’s fine. Still with Eileen. Do you need something to eat? Drink?”
He most likely didn’t want to see Dean. Who the hell knows why, but he can’t stay in his room forever. If he’s human now, he’s gotta come out eventually.
Suddenly, a scream came from the back of the pack. Dean couldn’t see who made it, but then a second scream sounded. Dean spotted Castiel slashing his angel blade and slicing off heads left and right. That caused the nest to erupt and they all ran at the two hunters.
Deans thumb froze on the screen. Of course Sam suggested him. How is he supposed to know that Cas was the last person Dean wanted to see right now. He’s been trying so hard to avoid him over the last few months, but clearly not enough to have Sam notice that.
“Yeah,” Dean shrugged. “After I got off the phone with you, I had a panic attack and she helped me."
“You really scared me back there, man.” Dean played with the hem of the blanket that was laying over Cas. “I thought I lost you for good.”
How could he be so stupid? Of course Cas was trying to avoid him. It was the goddamn kiss. Now that he thought of it, did Cas actually kiss him back? Did he even want it in the first place?
One day, Sam and Cas were in the map room. Sam was sat at his laptop reading off the screen and Cas was beside him, leaning on his hands on the table staring down at the laptop as well. There was a Rugaru down in Lafayette, Louisiana that had already killed 4 people and Sam was filling Cas in on the details of the attacks when the steel front door of the bunker swung open with a squeal and Dean walked in with two grocery bags hanging off one arm and a case of beer tucked into his side. “Honey, I’m home!” came his deep, husky voice.
Dean needed to be closer, so without breaking the kiss, he got onto his knees on the bed and kissed down into Cas, arching his back out and tilting Cas’ head up. The moan that erupted in Cas’ throat ignited something in Dean and he pushed Cas’ down onto his back by his shoulders and he climbed on top of him, straddling his hips.
“Dean, you alright?” Cas asked, his deep voice impossibly lower. The hunter but his lip and nodded, his eyes slipping closed.
Right off the bat, Sam doesn’t believe him. He wants to press further but he knows that Dean will end up shutting him down so he doesn’t. Instead, he stands up. “Alright then. It’s late so I’m gonna call it.”
“Who are you?” Dean asked deeply, which gained no response in return. The woman just stared over Dean’s shoulder at the angel and the hunter turned back to him, only to be met with glazed eyes and a single tear that falls down Castiel’s cheek.
Cas’ had no idea what just happened but Dean is having the time of his life so he’s happy.
He felt a touch on his arm and the voice started to become more clear.
Castiel squeezes his eyes shut and more tears fall. A small sob escapes his lips as his head falls forward and he takes a laboured breath in. “This was the only way.”
Dean expected more, but not getting anymore out of the angel, his rolled his eyes and unravelled the cord from around the cassette. He popped it into the tape deck and switched the ignition one click. The lights on the dashboard turned on as well as the small display on the stereo. He grabbed his phone, searched around for a playlist and plugged the aux cord into the phone. Almost immediately, Led Zeppelin’s ‘Good Times Bad Times’ started playing over the Continentals speakers. Dean was actually impressed with the quality of the sound. Much cleaner than the impalas. Clearly whoever Cas stole the car from appreciated good acoustics. The bass drum was super punchy from the subwoofer in the trunk.
Nothing else mattered, just Cas against Dean, Dean against Cas, the two of them in a freefall. Dean thought for a second that this felt a lot like flying, and maybe he wasn't so afraid of that after all.
He leaned down to kiss Dean's forehead and grabbed his hands to help hoist him out of bed as well.
But if there was one thing Dean was confident in, it was his ability to repress.
Before Castiel could finish taking in the environment, the excited girl who had proclaimed herself chaperone grabbed his arm, looping her own through it. Even while Charlie laughed and joked, Castiel's eyes were flickering around the room, identifying each face as "Not Dean" before moving to the next. Cas wondered when he would be able to walk around the school without being horrified that Dean would find him, but he clearly had time left to serve out this sentence.
There was no way that could have been Dean’s fault.
Dean was far too distracted and needed to get out of his head, mainly if Castiel stayed there. Only space enough for one of them.
Cas gasped, the sound melting into a moan as he felt Dean pulling at his shorts, the sweet added friction was enough to have his skin flushing, the pink settling into his neck was a dead giveaway as to Cas’s frame of mind. When Cas spoke next, he sounded considerably less collected, no matter how casual his words were. “While this is very nice and I have no complaints whatsoever, I really was looking forward to the kiss you promised.”
“What the hell, Cas?” The whispered question was far removed from the shout he had intended.
The stranger’s eyes flickered through a few different expressions, each one as unreadable as the last. He settled on one, forehead creased, brows drawn in together with his lips pressed tight against themselves. He hummed quietly in contemplation. “I’m… Pointing it at you.” His voice was slightly unsure, and Dean kicked himself mentally for thinking the man was cute.
is how she saw you take the menu from me and pass me a napkin.”
"Oh, God yes," Dean spoke with such enthusiasm that Cas found that the affection it sparked twisted up his stomach into knots. "Sorry, that's probably so weird to say… Shit, I'm just digging myself a big hole here. Can you help me out here bit, Cas?" Dean looked at him with a hint of hope in his eyes, and Castiel stepped in closer instead of responding.
Castiel was powerless, his usual ability to suppress had left the building the moment Dean’s lips came this close to his own. “You can’t mean that.” His self-doubt stuck around, however.
:don’t worry I’m fine. got a room at a motel, tell sam if he asks.
stranger, too. He looked Dean's age, but he dressed like he had a doubleheader with a job interview.
Before he could say so, Castiel cut him off with an apology.
He liked the way he made the man laugh this time, feeling in on the joke for the first time since he felt that intense gaze. “So you’ve broken into my house, and now you’re goading me into playing doctor?”
Gravity played its part in the universe’s carefully choreographed long con, and Cas slid right into the waiting mattress depression, firmly wedging his thigh against Dean’s.
Dean even admitted things he hadn't ever acknowledged himself, let alone shared with anyone. Dean's sexuality wasn't so much suppressed as it was ignored, and he had managed to avoid it for the eighteen years he walked the earth so far, at least before this summer. Castiel had just brought up the topic so casually, and the possibilities that opened up had Dean stumbling through his first time coming out. Of course, Castiel had done so much more eloquently, always speaking in that way that made Dean think he might be from another time.
Castiel never saw this coming. If someone had told him he’d be here a year ago, he would have laughed in their face. But, here he was, and here they were, and oh God, what now?
Dean stood leaning against the exam table now, Castiel in front of him, their eyes locked in a sort of staring contest. The space between them was quickly covered as Cas took a few deliberate steps forward, now less than a foot away from Dean. Clearly not intimidated or worried about the strange blood-covered intruder, Castiel patted the table next to Dean, signaling him to hop up, making a pleased grunt in the back of his throat as acknowledgment when Dean did as indicated. Walking over to the sink to wash his hands, the man stopped and grabbed a lab coat from where it hung on a hook on the wall. Dean reminded himself that he was absolutely not attracted to a man in uniform, and absolutely didn’t have a thing for
fucking gun, stolen from his damn pants by some vagrant, and now it could be the thing that kills him. Oh, to be taken out like this, after having survived hand-to-hand combat with fucking demons and monsters and having been shot-bitten-stabbed-scratched-burned-slashed-tortured-attacked six ways to Sunday. Dean would not let some fuckin’
Cas cried out, seemingly brought to the brink by Dean’s words, or by the desire he found in his eyes once they met. Cas came, covering both his stomach and Dean’s, even a little landing on Dean’s collarbone, nearly atop an earlier hickey. Dean held Cas close as he came back down, feeling Cas nuzzle into his shoulder and Dean’s eyes filled with tears. He was just… overwhelmed at the events that had unfolded on what was supposed to be a lonely drunk movie night, and it instead turned into a completely sober hookup with his best friend and roommate for whom he has feelings for that he’d been able to ignore for a while. He couldn’t ignore his wants when it comes to Cas now, There’s simply no way he could be given such a gift like that just for it to be taken away, it might crush him. This is the part Dean was afraid of. The after, the talking.
The boy spoke then, slow and careful, his voice deeper than expected, "I don't mind." He seemed genuine, and a small smile tugged at the corner of his lips.
He gestured widely at Castiel’s appearance.
The table let out a nearly synchronized sigh like Castiel’s life was some teenage romance novel, and Meg ruffled his hair with a reassuring pout. "Gotta be something real special then, kid. Tell me more." He knew the other girls likely pitied him, but Meg's care seemed genuine. It was just days ago that Cas was face to face with Dean, just days ago that he felt the bubbling hope and excitement that the other brought him, just days ago that Dean washed it all away.
like there aren’t perfectly good, already planted ones for sale right next to ‘em.”
“There is enough room for both of us. There is no need for that.” Castiel responded, sidestepping Dean’s attempt to start a fight with practiced ease and feigned ignorance. “Are you upset?”
“Not the point, Cas.
He wasn’t
Cas hadn’t realized he’d spoken neutrally while trying to avoid Dean’s name.
Castiel had that same leveled expression on his face, the calm surety of someone, or if Dean were honest, some
or seeing Cas staring at him with tears in his eyes.
Alright, one word is better than nothing. Dean could work with that. At that point, he might have settled for having his guns returned, surrendering the house, but his curiosity outweighed his self-preservation at the moment. “Oh, shit, man, did you do those murals? I’m not much of an artist, but I think they’re nice.”
“Now it just looks like I have a whole lotta nobody. That checks out at least, maybe this fortune-telling stuff is magic,” Dean jumped into easy joking, and Cas was glad for it.
If that was a hint of fire Dean thought he might see behind those blue eyes, heaven is a touchy subject for this angel. Great. What did Bobby get him into?
kicking his ass.” Dean spoke, and Castiel was mesmerized as always, the tingling heat of the vodka he felt in his arms and legs and stomach and head only amplified his desire, and he felt silly for having thought the opposite would ever happen. When has underage drinking ever made anyone have any
“I am an angel, and I was not blocked from entering. I do not even feel weakened, and that leads me to believe any additional runes or…” Castiel droned on, tracing symbols in the air with his finger as he spoke, but Dean couldn’t hear a thing. His brain was on overdrive.
Something about the self-assured smile he sent towards Dean made him think that the conclusion Cas had reached may not match his own.
Castiel undid his seatbelt and slid across the bench seating to get closer to Dean, moving the bag from the winery from where it had been sat between them as a barrier. He reached up to cup Dean’s cheek, feeling the relaxed grin under his touch. “I’m glad we get to have bad days together, Dean.” Castiel returned the smile, his hand sliding down to rest on the other man’s neck, bringing their lips together in a soft kiss. That kiss turned into another one, turned into a third until they were both satisfied that their earlier words had been sufficiently made up for.
“When I woke up the first time, it was maybe 6 am. I was alone in that room. The lights were off, it was dark and no one was there. I was quite lonely, but I was so weak I almost immediately fell back asleep.” Castiel kept his gaze down at his hands in between his knees. “Then, you were suddenly there when I woke up the second time.”
Castiel sat in the passenger seat, his hand gripping the door handle, his knuckles almost white. He wasn’t usually nervous about weather or driving, but this situation wasn’t sitting well with him. He pursed his lips as he breathed deeply in and out of his nose, his nostrils flaring with every exhale. He had full faith in Dean being able to get them back to the bunker though.
"I believe I've always been, on at least some level, aware of my interest in men. But the exact moment? That was seventh grade, after an entire month of dreaming about another boy in my class. I realized that my feelings weren't going anywhere, and so I labeled myself as gay." Cas spoke clearly, steadily, as if he hadn't just done the most groundbreaking thing Dean could imagine. Coming out was so far removed from Dean's life, or he had thought, that it genuinely hadn't even crossed his mind as an option. At least Cas called himself gay instead of 'homosexual,' Dean might have giggled at the formality, and he didn't want Cas to think he was laughing at him.
Where? Where was Dean getting coffee in the morning?
“So what?
No matter how great things were, Dean knew his summer romance would come to an end. So, he prepared, tried to push away any emotions stronger than convenient, pretended this was nothing but a fling when he knew it was much more. The closer the first day of school became, the more Dean found himself dreading the passage of time. He hated and loved Castiel for having burrowed his way into Dean's usually thick exterior within the span of a single season.
“Two doubles, thanks,” Dean cut off Cas’s train of thought, not wanting to hear whatever he was attempting to say.
Castiel laughed softly, almost a little sad. His worries were a bit more complex than how he’d get private time with Dean. He was more worried about the homophobia of Dean’s teammates, the reaction of the principal and the pastor if they were to be caught, or maybe the worst of all - they’d get back to school and Dean would realize this was all a mistake. He could deal with that later, he needed to be in the moment and appreciate what he had in front of him right now. Dean.
“Before you say no, we’ve never done it together because you always say no and I respect that and you and you know that, right, Cas? But maybe since it’s a special night or whatever, I just thought maybe you’d want to....” Dean’s hurried rant trailed off as he pulled a bottle of vodka out of his backpack.
His moans began to stretch into longer sounds, & then Dean heard movements on the bed, the squeaking of the mattress, followed by the headboard knocking into the wall. Once the pair next door reached this point in their escapades, the man let out almost a constant stream of filthy talk & dirty grunts & whines that made Dean
There was nothing behind the careful way he held his breath while Cas brought his fingers up to his neck, needlessly brushing against his bare skin while adjusting his tie, no reason to overthink how Dean had felt when he was able to stare at Castiel unbidden, so close, without Cas’s full attention.
Dean and Castiel clicked easily and quickly, almost immediately realizing that they'd spend the whole summer together. It hadn't been spoken directly, Dean just kept showing up to the beach every day, and Cas kept bringing his towel. It only took four days before Dean dropped the pretense of his beer cooler and Castiel stopped carrying along his book. They managed to take three days of sitting thirty feet apart and turn it into spending hours on the beach when it was empty, sharing a smoke on the giant blanket that Castiel loved, trading music facts while driving around town in Dean's car with the radio blasting, exploring the woods and running through streams and over hills and climbing trees like they were little kids again.
“You still good for a late one tonight?”
Cas was just looking at their hands, his face entirely blissed-out, chest flushed with arousal, but still the most tender look on his face. Dean thought he was going to melt away with the intensity of just how much he felt. Dean moved his attention to Castiel’s hip, ignoring the half-hearted protests, instead basking in the warmth he felt spreading from his fingers where they were between Cas’s own. Dean’s thumb brushed carefully across the back of Castiel’s hand, the chaste touch a clear contradiction to the way Dean seemed to be intent on torturing Castiel with teasing sensations. Dean used his free hand to trace up and down Castiel’s body, just nearly touching his cock each time his hand moved past.
Dean mumbled something incoherent under his breath and tried to push himself up on the mattress.
Two more songs with some shitty techno beat, this woman pressing increasingly closer, and Dean
There was this one hallway in St Cecelia's that was always empty. It was barely long enough to be considered a corridor; it was more of a glorified entrance, bookended by two sets of double doors. Castiel had adopted the place as his sanctuary early in his first year. The tiny space led to the church's side entrance, so the doors remained locked on weekdays, a perfect hideaway from the rest of the world.
Castiel didn’t immediately hand them over, and Dean scoffed.
Cas entered his full first name, hesitating on the field for his last name, unsure how formal Dean's contacts were. Cas had emojis in lieu of last names in his own phone, but having to choose a symbol to leave behind for Dean was entirely too daunting. So he left it at that, a simple Castiel with his number entered. He also put his room number down in the address slot, hoping it didn't come across as too forward; when he handed the phone back to Dean, he saw the slight smirk hidden there.
He took his time getting ready, just to end up pulling on the same outfit he usually relies on, dark jeans, a button-down shirt, his favorite shoes. Nothing fancy. Despite the ten-minute walk from home to the school's campus, his mother had insisted on driving him, resulting in being early for his first day. That didn't end up translating into being early for his first class, however. The school was organized in a terrible fashion; the numbering system for rooms barely made sense. And, to make it worse, Castiel had just finished bragging to his mother about his competency with building layouts. He ended up asking the custodian, who pointed out the room he was looking for.
He used packing his bags at Bobby's as an excuse to leave early on their last Friday, killing the hope they shared about their previous weekend. Together. He stuttered through the additional reasons of summer reading and Sam returning from camp, and he needed to get things ready for when his dad came back and needing to settle in back at his house, and he's
she’d come help.
Dean’s mouth went dry, his eyes wide. “Um. Y-Yeah.”
“Oh, stop it, if that’s true, you only can blame yourself. When has any girl ever turned you down? Future you must not be asking.” Castiel blocked the elbow Dean sent towards him, avoiding a nudge to the side and instead grabbing Dean’s bicep for a second to stop him. Cas dropped his hands away like he was burned when Dean smirked and flexed. He should be used to Dean’s showboating, but something about the low light, or their proximity, or the fact that they were nearly a mile from the nearest person... Cas was struggling to hide his crush, stupid and unattainable as it was.
Dean wasn’t about to argue with a reason for another shot, and he thought Cas’s tendency to lean towards superstitious was cute, and it was the whole reason they were there, so he poured them out without further interrogation.
he does
Except for the big Feelings one, but that was a given.
Cas had no plans on telling anyone who he’d been with.
In trying to maneuver them into a position where Dean could catch the man in a headlock, he made his left side vulnerable for a split second. That split second was too long, and the man evaded Dean’s grip entirely, his hand briefly slipping into Dean’s waistband, again effortlessly dancing around any attempt to stop him. Dean realized too late that meant his handgun was gone, and he lost focus on the fight to arm himself. The shotgun was just a few feet away, the knife a bit further in the other direction. Dean wouldn’t have time to retrieve either; his adversary seemed intent on ending their struggle for dominance. It all happened at near worrying speed, the gun tucked into the back of the man’s jeans, his arms wrapped around Dean’s torso, and then they were flying, tipping, and finally
Dean's favorite parts of the picture were Cas's smile and his hands around the cup. His fingernails were painted; some done much better than others. Days before, Castiel had painted them a cobalt blue while they sat on the ground outside the car. It was evident to Dean which fingers of Cas's he had tried to paint, especially next to Castiel's precision. Castiel offered to paint Dean's too, but Dean just shrugged it off. That just happened to be one of those societal hangups that Cas could toss aside while Dean managed to be paralyzed underneath its weight.
It’s my fault you couldn’t find it without help?”
It could have been seconds or minutes before Dean squeezed his eyes shut and wiped the sleeve of his jacket across his cheeks. Dean gathered himself and slid his phone out from his pocket. Cas had texted back, but he couldn’t bring himself to read it at that moment. He wanted to Capital-A Avoid™  for a little bit longer. His mind wandered to the bottle of liquor he knew he had in the trunk. Steeling himself, he stood up and turned towards his parking spot. Dean reached the back corner of the lot, his hand almost on the door handle of his car before he felt someone behind him.
No, Dean was not giving up. He would figure this out himself. Another flash of pain washed through Dean’s body as he slammed the trunk shut and yanked the front door of his car open.
Cas sighed, wriggling away despite soft protestations from Dean.  “When do we have to leave and drive back?” Castiel spoke quietly, his eyes grazing across the room everywhere but on Dean, and taking in his surroundings.
Once she had sufficiently studied the image, seemingly in deep thought, she handed it back to Dean, thankfully not commenting on the fact that the photo was still favorited in his albums.
Dean couldn’t help but smile and jog to keep up with the pace when Cas grabbed his elbow to drag him inside.
“Fine.”
“Are you saying that I could put that information to use?” Dean shot right back, his gaze bearing further into Cas’s eyes.
It was Castiel who broke the kiss. He pulled back, tugging Dean’s bottom lip between his teeth, and rested his forehead against Dean’s. They sat like that, catching their breath while sharing air. Dean’s thumbs pressed into Cas’s hips and he smiled as Cas played idly with the hairs on the back of his head.
Auto-shop projects went by the wayside, Castiel drifted into center stage. The nap he needed to take in order to avoid thinking about Cas was foiled by his summer with Cas. Figures. He opened his eyes, nearly screaming when he realized there was someone in his passenger seat.
Thin Mints just don’t taste the same once you’ve found out you had purchased them from a demon.
“I even stayed on theme. See, Vodka. Russian.” Dean added, looking at Cas with those big green puppy eyes that sent him reeling.
startled Cas from his focus, and he quickly marked his page and set aside the binder. When he turned to address his passengers, Dean met his look with a smile. Castiel liked how Dean smiled with his whole face. Crinkled corners of his eyes, flushed cheekbones, his smile nearly glowing. If his hair was mussed before, Cas wasn’t sure there was an appropriate way to describe it now. Dean caught his gaze and ran his fingers through the mess in an attempt to erase the clear signs of having his hair pulled. Cas let his eyes drop for a second to where the top few buttons of Dean’s shirt remained undone and confirmed that Dean’s blush carries down his neck onto the top of his chest. So did his freckles.
things too much, since it was always his fault, always his missteps that he was chasing a cure for. Dean squeezed his eyes shut, trying to forget how good Cas felt pressed against him, how right it felt to kiss him, how wrong it felt when the panic bubbled up and he shoved Cas away. All he sees behind his eyelids are his mistakes, so he opened his eyes.
The boy took his phone back but couldn't immediately put it away. He lost a few moments staring at the screen, wondering what chance they could have stood if Dean hadn't burned that bridge.
Castiel spent the last few days of his summer sulking around the small cabin his parents had rented for the past few months. It was his last night there, all his things packed, and he was ready to move on as he always was.
” If the words came out harsher than intended, Dean didn’t let it show on his face. He didn’t exactly stay quiet either, though.
The confusion dropped off of Castiel’s face and was immediately replaced with a gentleness Dean was positive he hadn’t seen before. It only served to increase the ache caused by the distance between them.
Dean made no effort to conceal the overflow of emotions, even ignored the errant tear that slipped out.
Cas nodded his thanks, and this time it was his turn to toast. “за нас,” he spoke the toast quietly and they both tossed back their second shots, Dean slightly more graceful than the other boy. Cas put the glass down with a few drops of vodka on his lip, and Dean simply reached up and swiped it away with his thumb, entirely unaddressed. Cas was immobilized for a moment, but Dean was already moving on.
Castiel shot Dean a look. “I am not a witch.”
“Is Ghost one of those films you mentioned earlier?” Castiel’s question came as a slight shock, bringing Dean back into his body, suddenly all too aware that Castiel was holding both his hands, was pressed against his back, was breathing hot behind his ear.
Dean’s entire existence was the point of contact between him and Castiel. His other hand reached blindly back, finding the angel’s and grasping for purchase beyond any reasonable explanation.
“Fine.”
Dean’s eyes lit up, and Cas couldn’t help but laugh. “What, come on, you know I like settin’ stuff on fire. Who doesn’t?” Dean defended himself, voice defiant and Cas just shook his head.
Dean needed more than the concerned housewife act.
The embarrassment was Dean’s now. At his hesitation, Sam practically howled with laughter. Their ability to read each other went both ways, unfortunately for Dean. The older brother huffed, crossing his arms in frustration & readjusted his seating position to kill time while Sam’s fit dissolved into a final breathless giggle.
“The waitress earlier asked how long we’d been married, not the length of our sexual relationship.”
He wanted to mention that Gabriel would be away all weekend, but Castiel chickened out after handing Dean back his cell, their fingers lingering in joined contact for much longer than needed. If just that tiny amount of contact was enough to have Castiel's brain short-circuiting, changing him into someone who comfortably flirts with boys and sounds confident and relaxed, he wasn't sure what would happen if they spend time together alone in Castiel's empty dorm room.
The man’s expression faltered for a moment, but then he visibly relaxed, shoulders loose now instead of pulled tightly together with his muscles contracted.
Cas told stories with an odd, reverent intensity. Dean knew that when Castiel spoke, it was the entire truth. The usual barriers or filters Dean was used to seeing in others didn't exist for Castiel. At first, it had made Dean feel exposed even though it was Castiel opening up.
. Cas had a way of speaking that felt like his voice was reaching inside Dean’s chest, lighting him up from inside. “It would be remarkably unprofessional at this point to not ensure that you begin your healing process as safely as possible.”
Castiel had expected to hear a few choice words from his teacher when he slunk in through the door late on the first day, but it didn't appear class had started. He did
I think that’s a fair assumption, considering what she had witnessed.
The tiny motel reception area the pair stood in looked identical to the last dozen they’d been in.
Cas seemed concerned, sensing the change in Dean’s demeanor.
Charlie had said she’d told
The way Cas spoke so plainly made it so easy to forget that he shouldn’t be doing this. Cas was speaking with his head leaned back onto Dean’s shoulder, his ass still sinfully close to Dean’s erection, his neck exposed.
“So you knew I’m a hunter, and you still thought it’d be a good idea to sneak up on me? And why are you friggin’ asking questions about my damn sigils for? Had me thinkin’ I’d need to explain a few things to someone outside of the life.” Dean’s frustration leaked easily into his tone. Now that he knew Castiel was his damned contact, he could talk to him like they were on the job together, since they kinda were. Dean thought. Really, he wasn’t sure what was happening anymore.
It had been an hour of lounging around and watching the water when Dean decided to grab a second beer. As he leaned forward, he saw a blurry figure walking up the shoreline. Dean sighed and squinted his eyes, trying to identify the figure, and found himself hoping it was the weird little teenage businessman he'd been seeing. As much as Dean liked his solitary beach time, coveting time to sing with his rock music without being side-eyed for belting too loudly, he couldn't shake the intrigue he'd felt since he first laid eyes on the boy.
He was glad for Dean's supporting hand under the camera as Castiel gave no further thought to his grip on the object. Instead, he focused on the insane improbability of what had happened. Dean pulled away too quickly, eyes wide and an apology forming on his lips. Castiel decided to shut that down before it could end the moment, and he pulled Dean in again with one hand around the back of his neck.
Dean laughed a carefree laugh that dug into Castiel’s walls and brought a smile to his eyes. Not his lips though, he had those pursed as if waiting for a response other than a giggle. He’s always careful not to give Dean too much.
After what felt like the most agonizingly frustrating minute of Dean’s life, Cas finally gave it to him, first biting and then soothing the mark with his tongue, pressing an open-mouthed kiss on Dean’s tanned skin. The kiss became more, and Castiel sucked at Dean’s neck until he tugged a moan from his lips and Dean lost his patience. He grabbed Cas and pulled him back, pressing their lips together. It felt more than natural, it felt nearly unfair that they hadn’t had this sooner, but it seemed at least now, neither of them wanted to give it up.
Dean cried out Cas’s name, his full name, and something in Cas snapped. He moaned, low and rumbling through his chest as he frantically increased his pace, the sounds he was making joining Dean’s soft cries in the room. Dean was close, he could feel Cas was close and so he leaned up as much as he could to press his lips against Cas’s ear. “Please, Castiel, I’m gonna,” Dean whispered, the sound Cas made in response was nearly indecent. Dean couldn’t hold himself back any longer and that noise was what put him over the edge. Dean cried out again,
Finally, finally, Castiel put down the shotgun, resting the barrel against the wall. He crossed his arms, also removing the threat of the pistol that had been, up until that moment, still trained on Dean.
No use thinking about the could-have-beens. He wasn't ready, and that was that.
Dean shrugged off his flannel, hissing a little as the movement pulled at the cut across his chest. He would poke around for some of the good drugs later, but a big swig from his flask would have to do for now. With a silent eulogy for the life of his favorite t-shirt, Dean used his pocket knife to finish it off. If anyone asked, Dean would deny it, but he contemplated keeping it despite the slash mark and the bloodstains, but he knew right now he preferred losing the shirt overstretching his arms over his head with the cut he was currently sporting.
Dean asked, a touch more tender than he had meant to sound.
Dean was frozen. Cas was still staring him dead in the eye, simultaneously rummaging through the back pocket of Dean’s jeans as if he belonged there.
Castiel hadn’t expected to see a single person out of the closet, so that was a welcome surprise.
At the end of their time together, Dean wanted to break it off with Castiel on his own terms. Dean avoided being left behind at any cost, preferring to be the one who goes, even if that meant sacrificing the last few days they had left to spend. It would be less painful in the long run if he were to turn and walk away of his own accord. Dean wasn't sure if he could handle being the one left behind on the pier as Castiel kissed him goodbye.
"Castiel, your mother and I... All three of us," He gestured to Cas widely. "We're done hopping from town to town. We got the funding to open a branch just miles away. Starting tomorrow, you can have a normal senior year..."
“Are we going straight at this light?” To an onlooker, Castiel’s words may seem like a question, but they both knew the intent behind such a prodding question, especially considering the previous dozen similar digs he’d already delivered on the drive so far.
The first glimpse of himself in the mirror in the bathroom was worrisome. The glitter appeared everywhere, stuck all over his arms, his face, lips, sweater, his nice jeans. He had no idea where to start without a shower, and there was no way Castiel would be journeying to the big gym's locker room to bum it in the communal showers. To no avail, Castiel tried to wipe it off with his hand. Nothing. A paper towel, and nothing. Both of those options but wet. Still, the glitter barely budged. He tried both of those options but wet
His first drive with Dean was over a month ago now, and Castiel had taken to the details of his permanent assignment and new life with ease. He had to relocate, moving away from, well, truthfully he didn’t have much of a life in New York to leave behind. When the new living situation is an airy condo on a tree-lined, beautifully landscaped street, it’s impossible to complain. He was paid exceedingly well, treated with respect, and all he had to do was drive an attractive, charming man from point A to point B. They held a pleasant conversation on most occasions, Dean only falling silent when extremely overworked. Cas even adapted quickly to his client’s unconventional ways.
he really didn’t pay any attention to what he should call her.
Dean looked up and away from the mirrors he sat between, locking eyes with Castiel, a knowing, confident smirk. Cas realized too late he had been caught, but he didn’t find himself caring anymore. It must have been the last shot he took that did away with the last of his reservations.
__________________
drunk. I do, and I hate that dry bullshit, and since I can’t have the whiskey-“ Castiel shot him a look that told him to drop the whiskey from the conversation. “Since we have to bring
ive sinned, but whateverrrrr.  This AU wouldn't leave me alone, so i added onto what i meant to be a oneshot, instead of working on my actual planned chaptered work !  but!  I love Cas as a vet painting all his animal clients all over the walls.  I do not know why but Cas always ends up making art in the background of my fics I don't do it on purpose!  but there ya go!  thank u for reading.
"No, don't," Cas spoke more forcefully than intended, and Dean seemed to startle. However, his smile still didn't disappear despite the nerves Castiel could see subtly concealed beneath. Castiel thought Dean must have a lot of practice to hide himself as well as he did. "I mean," Castiel lowered his voice, ducking his head, "I'm sorry, I could help. What did you think when you picked this spot?" Cas took the camera from Dean's hand steadily, stepping far into the back corner with his back to the stained glass window.
Dean gasped at the sudden touch, pulling slightly at the grip on his arms out of a need to grab Cas by the hair. He didn’t exactly want to, but he was pretty sure he couldn’t move his arms even if he tried and that sent heat spreading through his spine. Dean could just lay there, gasping out little moans as Cas laved attention over his chest, his shoulders, his neck, leaving a thread of dark bruises in his wake.
Dean slid one hand into Castiel’s hair as the other man swiped his tongue against Dean’s bottom lip, a clear invitation for more. Dean instead tugged at his hair, pulling him back hard, and the moan it released from Cas’s throat was Dean’s new favorite sound. First, Dean wanted to take care of the possessive claims to Cas, the hickeys he couldn’t get out of his head, no longer able to deny the active jealousy brought by the thought of someone else having Castiel like this.
His breath caught in his throat.
(A False Promise)
He wanted Dean to beg for it. He wanted him to plead for it. He needed to hear Dean whine and suffer for some kind of movement or touch.
The woman placed her hand softly on his shoulder and just like that, he was gone. The hunter now alone.
Oh, and it was good.
With a smile, Desiree walked over and stood at the foot of the bed. “So, Castiel, it’s time for you to go home. How are you feeling?”
There was silence on the other end before a quiet voice spoke, “It’s Cas…”
“What are these
He glanced at himself. His grey jacket was now 85% red and sticky with blood. His jeans were torn and dark brown, a mix of mud and blood. His boots…
Cas nodded and walked around the bed. He still had a small limp because of the wound on his side, but he could walk. Dean wanted to stay near just incase. The entire journey out of the hospital and to the impala, Dean stayed close to Cas’ right side, his hand just hovering at his back, ready to catch him if needed. Once they walked through the automatic doors, the cool morning air enveloped them and blew the awkward tension between them away. Dean grabbed Cas’ elbow when they reached the curb and the hunter stepped down first and gripped tightly as Cas’ stepped down gingerly. No hisses, or winces. Good.
“Right...” he mutters to himself, and he cleared his throat.
Whether it’s his or the vamps, who knows, but the smell is overpowering, and he’s exhausted. There had to be at least 30 or so vamps in this nest, which is uncommon as they usually only stay in packs of 6-8 at most.
“But you’re not in heaven Cas. You haven’t been for a long time. You are free to feel whatever you want here. Don’t be scared of feeling.”
“Cas…please just know…” tears were now streaming down both of their faces. “I-…I love you.”
They were immediately met with mud at least a foot and a half deep. Dean cursed as his boot almost got stuck and he managed to wiggle it free, but not without stumbling. Castiel thankfully caught him before he face planted by grabbing his right wrist and elbow. Dean got his footing back on more dry ground on the edge of the driveway and stood up straight.
“Cas?” Dean gasps out, now gripped with panic. He’s never seen the angel cry before. “Who is that? What’s happening?” his voice cracks.
Dean snickered, “Sammy, you dog!” Sam shook his head in embarrassment, “No, I’m sorry, you and her have been tip toeing around each other for too long. I started to think something was up.”
“Hey Cas. Hows it going?”
“What? Dean, no!” Cas argued back. He grabbed the hunters bicep tightly and Dean stopped from reaching for the door handle. The corner of his mouth twisted up and he shook his head.
He pressed the red hang up button on his phone and dropped it on the pleather covered seat next to him. He dropped his face into his hands and took a deep breath in.
Sam nodded with a grin, confident that they’ll be fine setting off without him and left the room, leaving the other two alone. The silence came back with a vengeance.
“Whatever, you need to fill me in on everything that happened over the last few days. Every single detail.” Sam pointed at his brother, firmly. The last time they really spoke was the phone call when Cas’ was admitted, so they had some catching up to do.
Cas tilted his head in classic Castiel style, confused. “Yes, why?”
The room went blurry around him and a ringing started in his ears. His head started to throb. He couldn’t see around him or comprehend what was happening.
“I can’t just let it go. You know that. This isn’t a small argument that we had about flipping the laundry. It’s…” Dean bit his lip. He couldn’t bring himself to say anymore than that or his emotions would get the best of him. All he could do is take him as much air as he could into his lungs, hold it for a few seconds and let it back out slowly, trying to calm his nerves and not scream in the angels face. That would do neither of them any good.
“Angel’s don’t have a gag reflex.”
“I-…I ca-…I can’t.” The angel whispered, his breath shallow.
“That day…when I woke up in the hospital.” Cas spoke, cutting Dean’s thoughts short.
“Shit!” Dean caught him under his arms before he hit the floor. He glanced down and saw that he wound had began to bleed again and it soaked completely through Cas’ shirt.
Dean glanced down at the angel in his arms and his head was limp against his shoulder. The hunter started to panic. He bounced him a few times to jostle him awake.
Which is exactly what he got. Dean started to wiggle alittle bit and a small whine escaped his lips.
Dean quickly took his hand back and looked up at Cas, who was opening his eyes, his lips pursed.
“I’m…I’m alright, I guess.” Cas finally answers.
Cas dragged his tongue over Dean’s lips, and Dean slipped his mouth open, allowing Cas to kiss him deeper and harder, his breath getting louder. He rested his hand on Dean’s hip and grabbed the fabric of his shirt there, pulling towards himself.
Cas nods and smiles at his lap. He’s long lost his trench coat by now and threw it into the back seat along with Dean’s jacket. All that drumming and bass playing made it warm in the small cabin of the car, and the windows were so fogged up you couldn’t see in or out. If anyone drove by now, they would think that they hot-boxed the car.
Castiel pushed the button on the glove box door in front of him and the door dropped open, revealing said map. He grabbed it and opened it up, finding South Dakota and folding up the rest of it so he could see just the state. After a few minutes, Dean got back in the car holding a coke and a bag of Fritos. He opened the bag, took a couple pieces, shoved them in his mouth and angled the bag towards Cas. He made a small hum, apparently asking if Castiel wanted any. The Angel shook his head and Dean shrugged, grabbing a couple more pieces and eating them.
Once he ganked the two guards outside, he threw open the doors of the barn to see the entire nest. They all turned and looked at him, and Dean could feel the tension in the barn get tight. The air went cold and hair stuck up on the back of his neck.
Dean’s mouth closed and his brows snapped up. He glanced out the windshield, and around him out the drivers side window. “Or uh….we can just wait it out?”
The hunter cleared his throat and ran his fingers through his spikey hair. He rubbed his eye, suddenly aware of how tired he still was, but then froze when he felt something grab his hand. He glanced down to see the ex-angel’s hand over his, squeezing it tight. He looked up at Cas who was looking back at him with the softest expression he has ever seen. That gesture. That look. It changed something in the hunter. There was a click and a shift and an overwhelming wave of…
“For fucks sake Cas!” The hunter was sobbing now. “Why didn’t you tell me this earlier?!” He got no answer from the angel. “Cas, please…I can’t lose you!”
They kissed until Dean needed to catch his breath and they rested their foreheads together. Their breaths synchronized.
Dean wanted to scream. This is his brain, so why is it working against him?! He could use the stiffest drink he can find right now.
Dean dropped the rags onto the floor and immediately went to Cas’ face. He put his hand on his sweat covered forehead and brushed his hair back. He was colder than normal, but he was still breathing.  Dark circles now formed under his eyes and his eyebrows were knotted together.
Cas only responded with, “Oh.”
Dean took him a shaky breath. “His grace is gone, Sam…he’s human.”
Cas could feel himself getting closer and to his own displeasure, he yanked Dean’s hand off him. “It’s my turn.” He growled. Catching Dean off guard, he pushed Dean onto this side and rolled him over to Cas was now on top, holding Dean’s wrists down on the bed.
Dean’s mouth opened and closed like a fish out of water, completely blanking on what to say. “I-I don’t-I try-“
“So get this.” Dean says at the same time. Sam glares at him, rolls his eyes and looks back at the laptop. Dean smirks and pops open the bottle of beer he grabbed out of the fridge on the edge of the wooden table, hitting it with the heel of his left hand, before sitting down across from Sam.
Sam mouthed back,
Dean bowed his head and started walking again, staying on the drier edge of the driveway, the angel trailing behind. He hoped it was dark enough to hid his blush that creeped over his cheeks.
Cas nodded and he blinked slowly. It was quiet for a beat.
That sentence punched Dean in the stomach. Of course he was there. He was right beside him. He was real.
Desiree nodded and scribbled on her clip board, “That’s good to hear. So, if I could get a signature real quick, you two can be on your way.”
“Dean?”
Dean just stared at her, void of emotion. He could barely understand what the last 8 hours were, let alone what she is saying to him at the moment.
The younger brother huffed, “If you have to know…I’m meeting up with Eileen.”
There was Cas. Lying almost lifeless in the bed. Cords and tubes coming off his arms and two in his nose to help him breathe.
“But when you…you know…all that was in my head was the girls you met at bars and brought back here.”
“Dean, stop.”
“You’re okay, bud. See? Told you me and Sam would take take of you.” Dean spoke softly, and he almost cried with joy when he heard a small huff of breath fall from Cas’ lips in a very weak attempt of a laugh.
“It’s alright. Just…listen to me. I have an idea. I live just down the road. My shift is over in 20 minutes. How about you go back to the waiting room and once I’m done, you can come stay at my place tonight? I’ll feed you. You can have a little rest. I have a guest room.”
“Ecce sto-” he began weakly, a feeble attempt at casting his voice in the room. Clearing his throat again, he shook out the paper and ran a shaking palm across the surface, trapping it in his grasp. “ut ostenderet se superiori petendo a tua et dirige maius metam...”
With a final grit of his teeth, he speaks, “Veni ad me!” and lights his zippo with a quick drag over his jacket clad arm and drops it in the bowl causing a small fireball to emit from it.
Dean swallowed down the lump in his throat. “But…you’re okay now. It’s going to take awhile for you to heal, but once you’re out of here, we’re b-lining it back to the bunker and we’ll take care of you. Me and Sam.”
Cas latched his lips just under the hunter’s jaw and sucked hard, determined to leave a mark. Once spot was red and raw, he moved down, kissing every inch down his neck, over his collar bone and chest, over his stomach until he reached his jeans, barely touching his lips to the skin under his belly button. Dean kept his eyes on him, reveling in the sight before him. An ex-angel of the lord was going to have his way with him, and he wouldn’t have it any other way.
The two of them sat there in silence for a bit, the rain still pelting the car violently. The loud pangs of the rain hitting the metal roof above them filled the empty space of nothing next to their breathing and Dean’s occasional click of his tongue.
“But if we’re going to get out of his hunt alive, we need to put our differences aside.”
It was quiet for another 10 minutes until…
“Alright so,” Sam broke the silence.
Dean glanced behind Cas and saw one lone vamp sprinting towards to angel.
Dean swallowed and took a sip from the glass of water that was already sat there. “Shit, sorry. I didn’t mean to make that sound, jeez.” He couldn’t help but chuckle.
Their climaxes and adrenaline slowly came down and Cas pulled out gingerly. He slipped the condom off, tied it and deposited it in the trash can next to the bed. His head hung as he tried to catch his breath.
“Oh fuck…” that sentence made Dean twitch and lull his head back. Oh, the things he could do with that information. He cracked his eyes open, “Do you want me to..?” He winked at at the man above him.
He dragged the angel across the road and to the passenger side door. He managed to get the door open, and with the last bit of energy that he had, slump the angel onto the seat and lift his feet into the car.
“Cas…you’re human now. You gotta sleep too.”
He stares for a moment at the set up in front of him with furrowed brows and squinted eyes, as if enough concentration will start the ritual and he wouldn’t have to initiate anything, but to no avail. The barn door rattled against the frame as a gust of wind caught it, the slap of the wood interrupting the crickets banter. The colder breeze hit his ankles and ran up his legs in encouragement and he took a step forward towards his duffle bag and grabbed a dark red stained growler.
“In a way, yes.” Cas shrugs. “There was an energy that flowed through me when I had my grace. I could always feel it. In my hands, in my legs, in my head. It was like…a drug flowing through my veins. I felt it hit every finger tip, and circle back up my arms and down my body into the ground.”
“Oh yeah? Hit me.” The older hunter ripped open the case and popped open a can, taking a deep swig. As he sat down on the opposite side of the table, Cas straightened up and huffed through his nose.
He froze.
Dean closed his eyes and hung his head. “Sorry…This never happens to me… like ever.” He swallowed.
“I made a deal!” the angel snapped. He gritted his teeth. “I had to! I had to get Jack back. It wasn’t his time…”
“Shit! Cas!”
“Hell yes.” Dean hung the towel over the back of a chair and sat down at the table. Desiree grabbed two plates from the cupboard, filled them up with pasta and bread and brought them both over to the table, placing one down in front of Dean. “Bon Apetit!”
And yet, the hesitation still clung to him. His breath turned ragged as he hooked his glasses on the bridge of his nose and squinted down at the crumpled paper. In the low lighting, the scribbled handwriting was harsh and nearly illegible. As if that mattered. As if he hadn’t memorized it.
With a chuckle, Dean stood up and moved the bowl to the coffee table in front of the couch. He grabbed a blanket from Sam’s bed next to him and draped it over the young Winchester gently. He turned off the TV and, as quietly as he could, walked out of the room and closed the door.
“You know… you’ll catch a cold if you stand out in the rain for too long.”
Dean blinked up at Sam who was staring back at him, “What? Yeah, uh, Harrold, South Dakota. Should be there in about 6 hours, give or take. Gank the vampy sons-of-bitches and be out of there by sunrise.”
He could already feel a small change in the air around him. It was almost like the molecules in the empty space were being pushed out of place. The metal sheeting on the roof started to rattle and shift as the wind began to pick up. The hunter looked up towards the banging. His heart pounded against his rib cage and huffs of hot breath escaped through his lips in small translucent clouds.
After 30 excruciating minutes, they finally reached the hospital. He skidded to a stop in the emergency drop off, got out, sprinted around the front of the car and flung open Cas’ door. He started to lift the angel out of the car when he screamed to the sliding doors of the hospital. “SOMEONE HELP ME!!”
“Actually, I was hoping to keep giving.” He reached down and snaked his hand underneath Dean and dragged his finger by his hole, which made Dean shudder.
“Come and get it..”
Then suddenly, something cold whacked his face and the ringing stopped. He heard pats of footsteps come close to him and a muffled voice. It was intermittent, but it was higher pitched. A woman.
Instantly, 3 doctor’s ran out to help Dean lift Cas up and onto a stretcher. They ran into the hospital and straight into the emergency room. One nurse stepped in front of Dean and placed a hand on his chest. “Sir, you have to stay here.”
Dean lit the match and dropped it in the worn silver bowl sitting in front of him on the bar. The hunter lifted his head and looked around the room, listening intently for a swish of wings or for the light bulbs to spontaneously burst but all he was met with was silence.
Dean blinked his eyes open and gasped. The room started to sharpen as he tried to catch his breath.
“You gotta let me in, man…tell me what I can do to fix this.”
The angel’s eye lids twitched.
His heart raced. The calm he had back in the car flew out the door as soon as he stepped into the barn. Through the rotted boards, Dean can hear the crickets outside. The only sound entering his ears next to his laboured breathing.
Dean’s voice pulled him out of his head and he looked up at the hunter with knotted brows.
Dean stepped into the kitchen and saw Desiree at the stove stirring something in a pot and there was a tray with garlic bread beside her on the counter. She looked up and grinned when she saw Dean. “Oh hi! Food is almost ready. I hope you like spaghetti.”
Cas crawled his way up to Dean’s face, licking up a bead of sweat off his stomach before kissing him hard. The hunter could taste himself on Cas’ lips. Fuck, that was hot.
Ever since Mary died, Dean couldn’t shake the anger that pooled inside him.  They trusted Jack because they trusted Cas and look what happened. Mary’s gone. Jack’s gone and Chuck is tossing them around like puppets and they can’t do anything about it. All they can do is carry on with what little “Free Will” they have and save people. Hunt things.
Castiel’s ability to keep Dean on his toes was one of his favorite things about the man, he was now finding out that extended to the bedroom as well. The greedy touch he had felt on the couch just minutes before was gone, Castiel seemingly composed as he just watched. Dean felt Cas’s stare like a physical touch, every extra second Cas spent drawing his gaze over Dean’s body felt like sweet torture, the ghosting feeling of being watched not nearly enough when he wanted and had been wanting for so long. Just when Dean was about to cry out from pure frustration, Cas was moving, leaning over Dean on hands and knees. He looked predatory, and that was confirmed by the way Cas grabbed Dean’s wrists and pinned them to the bed, latching his mouth onto Dean’s collarbone.
“Wouldn’t you be if you were stabbed?” Castiel cut off his trail of thought, leaning in a bit closer as he spoke.
“That’s not… I didn’t…” Dean took another deep breath.
"I didn't mean to make you do my homework and then jump you immediately." Dean's voice trailed off, slightly starved for air. Castiel smiled when he realized he wasn't the only one whose breath had been stolen by that kiss. Even Dean was affected,
The woman in Dean’s arms took his turned head as an invitation, not noticing the tension in Dean’s shoulders. She moved in to brush her lips against his neck, a sweet soft kiss.
, Castiel. Not all of us have the whole. Y’know, immortality thing going on. If you were to shoot me, I’m pretty sure all I’d feel was the bullet. Gotta take it slow, I didn’t know what the fuck I was about to run into.”
That morning started off the same as any other; Dean had carried out a beach towel, a small cooler with a couple of smuggled beers, and the little handheld radio his dad had given him.
Dean barely flinched, just kept eye contact until Castiel spoke up. It took a few seconds of Cas desperately trying to regain the ability for speech, somehow Dean stole that from him on occasion, but when he spoke it was worlds more gathered than he felt. “One more thing, and then you can tell me how not scared you are.”
His face entirely neutral, he carefully reached around and slipped one hand into Dean’s back pocket.
“Jeez, man. Anything sacred to you?”
couldn’t
try and school him in body language.
admit that. He knew Castiel was too sharp to not notice the way he basically had to turn the car around to reach their destination, but he opted for distraction anyways. Dean turned left at the next street, as Castiel had indicated he do before, waiting as long as possible before turning his flasher on as if he didn’t want to give the angel any satisfaction of being correct. “I’ve been driving twice as long as you, what do you think gives you license to judge?”
There was no audience, no third-party perspective to consider, just the empty parking lot and the faint neon glow of the motel signage.
The pair locked eyes, and Dean felt it necessary to speak up. "Sorry, my radio too loud?" A confused head tilt instead of an answer made Dean huff out a soft laugh.
“I guess I understand why they might get that idea.”
When Dean’s phone rang, Cas silently motioned to the open partition between them in the form of a question. Shaking his head no, Dean picked up the phone and without waiting for a greeting, immediately launched into an amusing story about a celebrity he had met at an award show. Cas could tell Dean was talking to Sam, his younger brother, by everything about his tone. He always lit up when talking to his family, but Sam especially. There was this way that Dean told stories, somehow it always felt like more of a performance than a conversation, and Dean managed to include Castiel even though the driver can only hear one side of the phone call.
The rest of the class and the one after went by quickly. Sometimes being a transfer paid off; showing up to learn a concept you'd been taught already is an excellent way to ace a class. That went both ways, though; it wasn't entirely uncommon to start a semester feeling like he walked in during intermission and missed all the background and build-up. Thankfully, it seemed so far that this school leaned towards the former option.
Dean chuckled darkly at himself, trying to shake off the negative feelings bubbling up. How weak he had sounded when he tried to excuse away his actions. Hope breaking into sadness in Castiel’s eyes, the way it was like a switch flipped, and seconds later the feelings were wiped clear, Cas stood tall and stiff as a soldier as if he were perfectly unaffected. The split second when Dean saw Cas’s lip shake before his jaw clenched in determination to stay in control. The tremor in the way he heard Cas call out his name as he ran out.
The gentleness in your eyes when you thought I didn’t notice you staring. The way you watched my lips and licked your own. She could have easily read into that. It would be understandable if she did.” The last sentence Castiel spoke seemed to hold an extra weight that Dean immediately vowed to ignore.
Castiel even shook hands like he was at a job interview, grasping Dean's hand in a way that could only be described as professional. It made Dean laugh a little. Between that, the boy's stick straight posture, and his fancy shoes, Castiel looked like a teenage accountant. Dean had an urge to see him loosen up a bit, and if he was lucky, to be the one to help facilitate that.
Neither of them knew exactly how it happened, but Castiel ended up underneath Dean on his chair again, Dean straddling his hips with his patented sly grin. Castiel could see the small bruise he left on Dean’s neck, and the sight made him laugh.
Dean raised his eyebrows at Castiel, blinking a few times before answering once it was clear he had nothing else to add. “Dunno. Place next to the library. Jealous? Wanna come?”
“I don’t think you’re close enough, either.”
think you’d find that, historically, my oversized, genderless blouse is much more accurate than those horrible business suits.”
Dean searched Castiel’s face for any heavenly sign that he could have noticed before, the strange otherness in angel eyes, the electric pulse of their power, anything that he might have missed the first time but came up dry. He only found bright blue eyes, staring straight back and following the path Dean’s focus traced over Castiel’s features.
Castiel tilted his head, a motion Dean felt more than saw, the angel’s hair brushing against Dean’s cheek as he moved. “Ghost is a romance film? So it isn’t about an earth-bound spirit?”
How’d he fuck up his sigil? He’d been using this one for nearly a decade and hadn’t had any angelic troubles before now. He knocked himself out of his reverie enough to ask a few of the questions rolling through his head. He didn’t care that he’d spaced out and hadn’t processed anything the angel had said since he dropped that identity bomb.
The naive angel approach was less convincing after years of spending time together.
On the one hand, great. Everything was fine. Hell wasn’t cranking up the furnace for him. But on the other hand, not great, really. Because Dean was standing in an empty room talking around his angelic sex fantasies. Most of them, in Dean’s defense, had been formed during the time Castiel had him pinned to the ground, and Dean hadn’t even known he was an angel at that time. Couldn’t count.
"Do you come here often?" Castiel spoke, half a beat between the question and his catch of the flirtatious cliche. "I mean, um, I'm sor-"
Dean knew Sam was joking when he called him a pervert earlier, but Dean did feel a little guilty for what was becoming more & more common. He sat up on his bed, back pressed against the wall he shared with the unit next door. He let his eyes slide shut as he dialed into the muffled sounds from the other apartment & let his fantasy take over.
good at this, and I thought maybe you could help me take mine?" Dean stuttered a bit over his words, and Cas was left wondering if that was flattery for the sake of getting help or if it were genuine, and somehow Dean had noticed Castiel over the last few years as well. Finally, when Cas didn't answer quickly enough, Dean's eyes went wide, and he spoke again, even shakier the second time. "You uh, you don't have to. You don't want to, um, I'll just… see if I can get a tripod or something else."
Dean seemed oblivious to the butterflies in Castiel’s stomach, and he was again grateful for the low light when he felt his cheeks heat up at the sight of Dean’s grin.
Once that was taken care of, and Castiel felt they were ready, he stood up a bit to grab the oil lamp they set on the table earlier. He carefully turned the wick down until the flame flickered out and left them sitting in the light gleaned from a few candles set here and there. Castiel could feel the electricity in the air, whether he was sensing his proximity to Dean or the weakened veil between worlds didn’t matter. Dean shivered a bit, and Castiel imagined he felt it too.
Dean nearly laughed out loud, the yes falling from his lips as he met the angel’s.
The music shifted into some techno bullshit, and he heard the bartender call out his order as it fell with a click against the bar behind him. Dean nods and grunts as way of a thank you, the bartender already halfway to the other end, clearly not waiting for his response. Dean drank down one of the double shots, swallowing hard. He quickly typed a response to Cas, knowing if he didn’t, the angel would sound the alarm and he’d have half his contact list calling him for a status update. He really had left quickly, panicked, barely remembering to grab his car keys. He owed Castiel at least some peace of mind.
Castiel rubbed at the back of his neck with one hand, the other falling to his pocket with the gun. “Wasn’t positive at first. That you were who you were. Since you are a hunter, you should understand why I became…. Jumpy.”
“I was just showing you how you handed me the napkin.”
Dean could play dumb, but unfortunately, the redhead knew him too well for that, so he just started talking. Once he began to tell the story, it began pouring out of him until he had been talking for the better part of an hour, and they were still in the student parking lot, now the only car left behind.
Dean thought, “South Dakota, uh….St. Mary’s Hospital…” He squeezed his eyes shut and took in a deep breath, hoping to subdue the nausea in his throat.
The apartment was big. White walls and salt and pepper carpet. The beige living room furniture in front of him were arranged into a square in the corner facing the large flat screen TV. An archway leading into the kitchen which was a light shade of purple was on his left and two doors were on his right on the far wall. Obviously bedrooms.
It was absolutely pouring. The window wipers on the Continental were going at top speed, and it was doing fuck all with visibility. The raindrops falling from the pitch black sky were the size of dinner plates and they exploded on the windshield like tiny nukes being dropped from a fighter plane. The wind wasn’t helping either. As the old car glided down the dark back road, it would rock with the gusts cutting across it. If Dean wasn’t as strong as he is, they would’ve been head first into a tree by now.
“SAM!!”
After nearly three months of feeling like an empty paper-thin bag, drifting to the tune of the tides around him, Dean was finally staring in the face of his solution. What he’s hunted down after scouring what felt like the entire world.
“Here, here!” Sam ran back over with rags,  more bandages and medical tape. He gave them to Dean and started to slowly peel off the old bandage. As Sam did so, Dean quickly covered up the wound with the rags and applied pressure.
“Dean.” Cas breathed.
that you speak of?” Dean leans against the door frame and takes another sip of his beer. “Or should I say
But now, the one person he didn’t want to see is sitting 2 feet away from him and all he wants to do is open the car door and bail and not face the situation head on.
Dean grabbed a rag he dropped on the floor and pushed that on top of the rags that he was already holding, and blood immediately started soaking through that one as well. He watched as Cas’ breathing got more and more shallow with each passing second.
Dean looked to his left where the deep greeting came from. Cas stood about 7 feet away from him, as stoic as he always was. The hunter couldn’t help looking him up and down, almost searching for something to tease him about, but of course, he looks the goddamn same. Same dirty trenchcoat, same flip flopped tie. Same two top shirt buttons undone that almost line up with his Adam’s apple as it bobbed up and down. He could picture himself dragging his tongue over it and nibbling on his jawline as he snuck his hand under his-
Cas picked up his suit coat and slipped on arm into the sleeve, “I’m fine.” He replied, his voice low.
Cas glanced down and saw the big scar going from the bottom of his ribs down to his hip. Dean glanced down and softly dragged his fingers over the soft, sensitive skin.
“Good. Is it okay if I check you over? Just incase you hurt yourself in any other way. I’ll have to patch up that cut on your forehead too.”
Desiree squeezed his hands. “I insist. I got word that your friend will be out for a while. He won’t be waking up alone. I’ll make sure of it. You can come back with me when I start again at 2.”
“Okay okay, here comes the best part!” Dean grabs Cas’ wrists. He guides one up near Castiels left shoulder and one by his chest. “Do that, and then flick your fingers like his.” He demonstrates with his right hand by flicking his index and middle finger like he is playing the strings of a bass guitar. Cas’ copies him just as the solo bass part plays right after the chorus. The hunter throws his head back and lets out a loud belly laugh.
Dean shook his head. “No, I don’t think so. I’ve never had a panic attack before.”
They do this for 2 more songs, jamming along playing air guitar and Dean using every surface in reach as a drum, slapping his hands with confidence even if he wasn’t on beat. Even slapping Cas’ arm a couple times. “Anything is fair game!”
Well, Dean started with beer. After 10 or so minutes, he switched to whiskey. Him and Sam were sat in the library at the first table, opposite each other. Sam rested his elbows on the table leaned onto them and Dean was lounged back in his chair, his feet up and resting on the edge of the table.
Dean just blinked. He wasn’t expecting that at all. He knew Cas was fed up about being stuck in a hospital for 4 days, but why was he still pissed now? He was home. “How would I know? He was silent on the drive back.”
Cas’ jumped at the sudden touch and gasped. He’s never been touched like this before. Well, he’s touched himself before, lots of times, but its different when it’s someone else. It’s a whole new level of pleasure that he didn’t think existed.
Castiel sighed, “Thank you, Desiree.” A small smile appeared on his lips.
He picked up his phone and looked at the caller ID. He didn’t recognize the number, but he answered it anyway.
“No! He’s my family! I need to be with him!” Dean yelled.
Dean blindly flips him the bird as he pours coffee into a semi-clean mug he found in the sink. He hears Sam chuckle as he lifts the mug to his lips and take a sip, grimacing at the cold temp of the drink and proceeds to dump it back out.
Desiree smiled back. “Cool.”
The hunter’s leg started to bounce unconsciously. Lightly at first but then got quicker and quicker. His hands fell away from his face when it suddenly got hotter in the room and sweat began to accumulate on his palms. His throat got scratchy, and his lungs couldn’t hold much air anymore.
A sharp breath erupted into Dean’s lungs as he felt the ex-angel’s lips on his and suddenly the world didn’t matter.
In the library, a rush of air blew by with the accompaniment of wing flutters as Dean double checked he had everything he needed in his duffel. Machete? Check. Dead Mans Blood? Check. His dignity and self worth?
The solace in her voice soothed him. She knew what she was talking about.
HUGE THANK YOU TO HyFrLarry1224 for being an co-author on this chapter!!! I couldn't have done it without her!
A nurse came out from behind the nurse’s station. “Oh Mr. Winchester! He’s in room 203.”
“Cas…”
Dean told Sam to stay home. There was no reason for him to drive 6 hours to the hospital now. Sam argued of course, saying that Dean couldn’t be alone right now, but Dean assured him he would be okay.
The rain still didn’t let up. If anything, it was raining harder now and Dean had to turn on the windshield wipers faster to be able to see the road lines. They turned left onto 195th street and drove up to a dirt driveway just angled off the road.
He let out a deep shaky breath as he raised an unsteady hand to pat at his numerous pockets, searching for the crumpled piece of paper with a sloppily written incantation scribbled on it.
Cas nodded back as if he understood.
He opened his eyes just in time for the vamp to come at him and Dean held the blade of his machete in front of him as a shield. The vamp ran into the blade and decapitated itself.
Dean watches as the former angel lowers his head and watches his fingers fidget with the end of his tie. He can’t relate to how he feels, but he wishes he could. He wished he could have little perspective so he could help Cas. It’s only been two weeks since he’s been back, and the way they left things when he sacrificed himself really put a strain on their relationship.
“Nothing, just expanding my knowledge.” He replies with a tight lipped grin.
“Vampires.” Sam confirmed with a nod. Dean sloshed the liquid in his mouth and swallowed. He slaps his hand on the table and stands up.
“Yes, yes…I need you Ca….I-..” He was mumbling gibberish into his bicep, but Cas knew exactly what he meant. He removed his fingers, Dean whining at the sudden emptiness and lined himself up and pushed in. Dean’s breath hitched and his head rolled back. Cas pushed in deeper and deeper until he reached the hilt and just stayed there.
The hunter shuffled to his left, slipped the sheath more behind him and stepped out from behind the truck. He slowly walked into the center of the clearing in front of the barn and stood.
“You would’ve done the same thing, Dean!”
Somehow Sam’s eyes got even wider, which kinda scared Dean. He didn’t know that was possible. “You had a panic attack?! Since when did you start having those?”
Dean frowned at the former angel, “It’s a cassette adapter. I’m disappointed that you don’t know what it is cause I put it in here for you.”
Chapter title are songs by kwajbasket. Please listen while reading.
He doesn’t know why he’s still lying there. He should get up and start the day, but he can’t quite yet. His legs refuse to move. Maybe it’s cause he didn’t go to bed until 5 am and his body is telling him to go back to sleep. Just a couple more hours it whispers to him. Or maybe it’s because of the internal war in his brain that keeps him awake until he drinks himself into unconsciousness.
Castiel stayed in the hospital for another 3 days, just as a precaution, and the doctors said that the wound on his side was healing amazingly. Dean stayed with him most of the day, getting him food, helping him to and from the bathroom, and with his daily hygiene routine.
All that mattered was this crushing feeling of want, and need, and longing for this other being that Dean had never felt before.
Still broken.
Dean knocked three times with the back of his hand, “Cas? Hey, uh…Sam ordered pizza if you want any.” He waited for some kind of response. Nothing come back. “Come on Cas. You’re gonna have to come out eventually, might as well feed yourself.”
Dean continued to air jam along with the rest of the verse and chorus and Cas was quite entertained by the show happening before him. Despite what happened earlier with the reason why they are even in this moment, Dean was in good spirits. It caused a warmth to puddle in Cas’ gut. He didn’t know what it was or where it came from, but he welcomed it.
Dean’s heart fluttered.
A small smiled creeped over Desiree’s lips. “Okay, Dean. Your vitals seem to be okay. Your iron is low though so that could’ve contributed to the attack as well.” She picked up her stethoscope from the counter and hung it around her neck. They were in a small examination room and Dean was sat on one of those paper covered beds. “Do you have a history of panic attacks or anxiety?”
11 years of tension building up could almost kill someone and maybe it has, but for these two, it only made this moment so much more than just a kiss. It’s a declaration. A declaration to each other. They were both worth fighting for, even if it wasn’t specifically each other they were fighting for. No matter what happened, it always ended with the two of them. They were each others endgame. They were home.
Dean looked at his hands and thought. Then it hit him.
The small voice of the angel brought his eyes back to him. He was scared. It wasn’t hard to see, but at the same time, it was hard to look at.
“Are you okay if I…” he motioned his eyes downward to where his hand is. Cas moistened his lips and nodded. Of course he was okay with it. He’s wanted this for so long. He didn’t want to wait any longer. His other hand came down on top of Dean’s and grabbed it tightly, which made Dean’s finger close around him. Cas’ groaned loudly and his eyes rolled back into his head.
Dean lifted his head and saw Castiel walking towards him. He looked the same as Dean. His trenchcoat soaked in blood and mud. His hair mussed and tears in the fabric of his coat went in every direction.
He didn’t hear Sam’s footsteps trudge up the small staircase into the library and towards him but the screech of the chair being dragged across the old hardwood floor startled him out of his wordy trance. He glared at his younger brother as he sat down with a thump. Sam froze when he locked eyes with Dean. “Sorry.”
Jack did it. He killed God. He was okay too. Maybe a little banged up, but alive. They all came back to the bunker, Jack and Sam went straight to the infirmary to get him patched up and Dean and Cas went to Dean’s man cave for a beer.
Cas smirked. “If you insist.” He slowly pulled out, almost all the way and without any warning, slammed back into Dean, jolting the bed. Dean let out a loud cry and his mouth fell open as Cas instantly hit is prostate.
“I’m okay, now that I know you’re okay.”
For all people…why did it have to be for Cas?
Jack was gonna stay true to his word, and it hurt Dean to his core.
Dean stops in the doorway and turns back around. Sam pivots in his seat. “I’m not coming.”
Sam unwrapped the wrap and started to go around Cas’ torso with it, pulling it tight on the opposite side from the wound.
“Sir? Sir! Are you with me? Mr. Winchester?”
Sam stood there, his mouth agape as his eyes followed Cas’ out of the room. He quickly looked at Dean, who was just as stunned. “What the hell was that about?”
“I was saying your name while I was asleep. I guess they knew I was speaking of you and they called you.”
Eventually, Dean turns down the music and sinks in his seat, small chuckles escaping his lips.
“Woah, woah. Okay Dean. Dean, look at me. Calm breaths. In and out.” Desiree took Dean’s hands in hers and half them tightly. The hunter looked her dead in the eyes and attempted to copy her breathing. 5 seconds in, 5 seconds out. 5 seconds in, 5 seconds out. His heart finally started to slow and his breathing began to even out. “Good. You’re okay.”
Dean looked up into the nurses eyes. He was confused. Why was she being so nice to him. He’s just a random dude who passed out on the floor.
“I’ll live.” Cas chuckled.
Cas glanced up at the hunter and quickly looked back down at what he was doing. It took him a few seconds but he mustered up the courage to reply. “Hello.”
The fire flared hot against Dean’s front, dancing in recognition to power. Raw and unrestrained as it pulses outwards in comforting warmth.
Castiel gritted his teeth and willed his eyes open. Tears instantly fell. “I dont-…I don’t have…any grace…left.” Every word was a challenge to him.
The candles flickered across the chipped white walls in hazardous shapes, starling him more than once as the orange flames cast shadows of his crouched body and fingers into gnarled tree-like branches. He placed the bowl down and dropped the herbs, petals, and leaves from the bunkers pantry into it.
The angels voice almost sounded far away. The hunter looked back up at Cas who was staring back at him softly, his head slightly tilted to the right.
Chapter title is two songs by kwajbasket. Please listen while reading.
Cas’ blue eyes slowly lifted to meet green.
Dean rushed in front of Cas and threw the duffle bag into the trunk and stepped to the passenger seat door to open it for him. They locked eyes in a silent ‘thank you’ and Cas lowered himself in. Dean closed to the door, ran around the back of the car, got in the drivers seat and headed back home.
With three more thrusts, Cas was coming hard. He thrusted through it and Dean suddenly came a second time, right after.
Dean really hoped so.
Eventually, the quiet became to much for Dean and his shifted up in his seat. “Okay, I’m bored.”
Dean let out a shaky breath. Thinking about that 5 minutes in the car before he sped to the hospital was starting to make his heart rate skyrocket. He closed his eyes and rubbed his face roughly with his hand before covering his mouth with this palm and resting his elbow on the table. “Thats where I almost lost him….thats when he said his grace was gone and he couldn’t heal himself. I finally saw the gash on him and he was drifting in and out. I had to go get the front bench in the car reupholstered while he was in the hospital cause there was so much blood soaked into the leather…”
The tension in the room was so heavy, not even a chainsaw could cut through it. Dean slowly shuffled his way over to the island, opposite Cas, and placed his beer down on the aluminum counter top. He let his left hand fall to his side and he kept his gaze down as he tapped his fingernail on the metal rim of the can, the ticking sound being the only thing heard in the room. A few beats passed by before Dean finally spoke, “Look Cas-“
“Anyway, an article came out this morning over in South Dakota. Two couples found in a forest dead, drained of all blood and their throats ripped out.” Sam dragged his finger over the screen as he read the words in the article.
It’s 12:30 when Dean finally get the courage to roll out of bed and walk to the kitchen. He stepped down the long corridor away from his room, his feet softly tapping the cold cement floor. He regrets not putting socks on.
When Cas was finally independent and walking around the bunker on his own, he wouldn’t stay in the same room with Dean for more than 5 minutes. He would excuse himself and Dean wouldn’t see him for the rest of the day. It was like he was avoiding him.
Castiel lifted his head and glared at the hunter, hard. “Do you ever listen to anyone else but yourself?”
“Alright Mr. Winchester,” Desiree put one last trip of medical tape over the gauge on Dean’s forehead, “All patched up.”
The two vampires quickly spun around and snarled at him. Dean smiled a sinister grin, hovering his hand over the handle of the machete. He bowed his head and looked up at the monsters.
“A deal is a deal, Dean Winchester. You of all people should know that.”
Castiel checks his phone. Thankfully he’s still got 50% battery left and the time says 11:45 pm. He sees Dean in his peripheral peek a look at the screen as well and sigh. “I guess we could sleep the rest of the time away. It’s supposed to clear up in the next couple hours. Might as well get a little shut eye.”
10 rain logged minutes later, they finally reached the barn. They found an abandoned old Ford truck on cement blocks and hid behind it, kneeling to the ground. Dean held a finger to his lips to signal Cas to stay quiet and he peaked around the trucks front bumper. There were two vamps standing outside the barn door chatting, facing away from the truck. Dean turned back to his accomplice. “Two vamps so far. Who knows how many are inside.” He talked low, knowing that the rain would drown the sound of his voice out anyway.
“Nothing…” Dean broke eye contact, shaking his head and looked at the bottle in his hands. “Nothin…”
Dean flipped over onto his back just as a vamp jumped on him, straddling him, locking him to the ground. It launched for Dean’s neck but the hunter blocked it with his arm. He fought the vamps strength, but he knew he couldn’t last much longer. With one final burst of adrenaline, he brought the blunt end of the machete up and whacked the vamp in the temple, which deterred it enough for Dean to come back with the blade and slice.
Sam furrowed his brows, “And that’s what?”
Dean shot up into a sitting position, eyes wide. “Is he awake?”
Cas tensed up, grabbed Dean’s hand and pulled it off his, almost throwing it back at the hunter like a spider had just landed on him.
“When I saw you sitting there…I had never been happier to see someone in my life.”
Dean waits til it’s late to leave the bunker. Him and Sam stayed up and watched the new Mandalorian episode and right as the credits rolled, Dean glanced over and saw Sam passed out on the couch, the bowl of popcorn on his lap tilting dangerously.
He lit 4 candles and placed them beside each symbol outside the circle.
“Nope.”
The hunters eyes widened, “Cas, you’re scaring me, what’s going on?”
Dean bowed his head and stared at his shoes. Waiting for that last scream of anger from the dreaded monster they were here for.
He wanted Cas to be okay.
“I will do my best.” said Dean, flatly, and it went quiet again.
Sam was taken back. He’s never heard Dean’s voice so soft before. So broken. There was a beat and Dean spoke again.
The door suddenly opened and Dean stumbled forward. He straightened himself up to come face to face with Cas. A sweaty Cas. Whose face was unusually pale.
It took Dean a minute, but then it occurred to him. Realization dawned over his face and he grabbed Cas’ hands in his own, gripping them tightly.
The eldest brother decided to go change out of the clothes he’d been travelling in all day before the pizza arrived. As he walked to his room, he had to pass Castiel’s room. As he got closer, his steps got slower and slower until he was at the door and he stopped. He stared at the brass ’15’ on the door.
and pressed the green button on the screen. “Dean? Whats up? It’s 4 am?” All Sam heard on the other end was a sniff. Sam immediately swung his legs off the side of the bed. “Dean? What happened?” his voice went flat.
Only the round of the rain hitting the windshield.
“Shh shh shh shh….” the hunter gently shook his head. “Just shut up for a second.” his brows furrowed as he felt more tears threaten to fall.
He wasn’t sure it would work- and if it did, who exactly it would bring back.
“I know, dude, I know. I don’t feel peachy either. You’re fine.” Dean started to walk backwards. The heels of the angel’s shoes dragged in the dirt as he was pulled to the barn doors. Dean stopped when he noticed the doors were closed again. He carefully lifted one foot and kicked the door open. It swung open with a bang and he walked backwards through.
Dean eyes darted back and forth from Castiel’s left eye to his right eye. Both so empty and lost. The lump in Dean’s throat got bigger and bigger until he couldn’t hold back the tears any longer.
But then, the wind was knocked out of Dean as a vamp grabbed his jacket with both hands and shoved him back into the wall of the barn. Dean’s back slammed into the wood, his head flying back. He’s clenched his eyes shut from the instant burning in the back of his skull. That’s gonna leave a mark.
“Dean?”
Still no response.
“I am who you called for,” the man said in confusion, head tipping to the side in a way that pulled at Dean’s heart strings. “I am the Archangel Chamuel.”
Suddenly, a shot of lightning flashed ahead. Dean slammed on the brakes when he saw the lighting bolt catch a tree, emitting another giant flash and the tree toppled, falling onto the road 50 feet away from the nose of the car.
“Vampires?” Dean took a swig of his beer.
So he didn’t.
They said their goodbyes and she walked out of the room. Dean grabbed the handles of the duffle bag and swung it over his shoulder. “Ready to go, bubble boy?”
Sharp blue eyes met his, even through the haze of smoke. “Who the hell are you?” Dean demanded, hand itching towards the gun tucked into the waistband of his jeans at his lower back. Disappointment flared in his chest, demanding to be felt even as he leveled the stranger before him with a glare. Unwavering before the enemy, as his father always taught him.
Before Dean left the room, he lifted up his hand from his lap and covered Cas’ with it, giving it a squeeze, assuring him that he’s here for him and that he’ll be okay, but what happened next he wasn’t expecting.
“Yes, Cas. Yes!” Dean begged, every thrust grazing that sweet spot within him.
“Dean…”
his mind teases,
“Cas…” Dean warned, “What do you say to Desiree?”
Everything seemed good, and normal on the surface, but when Dean and Cas were ever alone, they would avoid the subject at all costs.
“Cas, you don’t-“ Dean tried to stop him but the ex-angel was already out of the room before he could finish. He rolled his eyes and waved him off, sitting back in his seat. “Whatever. So, hunt?” He took another swig and paid his attention back to Sam, who was looking at him over the laptop screen with knotted brows. Dean furrowed his. “What?”
“I know…” Cas replied softly. “I should’ve told you before we left the bunker. That was reckless on my part.”
Who knows how long they stood there for, but the silence was broken by the womans voice.
Dean sat in a chair against the opposite wall from the bed where Cas was sitting. Dean had taken off his flannel and now he was just in his jeans and black t-shirt, and Cas had taken off his trenchcoat.
It completely slipped his mind. Of course now that he said that, he does feel a heaviness behind his eyes. His eyes dropped to his lap, “R-right…”
“Thanks!” Dean quickly rushed to the stairs and booked it up to the second floor. He swung the door to the floor open and quickly glanced at the sign on the wall. 200-250 to the left, 251-300 to the right. Dean sped walked down the hall to his left until he reached door #203.
“Dean? Dean!”
“Yep.” Dean replies, dragging out the Y and popping the P.
Dean leaned forward on his elbows on the back of the recliner and let out a long heavy breath. It was over…they were free…they’re finally done.
A feeling that he didn’t want to disappear.
“Shit, shit, shit! Cas. You know what to do. Heal yourself dude!”
“Fuckin’ hell… Cas?” He lifted his face from the dirt and blinked, clearing his vision. He looked around him, until he spotted a small fragment of tan fabric.
Dean called Sam when they were about 20 minutes away from the bunker, telling him to be there and ready to help get Cas down the stairs. Cas groaned and insisted that he was fine and could get down the stairs himself. Dean held his hands up in surrender. “Okay,  if you say so.”
Dean frowned. “Cas, thats-“
Cas pushed himself up into a sitting position and leaned back against the cement wall. He closed his eyes for a long beat and took in a deep breath. “I had a small nap and I was feeling a lot better…I was hoping to see if I had any grace left at all, so…I took off the bandage and tried to heal myself. I guess it made it worse instead…”
Sam kept his gaze down and picked at his nails, “I have….plans”
The hunter undid the button on his jeans and zipped down the fly, and with the waistband now loosened, placed his hand on top of Cas’, and guided it down into his pants and cupped his ass, which made him gasp into Cas’ mouth.
Cas locked eyes with Dean. He made a small nod. Dean stood up and stood at Cas’ head. He kneeled down, got both hands under the angel’s armpits and lifted him up. A high pitched cry came from Cas at the sudden movement.
“No bars. Wherever the fuck we are, there’s probably no one around for at least a few miles. Highly doubt anyone will drive by either as they're probably smarter than us to drive in this weather.” He dropped his phone into the center console between him and Castiel and crossed his arms.
Dean grinned, “Morning Des.” Castiel made a small attempt at smiling at her and went back to doing up the buttons on his shirt.
Castiel held his hand out and Desiree handed him the clip board. He scribbled something on it, who knows if it was his name or not, and handed it back to her, swiftly. Desiree cleared her throat and hugged the clipboard to her chest. “Thank you. Well…I guess that means you’re off.”
“Of course, it was the least I could do.” She smiled up at him. Dean lifted his arms and she put the clipboard on the bed so she could wrap her arms around him. Dean hugged her softly, rubbing his hand up and down her back a couple times before they separated. Desiree glanced over at Cas, who just stood up slowly.
“Again, again, again, again…” he panted until Cas pulled out and slammed back in. He started to even his thrusts out, the headboard slamming against the cement wall with every push in. Cas rested his head on Dean’s leg, and he playfully snuck a little nibble onto the sensitive skin on the inside of Dean’s knee. He could already feel himself getting close. He bit his lip and let out and deep groan, breath billowing past his lips, as he slowly pulled out and slammed back in.
Dean nodded, “Alright, I’ll get the beer.”
Dean turned off the car stretched his body out against the seat, wiggling his phone out of his back pocket. He held it up close to the windshield, the drivers window, and then across in front of Cas, searching for a signal. Nothing.
He grabbed a cassette tape with a wire attached to it. Cas looked at the item confused. “What is that?”
Cas managed to shake his head. Dean furrowed his brows “Cas?”
He was afraid to go in.
That feeling of love took control and closed the space between them. A touch that neither of them thought would ever exist.
Dean awoke with a searing pain in his skull.
Or what used to be a dirt driveway. It was now just a sea of mud that no one except for maybe a monster truck could drive through. Dean pulled over onto the shoulder across from the mouth of the driveway and cut the engine.
“Welcome to my humble abode.” said Desiree with a chirp in her voice. For 5 am, she was way too awake to have just worked a 12 hour shift in emergency. She shuffled past Dean to one of the doors on the far wall. “This is the guest room. The bathroom is the first door on the right when you walked in the front door.”
Then Cas tensed up. Deans eyebrows furrowed. “Cas? Whats up?”
“Cas…When you grabbed my hand…and the…” Dean looked at Cas’ profile. His eyes traced over his forehead, down his nose, and to his lips.
“This was the deal. You have let yourself be happy. I brought Jack back to Earth in exchange for you.” the woman said, her voice monotone but smooth.
she signed.
Dean glared at the back of the ex-angels head and looked up at Desiree. “He didn’t complain at all when he got himself ready this morning while I was still sleeping.” Dean tilted his head slightly, gesturing to the cot on the opposite side of the room.
They did it.
Dean swung his machete at the vampire in front of him and the head went flying to the left. He stood there for a second, trying to catch his breath, grunting every exhale, but a pair of hands shoved him in the back and he flew forward into the dirt.
“Thank you,” Dean replied with a grin, “and call me Dean. Not a fan of Mister.”
“Did something happen at the hospital?”
“Yes there is.” he spoke firmly. The hunter let out a huff and pulled Cas in, their lips crashing together in desperation. The angel let out a quick gasp through his nose but almost immediately grabbed the fabric of Dean’s jacket at his sides and pulled him close. He opened his mouth and let Dean settle into the kiss.
They haven’t said a word to each other. Not even a small exchange of pleasantries.
Warm breath met warm breath as the space between them got smaller and smaller. It was then when Dean realized what changed in him. What came over him.
“Dean!” came the angels voice.
Dean let out an exasperated breath, “I can’t…Cas. It’s not that easy.”
He rounds the corner and steps down into the kitchen to find Sam sitting at the table with his laptop in front of him and an empty plate with a few pieces of crust left. The younger brother glances up towards the other hunter and grins, “It lives.”
Castiel spun around, but not fast enough. The vampire attacked him, slamming him to the ground and screamed in his face. Cas brought his arms up to cover his face from the vamp’s retched fangs, but the vamp snapped at the fabric blocking Cas’ skin.
Dean made a face and opened his mouth to speak when she shushed him.
Vampire’s didn’t matter.
, if you know what I mean.”
“No, no, it’s okay! I’ll take the compliment. Thank you.” She spoke through her laughing.
“Okay, Sammy, I’ll leave you alone, but I can’t do this hunt on my own. Who knows how many vamps are in there. I’ll call Ralph and Tim and fill them in. I heard they were in Omaha a couple days ago so they can easily zip up there.” Dean reached in his pocket and grabbed his phone and started scrolling through his contacts.
He quickly stood up and looked around him. He spotted the angel fighting off a vamp to his far left. Cas kicked the vamp in the stomach, knocking it backwards and launched at it with a swung of his blade to its neck, the head coming clean off. Cas glanced over and locked eyes with Dean, his mouth agape allowing him to take in more air.
“Where the hell is this coming from, Cas?!” Dean was flabbergasted.
The hunter allowed his hands to fall to his sides, the warmth of Cas’ skin immediately leaving his finger tips. Cas stared at Dean, terror in his eyes, but Dean couldn’t look back. His eyes were locked on the woman who now had her hand hovering over Castiel’s shoulder.
“Did you just swear-“
“Well?” He said, still chewing. “Where is it?”
Dean nodded his head and swallowed. “Yeah, yeah….I’m good.” He pushed himself up from the floor and sat up, his vision going white. His stomach churned  from the movement and the hunter groaned.
A small pop sounded behind him and he jumped and spun just in time to see another light bulb hanging from the ceiling pop and spark out. The air drew thin then, crackling with a confined electricity that had every single hair on Dean’s body spiking to attention. Almost as if the sudden spike of energy, the manifestation of secluding molecules, sucked every last viable breath of air.
Dean sprung into action. He sprinted to the driver’s seat, turning the car on, and sped onto the road. He google searched the nearest hospital and drove to it. The whole drive, he held the angel’s hand in his as he sobbed.
“Yeah Cas, I’m here. Wake up. We need to get out of here.” He tapped Cas’ cheek a few times, causing the angel’s eyes to blink open. He was disoriented, but he was alive, and that was enough for Dean.
Dean eyebrows lifted and his shook his head. “I don’t know man. Ever since we left the hospital, he’s been acting weird like…avoiding me.”
“You can’t take him. I won’t let you.”
Red. That’s all Dean sees.
“Wait, wait, wait, wait…a nurse let you stay the night? At her house?” Sam’s eyes went wide.
“Like electricity?” Dean speaks softly.
Dean walked out of the bathroom in his new clean clothes and roughly rubbed his hair with a towel. The clothes fit him perfectly. It may not be what he usually wears. The cargo shorts are a little weird and he would never dare let Sam catch him in a freaking polo shirt, but it was good enough for now until his regular clothes are clean.
“There’s nothing left to do, Dean.” Cas’ voice came out almost a whisper.
Desiree nodded, “You’re welcome. If you boys are ever back in town, give me a ring. You know where I am. I also wanna meet this younger brother of yours.” She smirked up at Dean and winked. He chuckled.
“Of course.”
“But he’s the only one we know will do the job properly.”
It wasn’t long until Dean was coming hard, right into the back of Cas’ throat. His body jolted ever so often until it finally calmed down. His grip loosened on the head board, his fingers screaming for relief. It was hard for him to catch his breath and he put his face against his own bicep, breathing hard. He hadn’t come that hard in who knows how long.
Damn it…
“Yes. Yeah. Let’s go.” He adjusted his bag on his shoulder. He spun away from Cas, looking both ways down the street, making sure no one was coming and the two of them  made their way into the driveway.
chapter title are songs by kwajbasket. please listen while reading.
“Dean, I know that you guys aren’t really on the best terms at the moment.”
Dean recoiled his hand close to his chest and looked at the ex-angel, baffled. He watched as Cas severed their eye contact, slide back down under the sheets and rolled onto his side, away from Dean, wrapping his arms around himself.
“Is it different? As compared to last time?”
“Just take Cas.”
Cas blinked and finally nodded, a small grin appearing on his lips. “I will.”
Cas made a painful sound and his face scrunched up and Dean looked up at him, his heart beating at a million miles an hour. “I know buddy, I know. We’re gonna fix you up. Just like I told you.”
“He did it, man.” Dean shook his head as he popped open his bottle and took a swig. “Jack freaking did it.”
“What do we do?” asked Cas.
The two of them went to Dean’s room and talked. They talked for three hours straight. They talked about Jack, about Mary, about the hunt. Almost everything was up in the air, acknowledged and spoken for. Then came the star of the show: The kiss…
A quick check in the trunk sent despair through Dean when he noticed that the first aid kit normally fully stocked for their hunts was entirely missing. Now what? He would
Being trained as a hunter essentially meant Dean had a horrifying Rolodex of possibilities at the ready of what terrifying creature could have broken in and precisely what they’d do once they found him. Dean thought briefly that Schroedinger could go fuck himself, the unobserved is way more fun to theorize about when it’s some poor cat’s life at stake and not your own.
“You call this assisting? You stole my weapons and tackled me. You held a blade to my throat.” Dean crossed his arms, staring the angel down with matched intensity.
Dean scoffed at that, harsher than he intended, but Castiel seemed unfazed.
interested in the fair; he had just been wary of being the only senior walking around alone. This would solve that, and Castiel
Dean was definitely making too much noise, but he thought back to the long stretches of land between the building he was currently trespassing inside of and the neighbors down the road. When he turned back with a new, sanitary needle, he wasn’t even that surprised when his belt loop stuck on the drawer pull and sent him careening backward. Honestly, it was just the day’s luck. Dean would have been amazed to make it home without further incident. He hissed as his hip slammed into the drawer as he slipped, the replacement needle immediately falling out of his hands as Dean’s arms flapped around, his hands scrambling for purchase between the exam table and the counter.
Castiel sighed. “I’m the ‘chick’ you were going to meet tomorrow. Next to the library. You’re Dean. The hunter.”
Castiel blinked once.
Castiel was still stuck on the ‘for years’ part of Dean’s statement, but he let it drop in favor of teasing instead. “That makes me
. Dean let his eye contact break as he fluttered his eyelashes shut. Cas brushed a thumb over Dean’s cheek then, the gesture so
Cas scrunched up his nose as he tried and failed to duck Dean’s hand. The cabin felt oddly complete with Dean here. He had always felt a little strange having this place to himself, without his best friend knowing at all. The other boy may have different friends, but Dean was all Cas had, and he didn’t keep many secrets from him.
Dean reached out and lightly skimmed his fingertips across Castiel’s chest, from shoulder to shoulder, dancing across the man’s collarbones. Cas shivered, eyes still trained on Dean’s face. Dean’s gaze was fixed to his own hands and the skin he was offered the ability to touch. He let his hand fall flat and dragged it down, across Cas’s pectorals, down his stomach, stopping right at the waistband of those damned tiny shorts. Dean’s gaze downwards gave away just how much this was affecting Castiel as well, seeming as though they were on equal footing with their arousal or the signs of it. That gave him a boost of determination, his other hand reaching out as well to run boldly down the side of Cas’s body, feeling for any remaining candle wax. He didn’t find any, nor did he expect to. He didn’t remove his hands from Cas’s hips.
“Yes, I am an angel of the lord,” the angel repeated, his earlier formal tone seeping back through. It made Dean smile.
Castiel crossed his arms, the challenge making Dean smirk.
He took the steps one at a time, feet as close to the railing as possible to avoid creaking from the wooden staircase. Dean couldn’t hear anything upstairs through the blanket of silence, and tense anticipation shivered down his spine.
Dean continued their blame game when he saw the slight realization click on behind Cas’s eyes.
In their third week together, Dean was the one to break down that final wall remaining between them. They lay on the blanket, a spent pipe down by their feet. They had been talking for hours, nearly all day, and by now, the sun had gone down. They had been inching closer and closer with each shared joke, each new story they told. The shared bowl they passed back and forth assisted the process, the wind giving the boys a perfect excuse to huddle in close, tenting the lighter with cupped hands as they took hits.
This was the routine. Dean would listen as the man would whine & moan & manage to craft some of the filthiest sentences that Dean had ever heard outside of porn. The man & his incredibly undeserving partner (Dean was still at a loss as to how someone could be in bed with
Cas laughed, slightly more relaxed despite the awkward way he stood in the middle of the small space, holding his belongings haphazardly in his arms. "I used one of the pews in church; what did you pick?"
“C’mon Cas, and make you drive back alone? All these girls mean nothing, as long as you know who I come home to.” Dean had responded with his usual flirting, punctuating with a wink. “I don’t let just anyone in on the full Dean Winchester experience.” Castiel felt a wistfulness, a quick flare of hope that Dean meant the words despite the ridiculousness, but he knew Dean’s ways and he immediately pushed it back down.
“You’re…. Jesus,” Dean’s attempt at speaking trailed off into blasphemy, & the man laughed. Dean had been wrong about his eyes, & he couldn’t have been happier to be proven incorrect. They were blue, & in a way that caused Dean to stare way too long before he was able to speak again. Or attempt to, if he could stop staring. The man was also a little bit shorter, different from his fantasy but again, in only the best way. He took a deep breath. “You’re fine. I’m sorry, you…. Sorry. Do you need somethin'? Everything alright?” Smooth. At least he managed to ask a question.
Dean was right there, right behind him, and it had been so different such a short time ago. In fact, Cas thought bitterly, exactly a week and a day ago to the minute, Castiel had been curled up against Dean's side, sitting on the trunk of his car and sharing an obscenely large ice cream sundae. Dean had looked at Castiel like he was important; he had held him close and laughed and kissed the chocolate sauce off of his cheek. The next day, that person was gone. There had been no hints, nothing to indicate that they were spending their last day together. Castiel thought they still had the weekend. Dean just wanted to leave.
before.
Castiel blushed, realizing he had been staring down at the picture for longer than necessary. He looked up at Dean, noting that he seemed just as nervous with Castiel analyzing his photo.
"Dean speaks very highly of you. Wonderful to meet you as well." Castiel maintained eye contact, his expression one of genuine interest, and it seemed to throw the older man off.
