Toni casually handed the clerk her credit card, her eyes narrowed as if she was trying to read everything in his mind, "A date for coffee? Yeah, how about right now, go to Stark Tower, I promise there's no place in New York that has better coffee than my place."
It was as if a million threads of fate had tied Tony to those infinity stones, and for four years every attempt he had made had ended with that snap, waking up with no part of his body hurt, but no part of his body not aching.
The name could be considered a killer for Steve, the first time the girl had called him that, it had ended with the two of them almost starting to mess around in the elevator and ending with a unanimous request from their teammates to climb the stairs for three days. It was only when he heard her being so provokative that Steve could really see the girl was ready.
"Because I've got a surprise for you." The man casually pulled a tie from the coat rack by the door and blindfolded the girl, and Natasha was surprised that he was getting better at it, but didn't notice that his voice was a little different than it had been on previous days.
Toni took off her sunglasses and looked twice before she realised that the blonde, blue-eyed Apollo was a poor choice as an assistant for he is too handsome. Although she had seen so many actors already, Steve really didn't look any worse than any of them. But ...... Toni attributed her failure to remember the man's looks to the fact that his team was not good enough for him; most of the pictures she had seen of him before were of a fancy style, like most mediocre small actors, and really didn't match him. Toni thought to herself that if she could show him as he was at the moment, clean, fresh and sunny, he would have a much better chance than the ones he could get now.
Grant bought Natasha a ticket back to New York and watched her disappear. He turned back to the station entrance and waited for the agent Fury had sent to pick him up. There was a moment when he wanted to go back to the station and catch up with Natasha before the agent came, but what could he say if he did? That was all there was to say.
She took out an anaesthetic and stuck it in the man's back, waiting a moment before drawing a large tube of blood sample from his arm. She called Bruce again on the contact she had been given by the agents and asked him to send a drone to pick up the blood sample. Then she pulled open her bedside drawer again and pulled out a bottle of medicine. This really wasn't an early time to start taking the pills, it did seem a little late and it would be a matter of luck if she hit the jackpot. After drinking water she went back to the bed and looked greedily at the man in bed, when he woke up those red eyes would tell her it wasn't her Steve, so she would have to take this moment to relieve her thoughts.
Captain America picked up his shield and walked over to her, looking at the side of her face, "Miss Stark."
The girl sighed inwardly, she was afraid that Steve would feel too guilty remembering the time he had been brainwashed, so she had begged Bruce to hide that memory for him, even though Bruce had warned her that hiding memories were different from Hydra's brainwashing techniques, and in order not to hurt the captain, the effect would only be greatly reduced, not necessarily when he would remember, only Natasha hadn't thought that her hard work wouldn't last a day against Captain America's quadruple recovery power.
The eloquent Natasha didn't know what to say, she just found the piece of mistletoe from some unknown corner of her armour, pinned it behind her ear and kissed him viciously, on the basis that she was about the same height as Steve in the armour.
Half a month passes again, while Steve was out of the bedroom during the day, Natasha finally received the news that everything was finished with Bruce. She couldn't wait to remove the changes of her face and at her chest to ask Jarvis where Steve and Red Skull were at the moment. Knowing that they were the only ones in the training ground, it was the perfect time to strike. Natasha tapped her reactor and the nano-armour quickly covered her entire body, taking her out the window.
In place of the girl's sweet moans and pleas for mercy, there was a sharp scream, and the sharp pain made the girl's arms that had been supporting her body go limp.
She stared at the ceiling for a moment, recalling on the past month, when her good teammates had prepared her with changes to her look, a hidden communication device, and arranged for a plan for her to save the hero Captain Hydra's life, and so far she, Toni Potts, a brilliant agent who had saved Captain Hydra in battle, had been recuperating here for over ten days.
When Toni came back, she said she was too weak to walk, so Steve went along with her and volunteered to carry her the last part of the way back to the tower. At first, Toni would lie on his back and occasionally touch his abs or scratch his chest, to which Steve would respond by running a few quick steps, bumping the girl on his back and shouting, "Armour for sale! Playgirl for sale! The best looking girl in the world for sale!" Then, feeling Toni was truly tired, Steve slowed his pace as he listened to the girl's steady breathing, but he wondered if the wetness he felt on his back was his illusion, but in the end, he said nothing.
"I won't leave you, Toni, I love you too. I just didn't realize you were so cute. Just wait here for a minute while I change the sheets then carry you back to bed."
"You ask me?" Steve pulled the tie off the girl's eyes, drew himself out of bed, went to an obscure drawer in the corner of the room and took out a bottle of medicine, placing it in front of Natasha's eyes and patting her face, as if to make her open her eyes, "You tell me?"
The girl hadn't expected Steve to drive in so quickly, and even her moan shattered as she was surprised. "Ouch. It hurts, Steve, no." The man was deaf to this and simply pulled himself out, replacing the shallow thrusts with only head in each time, but with no less force, and the girl's refusal even made him fuck her harder.
When they reached the top floor, just after stepping out of the lift without even turning on the lights, Toni pushed Steve against the wall. She stared into those blue eyes and slowly moved closer, and after getting no refusal, wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him with all her strength until she led him all the way down to the big bed in the bedroom.
He saw Toni's expressionless face as she took a drink from the glass in front of her, "He's an actor, think of all this exposure as my parting gift to him."
Toni was about to turn her head to look out the window when the man across her reached out and cupped her cheek, "I hear that couples who kiss at the top of the Ferris wheel will be happy forever." Steve's nice voice faded into a kiss as he leaned over. "Half a round left, five minutes, are you going to say yes straight away or be the whale that ends up being moved to tears?"
There seemed to be a thousand words in the eyes of the person in front of him, but it was Tony who opened his mouth first, "For General's reward, please allow me to suggest, my father, just give the position of my wife to General Stephanie."
The images of the war went up in smoke along with the crystal ball on the table. A million questions seemed to run through Steve's mind, but he heard Steven's words and he couldn't afford to lose Tony.
The female agent couldn't resist being blunt, "Everyone saw it, Peter, Clint, they were in the building where everyone can notice, right under your nose, your boyfriend and your boss ......"
Tony turned off the screens with a wave of his hand and cupped his cheek, "How come you've learned to be such a kid as Morgan?" Instinct told him Steve had run into some trouble, "What's wrong?"
"That's easy, I'll just find a random prestigious family and ask them to adopt you as their daughter, there are plenty of people willing to be the future queen's parents."
The girl licked the corners of her mouth and giggled, "I'm not changing the subject, this has just happened many times over the past few months, where else would the baby in my belly come from?" With that, she unbuttoned her pajamas slowly and reached up to try and pull off Steve's.
The fun continued into the sunset and on the drive back Steve was still not satisfied as he drove with the girl's head on his crotch and enjoyed another perfect blowjob. In keeping with the principle of not wasting anything, he parked the car in the garage at the Hydra base and pinned the girl in the back of the car and fucked her again, filling her hole to the brim, before finding a blanket to wrap the naked girl in and carrying her upstairs to rest.
Tony blinked at the end credits that ran across the screen. The brownie was gone: only crumbs left all over his dirty t-shirt. Steve was looking at him from the other side of the sofa, where they had slowly slipped, ending with entwine their legs in the middle. He spoked with a slow, soft voice, and his expression was openly curious. As if he already
Seems like Steve has his methods for managing the ‘day after’. That includes manhandling Tony to turn him around and plaster him on himself, just like a rag doll. Tony feels a bit insulted: after all he’s
Steve tried to absolve himself, to mitigate the sense of guilt. He was still recovering from the shock of
With him, Steve had never used his Alpha voice, he had never snap feral, he had never snarled – or worse. As their relationship evolved, Steve had never let his sub-genre prevail.
. Steve stared at him from the other side of the nest, with a satisfied smile on that stupidly handsome face.
The Omega moved a little under the covers. Steve guessed that he was curled in fetal position and his heart ached. Tony was silent while crying. Steve didn’t grasp how he managed to control himself in his sleep but it was so and it hurt to see him – to
Role three: when one of them happened to be injured in battle, the other become their keeper until they were safe again. Coincidentally, the team had quickly assimilated that rule – the only situation in which nobody ventured to make jokes. And Steve was deeply proud to say that, no, he had nothing to do with it. Sure, he was scary on the battlefield, as only a super-Alpha in combat setup can be, even more so when a team-mate was injured. If the one who ended up on the ground was Tony, Steve snapped in half-feral mode: the air become thick with
Following his nose, Steve had turned his head on the pillow. Tony was curled up on a small armchair next to him, an tablet abandoned in his hands. He was visibly exhausted, with stubbles messing up his otherwise perfect goatee, and hair that had seen better times. It was gorgeous, Steve thought with a heartache. He would have happily stay there, simply admiring him for an indefinite time. After the experience of the last few days there was nothing more comforting than being allowed to bask in the presence of an Omega worried about him – in the presence of
Tony took another sip and looked at him critically. Citrus, cinnamon and, in perfect synchrony with the relaxing of his body,
Steve really did his worst. There were few occasions when he could train properly, with someone on an equal footing. When Thor was around he could certainly count on him, and in Natasha he found a sparring mate far from underestimating, but there were more times when he had to get by. Today, when he met Tony at the gym and asked him to train together, he hadn't really hoped for a positive reply. So, yes, he did his worst. Few things were satisfying as giving himself into a serious workout and venting all the stamina produced by the serum.
quiet, everyone avoiding to look at them directly. Tony waited for them to finish and then dismissed them, saying that he would take care of the Captain from then on. As soon as they were at a safe distance, Tony lifted the face plate and inhaled deeply, watching Steve closely. Then held out his hand to help him get up and put an arm around his waist, giving him support to stand up.
Dumbfounded by his usual talk, Steve wiped his sweat and cautiously accepted the offers. He was not sure what to expect, but something told him that an ice cream was equivalent to a peace offer, so he congratulated himself for choosing not to push but instead to wait patiently for him to show up.
yet, even though it's so obvious ‒ perhaps for that very reason. Tony doesn't want to think about it, otherwise he's sure his heart will explode, and since it's connected to an arc reactor that wouldn't be a good thing.
“Back in my day I had to endure Alpha like me all the time.” He growled in frustration, “The only good thing of being frozen for sixty years, is the fact that behaviors like that are no longer socially accepted today.”
After a bolder bite, Steve grabbed Tony's chin and snarled at him with bare fangs. Far away from being scared, the Omega open his lips and slowly licked them. Steve's growl subsided into a rumbling of pure interest, his grip relaxed around Tony's face. The Omega moaned and looked at him between his thick lashes, his mouth parted, so soft and eliciting.
he could find – and jeopardizing his already weak health taking those chemical crap. Thank goodness medical science had made progress and now an Omega could choose without
He believed that if he thought about it, if he gave all this a real and tangible dimension, it would be too risky. Things like that – so beautiful and perfect in their artlessness – aren't made to last. Sooner or later they end. So isn't it better to relegate them to the dreamlike dimension? Sure, when you wake up from a beautiful dream you are unhappy, but only for a little while. Because after all you can tell yourself: it was just a dream.
“Well, sure if I made a press conference to reveal my true sub-genre and announce that I'm looking for a mate, in half an hour I'd have the line going around the block. But you know,” He closed humming ,“
He pushed him away. With the hands. With his eyes he was attracting him like mermaids attracts sailors to their sweet death. Steve rested his forehead on his and closed his eyes, inhaled one last time his sweet pre-hest smell.
The whole of humanity has just escaped annihilation thanks to that patchy group of so-call-superheroes who call themselves 'the Avengers'. But mostly thanks to Tony Stark, who’s currently lying on the ground unconscious. New York is half destroyed, but they manage to save the day, and Steve would like Stark to see it himself, for Stark to see what
“My parents could. And Jarvis too, bless him. Now… Rhodey, yes. He started to see it many years ago. And he’s currently the only one."
They could only stay in the moment, that was all it was granted to them. They could stay in those early morning hours, with the light still struggling to warm the air and the wooden walls that seemed to protect them from all the ugliness awaiting them out there. For a few moments, they could only be themselves, suspended in that limbo. Alpha and Omega: so close to the surface that they can really see each other for the first time.
that he didn't want to think about it. He didn't even want to stop and see what was going on. For the first time in his life, Tony was managing to trust an Alpha and maybe –
Stark crumpled the ice cream paper and he threw it in a passing basket. The fresh air of Central Park smelled of citrus, cinnamon and melancholy. Talking about Rhodes and the secrets Stark had to hide from him hadn't been the best of ideas. Steve bit the inside of his cheek and concentrated on the pain, chasing away any harassing drive that was springing up in response to Stark's discomfort. He had once ruined the situation, he would not have done it again, certainly not after Stark was the first to move towards a kind of reconciliation.
“Well, I guess there's no kind way to say it, so…” He straightened his shoulders, “I don't want to share this heat with you.”
Stark stopped and for a moment they looked at each other. Steve couldn't see his gaze under the sunglassess, but he was sure he was peering at him.”
Tony, of course, is looking for words, but for once he can't find the right ones. So he just stares at him speechless, his lips parted and his eyes full of painful hope. Steve thinks he looks twenty years younger and can't believe he's the one who caused that.
Tony speaks cautiously, the carnations shrinking back in shyness, making way for tiny maple flowers. Steve wonders if he's aware of it: does he do it on purpose, or it’s completely spontaneous?
Tony shut his mouth and stares at him, his chin raised defiantly, the air now full of amaryllis scent. 'Let's see if you really do it' those eyes seem to say, 'Let's see if you dare to say it'.
Steve smiles to himself as he joins him. Tony throws at him those kinds of flirty jokes all the time. After last night they have taken on a whole other meaning.
“No.” Steve recalled about the events that followed the serum treatment, “Howard lobbied to continue the experimentation, he was one of the few.”
“How come I always find you here?” He scolded him, “Didn’t you get pumped with serum in order to get out of of doctors’ clutches?”
“Ah!” Tony's eyes widened in amazement at the realization, “Do you know how many years he spent looking for you in the damn ice? He didn't just want to find you, he wanted to find the only thing left of that experiment and start from there.”
So, despite having completely different schedules and practically the opposite of sleep patterns, they still manage to hang out together. Like working out or watching a movie with the team and stuff like this.
Tony gasps as Steve pushes him down. A slap clears the table from all the sundries, including the sketchbook. The sheets fall, scattering all over the floor in multicolored spots.
“Would you have done it? Go to someone and say straight to them you constantly see flowers sprouting from their hair? Damn, Tony, I thought I was going insane!"
He felt Steve's eyes on him as he lowered the wooden plaque on the bottom exposing the voice detector.
There is still the workstation between them. With a couple of bored waves Tony gets rid of the holograms, so they can face each other now, still at a safe distance. His breathing is unsteady and his eyes elusive, tiny white rosebuds are making their way through the lavender.
yes, but no fangs. Steve's lips were sealed, his breathing was calm. His hands, that anchored Tony to him, were still.
And Steve knew he would stay there, irrationally, until he had Tony in front of him again, alive and whole. His sweet, spicy scent in the nostrils, and its sarcastic voice in the ears.
“Strong Alpha! Thoughtful Alpha!” He chirped, refraining from laughing, “You know well how to take good care of me. So, so well.”
Wait – what the hell he was saying? Those are exactly the bigoted speeches he always hated to hear back when he was an Omega.
Steve didn't mind a damn how the average Alpha would react. He had never based his behavior on comparison: he could do better and he would have done it. But he also believed that at that moment Stark had no need of an apologetic scoffing Alpha: they were there to confront each other and, perhaps – perhaps, why not? – find in common ground. If they wanted to work together, they had to try.
When Tony sighed contentedly and relaxed against him, purring loudly and dropping down into sleep, Steve felt his inner Alpha relax too. He hugged Tony carefully and inhaled his smell: orange, cinnamon and
Tony found an empty room and closed himself in it, yelling at whoever was within range not to disturb him. Hoping that S.H.I.E.L.D. had evolved past the Stone Age, he rummaged in the drawers searching for the device he needed. He had to hurry and leave that place as soon as possible. Too many people – too many
Sure, he and Steve are going well in that kind of relationship. Sometimes they keep stepping on each other's toes, and their argues are always a big thing. But each time they take a step further and, yes, it can be said that from their despite-team-mates they have gone to more-that-willingly-colleagues, to the point of reach what seems to be a true friendship.
He’s staring at Tony, now, and at the multicolored carnation show he is putting on, while his gaze travels between the sketchbook and Steve and then back to the sketchbook.
Tony had just put the parts of the armor to bed. Quite literally. He had asked J.A.R.V.I.S. to send them to the lab and to order Dum-E and U to bathe them in the oil and give them a polish to remove the scratches, before putting them to rest.
Stark raised a hand and took a step towards him. Except then seem to freeze with the hand blocked mid-air. The distance was eventually covered and Stark managed to awkwardly pat him on the shoulder.
Eventually, the Omega woke up with a start, invoking caffeine and scratching his head, unaware of the fact that Steve was awake and was looking at him with dumb sweetness. Steve hadn't called him back when he left the room, mumbling and slamming around like a drunk puppy. However, he reappeared shortly after with two steaming cups in his hands, and he had given one to Steve. As if it had been the most natural thing in the world, as if it were a normal morning meeting by chance in Tower’s kitchen, sharing breakfast and grunting their shared disapproval of waking up.
"Not at all," Steve replied, but an immense question arose. What would Tony ask him if that was supposed to be an interview?
"I don't want to disturb them," he sighed and put on a strange expression for a second, which Steve didn't know if it was melancholy, "
"Then I think I can get to the point." Stark leaned forward, placed his elbows on the desk and put his hands together before looking directly at the blonde. "I'll be honest with you, if you want the job all you need is have oral sex with me."
I recognized that voice immediately. I must have been dreaming, because that person was supposed to be dead.
I had been in front of the mirror in my room for about twenty minutes. I must clarify that I´ve never been a vain man, nor did I care about my physical appearance aesthetically. I was a super soldier, not a model. But in those twenty minutes I had only been worried about my hair looked perfect, and my shirt didn't have any wrinkles that made it look bad.
"Also, I must first repair my motorcycle." The blond continued and she quickly put her phone down before he discovered her. "And you know I still have a lot of debts."
But what about Tony? He deserved that, giving him a chance to see again was the least I could do for him. He was the hero that we all needed many times, he was better than all of us together. I loved him, and I was willing to make him fully recover and that even with his disability he could get his life back. But that would never be the same compared to seeing again... And I swear it was sad to realize that I never thought about the possibility of seeing Natasha or Bucky.
What I am sure of is that even his words killed me, even though my chest was filled with a void of guilt and even though the memory of my decision did not let me sleep, I would never let Tony Stark leave my side.
"You guys go ahead," Tony interrupted, remembering Rhodes's invitation to lunch, "there's something I have to show Steve."
"Of course I want the job, but I won't lower myself to that act. I am capable enough of getting a damn position with my merits” Steve was more than angry, he didn't even realize he had said that curse, he was trying to keep his composure sitting in that chair, but the simple proposal was making him want to hit Stark “Do you think I will sell myself for a miserable job?”
I opened my eyes feeling that someone was with us in the room. I quickly sat up, putting myself on guard and adjusting my sight to the dark. Tony was still sleeping. Although I didn't see anything, I decided to go out and check the house.
"Forget the word girlfriend, stay with the manager. You will already know her, she is a dictator,” he said, and he pretended to have a chill running through him. “She said something related about not choosing you just because you are very handsome, she believes that I only chose your project for your photo.”
“Wanda and Clint share an office. But Bruce work in the workshop he shares here with Tony, so we will give you your own office.”
"Of course I didn't cap, I'm single." He winked at me and then added, "and I think Barnes will do well tonight with Hill."
I don't know if it was his words or the mocking tone in which he said them, but that sounded like he was finally showing what he really wanted.
"Pepper said you where the cafeteria is, I guess," the millionaire continued, Steve nodded trying to remember what floor he was on, "I'll be in my office, when you're done, go upstairs.”
The day I was informed of the death of my parents I took a deep breath and accepted it. The day I lost Bucky I tried to stay strong. When I woke up in a time that was not mine, I knew I had to do my best. Losing Natasha and Bucky against Thanos was devastating to me, but after a month of deep sadness, I started getting up mainly because Tony was leaving the hospital and he and Morgan needed me.
Steve smiled at that, the name had been chosen by Sharon and he had not refused, although it actually sounded like some kind of cartoon or game for young children.
“I see that, but I have a question, why a contest?” she asked reviewing again the announcement that they were planning to publish “I can help you get someone with capabilities without having to go through all that you pose, you are going to get bored of interviewing so many and you will explode.”
Next to him was Natasha, who placed a hand on his leg to infuse him calmly and until that moment he realized that he was moving the leg as if pedaling in an old sewing machine.
"I didn't understand what you said," he exclaimed, frowning. Perhaps he needed to clean his ears better.
She understood well why the nerves of the other, he had already a long time wanting to get a job in his beloved area. Previous job offers called for previous experience, and Steve didn't have it. So when he saw "Previous experience not required" in the Stark Industries ad, he nearly fell out of his chair in excitement. Although Steve worked in a bookstore and occasionally got private clients to support himself, he really wanted to work in something in his area. His dream was one day to be able to sustain himself as a freelance, but first he needed to have worked somewhere, he needed a good resume so that his potential clients trusted him. It is very difficult for them to hire a freelance without previous experience in a company, with which they could support their work.
"He was furious." Steve recalled. "He told me you are an asshole, and I'm beginning to believe that perhaps he is right."
I still remember how long it took to convince him that I would not leave his side, which I did not care about his disability. That I loved him no matter how he was.
At first it was very difficult for her to accept me since she accused me of wanting to usurp her mother's place. Almost a year had passed since that battle and, although I did not plan to replace Pepper, she already trusted me more and understood that I loved her father very much, and therefore, her too.
"I'm just showing Steve the place," she defended herself, folding her arms, "Rhodey," she said, addressing the other man, "I thought you had a meeting at noon."
"It does amuse me," she laughed and ignored her friend's gaze, "but now we are going to be serious." she sat up straight, getting the full attention of his friend “it won't be easy for you to work with him if you can't bear that simple joke, didn't you say that it is a different position than the one announced?”
"Steve, take a breather," Natasha said beside him with a consoling smile, "I'm sure that job will be yours."
Steve coughed a little from choking on his saliva, had the misfortune to imagine that before he entered, that other boy was kneeling between Stark's legs.
In Siberia I did not fight him, I fought against all the feelings I had for him. I hurt him and I regret every day, and although he tells me that it was in the past, I know that I will never forget it.
“I hope so, I'm just asking you to find someone who makes you happy, and makes you realize that love is something reciprocal, not just loving someone from afar.” Natasha checked the time on her cell phone and decided that it was time to go, but before she added: “And that by the way you can have cute children like you.”
“I knew it! I was sure that under that disguise of perfection was hiding a selfish and greedy man. I hope you can live with your decision, Captain.”
"You can't deny that your new boss is fun," she said, laughing again as Steve grimaced at the memory of his impression of
That thought filled me with a strange feeling. What worried me the most was to get the courage to invite Tony out on a date, if he rejected me or not, it wasn't something I really wasn't thinking so much, my mind was so overwhelmed thinking how I could propose that I couldn't think of anything beyond of that.
Hope motioned for him to sit in one of the comfortable armchairs in front of the desk. Stark seemed bored reading something from his phone, and paid little attention to his secretary when she left the folder on his desk. Steve could see that there was an ashtray with a poorly extinguished cigarette on the desk, and he understood that the strong smell of the fragrance was to diminish the cigarette smell in the office.
"And? It doesn't really matter, I can appreciate someone's beauty without expecting anything in return.”
When I turned around, I saw Loki Laufeyson. But who appeared in front of my eyes seemed a different Loki than the one I had known. His face was paler, and his green eyes were dull. This Loki seemed almost ethereal. I'm not sure if my eyes failed, but it seemed to me that he was enveloped in a kind of almost translucent smoke.
Well, Steve thought that was a little different. If the other boy had come out angry because he was willing to win the job that way so they would later tell him it was a test, he let Tony see a little better.
“Could he see again?” I asked without believing it. I am ashamed of what I am going to confess, but I was much more excited for Tony to get his sight back than… to bring Nat and Bucky back to life.
Pepper threatened him not to forget to eat this time, and walked away next to Rhodey. When his friends disappeared behind the elevator, Anthony spoke to Rogers.
"Oh, you're the one from the Marvel project," the millionaire finished, breaking the silence, "I must say it's a ridiculous name, but a very good project."
"Steve, so many years have passed. Sometimes I think you want to keep holding on to that love without really wanting to move forward.” —Natasha faced “You had nothing and still...”
Natasha turned off the engine of her car in front of Steve's apartment and took her phone from the dash to check some messages.
"I shot him a photo," she replied with a smile as she showed him the image from her phone, and she ignored what Steve said about the fact that it was not correct to shoot people without permission, "I think he is a local technician. I didn't speak to him for taking your coffee quickly, having known you was already at the interview, I had approached him, so you owed me.”
We spent the day together — although this was not new. — We saw the movies that Morgan liked so much, she was always in charge of narrating everything — absolutely everything — what was happening on the screen so that he could imagine it.
“Take good care of it, its category 2, so you have access to almost all areas of the company. I'd like to take you on a tour,” she said, standing up," and we save you from losing again.”
"I'm in doubt," Steve interrupted in part, hoping he didn't sound rude, "why didn't you say this was going to be the job in the first place?"
"You know, Maria Hill." He shrugged slightly. "He said he wanted to impress her. Apparently she didn't think he could really bake.”
“What right do you have to do this kind of tests on people?” He asked without hiding the reproach in his tone of voice. Did Stark think of himself as a deity above the rest?
"Oh," I just managed to babble. I was sad for something that was not real. I felt great weight escaping my body and now it was a thousand times lighter than air.
"That man is an asshole, get out while you have a chance," he exclaimed with clear irritation, and then followed in his steps to the elevator.
“Another nightmare? He asked in a worried tone as he approached me to hug me. "Yes," I answered his question, feeling even more miserable for lying to him, "it was a nightmare.”
The day after his hiring, Steve got up early enough to go to his first day of work. He wasn't as nervous as with the interview, but he was eager. That was normal on his first day at work in a place as important as Stark Industries, wasn't it? Perhaps the best word to describe it was expectant.
I understood his reason, but I didn´t do everything he asked me. I kept some of the robots and computers that I found in the house and put them in a nearby shed. I had the idea that someday he would want to have his things around him again. It had been barely over a year since he lost his sight. But I was going to support him and try to slowly make him the man who always made me feel proud.
The emptiness that flooded my chest had only been felt once before, and that was when I thought Stark had died from the snap that killed Thanos. Loki's offer might seem "fair," but it was killing me inside. He wasn't talking about killing anyone, but about taking away what I loved the most in life. Perhaps more than my own life, because since I met him, there was nothing in my life that did not turn around him.
Loki laughed, his laughter was so high and shrill that I was afraid Tony would wake up. He seemed to be genuinely enjoying all of this. The feeling that overwhelmed me I can describe as the biggest guilt I ever felt, but even if he asked me again my decision, I would say the same.
"I hope you're not scaring him," was Tony Stark, wrapped in a dark blue suit, accompanied by man with a relaxed face and dressed in a gray suit. “You tend to be some intense when it comes to work.”
Maybe he was so nervous about his physical appearance because of Stark. The magnate was known, among many things, for his extraordinary and fine way of dressing, with shirts that could easily cost much more than Steve's old motorcycle.
Loki started moving around me, spinning around as I felt dizzy from everything he was saying to me. At that moment I noticed that he was floating.
The first time I saw Tony Stark, I must say that I felt a mixture between respect and restlessness. At first I thought it was a feeling of repulsion for his attitude, then I realized that his attitude always attract me, and that I fell at the millionaire's feet from the beginning. Our relationship was stormy and chaotic, and I have to admit that I am responsible for that. He always tried to get close, but the feelings I clearly had for him terrified me, and every time we were good I had to screw it up with something.
It’s not that he judges him, in fact. It’s that he’s bewildered about some of his choices, nothing more.
The umpteenth S.H.I.E.L.D. agent stopped him in the corridors to warn him that Captain America was looking for him. Like Tony need to know it. He already knew it, of course, thank you very much. You couldn't develop a massive crush over a super-soldier without feeling the same imperious drive and – fuck biology – Tony should have expected it, but frankly he didn't believe it could ever be so strong. He could not have imagined it.
“I'm here.” He said, and only hearing his own voice he realized that he was purring, “I'm here, Omega.”
“Throw it all away. I don't want to find anything." he orders Dum-E gesturing towards the workstation, “And this time for real. I don't want to see you with fetishes hidden around."
“It happened once to me, too. After my mother's passed away.” Found himself remembering, “In the post-heat Bucky was unsufferable, I could not get rid of him.”
Steve licked his lips and looked away, embarrassed. He wasn't sure he liked the Tony's playboy past allusion.
stereotype that he so despised, unable to see beyond the biological limits and standards imposed by society. His mother knew he was more than that, he saw beyond the “Omega” label and the preconceptions that Howard's generation carried with them.
Tony knew he wasn't acting lucidly, but there was no way to break that chain. Attack or escape? He had chosen attack. He had to defend himself and the people he loved: it was his responsibility. It didn't matter if Ultron's disaster was born out exactly of this, out of his control craze and his fear of seeing the people he loves die – Tony wouldn't stop at anything to save everyone.
His pose relaxed slightly and he stepped aside to make room for them, but did not lower his arms, “You can get closer.” He accorded and the rescue team moved quickly, Tony stiffened again, “Maybe slowly? Very well.”
Unlike Natasha's resistance during the night, her moans of ecstasy are now so endearing that Steve kisses the girl on the lips, each one accompanied by a heartfelt "I love you" from both of them. Steve was in such a good mood that, like a baby clinging to its mother, he buried his head deep in the girl's chest and rubbed it against her, licking and sucking at times, causing her to cling to his neck and cry out in ticklishness.
The cut on Steve's wrist from the battle had healed before he sank into the Arctic Ocean with that plane. But that skin had stopped glowing, and the name hadn't had time to fully emerge, with only two initials. n-s. The name that had been forcibly interrupted to emerge was also like his life that had been forcibly interrupted.
He looked into Tony's big brown eyes, "I miss you Tony, I want to move in here and I want to ask you to be with me again."
"Nat!" Instead of the "Captain America embarrassed but happy" look she used to love, Steve seemed yo be in a panic, as if he had done something wrong, and with a lot of worries in his voice. "I just wanted to see how you were doing with your injuries, I... I won't do anything to you."
The blonde Alpha shook his head wearily, "A bit of business to take care of at the base, I've already had my dinner."
Tony rarely interfered with the chores of the house, leaving most of them to his trusted old butler and Pepper, who had grown up with him, and now Phanie. Phanie is able to do many things that Pepper cannot do, such as practising with Tony on his sword. Pepper was not a good fighter, and the soldiers in the house were afraid to use their best because of Tony's identity, but Phanie never let him down even if he was the Prince. When Tony invented many strange gadgets, it was only Phanie who tested them with him.
The long overdue giggles of pleasure made Steve even more excited and he rushed back in after a hasty release, taking Natasha one step at a time and laying her down on the front hood of the car. The man lifted both her legs up over his shoulders and tried harder than ever to drive the thick head of his penis deeper into her passionate body.
Perhaps this was the last night he would have Tony for the rest of his life, and after half a night of talking, the Omega had fallen into a deep sleep.
Steve laughed at her near-choking mouthful and shook his head, "I've been out for my morning run, shopping for ingredients, making breakfast and thinking about what I'm going to say to you later when I am enjoying the views in front of the window."
He withdrew Natasha's left hand and lifted her ring finger, gently squeezing it as he made a mental note of the size. On her wrist, in the same place where Steve's wrist had his name, there were two more letters, SR, which Natasha had written in pen herself before she went to sleep. He kissed her lightly and then lay back down with Natasha in his arms, ready to sleep with her, listening to the heartbeat of the person in his arms, satisfied beyond belief.
He still just kissed her forehead and thought to himself, "I'll explain to Fury when I make this real," and said, "Toni good night."
I have to say that since sitting down at the shop, Steve hasn't had to think about how to pick up Toni's lines, and apart from the slight effort to conceal his identity, everything with Toni is so natural and easy, and he can't help but be impressed by the way Toni talks to him about the inspiration for the new armour design, even though he doesn't understand it.
After knocking on the door, Fanny pushed her way in, "Tony, do you remember going to see the Majesty today?"
"What are you doing here?" Natasha's dazed look annoyed him a little. "I was just passing by..." Natasha rarely whispered so softly and it tickled the man's heart as he grabbed the girl's hand, "Let's go back."
Steve clenched his fists, "The time and future is not to be disturbed, why are you letting me know this."
The night before he was picked up by Agent Romanoff and taken back to New York, he almost thought he'd met the one. The girl's beautiful eyes had almost given him the rare thought of being capricious for once. But he couldn't. If he were really just an ordinary man, he would have given up clinging to that name once again and believed that the person in front of him was the love he longed to pursue that had nothing to do with a soul mate. But he couldn't. He was a warrior who would return to battle tomorrow and should not and could not bring an ordinary man into his uprooted life.
"New York ......" he repeated twice in his low voice before leading her to hail a taxi again, trying to convince the driver to take her back to New York with some of the same tactics that Natasha had just employed. A few conversations ended with the man taking out his credit card.
Through the armour, Natasha also felt the Iron Man pause for a moment, "I don't know what you're talking about."
He wasn't sure if Natasha didn't hear him or wouldn't listen to him, the girl was just sure that he couldn't push against her, so she swallowed him deeper in a desperate stance, from Steve's point of view it looked instead like he was holding the girl against himself forcing her to deepthroat, the glance made him pull his hand back in as if it burnt him. The girl's gagging reaction and rapid constriction of her throat left him in a state of both orgasm and wanting to hug her. He patted the girl's cheeks gently, "Nat, get up."
"Just call me Steve." Steve held out his hand slowly, thinking about how to turn down the offer. He didn't know why he could meet his teammate, Iron Woman at this not-so-large acting company. During his time away from being Captain America, Steve tried out various jobs using the fake identity S.H.I.E.L.D. had given him to experience this new era. Courier, vigilante, painter ...... just didn't suppose to meet Toni on this experience of being an actor.
"It is lucky that we can indeed make some changes to your appearance and cover your reactor to ensure that those people do not recognize you, but you know that right? Cap is brainwashed, he won't remember you, you may even have to fight him someday." Bruce once again had that headache look on his face.
The girl nodded vigorously in his arms, but the tears grew as if she wanted to take advantage of the opportunity to release all the months of repression at once.
"I think I'm in love with you." Steve shrugged off the vague, unspoken thought and raised an eyebrow and, without giving Natasha a chance to reply, kissed her again, more passionately than he had just done.
"Friday said you woke up with a nightmare this morning?" Tony asked as he handed the milk to Steve who had returned from his morning run. Ever since he had Morgan, Tony had given up that round-the-clock routine and would even get up on time in the morning.
Tony made Mark 85, and Steve knew that there was something secret on it that no one else knew. In his dream he once again watched the reactor go out, and it hurt like hell.
Steve looked up into her eyes and listened with pleasure to her giggle as he reached down and parted her legs for another round. Her pussy was indeed a little red and swollen from the intense rubbing, but fortunately it was still moist enough to keep Natasha from being hurt as he pounded into her.
At Natasha's suggestion, instead of using his own sketchbook, Grant took down the wall art used to decorate the room and drew on the blank back of a replica of the famous painting. "It's called hotel graffiti. To be fair, let's not either of us take the painting with us." She figured that the first thing she would do when she got back to New York tomorrow would be to get Pepper to buy the hotel as fast as she could, and then she could keep the painting.
When Tony arrived, the king had already sent someone to get Obi. The only person left in the large palace was his old man asking General what he wanted as a reward. "It was only yesterday that I regained my memory and retrieved the evidence overnight, which is why I am seeing Your Majesty today. This is what I should have done, but I do have a request to make, and I hope Your Majesty will forgive me for deceiving Your Majesty for the sake of my years of loyalty."
A week after the film's release, the studio released a blooper reel. Toni watched the line where she laughs during the dating scene dozens of times, each time closing her computer sighing at how stupid and dumb she was, only to turn it back on a moment later to watch the internet analyse the proof of how much Steve had fallen for her.
Tony smiled with tears in his eyes, but seemed relieved to know the end, "Come on, big guy, you're Captain America, Morgan is counting on you, and a lot of other people are counting on you too. I'll be waiting for you in heaven, if I have that honor, and I won't see you until you've lived out this wonderful life."
Natasha couldn't help but scream out at once, "Fuck you old capsicle, you couldn't turn me over when you stuck it in! I'm not a sex toy!"
"What ...... makes you think that?" Steve never knew the radiant Toni had such thoughts in her mind, he quickly stepped forward and took Toni's hand, "You're the best person in the world." He painfully avoided the wound and touched Toni's cheek, "Didn't you get hurt so many times to protect everyone? The only thing you need to change is to be more careful and stop putting yourself through so many wounds."
Her head was buried in his chest so he couldn't see her expression, "Blame me, I'll make it up to you when we get back, okay?"
"I'm sorry, are you saying I'm taking up space and getting in the way of people lining up to give you a hand?" The man retorted before frowning again, seemingly chagrined that he would react in such an uncouth manner.
"I don't know. Maybe ask around from hotel to hotel and see if any of them will take my watch and give me a room as a favour?"
"I thought I saw you earlier, you looked a lot more excited than all the other girls off stage. Miss ...?" Steve reached over and handed Toni back the pen and paper, attaching a perfect smile, thinking to himself that he'd just almost written his real name out.
Natasha lay on her back sucking in air like a fish out of water, while Steve's hands, now working under her, lit fires everywhere, Steve carefully observing her reactions as he explored her with one finger by one finger, like he was studying a S.H.I.E.L.D. file.
Without saying a word, Iron Woman immediately flew off with Captain America, leaving confusing Hulk and Thor behind.
"Steve, I want you to be happy. Find a purpose for yourself. How about finding your soul mate? That name should have come up a long time ago, maybe you can still have the days you used to imagine, you can still have a long life, just give yourself some space, Steve, don't crush yourself, you know that, I never blamed you."
The pain was so great that Natasha's mind went blank for a moment, she couldn't understand why Steve was doing this to her, the pain deep inside her from the sudden ramming without any follow-up, the pain in her wrists from the grinding, the lack of response and the girl's violent wriggling to get free was only met with a "don't move" warning.
There were other times when he couldn't resist fingering the little hole that had been resting for days, but his willpower always prevented him from plunging straight in regardless, and he simply asked the girl to keep her legs together and press against the edge of the unsatisfied hole and give it out between her legs. His mouth was not idle in this situation either, always taking turns sucking on her two nipples as if she was already producing milk now, and at the thought that this place would be frequented by their child later on, he would viciously add, "You are mine alone, and I will not save a drop of milk for him here." Natasha smiled and just gently grabbed his blonde hair, leaned back slightly and let out a few moans.
Toni swore she'd never seen anyone move that fast before, she just blinked and Steve's face was in front of her eyes, she felt the man in front of her not supporting his weight with his arms at all but with his whole body on top of her and she had nowhere to go but to accept his passionate kiss. "Want to do it?" The girl loved the way Steve blushed, "The kind in the water." She was embarrassed to say it herself, smiling widely but covering her face with her hands, and unable to stop herself from peeking between her fingers at the man in front of her.
On the last day Steve took Toni to bungee jumping, Steve held on to Toni's hand as they leapt off the edge of a cliff.
By the time the red-haired female agent handed Steve the files of the members Fury had assembled in the hope that he would get to know his teammates in advance, he had fixed his hair and shaved off his beard to revert to his Captain America persona.
He erotically kissed the girl's cheek until it was wet, but his hand didn't stop moving, two fingers poking deeper and deeper into her little hole, and occasionally flexing his fingers to press on her sensitive spot. "Listen to you, wet as a creek, want me?" Natasha squirmed impatiently, unable to think whether she should hide further away or swallow him deeper, Steve using just enough force to keep her from breaking free, but leaving room for her to struggle for his enjoyment. The bedroom were filled with the sound of sticky water as the man held back long enough to finally reach in for a fourth finger, "Want it, Steve, come in..."
"Then promise me you'll stop crying too, don't cry for anyone, I'm here for everything. Er, but only except when we're in bed, I'd love to fuck you to tears, God knows how much I love it when you're so fucked that you can't even cry." The man's other hand teased her everywhere until he reached the small slit, he reached up and rubbed his hand along the delicate edge twice, inserting a finger unexpectedly, "It's already been three months, hasn't it?" Not waiting for the girl to answer, he pressed down on her legs that were trying to stay together and dug in there twice nastily, feeling the wetness, he crouched contentedly in her ear and blew into her sensitive earlobe, "It sure has, I haven't fucked you in what feels like a fucking year."
The girl's face still looked flushed from some excitement, "Because I fly in the sky alone every day, and this time I can hold your hand."
He held that pose of surrender, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to come and take advantage. Though I do wish you were telling the truth, I even wondered earlier if I could just be capricious for once if the names did match up. No ...... I just can't, that's not right."
And at 29, Steve's career is flourishing, still short of the opportunity to prove himself once and for all, but it's well on its way up. Thinking that Bucky is going to use this as an excuse to introduce him to another date, Steve explains repeatedly, "It's not that I've lost the ability to love since I broke up with Peggy, I just haven't fallen in love with another person yet." Seeing that Bucky didn't accept his argument, after wishing Wanda well, he quietly left the wedding venue.
The girl in the armour felt familiar and unfamiliar to Steve, a face he never seemed to have seen before, but those soulful eyes and the softness of her voice when she called his name, which was a little different from her usual voice, he was sure he couldn't find from anyone else but Toni. "Toni ......?" Steve was a little confused for a moment, was this really Toni? Had she been lying to him from the beginning to the end? Shock and anger and heartbreak came together and Natasha waited for the moment when he froze, she leapt up from the ground, kicked away Steve's unsteady shield and sticked the hidden tranquillizer needle into his neck.
Sitting in the Ferris wheel at early night, Toni looked out at the view and quietly said, "You see all the lights out there, but none of them is for me. It's always like this, whenever I feel like I'm having a good time, there's always a voice in my heart that reminds me that good days like this don't last, they will disappear and never happen again."
"Mummy and Daddy, I'm having a nightmare." Peter clutched his little pillow and knocked the door outside their bedroom in aggravation.
"I didn't think the lace tabloids would know such an intimate name that only those close to her would use to call her, what, did old Mr Stark tell you this was the nickname he was going to give to his daughter?"
So he left New York temporarily and came to Boston alone to live like a normal person. He grew his hair long, grew a beard and did his best to widen the gap between his appearance and the well-known image of Captain America. Pretending he was a street painter, a bachelor who barely broke even, a good neighbour who was happy to help others.
"Toni, I said this was punishment." The man guarded her little belly but underneath he was not gentle and jerked his waist wildly. His force was so fierce that the girl's pussy, which had been resting for months, was a little overwhelmed at first, "FUCK, three months without fucking through here and you're as tight as a virgin, you were born to be fucked by me weren't you?"
Steve would also prepare breakfast for the girl if he had time during the day, but often at the expense of making her do the dishes - often with a Captain Hydra fingering her warm body while gently threatening her not to shake her hand and to punish her one more time if she break a bowl.
Natasha couldn't resist the torture from her love any longer, she knew that Captain America's patience had always been unbeatable, and besides, Steve was still her desire, a desire she couldn't resist. She opened her eyes and, after first saying a mental hello to the big guy she hadn't seen in a while, she wrapped her arms around Steve's neck and pleaded in his ear, "Please... Please fuck me ......"
The moment Natasha Stark stepped on the plane to Afghanistan, she felt a warm patch of skin on her chest, and Rhodey told her that it was a sign that her soul mate's name would appeared.
"Don't say that, the baby will hear you." Natasha didn't think the day would come when she would be the one to remind Steve of language.
Steve spent many days working to concoct a non-existent hope that Thor would cheer up. Every day since then, Thor has been the same as when he was in his old days in his dreams. But he still watched the reactor go out.
Peter, who had seen the scene through the glass door, sprang to his feet in shock, Captain America's return kiss aborted, and the CEO of Stark Industries, the Tower's owner, woke up.
Stark is the future. The thought kept haunting Steve's mind as he wandered around SI. Whether it was the Stark Expo when Howard was there all those years ago, or the rapid technological innovations at SI today under Toni's leadership, it struck a chord in his heart even he was not a tech-savvy guy.
He ate a hasty breakfast and called a taxi as soon as he saw the time again. He arrived in good weather indeed, and thought that perhaps since his morning had started calmly and without setbacks, the day promised to be the same.
Her secretary had brought her Steve's papers, she really didn't understand why Tony had chosen him. Although his Marvel project was quite good, of all he was the one with the least experience, track record or recommendation he had. But the decision was already made, and Steve seemed to be quite a worker, so there was no other. Also, she couldn't complain too much, Tony had been the one who gave her a first job opportunity when she had no real experience.
"I will explain exactly what your responsibility would be in this company. As you already know, there’s two main pillars in this company,  me in the financial area, and Tony in the area of invention, of course. I have a work team, Wanda Maximoff and Clint Barton, you will meet them later, they are my right hand and between the three of us we carry that weight.” she paused, seemed to think something that had her worried “Tony does not have any team and that has always worried me, because he does not want to rely on the managers of the different departments either. He wants to do his part completely alone.”
Loki vanished into the mist and I left alone in the middle of that room that for some reason seemed tiny and suffocating. What had I done?
"Please sit down" Steve seemed reluctant to do so, but when he saw that the other was waiting to continue talking, he reluctantly obeyed "Your project was very brilliant, I was even tempted to choose you immediately without having to do all this nonsense of the ten semifinalists But Pepper... do you know who she is?
Tony was a genius, no one could deny that, but even the brightest geniuses needed to delegate functions from time to time. The two most important functions of the company were the financial part and the creative part. Pepper was financial and relationship compliant — technically she was the president — but she knew running a company like Stark Industries wasn't easy, and she had her own personal team: Wanda Maximoff and Harold Hogan. The three of them were the highest part of the finances, and then they leaned on the managers of each department.
The way he looked at me and smiled did not please me at all. I knew he was up to something, and that something was surely bad. Loki stepped back and walked to the sofa that was near us. I saw it better and now I can assure that the Asgardian was wrapped in a strange mist that clung to his body.
Out of nowhere I began to laugh, the situation itself seemed quite funny. After almost a minute in which I managed to control myself, Tony looked at me with great curiosity and wanted to know why I was laughing. And I decided to be fairly honest.
"I asked JARVIS for you and he told me that you had been up here for more than an hour, I assumed you hadn't had dinner and I brought you something to have dinner together."
I felt pretty stupid for even thinking that I might have the chance to date Stark. He was too much and he wouldn't settle for so little. Putting the super soldier's serum aside, I had nothing to offer. I was null in terms of technology, I could hardly handle a cell phone that Tony had taught me to use, my sense of humor was “archaic” as the engineer always made fun of, as well as my way of dressing, my customs… everything me was archaic, obsolete.
"Then you're the famous Steve Rogers." Pepper looked him up and down with appreciative eyes, and gave him a sincere smile. "I've heard a lot about you."
I smiled, even though he couldn't see me. I loved him and I loved those haughty moments that I was having more often. I helped him to his feet and this time he didn´t protest. We all have breakfast together in the kitchen. Morgan and I sang a birthday song and cut the cake that I had baked the day before.
"Explain to me again. When did you realize that I was always right and decided to listen to me?" Pepper Potts crossed his legs feeling victorious, so many times claiming to Anthony that he needed someone to help him and his friend finally realized. “I say, it is surprising that Rhodey and I begged you so many times for the same thing, so that out of nowhere you tell me that you accept my proposal.”
"I've even received threats that I need to stop stealing Stark's girlfriend," Rhodey joked as he reached out for Steve, "but let me formally introduce myself, James Rhodes, the official boyfriend of cute Pepper."
The mirror reflected the depressing image of a nervous man, without bearing and despair; That was exactly how I felt. All I wanted was to ask Tony for a ... date. Rather, go out with me without any commitment if he preferred. I took a deep breath and decided to leave the room, at least everyone had to leave, that made it easier for me to be alone with Tony, I could never have asked for anything in front of the other avengers.
“Do the gods have to give their reasons?” He questioned, and this time he did seem offended. “Let's just say that between you and Stark, you seemed more ... altruistic. And you need to be altruistic for this deal.”
"Then you will be with him directly." Steve nodded and she continued. "They say working directly with Stark is not easy. And, well, according to your encounter with him ...”
"I'm sorry for the delay," he said, approaching the desk and reaching out to greet the woman, "I got lost in the hallways and...”
That bothered me a little. Tony didn't like cooking at all, if he had decided to help Bucky it was obvious that he want to spend time with Bucky.
"To bring Romanoff to life I will take someone else's. For Bucky's, the same. I need a change, Rogers. He will have his sight again, but for me to give him that gift, I will take his love for you. In the end, he will end up loving someone else.”
When she disappeared, he inevitably began to feel even more anxious. He began to squeeze his hands, really wanting Nat to come over with the coffee so he could relax with the aromatic drink. He was suddenly startled to hear the doors open that separated him from Stark's office. He did not think it would be his turn, the interviews were longer. He swallowed hard when he saw Cristopher Paul come out — if he remembered correctly — with a strong step and angry eyes. It even seemed that he would start crying with rage at any moment.
His gaze was strange, as if he wanted to tell me something, and I wished it was the same as I wanted to say. I took a deep breath, he smiled at me as he tilted his head, as if he expected me to say something, and I knew I should ask him. Tony was too good for anyone to be interested in him, and if I missed this perfect opportunity, maybe someone else would take advantage of it.
"Let me tell the truth, Captain, I am dead," he clarified, without losing his smile. “But the gods do not die as humans think. My soul is in a special limbo, along with other deities, and although I must say that it is the most boring thing I have ever experienced, they give me a tedious task. Give the saviors a gift.”
“I know, I know. But hey, she's the boss, and I had to listen to her. Although I will not deny you, you are very handsome.”
“Your language, Natasha."  Steve reprimanded and his friend could only roll her eyes “I can take a taxi, and at night use public transport. I will fix the motorcycle as soon as I can.”
He looked so lovely when he smiled. He had stopped right next to the sofa, and that allowed me to see him completely. His shirt folded to the elbows and with the first button loose, gave him such a peaceful air. I noticed that her hair looked a little wet, it seemed that he had showered recently
"Move out of this pigsty soon, Steve” Natasha went to sit in one of the armchairs in the small room while Steve went to the kitchen “you won't be able to object, you already got a good job.”
“Can I spend a few minutes?” she asked taking off her seat belt “I met some friends to meet up at a cafe nearby, and it's still early.”
"The gods, Rogers, they can do anything. These are not the same as in your reality.” Loki stood up but kept his distance from me. "I can make Stark come out unscathed at the moment of the snap and Nat's life be changed by, I don't know, maybe Wong. I won't revive him anyway. And I will ensure that at the moment of your friend's death, be replaced by another person who was destined to die anyway.”
“You know? Rogers, at the end of the day, always makes me happy to know that you stayed by my side. I never thought I would be so lucky."
Stark smiled at him again and settled back slightly in the chair. Being so close Steve realized that the magazines had not done the millionaire real justice. He was attractive, more than anyone could describe, and he had the most seductive look that a person had ever seen. Those eyes seemed to want to proclaim themselves as the masters of the world.
Not that Steve was not happy for them, but the problem was that it was very difficult for him not to feel immense jealousy when he was in love with Sharon. The four of them had been friends since they were 15 years old, and although Steve had always had a thing for the blonde, it was Bucky who came forward to confess on graduation day, and to ask her about three years later. And Steve didn't blame him, no one knew of his feelings, except for Natasha — always so smart and insightful Natasha — but he had made her promise that she would never say anything.
"Yes," Potts rolled her eyes, irritated by that, "there's no way they understand. But don't worry Steve, everyone reacts the same when they find out.”
I fell asleep after midnight when I managed to stop rambling on in the past, but woke up soon when I heard something I didn't know if they were dreams or not.
It was three in the morning when he finally fell asleep in my arms, as we both liked. Sometimes, it was he who wrapped me in his arms, other times, it was me.
It took me another hour to get to sleep. His arms and scent always calmed me and helped me sleep but sometimes, like that night, some memories flooded my consciousness and just didn't disappear until after a while.
Pepper continued talking to him, explaining well the work that he had to do, as well as giving him his own code card that he would use to walk between the offices. They had used the photo Steve attached to his resume, and he wondered if they had done that before he had the interview with Tony.
Steve nodded reluctantly, thinking about a coffee would be great for him at those moments, and he saw his friend get away from him, reach the elevator and disappear.
I loved to climb on it at night and contemplate the sky, and I loved more when I found that Tony was also up there, and we kept together making company each other for long hours.
My hand had settled between our bodies to caress him, he had thrown his head back concentrating on the pleasure that everything caused him. And I could only see how beautiful it was to have a Tony Stark under me.
“The great Captain America will not hesitate to accept this deal, to revive his friends and return the sight to his beloved, even if that implies that he will be alone. In giving a father the opportunity to see the face of his little girl again. In allowing that girl to be able to show her wedding dress to him the day she gets married. Isn't the phrase "if you are happy with another, I am also happy" true?”
He felt the secretary's heel click sharper and deafening than it really was, or perhaps it was his own heart that started to pound as soon as he got up from his chair and walked to the office. Office that in itself was intimidating of how immense and imposing it was. Stark was in the back, with his back to large windows that gave a full view of the city. His desk was mahogany with the company logo carved on the front. Anthony looked truly imposing. A strong scent of lavender filled his nostrils, surely with some scent.
“I'll be fine.” He said, cutting off what she had to say. "I will go on Sunday." He stated forcing a smile.
“Where have you been?” His voice broke me even more than i already was. In the darkness of the night I could distinguish his face and his eyes ... those eyes that had no light, and that cause of me would never have it again.
“Who ... who would be with him?” It was not my intention to babble, but it was inevitable. Just the thought of not having him with me made my chest ache.
“Jealous? Of your arrogant, obsessive, compulsive, whimsical, conceited idiotic self getting their kicks someplace when you know you’re desperate for it elsewhere?” Steve grit his teeth, he was obviously trying to keep his voice steady, Tony narrowed his eyes devilishly. So many buttons, which to press first?
Tony raised his hands to Steve’s slowly reddening ass and stroked his cheeks. “Is this the first time you’ve not played it safe in sex Rogers? The first time you’ve got a bit freaky.” Tony spread Steve’s cheeks and fingered Steve’s hole lightly.
Tony took his free hand and ran it through his messy hair. “So how long have you had the hots for me then? I’m not expecting undying declarations here Steve my man, I’ve been in love and this isn’t it. I’m just curious as to what goes on in America’s golden boy’s head.”
And then he was moving, moving against Steve’s strength, pushing him back, pulling his wrists from his grip as their lips mashed together and he shoved Steve into the coffee table, the only reason his bulk didn’t smash it was because Tony had had Thor around for parties enough times to think twice about furniture, things hit the floor, probably smashed, who cared? Steve sat down with an astonished look as Tony loomed over him. Part of Tony was screaming at him. What the fuck are you doing? This prick ruins everything! Part of him was on a rant about spangly things and disappearing acts and part of him was thinking about ripping off his stupid costume, didn’t he own any fucking normal clothes?!
“I thought you said this building was the safest in New York? So surely I could scream as loud as I wanted.”
“Don’t get shy on me now Cap, I’ll pull those videos up again.” He beamed down at Steve, loving the way he looked on his knees.
Then the dismay turned to anger, because being rational was not Tony’s forte. Being angry was, yelling and acting out and lashing out at those around him was what he did best. He could remember so clearly the only time he didn’t, when he sat there in that room with his head down not looking at the paperwork being passed across the table to each shocked face of each Avenger. He knew if he spoke there’d be shouting and it ended up happening anyway, when he had promised himself he wouldn’t do this, wouldn’t try to force Steve into it. Steve didn’t work that way.
He lay a hand on Tony’s bearded cheek and smiled. “I have more friends than just you you know. They brought me here and they’ll take me back after.”
He sat up, keeping Steve’s cheeks spread, and positioned his cock at Steve’s entrance, he rubbed the tip of his cock around Steve’s asshole and Steve pushed back onto it. He slapped Steve once more. “Ah ah, you be a good boy now.” Steve stifled a groan in the cushions in reply.
“Bucky is gone.” Steve swallowed hard and Tony looked at him, really looked at him, he saw Steve almost turn away from the look in his eyes. “He put himself back under; he’s gone until they can help him, get the control off of his mind. He can’t deal with what he’s done, you can hate him all you like but he is doing the right thing.”
“Hey Tony, what…?” Steve scowled at him but he pulled back after rummaging through a small set of drawers beside the bed.
“Don’t I know it…” Steve muttered and his eyes softened slightly. Tony took his chance and leaned up and grabbed that ass he had been itching to grab since day one.
“She sort of gave up, and we dated briefly before, back when Hydra operated SHIELD and we were forced to spend a lot of time on the run together. But it never seems to last. We get together and then the world attempts to end… Don’t look so surprised Stark we weren’t exactly hiding it.”
“You’re damned right I want to hit you”, Tony stalked past Steve and turned around. “I want to punch you in your perfect teeth as usual but once it seemed like a good, fun idea and now it feels like retribution.”
Tony jumped up from the sofa, causing Steve to crash onto the cushions. Undisguised mischief danced in Tony’s eyes and he strode over purposefully to the bar, Steve watched his ass shake to and fro as he walked away.
Tony was sitting in the tower on the sofa feeling pretty shit. He didn’t know what to do, how to feel, what to think. Steve said he’d meet him, alone and talk, no government, no SHIELD, no Bucky, no Avengers. Just Steve and Tony. Tony really really could not believe they would just ‘hash it out’ and be done but he also knew he needed to do this, for his own piece of mind, for the worlds even. (Mainly for himself but hey let’s not feel too selfish here yeah?)
He couldn’t deny it, he missed the red white and blue dick head. Missed the conversations, missed taunting him, missed the parties. He missed them all being together, it was all fucked up because of him.
“Oh Tony, I can’t, ah, I can’t hold on much longer.” Steve cried out and Tony heard a ripping and then Steve spat out feathers.
He sounded tired, or half asleep, but just the way he said his name was making Tony struggle to breath through his anger.
He got to the top of the stairs and stopped, looking around. A lavish open plan bedroom stood before him, the window wall continuing upwards from below to span two thirds of the slightly rounded room.
Tony smirked, then with a devilish grin he drew his hands down to his pressed dress pants, tailored to be tight enough to his body to get you interested but still leave a little to the imagination. He kicked off his shoes and then undid his belt with deliberate slowness, pulling it off and dropping it at his feet.
“You don’t say shit when you have your damned clothes on Rogers.” Tony bit down on the section of skin between the neck and shoulder and Steve groaned, leaning over on the bed and pushing Tony off him so he could face him.
“Come on Rogers, I have absolutely no doubt you’ll be screaming my name by the end of this, but right now, I want you to beg, I want my name to come out as breathy and sensual as those sweet little moans you keep letting out.” Tony smirked at Steve, who raised his face minutely and looked at Stark, one eyebrow raised. Tony took his free hand and cupped the back of Steve’s neck and pulled his ear to his lips. “Say please, say please Tony, fuck me into oblivion, I’ll do what ever you want.” Tony trailed his tongue down Steve’s earlobe teasingly and Steve groaned, and Tony could hear a hint of defiance even in that.
“Don’t, I give these babies out for free.” Tony raised one eyebrow mockingly as he popped the top button and unzippered his fly.
Tony grinned. “Hey Friday, pull up all angles of security system delta archive present.” Steve looked down at him and cocked his head like a puppy dog. Tony wasn’t going to tell him that he just made that name up and Friday already knew what to do, he wanted to see the surprised shock of Steve’s face.
Tony allowed his grin to stay plastered to his face as he listened to Steve rave and swear as Tony pounded into his ass like it was an enemy, every slap of flesh on flesh fuelling his lust.
“Please.” His eyes implored Tony. “I need you inside me, I need you to, how have I heard you say it before? ‘Fuck me raw.”
“Shut up Stark, I don’t think your sofa will survive round two.” Steve chuckled as he carried him up the staircase.
“Fuck it.” Tony put his hands either side of Steve’s gregarious crotch and pushed himself off the other man causing Steve to yell ‘hey!’. He grabbed the rumpled suit, let Steve kick off his ridiculous boots and pulled the rest of it off him unceremoniously. “No wonder you don’t seem to get laid it’s like your own personal fucking chastity belt just more poncey.” He tossed the suit on top of his shirt and took in the sight before him.
Almost as if in a dream, he saw himself press the button and the screen change to say ‘dialling’. He took a deep breath, closed his eyes and put the phone to his ear.
“Silverstone Race Track in England.” Tony followed his line of sight. “And next to that is a loop of my garage and my cars.”
It had been months, over a year, no, Tony was not going to give the exact number; he had definitely not been counting the days. Months of no contact, of Steve being the ‘good friend’ and giving Tony space. He didn’t want space, he wanted Steve here right now, wanted him yelling, wanted to yell at him until no more words came to him. Wanted answers, good answers, bad answers who gave a fuck just fucking answers.
Steve opened his eyes tentatively. “I have to say I acted purely on instinct here Tony. You’re a good looking guy but I can’t figure out if I want to hate you or want to sleep with you.”
Tony sat up and slapped Steve hard across both cheeks. “Who the fuck said you could talk soldier.” Steve jumped, but continued to present his ass to Stark like a birthday gift.
“How the fuck do you get this shit off Rogers? I’ve seen you take it off a million times and I am still in the dark here.”
He pushed the pants down slowly, a grin spreading across his face as he revealed Iron Man briefs in stark contrast to his Gucci suit. Steve barked a laugh and leaned over onto one arm.
He was off somewhere, gallivanting about with the bastard who murdered his parents, murdered them, as in physically killed them, strangled his fucking mother. How? How can he be okay with any of that? How can he look Bucky in the eyes and be okay? He couldn’t even think about Steve without wanting to break something. The second time he read the letter he punched his table and fractured a knuckle.
“I lost because I held back, you didn’t, I held back because of you, not because of him. Through out everything that has happened I have always been classed as the wild card. But where Bucky is involved there is no sense to you, you would have killed me that day if you had needed to and I couldn’t bring myself to do the same. You’ve become dangerous, something none of us expected of you. I certainly never thought I’d reach a point where I actually thought you were going to kill me. God the only reason you didn’t was because of your little hat trick with my arc reactor. Tell me you wouldn’t have. Please dear god.” Tony looked away and dragged his fingers through his hair. “Tell me I’m wrong.” Tony looked back to Steve, who wouldn’t meet his gaze.
“Alright, enough of the pillow talk, my feelings quota is maxed out today, are you still with me old man? Reckon you can keep up enough for round 3?”
“Bet you didn’t have this shit in the 40s, Strawberry flavour.” He winked and climbed back onto Steve, dropping the condoms onto his chest, slipping backwards until he could feel Steve’s penis pushing into his goddamn lower back it was so big. He popped the cap and grabbed Steve’s hand, upending the bottle and pouring it into his open palm. “Get to work Cap.” He grabbed the hand and wrapped it around two of his fingers, sliding them through Steve’s now closed fist, delighting in Steve’s expression, part lust part wonderment, then led his hand down to his own cock, Steve obliged, never taking his eyes off Tony’s face.
There was a beep and suddenly the walls were filled with video footage of the last two hours in the Penthouse lounge, Steve dropped Tony, who fell with a yelp to the floor, but sat up laughing his head off as he watched Steve slowly turn bright red as he took in the images before him. He looked down at Tony, who had one hand on his stomach and the other propping him up as he howled with laughter.
He pushed the head of his cock into Steve and gave a couple of quick, shallow thrusts, enjoying watching himself open Steve up, his lopsided smile grew wider and he took Steve’s hips in his hands. There was an audible slap of flesh on flesh as Tony pounded himself into Steve and Steve cried out, his head coming off his arms and his eyes flying open. Tony pulled himself back and slammed himself into Steve once more, then he started to really thrust. If Steve had thought he was being rough earlier he was in for a huge surprise. Tony pounded into Steve, he leaned over and shoved his shoulders down into the sofa then dragged his nails across Steve’s ribs as he thrust into the super soldier with all his strength. He left Steve’s cock to bounce and throb, enjoying the sight of it as it bounced in and out of view with every thrust. Now Steve was groaning, moaning and almost sobbing into the sofa, Tony leaned forwards and stuck his lubed fingers in Steve’s mouth.
Steve let out a long sigh and relaxed his body under Tony’s. “At first there was only Bucky, I tried it with women I really did but it felt so forced, just doing my duty, Buck got all the girls and they just looked at me with pitiful eyes. Bucky was the only one who looked at me and saw me. But I always felt that I didn’t deserve him and he’d eventually get bored of me. I always felt I had to prove myself in every sphere. And then Peggy came along, and she was perfect and she saw me. I’ll love her till the day I die Tony. I had that taken from me and though I tried with Sharon and Nat-“
Having Steve in his hand was like trying to hold on to a slippery metal pole and Tony marvelled at it. Not the only Iron Man here, Tony thought and laughed to himself, ignoring Steve’s glance. As Steve’s breathing became heavier and his fingers dug into the cushion beside Tony’s head Tony simultaneously slowed his thrusts down and his pumping, this was one fight Steve was going to lose. Steve threw his head back and let out a breathy moan, flicking his hips up into Tony’s own, trying to keep him going. No chance, I can 100% guarantee this is something I am actually better at than he is.
Steve’s cock bounced across Tony’s stomach with every thrust and Tony bucked his hips and grabbed one of Steve’s arms, unbalancing him he pulled the man down to him, he had one hand gripping Steve’s hip bone and one on his arm, as Steve fell closer to the younger man Tony retook Steve’s mouth as his other hand reached for Steve’s shaft. Now at a better angle Tony pushed himself into Steve as his hand pumped him, aiming for the bundle of nerves he knew would make Steve lose his shit. “How do you hide this beast in that skin tight suit of yours Rogers, are you a grower, not a shower?” He panted into Steve’s mouth as he felt beads of sweat rolling off him and splashing down his own cheeks.
“I don’t think I will.” He slipped a thumb under the waistband of the boxers and ran it down the sharp hip bone.
And now Tony was waiting for that call, no one knew he was here but Pepper and she had cleared the building out. He expected Steve to arrive incognito, in jeans and a god awful baseball cap and aviator shades like he normally did when hiding. In some butt ugly little car that belonged in the 40s just like Steve did.
“To the left up the glass staircase princess.” Tony motioned to a twisting clear glass staircase Steve hadn’t even noticed earlier, or any other time he’d be in Stark tower, not that he’d ever really been up in the Penthouse, the labs below, the party deck and the R&D floors below were where they all spent their time.. “You guys have your areas, I have mine, I have another suite below us but, I’d rather not use that one, that was where Pepper and I...” Tony crinkled his nose, sighed and then grinned, showing his teeth and pushing such thoughts away.
Steve broke eye contact and sighed, stroking Tony’s cheek before flopping onto his back and scrubbing his face with his hands.
“Oh I knew there was a freak in the sheets hidden away inside there just begging to be let out. I told you I’d ruin you Stevey.”
He flipped the cap with his thumb and squeezed it down into his hand that was currently working its way inside Steve. He needed more than two fingers for this. He lathered up a third finger and pushed it inside, keeping a steady rhythm.
“Please.” He dropped his head to Tony’s ear, his lips brushing the stubble on Tony’s cheek. “Please Stark.”
Steve cupped Tony’s balls for a moment, fondling them, exploring them and Tony gasped into Steve’s neck, he could feel precum spilling down and dampening his boxers and he knew Steve could feel the warmth spreading over his fingers, he could feel it driving Steve crazy. He worked Steve out to his full length and whispered into Steve’s burning neck. “Supersized indeed big boy, let’s bring you out to play shall we.” Steve turned his head and nipped Tony’s bottom lip with surprising force and Tony feathered a kiss at the edge of his mouth before sitting up, giving Steve ample moving room to take Tony’s weeping cock in his hand as his other hand stroked straight down the sensitive middle of his ass. He pushed into Steve’s hand, biting his lip and then opened his eyes and took his hand out of Steve’s boxers and the other he disentangled from his hair.
Steve nodded into the pillow and Tony chuckled, digging his fingers into Steve, searching for his prostate. He hit it and Steve rocked back onto his hand with a force that Tony reckoned would probably actually break his wrist if he tried to fist the bigger man. That had him laughing and he withdrew his fingers, eliciting a moan from Steve. He’d never really been one for that kind of stuff anyway.
Without another word he drew back and took Steve in his mouth. Steve blew out the breath he didn’t know he’d been holding and stared open mouthed as Tony swallowed him as easily as if he were an average sized man; Tony grasped Steve’s hips and held on as he pushed Steve into his mouth until his beard was scratching Steve’s balls, it was a strange, foreign feeling. Steve could feel his cock hitting the back of Tony’s throat and yet Tony never faltered, he swallowed onto Steve’s cock and sucked, hollowing his cheeks and causing Steve to grab at the bed with enough force to rip the sheets. Tony took one hand and slapped the side of his ass hard for it, making Steve yelp, but he kept going.
Tony leaned forwards, reaching out and grabbing Steve’s hair, pulling their mouths together. He kept on advancing, pushing Steve back to the edge of the bed. Steve scowled at him, but he let Tony press him backwards and got off the bed, Tony stood up and retook Steve’s mouth with his own, now the height difference showed and Steve had to lean down to keep the kiss going. Tony tugged on his hair and pulled him forwards until Tony was backed into the wall.
Tony kneaded his knuckles into the tight muscles there, then stroked down Steve’s hard thighs and back up again, he worked his hands around to the sensitive inner thigh and dragged his nails up them wickedly and Steve moaned, his cock twitching over Tony’s hands. “Come on Steve, a little louder now babe.” He spanked Steve twice in quick succession and Steve really cried out then, pain and pleasure mingling in his voice.
“You obviously do not read magazines.” Tony grumbled spitefully, “this isn’t just about me, but everything. What would have happened to you had you killed me? Do you think you’d have been left in peace like you have been? You know why that is? Me! I’ve been keeping them off you, doing my best to convince them to not have the search for you as top priority. They’re out for blood Steve, but not only that, if you killed me your life would be over! You would never be able to be America’s golden boy, you’d become a villain in your own right and you would be hunted down and killed.”
“Good, glad we got that cleared up. So, what, you go back to your hidey hole, this whole shebang never happened and world keeps on searching for Captain America?”
They held each other’s gaze for a moment, the calm, sea air blue of Steve’s eyes in stark contrast with Tony’s chocolate brown that were as always dancing as though a fire were lit behind them. Then Tony broke the contact.
. Tony though and a smarmy smile pushed its way onto his face as he took more control of the kiss, he took one hand up the muscles of Steve’s spine and grabbed his short hair, well, long for Steve actually, a lot had changed but who was thinking about this shit right now? Instead he was tilting Steve’s face upwards and deepening it, Steve gasped and gave Tony entrance to explore his mouth with his tongue. His perfect fucking mouth and perfect fucking teeth that should be on a toothpaste advert. He wanted to punch him, or… both, maybe both.
He stood on one side of the steps to the sitting area and Tony stood on the other by the window. They were so close but it felt like there was thousands of miles between them, and a barrier so strong neither could break it alone.
Still several feet away from the bed, Steve tossed him at it as if he weighed nothing and Tony couldn’t help but yell as he flew through the air and landed in a heap on the silk sheets. The bed was huge and set into the wall.
Tony clenched and unclenched his fists a couple of times, he had so much more he wanted to say, but he had no idea how to say it without screaming.
“No, is that a problem Captain?” Tony challenged Steve with his eyes, and sat up, pressing his hips into Steve’s, throwing his head back at the growing hardness pushing into him. He sat back on himself and pushed back, causing a moan to escape Steve as he pulled the shirt off and tossed it to the floor. “I may not be a super soldier but I’ll be damned if I’ll be intimidated by you old man.”
Steve’s fingers were still on his belt loops but he moved them off and splayed his hands across Tony’s hipbones clumsily and Tony had to wonder when was the last time, if ever… (probably man or woman a small voice charmed, though there had been James Barnes…). Tony dashed the thought away, that was one road probably best left un-travelled.
“As epic bromances go, I reckon Iron Man and Captain America is in the top 3.” Tony shrugged. “I mean we’ll never beat Sherlock and Watson but we actually exist somehow so there is that.”
Now Tony started to move, whereas Steve was the essence of calm and measured, Tony was not, Tony was erratic, fast and hard, swallowing down on Steve like it was nothing, Steve arched his back and thrust into Tony’s mouth, Tony hummed at the thrusts and Steve felt it burn up his groin and into his stomach, making him tense and curl his toes into the soft bedding. Tony took his hands from Steve’s hips and ran them down his legs, his fingers leaving tingling lines in their wake. He got to Steve’s calves and yanked Steve’s legs up until his knees where in the air, now Tony could angle Steve’s hips and he swallowed him once more, this time his tongue snaked out to run itself across Steve’s balls and Steve gasped in pure pleasure at the feeling. It was unlike anything he’d ever known. Tony was a master of his mouth in more than just wit and sarcasm, Steve felt sorely inexperienced at the feeling of Tony’s tongue on his shaft and had time to think determinedly ‘
“Oh god Stark! Stop it.” Steve cried out as Tony stretched his legs out under Steve, pushing his knees up and cradling his ass with his thighs.
This surprised a laugh out of Steve and Tony bent down, capturing his mouth before he could stop laughing. Steve took in a breath from the side of his mouth and kissed Tony back, he ran a hand up Tony’s shoulders and down his back to his boxers, he slipped a hand underneath the elastic to cup Tony’s buttocks, squeezing hard enough to elicit a groan from Tony. He broke the kiss to look into Steve’s eyes quickly, then dipped his head to Steve’s cheek, brushing his lips across Steve’s ear.
Tony’s cock was properly weeping now and as much as he was enjoying the sight of Captain America naked and sitting on his hand, cheeks flushed, mouth open, sweat beading on his skin, all he wanted was to be inside him. He angled his fingers up until he hit that wonderful bundle of nerves Steve’s homophobic god had put in there as an ‘in case of emergency’ backup and Steve turned to putty on his hand, he wrapped his long legs around Tony’s waist and pulled him in, taking Tony’s fingers to the knuckles and thrusting down onto them. Tony felt the blood in him struggling to decide whether to flood his cheeks or join the rest of it in his cock and he flicked Steve again, who almost screamed and his eyes flew open.
“Oh here comes the routine, you just can’t stand to have something you want can you, you have to wise crack the whole way.”
The inner turmoil was giving Tony a headache. Did he really choose Bucky, or did Tony give him no choice, did Tony take away that choice. Did Tony push him into Bucky and make it obvious that there was no way Steve could make this right again.
I took everyone to their room and finished organizing the mess we had left in the kitchen. Sometimes I was surprised myself to have gotten that family. I was immensely happy to have it. I loved Tony with my soul, and Morgan was the daughter I never thought I would have after realizing that mine weren't women. Some days I felt like a usurper, I felt like I was stealing Pepper's place, but on those occasions Tony noticed it — he was blind, but he noticed everything that was happening to me — and told me that He had loved me since we have sex at Clint's farm, and sooner or later our destiny was to be together anyway.
So Steve was almost 20 minutes late to Pepper. And, when her secretary opened the door to her boss's office and saw her sitting behind her desk, he had the decency to look truly sorry.
“Why the hostility, Captain?” He asked, pretending to be offended. "Aren't you glad to see an old partner?"
He had a sense of humor very similar to Stark's, every time they talked them both ended up laughing. It was obvious that he looked much better than me, and that he knew how to dress even better. And although Tony would not be compared in terms of technology, he dominated technology much better than me.
When the coffee was ready, Steve approached her with the steaming cup, saw his friend smile on the phone and did not imagine that it was because she was sending his picture to her friend. They talked for a while, and Natasha wanted to listen again to the interview he had with Stark.
I had to make an effort not to be alarmed much. Tony stretched a little and stuck more to the other's body.
The fact that he prepared them made me even more happy. Tony hated cooking so much, that he preferred to order food at home, or wait for someone else to decide to cook and share something, even if he was very hungry. I had known it for a long time and tried to cook whenever I could and leave it with stored food that only had to be heated in the microwave.
“Do you think you regret it?” She asked doubtfully, if she already thought of his boss like that and hadn't even started...
"So we started well," she smiled, feeling flattered, "I'm the vice president in front of the public, but soon you'll realize that I'm really in charge here."
“I hope so.” Natasha took the last sip from her mug, already cold, and remembered that she had wanted to ask something. "I have a question, isn't it something strange that they hired someone strange for that position? I think they must have looked for someone within the same company.”
We moved into a house away from everything, which was what we needed most. I really didn't care how much the world might need me at the time, I knew Carol and Sam could help as the heroes they still were. Bruce had also decided to stay and rebuild what he could and support others. I decided to hand over the Captain America shield and be what Tony and Morgan needed at the time: just Steve.
The named Rhodey approached them and did something Steve never expected: he kissed Virginia Potts on the lips.
"Let me get paid first." He began to prepare a coffee while getting rid of the first buttons on his shirt.
The aforementioned brought the cigarette to his lips without responding to Pepper, knowing that he would have to endure it in her victorious mood for a couple of days that would be quite heavy.
Tony was clinging desperately to my back and his nails were digging into my skin tightly, but the pain of that was nothing compared to the pleasure that enters and leaves his body caused me.
“And why me?” I asked for. He had referred to Tony and me, but he was only showing up in my presence.
Although an AI could be an excellent assistant to the genius, he just didn't want to have it anymore and asked me to remove everything I could. Tony did not want to know about the technology that he could no longer use as before. He just wanted us to keep a television so— our — daughter could watch movies, a music players, and a phone so that I could use it case of emergency. He didn't want anything else.
"I don't like it, but he was somewhat anxious. He has a date with Maria and was thinking give her a homemade-gift."
I felt a tightness in my chest and suddenly the air began to lack. I opened my mouth to breathe harder as my chest pain increased and I realized I was having a panic attack. I controlled myself as best I could, feeling useless and the worst scum on earth. I took a deep breath and headed towards the room feeling an indescribable need to hug Tony.
"It's a beautiful night today." He settled his hair with one hand and stared at me. "That always brings good luck."
"Oh no, nothing happened that you imagine," he said, understanding the other's thoughts, "when he accepted, he obviously failed the test. He was offended because he failed, and went out fuming.”
“Do not misunderstand.” Said Steve, "I know this is a good opportunity, only if Stark is as ... as he was today, I don't want to imagine having to work with him every day. Apparently it is equal to everything they say about him in the press.”
It was not his turn to go to Stark's office, but to the office of Pepper Potts, who would give him the first indications and, for some understandable reason, had her office very distant from that of the millionaire genius. And unlike the playboy office, which occupied almost the entire top floor - the 50th - Pepper's was in the middle, and he became confused as to whether it was on the 47th or 37th floor.
The fear that ran through me when I heard that was indescribable. He couldn't be referring to parting with Tony, could he?
The room was filled with the sweet moans that came from his mouth, it was like music to my ears. No, that was more sublime than just music.
I heard Tony laugh again, I was fascinated to hear the sound of his laugh. He was with Bucky, they both turned their backs on me. Bucky seemed to be concentrating on something that was on the kitchen countertop, and I watched as Tony leaned over to see over my friend.
I walked to the kitchen remembering what had kept me awake much of the night. Again I had the memory of the final battle.
He had dated others, his first girlfriend, Rachel Leighton, had lasted almost a year with her, but in the end the relationship ended because he could not hurt the poor girl, and he was still thinking about Sharon. He then dated Natasha's friend Susan Storm, but even before of six months, the girl cheated on him with her ex-boyfriend Reed, and Steve had to admit that he wasn't even hurt by the deception or separation. His last girlfriend, Margaret "Peggy" Carter, Sharon's cousin, was perhaps the longest lasting: almost three years. But she left him when she realized that despite all her efforts, she couldn't fully occupy the blonde's heart.
He removed the ice cube, then lifted it to Steve’s lips, delighting in the melting water running down his fingers and splashing onto Steve’s ripped chest. Steve looked at it for a moment, then opened his mouth and let Tony place it on his tongue. Steve sucked on the ice cube obligingly and Tony flung an arm behind his head and dropped onto it, groaning at the sight and closing his eyes. He heard Steve crunch down and knocked back the rest of the scotch, dropping it to the floor and letting it roll across the laminate flooring.
He was still higher up than he should be, so he grasped Tony’s hips in his hands and pulled them towards him slightly, digging in his fingernails until Tony groaned. He was already semi erect and Steve couldn’t help being impressed. He was up and to attention faster than Steve could have managed that’s for sure.
“Oh gross Tony what the fuck!” Steve spat and Tony burst out laughing without slowing down his thrusts.
“Retribution, you deserve justice.” Steve looked up at him and Tony had to remember how to breathe as he nearly bit through his lip at the look Steve gave him, how dare he.
“Okay this is too weird for me, aliens coming to destroy Manhattan is a breeze compared to what goes on in your head Stark.”
Tony leaned down and gave Steve’s cock a quick tug. “Don’t worry, I haven’t forgotten about you big boy, but this ass is demanding my attention. It’s gonna be tough work leaving a mark on a super soldier.”
Steve shoved Tony to the other end of the sofa and stood up; before Tony could protest he scooped him up in his arms and brought him to his chest.
“I know no such thing Rogers, how did you even get here by the way as JARVIS detected no vehicles arriving or leaving the area surrounding Stark Tower?”
“Afraid you can’t take it Stark?” Steve raised his eyebrows, it made Tony clench his fists into the soft material of the couch.
And he was sitting here blaming Steve because of Bucky. He could never forgive Bucky for what happened, the thought made him feel physically sick, he walked over, down the steps and sat onto the sofa in front of the phone.
“You’d better believe I’m harder, what about you super soldier, did they super size all of you or leave that part out?”
Tony didn’t know anymore, it kept him awake at night sometimes. He put the phone down and scrubbed his hands over his face and breathed out harshly. It wasn’t about right or wrong anymore, or the past or the present it was about the future. They needed Steve, Tony needed Steve (though loath to admit it). Banner was gone, Widow was gone, the team were in some jail (or secure facility as it was called, not floating on the sea at least, they’d be released soon, so he’d heard, but kept tagged and supervised under the act Steve had fought so hard to protect them from), Thor was probably watching on and shaking his head, not even wanting to come down here and sort it out because it was so fucked up.
Steve toppled forwards with a yelp as Tony darted to the side so Steve fell against the back of the sofa, so yet again Tony could put himself on top.
Steve ignored him. “As for Bucky, whatever we had is gone thanks to Hydra. You’re right Stark, there is more than just a friendship or brotherhood there. Bucky is my everything.” He closed his eyes, waiting for Tony to lose it.
This time Tony stepped forwards, they were closer now, both standing by the seating area with nothing in between them anymore.
“You bet your ass I do, I have to work fucking hard to keep up you the rest of you you know, I swear Thor was born with fucking pecs.” He scowled but it only made Steve chuckle, his body vibrating underneath Tony. “So do I just pull this shit off like a leotard or do I have some more bells and whistles to fail at undoing?” He crinkled his nose at Steve, who obliged by taking his hands off Tony and unclipping the belt harness what the fuck ever it was.
Tony had a moment to think about how surreal this was as he dipped his fingers into his glass and pulled out an ice cube, Steve eyed his hand as he placed the cube against Steve’s chest and Steve winced and shivered at the touch, he slid it along Steve’s pecs and onto his nipple, causing Steve to gasp. “Hey, that’s cold,”
Clint’s face flashed behind his closed eyelids, his face when Tony visited him when he found out where they were being held. The betrayal…
“So where have you been? You and-“ He couldn’t bring himself to say the name, so just let the implication hang in the air between them.
“Uh huh…” Steve tore his eyes away and looked around the rest of the room, it was one big projection screen, on the wall behind the pond it showed a moving jungle, behind Steve it showed Miami Beach, to Steve’s right it showed…
Steve sat up. “God you’re such an asshole Tony, and for the record, no, Sam and I, we haven’t and wouldn’t, it’s not like that.”
“You said no more talking, now hurry up and make good on all those promises you just whispered into my ear.” He breathed, licking his lips and grabbing at Tony’s ear with his teeth.
“I couldn’t keep them cooped up; they have like 3 floors to swim on.” Tony shrugged against Steve’s chest.
Tony pressed himself into Steve and Steve inhaled sharply as he felt Tony’s erection against his stomach, Tony took the opportunity to grind into him and catch his bottom lip in between his teeth as he kissed him, biting down until Steve hissed with pain and Tony let go, getting a satisfied look at the bruised lip before Steve snaked an arm around his neck and pulled him back so their lips were together once again. Tony could feel the heat rising off of Steve’s body and it only fuelled him more, Steve seemed to run hotter than the average person (pun not intended, well, okay yeah) and it was driving Tony mad.
Steve rolled off Tony and lay down next to him, pushing Tony across the sofa cushions until he was lying on his side, trailing his fingers across Tony’s stomach.
This stopped Tony cold. “Don’t you dare, don’t you dare use me in comparison, you know what I never did? Murdered someone in cold blood with my bare hands!”
“Jesus Christ you’ve been here five minutes and you’re already defending him. Why is it so hard for you to just accept what he did?! He’s the WINTER FREAKING SOLDIER FOR CHRIST’S SAKE!” Tony threw his arms in the air, feeling himself go red.
And then Steve’s lips were on his, shock registered briefly before the more primal part of Tony’s brain locked it away swiftly, he felt blood rush to his cheeks and the thought of the current insanity ran through his mind like Rogers on track day. And then his whole body just softened and Steve reacted to it, flattening himself against Tony, Tony felt himself kissing Steve back and the thoughts in his mind all seemed to cry in unison ‘fuck it’. Instinct, lust and greed consumed Tony as Steve’s hands pinned his wrists to the wall behind him. It was like struggling against concrete but Tony still tried, he refused to make this that easy on Steve no matter how much want blinded him. When had it turned to want?
He rode out the climax, still pumping Steve’s cock as Steve’s cum ran over his fingers and dripped into a pool on the sofa and soaked in,
Steve spat out more feathers and gripped the edge of the armrest until his knuckles went white. Tony heard a rending whine as Steve bent the metal frame, and then the whole couch lurched as part of the frame snapped under Steve’s hand.
Steve got up, gracefully as fucking ever, and strode over to him with all the pretentious purpose of an action hero in a film, which he practically was. (God knows Stark Enterprises merchandising unit had wanted it to happen). He stood over Tony, silent, lips bruised but pursed, eyes roaming Tony’s body. He suddenly felt very naked, which was odd, because he’d turned up to many things but forgotten his clothes and not batted an eye. It was the hungry look in his eyes, it was driving Tony mad.
He came back with yet another bottle of lube and squeezed it into his hands, watching Steve’s curious face all the while. “I hear chocolate and independence go well together.” He grinned at Steve before reaching back down and coating Steve’s aching cock with the cool gel.
He wanted Steve to make him understand, or at least fucking try, not give him the whole sap story ‘sparing his feelings’ bullshit. He wanted to talk to him alone, no fucking Bucky or Ross or anyone but them, maybe he could punch him a few times until he felt better and no one could stop him.
There was the number, the number he could say in his sleep, the number he could count backwards. The number he could press now and do something good for once in his fucking life. Do something right. Why did right always feel so awful?
The phone Steve had left him, and the note, so wrecked from being crumpled up, binned, thrown around, unfurled and re read and scrunched up again that it was barely readable. Tony bit his lip until it hurt. He’d almost thrown the phone out of the window so many times.
Somehow, during the shouting and the arguing they’d ended up standing in front of each other, maybe a couple of feet away, Steve had backed away during Tony’s rant and they were near to the elevator.
“Wait Nat?! You and Widow? But, her and Banner had this whole beauty and the beast thing going on.” Tony stared at Steve anew, temporarily forgetting the hard bulge pressing into him and the almost naked man beneath him.
“You said a bad word!” Tony cried and dropped his pants and kicked them off. “Christ Steve can you drop the pompous attitude for one minute.” He stepped up to Steve and loomed over him, enjoying being taller than him for once. Steve sat back and looked up at Tony once again with those fuck me eyes and even had the audacity to bite his goddamn lip. “So what is your deal Rogers? Men, women, both, have you had the hots for me for a while or is this a new thing for you?”
“So do you, but I’ve never seen you in action, though I’m sure some of the other Avengers have.” Steve nearly spat.
The sigh and chuckle of relieving tension from the other end made Tony squeeze his eyes shut and dig his fingers into his face.
“I have no doubt Lang has an entire Avengers wardrobe set so that isn’t really points in your favour.” Tony sniffed contemptuously. “As for Falcon your bromance is adorable.”
“I knew you had it in you babe.” He quipped and withdrew his fingers, his other hand shoving Steve in the chest.
“Promises promises Stark.” Steve replied breathlessly, spreading his legs either side of Tony’s own.
“You know Tony; you can’t just fuck all your problems away.” Steve continued to stroke between Tony’s legs.
Steve just groaned; his hot breath mingling with Tony’s own as Tony pushed Steve’s hips off of him and then took hold of his ass, pulling it down onto his cock. He went to thrust into Steve again but this time Steve hit back, Steve pushed down onto Tony’s cock with a force the younger man had almost forgotten he had and now Tony was the one unable to hold in his moans, Steve pushed Tony back off of him with a strength that offered no margin and now Tony was the one being shoved into the cushions. Steve straddled Tony’s waist and suddenly the Captain emerged, no longer meek and hesitant Steve sat on Tony’s cock and started to ride him, all that uncertainty slipping away with every thrust. The battle for power began between the two, Tony was used to being the one in control and he wasn’t going to give it up easily. Though less experienced experienced, Steve was bigger, stronger and heavier and he used it to his advantage.
“Ooh, you tease.” Tony was panting too now, his breath became ragged much quicker than Steve’s, who had recovered from the first part of the tryst very quickly indeed. He felt his own cock begin to throb and willed himself to hold on, he hit Steve’s prostate again and again and now Steve was screaming.
“No, you can’t hate anyone can you? You know I wanted to hate you for so long, then I met you, and I tried to give myself reasons to hate you but I couldn’t. And then this. We were a family all of us. We used to have parties and tell jokes and train together. And there was me and you, keeping this family together, your ridiculously overwhelming sense of justice and my genius keeping the world turning as it should.” Tony’s shoulders dropped, though the anger was still radiating through him.
“Do you ever stop talking?” Those blue eyes captured Tony’s gaze, whose eyes kept flicking back down to Steve’s smooth, chiselled chest.
“I’ve spent the best part of a year alone, wandering about, staying with different people or on my own. I’ve been unable to stay in one place too long or stay with anyone too long because I can’t, because what happened haunts me. What you think you were the only one? The only one kept awake at night? The only one staring at that phone for hours on end? I tried and tried and tried to hate you, hate all of them but I couldn’t.” Steve’s whole body was tensed and heated.
Steve pressed his hips up to him, feeling Tony’s body tense from his thoughts and Tony felt the anger start to bubble over, he tugged on Steve’s hair again and Steve responded by grabbing him in the ribs and pushing him off of him sideways. Tony staggered back and down a step to where he landed with a thump on the sofa. This was more like it. The last time Steve had gotten rough there had been consequences beyond his control, not this time.
“You are so messed up I can’t even think where to begin!” Steve prowled towards him on the bed and Tony had to suppress a shit eating grin at the expression on Roger’s face.
Large, slender feet travelling up to long, corded legs that seem to stretch on for miles, large, muscled calves and thighs, smooth as a newborn babe, a tight, packed ass and something that most certainly was rather large bulging under the tight black boxers.
“That’s it, say my name baby.” Tony smirked, enjoying watching Steve unravel above him. He circled his hips once more and brought his thumb to the tip of Steve’s aching cock, where he rolled his thumb in a circle across it.
Tony didn’t need anymore encouragement, he dropped himself onto Steve once more and set to the skin under his jaw, taking it in his teeth and biting down, feeling Steve’s body respond, his fingernails digging into Tony’s ass so pleasurably. He reached up and entangled one hand into Steve’s hair, tugging on it rhythmically as he started to work his hips into Steve’s. The hand that was still in Steve’s boxers worked their way down (and hey, there actually was hair on Steve's body who knew!) to the hard part in the middle and he stroked his fingers up Steve’s length, feeling his cock twitch and grow under them. He slipped his fingers round Steve’s length and started to move his hand, slowly, measurably.
“Sending the elevator down, doors will open as soon as I hang up.” Tony closed the phone without another word and stood up and went over to the wide window that served as a wall. He stared out of it, at the landing deck, memories flooding through him of what used to be. Remembering Loki’s fall here, and how they did it as a team, as a family.
“There’s squabbling, then there’s trying to murder each other over terrorism, not very family like.” Tony retorted with a disgusted look.
“Neutralised? Until some other whack job scientist decides he wants to make him his play toy again and then boom we have the Winter Soldier on our hands again, how many times must this happen before we actually manage to kill him, and probably you in the process. Do you know just how close we were to killing each other over this whole thing? Can you look me in the eye and say you weren’t prepared to kill me for him?”
“Bet you didn’t know men could have those as well Captain.” Tony brought himself back up to Steve’s face and kissed him slowly, deeply and so unlike the other times that Steve had to stifle a sigh at the touch.
”Langua-“ Tony dropped onto him, cutting off his ridiculous catch phrase with his lips and Steve fell back onto the table. It can’t have made for comfortable leaning but Tony didn’t exactly care. Steve hadn’t exactly made the last, however fucking long he honestly had not been counting at all, not once, nope, no clue how long…
Steve brought his hands up to the neck of Tony’s shirt and ripped it open, buttons flying across the penthouse like bullets as the blue of his arc reactor flooded the room. “Christ Steve that was a nice shirt.” Tony laughed into Steve’s mouth, his words becoming a moan as Steve’s warm hands began running over his chest, exploring Tony’s body, circling the reactor curiously, intriguingly. He reached Tony’s ribs and Tony broke the kiss. “Tickles.” He breathed.
Steve chuckled and left himself laying there with his head turned, watching Tony gather up two glasses and pour a generous shot of scotch into each. He reached under the bar and grabbed some ice cubes, dropping them into the deep brown liquid. He walked back over to Steve and shoved him over, before leaning up against the back of the sofa and shoving a glass into Steve’s hands.
He looked over at the phone and pursed his lips. “Shut up.” He said to no one in particular, being that he was alone. He was alone a lot nowadays.
He let go of Steve for a moment, reaching over him, running his body across Steve’s chest until his ass was practically in Steve’s face.
Steve tore his eyes from the walls and launched himself at Tony, his bulk causing the bed to bounce Tony backwards.
Pepper was gone, technically they were on a ‘break’ but Tony knew how those ended. The Avengers were in jail, Vision was floating around somewhere moping. Widow was on some top secret mission aka ‘get back into the good books’ and more and more Tony found himself looking at the phone.
Steve looped his fingers through the belt loops of Tony’s neatly pressed suit trousers and yanked him closer, Tony was quite sure he heard material rip and winced internally before remembering he was a billionaire. He did that sometimes. Now he was in-between Steve’s legs and the literal picture of American innocence was looking up at him with fuck me eyes. Who knew Steve could look like that. Tony couldn’t say that though.
Tony bucked his hips once again and squeezed Steve’s cock, Steve clenched his ass cheeks around Tony’s shaft and Tony couldn’t help but cry out in unison with Steve.
The phone rang and Tony jumped, startled out of his reverie. He stared at it for a moment before shaking his head and grabbing it. Here goes nothing. He flipped up the phone case and put it to his ear once more.
“Touché.” Tony felt the rage fading, reverting back to sarcasm because he didn’t know what to feel or what to say.
Steve clenched his jaw and Tony could almost hear the internal struggle Steve was having. Pride always comes before a fall. And someone else was going to be coming before him too. Tony thrust his hips up and Steve’s fist hit the sofa hard, denting the metal frame below the cushion as he cried out, his breathing almost becoming a sob.
. Tony laughed quietly to himself and then looked up at Steve, who was back to staring at the images.
Tony stepped back to the window and Steve stepped forwards, reaching out slightly as if he could reassure Tony somehow but Tony didn’t want to hear any of it.
“You know, for someone who is veeeeery lacking in this area of expertise you’re a fast learner Rogers. What it must feel like to be you, knowing you can take all the pounding I can give you.”
“So, do I get to see what is under the suit then Iron Man? Properly, not just passing in the showers or when you’re at a party abusing alcohol.”
When Steve had picked up the phone after what felt like the one thousandth ring Tony had stayed silent, silent long enough that Steve had tentatively said
Steve cried out and threw his head back and Tony leaned down, backtracking his earlier plan and grabbed Steve’s ready to erupt shaft, ripping the condom off, he wanted to feel the hot cum on his skin. He started to pump Steve in time with his thrusts, causing Steve to keep clenching his ass around Tony’s pulsing cock, and then his whole body clamped down on Tony’s cock as he came, cum spurting out across the sofa and Steve’s arms, gushing down Tony’s hand as he screamed Tony’s name over and over.
He continued to grind his hips leisurely into Steve, enjoying watching Steve’s balls roam around his abdomen as he moved Steve around.
“Oh this is not even a personal record, trust me babe.” Tony leaned down to Steve, taking in the smell of sweat and cum and sex that pervaded his nostrils.
Steve bit Tony’s lip and let out a yes that tapered off as Tony’s hand made its way down to Steve’s pert ass. “I can’t promise I’ll be gentle, actually scratch that, I have no intention of being gentle with you Rogers.”
Steve ran one hand back up to Tony’s chin and brought Tony’s mouth back to his, Tony reached his hands up in turn and fumbled at Steve’s suit.
Steve ran his hands up and down Tony’s bare legs as the younger man straddled his waist. He huffed a laugh as he looked into Tony’s brown eyes that were alight and sparkling. “You weren’t kidding Stark.”
“No more talking, fuck the fighting, fuck Barnes, fuck SHIELD, I am going to ruin you Rogers, I hope that serum gave you super stamina in bed because I intend to see you unable to walk straight.” He purred, accentuating his words with thrusts of his hips that had the other man gasping into his hair.
Steve pulled his arm from Tony’s grip, breaking the kiss, and slammed it into the arm rest beside Tony’s face, now Steve was looming over Tony and no longer looking the picture of innocence. Now Steve was pure unadulterated sex. His pupils were blown, his face flushed, his breathing coming in ragged gasps and moans, his hair was all over the place, his mouth was open and his lips were swollen, he had never looked more gorgeous that Tony could remember. “I have my ways Stark.” He replied breathlessly.
. As Steve’s cock started to go flaccid he pulled his ass of Tony’s own cock and spun around, Tony had time to think damn he recovers fast, before Steve had shoved Tony into the sofa, he peeled the condom off Tony’s still erect shaft and took it in his mouth. His hot breath ran down his shaft as took Tony’s cock like it was an ice lolly and Tony couldn’t take his eyes off the sight before him. He took his cum covered hand and put a finger in his mouth, tasting Rogers on his tongue and he groaned. Steve finally released Tony’s now limp penis and licked the cum off his lips, eliciting another groan from Tony.
“Every man looks tall when you’re on your knees, but I’m big where it counts,” he beamed down at Steve, “now be a good soldier and get to work.” Tony tugged Steve’s hair downwards this time, and after a silent challenge from those blue eyes he relented and dropped to his knees.
“Before the accords happened, we were like family, and me and you, there was definitely something else there, maybe a little more dormant on my side, I guess I’m just not a very dominant person in that area and you had Pepper and, well, you know.”
A faint trickling sound began and Steve looked around, on his left a waterfall was coming out of the wall, it travelled down, under a glass floor and disappeared into the other wall. Steve took a step and the floor lit up under his weight like a stepping stone, he moved into the middle of the room and stopped once more, almost forgetting Tony was still naked in his arms. To the left, hidden by the waterfall was a tiny tropical pool with koi karp swimming in it, the waterfall bubbled through it and trailed off to the left as well, where more fish were swimming.
“Finally stepping up there Cap.” He sniped. “Are yah ready to stand for attention for me?” He eyed Steve’s suit that was definitely not hiding the arousal.
Steve laughed quietly and Tony placed a hand on his chest, feeling the laughter go through his body, and his heartbeat below it.
“You can begin by getting on your knees if you’d like.” Tony lifted one eyebrow and let the grin out, he raised both his eyebrows at Steve and let him follow his eyes downwards.
He opened his eyes, picked up the phone again and sat back against the sofa, he wondered if Steve looked at the other phone like he was right now, wondered if it kept him awake at night. Wondered if he’d given up hoping by now.
“Why? Should I be, am I getting his sloppy seconds or something.” Tony raised his eyebrows and shrugged.
“That’s more like it.” Tony lifted himself off Steve using his knees and grabbed the suit once more, this time working it painstakingly slowly down the broader man’s hips, making sure to drag his fingernails down the sensitive skin of Steve’s waist. “There’s that perfect V. You know Rogers I’m slightly put out, I mean practically the entire world has seen me naked, I’ve seen Thor naked because the dude has an aversion to pants, I’ve seen Clint because that man has no shame, I’ve seen Banner because we’re science bros and that fucking Scott Lang will just change right in front of securing cameras and bare his ass to them. And I honestly have no idea if Vision even has anything down there but you, you’re a fucking prude and you have made me wait a long time for this.” He took his tongue between his teeth and pulled the suit over Roger’s perky fucking muscly butt and was honestly surprised Steve had space in that skin tight outfit for a pair of boxers. “Damn I almost expected tighty whiteys.” He pouted.
