“And?” his brother prodded. He had, I noted, not released his grip on the thin wrist.
[The doctor has edited himself here; striking out the word “simply.”]
“Of course I am!”
[Sherlock has added a note.]
His stare was dreadful; his silence was worse.
“Very well. Doctor, may we sit and talk for a bit?”
taking a drink is so difficult as to be impossible.
? There are no food allergies or sensitivities listed on his chart. There is no reason not to give him a proper, balanced dinner.”
“Where is…” she couldn’t finish her sentence without incriminating herself, she realised. Damn.
in that muck?”
“Yes. That’s it.” She withdrew a delicate handkerchief from her reticule and dabbed discreetly at her lips.
His piercing eyes swept the hallway, taking in everything, a look of intense concentration on his face. He now glared at the nurse.
And the two had plenty to give.
A part of him commented. John sighed.
“Woah there, calm down.” giggled John, taking the glass and bringing it immediately to his lips.
“What?”
John had been wanting to engage Sherlock in another conversation again, but with hectic schedules and Snape always rushing Sherlock around, it was difficult to get a word in. So alas, weeks passed with nothing except the dull routine of Hogwarts life. Enthusiasm was picking up again in the castle with the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang students impending arrival, and even John found himself being carried away by the excitement of it all. The boys in the dorm had begun taking bets on who they suspected the Hogwarts champion would be, and so far, the nominees had been narrowed down to three candidates: Cedric Diggory, Greg Lestrade and Angelina Johnson. Most of them, including John, had their money on Cedric, though it may have been the house-bias talking. Michael defended that Angelina had a great chance, but the rouge on his cheeks indicated that his thoughts were elsewhere.
John’s fists clenched helplessly by his side. “But, he…”
Sherlock flushed red and faltered for a moment, staring at John with wide eyes. But the others were looking at him expectantly, and the show must go on.  He turned to Nev and Max.
busts?”
He moved to continue, but was stopped in his tracks by a warm hand holding his own.
The two exchanged a glance, excitement swimming in their eyes. Max zoomed in on one of the posts, Nev reading it aloud.
John held his breath.
Sherlock was a sociopath – a high functioning one. He had mentioned this multiple times, insisted it, even. He didn’t care for people. He didn’t have friends. And he certainly didn’t have a soulmate. But yet…
“Care to elaborate, John?”
The person on the other hand picked up and Nev put it on speaker. “Hello?” he spoke.
He took this as an invitation to continue. “Why didn’t you tell me sooner?”
Sherlock coughed. “Only a suggestion.”
“The way you guys communicate is very refreshing. None of that,
, we got nothing. Just like you said, it’s a really common name and none of the results seemed to match your description of William.”
With that, yet another day passed with John holding his breath.
Max pulled out his digital camera and the shot changed to a close up of Nev's face. The brunette chuckled and looked into the lens. "Could you imagine if William lived in the States and we had to go all the way back?"
But he couldn’t handle it. He couldn’t handle the words Sherlock was sure to speak next, or the words that threatened to spill from his own mouth.
It was only when Sherlock started school that the word
Shouldn't John have sparked with joy? Exclaimed how happy he was and that this 'was everything he'd ever wanted.' That's how Sherlock had imagined the scene unfolding, anyway. But dreams weren't realities. Dreams were nightmares in disguise.
He sighs exasperatedly, before offering Sherlock a worn smile. “Sherlock
John paused in his tracks. “Sorry… How’d you know about that? Me wanting to be a healer?”
The results, as they anticipated, were minimal, with many being off topic entirely. Max looked disappointed. “Do you think he’s made the job up?”
“Oh, shit…” Nev muttered. “Well, uh… thanks for the advice, man. It was real helpful.”
John couldn’t help but wonder: if this man, by chance,
John brushes off her apologies with a kind smile and a few words of forgiveness. Sherlock meets her expression with a subtle smirk.
John watched the interaction carefully, slowly filing his parchment away to appear occupied.
“When did this happen? Holy crap.”
Sherlock’s hands subconsciously lifted to poke at his skin. “I mean, if it helps with your healer endeavours, go ahead.”
One year turned into two, and while John could have sworn he felt occasional bouts of pain, they weren’t obvious enough to be attributed to his soulmate. Slowly but certainly, he was falling into a depression so deep, John was uncertain he’d ever be able to rise above it again.
Nev took a hesitant step forward. “Um, so, everything seems to be going really well so far. It’s great to meet you William, er, Sherlock. I’m Nev, from an MTV show called
Sherlock stumbled, biting his lip anxiously. “Right. I’ll just… fix those up.” he gesticulated to a random bundle of equipment on the shelves by John’s work station, and John suppressed a grin at Sherlock’s utter transparency.
He was vaguely aware of Michael chatting eagerly beside him, his recent crush being a Hufflepuff from third year.
John’s heartbeat immediately picked up, and his wand was out in a flash. “Petrificus Totalus!” he yelled, instantly causing all three perpetrators to become rigid and immobile, collapsing to the floor unceremoniously. With them out the way, John maneuvered around his desk to check on Sherlock, lifting his gaze to be met with stunned eyes.
“It was by accident, really. I was up here pacing because I’d spilled some really valuable ingredients of Professor Snape’s and well… I just kept wishing that I could find some more somewhere. The door appeared out of the blue, and when I looked inside, well… It was a giant Potions lab filled to the brim with ingredients. Apparently, it gives you whatever you wish for.”
He needed to find Sherlock.
John shrugged bashfully. “Dunno. Figured I’d prefer to be here… with you.”
Overwhelmed by a sudden sense of courage, John straightened in his chair, a solemn expression overcoming his features.
“Shit, John. I know you told me he’s interesting but… this is otherworldly. What does he do for work?”
“Well, um, I grew up in a magical household, as you know… And after my letter never arrived,” Sherlock paused at this, as though he were ashamed. “I was devastated, really. I think my parents were holding onto the hope that I was a late bloomer. But anyway, after spending a year in a slump, my brother suggested I try making some potions. It’s different from normal magic because technically, a wand isn’t required. Just ingredients and a cauldron. And well, it was amazing. I’ve always had an affinity for chemistry and science, so Potions came as second nature to me. And after a few years of stealing my brother’s school books and my parents library supply of recipes, Mycroft offered to talk to Professor Snape on my behalf. Guess his pompous ass is good for something.”
Sherlock’s eyes opened and Lestrade reeled at the influx of emotions presented in them. It was so unlike Sherlock to display any part of himself so willingly, and he almost felt guilty witnessing it. His hands weakly gestured to his left shoulder, the tremor in them too strong to do much else.
That night, as was tradition, the fifth-year Hufflepuff boys sat in the common room drinking Butterbeer and eating Chocolate Frogs. John was sure he was going to be sick, but tradition was tradition, and he laughed along with the rest of the boys as they recounted the day's happenings.
John watched Sherlock ramble with a small grin on his face, captivated by his excitement and expression. The weather at Hogwarts had been getting progressively colder over the past few weeks, and so the two of them were bundled up by the fire in Sherlock’s personal quarters. He’d been surprised when Sherlock first proposed them sitting in there as opposed to the usual Room of Requirement, but found the space to be just as comfortable and very Sherlock-esque. Books were strewn everywhere, with many packed unevenly in the bookshelf to accommodate the expansive collection, and potion recipes seemed to lie on every surface. The sitting room was home to a desk, a small dining table, a large sofa and a fireplace, beside of which sat Sherlock’s personal kitchen/laboratory. Here, it seemed as though potions were brewing constantly, and though the smell turned John away at first, he learned to become accustomed to it.
“Perhaps, yes.”
“Sherlock,” he exhaled, voice shaky. “I’m sorry. I need… I need to think. This is too much.”
“How?” spoke John, and Max captured the immediate change in Sherlock’s façade as he turned to face John. His face softened considerably, mouth quirking at the look of awe on John’s face. Even his cheeks seemed to have reddened, but perhaps it was only a trick of the light.
The camera jostled noisily before coming to a focus on Nev's face. He sat propped behind a computer screen, smiling widely into the camera's lens.
(See the end of the chapter for
And then there was an attack on their base, and all troops had been called to action. John remembered feeling distant, as though this raid was a small obstacle one might face every day. His focus was marginal, and he took cover and shots at the enemy with the familiarity of routine. He vaguely recalled shouting – desperate yells – before a familiar singe littered his hands. John might have fallen over, if he weren’t already crouched. He stared at his hands with wide eyes, heart beating radically in his chest. They were there. His soulmate was alive and —
John sighed. “No idea… Just gives me the creeps.”
Max snorted loudly. “I’m sure it won’t be quite that bad. But yeah, all that stuff is really helpful. Thanks heaps, John.”
something unspeakable.
He made the tea slowly, methodically. Sherlock watched him closely. An influx of discomfort invaded the flat. Neither could think of words to speak. But neither wanted the moment to end like this.
They both hung up, and Nev was left staring at Max with wide eyes. “Did you hear that?”
He balled his hands into fists nervously. “Yeah, right, um… Just a little tired, lads. Don’t think this chocolate sits well with me. Sorry to be a let down.”
’ stared up at him, foreboding, and he was cautious to keep his soul mark hidden from any onlooking soldiers. He didn’t know what would happen here – if anything
Molly sighed. “It’s just so stupid. All because you made friends with Sherlock. I mean, yeah you guys are quite close, and sure, Sherlock is quite feminine, but that doesn’t automatically mean you’re gay. I mean, I know plenty of --”
By the time tomorrow had arrived, John had forgotten all about the supposed apprentice until he walked into Potions class that morning. He saw him immediately. Tall, lanky, curly dark hair. In a way, his posture and dissecting stare almost reminded John of Snape, and he considered the possibility of them being related. But no. Snape having a family was a preposterous thought in itself, let alone being related to someone so oddly attractive. Embarrassed, John diverted his gaze and hurried to his desk, saving a seat for Mike Stamford – a short and stubby Ravenclaw who John had taking a liking to from their very first week at Hogwarts. It also helped that he was interested in a similar career path to John. He needed good grades for his OWLs that year to become a healer, and unfortunately for John, Potions was one of his prerequisites. Now Mike Stamford wasn't a Potions prodigy by any means, but he could at least mix together the required ingredients correctly without it ending in a hazardous disaster.
Sherlock visibly pouted at this –
Sherlock sunk into himself, watching with fearful eyes as John grabbed his jacket from the hook and left their flat in a hurry.
“Like hell I’m telling you, kid.” Cedric chuckled. “Seriously though, if it becomes more of an issue, talk to Sprout. Trust me.” Cedric winked before turning and continuing on to the castle. John frowned. What the hell was that supposed to mean? With a frown, John vowed to forget about it before following after Cedric, hoping to Merlin that detention with Snape tomorrow evening wouldn’t be absolute torture.
opinion of her.”
Molly grinned widely. “No problem.”
Sherlock sniffed, purposely avoiding the persistent glare of the lenses. “I am in fact clean.” He began slowly, fiddling with his hands. “But when we first started talking – when you were in Afghanistan – I was… far from it. It was a difficult time of my life. I often—” Sherlock paused. “I’m sorry. This is just quite difficult with everyone here.”
. It was
He’d fucked everything up. Of course he had. He’d ruined it all.
overexcited at the prospect, because upon lighting his first Bunsen burner to record the burning time of different types of paper, Sherlock had immediately singed two fingers. He huffed indignantly, blowing on the burn before returning his gaze to the microscope before him.
“Oh…” Molly had spoken, her voice a whisper. “Right then.”
Sherlock was aware of John’s feet treading up the staircase to his bedroom. Another door closed. He’d been correct. John was leaving for good. And Sherlock hadn’t even turned around to memorise his face one last time. He shuffled around and sat up. John had to come back down at some point.
He’s a new face to the teachers and Rosie’s classmates. In fact, the man’s identity is a total mystery to everyone.
Sherlock checked the time again with a huff. John had been gone for hours. Surely he was returning. Even if it was for ten minutes to collect his belongings, Sherlock had to see him again. Even if it was to say one last thing. Or to simply see John's face one last time. Smiling, preferably. Sherlock was well aware that he was expecting the worse. He had always been dramatic, and that much wasn't going to change anytime soon. But it was truly difficult to maintain any flicker of hope. Not when John had reacted the way he had.
"What've we got today, Nev? Anything juicy?"
Breathing deeply through his nose, Sherlock remained silent.
Nev looked at Max hopefully. “Yeah, erm, Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock pursed his lips. “John,” he whispered. “Please tell me.”
“It’s hard to tell. Often our conversations are work-related – they don’t really reach a personal level – but he makes me feel important. Like he actually cares about what I say. And if you knew how mundane a person I actually was, and how self-centred William is, that’s a high compliment. Makes me think that, yeah, there is something mutual between us.”
Xavier was seated again now, tense and red in the face. “Yes, ma’am.” he muttered.
“Where you going, Johnny?” asked James with a frown. “It’s barely nine.”
“I’m sorry…” John murmured awkwardly, gesturing half-heartedly behind him. “For all this. I was just—”
“It’s no worries, John. Just understand that if there is anything wrong, you can come talk to me, okay? Is there anything else before I dismiss you?”
The four of them, followed by one other cameraman and a crew member holding a microphone, made the trek upstairs. John leaned heavily on his cane, despite Sherlock’s reassurances that ‘he didn’t need it’, and looked positively nervous at the circumstances.
“I’d very much like to indulge in a morning kiss without vomit-breath, if that suits you.” As John spoke, a sink appeared by the sofa, equipped with two toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste. “Boy, I love this room.”
Carefully, Sherlock treaded around the divider concealing the intruder. He was close, so close, and then suddenly there was a debilitating pressure on his throat and Sherlock’s broken yells for John did nothing to appease the pain. He clawed desperately at the cloth constraining him, but his breaths only became shorter and shorter and shorter.
For the first time in his life, Sherlock was scared for his soulmate.
After a three month rehab program funded by none other than Mycroft, and a following six month ban on both the Barts’ labs and his own personal experiments, Sherlock was bored witless.
Sherlock stared. “That’s quite dull. I thought you were going to ask about the drugs.”
“I’m sorry?”
It was so nice. Sitting there, across from Sherlock. Nobody else mattered in that moment. Just the two of them against the rest of the world.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, hands in his coat. “Last time I checked, yes. Is she ready to go?”
Sherlock grinned amusedly. “Of course.”
John hummed. “Yeah, I suppose. I just… I don’t really know why it began in the first place, y’know? It hasn’t really been too bad, but ever since I started hanging out with Sherlock, it’s like I’ve turned into this completely different person. They don’t even want to associate with me anymore. And they don’t even
Oh boy. Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy.
“Not likely,” he muttered in response, taking a sip.
“Yeah...”
This was something Sherlock needed to get off his chest. John, despite their unlikely meeting on a chatroom, had become the most important person in his life. He was the person Sherlock thought about when excited, when disappointed, when bored. He respected John’s opinion unlike any other. He was, after all, an intelligent and level man, with an understanding of people and communication that Sherlock would never be able to grasp.
John Watson.
“John?” spoke Max gently, zooming the camera slightly onto his face.
Sherlock shook his head softly. “That’s a new one, actually.”
"We're always up for a challenge." quipped Max, Nev nodding in agreement.
John shifted on the spot. “What the
, you shouldn’t have doubted yourself and
John’s eyes widened. How on earth did she know? One glance behind him and he knew the others were thinking the same. And apparently, the woman had only just noticed the cameras. “Dear me, this a surprise.” she laughed, dusting her hands against her apron. “Sherlock won’t be happy with all the attention.”
Nev exchanged a nervous glance with Max before reaching to get his laptop. “Yes, actually. It took us a while at first, but we eventually found a huge chunk of information.”
Morphing his frown into a smile, John shook his head forcefully. “Not at all, sir. I’ll get right to it.”
couldn’t vomit, someone in the world – his soulmate – was experiencing this agony firsthand.
Sherlock stared at John, donning an expression John was sure embellished his own.
Max and Nev waited patiently behind him, the former holding a camera in steady hands. A few more moments passed before John finally found the courage to knock. Three firm knocks followed by an eerie silence. John wanted to faint. He was horribly aware of the sound of footsteps on the other side of the door, and held his breath. The door opened and John started.
John frowned, albeit waited patiently.
John started at the sensation. “
“Mr Watson! Mr Rogers! My office
him. Now I suggest you leave the premises right now. You’re scaring the children.”
"A bit of a dump," commented Max with a laugh as they entered, running a hand over the chipping walls. "But central London is not cheap."
“Yeah…” trailed John. “I thought about a few things.”
If Sherlock’s ears had burned red at the compliment, John opted to remain silent.
“If something is wrong, please don’t hesitate in letting me know. I don’t bite.” Professor Sprout offered him a warm, motherly smile, and John attempted a small grin in return.
The two sat opposite, a companionable but slightly tense silence between them. In an effort to avoid talking about what had occurred a few nights ago, they simply continued to drink, half a bottle down much quicker than either had anticipated.
He entered hesitantly, poking his head around the corner.
“Are you alright? Honestly, I should’ve stepped in sooner, but I didn’t know if they were actually going to do anything and well, I don’t know… Are you alright?”
John sputtered on his tea. “Sherlock!” he scolded. “I know that’s what he’s asking, but,” his voice fell to a whisper. “This isn’t usually something you talk about on television.”
Slowly, carefully, with his eyes locked on Sherlock’s – as though to gauge his reaction – John moved forward. His arms came to softly circle Sherlock, pulling the detective to his chest. Sherlock was tense. His arms were limp by his side and his breathing had momentarily paused. But as the seconds passed, he gradually relaxed into the embrace and clutched the fabric of John’s shirt between his fingers.
Narrowing his eyes in amusement, John snorted. "You know MTV? You?"
“How’s it going, John?” greeted Nev enthusiastically. “You’re looking great, buddy.”
“Professor Snape is making me stay behind for a few lunches this week to prepare some potions. They’re really interesting, John. Did you know Veritaserum isn’t always accurate due to how the user perceives the ‘truth’?”
“Not even one phone call?” Max explored, eyebrows furrowed. He clearly wasn’t convinced. And rightfully so, it appeared, as Sherlock’s gaze flickered downward in avoidance.
John recognised the speaker as Sally Donovan. He had known she was a tough one – she was often confused for a Gryffindor, after all – but hadn’t pinned her as a bully.
“Go get it yourself, Sherlock. I’m busy!”
“Of course you do, you nerd.” John winked, splaying out on his armchair and smiling at Sherlock fondly. “My favourite nerd.”
“Are you leaving?” continued Sherlock. He spoke steadily, but his insides were stirring. He wasn’t quite sure he wanted to know the answer.
The man was staring directly at him.
Nev did as told and upon finding the phone number, dialled it into his mobile phone. He looked at the cameras nervously as the phone rang. “What should I say?” he whispered to Max.
He could get used to this. Boy, could he get used to this.
Concern had been gradually growing on Sprout’s features as John spoke, but at the last statement, her expression morphed into one of confusion. “I’m sorry, John, but what does Mr Holmes have to do with all this?”
John's head whipped around, and could see that Sherlock was, like usual, quite right. A smile so wide it bordered disturbing donned Nev’s face, Max had never appeared so invested, and even those behind them seemed to be bursting with comments to make.
And then the man was laughing again. At him. At Sherlock, bundled awkwardly on the floor in a desperate attempt to clean his mess of popcorn.
He knocked on the door to Snape’s office, nerves coiling in his stomach.
So he remained silent and simply continued on with his potion, shooting Sherlock concerned glances every few moments. If Mike had noticed anything, he didn’t speak up. The two finished in good time, and John proceeded to clean their workspace as Mike wrote their names on the vial and took it up for perusal.
“Of course, you.”
“Sherlock?” John prompted gently. The two were seated across from each other on two differing armchairs, and the cameras were quick to pick up on the fact that their feet were touching across the distance.
Fear of denial? Fear of change?
“Why does my knee hurt?” he questioned bluntly, hiking up his tailored shorts to show her the unmarred leg.
“Sounds good to me. It’ll have to be after 4:00pm, though. I have an appointment with my therapist.”
“Yeah… Hufflepuff are holding an after party to celebrate.”
“Who was the first?”
The kiss was hesitant, tender, filled to brim with curiosity, and John unwillingly found himself grinning against Sherlock lips. He allowed himself to savour the sensation of being this close – this intimate – and made sure to catalogue every detail. The feeling of stubble against his cheek, his nose squished against Sherlock’s, and the way Sherlock lips seemed to linger everywhere they touched.
Sherlock quirked a brow. “Sorry?”
Unconsciousness sounded more appealing by the minute.
Lestrade, despite the underlying awkwardness of the situation, moved to inspect Sherlock’s shoulder. He unbuttoned the first two buttons of his shirt, sliding the fabric out the way to gauge a better look.
. Leaning forward, John felt himself about to slip from the chair, and hurriedly moved to stabilise himself using Sherlock’s knee.
Molly looked in deep thought, contemplating. “Have you toyed with the possibility of this not being about sexuality?”
Sherlock picked himself up from the floor and shook his head, meeting the man’s gaze. Both their eyes sparkled with humour, and at the mere situation, Sherlock found himself laughing along. His deep baritone weaved perfectly with the other man’s soft chime.
Perhaps the only dismaying aspect of their newly developed romance was the incessant need to hide.
language. I was quite confused at first, but now I think I know exactly what’s going on here.”
John pushed back his chair hurriedly, standing to chase after his best friend. “Sherlock, wait!”
Sherlock took a slight breath. “Well,” he began. “It’s obvious you all suspected me when you first showed up at the door. John, after you looked at my face, your eyes immediately went down to my hands, presumably to gauge if they were shaking. You’re a medical man – you’d be able to tell within a few moments if you suspected I was high. Thankfully, for everyone, we both know I’m not.”
“Nothing.” Nev sighed, pulling at his hair slightly. “This is going to be even harder than I anticipated.”
, John Watson, the bravest and kindest and wisest human being that I have ever had the good fortune of knowing, was bound to me?”
Fingers buried deep in Sherlock’s curls, and Sherlock’s hands currently braced against his shoulders, John took the liberty of deepening the kiss, hesitantly probing Sherlock’s lips with his tongue. He was rewarded with Sherlock’s enthusiastic compliance, and John squeaked in shock at the sudden sensation of their tongues intertwining.
"Yep. Brilliant. Extraordinary. Arrogant. And infuriatingly attractive."
Three weeks into classes was when the rumour began. John wasn’t certain where, and how, it began, but as soon as it was out in the open, the whole school was immediately on board.
“No time for questions, John. It’s amazing, you’ll see!”
“I’m not ever drinking again.” John mumbled, allowing his body to sink against Sherlock’s behind him.
“What the bloody hell was that all about?” scowled James. “Cedric’s our champion, not that cheating git!”
“I mean, if that’s true, then fair enough. Being a drug addict isn’t exactly a dude magnet.”
?” sputtered John, looking up with fierce eyes. “Sorry, Professor, but this so called ‘joking around’ has been happening for weeks, and I’m struggling to see where the humour is.”
Sherlock soon found that living was
Military man, then. Sherlock would deny reddening any more at the thought.
She nods and grabs her phone again. John’s eyes widen in understanding.
, yes.”
“You jealous, Rogers?”
Licking his lips nervously, the laptop on John’s lap fidgeted. “Quite… well, I’d say. It’s difficult sometimes, though, to know exactly what Sherlock’s thinking.”
It was safe to say that Potions was much different now. It had become a kind of common knowledge that John Watson was now friends with the squib apprentice, so the two didn’t hesitate in talking during class. Sherlock’s helpful hints had also increased phenomenally, the two of them bashfully ignoring Snape’s raised brows at their continuous interaction during class time. Mike, on the other hand, didn’t seem at all surprised by the change. Rather, he often joined in on their conversations and regarded them with an eerily knowing smile. John had no clue what that was all about.
John sighed, putting his quill down. “
“Hey there.” he grinned, smiling up at Sherlock. “Bit of drama for your first appearance here, aye?”
The teacher raises an eyebrow, prompting John’s explanation.
Stepping back as though scalded, Sherlock blinked at John confusedly. “You hit someone? James?”
John shook his head, willing his eyes to remain dry for the time being. “No, ma’am.”
John wasn’t quite sure about that. So far, the boy seemed more than adept at Potions, and made them with an almost Snape-like efficiency. What was even more inspiring, perhaps, was the multiple compliments John had heard Snape address Sherlock with. Not even the Slytherins were subject to such acclaim. Even if Sherlock couldn’t do magic, he clearly made up for it with his skill in other areas, and for that, he retained John’s respect.
And if telling John a secret he’d kept to himself for years would do anything to threaten his presence in Sherlock’s life, Sherlock was desperate to keep it to himself.
There you have it! Let me know your thoughts in the comments! I might post a sequel some time in the future too ;)
"Since you guys only text, have you ever actually seen a picture of William?" Nev questioned, glancing at Max quickly. The situation already seemed fruitless, and he feared what else was to come.
“Mr Watson. Sit back down.” Snape sneered. “You’re still serving detention in case it… slipped your mind.”
His therapist had suggested a blog – to write about everything that happened to him. It was a shame, really, because it was a good idea in theory. But nothing happened to John. And a part of him doubted anything ever would.
“John seems like such a genuine guy, too. I don’t want him to get hurt but… that’s kind of the premise of this show.”
“Oh.”
“Well...” started Michael, having the audacity to look as though his next words were justifiable. “We just figured, y’know, if you were a fag, that we should have the right to know. I don’t know, to move the beds or something.”
John’s hands shifted and twisted by his side. “Did you want me to leave?”
“If you say so, Holmes. Watson: go to class.”
John felt sick. This was hopeless.
Well, up until the beginning of October. That was when things began to change.
He did, mere minutes later, and his arms were empty. When he noticed Sherlock staring at him from the sofa, he froze.
“I don’t know,” Mike shrugged. “Get a flat share or something?”
"I must inform you, however, that the crew behind you look as though they are about burst."
John grinned.
The movie was nearly over. It had to have been. Hours had passed and it seemed as though the main complication of the film had already been resolved. Sherlock’s legs bounced restlessly. He had yet to find the source of the giggles and time was running thin. He did another thorough scan of the theatre, mentally prompting a laugh from every audience member. But nobody laughed.
Bursting out into another fit of laughter, John reached behind him for a cane Sherlock hadn’t noticed previously.
With this unfortunate wake up call and a lack of coherent conversation the night prior, John was unsure of where their relationship stood, but apparently, he wasn’t to be concerned. Sherlock had awoken soon after, eyes bleary but concerned, and had immediately stood to fetch some water and rub John’s back. No words were spoken between them, but the silence was companionable, and John understood that Sherlock was likely feeling as crook as he was.
“Sorry?”
John felt his hand twitch uncomfortably and he closed his fist to stop it shaking.
“I’m not quite sure your soulmate would appreciate that, Molly.”
“I think I’d like that very much.”
John nodded. “Yeah, of course I’ll be ‘right. On that note, er… I can’t really stay after curfew anymore, either.” He paused, flushing pink. “Sprout figured out I was coming back to the dorms late.”
The fourth year looked up, eyes glowing with pride at the chance to be helpful. “Um, I, er… Suppose you could apologise, first. The calm before the storm,” she giggled then, an awkward, high pitched sort of laugh. “And then maybe, give them an ultimatum.”
going to meet them. This time, they were just going to show up. The two weren’t really quite sure what influenced this decision. Whether it was because they felt Sherlock was dangerous, would see right through them, or wouldn’t want to meet John at all, their minds had been made up nonetheless. Nev was starting to regret this decision as their cab reached 221B Baker Street however, and could feel the nerves stirring in his stomach. What if Sherlock was high? What if he wasn’t who they expected? What if he wasn’t even home?
Consensus was, it
“Why, how old are you?”
“You think I’m taking that risk? A shady looking guy, wandering around a primary school, claiming to be a girl’s father when everyone here knows you’re not... If you don’t leave right now, I’m calling the police.”
Max breathed deeply in contemplation. “I don’t know why but… something about this whole scenario makes me a little scared to text him. I bet he’d be onto us in a second.”
Xavier was standing now, as though he was eager to expose John’s ‘corruptness.’ “Because he’s been off every night with that apprentice! Coming in after curfew, wearing
“So, John… Yesterday, Max and I did a bit of research on William after we left.”
“I don’t know the nature of Mr Watson and Mr Holmes relationship, and nor, quite frankly, do I care to know. But Hufflepuff is a house of loyalty and fairness, and the kind of behaviour you boys have been directing at John is far from both. It’s blatant discrimination and I am ashamed to see it among my students. Mr Rogers, is it true that the other Hufflepuff boys have moved their beds?”
John cracked a grin. “That was your genius plan? To disguise me as you so I don’t get caught after curfew?”
John grinned widely.
And it broke John’s heart.
Nev moved to sit by their hotel room desk and opened his laptop, Max moving behind to video the screen. The camera crew stood at a distance, capturing their interactions. “We have his picture,” began Nev, “so let’s start with putting that in the search.”
Michael laughed loudly, a sound akin to a snort escaping his lips. "Twat? I think fairy is a bit more accurate, innit?"
fine. I don’t care what you did, what you took, where you lived. None of that matters to me. None of it. You
Nobody except one.
‘I’m getting slack.’
And John watched, eyes wide and laced with confusion, as Sherlock’s hand moved back, as fast as lightning, towards his own face.
John never really understood why he’d asked. Perhaps it was out of boredom, or perhaps it was a final glint of hope. Nonetheless, within ten minutes he was walking with Mike Stamford (and that dreaded cane) back to Barts, which he hadn’t visited since before Afghanistan. The smug grin on Mike’s face did little to appease his doubts, and he vaguely wondered who the person was to provoke such an expression.
“That’s all you took from that?” whispered Max loudly, rubbing a hand over his mouth in loss of words. Nev shot him a look that clearly read, ‘shut up’.
“Are you encouraging me to get piss drunk so that I’ll spill all my secrets?” John raised an eyebrow, attempting to wiggle it and failing miserably.
“You could play Quidditch if you wanted, right? It’s just a flying broomstick – no spells needed.”
The boy stepped forward, arms locked behind his back. He held himself with an air of dignity and his posh voice resonated throughout the room. “The name is Sherlock Holmes. I… look forward to any future correspondence.”
With that, John was following Sherlock through the rioting crowds and out of the Great Hall, bashfully ignoring the looks his housemates were casting him. Possessing much shorter legs than Sherlock, John struggled to keep up, maintaining an awkward hop-step kind of stroll. “Where are we going?”
“What do you mean?”
One more chapter to go! Hope you enjoyed the cliffhanger. Let me know your thoughts in the comments.
John’s tea had long gone cold and he seated it beside him.
“We don’t need his filthy kind around here. Dumbledore’s off his head.”
“I was high approximately 90% of the time we were talking for that first two months. Living on the street, sometimes, when my landlords became tired. If we called, who knew what kind of… nonsense talk you’d be exposed to? I didn’t want you to see me in that state. Even more distasteful and intolerable than usual. I was, quite frankly, nauseating. Could you imagine if we had met then? “Oh yeah, John, come visit me in the opium den. We can have a nice cuppa laced with ketamine while we sit on the bloodstained blanket known as my bed.”” Sherlock mocked, clearly becoming more emotional the longer he talked.
"You too. So, you're currently living in London I presume, and were recently sent back home from military service?"
With a wink, Sherlock Holmes departed, leaving John a gaping mess in the middle of the lab.
But John wasn't quite sure. Scanning the head table, John could only pinpoint a few new faces, and none of them seemed young enough to be starting an apprenticeship. As the night gradually came to an end, it was concluded that no, Dumbledore was not introducing a new apprentice, and John briefly wondered if they ever existed at all. Rumours and gossip spread fast at Hogwarts, and this piece of information seemed to be no exception.
Max stared back, mouth hanging open in an incredulous smile. “I mean…” he started. “I doubt this is what John had in mind when William said ‘chemist.’”
John blinked a few times to process her words.
Moments passed. Carefully, Sherlock’s foot slid forward to nudge against John’s. They continued to stare.
He shrugged nonchalantly. “Dunno.” he muttered.
Sherlock smiled, the sentiment only reaching his lips. “And I prefer to text.”
“Right.”
Sherlock’s eyes remained on his microscope, disinterested. “Hm? Me? Oh, no. My soulmate is rather… careful.”
“That I’m a squib, I mean. The rumours are true, in case you hadn’t noticed.” Sherlock held himself with shame, as though he was anticipating a rejection at the newly revealed not-so-secret.
John appeared bashful. “Sorry.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but there was a sort of fondness behind it. “Obviously, John. I’m a squib, not a muggle off the street. But what makes Harry Potter’s name different from the others in this case?”
Max came to stand besides Nev so he could capture the screen. Skype began to ring, awaiting John's response. A few seconds passed before the call was finally answered, a broad, blonde man seated on the other side of the screen. He smiled.
Sherlock jumped –
John diverted his gaze to the floor, flustered. “Well, often they might, er, pursue a romantic relationship. Become boyfriends, perhaps.”
to do with me.” His hands flailed, gesturing erratically at nothing in particular.
Cameras followed Nev and Max as they made their way through airport security and onto their flight, a few cheeky shots capturing a snoring Nev as the plane drifted over the Atlantic.
Mike pushed open the door and John followed in tow, oblivious that this very meeting would put things in completely different perspective.
“Yeah,” came Mike’s voice. “He’s always like that.”
me, Will.” John’s tone was fond, and Sherlock’s eyes softened at his use of the nickname. Nobody else called him William. No one but John. “The conversations we had… your brilliance, your humour, your haughtiness… They saved me from things that I don’t even like to acknowledge. We can brush aside the fact that we barely exchanged photos. We can brush aside the fact that we never talked and that we didn’t know each other’s full name. Because thanks to all this,” John gestured downstairs, where the Catfish crew were most likely waiting with knuckle-biting anticipation, “I got to meet you in the end, anyway. And it was anything
Disbelief seemed to shroud John’s expression, but a tinge of hope sparked in the quirking of his lips. He was excited.
Sherlock stared. “You don’t live there, it’s not your home.”
John could barely believe it was already his fifth year. Some of the people he felt like he'd met just yesterday, and though he did know many spells, there was still a lifetime's worth to be discovered. He watched jovially as the first years came flooding in, stumbling over one another as they stared at the roof in awe. The sorting was always a highlight, he thought. The raw happiness on the kids' faces as their house was called warmed something in his heart, and everyone, if you disregard Harry Potter, was usually met with utmost enthusiasm from their house members. John looked over towards the Gryffindor curiously, unsurprised to see the fourth-year golden boy being hounded with attention.
“Problem?”
John remained silent, gaze locked on his tattered and hopelessly uninteresting shoes. Speaking wouldn’t help him in this scenario. Sure, he had acted in retaliation, but retaliation from what? Being called a ‘fag’? The word itself brought bile to the back of John’s throat and he fruitlessly tried to redirect his thoughts.
His rehabilitation and abstention had been one of the hardest experiences of Sherlock’s life, so when he was finally allowed to return to his usual experiments and crime solving, Sherlock was on cloud nine.
He himself was in Hufflepuff. And it was amazing, really. He had a few mates in his house who he got along quite well with, the common room was always warm, and Professor Sprout was one of the more lenient head of houses. A study group had also been organized to accommodate students and there were a few girls he thought he might fancy taking to the newly announced Yule Ball.
Sherlock blinked. “Oh. Well then… Thank you for your apology, John.”
Max focused his lens on the screen. Specifically, on the description of the search result Nev seemed to be enticed by. It read:
The teacher watches as they walk off, cheeks still lingering red. Ashamed that she would first assume a man a criminal than married to another man.
His parents hadn’t bothered to tell him the meaning behind the script on his left arm. His father was missing half the time and his mother had simply warned him ‘not to fucking bother.’ Looking back, they hadn’t been the best.
“I said
Gossip was still going crazy about Harry Potter, and John was vaguely aware that many of the students had even gone so far as to wear ‘Potter Stinks’ and ‘Support Cedric Diggory’ badges in spite. It seemed that with his absorption in Sherlock, John had avoided a large phase of the school year and with that, his connection with his housemates. John had expressed this to Sherlock during one of their (now daily) meet ups in the Room of Requirement.
“Another what?” laughed Max.
But tomorrow always came, and Sherlock never told. It was excruciating. Perhaps it was the fact that John was already such an important part of Sherlock’s life which made it so difficult. They had saved each other’s lives multiple times, they bounced ideas off each other, they lived together. Heck, Sherlock was fairly certain they had even cooked together once or twice.
“Good… I’m glad. Cedric could you escort him back to his dormitory, please? And Mr Watson...”
“Mm, I can recall a few occasions, yes.” Sherlock grinned, dopey. His feet moved to meet John’s, entwining somewhere in the middle.
And with that, before John could even utter a word, Sherlock had grasped John’s hand tightly and was dragging him back towards the castle. Their legs moved quickly up the stairs, ignoring the few passersby who gave them odd looks. “Sherlock,” John puffed, “where on earth are we going?”
Sherlock had never been a coward. Had always faced things with a strong posture and a popped collar. But the prospect of confronting John scared Sherlock. Scared the life out of him. He’d told himself repeatedly:
"Christ, all the way here? I mean, yeah, that would be great. If you're up for it."
“Not hard to tell, considering you have a pen protruding from your left pocket and your robes are donning a magical family crest which reads your father’s surname. Your father’s obviously not a muggle, then, but why else would you have a muggle pen? Simple – you mother’s a muggle and you’re a half-blood. Not rocket science, Roger.” Sherlock offered the group an awkward half-smile that more closely resembled a grimace, and that was as far as the verbal exchange went. Suddenly, Sally Donovan was shoving Sherlock’s papers and books off the bench in a huff whilst the Ravenclaw boy, Roger, grabbed Sherlock by the robes and landed a punch directly by his left cheek.
And he watched John like a hawk. To see if maybe, he’d spill hot tea over his hands, or knock his toe against the coffee table, or trip over his own feet. But John Watson was a very careful man. The only injuries Sherlock ever felt were when John wasn’t around.
“We’ve been trying to talk to you for ages, John. We never get a chance, mate.” interrupted James, seeing where this was going. “Yes, we’re sorry for interrupting you like this – it’s rude – but when else can we ask you?”
Sherlock glanced around the room for a few moments, eyes narrowed. “Why is it that everyone’s so surprised? His name was called out like everyone else’s.”
So when the first task of the Triwizard Tournament eventually rolled around, it was safe to say that John was a little less than enthused than the other students. He watched, of course, and cheered for Cedric. He had a little house pride, after all. But it just wasn’t the same with that constant guilty conscience weighing him down. His year level housemates had all ditched him for the time being, John didn’t have many friends in the other houses, and Sherlock was nowhere to be found. He was lonelier than ever. By the time all the Hufflepuff’s were heading back to the common room to celebrate Cedric’s success, John had had enough. He stayed for a short time to briefly congratulate Cedric, but excluding that, he made an effort to avoid everyone else. A majority of the seventh years (and a few of the sixth years) had made sure to bring an abundance of Firewhisky to share, meaning that John had no qualms in stashing some away in his satchel before ditching the after party.
in excitement, hurrying towards the door. “Quickly now, no one can see us!”
Perhaps he’d become a little
Nobody could believe their ears. Harry Potter, chosen as champion? Cedric had already been selected for Hogwarts, and rightfully so. The Great Hall was in absolute uproar, including the commonly calm Dumbledore, and the students watched with raised brows as the staff raced to follow Harry into a room separate from the remaining students.
Slowly inching forward to close the distance between them, John realised with a start that this was finally happening.
They heard the crack before they saw it.
” sputtered John, fist clenching by his side. “How is it unfaithful? I haven’t even
John’s grip on his cane tightened instinctively. “Is that it? We’ve only just met and we’re going to go look at a flat?”
Soon, they were topping up their drinks again, and John wasn’t quite certain of when they’d gotten around to opening the second bottle.
“Right. Well, in that case, you two,” John assumed she was gesturing to Michael and James, “are dismissed. And as for you John, just stay here a moment longer.”
“You’re my best friend.” he had spoken quietly into the silence. It was a random thought, but, John concluded with clarity, a very true one.
And then Mycroft was back – this time with company. Detective Inspector Lestrade, Mycroft had introduced him as. He was giving Sherlock a case.
Sherlock surveyed him closely, disregarding the employee. He’d been injured at war – that much was obvious. But was the cane really necessary? Sherlock thinned his lips.
Soon enough, John began skipping lunch and bringing food down from the kitchens so he and Sherlock could spend more time together.
“Oh, right. Then yeah, definitely. Haven’t trusted him from the beginning.”
“Sherlock!” John laughed. “You’re not Pinocchio.”
John nodded along and licked his lips anxiously, wondering where this was going.
John glanced him over again, and thought back to the drugs. He gestured to his cane. “Me neither.”
“First, when we typed up
But John had already lost interest, shoulders immediately deflating at her words.
"Of course, I completely understand. And then you've got William... tell us a little about him."
It was a peculiar laugh.
The pain the two had suffered over the years had become something to be shared. They no longer had to bear the burden alone.
He considered leaving. And he was about to, really. But then a bout of laughter erupted from somewhere further down in the cinema and Sherlock’s attention was diverted elsewhere.
The room fell silent.
But there wasn’t all the time in the world. They both knew that.
“I don’t mind.” John eventually whispered.
"Well, um, that’s's quite… thank you."
“Oh?”
again had many results, but Nev and Max took a few minutes to sift through the names and try and find anyone who matched John’s description.
The woman ushers the other waiting children inside and tells them to sit quietly. She turns back to Sherlock. Her eyes are fierce. “I have no idea who you are, but I’ve met Rosie’s father on multiple occasions and you are certainly
Sherlock was five years old when he first learnt of the soulmates. He’d been studying the different types of biota in their back garden when he felt it. A sharp yet dull pain on the cap of his right knee. He looked down curiously. There was no blood, but Sherlock felt as though he was bleeding, and had ran immediately to his Mummy who was reading a large book on the kitchen stool.
John's ears went red, face blotchy on the pixelated screen. "Exactly."
“Me neither.”
“Oi, Sherly! Heard you were having trouble with some charms recently.”
The woman realises he doesn’t plan on going anywhere, and pulls her mobile from her jacket pocket. “You leave me no choice.” She sighs.
“Not ready yet? Do you think that could be nerves speaking?”
Of course Sherlock had known it was him. John hadn’t expected anything less. And when the two of them walked off to Sherlock’s favourite Chinese place half an hour later, John was happy. He cracked another smile and quietly thanked Sherlock. If Sherlock knew why, he never said anything.
“Molly… You are a genius.”
“Maybe,” Nev spoke, “There are a few names in these comments we might be able to contact, too. They seem to know this Sherlock guy. Look here. Someone named G. Lestrade writes,
His soulmate, of course, was the obvious thing. He was a thirty one year old man who had never knowingly met his soulmate, and things were beginning to look grim. John looked down at the cane resting beside his bed, then the tremor in his left hand. A cripple. Even if by chance he
“That
John knew it was all okay. But it really wasn’t.
John sat up, stunned. “I’m sorry? Hi?”
“So, he has the password? He can just come in here… whenever he likes?”
“Oh, no. That stuff’s all rubbish. Doesn’t mean I can’t appreciate the beauty of it, though.” With that, his head turned to face John, lips tilting in mirth.
Discomfort drowned them. John’s eyes were wide and frantic. Like there was something on his mind that he couldn’t quite acknowledge. “
“Aye, too bad, Johnny!” jeered one boy from his year, Xavier, giving him a harsh slap on the shoulder. Michael sniggered beside him, and James looked as though he was tempted to join in. John kept his gaze firmly locked on the floor.
“I’ll be here every other time of the day, basically. Just not after curfew.”
John looked up from his newspaper, confused. “Pardon?”
“You. You’re my best friend.”
Which is practically what he did over the next two weeks. At every opportunity given, which included after classes, lunchtimes and weekends, Sherlock and John would meet either in the Room of Requirement or beneath a tree by the Black Lake, wrapped in each other’s arms and hidden from speculating eyes. Sometimes they simply talked, about their childhoods, their interests and people they knew. Often, John would ask Sherlock to deduce those around them, watching with enraptured eyes as Sherlock unravelled life stories and secrets with a simple glance. And other times, which had become a personal favourite of John’s, they simply kissed for what seemed to be hours on end. The kisses were slow and languid some days, fervent and zealous the next. John favoured them both equally, simply content to be secured in Sherlock’s embrace.
“Before, y’know, we continue with anything, Max and I would just like to—”
happen (his soulmate might just have an overactive imagination) – but he made sure to be on guard at all times. He was cautious out in the fields, he was cautious when taking care of fellow soldiers and he was even cautious when he lay in his bunk at night.
he had shot the cab driver. It might have just been his soldier sense of justice. Or maybe it was because he felt indebted to Sherlock – he had cured his limp and paid for dinner, after all. But really, perhaps it was because John was greedy. He wanted more of Sherlock. Wanted to witness more of his deductions. Wanted to go racing through the streets of London with the wind in his face and a killer on the loose. And if Sherlock had died in that moment, what then?
Thanks for reading the chapter and please, leave a comment!
“Just a tad.” Sherlock quirked a small smile. “Professor Snape made me attend.”
“Sherlock.” whispered John. He gently ran his thumb over Sherlock’s hand to gain his attention and smiled softly as their eyes met. “It’s fine. It’s
“Gift from god?”
John nodded, eager, and laughed at Molly’s expression. “I think that could work, yeah.”
John’s grip on his pen tightened instinctively. Sherlock, who was similarly packing away his things, had been cornered, two Ravenclaws and one Hufflepuff boy lanking each side. John wasn’t quite certain if they realised he was still there.
“Sorry, sir.” John swallowed thickly. “What would you like me to do, Professor?”
“Yeah, of course. Thanks, Molly.”
“Consulting detective, I think. Sounds pretty uncommon, so if it
Because three days later, when the withdrawal symptoms had stopped completely, John stopped experiencing any pain. At all. Weeks passed, and there were no more occasional jabs on his hands and wrists. John should have been relieved. After all, here was a sign that his soulmate was no longer abusing substances. But the lack of pain was odd – eerie, even – and it left John with a human sized hole in his heart.
“So…” Sprout paused, as though she was trying desperately to understand the situation. “You just felt like it?”
“You know, last time I checked, you have to be in a relationship first for it to count as cheating.”
The music was, in simple terms, beautiful. John watched with wide, enraptured eyes as Sherlock effortlessly handled the fragile instrument, seemingly unaware of John’s presence. It was a sight to behold, indeed. Carefully, John made his way to his usual armchair, collapsing onto it soundlessly and closing his eyes. He might have fallen asleep within a few minutes, too, if all of a sudden, the music hadn’t come to a complete halt.
Rosie shakes her head, bottom lip jutting out. Sherlock tuts. “How about we do a little experiment when we get home, then?”
“What?! The Killing Curse?”
me. Like some
"Right, well, um... I started talking to Will around a year ago when I was still serving. We took down each other's numbers and just text now, because it's easier. Despite that, I... really like him. He's witty, intelligent, a bit of a drama queen. But—"
"We sent each other a picture of ourselves for a contact photo, but that's about it."
Revelations had been made on Sherlock’s behalf, and they would be difficult to overcome.
Molly squeaked and ducked her head, ears burning red. “Well, I wouldn’t go that far...”
A silence overcame them for a few moments at that, as though Sherlock needed a minute to collect himself. John busied himself by tidying the papers which Sally had so unkindly pushed from the bench.
Neither could speak.
Thankfully, he made it back to the Hufflepuff common room without incident that night, Sherlock’s coat still wrapped snugly around his shoulders. And if he happened to fall asleep with it still by his side, well… Sherlock didn’t have to know.
“Molly.” interrupted John, voice terse.
who you claimed to be.”
Snape hadn’t yet caught them snogging, but John wasn’t willing to take too many chances.
Nev dragged the photo of William, a man with sharp cheekbones and espresso brown curls, into Google search. The results returned empty.
For the first time in weeks, he cracked a genuine smile.
Despite these precautions, nothing could have prevented him from running out to save a fallen comrade in the midst of a raid.
John felt his ears burn in humiliation. “Why, thank you.”
John sputtered, whilst Nev and Max seemed to be quite frightened by the fact that Sherlock knew they knew.
Sherlock made the effort from then on to sprint as fast as he could away from his tormentors. He ignored the upturn of his lips which accompanied his face when he did so.
And so, when the official announcement of the Yule Ball finally rolled around in mid-December, it was safe to say John had mixed feelings.
“You owe us, hey John. But sleep well, mate.” spoke Michael, giving him a friendly slap on the calf as he walked off.
A shred of hope continued to linger – one that had been there the moment the two had met. John despised it. It left a sickening twist in his stomach, every time he considered: ‘what if?’
“The rumours… they, er, aren’t completely unwarranted.”
Snape harrumphed nonchalantly, rolling his eyes and redirecting his gaze back to the pile of essays on his desk. Making his way over awkwardly in an attempt to appear inconspicuous, Sherlock’s head peaked over to study what John was writing, eyes widening in disbelief.
Max spoke up. “Tell us what’s happened since we last saw each other. You still in touch with Sherlock?”
Briefly, Sherlock considered the fact that this laugh could be sounding from a thirteen year old boy, but promptly quelled the thought. It was nonsense. This was certainly the laugh of a
"Sounds good to me."
“Heh, silly. Here,” Sherlock leaned forward to forcefully grab John’s glass from his hand, pouring him another drink of Firewhisky which dribbled over the edges.
John shrugged helplessly. “Not that I know of. We only text and when I tried looking up his full name on the internet, there were tons of results but… none of them were him.”
John diverted his gaze. He was equally as confused as the rest, but didn’t fancy laying all the blame on Potter. He seemed to be the most shocked of them all – almost as though he didn’t want to enter the tournament or had never entered to begin with. Looking around, John’s eyes immediately fell to a figure by the head table who appeared to be staring right at him. Squinting his eyes, John’s face erupted with joy upon realisation. He slipped out of his seat hurriedly, ignoring Michael’s cries of protest.
“Excuse me?”
When Mike Stamford stopped him in the park, John really couldn’t think of anything worse than sitting down for a chat. His leg ached, his hand tingled, and he’d just come from another pointless therapy session. He would’ve kept walking, really, if Mike hadn’t been so persistent.
The curious faces of many children peek out from behind the blinds. Sherlock tries to see if he can catch Rosie but she’s nowhere to be seen.
John held up a hand, and couldn’t help the sarcasm from escaping. “Sorry Xavier, care to remind me what a
The movie had looked terrible. Sherlock had seen billboards advertising it around every corner. But he had been in the centre of London after a particularly boring case earlier that day, and in that spur of desperation for something new, Sherlock had seen the cinema and gone straight in. In reality, all the movies had looked equally terrible, but the comedy he’d chosen had been the most popular. Surely popular opinion couldn’t be
John could only hear bits and pieces of the conversation with the two speaking in such hushed voices, but knew nonetheless that all the blame was going to be placed on him. Beside him sat James and Michael, the latter with a recently healed and cleaned nose, and the three purposely avoided all eye contact with one another.
“By that I mean for at least the rest of the year.”
began to have any meaning whatsoever. He’d watch with scornful eyes as girls and boys would sit in circles, taking turns slapping their legs to see if any others would share their pain. Sherlock thought they were fools. Harming themselves in search for something that would give them nothing.
Max looked doubtful. “Nev, John has barely even seen a photo of this guy. Clearly he’s a public figure. It would take, what? Three minutes to get all the information we just did and make a fake profile out if it. Maybe this person knows John personally, knows what he likes, and is trying to lure him. We don’t know.”
Sherlock smiled, enthralled by John’s bashfulness. “Boyfriends, hm? There’s a term I could get used to.”
“I’m her father, too.” He explains slowly. He reaches out to take Sherlock’s hand. “We’re married?”
“You could have told me, you know.”
a real job, the results will be easy to sort through.”
He couldn’t believe the audacity. “We don’t know a thing about each other. I don’t know where we’re meeting, I don’t even know your name.”
Director of photography/co-host
John had always known about soulmates. He’d learnt about them at some point, of course, but his memories of the occasion were vague, and his early childhood had blurred into one elongated event. Nonetheless, soulmates had always been there, and John was already in love with his. While some hated the pain, John looked forward to it. It made John feel like he knew his soulmate, even if just a little.
Sherlock’s jaw tightened.
Sherlock was bouncing on his toes by this point. “Don’t worry about that and just trust me, John. Do as I say.”
Michael hummed in agreement. "A few blokes from Gryffindor tried it last night, I heard. Didn't work."
“Well,” John coughed awkwardly. “Guess that makes two of us. Kinda. I mean… I’m bisexual. Not gay. But in a sense, we’re both gay. ‘Cause, you know, we both...” John was interrupted by an eruption of deep chuckles emitting from Sherlock.
The movie was long forgotten. Sherlock hadn’t actively paid attention for a solid ten minutes. The laughter, that one giggle, had stolen all his attention.
The words had haunted him since he was four. A few short sentences. Meaningless alone. But together, they were something John didn’t really want to ponder.
‘Tomorrow. I’ll tell John tomorrow.’
John nodded solemnly. “Pretty often, yeah. Whenever I suggest it he’ll say he isn’t ready yet, or he’s too busy.”
The current scene was all too familiar. John, seated in Sprout’s office, with another Hufflepuff fifth-year by his side.
It was an odd case. Usually Nev and Max would consult the catfisher on the phone
Realisation dawned on John like a wave – engulfing him completely and leaving him shivering with shock. Although nobody was trying to tear
“Then who on earth are you?!” she exclaims.
Finally, something akin to hope presented itself before him. It was a leap, really. The chances that Mike’s stranger would want to lodge with him were minimal. But John couldn’t help himself.
John shrugged. “That sounds fine, ma’am.”
His brain supplied, and Lestrade willed it to shut up.
Nobody ever said that television was polite.
“I heard he’s related to that head boy… Mycroft!”
Black spots clouded his gaze.
That was how he found himself packing his bags and heading off to Afghanistan as an army doctor two years later.
“The truth, I suppose. But I still wanna dig up some more stuff. There’s a lot on this website and I don’t want to miss anything. Should we look up the new address? Text him ourselves?”
Cameras completely forgotten, John smiled again. Mrs Hudson, unbeknownst to him, had disappeared entirely during their spectacle. Sherlock risked a glance over John's shoulder, before he began to speak once more.
Taking the coat with wide eyes, John cast a brief
"I'm drained. How about we sleep away the jet lag and go see our buddy John tomorrow?" suggested Nev.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Of course not, John. It’s to keep you warm, obviously. Now come on, before I catch hypothermia.”
“Oh, shut up, John. As if you don’t know what I’m talking about.”
haven't sent any other photos, either?"
“Don’t get ahead of yourself, John. It’s one drink.”
John could have died on the spot.
John wasn't quite sure what he expected saying something like that. But Sherlock lighting up like a Christmas tree and fumbling over his words definitely wasn't it.
John’s brows crinkled further. He closed his newspaper and straightened up. “No, this is bothering you. What is it?”
The humour was terrible, the actors clearly weren’t paid enough, and if Sherlock had to sit through another second, he was sure his brain would rot.
“No, Professor Sprout. Like we said, he just hit me for no reason.”
John turned to Mike, eyes stricken and desperate. Mike hesitated. “Alright, John?”
“Because we’re both gay idiots who have no idea what we’re doing.”
He was snapped back into reality by Sherlock gently calling his name.
“I’m sorry. For yelling at you the other day. I was a prick and I had no right to treat you like shit.”
John buried his fingers into Sherlock’s curls, tugging gently so that he could kiss Sherlock’s lips once more. He wasn’t quite certain when his tie had been removed or when Sherlock’s shirt had been completely unbuttoned, but didn’t really care to ponder, simply savouring the view of Sherlock’s bare chest. It was porcelain white, as though it had never seen the sun, and John marvelled at its sheer perfection.
“Not good?” Sherlock froze, voice laced with trepidation.
John sighed, running a hand over his face. “I just don’t understand why you’re so worked up over this, Sherlock. What I do regarding my soulmate, quite frankly, has
When Sherlock was twenty four, he began to dwell on the idea of soulmates. Though he didn’t care to find them, and was perfectly content with his studies, his mind palace would continue to taunt him with a stark nothingness in its far left corner. An unknown face with an unknown name and an unknown background. He still despised the thought of them, and his frustration only built when Molly Hooper began purposefully knocking her arm on bench corners and falling over at the slightest touch.
Neither had any idea of what to do. They were seated the same as they were. An hour had passed in tense silence and it was getting late. Sherlock shifted in his seat before finally standing up. He nodded to John in goodnight and moved to retire to his bedroom. He was almost there, halfway down the hall, when John called out.
“Y’gotta name?”
With their teeth now sparkling clean and their mouths tasting of mint, John and Sherlock didn’t hesitate in pulling each other forward and engaging in their first sober kiss. Their lips pressed together softly with a newfound shyness and John’s hand lifted slowly to caress Sherlock’s cheek. It was slow and delicate, almost careful, but nonetheless left John with goosebumps prickling his skin and his knees weak. Sherlock’s hands came to rest on the small of John’s back, thumbs tracing small circles in reassurance. John wanted to stay there forever, kissing Sherlock, and never let go.
John shrugged, staring at the floor. “No point.”
“They’re in so much pain. They’re suffering.” He whispered.
John stood awkwardly, scanning the crowd.
But it wasn’t for another two hours. He entered the flat with dripping hair and a face flushed from the cold. Sherlock was curled up on the sofa and facing the wall. He didn’t turn around upon hearing the door.
“Sherlock?” she had asked curiously, folding down the corner of the page she was on and closing the novel gently.
John turned so he was facing Sherlock and slid his hand forward so their fingers were touching. “No, that’s… good. I just, um, wasn’t quite sure where stood, y’know? After last night.”
“Sherlock will be fine. After that god awful display he obviously needs some time to himself.”
Allowing his eyes to linger on Sherlock’s face a moment longer, John then shifted from his position on the floor and made move to the opposite side of the room.
And then the intruder was gone. Sherlock was left a pathetic, convulsing figure in the middle of the floor. He hacked and coughed and brushed down his clothes. It would be no good for John to see him like this. Not only had Sherlock been a selfish, reckless fool, but he’d gotten himself hurt in the process.
“No, Mycroft thinks they’re brutish and since I never showed an interest in Quidditch my parents never bought me one.”
John laughed. "You're exactly as I imagined you'd be."
With that, John slumped further into the sofa, taking a few large gulps. “I feel… rebellious.” he confessed, grinning childishly.
This came as a surprise to Sprout. And unfortunately, John hadn’t anticipated Xavier bringing it up in conversation. “Pray tell, Mr Watson, why haven’t you been in the dormitory?”
Sherlock can’t comprehend her heteronormative ignorance. Apparently, neither can John. He rolls his eyes.
Nev’s eyes widened, looking at the camera crew in amusement. “Oh, did he give you a lot of issues?”
“It was the sister.” Sherlock spoke finally, and Mycroft whipped his head around to stare at his younger brother. “The police are investigating who pushed Peter Gibbons onto the train tracks. It was his sister.” Sherlock’s face twisted into a grim smile. Mycroft scrutinised him for a short moment before turning away, swinging his umbrella back and forth as his footsteps became quieter and quieter. Sherlock was alone.
John’s laughter turned into a wheeze, throwing his head back joyously. “You didn’t call him Snapey, Sher, don’t tell fibs.”
“Why on earth,” he breathed, “haven’t we thought to do this before?”
John did return.
Sherlock snorted. “Guess your deduction skills are a little weak, then. One year older.”
He willed some self-control and sent the message to Lestrade, studying the phone intensely while he worked.
Looking up, John smiled widely. “I suppose I could, too.
John’s hand had started to shake and he hurriedly placed his teacup on the desk before a mess was made. He clenched and unclenched his fist desperately by his side and breathed deeply through his nose. “He, um… Well, he’s obviously a detective, like I said, but he doesn’t work for anyone. He
Sherlock continued to stare at John, unsure of what to do. He didn’t know where to look, or what to say. Rather, he lifted from the sofa and moved to his own armchair across from John. Closing his eyes in fear of uncanny eye contact, Sherlock propped his hands beneath his chin. It was silent. But it was far from peaceful.
Sherlock looked genuinely surprised by that remark. His eyes shone with something raw and joyous. “You really think so?”
It was comforting – to hug someone. To know that both of you are there in that moment together. Their breaths rose and fell as one. The two of them against the rest of the world.
“And...” Sherlock took a deep breath. “I’m gay. If that makes whatever you were about to say any easier.”
Now it was John’s turn to blush. “You’ve marked some of my potions? Well that’s awkward.”
“You know,” Sherlock began hesitantly. “You’re the first person here, other than the staff, of course, to actually hold a civilised conversation with me.”
“Oh?” came Sherlock’s response in the background. “And why ever not?”
John felt something akin to excitement stir in his gut. Sherlock had confessed to him some days ago that he was quite fond of dancing, and John was more than eager to indulge him.
“Sorry to have put this on you all of a sudden. Our show focuses on online relationships and aims to help people, like you and John, to physically meet.” Nev explained, gesturing to the cameras.
"All good. We'll see you then, John. Hopefully with some more information on William."
“The Yule Ball will be a grand experience for all of you,” spoke Professor Sprout. “A chance to let loose, have fun, and dance the night away.”
The next day began with Max and Nev returning to John’s bedsit, the older man welcoming them with a handshake once again. The man was anxious – that much was obvious. His limp seemed to be worse today and he stuttered over some of his words. He looked like he hadn’t slept a wink. Nev encouraged him to sit and relax rather than make them tea. Who knew what the news of their information would bring.
Sherlock quivered, head moving indistinctively.
.” He reached out to shake Sherlock’s hand and after a few moments consideration, Sherlock accepted the greeting.
The truth was, Sherlock relied on John. Cared for him more than he’d ever cared for anyone. It was difficult to convey his emotions – to verbalise exactly how he felt – but in simple terms: Sherlock needed John.
“Let them have their fun. They obviously have nothing better to do.”
“Don’t
“Like?” John raised an eyebrow.
John didn’t think he was ever going to be done with this brilliant boy. Not for a long, long time.
He looked to where the door should have appeared, cursing at the sight of a simple blank wall. He gave it another go.
John took a few deep breaths before lifting his head. “It’s a surprise, yeah, but I don’t care about that shit. I don’t care. If he’s feeling upset or self-conscious…” John licked his lips awkwardly. “I just want him to know that I’d be there for him. William or Sherlock. It doesn’t matter to me. It’s just a name and it’s just a bad habit. That doesn’t change how I feel.”
His sister, Harry, was alright though. She was a few years ahead of him at school, and as soon as she had found out what the words meant, she hadn’t hesitated to tell him.
John swallowed thickly, meeting Mike’s stare.
Their Potions lesson for the day had just come to a close, with Snape clearing his things and sweeping out the door much hastier than usual. That’s when they’d taken their opportunity to strike. Mike had already left for Transfiguration, leaving John loitering behind to clean his mess and write some last minute notes from the chalkboard. He was almost finished, too, before a loud slam knocked him from his thoughts and prompted his eyes to shoot up towards the source of the sound.
“Should we… contact the old landlord? Ask who Sherlock is, what he looks like, why he moved?”
Sherlock’s eyes drifted to the cane, and then to John’s leg, and then to his shoulder. John could see his brain working quickly, attempting to deduce everything he saw. John bit his lip, an effort to subdue a forming grin. Sherlock looked at him with wide, sparkling eyes.
John licked his lips. “It was nothing, don’t worry about it.”
“Ha ha.” John laughed sarcastically. “No need to be a smart ass. I’m just wondering what soulmates have to do with anything.”
In a comical fashion, Nev’s eyes widened and he nudged Max roughly in his excitement. “John…” he trailed, a cheeky smile on his face. “Are you guys living together?”
“He asked for your father,” Winifred admitted.
And what of the fork? Why of all things had she chosen that—and why had she affixed the bloom to the seat of the chair when she could have simply laid it on the place setting? Like the ascent through the window, driving the fork through the upholstered chair seat had taken a vigorous effort. Whoever she was, she clearly had a message to deliver that could not be conveyed with a visitor’s card.
“It is… but I do not understand why.”
I am astonished. I am disbelieving. I am joyous.
We had just gotten back in our rooms, having resolved a case involving a decidedly unhappy family. Instead of being exulted by his success, as he usually is, Sherlock was restless and disturbed and could not settle down. I failed to convince him to eat anything. Mrs. Hudson had made a pigeon pie that was simply delicious and served to us piping hot, but after she cleared away the plates (she has left the pie on the sideboard, obviously hoping that her overly-thin tenant would eventually have some), I settled in my armchair by the fire and turned my attention to him.
“Of course, it is,” the doctor muttered, smiling fondly at him. He carefully unfolded the dignified paper—emerald green with golden swirls—and his mouth fell open at what he revealed.
“No.”
“If it will distress you for me to read it, then I won’t. I can just toss it into the fire and we can forget all about it.”
“Does it bother me that we are breaking the law?” I suggested. I was delighted to see the slight look of surprise on his face. For once I had followed
It was hard not to, with the distinct smell of the hospital filling his nose, so he focused on slipping as quietly through the corridors as possible, casually turning away, pretending to fidget with his jacket or coat, whenever he encountered someone. The security cameras were where they always had been and easy enough to avoid for the most part.
“Because it has been employed to affix a rose to this chair’s seat,” he replied cheerfully.
“My error. Please excuse me,” I offered, smiling back.
[The following was written in pen.]
He knew all about scars.
Leaving him for a bit, she began to read the extensive notes left by the previous nurses. From the times noted, it was apparent that he was living on a completely skewed schedule—no regard to day or night; regular bedtimes or meals. That wasn’t unusual for his condition. She frowned in concentration as she skimmed through the pages, then went back and began to read more carefully. Even for someone suffering from a brain injury, his behaviour was erratic. There were comments about what food he would and would not touch; what coverings he would tolerate on his bed.
“So why not come with me—I’ve got a little place now—come have a bath and warm up and have some proper food?”
“He spoke.”
Damned tenants in the flat above his were playing—blasting—their horrid music again. If it could be considered music at all.
Did he? No. He couldn’t rest. Not now. He was looking for something. No. For someone. Who? Damn. He had just had it.
He groaned and I heard the bed creak as he extracted himself from the bedclothes and rose. “Very well, Mrs. Hudson,” he replied, his voice hoarse with sleep. “Please allow us a few minutes to dress before you bring him up—and coffee. I require a great deal of coffee.”
“So, I wish to comfort you, and I believe that you will feel much calmer—and not quite so alone—if you just sit with me for a bit.” He considered this. I had chosen my words carefully. When he had confessed that he was distressed more by the idea that a family could be torn apart by greed and subterfuge, I recalled what little he has told me of his own family. It could hardly have been a comfort to be reminded of his childhood. “Just come sit with me for a bit and we will discuss the situation.”
“Holmes?” I said hesitantly. “Can I do anything for you?”
I have no idea how I knew, that early on, what he meant or what I needed to do to help him, but somehow I did. “Shall I lay it all out for you?” I inquired calmly.
I am sure that by now you have ascertained the point of this letter—and the nature of the error which Mr. Holmes—and you and I—made.
Sherlock remained seated for some time after the door shut. I tidied the table and tucked the card, which bore no name but an address, into my desk. Finally, I could bear it no longer. I sat back down, leaning forward toward my friend.
He was on the floor at the foot of my bed, curled up and leaning against the bedpost. I fell to my knees in front of him. “I am so sorry,” I whispered. I reached out and realised that my hands were shaking. “I will never leave you like that again—not when you are so low.” I reached out and put a finger under his chin, and raised his head with difficulty. I was mortified to see that his face was drenched with tears.
“Now these.” John handed him the two wrapped in green.
“Are you all right?” he asked in concern, gazing at me, his eyes wide.
can’t—protect him. I need control over the situation.”
“I am Mycroft Holmes.”
The other half was driving or walking through parts of London he was horrified to acknowledge the existence of.
And with that I presented him with the books I had brought with me and he, seizing the atlas, has become involved in—I have no idea what is enthralling him, to be honest, but he is being (relatively) quiet and focused and I shan’t say a word to him.
The other half was incoherent rambles on the phone; texts that made absolutely no sense.
“I don’t get into trouble!” was the indignant response. He made quick work of the box, extracting a ring of twelve balls about an inch and a half in diameter each. They were arranged in pairs of colours—two red, two orange, and so on—to create a circular rainbow. He gave it a tentative tweak—and was delighted when the shape he made stayed.
Mycroft Holmes might want to have the sofa re-upholstered when this was all done, Winifred reflected.
The agitation returned. His speech was still somewhat normal, but his motions began to take on the ugly twitching that I was, at that point, so disheartened by. His long fingers began to pick and pull at the blanket he wore over his shoulders and his head to twitch back and forth in disturbing, bird-like motions—first to look at me, then at his brother, back and forth. His rate of breathing began to increase and despite the somewhat warmer temperature of the room and his exertions, he began to tremble as if chilled again.
Sherlock polished off his glass and rose, reaching out. “More?” he asked, indicating John’s now-empty glass.
“Are you going to insist?” she teased weakly.
“I’m getting him a phone and a laptop, but he’s going to need a few more things,” Anthea reminded him.
John nodded. “Yes, he selected those himself.”
“Indeed,” he continued, “it is rather the opposite. It is cold that causes you to suffer—cold and dry winter air. I dislike it when your scars cause you such discomfort and long for nothing but to be able to relieve you of some of the pain in any way I can.”
It was probably only twenty minutes, but it seemed like hours that they remained behind that closed door. I knew that I could probably overhear their conversation if I listened at the door that adjoined our bedrooms, but I suspected that they would both know if I attempted this. Finally, I determined to interrupt them.
In a way, it was rather nice that his baby brother was back—now she would have someone else on which to set her sights. Well, it would be nice—once they and Sherlock were actually back in contact. Which, based on his current condition, was not going to happen for quite a while.
He carefully bent and retrieved a stack of the books next to the sofa, then shuffled out into the hallway and into the room next door. He put the books on top of the dresser and looked at the stack critically. They were all muddled and out of order. He began to re-stack them in a more logical order. He dimly recalled doing this before—sorting books—but with that someone else he couldn’t quite recall.
Combined with Sherlock’s tendency to both show off and mouth off, his receiving awards had apparently resulted in a rather negative reaction from the other students, if the bruises and scrapes were anything to judge by.
“On average, ten days. Sherlock, come away from the window.”
“Would you?” His voice was tinged with desperation.
“Do you promise?” Sherlock sounded very young.
“Yeah, he’s a puker,” Solomon noted off-handedly. “All done?” he asked his patient. He rubbed his shoulder. “Let’s get you cleaned up, yeah?”
Dave touched a shaking shoulder tentatively. “Hey,” he almost whispered. “Come into the bedroom and let’s get you dressed.”
say anything inappropriate, they would not only find themselves without a position but without references and very possibly facing an appearance before a magistrate.”
—Sherlock has noted.]
“Now, when we retire, do you wish to see me in my new nightclothes?”
“We can only hope.”
“What do you think, Sherlock?” the handsome, muscular man with the expressive brown eyes asked. “Want to get out from under Big Brother’s feet?”
And then, as if the emotions being expressed were suddenly too much—too unseemly and uncivilised and messy, perhaps—Mycroft began to rather determinedly eat his dinner. Subject closed.
“Arrangement...” Mr. Bloom’s predictable echo petered out, his mouth hanging open.
“He and I have been discussing your condition, yes,” I admitted. I saw no reason for subterfuge, and in fact wished to avoid any appearance of it—he is sometimes so apprehensive.
And then they unceremoniously dropped him on the bed, Malcolm threw the blanket he had ready over him, and they all exited the room before he could untangle himself. Sean fastened the bolt.
I could see that she was trying, quite valiantly, to be brave in front of us—or more likely in front of Sherlock. Despite his amazingly strong nerves when encountering criminals or even corpses, and his propensity to fling himself over and off objects in pursuit of a clue, he absolutely panics when either our dear landlady or I are injured or ill. I do understand that due to his mercurial nature, he is often a victim of the whim of his spirits, and that she and I (and his brother) are anchors in a maelstrom of emotions and perceptions. Any of us showing any weakness can shake him to his very core. However, at that particular moment, I did not wish to have to offer succour to him whilst simultaneously attending to our injured friend.
He was now adding drops of something to a beaker in a somewhat lethargic fashion.
“My love,” I murmured, pressing myself against his slender yet half-cleaned body, “every single thing that you do encourages—entices—
“It’s time for bed,” Winifred stated firmly, standing up. “Where is he going to sleep?” she asked Mycroft as he also rose and the housekeeper, Mrs Parker, who had been lurking discreetly in the pantry, reappeared to put the dishes in the sink.
Sherlock had swiped at his brother with the knife.
This was on the store’s own tab, after all, and he had no problem with that.
I kissed his cheek and inhaled the fragrance of his light scent: smoke and peppermint. “I missed you so very much,” I murmured. “I do worry about you—every minute that we are apart.”
As for her attitude towards you, she is remarkably brave. She did not shed one tear as she described to me your current situation. In fact, she managed to give the impression that she holds no ill will towards you. She claims that you were not in any way evil, but simply not “meant” to be content with a normal, decent life, profession, and marriage.
It is not just sadness. It is sorrow so oppressive that it seems that joy never existed.
What if he—dark curls and intense eyes and rich voice and quirky, wicked smile—never regained
up.” She indicated the inert lump next to me, just the dark, tousled curls peeking out from beneath the bedclothes.
“Good morning, Sherlock,” I had said as a way of announcing my return. “May I join you for breakfast?” I put my valise by the door and hung up my coat and hat.
From there I rinsed and wrung out the sponge and gently cleaned his face. His eyes were shut and his head tilted upwards, so the water from his newly-soaked locks would run down his back, and I reached up and gently wiped his lovely features clean. I stroked across his broad brow. I brushed as lightly as I was able over his eyelids. I lovingly worked the sponge down his sharp cheekbones and hawk-like nose. I rinsed and wrung it out again and then cleaned that lovely little bit just above his perfect lips and as I wiped across and under his chin and behind his ears I admit that I placed a light kiss on them.
“That would hardly be desirable for any of us,” she replied.
He took the few steps necessary to bring him in front of me. “Why, yes, I did,” he agreed, licking his lips. “And then what?”
Oh, no. Not his brain.
to. He needed to see evidence of the brilliant mind when it was still so innocent.
Sherlock’s frown deepened. “How much variation could there be if these come out every Christmas?”
“Highest marks.” I twisted my head around and kissed his cheek. “Now, my darling, what do you think would be a clever thing to do before descending to apologise to our more-than-patient landlady?”
“You rang… Doctor Watson! Goodness. Pardon my bluntness, but you look awful.”
“But I always do!” He was shouting now, and I could see that even in their bandages his hands were now clenched into fists.
Sherlock has insisted,
I looked into his exquisite eyes, and for a fleeting moment I truly understood.
“I am so sorry to hear that,” he ejaculated earnestly. “Yes, of course you must return to Baker Street at once, my dear Watson. Perhaps you can persuade Mrs. Hudson to make you something refreshing to drink, and you must lie down in a darkened room until you are feeling more yourself. Will that do? Can you manage on your own? Shall I accompany you?” His gaze as it swept over me was piercing indeed.
“And I believe that I might have made an error in judgement regarding any future plans for your safety.”
It amused me that he had signed it; as if there could be any possible question as to who had written it. I entered, closing the door behind myself. As I tossed my bag to the floor and hung my overcoat, I noted that I was alone. No Sherlock in evidence. Perhaps he had gone out (after eating all the cake). He had apparently successfully completed his experiment—his work-table was relatively tidy and there were sealed envelopes with mysterious notes written on each, apparently documenting his results. I turned my attention to our dining-table. There was, as promised, some lovely bread-and-butter, and the tea pot under its cosy was still warm. I seated myself.
As I have already recorded, Sherlock had been doing relatively well, but then something set him off, and I do not know what hurt most—the insults he hurled or that I had to physically, with the assistance of two attendants, pull him away from his brother.
“Being immobilized as I have been,” she began, indicating with a sweep of her hand both her injured foot and the bed, “and with Belinda doing so much of the work, I have had some time on my hands, and I have been using it to catch up on some reading and the like.” She paused and sighed. “And one of the books I chose to delve into was
He had not gone to work the day I treated little Lucy, who had wispy thin curls of a sandy colour like his, and it was clear from his demeanour that he was dedicated to his small family and distraught at the idea that he might lose his daughter. They had lost a son, several years prior, before his first birthday, but the pain was still fresh.
“How has he been?” I inquired with trepidation.
“Most certainly,” he agreed rather tiredly. He turned and headed for his bedroom.
Neither answered, looking at each other as if seeking a way to respond.
There were times when observing him performing such an action was the most enticing, beautiful, stimulating thing ever—both for me and for him. But not now. His head was down; his face the very picture of thoughtful despair. He sighed as he passed the sponge across his flaccid organ.
But perhaps this time you will not return. I startle at every ring of the bell, believing that you have finally sent someone to collect your things and take you away entirely. I have no delusions about your accepting this, my apology, no matter how sincerely I mean it. I believe that I have irretrievably damaged our relationship this time.
“Attempted?”
“Of course,” I managed, and if he had not still been half-asleep, he would most certainly have detected the anxiety and apprehension in my voice. How the hell was I supposed to dress and join him—and a client—as soon as I was “able” when, as a glance down confirmed, I was positively rigid?
“Sherlock,” the nurse said firmly, “I need you to sit down. If you calm down, we can discuss finding John.”
are tedious,” I reassured him, tipping my head a bit so I could kiss his ear. “That I sometimes become distracted from those tasks
He recalled many people who had been, if not entirely close to him, at least significant in some way. Faces seemed to surface from a mind that was like a churning sea, and for brief moments the names with which they were associated were on the tip of his tongue. But then the faces would sink back beneath the surface and the names with them and he would be left grasping at them in despair.
“Honestly, my love, no, I do not,” I admitted. “English laws regarding unnatural acts between men such as ourselves are as likely to change as... as it is to discover a hidden world of great dinosaurs still alive.”
He delivered this information in such a serious manner that it was droll. It broke my gloomy mood and I smiled. “Rather fussy, or impossible?” I asked.
He gingerly brushed his fingers across his swollen eye.
I do not exaggerate when I describe how Sherlock Holmes quite literally throws himself into his investigations. His slender form and long limbs seem to turn him almost into a spider, and his scurrying to and fro does nothing to dissuade me from my apprehension. I have seen him slide completely under a bed and then clamber up onto a table to peer at its canopy with barely ten seconds between to arrange the furniture to his convenience.
As he moved through the outer office, he was aware that the assistants on duty both glanced at him somewhat askance.
“No, sir, but we’ve had a bit of an upset with Belinda.”
That did not last.
“He must have been quite overwhelmed by his reactions to let even that little bit show.”
He was startled when the eerie eyes suddenly narrowed and focused on him; they were cold and intense and mesmerizing. “How can it possibly be enough when I haven’t identified… oh. Oh!” The eyes were now open wide in amazement. The change in expression was incredible. “Identify… that’s how he scouted out the houses. He’s not an estate agent—he’s doing
“My dear friend, I sometimes cannot fathom you. You always seem undisturbed by the horrendous acts of violence and greed you encounter in your cases, but I know now that that is not the truth. You feel these things quite deeply. Why do you think you need to act so coolly?”
The rules of society and etiquette exist to put us at ease. By diligent study of the wide selection of books and articles and even of novels and plays, one can learn exactly how one should act in nearly any given situation. I myself have depended quite heavily on these rules to guide me whilst in illustrious company; our dinners and holidays at Mycroft’s house immediately come to mind. It is quite reassuring to have what one could consider a script for so many interactions in society.
“The sergeant filed his report,” Thomas reported. “He’s been making inquiries to other stations, trying to find out who ‘Uncle Greg’ might be.”
“I am sorry, but I require more proof,” I pronounced.
Never mind. John would figure it out. He’d be fine as soon as his doctor saw to him.
sounds. I am going to kill Mycroft.”
The next page was rather intriguing. It consisted of pencilled rows of numbers, mixed with some odd marks and letters. As his eyes scanned the sheet, he was able to discern the pattern: numerals, a dot (or circle or @ sign; it was difficult to tell with Sherlock’s handwriting), more numerals, a tiny vertical line, and then a capital letter. This pattern was repeated to form pairs that ran down the page in rough, rather misaligned columns. It took him a minute to decipher some of the messier characters, but when he did, it confirmed his suspicion: they were latitude and longitude coordinates. He would need to know what location each pair pinpointed.
So why was he still so confused?
“Sir?”
“You are being deliberately obtuse,” I growled. “It is nearly the twentieth century. Things are changing, and we must change with them.”
As she exited the room, Mycroft saw it.
He turned and looked keenly at his brother, and I have rarely seen such anger in him. “If I agree, what will happen?” he asked—rather cleverly, now that I consider it.
“You look great, Sherlock,” the nurse had assured him as he helped the thin man sit up.
If our dear landlady does
This ejaculation drew a few curious looks from others in the dining room.
“Of course,” she nodded. “I’ll just go downstairs to get him some milk.”
“What is it, Sherlock?” he inquired, a bit puzzled.
“Is it the same person each time?”
Winifred shook her head as he strode out of the room, presumably to go back next door to dress.
“Yes, John. That is very thoughtful of you. Mycroft will take care of it until I am well enough in my current state I might very easily damage it…” He managed to stop himself from starting off on another ramble.
“Well, Sherlock, what do you think about that? I’ve had a fine time with you, but I’ve got to be off. Etta here will take care of you. And you will behave yourself, won’t you, for her? You’ve been lovely all day.”
no one with
“Thank you for the chess set.” He rose and wandered lazily into the kitchen to pour each of them a third drink.
“I will have to make some arrangements,” Mycroft sighed, “but I can have him moved to a safe haven, with constant attendance and observation, until the fit passes.”
Sherlock shrugged. I felt ill; my breakfast sitting heavily. Was this true? I had not known him long enough; had not been his doctor and friend long enough, to fairly compare his recent incapacitation to his earlier state.
That did it. He pushed a bit rudely past Lilly to join Mrs Parker, taking her hand and tugging her towards the stairs. The nurse followed in some astonishment.
“It feels as good as new, and I am so eager to be out of bed,” Mrs Hudson begged. I examined her foot carefully, and I had to agree. The swelling was nearly gone; the damaged skin was healed. There were a few marks, of course, but no danger of damaging anything by her being up and about. “I am certain that I can get a shoe on,” she continued, eagerly.
Despite the milling throng that was absolutely clogging the pavement in front of Harrods, John had had no trouble spotting his mate. In his dark coat and scarf, with matching curls and scowl, Sherlock’s very presence seemed to part the crowd, leerily shifting left or right to create an open space around him. Granted, he was leaning against a lamp post, but people seemed to be giving it (and him) a rather wider than usual berth.
I am writing this whilst looking out onto Mycroft Holmes’ fairly extensive garden behind his impressive house. Sherlock has been terribly ill—he has been seized with one of his manias, but this fit has been like none I have witnessed before. His usual state is alarming. This has been terrifying. I sent for his brother this morning whilst preventing Sherlock from tossing some clothing into a bag and leaving—for New York. I actually locked the door to the corridor and hid the key away in my waistcoat pocket—he seemed that determined to simply put on his coat and hat and head for the train. His brother came immediately upon receipt of my urgent message and explained to me that this was not the first time he had been thus stricken.
