for Serpentine to do just that and haunt whoever comes to his birthday party, he will adore her for doing
"Nothing bad will happen, I promise." Tony assured, taking Morgan from Pepper when the baby starts getting fussy; Tony tried desperately to ignore the skeptic look Rhodey sent his way, tried to ignore how his heart starts pounding in his chest when he noticed from the corner of his eyes that someone was watching from outside the window, he tried to ignore the thought of whoever outside was a ghost because Jarvis didn't inform anyone that there was someone pepping at them from the outside…
The shock was so great that Tony couldn't answer, he couldn't believe that Steve was taking James's side; James, who caused everything to go wrong in their lives, ever since he stepped inside this house. Steve gave a broken sound when Tony didn't answer him; he bit his trembling lip before leading James to the kitchen, probably to put some ice on the swelling eye…
"Only you Tony, only you, I expected Steve to be the one choosing this not you… honestly, you just got scary. What did Pepper say about this betrayal?" Rhodey asked, which only got him a smirk from Tony, Pepper was really angry with his song choice, she even threatened him with her high heels… thankfully Serpentine liked the song and gave it the green light. Pepper didn't stay angry with him much longer though, not when he bought her the heels she had her eyes on for a long time now.
His love was pale, so pale, the only color on his pale skin was the black circles under Steve's eyes; even Steve's vibrate blond hair has lost all of its health. Lying on the large bed, Tony never realized how small his love could be, but on the white hospital bed, it made Tony realize how tiny his mate was. Tony realize at that moment how much of a failure he was, how pathetic he was, weak, stupid, careless, easily distracted, and never paid any attention to the important things in his life.
The king had to say the queen was a strong one, it took Thor and Loki coming to help them to be able to hold the Omega back; not that it did much help as the queen thrashed and screamed, cursing Tyber and insulting him, lumping Anton with him when the Alpha continued to pull the thrashing Omega away from the crowd that kept on getting larger and larger. Good Gods this was turning into a nightmare.
"Really, Daniel?" Steven's amused voice caused Anton to perk up and stop in his tracks wondering what to do that he found the Omega, should he make his presence known? The giggle Steven let made Anton still in his place, deciding on staying hidden, mainly because this was the first time Anton heard the Omega laugh freely and he wanted to know what was so funny that Steven left his reserves away. "You know, I cannot give you the answer you want if you cannot say the words out loud." Steven said amusement clear in his voice as he waited for 'Daniel' to speak.
"Wait, time travel exists?" Tony asked with a bewildered expression which made Steve give a small chuckle when was the last time he saw this look on his husband? Probably when the blond told his lover to teach him how to become an engineer and an inventor, mainly to repair the Iron Man suits when Steve and Shield found a good replacement for Tony, but deep down everyone knows that there was no replacement for Iron Man.
"You don't have to do that, Captain Rogers." Jarvis said limping toward Steve to take the mess away from him, but Steve only smiles gently at the old man and directs him to sit on the chair beside the dining table.
"Natasha is right Tony, are you planning on spending your heat with Steve or do you want to spend it alone?" Howard questioned, doubtlessly making plan after plan to every response Tony will give, something that Tony always appreciated about his father and how he handles whatever life hurls at him.
"It is still a better name, then being called by my queen, like this is the only thing I will ever be." He huffed at that as he stood up; taking the towel from Margaret's hands and dried his body, face twisting in disgust as he saw Margaret get him a rosey dress out of the wardrobes in his room. Hydra king loved to call his people barbaric, but he never realizes how barbaric
Tony hummed and looked at the pup running his hand through the pup's soft hair sighing through his nose at the scent of content and sleepy pup, all the while wondering where is the pup's scary father. "Darling, where is your father?" Tony asked as he looked around at the watch that was hanging sighing as he saw that half an hour passed and he was still here.
"You look so beautiful…" Steve tried to contain his blush at his lover's words, smiling happily when his love took his hand and give it a small kiss, his heart was pounding in his chest that he feared that any moment now it will rip out of his chest and jump to the ground to dance in joy. Steve sighed happily when his love pulled him to the dancing floor; Steve looked up at the Alpha with a big smile on his face that was mirrored by his lover.
"I came here to see why the Joke and laughing stoke of the galaxy is trying to capture me!" Steve said in a snappish tone, sidestepping Tony and holding the raccoon in his hand toward his teammate, which made the four of them look at the rodent who was frozen in his place like a stone; they were probably wondering why the rodent was frozen in his place like an obedient kitten and not making a move. What Steve heard from passing, was that those guardians all had an unsavory temper, especially the small rodent in his hand, so it was no doubt shocking to his friends to see him that way. Unfortunately for them, they didn't account for Steve's explosive temper that he was famous for; a temper that even his caretaker stated would be the death of many who cross him.
A minute passed, maybe hours? Tony didn't know or care about that, he was in his own little world, trying desperately to convince himself that this was just a nightmare, a nightmare that he will wake up from… hopefully. Tony sighs and looks down at his tummy, only to see his hand caressing it, which made him snatch his hand, fast, like it was burned. He glares at his stomach and when the door opened he looked at the Beta that walked toward him with a sunny smile on her face, Tony grimace at that.
"What?" Tony shrieked as he pulled away from Steve's embrace, being thankful that they were flying in the Stark's private plane or there would have been a lot of people shushing Tony at his sudden outburst. "What do you mean they forgot our son in the supermarket? How the fuck dare they forget our son? Goddammit, Steve! Why didn't you tell me?" Tony hissed, trying to pull away from his husband, planning on calling his father and give him a piece of his mind; poor Peter, he was probably scared and alone in the supermarket wondering when will his idiotic grandparents return, and how was he going to call his parents who were in another country across the oceans.
“Nah, he is still grumpy that he had to wake up at 4 a.m. to investigate the disturbance that took place last night, you just missed his speech in the town hall, when he warned every teenager with spending the next three months in a cell if they don’t confess.” Natasha shook her head, delight twinkling in her eyes, causing Tony’s lips to twitch up.
/Warning/: this chapter contains, cursing, a little bit of sadness, fluffy fluff, a little bit of violence, Steve being protective AF! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
… Tony's mind screamed and shouted, making Tony choke at the horror of his mistake… if only Rogers was here. "Then why now? Why did you let me live here for two years without showing up?" Tony asked, trying to distract Howard as he backed away, thinking of many different plans to protect his baby's from Howard's slimy hands.
The woman took a shuddered breath, taking a handkerchief from her pocket, and wiped the tears that managed to escape. It was not a wise time to let her emotion run rampage, not after all these years, she needs to get herself together, that's what she needed to do. Clearing her throat the woman braved the small flight of stairs, stopping directly in front of the door, gazing at it with a hesitate look, not knowing what to do.
"That is no excuse, Peter… you made Tony very sad, do you understand?" Steve chided the boy, causing him to whimper at that and his breath started to hitch even more. "And Lila and Copper should know better, especially that they are older than you by three years… you three are grounded for a month, do you understand why Peter?" Steve asked the boy gently which made the small boy nod his head.
Steve froze in his place when his eyes catch the title on the newspaper when he passed an old man reading it; Steve's breathe hitch a little before trying to blink the shock away, swallowing as he wheeled himself toward the elderly man sitting on the bench. "Excuse me?" Steve called out, his voice breaking a little when the man raised his head and gave Steve a strange look. "C-can I please borrow the newspaper? Just for a few seconds, I will give it back, I swear." Steve asked, pleading note was in his voice, which ended with the old man blink and nods his head hesitantly before giving Steve the newspaper.
"Tony…?" Pepper asked him with concern but Tony ignored her as he was finally able to open the letter, shaking all the while it took him to read and reread the letter…
The thing was; Tony had promised him to come with him today. He had promised to never miss out on the first doctor visit with Steve, who was nervous as hell; he promised he will be here! But his appointment was approaching, and there was still no sight of his Alpha anywhere, and not only that; the Alpha wasn't answering any of Steve's calls or voice messages, leaving Steve a nervous mess full of anger at his husband's oversight. His husband always jokes about Steve's forgetfulness, while in fact, he was the one who seemed to forget everything and anything important that wasn't his job!
Steven blinked his eyes, taking in the king who was looking like he prefers to be anywhere but here; a sentiment that was shared with Steven for the Omega doesn't even want to see the king's face, not right now, not when he was a minute away from attacking the man, who was the reason he lost another babe he promised to protect. "What are you doing here, foolish king?" Steven asked in a tired voice, which made the Alpha shuffle uncomfortable in his place.
It was after so much shouting, so much screaming, excuses thrown in left and right, that everyone was dragged to Shield, with Howard being sent to the medics, it ends with everyone being squeezed in Peggy's office, as much as the office was wide and spacious, it felt like a broom closet from how tense everyone was, Maria Stark was sitting one of the chairs looking on her hands before she stood up and walked to Peggy that was screaming something on the phone, the Omega took the phone and slammed it shut on the table which made everyone turn to her. "Did you know?" The Omega asked with a strong voice, it was a whisper but for everyone, it was like a shout for how silent the room had become. "Did you know about his Omega? About him being a father? Did you know or not?" Maria ends up screaming which made everyone shuffle and back away from the enraged Omega no one wants to be in her sight.
With how much ranting and screaming Fury was doing, Tony could only groan and massage his tempers; first of all, Tony wanted to scream at Fury that nothing was his fault, but the fault of everyone at the party. Second of all, you would think that after the information dump two years ago, everyone would have known by now the truth about Steven Grant Rogers. With how unreasonable Fury was, and how much the PR has proven to be idiots, Tony knew that he was going to stay in this room for a long, long time.
When Steve woke up, he woke up to a kind doctor, he was old, and his name was Erskine, the man had sat him gently and inform him that he was pregnant, that he was in his third month and that, they thankfully were able to save the baby because his neighbor was able to call the ambulance on time. That his health was weak, and he had to stay in the hospital for a little while to regain a little bit of health.
But what is he to do? What is he to do when the king will soon know about the pregnancy? Will he beat him? The King still has not raised a hand to Steven, only because the Omega kept his head down and did what the man wanted from him, cleaning and cooking and taking care of him and his child. Would he be the reason that Steven lose his unborn? It would be easy for the king to make him lose the babe if he didn't want to raise a hand, he only had to bed and knot him and then pull out while still knotting… it would hurt, it will make Steven hold into his cries of pain as tears trickle down his face, it will make the Omega wish for death as he moans in pain, and hope that the physical and mental pain of pulling a knot will go… but it will do the trick. His body will get rid of the child in his womb, preparing for another one… a child from a strong and capable Alpha… and in a week's time, he will fall in heat, and by then not even Steven can stop that heat if he didn't find the herbs he wanted in time.
"What the… who are you?" Stane called out, making Tony turn his head to the direction Stane was looking in, hoping that it was someone from the town who will help him; raising his head, Tony could only see the outline of a man, it was a second before it disappeared, causing Tony's breath to get stalled in his chest.
"Did he force you?" Steven finally spoke, his words made Tony furrow his brows but he shook his head because as much as he wanted to blame Rogers, it was as much his fault as it was Rogers. "Does he know?" Steven asked after taking a few breathes to calm down, his words causing Tony to fidget a little.
Slowly, so slowly, Tony turned toward the source of the sound; his heart was pounding in his chest uncontrollably. The sight in front of Tony froze him in his place, locking his knees together and gaining a choked noise from him, his eyes widening even more at the sight in front of him, part of his mind refuses to believe what was talking a place not a few meters away from him.
Steven couldn't help but glance now and then at Tony who was glancing at Rogers and then at the dance floor with longing. Steven shifts awkwardly in place at that, before letting out a sigh, putting the champagne down and taking Tony's hand in his. "Come on, I'm bored," Steven smiled as he dragged the Omega to the dance floor, which made the young man flush at that and gazes at Rogers, who still didn't pay him any attention. Tony frowned and started walking faster, pulling Steven with him to the dance floor.
P.S: So some of you lovely readers asked me some questions about the story that seemed to get some of you confused, I hope my answer will help you all in the long run…
Tony blink his eyes and turned his gaze to the house, a small smile taking over his face when he saw the sunset turning the lake surface into canvases of yellow, oranges, and reds, taking Tony's breath away, the brunette woman cleared her throat making Tony blink and turn to the woman with a sheepish smile and rushed to sit in the passenger's seat, putting his seatbelt on and closing the door behind him. Tony looked across the road at the path leading back to the cabin.
"N-no, no, baby, no, you don't understand…" Tony's voice nearly vanished as he tried to explain more to his baby, cursing himself for causing so much distress to his son and the man who did nothing but care for them from the start. "Look at me, baby…" Tony breathed out which made the small boy shake his head before the Omega let out a tired breath and he pulled his baby away so that he was able to gaze at his eyes, and his heart broke when he saw that tears were clouding the boy's eyes once more. Tony opened his mouth and then shut it, not knowing what to say, trying to gather himself as much as he can. "Mama is sick, baby…" Tony finally ended up saying, his words making more tears cloud Peter's chocolate dark eyes. "S-sometimes… Mama gets lost in his head, and can't find the way out… and… and Papa did what he did so that he would protect me from hurting myself, even if… Even if it meant that he would get hurt instead…" The Omega explained to the boy, hoping that he would understand, that he would know that the Alpha was the one who got hurt today and not Tony.
"Hello Mr. Stark, I'm Dr. Cho." She said all on that with a smile taking the seat in front of him. After confirming his pregnancy, the doctor started asking him about his family's history of illness, asked him about his illness, if he was diabetic, if he was this if he was that, she asked him so many questions and she wanted him to take so many tests, Steve felt dizzy by the end of it, Steve looked at the sheet of paper in his hand, feeling nervous about the tests that were required of him.
To say the truth, the king had not sent Nattalegg to get the information she wanted from the Omega, nor she was instructed to torture him and get what they wanted… but she was simply… intrigued… she was intrigued by an Omega who stood with his head held high and gazed at death's face with a glare rivaling even his. She was intrigued by how a single Omega was able to change their king's mind when in fact the king was known to be the most stubborn man to live. And she was intrigued about whom the Omega actually was because not one of her spies told her that the Hydra king was mated or had a child… the Omega was a blank page, and she wondered where his place in all of this was.
"No!" Tony shrieked denial and pain echoing in his voice, the thought of that nightmare being real caused Tony to give a pained sob, his hope of running away lying in ruins. "Why, God? Why? What did I do to deserve this?" Tony whined, gazing at the still dark sky, refusing to turn to Steve and see how innocent and happy he was looking while Tony was weeping and losing his mind not a few feet away.
"But…" Steve tried to justify only for Tony to growl at him, which broke his heart a little when the love of his life didn't give him any chance to explain why he did what he did, and to make things even worse, Tony went to the trickster and took hold of him from his shirt firing his repulsors as he headed toward S.H.I.E.L.D. which Steve nearly snarled when he saw the love of his life fly away and leave him here, which made Steve's face twitch until it was a murderous scowl that made everyone around him jump away in fear…
The Omega snarled as he stalked toward Tyber, probably with the intent to kill the Beta here and now, and Anton was held between wanting to get rid of Tyber or stop the Omega from causing himself more harm from Tyber's followers. "Did you forget about me already? Or is it just the people you break your oath to?" The queen hissed letting out a dangerous growl causing Tyber to take a step back. "You swore on king Odin and Queen Frigga that you will save my child if I gave you all the information about the Hydra king; you swore and you broke your oath!" It was when the queen bounced on Tyber that Anton and Jamti reacted by pulling him back. "They found you a day and a half journey without a child you oath-breaker! You swore on your life you will take him to Brookland! You gave yourself that scare on your face as a show of trust and truth!" The Queen screamed, trying to pull himself away from Jamti and Anton.
God, I am so angry right now at something that my classmates did that I wanted to pound all of their heads to the ground!
Anton hummed, his hands flipping the Shield to stare at the back, he had already replaced the worn-out harness with a new one; making the Shield easier to carry and handle. Lost in deep thoughts, Anton flipped the Shield a few more times wondering what he is to do with it; well, Anton could return the Shield just like that, but then the queen would be suspicious of him, not that Steven wasn't suspicious before, but if he just returned the Shield who knows what the queen would do? Another option is returning the Shield in exchange for a favor to be called upon any time Anton demand it. So far this was the most likely option that Anton knew won't backfire on him, not only the queen won't fight with him and accuse him of hidden motives (Which Steven would do either way) but also Steven won't feel indebted to him that he would refuse the Shield.
"He is not breathing!" Braes panicked voice broke him from his haze, and he let go of Hamar who was a whimpering mess on the ground, he ended up rushing to Braes, and Starkad took in the queen, his eyes widening uncontrollably when he saw the red that painted the front of his shirt, causing Starkad's heart to nearly stop.
Steve then rushed to the room closing the door behind him as he rushed toward the Omega, Tony was thrashing and screaming as he was having a nightmare, and when Steve touched his shoulder the Omega let an air-piercing scream which made Steve wince as he tried to wake the Omega up. "Tony please wake up!" Steve raised his voice a little as he let his pheromones loose trying to wake the Omega, after a few minutes of thrashing, the Omega finally opened his eyes which made Steve let a sigh of relief which vanish as soon as Tony starts sobbing and crying, Steve let out a sigh and he held Tony rocking him back and forth, shushing him gently which made the Omega whine.
"P-Peter…" Steve breathed in disbelief, taking a step toward the boy only for the said boy to flinch and back away from him. At that, tears that Steve had tried desperately to hold in since this madness started slid down his face, though Steve only allowed a few tears before he reigned them back in, ignoring the shaky breath that Tony let out.
"Goddammit, enough!" Tony snapped as he tried to pull Steven off, which thankfully the man followed him without breaking from his hold, probably didn't have it in him to be rough with Tony when he knew that Tony was already in a delicate state. "Natasha, take Rogers to Bruce, or better, taking him out of the mansion until Steven calm down." Tony ordered, causing Natasha and Clint to rush toward Rogers and helping him to stand before rushing him out of Steven's sight before the man loses it. "And you, come with me!" Tony hissed as he dragged Steven back to his workshop, ignoring how Peggy starts following them with a dark look of her own.
Sorry for the butchered and unrefined chapter, at first I planned on writing a 10k chapter but instead, I made it to 6k before my mind decided to completely blackout…...
"I'm sorry… it was my fault, if only I noticed…" Hearing these words once again, caused Steve to let go of the door handle and lean his head on the door, finally being able to place the voice he heard. "I screw up again, didn't I? I screw up, and you ended up here after I promised you that everything will be OK." Tony's voice cracked as he said those words, and Steve's breath hitched at the hurt and pain he heard waved in Ton's words; the same hurt and pain that festered in Steve's heart since the start, probably even before he had his baby. "Steve was right, I should stop looking to the faraway future and focus on the now; I should focus on the now before I… I…"
The sight that met them forced their smiles to nearly split their faces; Tony was carrying his daughter in his arms, leaning on Steve who was resting on the bed beside him. No one noticed how but Peter had already slipped inside the room and was sitting between his parents staring at the baby with wide eyes. No one pointed at Steve's bandaged hand. All of them rushed toward Tony and Steve to congratulate them.
"Are the Avengers in the living room?" Tony asked, already dreading the answer as he waited for Pepper to regain herself once again; it took a few seconds for Pepper to blink her eyes and snap out of her shaking, nodding her head as her eyes never left Tony, taking him in. Tony could only curse his bad, bad luck that decided to match-make with an Addams of all the people on this wide universe.
"You speak as if you know…" Tony muttered, getting a small laugh from Steve, it made the Omega's lips twitch up into a smile despite him not wanting to.
Pepper! Tony grinned to himself, he needed to call the woman and tell her where he was, maybe she and Rhodey can come here on Christmas, celebrating Tony moving into this beautiful house, he has to call her, and maybe persuade her into smuggling Dum-E here, after all, he did leave him with her for safekeeping three years ago, while lying to his father about him disassembling the robot, maybe Jarvis will like to come too. Tony was sure that the AI got bored of being a computer, maybe he can wire him into the house, making him a security system that will protect the house in his absence.
"Yeah, I did… but do you know what's more fun though?" Tony asked, a wide grin stretching on his lips as he raised one of his hands, and dangling from one of his fingers were metal cuffs that caught the attention of his husband, who let out a dark and joyful laugh of his own…
"I told you I will kill you if you touched him!" Steven snarled, delivering every word with a punch, which made everyone back away unconsciously, what happened a month ago flashing in front of their eyes, Tony though he gathered himself and rushed toward Steven, taking a hold of his hand, before he destroyed Rogers' already broken nose.
"No, I'm not going to tell you their name, go and ask Clint for it, or go and confess. I want my phone fixed by next week." Steve grumbled making Natasha growl but huff and put Steve's ruined phone in her bag.
Bucky stared at him for a long time, making sweat slid down the back of Steve's neck; wondering why Bucky looked at him that way. "I see… well I hope you won't mind waiting a few more minutes, I need a change of clothes before coming with you." Bucky stated before turning around, leaving the full cup of tea he was carrying on the kitchen island before walking back to his room.
Steven looking back at the king who glowered down at Johann as he continued with his pathetic excuses, and Steven took a deep breath as he looked at his son confused and scared expression, giving him a kiss on the forehead and hiding him, he felt Margaret pull him closer toward him and pointing at an exit with her eyes, making Steven give her a sad smile and a head shake, which made the woman pale when she understood Steven's meaning, that caused Margaret to hold on tightly to Steven hoping that her shaking will stop.
"She… she abused Peter?" Tony asked shakily, getting a nod from the man as he tried to regain himself, taking a deep breath as he tried to calm himself before he detached himself from Tony's neck, kissing the Omega's temple before clearing his throat to start the tale once again.
"I hope that he like me then…" Steve said which made his Alpha leaned on his shoulder while pinching his cheek, making the man grumble and try to pull away from his Alpha with the threat of biting his fingers.
That was seven hours ago, and all the happiness that Steve felt in that time vanish, especially after the clock hit eleven and no sight of Tony yet, making the blond let out a tired sigh as he looked at the cold dinner with a sad look, taking everything in, he has made sure to make Tony's favorite, hoping to break the happy news to him with a pleasant dinner, but it seems that the brunet won't even come home tonight.
"It seems… it seems that the pup thought that you were sad, so he thought it would be a good idea to go out alone and surprise you by buying you something, you being here for a short time, I am sure you didn't know about the child kidnapping that has been going around Manhattan for three months now." The Omega said which made the Alpha let out a small sigh at that shaking his head while looking at the pup in sadness. "Look… I know it's not my business, and that I will probably insert my foot in my mouth… but the kid loved you, he was so worried about you ever since the two of you moved here from your home, especially about you being sad… so please don't be hard on him he didn't know any better." The Omega said which made the Alpha press his lips into thin line sighing through his nose and closing his eyes trying to collect himself.
That's what Steve was planning when he went to the workshop to drag Tony out. Steve planned on asking Tony to be his partner for the ball before another person did. Steve knew that what he was doing was wrong, that it meant he was relapsing once more and was bond to have his heart broken again in the end. Steve knew he was reverting to the years he couldn't help but watch Anton as he lived and died, again and again, getting his heart broken over and over again; but this time, the heart break will be more crushing and painful, especially when Steve finally tasted what it was like to live with Anton and his family, a family that accepted him for who he was.
Gasping for breath, Tony flinched when the door to Morgan's room was slammed, causing Tony's heart to leap in his throat at the thought of Howard managing to break the door. Morgan's whimper was all Tony need to escape his terrifyied mindset for a second, making him run away to the hidden playroom; desperately, Tony hoped that his baby would stay quiet long enough for him to direct Howard's attention to the other way.
Sam closed his eyes tightly as that as he starts massaging his forehead, he then put the card in his pocket and took his phone to dial the number he wants.
“So you know…” Sarah scowled at Tony, her face darken by the second, as she tried to calm herself down, probably before she does something she will regret. “I’m doing nothing wrong; I’m trying to protect my family! I control my son’s life, you say? I’m protecting him from making the same mistake he did with that Carter woman! It wasn’t enough my son had to suffer because of her, but my grandson too! And you! You are nothing but a potential heartbreak and pain that will destroy my family once more after it took years to recover! You talk about me being a domineering and shit, but you are ignoring the fact that you are trying to replace your dead pup and your wayward mate with my family!” Sarah took a threatening step toward Tony, but the Omega didn’t move, standing in his place showing the Alpha that he wasn’t backing out, no matter how many barbs the older woman throws his ways, no matter how it hurt when she mentioned his dead child or how she implied that he was whoring himself to have him.
Tony waited a few minutes in hope that the boy's parents will come any moment now; five minutes turned ten and then turned into fifteen, and still, no one came to collect the small boy who looked even younger than Peter, based on his height. Letting out a sigh, Tony decided to deal with this matter, maybe call CPS if he couldn't connect the boy's parents.
Today Steve was going to go to a fancy ball in Stark tower; Peggy had told him that she get a hold of information that says the Starks are being targeted. So Steve took it as his mission to protect his friend and his family. Steve was waiting for Howard in the man's office; to go into more depth about the plan… it was then that he saw it…
No, no, no, no, no, no! Wake up, wake up, wake up! Steve shriek inside his mind, begging everyone who will hear him, begging the damn stone attached to him to let him wake up, wake up!
It was an absurd, so absurd, and cult-like horror movie. This was the finish of nearly every horror movie and book Tony read and hated (Especially how dumb the characters were), Tony was just waiting for everyone in the town to drop their mask and attack him. Did everyone think that Tony would believe them after they spent months lying to him? Did they really believe that he would take their words as truth? A town that was a safe haven for the abused and those who wanted a second chance being protected by a monster… that was the plot of nearly every horror movie dealt with towns that were ruled by a cult…
"Steve!" Bucky jumped out of his chair and ran toward Steve, pulling him into a tight hug, trying to hide his face in Steve's neck, mainly to stop Steve from noticing his shiny eyes. "Oh my God, why didn't you call me when Steve woke up, Stark?" Bucky glared at his fellow Alpha, causing Tony to give him an innocent smile, which was anything but.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, maybe a little bit of violence, Tony and Steve fighting like cats and dogs, unwelcomed surprises! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"So good, Tony…" Tony blinked his eyes in a daze, finally paying attention to what Steve was whispering against his neck, his words sounding choked up by sincerity. "Look at you, sweetheart, so breathtaking and beautiful." Steve then start placing kisses behind Tony's ear, along his jaw, under his eyes, everywhere he can reach until Tony's giggling again, high off the affection his husband was giving him without a restrain. "Mine. My husband." Steve growled nuzzling Tony everywhere he can reach, leaving Tony melting at his affection.
Steve stopped in front of the sweets section, gazing at their packets but not seeing them. Today of all days Steve decided to go shopping for food after he noticed how the kitchen supplies were getting thinner; now Steve knew he shouldn't leave the house, not after what happened, especially not with a stalker/God's-know-what on the loose. Steve, on the other hand, was on his wit's end, not only because he couldn't spend once more second in the house, but also because Steve got tired from how quiet his home was and how Tony was absent for many days now, without Steve catching a glimpse of him here or there.
Usually, when the creature dared to stop a bully from hurting someone, it was usually followed by screaming, it was followed by things thrown his way, by cries and begs for mercy, it was followed later by snapping and angry screams and the words
It started as a normal morning at the beach… or whatever kind of normal Tony and Steve can have. While Tony was sunning himself, and watching his husband in the water, Steve was having the time of his life by surfing and then jumping in the ocean, no doubt scaring a shark or two away if that insane grin was anything to go by.
Howard frown at the sight in front of him, part of him was feeling many different mixes of emotions, another part was feeling nothing but numbness; that numbness was usual though, for Howard had felt it for the last fifty years, so it was normal, not something that Howard will give a mind to, or think about it much. But the first part was making him crankier than ever, for that part too should be feeling numbness, and not that many mixes of emotions that leave him confused and irritated.
Tony knew that he was desperate, but was he desperate enough to think that Steve has somehow saved his baby and raised him as his? Maybe, yes? Tony doesn't know, but he has to prove it to himself, he needed to prove it to himself… Steve wouldn't mind doing a parental test, would he? Just a small test to see if his baby was really alive and nothing more…
"People are talking, about the Omega who changed the king's mind… Loki and Thor are angry, furious, that an Omega who carried runes like that was in Johann's hands, and had his pup too." Klint said in a low voice, his words only meant for Nattalegg's ears, and those words made Nattalegg frown and turned her head when she heard Thor's loud voice, taking in the blooded Thor and Loki, who were glaring at all of those who dared to look at them… it seems that they took their revenge from Johann.
Harbored in Steve's arms, anchored down by Steve's weight, Tony never felt like this at all, like the safest thing in the world with his now-husband, and Tony knew he never felt surer that he was now. "Yes…" Tony whispered, his breath hitched into a moan as Steve crowded him deeper into the pile of pillows on the huge bed.
Steve's words made Tony pout a little, and then he starts biting his lower lip as he starts thinking of ways to right what happened a few hours ago. "But Steve! This is not a math problem I can solve in a few seconds and be done with; this is Harley we are talking about…" Whatever complaint Tony wanted to say was cut by the door of his room being knocked on, making Tony sigh as he stood up from his bed. "I got to go, the kids came knocking, probably Peter, do you want to say goodnight?" Tony asked, shaking his head with a smile when he heard Fury's voice yelling in the background, probably slaving Steve and dragging him around.
"Is he going to be OK, doctor?" Steve asked Dr. Anna, trying to stop the yawn from tiredness and sleep deprivation that wanted to leave. It has been a week since Peter was admitted to the hospital, a week of high fever and hallucination, and Steve trying to do everything he can day and night, catching sleep here and there which equals three hours a day. He was tired, so, so tired, but Steve has to hold on, for his pup, he has to hold on; he held on for two years, what a few more days?
Finally, when the sun finally set, Tony was free to return to his home once more, free from this parallel universe he was thrown into; who would have thought that the people Tony will learn to love and be loved by them will turn out to be a cult or something. It breaks Tony's heart, especially when he loves everyone in the town, they were his friends, and he considered Peggy and Bucky as his family... he loves them… but no matter what they will do, Morgan will always come first, even if Tony had to be the one who will kill the monster in the lake.
"Is zat so, sveethearrrt?" The man on the other side of the door said, amusement clear in his voice as he knocked on the door once more, before letting out a joyful laugh, causing Steve to flinch and back away from the door wondering what was going to happen to him now. "Just kome out, sveethearrrt, I prrromise I von't hurrrt you; I just vant to… talk," The man said, causing Steve to shake as he tried to back away from the door, fearing that the man may have a gun on his person.
That made Steve pause a little, and when it clicks Steve gave a small chuckle at that and gaze at the computer in wonder. "J.A.R.V.I.S." Steve hummed and cracks a smile at the questioning marks he read in the text. "He named you JARVIS." Steve said making the AI pause, if Steve really can say that, before answering with another text.
The door to his room opened, causing Steve to open his eyes, trying to focus on the person standing near the door; he thought that it was Tony, but at the same time he didn't want it to be his Alpha. His Tony spent the night crying beside his bed that he ended up passing out; Steve was so grateful to Bucky for taking him away, giving Steve a few minutes to gather himself before he will be the one who will start crying. Steve has to be strong; he has too because if he can't then who will tell Tony to gather himself and take care of Peter, their poor baby was sick, he needed Tony to stay strong for him.
Howard pursed his lips, turning away from Tony and gazing at the wall for a few moments before turning his eyes toward his son, gazing at him with a guarded look that made Tony's hope crush before he even heard his father's words. "The chance of the serum with the interference of the poison is up to 1% maybe 1.5% if he was lucky." Tony took a deep breath, closing his eyes tightly, refusing for the tears to fall, even if he knows it was a losing battle.
"I will think about it." Steve ended up saying as he stood up going to the place where the living room was, following Peter's scent to reach it; Tony followed him with a worried look on his face. Tony really hoped that Steve will consider his words, for Peter's sake…
"I am sorry if I opened an uncomfortable subject… I guess I am a little bit rusty in the department of social interacting." Tony said looking at his feet as he walked beside the Alpha, eight years ago, he would have probably chatted the Alpha's ear to deaf, but now? After so long avoiding people and Alphas and ignoring everyone that was outside of his circle of friends… yeah, he was hopeless wall-flower.
"Did you think I was going to let you elope with that nothing of an Omega?" Howard snapped which made Tony close his mouth looking at his father with shock; the room becomes few degrees colder at that statement. "What? Did you think that I didn't know? Didn't know about you using the name Anthony Carbonell…" That got a choked sound from Bucky as he looked at Tony who was clenching his fists. "That you made a fake passports and papers, did you think that I didn't know about you saving money and selling your cars, didn't know about the houses you bought outside of the country with fake aliases so that you and that Omega can run away, did you really think that just because you made this idiotic plan meant that you will stop being a Stark once you left the country?" Howard shouted at Tony who bit the inside of his cheek trying to stop himself from attacking the older man.
Tony sighed tiredly, pouting harder and harder with every second that passed, and sleep refused to come and greet him; how cruel, it wasn't like Tony didn't want to sleep and chill, it was just that he was too wrung out to do so, even on the soft
"No way!" Peter whispered, turning his gaze to Tony who was shifting in his seat trying to become smaller than he was feeling at this moment, sending Steve a glare full of disbelieve and betrayal, but as usual, the Omega didn't pay him any mind only smirking to show that he was enjoying this show. "What happened next, Mommy?" Peter asked as his eyes returned to Steve, leaning in his seat as he waited for what his mother was going to tell him.
"He is perfect, isn't he? What do you think, Mr. Rogers, are you ready for parenthood?" Tony asked, his questions getting choked cries and shriek from the Avengers and a happy laugh from Steve who pulled him in a hug, nuzzling his cheek and kissing him on the lips…
Tony rushed toward the common room, hoping that everyone will be there, hoping that J.A.R.V.I.S. managed to wake the Avengers up so they could hear Tony out. In the back of his mind, Tony wonders if everyone will think he is crazy after what he was going to tell them. Tony hopes desperately that his friends will at least believe what he was going to say, even if it seemed crazy.
Serpentine and Steve stilled for a second, giving Tony ire look before both of them blinked their eyes, looking at each other in deep thoughts before creepy grins took over their faces, causing Tony to gulp, dread taking over him as he felt like he just signed his death with his own hand. "That's perfect,
It was hard at first when Anthony was introduced to his mother, as his mother feared that Anthony was manipulating him and using him, but with time, his mother warmed up to Anthony when she saw how much love he had for her son, how he will lay the world at her son's feet if Steve so much as wanted it.
These words caused the creature to give an annoying hiss at the sleeping boy, gaining nothing but the boy shifting until he was comfortable to return to sleep. The creature hates this, he hates this place, and he hates the town and its people, and he hates everything that ever happened to him, but what he hates the most was this small boy who kept on making him think and hurt his head, and he despises thinking.
"And the reason for the distraction was me…" Steve finished making Bruce hum and nod his head at that. "What am I going to do Bruce? He is apparently my fated mate and not only that, his pup thinks that's I'm the father because of what Tony told him… how can I take care of someone hurt when I don't even know how to take care of myself?" Steve gulps the rest of his tea, putting the cup on the desk gently making Bruce paused, thinking.
"Moving on…" Tony finally said as he starts shoving a few stray toys he forgot about, trying not to cry when Steve came up behind him and put a gentle arm around him. "Steve… please…" The Omega begged, hoping that the Alpha would realize what he was doing to him just by holding him in his arms tightly.
After that Steve was surprisingly a gentleman and took him in a stroll around the streets of New York; surprisingly they didn't get robbed because of the suits they wore, and everyone seemed to give them a wide birth which informed Tony that Steve was probably known in this neck of the wood if the insane grin was anything to go by. Surprisingly, their stroll was filled with talking and debating; Tony learned that Steve does like art and drawing which was sweet… (Until Steve sighed and told him about the paintings he did with his enemy's blood) all in all, it went better than Tony ever dared to imagine and hope for, which was something.
"No! I-it's… it's not that." Peter said, a pout making its way on his lips, which caused Steve to tilt his head, wondering what his boy meant by his words. "I wanted to marry Tony, I like him more than you do… Wait what if I made Tony my bride? He can be your Mama!" Peter puffed his cheeks as he said those words the fire behind his eyes returned ten volts at that believe, and Steve doesn't even know if he should laugh out loud or scold his son, but in the end, it ends with his left eye twitching, even if his laugh was trapped behind his lips by the skin of his teeth.
A small weight slammed into Fury's legs, making the man twitch and frown, looking down with a glare at the child who dared to slam into him. When the child raised his head, Fury's breath left him when familiar blue eyes caught him, the child backed away before tilting his head, and a cheerful smile took over his face when he pointed at Fury and said. "Eye patch!" With a cheerful and unafraid tone; when Fury closed his eye he swore he was thrown back in time, 26 years ago when an annoying blond child ran between his legs just to annoy him and try to bring a smile to Fury's lips.
Tony let out his breath as he heard that beautiful voice after all these years, Tony could hear the news in the background, but he didn't care, he only cared about that beautiful voice who was talking on the phone, Tony cross the portal and he heard the gasp from the line.
"Noted, now if you excuse me, I had to get a few things from my home and then leave for work, tell Winnie that our gathering will be at Clint's house this week," Tony said as he waved goodbye to Bucky and went to his house making the Alpha shrug and turn around only to shiver in fear as he saw his mother behind him, crossing her arms while glaring.
Tony's eyes darkened almost instantly at the invitation. Tony reached up to run his hand under Steve's neck, causing Steve's breathes to hitch when Tony's fingers touched his scent glands. They both stood completely naked, cocks standing at attention in anticipation for what was to come. Tony pulled Steve towards him and fell back onto the sofa, sharing a languid kiss. Tony's hands began to roam, circling Steve's hole, and almost as if on cue, Steve felt a rush of slick between his legs.
"Them… half of them in prison and the other half are under witness protection…" Jarvis looked at Steve with confused which made the Alpha sigh and grumble to himself. "While we were doing background checks, we found that two of the staff, a doctor and a nurse were working under Stane, the rest... half of them were Hydra's sleeping agents, the other half, were doctors whose families were held, hostages. It seems that Hydra thought that Tony must have heard something while he was in captivity, something big. That's why they were trying to get rid of him, by forcing him to go into a heat that his weak body wouldn't handle." Steve had to swallow his growls at that thought, but the dark look on Jarvis's face made Steve sigh trying to calm himself and the Beta least the woke up the small family that was sleeping. "The doctors whose families were kidnapped, we were able to recover their kidnapped families and gave them new IDs and papers. Now Shield is doing a background check on every persona that worked in the hospital and the clinic." Steve finished making Jarvis sigh and shook his head at that looking at Tony with worried eyes.
The Alpha in front of him was not a person who Steve would have ever thought related to Tony, for one, the man was tall, something that neither Tony nor Howard were, for another he has a blue-grey eyes, which was a far cry of the dark chocolate eyes the Starks are known for, the man looked at him through a shoulder-length hair while tensing a little, which made the Omega give what he was hoping an inviting smile as he invited the Alpha inside, blinking when the Alpha brought nothing with him other than a duffle bag.
"Why, thank you! Hearing this complement does nothing but boost my ego." Tony let out a happy sigh as he turned to the mirror once more to check his butt. "By the way, does my ass look fat?" Tony asked suddenly, making Rhodey choke on his breath for a second before he finally lost it and start laughing, looking at Tony like the genius was the one losing his mind.
Steve, on the other hand, didn't pay it too much attention, beaming happily like a puppy who was told he was good; which was a mental image that Tony never wanted Steve to be associated with, especially when the man is a scary motherfucker who won't hesitate to kill. "I'm happy that you liked them; I spent days thinking about what you will love; Ms. Potts was so helpful when she told me that flower and chocolate is the way to go!" Steve said happily, which made Tony pale at the realization that Steve dared to ask Pepper about dating 101; oh shit! Pepper was probably waiting for Steve to come and pick her up, only to realize that he was never coming and that he will take Tony on the date that she was no doubt excited about.
"I am truly sorry; I am doing what I am ordered." Nebula whispered before her hand snapped forward, taking a grip of Steve's left arm, as much as Steve tried to push her away, his body refused to cooperate, fighting against him after he used nearly all of his saved magic to seal Wanda's tainted one.
Steven bite the inside of his cheek as he heard the Alpha's words, as much as he hated himself for thinking about the deal for even a second, a part of him couldn't stop a traitorous thought from entering his head, he could finally return home, he could finally see his village after years, he could finally see him! And he will finally raise his son without a fear, enjoying their life with no Alpha to order them around. Steven pursed his lips and turns his back to the Alpha, walking toward the small pup that was awake and looking at the exchange that happened between the Alpha and the Omega clutching the blanket tightly in his small arms. "What do you think, James?" The Omega smiled a little at the pup, saying his words loudly as he looked at the Alpha with a glare in his eyes.
"What do you mean baby?" Tony asked frantically touching his son's burning forehead. "You can't leave Mama… Mama Needs you right now… baby?" Tony shook his son a little, his son just let out a hitched breath but didn't wake… oh, God, no, no, no, no! Please don't take his baby away, please God, please!
Howard… Howard looked like a corpse that was living on fumes, always talking to himself, always searching, searching, and searching! For what? Steve didn't know, the rear times he was able to see Howard, the older man would just look at Steve for a long time, he then would give a sad and tired smile, a smile that says that he only now remembered something funny… that wasn't funny anymore… Howard will always return to his search after that, leaving Steve with the feeling of missing something… Steve felt like he wasn't the only person who was losing his mind…
The door was knocked which made Tony blink and snap from his daydream, nearly jumping from his bed, heart pounding in his chest hoping that it wasn't Steve or Tony would embarrass himself with his cherry-red face. "Y-yes?" Tony called out, hating that he stuttered a little, but he cleared his throat hoping that whoever on the other side of the door will think that his stutter was because of him waking up and not because of him blushing fifty shade of scarlet.
That was Steve's thought as he moans in pain as he tried to stand up trying to put his weight on his uninjured leg, he then starts limping toward the open portal that the machine opened, his broken leg hurt so much, and his broken ribs were about a hairbreadth from piercing his lungs, his bruised and broken body hurt him so much that he stays standing any longer and ends up tripping on his way to the machine.
Tony frown, gazing at the pieces of his armors scattering across the table, what happened yesterday still replaying in his mind; he still remembers the betrayed look on Steve's face, the heartbreak in his eyes, but most importantly he still remembers the redness on Steve's hands and face from the holy water he threw at the man. Tony admits that he may have overreacted yesterday, he admits that it was totally uncalled for to treat Rogers like how he did, but then again no matter how much Tony screamed at Rogers that he wasn't interested in him the man still chase after him no matter how many times he screamed no.
Tony frowned at the box, wishing that it will open by itself and declare to him what was hiding inside; after all, it was not fair that his heart was pounding like mad, and his face to burn with embarrassment, not to overlook the hope growing inside of him accompanied by the joy that nearly drove him to squeal like a schoolgirl. It will be an absolutely let down and painful if he was feeling all of that only to discover that either the box was not for him or that it contains something else.
Tony watched the Omega head to the kitchen and he took the time to take deep breaths trying to calm himself, hating that he nearly destroyed any chance he could have got with Steve by being a whump, after taking deep breathes a few more times, Tony then went to follow Steve, looking down at the roses that were ruined shamefully. When Tony reached the kitchen he put the roses on the counter, looking at the Omega who glanced at him before putting a hot cup of herbal tea in front of him, making the Alpha give a small sniff at that, taking a deep breath before he starts crying… he always wondered what it was about Steve that always made him lose it, made him either high on happiness when the Omega gave him one of his smiles or cry in fear when he loses the Omega somewhere.
"No, no, Bucky, it's OK, please calm down." Steve offered gently with a smile, letting his scent out, hoping that the scent of a pregnant Omega will calm the Alpha enough that he won't feel threatened. A few seconds later Bucky seemed to calm down, but there was still uncertainly and fear in his eyes, Steve gaze the Alpha a soft smile on his lips as he came to sit near the Alpha on the ground, not wanting Bucky to feel like Steve was pushing on him his statue of being the Omega of the house. "What are you doing, Bucky?" Steve asked, taking in the sewing kit and the shirt in Bucky's hands, and it was then he remembered that Bucky only came in with a small duffle bag and nothing else, and he starts scolding himself how forgetful and unfair he was to Bucky since the Alpha start living here.
The Thing: Norse society was governed by quite strict laws which were discussed and decided upon at a meeting called a Thing. Usually held at a specially chosen field or open space, the community would assemble at the Thing to settle disputes and disagreements and enforce these laws that had been handed down from generation to generation. The trials of people who were thought to have broken the law were also held at the Thing. If a person was found guilty the relevant punishment would be handed out by the law-speaker.
"What did you do, you little shit?" Stane growl as he pulled Tony back from his hair, making Tony let out a shout of pain, the winds howl like an angry beast at that, and Tony tried to stop his shaking when it starts getting colder and colder reaching the freezing point that Tony could see his breath coming in white buffs in front of him.
Steve gave a sad smile at that as he walked toward his and Tony's room he paused a little in front of the door with a bouquet of roses in his hands. "He is with us, Friday?" Steve asked softly, waiting for the robotic female to answer, his heart pounding in his chest, this was their secret code when it comes to Tony these days.
"Love you too." Tony smiled as he went to the door, clicking his phone shut as he opened the door. "Yes… Harley?" Tony asked in surprise wondering why Harley was here when Tony was so sure the little boy will take it as his mission to avoid Tony after what happened earlier that night. "Do you need something, sweetie? Is it nightmares?" Tony asked gently as he leaned down to look at Harley, wondering why the boy was shaking all over, was it really a nightmare, or was it something else.
"Yeah, yeah, I know I rock; I make you speechless. All in all good choice with the clothes though, Steve would really love that you have chosen this suit. I heard he was planning to take you to the cemetery today in the witching hour to torture some souls; a very romantic date if you asked me." The woman grin, an insane glee shining in her eyes like she knows a secret that Tony doesn't, which made the inventor gulp in fear, his mouth suddenly as dry as the desert.
Tony noticed how Natasha and Fury glanced at one another before Natasha gave him a gentle smile, causing Tony to relax a little, struggling to ignore Fury’s narrow eyes that were examining him. “I see; if you recalled anything, or were troubled by the same teens once more, don’t hesitate to call, Mr. Carbonell.” Fury stated before nodding his head and disappeared, causing Tony to blink his eyes at the none challenged way Fury deal with the matter, though he didn’t help but notice how Fury paused near the lake gazing at it with a dark look on his face before continuing with his way.
Tony heard Pepper snap, not that he was paying that much attention; in truth, Tony's eyes were trained on the open door of the closet, the door that Tony knew was closed when they got inside the room, and Rhodey nor Tony opened it. swallowing thickly, Tony walked toward the closet on light feet, wondering if Pepper and Rhodey noticed his strange behavior, but he knows they might not have noticed at all, between their loud arguing.
"Hello to you too, Dad," Tony said as he took off his scarf and put it on the coffee table, which made Howard raise his head and scowl at his son.
Silence dominated the jet as everyone took in Steve who was nodding off in his seat; all were wondering how the star was awake when it was afternoon when he couldn’t wake up if the sun didn't set, and everyone was concern about how Steve faced the Scarlet Witch alone. Tony, who was sitting beside Steve out of his suit; held Peter in his embrace, kissing his forehead now and then, and whispering reassurance as he rocked his baby to sleep, too shaken to care about showing his friends and family this insecure and vulnerable side of him.
"It's OK…" The boy wheezed as he sat up, and Anthony noticed how the boy avoids straining his left shoulder. "My name is Steve Rogers by the way, and yes, I can walk." The Omega said with amusement and an eye roll, and Anthony had to click his mouth shut at how sarcastic and none challenged the Omega was acting like he wasn't the one who got hit by a car not a minute ago, and why wasn't he panicking? Any other person in his place would have cursed Anthony to hell and back, they will even threaten to call the police and threat that they will see him in court, but this Omega was so calm… he was intriguing. "A drive to the hospital will be great, though." The Omega said which made Anthony stand on his shaky legs and help the Omega up while making sure not to hurt his injured side. When the Omega was in the car, Anthony rushed to the other side of the car and drove to the hospital, all the while keeping an eye on the Omega who was looking at Anthony then at the road, Anthony thinks that the Omega got a concussion from the hit. "Hey, what's your name?" The teen asked which made Anthony nearly crash the car from how surprised he was at hearing the Omega's voice.
"To be fair, I don't know." Tony finally admits with a sigh, a serious look taking over his face. "I mean I don't mind if I spent the heat alone, Dr. Banner informed me I can't take suppressant until my heat is regulated or it will disturb my system, I know that you will take great care of Peter so I'm not all that concern, especially when it's time for the little munchkin to have his own room." Tony smiled when Peter pout and moaned; probably still recalls how the discussion about picking up his own room went. "To be honest though, I was planning on asking Steve to spend my heat with me." Tony informed everyone shyly gaining understanding smiles from his family…
"I will call you if I discovered anything new about the case," Sam said which made Tony give a wobbly smile and thank Sam while shaking his hand. Tony stayed a little bit behind, to fill some forms that he was given by Sam, and when Tony left the building, a huge smile took over his face as he walked down the streets, he felt like nothing was going to ruin his good mood today, he looked at his phone that start ringing and smiled a little as he saw Pepper's name on the caller ID…
When the time to leave came, Anthony's heart was pounding, he wanted to cancel this madness and stay here with Steve, he wanted to be with the Omega so the two of them will be able to plan their eloping together, but in the end, Steve caress his face and told him that he can do it, that he was Anthony Carbonell. When it was finally time and Anthony was in the car he made sure to wave to Steve until the Omega was out of his sight…
"Well, Peter, I brought you a present, after all this is… this is Papa's first time meeting his small hero." Steve said making Peter's jaw fall a little as he pointing to himself.
A few hours later Tony couldn't help but chuckle at the laughter he heard coming from the living room, the kids were having the time of their lives it seemed, especially with all the movies Peter was trying to make Harley watch,
"Yup!" She popped the P which made Steven blink at her strange way of talking. "A cute little fella, who is probably waiting for me home while driving his aunt crazy, but what can I say, he is four years old." The chuckle that came from the metal creature was flat, and to say the least, granting on Steven's nervousness, because it sounded like sharp nails on a board, but the star thinks that he can feel the emotions behind those words making him smile a little. "So what's your story? Any family, kids?" She asked which made Steven shook his head at her words.
When a woman finally came to escort them, Steven nearly rushed out of the house while dragging the woman demanding that she take him to his friends, thought Steven was more civilized than that, so he just held his babe in his arms and followed the woman, taking the village in with wide eyes with his babe, this was the first time that the Omega left the house and gazed at the life inside of the village.
"Hello Mr. Carbonell, I'm Dr. Cho." She said all on that with a smile taking the seat in front of him. After confirming his pregnancy, the doctor started asking him about his family's history of illness, asked him about his illness, if he was diabetic, it he was this, if he was that she asked him so many questions as she wanted him to take so many tests, Tony felt sick by the end of it, why would he care about his diet when he was going to get rid of the baby as soon as he can? Thought Tony as he looked at the sheet of paper in his hand, it was enough that he hadn't even approach alcohol or coffee in the past two months and a half.
Tony couldn't help but wince and shiver as he remembered how he walked through the empty halls that were once the pride of Fury. The walls were painted red and the light bulbs were destroyed, the few ones that were working were flickering in and out leaving an ire glow guiding lost souls; the bodies Tony saw lettering the ground made him gulp, and Tony was even afraid of going to shake one of them, fearing that the body would wake up as a zombie and eat his face, the screams in the background of the people Steve was torturing didn't even help Tony's pounding heart to calm down. Tony only managed to relax when he finally saw the door to his freedom, making a run for it and hoping that he wasn't going to die because of those stupid Addams; all in all, it was hell, and Tony was wondering how he was going to tell his team that Steve finally destroyed S.H.I.E.L.D... Oh well, better them than his company.
After Starkad was able to make it to Braes's hut, he made sure to leave the queen in Bótey capable hands hoping that the Omega's stubbornness will keep him alive if not for himself, than for his child who probably heard what happened from one of the people who never kept their mouth shut. Starkad remembered how he went to his son, hoping to hold him or at least check how severe his injuries were, but the Alpha only gets his heartbroken when his son shuffled away from him, not even looking him in the eyes, and when he did, he saw the uncertain and pain shining in the pup's eyes like he wasn't sure how to act around Starkad anymore, and that more than ever made him angry partially at himself, but also he was furious at Hamar for had finally done it, he had finally signed his death warrant by attacking his son and the queen.
"Oh, baby no, I will talk with your Papa, don't worry love everything is going to be fine." The Omega said cooing to the boy, rocking him in hope that he will calm down, Tony didn't know how much time has passed since then, but it was enough it seems for the pup to fall asleep.
Before Tony hightails it into his house and ignores the get-together, he heard a throat being clear which made him jump and turn around only to see Bucky Barnes looking at him… just his luck. "Are you going to go inside?" Bucky asked as he opened the door which made Tony nod his head, his throat was as dry as the desert and he didn't want to embarrass himself by squeaking, though he was getting uncomfortable with the way Bucky Barnes was looking at him with narrow eyes.
That made the pup smile a little and look at the floor in self-consciousness, but Tony didn't want that so he ignores his fear of the pup's father and pulled the small child in a hug, purring loudly which made the pup giggle and huge him tightly. "Thank you for saving me, Mr. Stark." The boy said which made the Omega hum and let go of the pup to ruffle his hair.
It was a mess; Steve was a mess every time he remembered what happened… what nearly happened if Bucky wasn't fast enough to get them out of the supermarket before the disaster started. "
Ever since Steve has suddenly disappeared from his workshop Tony was worried, I mean the Winter Soldier himself told him that he was interested in him, even called him 'My Dear' in Italian (How did the man even know he was half an Italian?) of course Tony was weary, he was talking about a man who has a strange fascination with death, who coos at the thought of humans body parts, and who probably got turned on by torture! He had seen enough footage on the Addams family to be sure of that, eating knives for breakfast was just the beginning.
"Steve." Tony said as he stood up, flushing pleasantly as he saw that Steve was wearing fancy clothes like his, it made Tony's heart flutter in his chest because it looks like the two of them were going on a date, and not having dinner in Tony's house, but Tony shook that idea away, after all, Steve was his friend and it will be kind of like a betrayal thinking of the Alpha like that when the Alpha have Peter to take care of.
An hour later, Tony was sitting with Harley in their booth, Tony taking a sip from his coffee now and then as he watched Harley inhale all the food in front of him, even the three veggie sandwiches Tony ordered for the boy; Harley inhaled his food like he hadn't eaten anything for days and part of Tony was afraid that the boy was going to be sick if he continued to eat like this, but Tony didn't have the heart to stop Harley from enjoying himself. "It's yummy isn't it?" Tony asked, smiling when the boy raised his head from the waffle plate in front of him to nod and give him a truly happy smile before going back to eating.
The Alpha tilted her head and gaze at him up and down, taking his scowl and his protective stand with the child in his arms and the Omega wondered to himself if she was a spy for the king, which with Steven's luck, she definitely was. "Are you done staring like a creep?" Steven finally asked after five minutes of Steven glaring at the woman and her looking at him coldly, and it made Steven's hackle rise, how the woman kept looking like no one's business.
"I'm going crazy Peggy…" He said with hitched breath… "Always hearing that singing, ever since I woke up… it just won't stop, it cried, it begged, it shrieked and wailed, and… and… I'm going crazy…" His voice cracked. It had made Peggy look at him with a heartbroken look, it made her give a sigh calling herself stupid for not noticing earlier… she made him sit and explains that what Steve was experiencing was a rear type of bond so rear it said it doesn't exist, that Steve had a fated mate out there, and the singing he heard was just their voice… it made Steve give a hollow and crazy laugh at that…
Steven had to smile when Tony's rush to take one of the books with a huge grin on his face a manic glee shining in his eyes at the thought of gaining knowledge of something new. Though that smile fell as soon as he opened the book and start looking through it, furrowing his brows as he flipped the book a few times, causing nothing to change, which made the man look at Thor with a frown? "What language is this? It's not even old runes alphabet language!" Tony whines as he turns the book to Thor, showing strange runes to everyone.
"Who the hell are you?" Howard stated in a bored tone, which made Tony falter in his steps and for his hands to twitch in anger, count on his father to destroy the moment and sign himself for a beating; before Tony snap something nasty toward Howard, the man leaned up with a thoughtful look and took Tony in before an '
“Thank you! I own you one, you don’t know how much it meant to me, God, and it has been years since last time I saw them.” Tony said only to start sniffling, struggling to stop from crying, which caused him to groan. “Dammit, hormones!” Tony whimpered as he let go, struggling to wipe the tears that attempt to fall, Natasha offering him a sympathetic smile…
"Don't cry, baby, please don't cry. Do you want some milk?" At that question, Morgan's cries get louder making Tony flinch and let out a tired sigh, bouncing his baby gently as he looked around the place trying to find a way to calm his baby. "OK, what about a little bit of fresh air? Daddy really needs fresh air right now or he will start crying too." Tony let out a tired groan as he went to the front door, hoping that he will find Natasha or Peggy outside on one of their 'Surprise' visits.
It had been a week since he wanted to answer the Alpha's question, but not gaining the right moment to do it, a week since Tony starts seeing the Alpha in a different light then he did before… a week, a short time but at the same time a long one for him, and by the end of the night, he hoped that everything will turn in his favor.
Everything starts getting worse after his son's eighth birthday, his son was always tired these days spending half of his time lying on the couch or sleeping in his bed, he stopped eating too, and Steve fearing for his son's health was forced to feed the pup, who whine every time Steve brought him food. When the bruises start to show, that was Steve's breaking point, he went to his baby's school and talked with the principal, he asked them if his son was getting bullied nearly shouting if May who was with him that time, didn't hold him back, the principal assured him that his son was not getting bullied, in fact, the boy spent all of his time sleeping in the classes, and that if the pup wasn't the first student in his classes, Steve would have been called earlier.
A boy with dark brown hair, familiar blue eyes, and a familiar cheeky smile, with a fearless persona, as he went around the place looking for troubles, causing everyone to have heart failure as they try to protect the small boy. Familiar eyes that Fury finally saw, with decades between the last time he saw them and the now; part of Fury, the small part that is hidden under layers of scars and betrayals and pain couldn't help but light the spark of hope, a spark that Fury couldn't help but try to ignore to stop the heartache that will follow.
That only made Loki hum and lean on the seat behind him, sending a fleeting glance toward Tony who was looking at the wall behind Steven's back, lost in thought about what he just heard not a few seconds ago, Steve, on the other hand, could do nothing but furrow his brows at his counterpart's words, feeling Peggy shake beside him as she gazed at Tony like she was going to lose the Omega any minute now, as for everyone they weren't better than Tony or Peggy, fear taking hold of them at the dark future they were promised…
The room became silent at his explanation, fear was taking over every single person inside of the room at the dark future that Steven showed them, Thor begged the Norns that what Steven was telling him was a joke, but the strange woman who appeared out of nowhere just told them that the Norns themselves showed Steven the universe's ends, Thor knew that he should take Steven to the AllFather immediately least the future that Steven saw came true.
"A few weeks ago, I was able to detect the space stone signature on Midgard." Nebula stated, thanking every God in Asgard that her voice didn't crack from how afraid she felt; Thanos paused, which made her give a shaky and a silent sigh, maybe he didn't know about this, maybe she can survive. "I went to investigate the reading I was getting; it seems not only the Golden Bride's Astral Form was on Midgard since his disappearance, but it seems that the space stone was able to give the Golden Bride a physical body, a human one at that, You can know the Golden bride by him wearing the space stone as a necklace around his neck." Nebula held her breath when Thanos stood up from his throne; she tried her hardest not to shake when she saw the mad light in the titan's eyes.
"Love, I came home to you last night," Tony said gently, taking Steve's hands in his, massaging the Omega's hands with his strong ones. "You told me you have some important news for me, you even made me go and check on James, because he had a migraine early that morning, when we were having dinner, the three of us, you gave me this." Tony smiled as he let go of Steve's hands, taking the small box on the nightstand, near the glass water, making Steve wonder how he missed it. "I was so happy, Steve, and I… I made that stupid comment about going and getting a drink, then you start panicking and then you passed out… I'm so sorry baby, I didn't mean to cause you to stress, I'm so sorry." Tony whispered, clutching the box in his hands making Steve shake his head.
"So you are awake, princess." The voice of the king made Steven growl at that and sent the king a nasty glare hoping that the man will vanish from his sight, but the man did nothing but smirk at him, throwing something through the bars, making Steven's eyes fall toward the fabric before the returned to the king. "I advise you to change into this if you do not want to be jumped while wearing that… thing." The king said a sneer on his face as he gazed at the clothes Steven worn, which made the Omega scuff and look at the Alpha with dark eyes.
"Oh, Stevie! Wherever you are, I'm so proud of you! Tony will make a great addition to the Addams family!" Serpentine squeal happily, giggling as Tony's dark laugh increased, followed by the thunder that came out of nowhere causing everyone to jump and finally book it out of the mansion. Leaving Serpentine whose jaws hurt from smiling widely as Tony let out another manic laughter that mixed well with the sound of thunder behind; if only Steve was here to see this and not haunt that maggot, her baby would sigh happily at the beauty of Tony at this moment…
"Maybe…" Tony playfully answered, humming as he followed the trail that his fingers left, but with his lips this time, making his husband give a pleasant rumble deep from within his chest. "Saw you sleeping and couldn't help myself; you left yourself open for attacks, My Captain…" Tony purred his nosing around the bonding mark that had healed, leaving nothing but beautiful scaring on his husband's pale skin.
Steven hummed to himself as he walked toward the library, planning on searching for a few books to read to pass the time when he doesn't have anything else to do, he knows that Edith could prepare any book he wanted from the huge library downloaded in her system, but even then, Steven didn't want to exhaust Edith, even when the AI complained to him that she does nothing but sit still on his face since the start, doing nothing but hacking into Shield and other countries' database in search of any traces of Hydra and the Red Room.
"Excuse me, Alpha, but would you mind me asking a question?" Steven asked politely calling the woman by her designation not wanting to be rude and call her by something else, so usually calling people by their designation was safer, the woman turned to him and gave him a nod making Steven relax a little. "Do you know of a place called Brookland? And if you do where am I to find it?" Steven asked, and he could see how the woman's face turned from boredom to shock to anger mixed with hate, and Steven tensed at that, especially when the woman looked at his son who was too busy gazing at the children as they ran and play to pay them attention, which Steven was grateful for.
In all of this madness though, Tony can't help but hope there is a way to come out as the winners in this game of madness; a hope that they will save Steve and defeat Thanos at the same time. The past month was so hectic and insane that Tony can only hope of being able to power through the months that were coming.
but you have to." Margaret said his name in a whisper as if she was afraid that someone will listen to them, and Steven would not put it past the Hydra kind to do it, afraid that his prized possession will lead a revolution against him, which Steven hoped will happen sooner than later.
Lastly but not least Tony… Tony and Steve's relationship did get better in the end, after so many heartaches and pain. After the final battle, when Captain Marvel decided to sacrifice herself instead of Tony and snap the Gauntlet, it seems that Tony and Pepper's relationship was once again strained, Tony tried to make it work, if not for him than for his daughter Morgan, but everything fell like sandcastle when Morgan came home one day talking about one of her classes that day, talking about genetics and DNA, and how she wanted to do the DNA tests her teacher talked about. Tony laugh it off at that time and decided to indulge his daughter, only to discover the harsh truth later, when the results came, and the person standing in front of him was not related to him at all, that lead to a shouting match between Tony and Pepper, it ends with them splitting up. That day, Steve found a wet and shivering Tony on his doorsteps. That was the point their relationship turned one-eighty. Despite himself, Tony tried to be part of Morgan's life, he loved the little girl too much to cut her off of his life for the mistakes of her mother, unfortunately, Morgan did not feel the same, she blamed her father for leaving her and her mother, which put the two of them in a strained relationship.
Steven felt himself scream in his mother language without realizing it, his voice strong despite the fear shaking him, but he had to give it to himself for his voice made the Iron King stopping in his tracks and then turning around; a frown etched in his features while he looked for the source of the desperate scream.
"Good morning, sweetheart, ready for breakfast?" Tony asked even when he didn't want to leave his bed, even when he wanted to spend the rest of the day hiding away under his blanket, fantasying about a world where Steve didn't die and was with Tony and Peter when they wake up. "I am sure Aunt Peggy and Uncle Bucky already finished preparing the food," Tony said, finally gathering the courage needed to through the blanket away.
And that was how he knew that Tony was an Omega, but what actually infuriates Tony was how Stane asked his father for his hand in married… more of demand it then asks for it. Tony rage about that, but thankfully his father turned to him and asked for his opinion which was a big fat NO! He wasn't going to mate someone who thinks he can own the world just because he was an Alpha.
"Well, it wasn't like it was my fault, to begin with! Everyone in this Goddamn mansion is in love with Rogers, hell even Pepper is in love with him; so why am I the one forced to marry him when I don't even want to do anything with him? He took me to the cemetery yesterday, the cemetery! I never sat a foot inside one since my parents died!" Tony ranted, huffing and puffing as he tried to calm himself trying to make Rhodey understand that he was tricked into this unwanted marriage.
Though when the Omega reached the office he had to jump when he heard the sound of a crash and angry shouting from the inside, which made the Omega take a frightened breath, as he walked to the office with shaky legs, fearing that someone broke in and hurt his father, just like…
"Steve, calm down, I'm sure that Peter is sorry, he is just excited to see his friend is that right, Pete?" Tony asked as he turned to the small boy, getting a nod from him and the infamous puppy dog eyes. "See, he just missed his friend!" Tony blinked his eyelash at Steve causing the Alpha to roll his eyes and mutter something about partners in crime sort of thing until they arrived toward the car.
Needless to say, Thanos and his army were destroyed before the rest of the Avengers arrived; leaving Steve and Tony laughing madly as they made the alien scream for mercy as they tortured him publicly before throwing him into their shark tank (Which now housed sixty sharks thanks to Steve's obsession with those creatures) after they left him tied upside down in Peter's web with the venomous spiders (Peter's obsession and friends) On another lighter note, that day…
"Y-yes! If you let me go and never hurt me I will give you the list of every person who hurt Tony and made him cry!" Bruce said in one breath, desperately hoping that Steve will let go of him and accept this humble barging, because other than the name of the bastards that hurt Tony, Bruce has nothing to trade Steve for his safety.
?" Tony narrows his eyes, letting some of his scent lack into the air around him, which got him nothing but a scrunched nose in distaste.
What really broken him was when Pepper fell pregnant… it destroyed Tony from the inside. Day after day, he saw how Pepper was glowing, day after day; he saw how she and her mate were happy, how they didn't tell him at first because they feared for his mental health until he laughed it off and told them he was alright.
But loving Steve wasn't like they told him, loving him was like feeling warmth surrounding him, like a warm blanket around him with a cup of a hot chocolate as he gazed at the snow outside with a smile, loving Steve was like returning home, after being away for a very, very long time…
"I am not whoever you think I am Commander Rogers, I am not the villain you painted me as!" Pepper called out when Steven was about to leave the room which made the man pause in his place and turned around to take the woman in, taking in her fierce glare as she gazed at the man with fear hidden in her eyes.
"The pup is going to be fine, he is Tony's son, and if I know Tony, and I like to think I do, the pup wouldn't leave this world without putting the biggest fight you will witness," Jarvis said softly putting his hand on Steve's shoulder, making the Alpha looks up at the old man and give a tired smile.
The next morning was the same as the one before it, waking up exhausted and drained; even when Tony realized that he hadn’t gone to sleep but the stress made him pass out, last night's events still dancing in his head, numbing him to the bones, leaving him a jittery mess in the aftermath. Tony wondered in the back of his mind if he was losing his mind if what he saw was a trick or a hallucination he dreamed, but he knew one thing, the horror he felt was real, no matter what the circumstances were.
Something in Steve snapped at that sight and before he knew it, he pushed one of the paramedics away and took the child in his arms, holding him close to his chest, which made the pup calm down and start crying holding into Steve tightly. "Sir, please, we need to do our jobs." The Beta said looking at Steve with an understanding look, it made Steve swallow at that and look at the pup, who tried to hide his face in Steve's neck.
"He will hurt you…" Bucky whispered before taking a step toward Steve, his words causing Steve to frown and look away from Bucky. "He will hurt you again, and again, and again, that's all Tony is good for, that's the
A pained whisper from a month ago echoed back with the same whisper two months ago. What about the creature though? The creature too has nowhere to go, no family to go to, no friends unless you counted the humans living in the town for years and years, but were they really his friends when the only things they did was sticking their noses in everything he does and disapprove of his ways of dealing with things?
There was some shuffling behind him, which made Steve frown, but still, he didn't turn back to see who it was, content with gazing at the stars and space (His home) and think about what happened in the workshop with Tony. Idiot Tony, he was always an idiot, ever since Steve gazed at him the first time in his life, and idiot with a big heart, that always lead him to troubles.
"I… I… fuck this, I am out!" The raccoon shrieked trying to turn around planning on running away, not that Steve gave the raccoon a chance because as soon as the rodent's back was to him, Steve made sure to pick him up by his jacket before he managed to run away. "Let me go! Let me go you crazy motherfucker!" The rodent snapped which caused Steve's anger to increase, especially when the raccoon continued to cuss in front of Peter.
"You weren't in the DIY section," Maria stated walking to where Tony was sitting on the floor with Morgan in his lap surrounded by kids' books of all ages. "And you didn't respond when I called your name the last three times." Maria looked around frowning when she noticed that they were in the kids' section. "When did you arrive here?" She asked turning her sight to Tony who shushed Morgan when she babbled loudly.
Tony watched Stane like a hawk waiting for a mistake, which he did and Tony sized. With a miracle, he was able to size the gun and also land a hit on the Alpha… he didn't count on his minions being outside…
"Oh, my God, what the hell happened? One second you were opening the closet and the next you tripped and the door was slammed shut!" Rhodey was breathing hard as he looked around him in fear, his eyes were wild as he looked around the place like something was going to come out and attack them any minute now.
"…The security system would be back… caught the other person… I don't know who he is…" Whispers continued to take over the room, and Tony recognized Bucky's voice among the people talking, Tony, though, didn't give it any second thought, being grateful to hold Steve tightly and take comfort in the Alpha's warmth as he let Steve handle everything…
Phillips watches him as he reached into the back pocket of his jeans and pulls out his wallet, which made Tony fidget but held the man's gaze, making the older man's lips twitch up at that like he wanted to smile but wouldn't. "What's your name, son?" The man asked which made Tony blink up at him, hesitating a little before giving the man a small smile in return.
"Wow, if I know you will be all fired up about me having a vacation, I would have taken one sooner." Tony murmured kissing Steve's forehead, causing the Omega to blink his eyes and look at Tony; the sleepiness leaving him as confusion took over him.
?' as he gazed at his husband with shocked eyes. "What? Did you believe that I didn't know about you and my brother getting it on? How sweet James is on you ever since he came into the house? Give me a break! You act high and mighty but you are willing to sleep with my brother when…" Whatever nonsense Tony was about to say next was cut by the harsh slap Steve gave him, making the Alpha stagger back with wide eyes.
Anton could only frown and let out an annoying sigh, wanting so much to be in his workshop at the moment and not out here in the cold autumn freezing his hide; fortune was not on his side though, for that wench of an Omega by the name Sunset took to following him wherever he went, trying to either seduce him or convince him of her twisted tale. Up until an hour ago, Anton was enjoying himself in his workshop, making beautiful daggers and accessories (Accessories that he will end up melting and using the metal for a weapon or a shield) everything was doing great, good even. That of course was, until Sunset decided to come knocking on his workshop and invite herself in, touching everything in sight as she tried to giggle and force Anton to part with a necklace or two as a gift.
Bucky Barnes, the one that Tony wanted to hate and despise, but he didn't have the heart to hate an innocent person that suffered by Hydra's hands, he read the files Edith was able to hack from Hydra, and he saw the torture videos, and if he did hate Barnes for stealing his love, after seeing those videos every hate he held for the poor Omega vanished, and turned to the source that deserves it, which was Rogers, for it was the bastard who played Tony's heart, and on top of that, he was the one who wanted to get back the relationship he always had with the still brain-damaged Omega that was once Bucky Barnes, didn't Rogers know that his mate doesn't even know the meaning of the word 'No'? And that he needed a lot of therapy and help before the two of them can be left alone in the same room or else something can trigger that poor Omega who looks more like a lifeless puppet than a person.
Steve shook a little as he tried to make sense of what he had experienced in the past hour; part of him was still in shock, while the other was shaking in fear at the events that took place not too long. Tony, his Alpha was still on the phone, screaming at police to hurry up, giving his back to Steve and Bucky as he cursed loudly. Turning toward Bucky, Steve winced when he finally noticed the injury on the Alpha's face, how did Steve not notice? Bucky's face was a bloody mess on one side; his left eye had a serious cut above it and the beginning of a bruise.
Before Steve left the apartment, he put the letter he wrote on the coffee table, as much as Steve hated it, he pleads with Anthony to come and look for him when he was back, he asked him to explain why he sent his father to tell him about who he was, Steve wrote some other stuff too, he couldn't remember them all, but he remembered that he cried while writing that letter, Steve looked at the apartment for one last time before he left and paused a little when his eyes fell on a photo, an old photo that contains Steve and Anthony, they took it on their first vacation as a couple, Anthony had taken him to the beach that day, the two of them were smiling happily while hugging each other.
The more Tony read the sicker he became and the more horrified he felt when he realized what this meant. All this time, Tony was living in a home where someone innocent was brutally murdered; all this time Peggy and Bucky talked about their best friend 'Stevie' as if he was away on a vacation and would be back when in truth he was dead for thirty years. All this time Bucky would shake his head and would tell him stories about
The sound of laughter coming from Steve made everyone jump and look at the Omega who was laughing loudly to the point of tears. "That's the funniest thing I have ever heard in years." Steve said after he regains his control looking at the Alpha with dark humor in his eyes. "This is the second time we met and you still practice that line on me, first with Anthony and now with my son? You really should find another hobby other than spending your money left and right, you know?" Steve said with mock sadness and disappointment which made Howard narrow his eyes at the Omega and putting his glass on the table. "Now after we get that out of the way, I hope for your own sanity that you didn't really believe that I will do anything you ask of me, in fact here is my answer, Fuck. Off!" Steve snarled like an angry beast, which caused Howard to wince at the loud scream, glaring at the victory he saw in the Omega's eyes. "Here how it's going to be, you staying the fuck away from me and my son because my son is many things but he is not a Stark, his father wasn't a Stark, and he will never be a Stark because Anthony Carbonell died eleven years ago and you are the one who pulled the trigger." That caused the room to fidget and look at Tony who was clenching his fists and looking at the ground, face twisted like he was in pain, Jarvis and Peggy shared a look at that looking at the Omega who stood straight and glared at Howard with no fear in his eyes. "Pray that we never cross any path again Stark, because the next time I see you, I will kill you with my bare hands." Steve said not paying Howard any attention as the Alpha stood and tried to intimidate him with his height. "Goodbye." Steve hissed as he turned away stalking toward the door wanting to go and leave this place.
"Darling, I told you I will love you for the rest of my-" Steve couldn't continue as Tony put his fingers on Steve's lips gently, shushing him.
It was noon when Jarvis brought the cake and drinks, which made Peter Wow and jump around the place, ordering Tony to hurry up when Jarvis told him that Tony is going to cut the cake, all in all, it was fun and the cake was delicious, they spent the time joking around and laughing, all the while with Peter acting like the birthday boy, which made Tony happy that his baby was all that excited and happy.
"…And, and, and now our lucky star is in our home!" Peter squeals happily, clapping his hands as he told Thor the tale of how Steven was the Stark family's lucky star, which made Tony roll his eyes fondly, Peter always loved their lucky star, he always loved that only Tony and him can see it, he always take a pride in the fact there was a star in the universe meant for only Tony and Peter; currently, Peter told the story of their lucky star to anyone who would listen, even before Steven came to live with them, he always went on and on about their lucky star, after Steven though, you can say that Peter won't stop talking about him no matter what, unless Tony tried to distract him with inventing in the workshop.
P.P.S:- Also many thanks to my friend Stingray! Without Her, this chapter would have never been written at all!
Tony who in a last-ditch attempt to fight back, managed to grape a sword from the battleground before Thanos left him off with his hand, Tony could only slash and stab the sword wildly at Thanos. However, Thanos simply tore the sword from Tony's hand and ruthlessly stabbed his lover in the abdomen with it, ending the fight. It was then that Nebula let go of him, and Steve couldn't even do anything, he could only watch with wide eyes as his lover coughed blood, shaking in Thanos' hold…
That was his answer after that Natasha was a little soft on him, he could see it in her actions, she stopped being harsh with her questions and didn't ask him that much
', in the distance, he was sure that he heard footsteps rush toward him, but Tony ignored the noises; Tony can feel his strength leaving him and he was getting heavier and heavier…
Steve raised his head to look at Bruce with a tired, so tired eyes and he sighed, and before Steve knew it he start telling Bruce everything, about what he felt when he saved Tony, about his son, about what Maria told him about what Tony did, and that even then he didn't know what to do, about Tony's nightmares and what happened next, and about what the doctors did when they entered the room, and how wrong it was seeing them pull the mother away from the pup, all of that and Bruce was listening with rapid attention, in their three hours long talk, Bruce had brought him tea from time to time, trying to comfort Steve who was going to start crying or screaming any minute now.
"I want people to know about me." Steven said which made Peggy pause for a second, but she gathered herself and followed him, entering the mansion, and headed to the library, a quiet place that the two of them will be able to talk without someone, interrupting them.
Steve swallowed a little closing his golden eyes, when he opened his eyes a few seconds later they were once again blue. "You are supposed to be smart Howard… even when I made a deal; it doesn't mean I will do it right away, would I?" Steve gave a dark smile at that, it sent a shiver down Howard's spine. "I got what I want from him… he, on the other hand, the papers he signed get lost…" Steve hummed ripping the file in his hands to pieces. The sound of phone ringing made Steve pause and thrust the ripped file toward Howard's chest, and took the phone from his pocket. "…Jarvis? Oh, I am coming…. Thank you." Steve hummed as he ends the call and went outside leaving Howard staring at Steve's back.
"Oh, what's wrong? It's just a cat." Tony said as he went and picked up the cat with a happy look on his face, that cause his Mom to nearly screaming her head off as she starts ordering him to put the cat down in hysteria fill voice.
"It's my fault, Mama…" Peter who was standing quietly this whole time finally spoke, causing Tony to turn toward the boy who was looking at the ground with trembling lips. "Harley was drinking some water and I pumped into him and then… and then the glass broke and I… I am sorry…" Peter said, tears finally sliding down his face, causing Tony to sigh and wonder what he was going to do… Peter was obviously lying about pumping into Harley, considering that he was far away from the boy, and Harley on the other hand no doubt was terrified of what Tony would do if he knew he accidentally broke the glass… if only Steve was here, he would have known how to salvage the situation.
"God fucking dammit, baby; you feel amazing, sweetheart." Tony ground out through his teeth, trying to keep himself calm. Taking a few minutes to calm down before he starts moving his hips to thrust into Steve's tight wet heat.
It should have been one-time-only, but that didn't stop him from looking at Midgard every chance he had hoping to see the man once more, Sara seemed to have caught on what he was doing and why, and the older star only looked at him with sadness and some sort of understanding. "Just be careful, darling, do not get too attached or you will get your heart broken." That was her words to him and he could only nod at that with a small smile.
Steve won’t lie, the place was actually amazing on the inside with how modern and out of the world the technology there was, and Peter was doing well here, it stopped the night terrors from being as severe as they would have been if they stayed in the same place that the painful event happened in; Steve though was a little bitter that he was forced to leave Erskine’s house, his house, and Peter’s home since he was a babe, he was forced to run away with his tail between his legs and stay in this tower like a princess waiting for her knight in shining armor, a knight that Steve hasn’t seen much off since he moved here.
OK, so Tony couldn't help but feel bad about what happened to S.H.I.E.L.D. because of Steve and his mother, after all, those two crazy Addams were responsible for the downfall of the most secretive and strong organization of all time. Hell, even when Hydra was on the loose S.H.I.E.L.D. managed to survive; it even managed to survive the Winter Soldier fiasco. Tony never thought he would witness the day that the thorn in his side would be destroyed, by his husband-to-be and his mother-in-law no less.
Bucky collapsed on him when Steven finished giving his order, it will provide Steven time, time to wipe out all of Hydra while Bucky sleeps the worst of the drug. Using his strength Steven snapped the chain that bound his hands to the wall, rising with Bucky in his arms, butting him in the corner of the room where there was a small bunk. Making certain that Bucky was secure, Steven closed his eyes, drawing a deep breath and letting go of whatever control he had, unleashing the beast inside of him that demanded to crush and slay, something that he never did for years and years; the dread inside of him picked up every time the darkness inside of him draw closer and closer to being out, what took place decades ago still echoing in his mind, and Steven feared that there was no going back this time when there was no Tony to yank him out, Steven though, he will wait, and hopefully count on the Avengers to find him in time. When Steven opens his eyes, they were crimson, a mad grin taking over his face as he stared around the place. His eyes fell on Bucky for a second before moving to the bars…
His mother said in delight, making Steve look down at his hands with a sad frown, wondering how he was going to tell his mother that no, he was not in love with Bucky like how his mother had hoped for all these years, but he was in love with a normal human who hates him. "He is not Bucky, Ma, he is normal…" Steve finally said, hearing shocked gasps from his family making him grimace, taking hold of the knife near him, and start throwing his combat knife and catch it in midair.
"It's OK." Steve said as he leaned to kiss the man on the cheek. "I understand, now go and help, the Avengers are waiting." These words made a smile take over Tony's face as he kissed his Omega once more and rushed to the front door, waving goodbye to Peter as the boy skipped inside the house with May in tow the two of them looking at Tony with wide eyes when the Iron Man suit flow toward him and surrounded him not a few seconds later, and then the man was flying up in the sky…The amazed eyes of his son were worth the flashy leave…
Two other weeks passed before Steven recovered completely, though, he may have recovered in his body, but his mind starts to get annoyed with the many 'Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde' comments that all the Avengers took it on themselves to shower him with thanks to one Tony Stark. On the plus side, Steven only smiles and roll his eyes, on the not so plus side, he spent his time glaring at Rogers who was avoiding both Peggy and Steven, spending all of his days in his room with Bucky Barnes.
"But you were married for decades! How is that even possible?" Tony asked with wide eyes not believing the man, wondering how a relationship can be healthy if there wasn't even a sexual contact in it.
After searching for so long, Tony finally found him, he finally found Steve, in Central Park among all the people, Tony wanted to rush to him but he couldn't do anything other than wait for his love to be alone, he doesn't want his first meeting with his mate after so long to be recorded by cameras, standing near the Omega, Tony could do nothing but shake, his love was beautiful as always, but he was so tired, he was so thin and had bags under his eyes, but the thing that Tony noticed the most was how his hips were wider than before, a sign that Steve was pregnant, tears start falling from his eyes, the feeling of being a failure hit him more than before, he left his mate to suffer and care for their pup while he was drinking and sleeping around.
"Get the hell out of here Barnes!" Fury snapped as a vine popped on his forehead and his eyes turned murderous…
He remembered the warmth and want he felt, and when morning came and the star went to sleep, Tony nearly cried, he wanted to cry because his lucky star just left him alone in the desert without guiding him home, but to his surprise, it was only a few minutes later that Peggy, Bucky, and Rhodey found him, and Tony… Tony's legs gave up and he ended on the sandy floor, gazing at his family with wide eyes, not believing what just happened.
It took a few minutes for the raccoon to place what Peter said in words he understood, and when he did, he snarled and start cussing and hissing and threatening; Steve on the other hand couldn't help how his face darken with rage, how could an uncultured rodent swear in front of a child? His child at that! "Enough!" Steve snarled as he took a step toward the rodent, his temper rising with anger as the rodent insulted his family; he would show that idiot what would happen when someone messes with his family. "You dare to insult my family and threaten me, not only that but you also dared to attack my home," Steve growled, putting Peter down and start walking toward the raccoon, he can feel the room getting brighter and brighter the angrier Steve became, and only now did Steve realize that it was him from the start; that Steve had finally retained back his divine glow after so long. "These crimes are punished by death; do you dare to deny them?" Steve hissed as he stood over the raccoon, taking a dark pleasure when he saw him shaking with his tail between his legs.
After they read the message, Peggy made sure that her best spies were tracking the location and whose number the message was sent from. All the while Steve stood away with his hand on Howard's shoulder who was too shaken to even be of use, Peggy had taken him aside and questioned him about the singing, questioned him what he was doing, why he didn't tell them sooner? Why did he always spent his time in Tony's room but never with them? That, Yes, they all know where Steve disappears to but didn't have the heart to stop him, that they all knew that Steve had fixed Dum-E a test that even Howard couldn't do because he doesn't have the heart to do, they asked him why he was pushing them aside…
!' that Sam let out as he tried to make Natasha see reason. "Honey, there is food in the fridge, and snacks in the cabins, if you need anything just call, we would be here shortly," Natasha said, her hand running gently over Steve's covered head, causing the Omega to hum and groan once more. "I almost forget, Bucky called, he said he is going to come over, to talk about something important." Natasha's voice gets lower and lower as she left his bedroom, but Steve understood why Bucky was coming over, something about Tony and Howard fighting about Steve's stand in the family.
By the end of his sixth physical therapy session, Steve was sick and tired. He was so sick and tired of everyone around him, the nurses, the doctors, his therapists, and even Peggy; it would take only a little before Steve finally snap and rip someone's throat with his teeth. Two weeks passed since he started his therapy, and the process was still too slow to his liking; while Steve manages to move his arms in any range of motion he wanted if he moved them slowly, he still couldn't walk on his feet or use a crutch more than a few steps, which leaves Steve stuck in a wheelchair with no way to run from this nightmare.
"I think you should give us the names of the major players in Hydra we can take them all out this way." Steve said for the hundred times maybe, but Steven only groan at that and push his slightly longer hair away from his face, his younger self was a second away from having a broken jaw.
Crossing the road Tony paused when he came across a toy store that stood near his and Steve's favorite café. Tony couldn't help tilting his head when he saw a small boy looking through the window at the toys but not entering the shop; looking around hoping that he will catch the sight of the boy's parents anywhere, Tony saw no one searching frantically for a child, and no one came to collect the boy who when Tony focused on was wearing nothing but dirty clothes and a cap hiding his face, but Tony decided to hope.
"You may not know that… but I wish I knew what going to therapy meant earlier, but I spent the last year seeing a therapist hoping to prove that I'm not crazy, it's not something that you should be ashamed of, no, it only meant that you are strong for seeking help when you know you need it, don't let other people's opinions destroy the chance for recovering Tony, I know you are stronger than this…" Steve raised the Omega's head to look at him, at first the Omega didn't want to look at the Alpha, but he then let a sigh and turns to the older man.
"Tell me, traveler… what's the price you had to give for the ability to travel in time and defeat Thanos, surely your price tripled since you returned the stones alone?" Loki asked one day, which made everyone look at Loki like he was a little insane, but Steven just hummed and put his cup down looking at Loki with a humorless smile and an empty gaze.
"Because you wanted to spend the rest of the day lazing around so that you wouldn't come and practice... lazy couch potato." Steve said which made Tony pout and stick his tongue at Steve, as he walked around the Alpha with head held high, which made Peggy shook her head at the two of them, but caused Peter to giggle and snuggle into his mother…
"How old are you?" The Alpha asked with an interested tone, making the Omega huffed, though the Alpha did nothing but smirk and hide it behind his cup when he took a sip… the queen was an almost pleasant company when he wasn't screaming threats or give him sarcastic remarks that made his blood boil.
Steve still remembers how happy he felt that day, when Tony, an Alpha, just compliments him for the sake of telling him that he was beautiful, and not because he planned on getting in his pants. Reading these words once more made longing envelope Steve; it had been such a long time since Tony and Steve had a time for themselves.
It took three months before Steve, Tony, and newly cured Peter (The serum had worked and healed Peter, the day when the doctor said that their baby was all healed and healthy, was the day that Steve laughed and cried in happiness) before the went to the lake house in Ireland; and just as Steve's mother descript, the house, the land, the lake, it was beautiful and breathtaking, Steve even shed a few tears when his eyes fell on the house his mother and father lived in a long time ago.
"I see," Peggy choked, and from the corner of his eye, he saw how she was clenching her fist tightly, which made Steven close his eyes. "We have a gala tonight, people from higher places want to meet you. That is why she was here…" Steven nodded at Peggy's words.
Humming to himself, Anton gave an amusing grin as he stood up, leaving the Shield on the table as he went to find the queen; it would be interesting to see Steven's reaction to seeing his Shield after all these years. Maybe the queen would stop fighting him every step of the way like they were enemies instead of allies.
"Good, it's a dull party, but all good!" Tony grinned as he raised his champagne flute, causing Steven to frown as he took the drink from the younger man. He gave a narrow look that shut Tony up when he was about to protest, which made Tony pout like five year old.
"You loved him? Tell me, Anthony, what does a child now about love? Nothing…" Howard said which made Tony take a threatening step forward which made the older Alpha contain his flinch and stand his ground.
"OK, baby, bedtime, Papa is going to stay here with us tonight with Goose, so be on your best behavior." Tony said to the pup as he put him in his bed, he saw from the corner of his eye how Goose nuzzled Steve's cheek before talking her spot on his chest and start purring when Steve lay down on the floor, which made Steve pet her and close his eyes while putting his other arm over his eyes, that made Tony bite his bottom lip as he gets in bed shutting down the lights when he gets comfortable pulling Peter in his arms, the sound of purring from Goose, with the scent of safety from Steve made Tony sleepy, and before he knew it he fell into a deep sleep…
"It was some kids who thought it will be funny to cause the town to go into an uproar; they killed a few animals and skinned them, throwing their carcasses all around the place, wrote on the walls using animal's blood, we were able to catch them and take them into custody they are spending their time with Fury for the next few months." Bucky explained, his words making Tony feel faint because this wasn't right, wasn't it? It was Ty, right? He wasn't lying, Ty was real and he attacked him!
' like what he was doing for the last hour. "What kind of Alpha does not realize he is interested in an Omega as a potential mate? What kind of fool says such hurtful words to the Omega he wanted to court? Not only did you destroy any chance you had in courting him, you practically called him a whore!" Jamti hissed, nearly pushing Anton off his horse, causing Anton to close his eyes and nod tiredly. "A whore? A whore! No wonder the queen wanted nothing to do with you! Who wanted their partner to accuse them of sleeping around and whoring themselves? To make the matter even worse, the two of you are not courting!" Jamti hissed, his words causing Anton to clench the reins in his fists.
"How are they?" Jarvis whispered as he entered the room and closed the door behind him, smiling at the sight of Steve being clung to by the Omega and pup.
"Oh well, I tried." Steve said in mock disappointment, but the smile on his face told how happy he was, as he starts unwrapping the bandages from his hands, taking the water bottles from Peggy with a smile, and giving one of them to Tony who was smiling and nodding as his son chattered his ear happily.
'Blóðörn': Or more accurately in English as the 'Blood Eagle' The blood eagle is a ritual method of execution, detailed in late skaldic poetry. According to the two instances mentioned in the Sagas, the victims were placed in a prone position, their ribs severed from the spine with a sharp tool, and their lungs pulled through the opening to create a pair of "wings". It was the cruelest and most gruesome torturing method because the person being punished was supposedly conscious when they do the cutting and getting their lungs pulled out, it was so hideous that historians questioned if such a thing existed.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, a little bit of sadness, fluffy fluff! Peter being a precious bean, hurt/comfort, and Tony is a sweetheart! With a present at the end! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
Seeing the Omega cry, was what snapped Steve out of his shock as he turned to the children with angry look, causing them to cower in fear. "Lila, Copper, please take Lucky and go to your house… I will talk with your parents later…" Steve said through gritted teeth which made the kids take their dog and rush out of the room, and as much as the Alpha knows it was wrong of him to act like that, he couldn't help it, especially when Tony starts sobbing as he took in the chowed out blanky that was dropped on the floor by the surprised puppy. "Peter… go into your room…" Steve said when the small boy starts shaking when he saw the Omega curl on himself on the floor while hugging the blanky.
"Wow, this is the first time I see you awake before the sunset, old man, what's the occasion?" Bucky's grin nonchallenged, trying to act like everything is normal and that nothing happened; a fate that Bucky played so well, especially with the charming smile he was sending Steve's way.
The faceplate opened and Tony thrust his face in Steve’s neck, and the Omega didn’t have the heart to be annoyed at his Alpha, even with all those annoying photographers and reporters taking pictures and screaming questions. Steve held into Tony tightly, letting the Alpha nuzzle his neck, Tony repeating his name over and over, tightening his grip that it took a few complaining huffs from Steve for the Alpha to realize he was hurting him. When Tony raised his eyes, Steve choked whatever noise he wanted to let out, for his mate’s eyes were completely gold, which only meant one thing; his mate was a step away from becoming feral. “Your eyes…” Steve whispered, his hands itching to touch Tony, his right-hand raising and touching Tony’s cheek gently with the tips of his fingers, fearing that he will sit his mate off.
The first time Steven struggled to open his eyes; he was greeted with cries full of alarm, what he caught before he was pricked with perhaps another needle of sedative, was the noise of a moving vehicle and the men surrounding him that was speaking in Germany, maybe Russian? He wasn't able to detect that much with merely a few flitting words his unsteady mind didn't comprehend entirely. The second time he woke up was to the same shouting, this time it was too panicked like they were noticing something that they shouldn't or they didn't do their job, but the next time he was stabbed it was with too much force than needed.
It took a few minutes for them to find a rhythm, but once they did, they moved together as if performing a choreographed dance. Each thrust was perfectly matched, their hips circling and swiveling beautifully. Even the sound of skin on skin accented by moans had a musical quality to it that made everything seem that much more sensual, more beautiful, more perfect.
"How did you know he wouldn't let go of the pup?" Peggy asked as she gazed at Steven. "Because he is Tony; I like to think that I know my husband well enough." Steven stated playfully to Peggy; though both of them were unaware of Tony who was hiding farther away from them.
Needless to say, everyone went crazy, either because Tony was going to marry the most handsome man alive (Which ended with Tony getting a lot of threatening letters ordering him to leave Steve) or because they refuse for the Merchant of Death to marry into the Addams family and increase his evilness and statue (Really? People still consider him, an evil person and ongoing arm dealer after all the times he nearly sacrificed his life protecting them?) It was madness, it was hell, and Tony had half a mind running away to the hills, leaving Steve and everyone else just to gain his sanity back.
Tony let out a sigh at the whisper of his name, nuzzling his face into Rogers's neck, finally noticing the gills that were tucked behind Rogers's ear. Whenever Tony breathes gusted across them they flutter, delicate as a moth's wing, and Rogers's shivers. When Tony pressed his mouth to them Rogers moaned a sharp, startling sound that caused Tony's breath to hitch as he threaded his fingers through Rogers's hair, combing back the stray strands of hair that covers Rogers's face.
"What are you thinking about, sweetheart?" Steve's voice snapped Tony out of his deep thoughts, causing him to blink and turn his face toward his husband, his smile turning from wistful to happy as his husband held him in his arms, running a hand over his belly.
It made Steve wonder, it made him doubt himself, it made him feel unbalanced, wondering why the change of heart all of sudden; what did Steve do that made Tony pull away from him? Was it the pregnancy? Was it Howard? Was it Bucky? What did Steve do? It left Steve nervous, it left him heart broken, it left him scared, thinking that this is it and that Tony would leave him any day now. Steve was seriously thinking about going to SI, kidnapping Tony, and taking his mate with him to couple therapy, mainly to know why his husband seemed to hate him all of sudden.
Peter opened his eyes and gave Tony a strange look that made Tony's breath hitches and a shiver to go down his spine. "S-so I can fin…d… Papa whe-n I leave." His baby said as he starts coughing hard making Tony's heart nearly stop at that.
The sound of the door opening made Tony held his breath, heart fluttering in his chest when he saw Steve open the door, the Omega paused when he saw him and he was about to open his mouth to say something, probably to sass the shit out of him, but his eyes fell on the roses, whatever reaction Tony expected Steve to have, he didn't expect the Omega's face to go blank and fury to take over the Omega's face, and if Tony concentrated, even more, he was sure the flash of fear he saw was real. "Steve…" Tony whispered which made the Omega look at him with a dark look, getting out and closing the door behind him.
"Remind me again, why did we decide to practice before going to the therapy?" Tony asked as he stood up with Peter in his arms, holding the squirming pup, lest he runs away and hurt himself while trying to get off the boxing ring, Steve knew that the question was a not one that needed an answer, but like the little shit he was, he answered it all the same.
…" Steve heard Tony murmured, probably to himself, not realizing that Steve can perfectly hear him. "
Tony was a few seconds short of screaming, he wanted to scream, and scream, and scream until his voice was gone. Tony frowns a little because he was sure that the screams he heard didn't come from inside his head, even if they were faint. Realization and panic took over him when he noticed more doctors and nurses running inside the operation room, and when the door opened he was sure that the screams he imagined hearing, were coming from this room, coming from Steve. Peggy and Bucky seemed to realize that too, as the two of them stood up with him; Peggy tried with all of her strength to stop both him and Bucky from rushing inside the room to investigate from where that screaming was coming from.
The Yoga scene's kiss was inspired by art that my friend showed to me; many thanks and kisses to the artist who draw that picture and the person who commissioned it, you are amazing!!!
"Buck." Steve acknowledged Bucky as he got out of the shadows, giving a small tired smile; Steve can feel Bucky's eyes studying him, searching for any injuries that he might sustain, or if the damage from the holy water was still there, when Bucky didn't find anything, he gave a large smile, latching into Steve right arm and pulling him alone, making Steve give an internal sigh before following his best friend, as much as he loved Bucky, he just wanted to sulk alone for now.
"Tony, if Rogers is really in love with you, then he wouldn't ask any sexual favor from you, he will love for who you are, not what you can give him…" The man stressed his words which made Tony look at him doubtfully, causing Steven to close his eyes at that. "Do you know that the number of times I had sex with my husband can be counted on both of my hands and I will still have a lot of fingers to spare?" Steven said which made Tony look at him with wide eyes.
It made everyone froze for a second, before Bruce squeak and rushed toward Tony, his tea ignored in the hope of questioning Tony about what Steven told him of the reincarnation theory; Tony couldn't help his grin from widening, his science bro was thinking just like him, if the theory was confirmed about the reincarnation, does that mean they will be able to access their past lives' memories or will they be able to relive them? So many questions needed to be answered.
"Don’t thank me… I did what anyone would have done." Steve said, his face turning pink as he gave Tony a smile. "Goodnight, Tony…" Steve offered a little smile on his face, and warmth shining in his blue eyes; Steve waved goodbye before going inside the room the smile still on his face even when he closed the door.
"Dear Lord, I feel like I'm raising a kid." Steve sighs and grumbled something about noisy teens and them always stealing his phone, he made a turn to the right hoping to reach Shield HQ faster to drop Natasha and become free!
"Yes, baby, he is your grandpa." Tony stated, a playful smile taking over his face as he winked at Howard. That action caused Howard's heart to pound uncontrollably in his chest, and he turned his gaze toward the small boy, who was watching him with wide eyes full of awe and curiosity.
Waiting… it was the most hated thing he was forced to do. Just sit here in his chair and wait… wait for a bunch of stupid sticks to decided his life forever, wait for it to tell him how much he messed up, how he was such an idiot and destroyed his life. He swallows and closes his eyes tightly praying to God that it wasn't what he thought of. It was just a stupid mistake, just a stupid party he went to because it would be the last time he will see his best friend before he left for God knows how long, his problem? He drank too much, he clouded his judgment, and end up sleeping with someone without protection. It would have been fine, after all, he wasn't in heat, and it should have been fine… it should…
What made Steven's eyes widen wasn't the face behind the mask, for Steven had known for forty years that the Winter Soldier was his best friend and brother; no, what made anger course through him was the black bruise on his jaw and the blooded mouth, the flaming hot anger nearly leashed out, and Steven felt the beast inside of him sang, calling for blood and death, and Steven's know that nothing short of the wail of anguish and suffering from his enemies will appease his desire for vengeance.
If Tony managed to hide Morgan away, he would manage to pull Howard's attention away from his baby. Tony wondered what Howard would do when he catches him, probably not something good… it was never good… but if he hides his baby, then at least there was a chance for his child to live, and if his baby lived then the chance of Bucky and Peggy finding her and taking care of her is big. "Please, please, please, please…" Tony whispered as he reached Morgan's room, managing to get inside and slam the door shut and locking it; Tony knew it was only a temporary fix, not even the reinforced door and lock could handle his father (Tony reinforced his baby's room in the fear of Rogers hurting her, if only he knew the room would be used to protect his daughter against another terrifying monster).
If Tony agreed on one thing, is that being in the police station sucks, mainly because he knows they suspect him on some level, other because as soon as they reached the station he was told to wait in the chair near the intriguing rooms, and of course he refused to let go of the pup when some knot-headed officer tried to take him, and when he tried to pull the pup from Tony by force, the kid screamed bloody murder until he was put in Tony's arms again, so here Tony was sitting on the hard plastic chair with the small pup sitting sideways in his lap snuggling into his chest holding his toy tightly.
"Up, you have work in an hour…" Steve's voice made the Omega smile and turn to the Alpha who was drying his hair, his smile caused the Alpha's eyes to soften more than already and the older man came toward him to give him a kiss on the cheek, making Tony flush pleasantly and untangled himself from the sheets kissing Steve one last time before going to the bathroom for a quick shower…
Steve scowled at the mention of Tony, he won’t even blame Bucky for mentioning the man who once again disappeared into thin air; Steve did tell Tony from the start, if he can’t handle Steve’s life, then he is more than welcome to leave, at least it was nice of him to make Peter’s wish of meeting Iron Man come true. “I don’t know, I don’t care, if you see him though, tell him that the next time I see him, I’m going to kill him.” Steve stated darkly as he reached his and Peter’s room, ignoring how Bucky narrows his eyes.
The room became silent after that, Maria was trying hard to hold into her tears at what she was told; how she was so blind that she didn't notice what took a place in her son's life? Peggy was looking on the floor, going over the possibility of succession if she sends her spies to find the Omega, looking at Bucky who was glaring at the ground clenching his fists, she knows how this Omega was important to him, after all when she went to recruit the Alpha and thanking him for saving her nephew, the Alpha made sure to inform her that the only reason he accepts her offer was because of him searching for his best friend who disappeared mysteriously eleven years ago…
When the suit was in its place Tony turned to look at Pepper with a dark look on his face, it made everyone take a step back at the rage and hate in the Alpha's eyes, this was the first time anyone saw Tony act like this. "The bastard who destroyed my life…" Tony hissed and the mask was snapped in its place, then Tony flow out of the room, making Pepper squeak as rocks start falling.
"Get out." Tony finally gathered enough courage to choke out, trying to stop shaking when Obadiah frowns darkly at him. "Get the fuck out!" Tony screamed, his heart pounding like a crazy bird in his chest.
Steven even if he didn't answer, he just walked to the desk and took the stick before giving it to Peggy, the Alpha only needed a few seconds for it to click in her head, and when it did she let out a shriek and nearly ran out of the workshop to finish what Steven started, but Steven put a hand on her shoulder and pointed to Tony, which made the Omega gulp, already feeling like death was approaching him…
"Anthony Carbonell." Hearing that name made Tony sick, made his voice vanish, so he just raised his hand and stood up, following the nurse that called him. "Wait in her Mr. Carbonell. Dr. Cho will be with you any minute now." Said the woman after leading him to set on the chair when his legs couldn't support him anymore, Tony swallow at that and nods his head feeling like he was going to be sick any minute now.
The first thing Steve was aware of as he woke up was the sound of piano playing in the background, it made Steve relax a little and smile, when was the last time he heard the sound of piano? It was too long, Steve can say, he used to play piano for Tony, his husband had loved hearing him play, especially when the first time Steve played the piano was on their one-year anniversary, but after his husband got sick… the sound of the piano always made him annoyed and some times he panic, sometimes it made him sad, so Steve ends up backing his piano and stores it in one of the storages room in the Avengers HQ.
"I'm keeping it," Tony said making Pepper look at him with various emotions in her eyes, she couldn't believe her ears. "I'm keeping it Pepper, Alpha or no Alpha this is my baby." Pepper let out a happy sob at that and went to hug Tony tightly.
It seems that Steve not answering made the hopeful smile on the boy's face fell, but the doorbell ringing made the boy run to open the door, leaving Steve to regain his barriers, he stood up from his place and went to the door when he heard Peter squealing happily when he saw his friends and their parents in the doorway, Steve just past a smile on his face and went to greet the guests, hoping that nothing wrong was showing on his face.
"Whatever you tell yourself at night Howard." Maria ends up saying as she looked at her hand giving a mocking smile to the Alpha. "You know, I always asked myself why? What did I do wrong for you to hate me and Tony, and I was an idiot… I blamed myself so much that I ignored our son when he needed me the most, I was obvious to his suffering, drinking, partying, sleeping around, I thought he was just getting tired and this was his own way to rebel against you, I should have known, you are Howard Stark and nothing, nothing is perfect to you even your own family…" Maria stood up looking at Howard with a sad smile causing the Alpha to shift in his seat and stand up looking at Maria. "Here we are again, me trying to fix your mistakes once more… but the thing is, I can't do this anymore Howard… I am sorry." Maria said as she took off her band from her ring finger and sits it on the table before turning around and walked away ignoring Howard's calls.
"Tony, please stop! Tony, calm down!" Steve pled with the Omega, fear taking hold of him when they reached the kitchen, and that made the Alpha fasten his footsteps despite not wanting to run and scare the Omega into an even worse place than he already was. Reaching the kitchen, Steve held his breath when he saw Tony with a sharp knife in his hand, looking at the Alpha with wild eyes, daring him to disobey. "T-Tony… please put the knife down…" Steve said slowly as he put his Shield on the ground in hope of not scaring the Omega and thrusting him over the edge more than he already was.
It was a shock; that's the only thing Tony can relate to without having his mind blown over by the complicated aspect of Steven being his lucky star. It was crazy, so, so crazy; who would have ever thought that the star that Tony and Peter adored with all of their hearts turned out to be Steven, the fallen star who hated Tony the moment he saw him and wasn't that heartbreaking? Tony was used to people hating him on sight for many different reasons, that's why he trusted no one but his small family and friends, that's why he locked himself away most of the time, but for the star, he adored for years to hate him on sight? That left a sore spot in Tony's already damaged heart.
"Why don't you draw Mama, Peter? When he returns from work, you can show him what an amazing job you did!" Steve tried to say while pasting a happy smile on his face, feeling anything but happy at the moment. Still, he was trying to distract the small pup that has been sitting near the window for days now, waiting for Tony to show up, rotating from waiting near Tony's lab and going to sit in the living room to gaze outside at the gardens.
It was stupid… so, so stupid to feel like this… this unbalanced over an Omega… an Omega, Anton did nothing but fought with and made fun of or humiliated in some way. A growl left Anton's throat, as he made sure to pick up his sword, hoping that leaving the village for a day would calm his racing thoughts and would stop him from trying to kill everyone that came to talk with him some way or another. A day away from the village would surely help clear his mind and thoughts; the prey he would catch would even make good salted meat for the Winter solstice, not a few fortnights from now... Anton bet that this 'Daniel' couldn't even catch his dinner without tripping and demanding the Omega's help.
Steven asked as he walked next to the bars looking at the cells that the servants were thrown into, trying to see his friends' faces hoping that they are fine, that they weren't hurt bad, now Steven can only hope to master a good enough plan to be able to free his people from slavery… it made him shiver at the dark fate that is going to wait for them if Steven's plan didn't work… he wondered if the Iron King will be easy to seduce, because other than his body, Steven has nothing to offer to the man.
Harley snapped out of his fantasy when he saw a taxi stop in front of their house, making Harley's heart pound in his chest at the thought that Mr. Steve was finally back home. Harley was about to call Peter and tell him about Mr. Steve being back, but he stopped in his place when he saw a strange woman get out of the car, making him blink and lean toward the window, trying to see the woman clearly.
"You know damn well Sir, that taking pictures in this clinic if forbidden and that you will get sue, and this is not the first time I saw you here." Steve snapped at the man, looking through the films and frowning all the while at the kind of photos he saw. "Take him to the police station, and search him well, confiscate all of his possessions, and burn this damn film!" Steve ordered as he gave the film to the female agent when she nodded her head, everyone wince as the Beta reporter was dragged away cursing and threating that he will sue them, which only caused Steve to roll his eyes at that and nod his head to the nurses which made them return back to their work.
When he finally managed to contain himself Tony turned toward Steve, only to see the man gazing at the little boy like he was a gift sent from the Gods, Sparkles were in his eyes and his face was stretched into a wide and creepy grin. "He… is… perfect!" Steve called out, a mad laugh leaving his lips as he picked the baby from Tony's arms, causing the baby to squeak and gurgle as Steve spin him around before bringing him to his chest for cuddles. "I am so sorry for thinking that you were a boring normal when you weren't!" Steve cooed to the baby getting giggles coos in return; the sickly sweet sight caused Tony to grin happily, letting out a sigh as he imagined what the future would be like raising a humanoid spider baby (Well, it was way cooler than vampires, they are too boring and common for Tony's taste, he bet no one had a spider baby before he and Steve got their hands on one.)
Ever since what happened two weeks ago, not only Steve and his life was in an uproar, but his friends and part of the world too; ever since that day, he and Peter moved on in the Avengers tower, not only for their safety but because his mate and best friend dragged him and Peter here, without giving him a say in the matter, only allowing him a few minutes to pack what he and Peter needed before they were rushed to the tower, where they are staying with the rest of the Avengers team.
"Is very yummy, thank you, Mr. Stark!" Harley said after he finished his waffles, his eyes automatically going to the cheesecake a waitress put on the table near them, and he gulps, causing Tony to bite his lower lip to stop it from trembling. His phone felt like a brick pulling him down, making him try to hold his screams as he waited for a letter from Betty, waiting for her response and hoping that all this was just a misunderstanding and that Harley hadn't run away.
"Actually, he is the boss from the start." Tony said which made Bucky whistle at that, looking at Tony with a knowing look, as he nodded his head when everyone looked at Bucky for confirmation. "Which is why I didn't go and pummel Howard to death at this moment, knowing Steve he broke him completely." Tony said as he glared at Howard who was hissing when Jarvis pulled at his broken nose harsher then it takes to reset it.
The screams of pain that greeted Tony when he reached Steve's room; made terror and fear take hold of him and the Alpha could only run to the room, slamming through the door. So many fearful thoughts took hold of Tony's mind; from his mate being attacked by Hydra once more, to him finally losing to the poison and have his body burn from the inside out, which was so scary that Tony nearly chock on his breath.
people truly were, forcing Omegas from all kind to be nothing but pets, dressing up only in dresses and acting only in one way, never raising their heads, and accepting Alphas' wondering hands without a word or a pip of refusal, his people respected Omegas as bringers of life, they never forced them to act all feminine, only to act as themselves… it made him wonder if the Hydra king wants his death to be sooner than later.
The AI's clipped voice made everyone flinch as they looked at Bucky who stepped inside the lab once the door opened, stepping inside, the door was closed behind him fast which made Bucky feel a little bit of claustrophobic, but the Alpha marched on hoping to see Stark. When he saw the other Alpha, Bucky was divided between feeling pity for the man with bloodshot eyes that was sitting on the floor in his rumpled suit or anger for what Howard did to Steve and his pup and to an extend Tony.
Tony's lips twitch up at that, and Steve could see how misty Tony's eyes were, they both were trying to hold their tears back. "Even Dead… I'm The Hero." Tony said making Steve let out a laugh that turned into a sob.
"Let's go, the doctors are waiting…" Steve said which made Tony's smile falter a little before it returns and he chatters with Peter for a little while before opening the backseat's door and putting Peter in the car, saying something that made Peter giggle before fastening the seatbelt, and opened the passenger's door for Steve with a hopeful smile, making the Omega shake his head and sigh, but he got inside of the car, ignoring the radiating smile on Tony's face as he fastened the belt, and Steve couldn't help his lips from twitching up when Tony was acting like a puppy who wanted to please.
"Oh my! Look at my baby, already working to save his husband's reputation!" Serpentine cooed as she appeared in front of them, giggling as Steve publically tormented Hammer on national TV, the site behind Hammer was full of people screaming bloody murder and running around the place like headless chickens, trying to stay far away from Hammer and Steve who seemed bent on killing the idiot who decided to insult Tony; though there were those brave souls who took it as their chance and start asking Hammer question after question ordering the man to answer them… which he did, if he didn't want Steve to cut his fingers off.
"Oh…" Steve can only let out a breath, his face turning hotter by the second as a blush taking over his whole body. It had been years since Steve heard these words; these words were the stupid but endearing pickup line his husband use the first time they met. Steve couldn't believe his eyes, couldn't believe that Tony still remembered (And of course it was Tony! Only his husband knows about these special words that Tony whispered to him the day they met), even when he seemed distant and uncaring ever since he started working extra hours in S.I.
This would continue until Tony finished his work and go to prepare dinner, or until the kids come knocking on the workshop's door, wanting to be let in, either snoop and play (Again, Peter) or to learn and ask many questions that Tony was happy to answer (Harley, which seemed to be a little genius in the making) it's only after dinner that everyone finally calms down, either playing or watching movies before Steve finally call them, which the four of them would spend the next half hour talking with Steve and telling each other about their day. Their days always ended with Steve telling them
Tony though, let out an enraged scream as he took after Howard, planning on killing him in this place; he was going to kill them and get rid of the headache that dominated him for the past two hours… to think that Tony hoped his parents would accept him back, who was he kidding? Those two deserve to die! Steve should have killed them when he had the chance, but he didn't, but that's OK, it just meant that Tony had to finish the mission his stupid husband-to-be couldn't seventeen years ago.
Tony jumped in his place, glaring at the doctor when Bruce didn't warn him about the cold and slimy sensation, even after months, Tony will never get used to this part of the appointment. "So doc, tell me what's going on?" Tony joke nervously as he gazed at the screen, waiting for Bruce to tell him the good news.
"Why don't you look at that?" Tony coos which only made Peter puff his small chest in pride as he inspects his work, the two of them spent the day in the lab after Tony made a big breakfast for Peter and himself, if the Omega was true to himself, he will say that he enjoyed his day with the small pup, the two of them had decided to build an engine for one of Tony's old car, trying to improve it, the time was spent with Tony teaching the pup the do and don't, smiling in pride when the pup focused at every word Tony said, trying to write the notes Tony gave in a small sketchbook that the pup brought with him.
Whatever Peggy Carter wanted to say next was cut off by the sound of small footsteps running toward them, causing Tony to tense at the thought of Peter and Harley returning; Tony doesn't know what Peter's reaction to seeing his biological mother would be like, but Tony hoped to avoid a relapse after all these years of Peter doing fine. "Tony…" Harley's voice made Tony turn fast to the boy, fearing that Peter was with him, when he saw that Peter wasn't here, Tony couldn't help but relax a little bit, ignoring the fuming woman beside him. "Come on, we need to go…" Harley said causing Tony's eyebrows to furrow when Harley stood beside Tony trying to pull him toward Clint's house.
Clint heard a voice saying this word, he turned to the side only to choke on his scream as he saw Natasha holding her head with the same horror expression on her face that he was sure was mirrored by his, Nat moved his head toward Clint and a sudden smirk took over her hideous face.
A shadow from the corner of his eyes made the blond man blink at that tiredly and turn toward what he thought was a person, only to be stumped when he noticed that he has walked unconsciously into an abandoned part of their huge house… it was not as abandoned as Steve always complained to Tony about, but it was a place for the guests that will come to visit him and his husband, and most of the time Steven never came here unless he has something to do.
"Who wants an ice-cream?" Steve asked with a mischievous smile, causing Tony to narrow his eyes at the sparkling look in his Alpha's eyes; Steve's question was answered with an excited chirp (Peter) and a shy raise of hand (Harley). "OK, come on Pete, I can't carry all the ice-cream alone." Steve smiled, pulling Peter away before the boy can even give a sound of protest at his father's words.
" Hearing that made Steven pale and a choked gasp to leave him which made a man with a shoulder-length dark hair and green eyes look at him with narrow eyes, and he whispered something to the redhead which made her frown.
The voice whispered once more and Steve swallowed, his eyes narrowed and his posture filled with determination… he knew what to do… "Stop!" Steve's harsh voice resonate across the battlefield, the Space Stone gave him enough power to manage standing on his legs without shaking from how exhausted he was; Steve's order was met with Thanos narrowing his eyes, taking in Steve who was walking toward him. "You won." Steve gritted throw his teeth, ignoring Tony who was pleading with him to leave, to run, to go away from here. "Spear his life, and I will be your bride; he won't stand in your way anymore." Steve stopped in his place, a few feet away from Tony and Thanos, Steve desperately tried not to turn his eyes to Tony, he just continued glaring at Thanos, ordering him silently to let go of his lover.
What if Tony managed to answer Steven Rogers's question? What if he managed to say 'No, I am not' before Rogers was dragged away to be killed, would Rogers return back as the creature he was? Or would he move on and go to the afterlife? So many questions, and so many answers, the big problem though, Tony doesn't know the right answer that would abase everyone.
"I'm sorry…" Maria ended apologizing, but she didn't know for what she apologized, for what Howard had done? Or for her for not noticing anything and going on with her life as nothing else mattered, she didn't know, and the Omega seemed to know that too because he just nodded his head and guide her to the living room, giving her an out even when she didn't deserve it. "My name is…" She couldn't even say her name, she didn't know what the Omega will do hearing it, but the Omega just looked at her with a smile.
"Why Tony, a little bird by the name Ty told me about you." Hearing that name made Tony freeze in shock and denial only the push of Stane's gun made him stumble but continue his way. "Told me about this strange town and how it was ruled by Barnes and Carter, whose word are law; he told me about the stranger who came months ago seeking refuge and how Barnes and Carter took a liking to him. If you had stayed home like a good little lamb you would have realized that money can and will buy everything, even information." Stane snorted at him as he pushed him forward making Tony stumble in his steps and nearly fall.
Tony counted from ten to zero, taking deep breathes to calm himself down; when that didn't work, Tony growled and looked down, grinning darkly when he saw one of Steve's doll sitting on the floor looking up at him. The doll was cute with its blond hair and blue button eyes. Tony though; he wasn't charmed, he accepted the doll as a substituted for Steve, and he starts stumping the doll with all the rage bottled up inside his body, ignoring how the poor thing squeaked and tried to run away.
"No, baby, no, that's not true," Tony whispered, looking at Steve who stood up and came beside them, crooning softly as he pulled both Tony and Harley into his arms. "You are our baby, sweetheart, why would you think something nasty like that?" Tony murmured, kissing Harley's forehead, causing the boy to whine as he held Tony tightly.
"If you feel like this, why don't you make it official by adopting me?" She asked with a smirk popping her gum, making Steve throw her a nasty look.
Everything was good, Steven was flying alone in the space brooding in peace like what he had been doing for nearly two thousand years and a half ever since he met Anton, and he was not ashamed of admitting that he was brooding, after all, he was known for being the broodiest star out there, 'Salty' Sarah always says. It was maybe two years in his travel that he turned his head when he saw something fly toward him at lightning speed shining ominously, Steven's eyes widen at that as he tried to avoid whatever this was, only for it to track him down no matter where he went, he shouted in pain and surprise as whatever the hell that was slammed into his chest, he shrieked as something wrapped around his neck and was pulling him down, and like a weight being placed on him he was falling, the last thing he remembered was slamming into something when he fell, causing both of them to crash into the ground…
Peggy sniffed when she heard Steven's words muttering her apologies to the man making him give a tired smile at that. "It's OK Peggy, just never think about it like that again…" Steven whispered which made the woman nod her head and pull herself out of Steven's hug to wipe away her tears. "Hey, Peggy, you said that Tony was twenty, how is that even possible? Wasn't he born in 1970? And what about his parents?" Steven asks which made the woman take a deep breath trying to calm herself lest she did something she regrets, Steven's words made the woman blink as she shook her head trying to regain her thoughts.
The next time Steve woke up was to the sound of chattering in the background, he sighs through his nose in annoyance, he was tired and he wanted to sleep, something he didn't feel like in years and years since he took the serum, it ends with Steve opening his eyes to tell the person who was talking on top of him to shut up but when he opened his eyes the words he wanted to say left him as he saw Bruce and Tony talking to each other, and Natasha was standing with Peggy listening to Thor who was trying to explain something to them, Clint was there too, playing with an apple in his hand.
Today, his mother forced him to attend one of her charity work, for sick kids with leukemia or some other type of cancer his mother work with these days, it ends with Tony walking around the ball he was in with a tight smile on his lips that only soften when he sees the children with their parents waving at Tony, the Alpha took pictures with the children and talked with their parents.
It ends up with Tony finally accepting his friends' help. It ends up with Winnie coming to his home with Clint one day, to help cleaning his house, it ends up with them entering the house only to see Tony cleaning the house from top to bottom, emptying the alcohol bottles in the sink, it ends up with Clint hugging him tightly and Winnie crying in happiness.
The only sound accompanies his sobs were the laughter that Ty was letting out, ignoring the pleas and whimpers Tony producing mix with his sobs. "I think that it's only fair I take something from you, considering that it was your fault I was thrown out of here, don't worry though, I will make sure that we will enjoy our precious time thoroughly before your time come." Ty grin, ignoring the tears painting Tony's cheeks when he leaned down to give him a mocking kiss on the cheek, which did nothing but making Tony choke on his sobs, shaking uncontrollably, wondering if he will pass out from the lack of air.
…" Rogers ordered him, and this time, Tony didn't dare to fight his command, his body was already shutting down, knowing what was going to happen but was not willing to stay and witness it…
"Hi, Maria, how are you?" Tony greeted the woman when he entered the library and saw Maria humming as she read her book. At the call of her name, Maria raised her head and frowned when she saw Tony entering the library; admit Tony never entered the library until now. Maria Hill, if memory didn't fail Tony she was Natasha's friend, which meant that his visit to the library would not only be monitor but everyone from Natasha to Fury, to Peggy and Bucky, would learn about him being here… talk about being subtle.
which they would have broken the uncomfortable silence, hell even his dad would have said something years and years ago and it would have doubtlessly been
The next time he woke up, his head was killing him more than before, but thankfully the pain in his body seemed to be less than the first time he woke up. Steve let out a distressed whine, his breath was picking up as he remembered that his baby wasn't with him… Morgan wasn't with him!
They walked for a few more minutes, with Tony thinking about upgrading his armor to withstand the Addams' creepiness, and Steve… well, Steve was probably thinking about creepy stuff and the souls he will torture next. "If I… if I stopped doing the torture in front of you and did it behind you without you witnessing it, will you allow me to court you?" Tony blinked and turned around to gaze at Steve who was giving him a hopeful look.
