“Alright, I can only take so much of this on an empty stomach,” Dean mutters. He picks his keys up off the table. “There’s gotta be a burger joint nearby, right? I’ll go grab us some grub. Will the kid want anything?”
Dean’s blushing again, when Theresa hauls him up onto the bench with her, but he’s beaming with pride and preening under the claps and cheers of his friends and family. Cas celebrates the loudest out of all of them.
“But if there’s ever a moment where it even
“Yes,” Cas agrees. “It was very shitty of me. I’m sorry.”
That is who you are. You're the most caring man on Earth. You are the most selfless,
Sam nods absentmindedly. He frowns as he says, “And the new prophet is a kid?”
Dean hangs up without another word, and tosses the phone onto his bed. He pushes himself up out of the chair he’d been sitting in and goes to the sink to splash some cold water against his face. It helps, for a second, to clear his mind. With the water still running, Dean gives himself a minute to try and calm the thrumming underneath his skin—the fight-or-flight impulse that had been buried underneath his grief until the second he’d caught sight of Sam again. He grips the counter like it’s the only thing that’ll steady him.
The garage door opens when Dean’s squatted down in front of the rug, tracing the demon trap with his finger, and Dean panics, straightening immediately and instinctively reaching for the knife in his jacket pocket. There’s some quiet shuffling from the part of the kitchen that’s out of Dean’s line of sight, and a small, almost familiar cough. Dean freezes.
They both tense up, as they drive past Stull. Dean’s shamefully relieved that he’s not the only one terrified to drive past that place.
“There’s a worm here,” she says, wrinkling her noise.
Cas had caught a cold, the second week of his humanity, bouncing around from shelters to underpasses to the backseat of an unlocked car in a scrapyard. His body had ached and his nose wouldn’t stop running no matter how many times he wiped it and no amount of water had soothed his sore throat. Eventually a volunteer at one shelter had noticed his red nose and watery eyes and had handed him an unopened box of cold medication and treated him to a little extra soup.
Dean just hums at that.
Time bleeds together in a place like this, muddled with the ups and downs of losing Sam and reuniting with Jack, of getting Sam back, of watching Jack fall susceptible to Lucifer’s lies. There’s another fight they have to survive. Cas thinks there will always be another fight.
“Ah,” Cas murmurs. He catches it just a moment too late. “You said ‘we’.”
Cas lets out a measured breath. “Let’s hope we don’t have to find out.”
“You look sad,” she tells him, later. Dean’s not sure how much time has passed but the sky is completely dark now and there’s a bag in the entryway that wasn’t there before. Dean figures it’s Ben’s, since there’s a baseball bat sticking out of one of the pockets. He wonders how he missed that.
It gets the intended reaction. Dean snorts around a laugh and mutters, “That’s rich, coming from you.”
It’s quiet in the cab of the Impala as Dean drives the rest of his family toward their inevitable end. The mixtape he’d made for Cas is sitting in the tape deck taunting him. He doesn’t know
“Just,” Dean pants. He’s supporting the weight of both of them, Castiel curling into him as though the proximity alone would be enough to quiet his head. “Don’t come in the kitchen, okay? There’s glass, and. Water. Everywhere. Cas, can you tell me what’s wrong?”
“He’ll ask if he needs help,” Cas says finally.
Dean has become very good at learning how to cook when there’s a half-asleep former angel of the Lord plastered to his back, and he only huffs out a laugh when Cas places himself there this morning. He wraps his arms around Dean’s middle and sighs into his shirt. “Someone’s real touchy today. And after refusing to kiss me this morning, too. Sheesh, you think you know a guy.”
“What’s wrong?” she asks as she climbs into the backseat. Once she’s in, Dean peels out of the high school parking lot as fast as he can, ignoring the look of disdain Cas shoots his way. Damn, it feels good to put pedal to the metal after sitting in that damn line for so long.
“What?” Dean blurts out.
“I couldn’t,” he murmurs. The admission feels like a slap across his own face, but Dean just pulls him closer again when he tries to recoil. They don’t let go of one another. “I couldn’t. But something happened, something… Big.”
Sam’s silent when Dean makes the turn, but his shoulders set and his expression softens and Dean knows he’s made the right call. He drives through the town, past the hotel where he’d reunited with his brother for the first time after
Cas looks away from the window, too. He’s trying to remember to let go of the things that aren’t his to carry.
It’s amazing, how after twelve years and countless resurrections, one simple human can still surprise him so much.
“Sure,” Sam says with a dumb, smug nod. He huffs a laugh out as Dean stomps away childishly, and it’s only when Dean is pushing open his own bedroom door that he hears Sam add quietly, “Goodnight, Dean.”
Sam mutters something about needing a shower, the second they get into the motel room, and half a minute later Dean hears the door click shut and the sound of the water starting up. He sits on the edge of his bed and stares at his hands until he can’t even see the shape of them anymore. He doesn’t know what to do with them, now. He wants to curl it into a fist and start swinging. He wants to put a hammer in it and take down another wall back at home. He wants to pull Sam in for another hug, like this one will make up for the last ten months, and he wants to drive home and ruffle Claire’s hair when he walks in the door and he wants to use his hands to make his family dinner like he always does.
is what Dean had been most afraid of, every time he thought of settling down. The idea of a routine and a life that didn’t change from day to day. He thought he was better suited for the adventure, for the drive, for a different city every week and nothing attached to his name. But as much as he’s used to this now, there’s nothing mundane about this life. It’s not the suffocating routine he’d been so goddamn afraid of for so many years. Maybe it’s Claire. Maybe it’s Cas. Fuck, it could be Colorado for all Dean knows.
intrigued by and figures out that, financially and physically, all of his renovations will be done by January. It’s a good thought.
“You don’t have to, Cas, I mean,” Dean starts, and he flinches again when he finally drops Castiel’s hand. “You don’t owe anyone a goddamn thing. You don’t owe
Cas scrubs at the scruff on his chin, looking lost in thought. It’s a strange, human motion that Dean’s never seen the guy do before, so it takes him a second to understand what he’s watching. He doesn’t like how off-put it makes him feel. “I believe it was recent. Amelia dropped Claire off at her grandmother’s then left in search of Jimmy. She wrote Claire letters, but it stopped about two months ago. I looked into it. I found a coroner’s report for a Jane Doe that matched Amelia’s description, then took a bus out to identify the body. They let me, since I look like her husband.”
The fire crackles. Whatever is inside of him is boiling over. It’s odd, he thinks, as it breaks him into pieces and scatters him throughout the air, that he can feel it at all. He’s not meant to feel anything anymore.
In Castiel’s details, there are quite a few things. A soul brighter than anything else. A handprint on a shoulder. Dying confessions, tearful reunions. The beaming smile of their son the first time they meet, and every time after that. Loyalty, no matter how blind. A faithless man finding something to believe in out of a fallen angel. The trust and forgiveness of a dear friend. Laughter around a bunker that no one ever believed could be a home. Sacrifices. Pain. And love. Oh, Castiel thinks, there was so much damned love.
“Tell me another story,” Claire murmurs.
that tries to make it’s way out, out of habit or instinct or some other dumb reason Dean doesn’t really care to deal with. Because it
“Yes,” Cas agrees. The look of recognition dawns slowly over his expression. The quickest lesson Cas has ever learned is making sure Claire knows she’s the priority. “We are attempting to lead normal lives here.”
Dean’s laugh rumbles through them both. “You talkin’ to me or the coffee?”
That makes Cas smile. “I’m certain that you did.”
So Cas does.
Dean looks away. Guilt churns in his stomach, but he has to. It’s all starting to feel like too much.
Sam huffs, and his gaze drops to the ground. “Yeah, no,” he says. “Guess that’s fair.”
The static in Dean’s ears fades and takes the warmth with it. Castiel is gone as quickly as he had arrived.
“I know,” Cas promises. He reaches out with his free hand and grasps Dean’s shoulder. It steadies them both. “I remember you walking through my memories. And even if I didn’t, I know. I’ve known for years.”
Christ. Dean had been in hell for a few months for the topside, but it had been
He’s terrified. He’s angry. And he feels like he’s being tugged in two different directions. It’s easy, right now, to say that he wants to go back home to Cas and to Claire and to the house that he made his own, to a job that treats him well and a town that knows who he is for reasons other than seeing his face slapped on some
Dean shrugs.
He changes into something that doesn’t look like it was worn during a seven hour spontaneous road trip, and he takes his gun and the demon knife out of the duffel just in case. It feels almost like old times when he slides behind the wheel of the Impala again, except for the nausea coiling in his stomach. Dean tucks both the weapons in the glove compartment and hits the road.
against his neck and it’s nice, really, to know that there’s at least someone that’s relieved he’s still around.
“So you guys were hanging out?” Claire says. She sounds far too amused. “Aww. Cute.”
Cas closes the freezer door. Sam doesn’t want to be babied, and Cas knows this. So he says deliberately, but not delicately, “Sam, are you alright?”
“Wait, what?” Dean startles. “To go where?”
Under his breath, Sam says, “Because you won’t tell me where your fucking toolbox is.” He grunts when Cas elbows him in the stomach unsubtly.
Haltingly, Dean starts to say, “Jack—”
“I can imagine,” Cas says with a nod. “I’ve set up my room for one of you, and the other can take the air mattress. Neither is the most comfortable, though I do imagine they’ll be a welcome relief compared to motel rooms.”
“Yes, ma’am,” he answers. His eyes dart to the pitcher of iced tea she’s got in her hands. “I hope I’m not interrupting.”
“Stay here,” Dean tells him. He steps forward, moving before he even really knows where he’s going, until he’s standing at the edge of the bed between Cas’s legs, and he reaches up so he can hold Cas’s face in his hands. Cas leans into the touch and closes his eyes. “Take care of Claire while I’m gone. Make sure she eats breakfast, and that her homework gets turned in. Watch the next few episodes of
Dean shakes his head. “Just looking for him. Could you give me a call, when she gets in? Or if you see him today. I’d really appreciate it.”
“You should have woken me,” he says grumpily, taking a seat on a stool. Dean just grins at him and cracks an egg into a mixing bowl. “You’re baking?”
“Dude, I’ve been telling you I’m a bad influence. Not my fault if you missed that memo.”
The Host of Heaven must prepare for the arrival of the Son of Lucifer.”
There’s nothing he can think of to say. Cas doesn’t know how to express the trepidation he feels, instinctual, ingrained in him since he was created out of dust and molded into an angel. Doesn’t know how to protect Claire from whatever they’re letting in their house. Doesn’t know how to reassure Dean that everything will be fine. Doesn’t know how to tell Sam that he believes him, he wants to believe this child will be good, even with every instinct telling him not to. Cas understood, long ago, that human emotions are larger than they appear and far more complicated than the labels that get slapped on the tin, but. It’s one thing to know that and another to experience it, all of it, at once.
“The angels,” Castiel whispers, raw. Castiel’s head starts to calm. Like admitting it had freed him from the overwhelming enormity of his siblings inside his mind once again.
Cas sighs. “I dislike the frequent need to urinate. I have come to loathe my alarm clock. I would spend the whole day in the shower, except for I don’t like the way it makes my fingers feel prunish. I feel hunger at inconvenient times, and cooking bores me to death. But I also love reading books. I enjoy eating food, and enjoying the taste not as individual molecules but as the sum of the whole thing. I could watch the sun rise and set every day. I enjoy listening to Claire’s music, and I like the burn in my muscles after I help you with your remodeling.”
Have you figured it out yet? How the beginning is the end?
“I’m trying real hard to get better,” Dean vows, and he waves the root beer bottle in his hand like it proves his point. Cas finally cracks a smile at that.
“Yeah,” he agrees, and he’s
He takes a breakfast burrito and orders a coffee to go since he’s pretty sure he can handle that while he’s driving around, and Jenny won’t charge him but he still hands her a twenty anyway and tells her to keep it as a tip.
For as long as Dean Winchester has been praying to him, Cas has sensed every underlying word in the things he chooses not to say. He could make sense of it most of the time but chose to ignore it, until his own feelings got fuddled into the mix and then, impossibly, the reality of it became too difficult for him to wrap his head around.
of this is gone. Maybe…” Chuck inhales deeply. “Maybe a fresh start is what I need. A blank page.”
“Christ,” Dean mutters, flushing even darker, but even though he ducks his head again he can’t hide the pleased grin that spreads across his face. Cas cherishes that.
A life like that would practically be worthless to live at all.
He should have known. Death never sticks when it comes to Castiel, but love always has.
“Uh, thanks,” Sam murmurs. He glances at her nametag quickly, adding on, “Gillian.”
Fuck.
He feels it, then, when Dean’s body stiffens. His voice shakes when he says, “The angels? You can
“Hello?” Dean answers, because he can only really avoid Bobby for so long, and two months is long enough. He wonders, briefly, if Bobby will be proud to know what Dean’s doing out here in Colorado. “Bobby?”
“What?” Dean asks. He realizes a second too late that Bobby probably still thinks he’s with Lisa. God, Dean’s been a shitty kid. He owes Bobby a lot of long stories. “It ain’t that far out of my way. I’m in Colorado. I’ll see you in nine hours.”
Dean swears under his breath. “Why the hell did he wait two months to get a hold of you?”
Dean’s having a hard time looking away from his brother. Afraid if he blinks too hard, Sam will fade into thin air like he was never there at all. Logic can tell Dean that it ain’t gonna happen like that, but logic also tells him that Sam shouldn’t be in front of him at all, so Dean thinks logic can kiss his ass. Slowly, so Sam doesn’t have to, Dean says, “I think it’s pretty obvious that whatever brought Sammy back is in no mood to be found. Damn good at covering its tracks, too.”
Dean raises an eyebrow. “You’re family, Sammy. You’re always welcome.”
God, he hopes Sam likes Bennett.
It’s hard to measure the truth behind Sam’s reassurance, but Dean supposes it doesn’t matter much now that Cas is gone and that soon they will be, too. So Dean just does what he does best, in the absence of knowing what else to do or what else to say. He drives on.
“Where’s Sam?” she asks, because somehow she knows exactly what’s wrong.
Cas, in his familiar body that became his over the years,  his eyes looking at Dean and trying to dissect him. His voice poking and prodding at Dean’s cracks to find out how to fix them. But they’re years away from that. Millenniums.
“Good morning, Claire,” he murmurs, before going to the kitchen. Dean stands by the stove, wearing the apron they’d given him for Christmas, flipping a slice of French Toast. He tastes like sugar and syrup when Cas leans in and kisses him. “Hello, Dean.”
The motel mattresses suck. The diner food sucks. Filling up the Impala every other day because he never stops fucking driving sucks.
But it’s Sam
“I’m not saying it’s a damn surprise, I’m saying good for you, kid!” Dean bursts out. He claps a hand on Claire’s shoulder, feeling a pride in his chest that he doesn’t really understand. “You’re adjusting! You’re making friends! Guess we aren’t screwing you up so bad after all, huh?”
Behind him, Kelly Kline locks eyes with Cas, and he knows she understands. He knows she would have done the same thing, had it been within her power. “Because I made a promise,” Cas says, before looking away from Kelly. “Because I love you, Jack.”
Dean frowns, incredulous. “Of a kid? The armies of God are scared of something that hasn’t even been born yet?”
. Something has happened.”
Cas wakes up gasping, lurching up in bed, clawing at his throat. He expects blood to be dripping from the cut there, expects to see the wisps of his grace as it’s pulled out of him, before he remembers that there’s no grace left to be stolen from him. And there hasn’t been for fifteen months.
“Why are you up?” she asks. Her spoon clinks around her mug, and she still won’t quite look at him.
Dean breathes out slowly, a long exhale out of the corner of his mouth. He decides the argument he’d start by disagreeing now isn’t worth it. It’s been a good day. Dean wants it to stay that way. Resigned, he says, “Fine, whatever. I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Yeah, yeah, call the press and let ‘em know we got breaking news,” Dean mutters. He pulls his brother into a brief hug, then kisses Cas once before he leaves. In the doorway, he warns, “Do not bring home anymore grandfather clocks.”
He puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder, holding him for the last time. The same shoulder where Castiel burned his grace onto a body he would never possess. If he were braver, he would pull Dean closer, maybe. Press their foreheads together in a way he’s longed to do before he ever figured out why he wanted to. Oh, if he were braver, perhaps he’d have the courage to kiss Dean, just once. So he’d know what it would feel like.
It’s nearing ten when Dean gets up for some reason, winking at Cas before he goes. Theresa hollers to get everyone’s attention. It’s almost comical how fast the group falls quiet for her. She stands on the bench of a picnic table with her hands on her hips, looking over all of them.
He holds onto that with an iron-tight grip, on nights like this and any other time he fears he needs it. He lets it wash over him until his bones no longer feel heavy. And if the time comes, he’ll give it to Claire or to Dean or to Sam to hold onto, too.
Dean looks up at the ceiling and counts to ten.
“I should have told you,” Cas finally murmurs, resolute and full of a guilt that should be too heavy for any human to shoulder. “The moment I felt like something was happening. I should have told you.”
The person on the other end of the line speaks, and Dean nearly falls to his knees.
content warnings for a buttload of angst (taps the label on the tin), references to j*hn winchester's A+ parenting, allusions to trauma that Will be further discussed in the next chapter, and depictions and discussions of grief. take care of urselves as needed!
“Gone,” Dean mutters. He downs the rest of his water and sets the glass down, empty, on the coffee table. He rubs at his eyes. “He’s. Yeah. He’s gone. Cas, too. Ah. You never met Cas, but. Dude was my best friend. Family, too. They’re both gone.”
Let’s pause for a moment. Forget about starting over. Perhaps it’s best to begin with a riddle instead, so pay close attention. Two brothers make two offerings to God. God looks to the brothers, and this is what he sees: one whose eyes never stray from his duties, and the other whose eyes never stray from his brother’s back. Which offering, from which brother, does God favor? You may think that there’s not enough information in this scenario to lead us to the answer. Go ahead then—just guess. There’s a fifty percent chance you’re right. A twenty-five percent chance that the answer is neither of them. A hundred percent chance that it doesn’t matter how much of the scenario we know or don’t know, because this is a God who no longer makes choices using logic or reasoning anymore.
And then there are the things he’s learned that may feel inconsequential to outsiders but feel miraculous when Cas remarks back on them. He’s a terrible cook but he knows how his family prefers their eggs, and how they take their coffee, and and he knows what music puts Claire in the best mood when he drives her to school in the morning and he knows what books will make Sam light up the brightest when given as gifts and he knows what movie to put on when Dean needs a little more comfort.
Dean scrubs his face with his hands and stands up. He’s exhausted from driving, sore from sitting, and he’s friggin’ starving. The last thing he’d expected when he’d showed up for Cas was getting stuck with babysitting duty. And he’s friggin’
“Hi, Dean,” Claire answers. She sounds tired. “Are you okay?”
He doesn’t fall back asleep, but he stays there while Dean dozes, looking over Dean’s shoulder and out their bedroom window. Watching the sun as it begins to rise.
For the first time since Dean saw him again, he realizes Cas wasn’t even in his usual get-up of suit, tie, and trench-coat. He doesn’t like the way that knowledge sits in his gut.
They spend the day fidgeting and making soup in the kitchen and checking on Claire periodically. She goes back and forth between wanting to be left alone and needing someone to be with her. Mostly, Claire just rests. Sometimes she asks Cas to sit with her, and they watch a show on her laptop until she falls asleep again.
“I didn’t know there was a meeting, I would have come,” Dean tells him.
The guy lets out a huff of laughter. “Then what brings you all the way out to this sorry lot?”
He’s trying to get over his guilt, this year. So he refuses to lock himself away.
and it doesn’t matter if he pushes against the sides to try and stitch it back together. Why isn’t there blood? There must be. There has to be, because he’s been broken clean in two, but there isn’t blood, there’s not—
The Righteous Man has already broken. The unimaginable has become inevitable.
“You’re such a dork,” Dean murmurs. He shifts in Cas’s arms until they’re facing one another, pulling him close. Cas can just barely make out the details of Dean’s face in the moonlight. Softly, Dean reaches up and brushes his thumb along Cas’s temple. “Hey, how’s the head? Any angel radio today?”
So he goes to Lisa’s.
Dean clenches his jaw. It’s hard to look Sam in the eye—knowing all that Sam and Jack are giving up, knowing all that they’re enduring, and knowing it’s just because Dean was a stubborn prick who wanted Cas alive. It’s a guilt he’ll carry with him as heavy as Cain’s, even with his own brother still alive. “Just have to convince Cas to trust me. Like me. Betray Heaven for me. Oh, and he doesn’t remember anything from before Chuck restarted the whole world, so I have to do all of this while he thinks he doesn’t know me. No biggie.”
That is not what he finds.
“Look for a place?” Dean repeats, pausing as he pulls clean clothes out of his bag.
says his brother. Castiel looks down, but there is nothing underneath his foot.
“Charmer,” Dean gasps out. His hands are still in Cas’s pockets.
Claire just nods. “He’s bringing the kid, isn’t he?”
“You want me to give you both a’ them for free?” Ronnie challenges. “I may be old, boy, but I kicked a lotta ass when I was your age.”
“I dunno,” Dean says. “I’m not even sure we have a place to start looking for answers.”
He stops, taking in a sharp breath, and Sam tries to say, “Dean—”
The roads are damn near empty. Dean’s grateful for it, because it means he can push the speed a little bit. He’s not sure why he’s in such a hurry to get to Stull, anyway, especially since there’s nothing to prove that Sam’s even there. God knows Dean hadn’t stayed near his own grave very long after he’d come to, but. It’s somewhere to start. Dean’s desperate. And he’s… Well. He doesn’t know how to explain it. He’s just got a feeling.
“How does it not count?” Cas presses.
He shouldn’t know who Jack is. He does anyway.
“I, um. Guess I must be. What’s the last thing you remember?”
They win. The Winchesters almost always win. But victory always comes with a price.
And Dean likes a filthy kiss, but he loves it if he’s not the one who started it, and Cas learned months ago just how much it takes to unravel Dean in whatever way he can find. Cas shifts them just enough, until Dean is flat on his back and sighing when Cas settles in on top of him, pinning him to the mattress between his knees. Dean sucks Cas’s tongue into his mouth at the same time that Cas scrapes his fingernails against the back of Dean’s neck, sending thrills through the both of them. Underneath him, Dean writhes as though he’s trying to find a way to pull Cas, impossibly, even closer.
Early Sunday afternoon, the finishing touches have been nailed into place and Sam drags Cas to walk through it with a huge beam on his face.
“Just confused,” Sam answers, and it’s not a real answer and they all know it, but it’s late enough that no one pushes. “Glad to be back, though.”
When Bobby finally lets the kid up for air, they pile around the tiny motel table and Dean passes out burgers. It feels achingly familiar. Just like when he and Sammy were kids and tore up Bobby’s house before dinnertime, crammed into their seats and fighting over elbow space. Sam eats like he hasn’t seen food since he got topside, and no one comments on it.
It’s a long moment before she finally responds to that. Claire drops her gaze and mumbles, “It hasn’t been all bad.”
And Cas—there’s nothing he can say to that. He just pulls her into a hug and kisses the top of her head, as though it answers or solves anything, and he holds on tight.
Hell, Claire or Cas or both of them almost always go with him to the damn hardware store when he goes. The only time he really leaves the house alone is when he goes for work, and ain’t that a terrifying thought? They’ve slipped with ease into their little routine. Fights with Claire in the morning to wake her up in time for school, making sure Cas is up to drop her off so Dean can go to work, coming home and finding them there waiting for him. Spending weekends remodeling or running errands or looking up fucking
Dean laughs and holds him tight. “Well, don’t let it do that. I’m a little bit fond of you, you know? Might really suck to lose you then have to go find another grumpy boyfriend with a craft hobby addiction.”
agree. He could insist that they do this together, that they finish the last of the attic renovation as a family. They’ve put so much of this house together already. Cas knows it could be an easy sell. But. There’s another part of him, a louder one that knows Dean almost frighteningly well, and it tells him that this is time Dean needs for himself.
“I miss them,” she mumbles. Her grip tightens childishly where she clings to Cas’s shirt.
“Can I help?” Dean offers, realizing a bit too late that it’s something he should have done sooner, but Lorinda just waves him off.
Jack just gives him a hopeful look. “Then you wake up.”
“I didn’t want to jinx it,” Dean says with a shrug. “Are you happy? Are you mad?”
After the creation of humanity, the first version of this story played out. It was a story about two brothers even then.
Castiel is quiet at that. It’s strange, how the angel can feel so familiar and so foreign to Dean all at the same time. After a moment, Castiel’s curiosity gets the better of him, and he asks,
“It’s five in the morning,” Cas says, affronted.
And that’s just the thing, ain’t it? The places that mean something, the ones you romanticize, the ones you memorialize, they stay the same. They turn into haunted houses whether you want them to or not.
“You didn’t run,” Cas points out, and Dean frowns at him, confused. “When you thought Ben Braeden was your child. You offered much to Ben and his mother. Truth be told, I expected you to be with them after all of this came to pass.”
“Thanks,” Dean says. There’s a swell of something that almost feels like pride in his chest.
He’s humming along absentmindedly to the radio when Cas reaches over suddenly and turns it down. Cas’s hands drop back to his lap. It’s another moment before he says, “Thank you, Dean, for our conversation earlier.”
for Christ’s sake. Of course he’s not the same.
He checks his phone, before he starts the car. Cas responded. Dean stares at the text message for so long he hasn’t got a chance to respond before he hears Sam slide into the passenger side and slam the door behind him.
Dean doesn’t say anything at that, just makes a noise at the back of his throat and presses his lips to the hollow of Cas’s neck. Cas reaches up and brushes his knuckle against Dean’s cheek. He hasn’t shaved in a few days. Cas goes back and forth between loving it and hating it. He thinks he’ll spend the rest of his life going back and forth with it too.
Sam pulls Cas into a tight hug, too, once Dean lets go of him and they all shuffle further into the house. Over Sam’s shoulder, Cas catches sight of Kelly Kline.
Still, the hairs on the back of his neck rise when he and Sam and Jack turn to face Chuck. Same way they do anytime a monster’s nearby. There’s no room for debate when Dean grits out, “Alright, Chuck. You win.”
There isn’t enough time. There never is, not for anything, but how could there be enough time to adequately put into words why people do what they do for family?
If Cas strains his ears and listens hard enough, he can hear the thready beat of Claire’s music and the sound of the pottery wheel she’s been using since she came in with him, even though he can’t see her. He thinks about how she asked if she could come with him to the rec center for his classes today, and how she asked to drive, and how it still makes him nervous to see her behind the wheel even though she’s only a few months away from sixteen but he let her do it anyway.
Dean clears his throat and pretends his eyes aren’t burning and turns the tape to its b-side before setting it to play. There are better songs on this side, anyway.
“When have I ever listened to you?” Sam points out, the annoying little brother that he is, and Dean scoffs halfheartedly. “I mean, don’t get me wrong. I think the whole thing is insane. But. I don’t know, man, I guess that’s kind of par for the course for us now, isn’t it?”
Castiel doesn’t answer at all. All he does is shine a little brighter, maybe, or burn stronger as he takes on Dean’s words. There’s the swell of it, a burst that crowds closer and aches to be familiar. It is, maybe, the first seed of doubt. Or maybe it’s just Cas, and that alone is brilliant.
“I know you do,” Dean sighs. He falls asleep again, curled into Cas and with his lips brushing against Cas’s temple. Cas just holds him where they are. Unwilling or afraid to let go. He can cling to that, if nothing else. Not letting go of Dean.
At the real end of the world—not the one brought about by a warring Heaven and Hell, nor the one God’s sister inadvertently started, and not even the one that was promised to this world by an archangel from another reality—Sam and Dean do something they’ve never done before. They give up. Roll over. Play dead.
thank u as always to lomls sabi and cait for holding my hand thru every word i write
The bathroom door swings open, and Sam hesitantly comes out wearing boxers and an old t-shirt. He’d brought a backpack with him, when they’d left Lorinda’s, but Dean doesn’t think he has any clothes in there. So he points to the bed where Sam’s old clothes had been laid out, just in case he’d need them, and if Sam’s surprised by it, it doesn’t show on his face.
“Angels really only dealt with things in absolutes,” he finally murmurs. “Black or white. Good or evil. Loyalty or disobedience. When I first rebelled, I had only dipped a toe into the spectrum of complexities humanity holds.” Cas grins, wry and tired and everything all at once. “I had no idea what it was like to carry all these multitudes inside of me all at once.”
“I got him,” says Sam, from somewhere behind them. He’s still holding a cloth to his forearm, putting pressure on the cut Dean had made there. When it heals, the scar will be known as the Mark of Abel.
It startles him, now, how domesticated his life has become. How he moves through these menial tasks with the same ease he used to strike down demons. Castiel no longer wields an angel blade like it’s an extension of him; there’s no orders for him to follow through down here, no voices in his head calling him home, no restless feeling inside of him like hollowed bones prepared to take flight. There is a heaviness with humanity, and it grounds him. Most days he’s alright with that.
They’re powerless to stop Jack’s grace from burning him inside out. Sam does the only thing anyone can do, shooting God with the gun he’d placed into their hands himself. It serves better to make him angry than to do him any harm. Chuck opens the gates to Hell, and so brings the beginning of the End.
“I will be fine on my own for literally the hour that they’re gone,” Claire interrupts, not looking away from the tv. Dean looks back at Cas helplessly.
Abomination. Cas watches Sam now, as they move through the aisles and he accidentally knocks some fruit loose and corrects it with a sheepish smile, and wonders how he could have ever viewed Sam as anything other than a good man. As anything less than a best friend.
“That is one way to put it,” Cas says, smiling wryly. “It’s been a very tumultuous few weeks.”
“Yes, Dean, you told me,” she stops him. Her voice is even, and when he reopens his eyes, she’s leaning back in her seat again. “When you showed up on my doorstep a few weeks ago, you told me that when you see yourself happy, you see a life with me. Did you mean that?”
Bobby.
Mildly, Cas says, “Dean doesn’t drink the soda, Claire.”
He can’t help but laugh a little when Dean gets huffy and puffy and pulls himself out of bed like he cannot
“She takes after you,” Dean says, laughing as they break apart.
“How?” Bobby breathes out. “How the hell did he get out of that damn cage?”
Without even looking at Dean, he holds out one expectant hand and uses the other to dig a cell phone out of his pocket.
They’re up before the sun rises, like they always are. Half tangled in the sheets, breathing one another in. Dean stretches out on his stomach and Cas drapes himself across the broad expanse of Dean’s bare back. His skin is warm to the touch. Idly, Cas traces Enochian sigils against the skin right below Dean’s ribcage, counting each breath that Dean takes. It seems like another lifetime ago that Cas branded these same ribs, with different Enochian sigils.
Claire nods. There’s a wobble at the corner of her mouth that she tries to hide by turning her head. “Okay.”
“What d’ya think, kid?” Dean asks. It warms Cas how much her opinion means to Dean.
Very seriously, Cas tells him, “We haven’t even had breakfast yet.”
first time, and past the turn that would take them right to the Novak’s old house, and past the gas station he raided after digging himself out of his grave. There’s a barn on the outskirts of town that somehow miraculously still stands. Dean parks in front of the doors and kills the engine. There’s a metallic taste in his mouth and a bitter sting in the corners of his eyes.
They tear through Hell in a way that’s almost laughably easy, and Castiel grows more uneasy about it the further in they get. He doesn’t realize it right away but it soon dawns on him that there’s only one reason the demons would not put up a greater fight to stop them: they’re too late.
No. No, he can’t be—angels don’t drown. Angels don’t have lungs. He’s not—
“I’m not in a bad mood,” Cas says, surprised, but there’s a pink flush on his face that wasn’t there before, and it tells Dean a different story.
Cas doesn’t come back for a while, not even when Claire comes back downstairs to do her homework at the kitchen table so she can still see what Dean’s doing as he works. Dean tries not to get too huffy-puffy about it. If Cas wants to throw an ex-angelic temper tantrum, that’s his business, and Dean’s got his own shit to do.
“I know, but,” Cas says, exasperated. He rubs his hands on his pants and finally looks up at Dean. There’s a look in his eyes that makes Dean’s chest feel painfully, achingly split open. “I feel like… Dean, I was. I was so used to it, as an angel. It was always there. And it’s not, it’s not here anymore, but sometimes. Sometimes I catch a glimpse of how it used to feel. Just a short moment, the briefest flash of the companionship I had with me at all times. And I… I can’t explain it. But I feel as though I
Once the movie ends, Claire goes outside. She sits out there long enough that Cas gets worried, but when he goes to check on her, she’s just sitting on the steps of the front porch and looking up at the stars. Her eyes are closed.
But in the midst of taking care of her and taking precautions to avoid the flu themselves, tasks like cleaning and grocery shopping had fallen to the wayside, and when she comes down to eat something other than soup, they’re all a little startled to find there’s not much food in the fridge to work with.
“It felt important,” he murmurs. He looks at the sky and wishes he knew which parts of it were his. “It felt monumental, to have the ability to create something like that. My siblings wanted their stars to shine the largest, the brightest, the farthest. But I didn’t want that. I just wanted a star that felt… stable. Well made. Something steadfast that, even if it wasn’t the brightest, would call to someone on earth and keep them safe. So they made their hundreds, and I made my few, and—perhaps it was silly. To think that a star would require such careful crafting.”
It makes a convoluted sort of sense. Angels were created for a sole purpose, and it was to worship. And though the original purpose had been for the worship of God, Castiel did what almost all of God’s other creations did—he evolved.
Dean shakes his head. “What would we have done, Cas? Even if you had? There ain’t much we could have gone off of with just a feeling.”
“What the hell,” he mutters to himself. “You’ve already showed some emotion today. Why not go for the home run?”
And Bobby must have a sixth sense to know that Dean’s not ready to have this conversation, because he nudges Sam out of the doorway and interrupts, “Didn’t realize I drove all this way out here just to watch you two putter around like a buncha’ idjits. We hittin’ the road soon, or?”
“Forged documents about time spent in a psychiatric hospital,” Cas finishes with a wry grin. “Birth certificates, for myself and for Claire. Other documentation about where ‘Jimmy’ has been for two years, so that I could take Claire with me.”
His face is on fire. He’s bright friggin’ red, and Sam’s staring at him like he’s not sure why his brother is acting like a fucking lunatic, and Bobby’s looking at him like he can see right through Dean’s bullshit. Hell, he probably can.
something was going on.”
She’s quiet for a while, taking it in. But eventually she beams. “That’s awesome. Can we go get the chickens tonight?”
“I’d like to see it,” Sam adds, and he gives Dean an encouraging smile. “You got a spare room for me?”
“Maybe it got hurt,” Sam says quietly, frowning at the table. “I mean, getting one soul of the rack and bringing it back, that’s just. Child’s play compared to taking something out of the Cage, right? So if it got hurt, or. Or if it just needed time to grow stronger…”
Someone else touches him, another presence in the room, and it takes a great deal of effort for Cas to tear his gaze away from Dean. It’s worth the reward. Sam Winchester is crouched next to his brother, and there’s a small amount of soot on his face and a bowl in his hands, lingering evidence of whatever spell they used to bring Cas back here. And then on the other side, cosmically powerful and still so young and undeniably the greatest part of Cas, Jack kneels beside him as the golden glow in his eyes dims slowly.
His hands shake now, as he presses up on his toes and stretches, pushing old t-shirts out of the way to get to it. They shake in a way they used to, years ago, before Dean got used to the feeling of a gun in his hands and stopped being nervous about whether or not his shots would hit their mark.
Claire nods slowly. An easy thing. Dean takes it as his cue to leave, and starts walking back towards the door. He pauses when Claire tells him, “And you.”
It has always been two brothers.
“Oh,” Sam says, not comprehending. Then he looks, really looks at Dean, and his expression slackens just enough. “Oh. Okay. Uh, cool.”
“It is,” Sam says softly. If he’s surprised by Chuck’s statement about Cas’s feelings, he doesn’t show it. He just meets Dean’s eye and nods like he understands. Hell, maybe he does. Louder, Sam repeats, “Love
“Do you love him?” Sam asks. Voice level. Head straight. The question should make Dean’s throat close up, but Sam doesn’t waiver as he asks it, and so Dean stands his ground, too.
“I’m sorry,” she says again.
He’s been up for too long, or he had too much caffeine today, or maybe it’s just something he has to deal with now, but Cas closes his eyes when he feels the beginnings of a headache prickling behind his temples again and he burrows closer to Dean.
For a moment, all they can do is look at one another. Castiel watches Dean in a way he’s never fully allowed himself to before. And Dean stares back at him like he can’t look away for a second, like he has to count all of Castiel’s breaths just to make sure they’re adequate. Then Castiel realizes he’s still caressing Dean’s face, and embarrassment floods through him. Dean catches his wrist when Castiel goes to move away. Both of them freeze.
“Jack, go wait in the car,” Sam murmurs, and Jack’s head snaps to him, stung. “Please. We don’t want you to have to see this.”
“Shit, Cas—!” Dean yelps.
The other line is quiet while Bobby processes that. Dean hates the anxiety that curls in the pit of his stomach. “Good on you, kid,” Bobby says finally, and there’s pride in his voice that doesn’t sound fake or forced. Dean lets out a sharp breath of air he hadn’t realized he was holding. “That’s great, Dean. Good. I just thought…”
It’s good for Claire, too. She was wary of it at first. Walking into a room and finding them both sitting there, quiet. Dean is pretty sure it made her feel like she was in trouble. She’s gotten more used to it, though, obviously, because as she stumbles into kitchen now and notices them shooting the shit, she just rolls her eyes and mutters something under her breath.
“Thank you,” Cas murmurs, when he finds the strength to say it.
The black tar is going to devour him. But this isn’t
“Sure,” Dean agrees, halfhearted at best.
It’s late, and she has school in the morning. Still, something makes him pause. Claire has a blanket wrapped tight around her shoulders. She won’t quite look him in the eye. Quietly, she admits, “I can’t sleep.”
Because Jack wants it. Because Sam misses him. Because Dean needs it.
When he opens his eyes, he finally hears it. The message that nearly tore him apart.
be another fight. Cas carries his son’s body to safety, mourning and desperate and filled with anger, and then he does what he knows how to do best. He fights.
Cas’s gaze snaps back to Dean’s face. “What?”
In September, the temperature drops, and though it isn’t enough to frost their windows or ice the sidewalks, it is enough for Cas to constantly feel like he’s never wearing enough layers, and the idea of that baffles him. He dislikes being cold, perhaps more than any other sensation he’s known so far.
“I believe they said around eight. Maybe a bit later if they had to stop.”
“More so me than him,” Dean says. “Sammy doesn’t remember living here. We came here once, too, on a case. Said this place had never been home to him.”
cool.”
“Every other bad thing we've been killing, been dying over,” Sam scoffs. “Where were you? Just sitting back and watching us suffer so we can do this over and over and over again. Losing people we love! When does it end? Tell me.”
“You think he’s right,” Dean says aloud, and Chuck’s gaze snaps to him. “You do, don’t you? You’re worried that Sam’s right and that no matter what you do, this is how things are gonna end. Do you really want to live another millennium holding your breath and hoping something will go differently this time?”
Dean shrugs. “My part of the deal required me to spill my brother’s blood. So I did.”
“Y’know, there’s a lot of things I thought I was gonna say when we got you back,” Dean interrupts, whirling on his heels. Cas almost staggers back in surprise. “I had this whole… this big plan, or whatever. But I can’t—I can’t just. I can’t say any of it and have it be worth a damn thing until I say I’m so fucking sorry for everything else. Jesus, Cas, I’m so sorry. I was outta my head with grief, but I use that excuse every time I fuck up, and it ain’t even a good excuse.”
Castiel takes a deep breath. “I betrayed Heaven for you,” he states. The words fall from his mouth unbidden. And it’s a fact that should surprise him, though it doesn’t. It hardly seems to bother him at all.
and it starts to sit uncomfortably in Dean’s gut. Dean forces himself to look away.
“It’s alright,” he tells her earnestly, because it is.
Guilt weighs down Dean’s feet. He drops his hands, letting go of Cas, and Cas’s fingers linger on him for another moment before he lets go, too. Dean steps back. “Right, yeah. Yeah. I’m gonna. I gotta finish packing.”
If she’s put out by his response, she doesn’t show it. She just takes the cash he hands her for the night and hands him back some change and pops her bubblegum when she turns around to get his room key for him. She’s not surprised, either, when Dean pulls the same picture out of his wallet and asks her if she’s seen Sam, just shrugging like she’s not sure either way.
“Dean,” he croaks out.
The couch isn’t horrible. Dean doesn’t know if it speaks more to the comfort of the cushions or the state of his own exhaustion that he falls asleep in the better part of ten minutes.
Dean adds, voice sharp, “And Cas. You bring him back, too.”
“There was a great surge of celestial power,” he murmurs. “That must have been what, ah. Tuned me back in. And the angels, they… There’s… a surge like that, it’s immensity can only mean one thing.”
“You’ll be safe, right?” she murmurs.
him. The second that Dean’s hand is cradling his cheek, they both let out a breath.
“Go to Lawrence, Dean,” Cas tells him, voice soft. Dean
“I guess.”
“I love you,” Cas says easily. Freely. This was once the burden, the inescapable truth, that Cas knew would lead him to his death, but that story doesn’t exist anymore. Whatever comes next, they get to make up as they go.
“Perhaps you could help me look for a place to stay,” Cas suggests, as Dean crosses the room again and picks his duffel bag off the ground. “I doubt Claire will want to stay in this motel for all that long.”
“And yeah, I’m baking,” Dean continues. “Maggie’s surgery was yesterday, so I was thinking we could take some sweets over to her and her kids. Just check up on her.”
“Thank you for not ignoring me today,” Claire says, and Cas startles. She’s peeking at him through one eye, and she smirks when he catches her gaze. “It was really shitty when you did that last year.”
So, God or no God. You go to hell.”
Pointedly, Cas says, “You think he wouldn’t?”
Cas smiles gently. “You don’t have to justify your desire to stay, Sam. This house is yours as well.”
“By your brother’s car is fine enough,” Pete says with a shrug.
Anger swells up inside of Dean so fast it nearly chokes him. “You selfish son of a bitch—”
At the same time that Dean’s hands slide into the back pockets of Cas’s pajamas, Cas giddily thinks that, like Icarus, he was helpless the moment he caught sight of the sun, flying closer not knowing the risks or choosing not to care. Like Icarus, Cas fell. In every way imaginable.
Cas is quiet, save for the few, sharp directions he barks out every so often. He doesn’t look up from the documents in his hands. Dean stews in his own angry juices until he can’t stand the silence another second longer.
WELL this chapter certainly holds a lot so GOOD LUCK...
hi besties sorry for the long wait i was being a sissy baby about this chapter but hopefully it's . <3 worth something <3 very kelly-centric on this one but now we are only one !! chapter away from jack! woooo
Theresa gives him a random Wednesday off, which would be awesome if Dean had anything to do besides go home and work on the remodel, but he’s not about to look a gift horse in the mouth, so he thanks her and drives his sorry ass back home. Dean parks his work truck in the garage and sits there for a moment. Claire’s at school. The Impala is still gone, which means Cas is out somewhere.
“I do know what blind faith is,” Cas admits. His son’s eyes are on him, hanging on to every word. Cas does his best to make them count. “I used to just follow orders without question, and I did some pretty terrible things. I… would never look beyond the plan. And then, of course, when it all came crashing down, I found myself lost. I didn’t know what my purpose was anymore.”
“I was just thinkin’ that curtain rod is crooked, and we gotta fix it.”
“The name you use to find each other if you’re separated, right?” Cas finishes. “No luck there, either?”
“Don’t,” Dean stops him. He shakes his shoulder free of Bobby’s hand. “I don’t. I don’t need wasted breath sayin’ we knew what we were getting into. I know that. It’s just.” Dean hates the way his voice shakes almost more than he hates the whole goddamn world for taking his brother away from him. “I don’t need the wasted breath.”
“I know now he was wrong about that,” Jack whispers. He looks impossibly small, tightening his jacket around his shoulders to fight off the chill or to shrink into himself anymore.
Castiel thinks. He can’t protect Sam from this, either.
“No,” Dean admits. “I, uh. I made it to Stull. Checked his grave, to see if the site was anything like where you dropped me in Pontiac, but. It looks exactly the same as it did last year. Doesn’t even look like it’s been touched.”
She makes a noise of sympathy at that. Her eyes dart to Sam, for a moment, before she gives him a warm smile. “Hey, Sam. Good to see you back in town.”
much fun,” she mutters sarcastically. She yanks open the fridge, scowling as she looks inside, then whips back around to glare sharply at Dean. Accusingly, she tells him, “We’re out of soda.”
“I take it back, you’re the asshole,” Dean mutters. “Fuck you and your project. Jerk.”
Sam catches him by the arm as Dean turns to make his retreat. Dean squirms under his gaze. “Dean, I,” Sam starts, but he frowns to himself and begins again. “I’m glad you came to get me. And, um. Thanks for letting me stay here.”
Loud and dramatic, Claire complains, “Oh my
It goes like this:
Cas grins at him, beaming and bursting with love.
Claire Novak looks away.
“You just got out of Hell,” Dean echoes, and he raises an eyebrow. “You handle it any better when it was me?”
“And then what, Chuck?” asks Sam, reaching out to grab Dean’s arm and hold him still. “How do you know it won’t always end up this way? How can you know that you won’t end up in this same spot anyway? Your creations rebel, Chuck. You can’t stop it. But we’re giving you what you want. Leave the rest of the world out of it.”
“Friends?” Dean repeats. He turns in his chair, facing Claire head on. “You made friends?”
“We have one,” Cas says mildly. He smiles up at Dean, dazed.
Sam rolls his eyes. “I
She sucks in a sharp breath, eyes going wide. At least she’s looking at him again.
Quietly, he promises her, “I will make sure you’re safe, no matter what.”
Cas puts his tea down on the counter and crosses the floor to her. She doesn’t hesitate when he opens his arms, and she doesn’t push him away. She just wraps her arms around his middle and lets him hold her. “It’s alright,” he says again. It is. It is.
Instead, he just shoots them both a half-hearted glare they all know he doesn’t mean and mutters, “You do realize you’re gonna have to move it when I’m done in the kitchen and need to tear up that shit in there, right?”
“You are, too,” Dean tells her.
“Cas,” Dean tries to intervene.
Dean startles. “My—Sammy?”
“Christ,” Dean says again, vehemently, and he reels Cas in for a kiss.
Dean pushes open the creaky old door and pulls himself the rest of the way into the attic. Cas follows closely behind him.
“I’m sorry,” Dean mutters, a little bit helplessly, because he’s not sure what else to say. He keeps his eyes on the bag, on the zipper, on his trembling fingers as he opens it quickly. Everything’s as he remembers. The weapons he had justified keeping, even as he left everything else for Bobby. Sam’s gun. A machete. The shotgun filled with salt rounds. A box of silver bullets. The demon knife. His dad’s journal. All of this used to feel like all his life amounted to. Dean barely even recognizes it now.
“I’ve been meaning to ask you about that,” Sam hedges, when they round the corner out of the produce and head towards the back of the store for milk. “So you really don’t know who brought you back? Or why they clipped your wings?”
Across the room, Sam is staring quietly out the window. There’s a far away look in his eyes. It’s a familiar, too
Still, there are broken floorboards in the middle of the floor, and one of the windows is cracked. And it’s
It stings that she noticed, though he knows that’s unfair of him to think.
Cas’s face goes through a series of complicated emotions that makes Dean’s heart feel like it’s in his throat. “I know that,” Cas says carefully. “And I’m sorry that I’m not who you prayed for. But you are my responsibility. And I want to do right for you.”
anything.”
The longer he unravels it, the more uncertain Castiel becomes that it’s a prayer at all. How can it be? It carries the importance of a promise.
Here’s a hint: He favors them both. Do you get it now? It’s always been both.
“No,” Claire says, scowling.
major xoxo kisses and hugs to my wives cait and sabi who are still 120k words later holding my hand every time i write a new chapter and need reassurance mwah MWAH the loves of my life
“We’re here to give you what you asked for,” Sam snaps. It finally catches Chuck’s attention. “You want your Cain and Abel rewrite? Fine. We surrender. Write your best story yet. But you have to put everything back the way it was. All those lives, the people, the birds, everything.”
Cas can’t say anything.
Cas can feel it, when Dean falls to his knees. It’s a sentiment he’s seen often out of only the most faithful. Those so overwhelmed with their love for the object of their worship that their legs can no longer bother to hold them up. It’s present, with Dean, but he also does it as an offering. A counterbalance for the last time the other half of Cas’s heart got to his knees like this, at mercy of another.
A very old story, indeed. One that should have ended the moment the door sealed shut behind him and brought him back to an eternal rest.
“This might be weird, but I brought someone,” Sam says, rocking his weight forward onto his toes. “But. I figured it was about time you meet the prophet face to face.”
“And the nephilim…”
eaten in two months nearly knocks Dean on his ass. He should have ordered more food. Carefully, he asks, “This isn’t your first meal since you got back, right?”
This is how he spends his summer: gardening and crafting, and bonding with his daughter. Watching her grow up and feeling proud and frightened all at the same time. Worrying about Sam. Stealing time away with Dean. Growing, he thinks, just as well as the plants in his garden.
“I’ll tell him,” Claire says, but there’s shuffling on the other end of the line now and it’s clear that she’s distracted. Dean bites down the impulse to ask if she’d finished her homework before dinner. “Um. I miss you, okay? Yeah. And. Love you.”
He supposes there are certain types of desire that you never get used to after living out the lives of too many heroes, and when he curls around Dean, bare skin pressed together, Cas thinks that there’s a difference between wanting more and wanting something to last forever. He knows what variation it is for him.
i set myself on a tentative posting schedule of wednesdays but then i got excited and wrote this and also it's my bestie's bday so i'm dedicating this chapter to her bc i love her mwah mwah mwah love u ceej
“Whatever,” she repeats, and Dean’s smile just grows. “I’m gonna think about it. Can we talk about it when you come home? You’re coming back soon, right?”
“Be safe,” Cas says finally, and he tilts his head up in Dean’s grip and looks Dean in the eye. There’s something almost desperate about it. “Promise me you’ll be safe. And that you’ll—”
“Cas, this won’t, uh,” Sam starts. He huffs quietly, frustrated. Cas wonders if Kelly Kline is asleep in the passenger seat next to him. If that’s why he whispers. If that’s why he feels safe enough to say any of this at all. “I mean. Dean’s birthday’s tomorrow. I’m not… ruining it, am I?”
can.” Chuck rocks back on the heels of his feet. He’d almost look unbothered, if it weren’t so obvious how much he was enjoying this. With a shrug, he finishes, “But I’m not going to.”
Dean, how the fuck—!”
For a moment, they just listen to each other breathe. “Come home so I can say it, please,” Cas says finally. And Dean gets it, then. He understands with startling clarity that Cas is
“Yeah.”
it was the right thing to say. Claire keeps crying for a moment longer, though the tension has bled out of her shoulders, and Cas just holds her for as long as she’ll let him.
His first stop in Lawrence is some dinner that looks vaguely familiar from when he was a kid, but in all honestly Dean thinks he only really recognizes it because it’s just like every other family-owned diner in the continental states. It’s still early enough that there’s only one patron inside, an older fellow who sits in the furthest booth and stares at the window. The waitress smiles at him and reaches for a menu to seat him, but he just shakes his head.
“That you were never a parent,” Cas elaborates. “You raised Sam. I know you don’t see it that way, but Heaven did. I did.”
Resurrection is a fickle thing. One moment there is nothing, and the next, Cas burns so brightly that those who love him will never lose sight of him again.
“This was incredibly kind of you,” Cas tells Ronnie. “They’ll love it. How much do I owe you?”
He must make a sound, because Dean pauses his work and Cas can feel it when his eyes turn on him. “You okay?” Dean asks softly. There’s really no need for him to be so quiet about it, but something Cas has learned in loving Dean is that he chooses to soften his voice when checking in on someone he cares about.
it,” Claire shoots back.
What good would a moment of true happiness serve him in a world without his son, anyway?
“I never said it,” Jack says quietly, “but it meant a lot to hear you say that. And I’m really glad I chose you to be my father.”
Hell, if that isn’t the question of the hour. This place isn’t anything. Not really. The first place he remembers meeting Cas, maybe, but that wasn’t the last first they shared, nor was it even the best. But it’s where it started. For him, at least. It started in Hell for Cas, holding Dean’s scarred and ugly soul as he carried them both out of the pit, but for Dean it started in some shitty barn that wouldn’t draw too much attention from the suburbs half a mile over or anyone passing by, and it started the second Cas walked through that door and lightbulbs shattered over his head. To anyone else this place would be nothing. To Dean it represents something he wants again and will never get back. Maybe that means it’s everything.
His heart is in his throat. His heart is tucked under the covers of her bed and drifting off to sleep. He feels like he might cry again, and he’s sure his voice shakes when he murmurs, “I love you most,” before pulling her door closed and leaving her to rest.
And Dean huffs around a laugh. He shuts off the water, turning, and shoots back, “I could say the same for you.”
It could end there. It should, most likely. Dean drops his arm and Cas picks up the plates off the table and cleans up lunch. Dean puts Claire’s homework back in her backpack. He’s debating whether or not he should take it up to her when Cas finally says, “That’s not true, you know.”
Dean forces out a laugh. He picks up Sam’s gun hoping that the weight of something familiar will calm him down. He’s not surprised when it doesn’t. “For fucking this up,” he clarifies, and he still can’t even look Cas in the eye as he says it.
“That, too,” Cas agrees. He digs his chin into Dean’s shoulder until Dean whines in protest and finally turns to give him a kiss. “But I meant remodeling in general. Designing things. This house, for one. The chicken coop. Now the attic for Claire.”
“Yeah,” he says, instead of anything else. He could say a lot more, but it’s not Lisa’s burden to carry on her shoulders after she leaves. “I understand.”
Theresa and Pete give him a bunch of old furniture they had just lying around as part of his housewarming, so Dean takes three days off of work to haul shit into the house and clean out all the dirt and cobwebs. He’s got everything in and arranged the way he’ll have it until the house is done by the end of the first day, so he spends most of the second day drawing out a floor plan for what the house looks like now and jotting down ideas for what he wants to change.
Lisa lets him inside and sits him down in an armchair in her living room. Ben’s out of the house, baseball practice, she answers when he asks. Dean doesn’t protest as she drapes a blanket over his shoulders and presses a glass of water into his hands. He wants to ask for something stronger but he doesn’t have the words. Water’s probably better for him, anyways.
Claire’s eyes widen in surprise, but she nods and takes a seat at a stool while Cas pours her a mug of her own. There’s another stool at the counter, but Cas doesn’t take it. Sometimes he’s afraid to be too close to her. He’s afraid he hasn’t earned it.
Sam, finally, looks up at that. “So this thing snuck through Hell undetected and ripped up a soul deal to bring you back? Without anyone noticing?”
“Ugh,” she groans, in the way only teenagers can. Dean can’t help but smile at that, too. “You’re so lame. Okay, bye.”
It’s different,
“I can’t disclose—” the nurse starts.
Dean’s laughter is punched-out and wet, the way it gets when he’s trying not to cry. Cas can’t help but look back at him. Like gravity, Dean always manages to pull Cas back into his orbit. Sounding too serious for it to actually come off as a joke, Dean says, “Chill, Cas, the kid’ll be back in a second.”
He wishes Lily Sunder had killed him when she had the chance.
“We can start somewhere, at least,” Dean says. He ain’t letting Cas off the hook that easy. “Hell, I won’t even make you start at the beginning. How about you start with the girl?”
“You’re a good guy, Cas,” Dean blurts out. Cas’s eyes widen in surprise. “Seriously. Not many dudes would do what you are in this situation. Lotta guys find out about a kid and run screaming in the other direction. But you’re trying. That means something.”
Dean kneels at the spot that swallowed up Sam, not even five minutes ago. Now that the ground is back where it belongs, the four rings lay atop the grass. Dean picks them up with shaky, blood-covered fingers.
He breathes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Something brought him back,” Dean says, and then he frowns. “If he ever figured out what, he never told me.”
Sam goes upstairs to change, and Cas fills a glass of water to give to Claire and the next dose of Tamiflu to take before they leave. “Call if you need anything,” he tells her softly, as he always does.
Dean huffs out a laugh. “Yeah. Later.”
“And you’ll always have a home with us,” Cas promises. “But, what I meant was… haven’t you considered staying for good?”
Dean raises an eyebrow. “Why? Place haunted or something?”
Lisa brings down pillows and blankets that she sets on the couch. It shouldn’t sting the way it does, but Dean still swallows his pride as he sets up to sleep on the couch. He shouldn’t be surprised. Shouldn’t have thought that she’d just let him into her bed without a moment’s hesitation. Lisa deserves better than that, too. She deserves someone sleeping next to her that isn’t a basket case overwhelmed with a grief he can’t quite pin down.
It’s alright if we allow ourselves to just be excited about that.”
“Dean!” Claire shouts in his ear, and he’d be on higher alert if he wasn’t so familiar with the way her voice raises volume when she’s excited about something. “Dean! I passed my English quiz! I wasn’t really worried, but Ms. Banes told me after class that I got the highest score. She told me I should sign up for her journalism class next year!”
They can’t.
They eat in silence. Dean processes. His head feels like it’s spinning at a million miles an hour. Cas is alive, for one. He’s human now. And he’s a friggin’
On his days off, Dean teaches Claire how to drive. Cas goes with them the first few times, curious and without anything better to do, and he sits in the backseat and watches with pride as Dean first teaches Claire how to drive in the truck before putting her behind the wheel of a stick shift, too. Claire’s good, too. She takes the instructions well and she’s excited to learn and she preens under Dean’s praise when he compliments her.
Cas exhales into the line. “I suppose. But he knows it means something to you.”
Dean swallows around the lump in his throat and turns his face towards the sky and curses the knowledge that there’s no one he can pray to anymore. No one he trusts to make anything better.
“Novak,” Sam repeats, staring at Dean like he’s grown a second head. Hell, that might make Dean feel better about the whole thing. Sure as hell would be less awkward than this. “Like, Cas’s vessel? Jimmy’s daughter?”
give a big congratulations to Dean, new lead manager of Woody’s Auto Repair and proud founder of Woody’s Towing Company.”
Dean’s stomach turns, and he swallows thickly. “Uh,” he says. “No. Wait, um. Yeah. Probably.”
Dean searches Sam’s face, not entirely sure what he’s looking for. But Sam doesn’t even look him in the eye. Grasping at straws, Dean says finally, “Do you think it was God?”
For the first time, Cas thinks he understands what it means to have a heart break. “I know you did. I’m so sorry.”
Dean goes back out to the car, instead of waiting for Cas’s response, right as Sam’s closing the trunk of the Impala. Bobby’s at his car, leaning against the hood while he waits. Dean says, “You both ready?”
“Cool,” Claire repeats. “I gotta go. Cas is calling me down for dinner.”
just in case any of them see Sam roll through. He stops at gas stations and at the tiny ass library tucked between a tattoo parlor and a smoke shop, but he gets the same response everywhere he goes.
“The fact that she
of Dean, or some shit. “Then we’ll win,” Sam repeats. Jack nods his agreement, and Dean wants to cry. He’s still convinced he doesn’t deserve a family like this.
“Fuck,” Dean says, and he almost means it.
God, his hands are shaking again, and no amount of deep breaths he takes will calm him down. Dean doesn’t want to
It saves him, time and time again.
“It’s a bit small,” Sam tells him, still grinning. He’s proud of his hard work amounting to something tangible—something that they can feel under their hands, something that will provide for this family and their neighbors—and it shines through the way he holds himself. “But we can start with just a few hens, then decide if we want to get more. I don’t think we’ll need a ton. Plus we didn’t want it to take up too much space, especially if we’re expanding the garden next spring, so—”
You meet three gods on a mountain top. One always tells the truth, one always lies, and one tells the truth or lies as he pleases. They understand English but answer in their own language, with sam or dean for yes and no—but you don’t know which is which. You’re allotted three questions that can be asked to one god at a time, and you can ask the same god more than one question. They can only answer with sam or dean. What three questions do you ask to figure out who’s who?
She raises her hand in a small, timid wave. “Hi.”
“What? Hear who?”
Laughs like it’s the funniest thing he’s heard in a while until suddenly the joke isn’t funny to him anymore. “Why do you think, Sam?!” Chuck shouts. Outside, thunder rolls so loud it shakes the silent streets. “Has it ever occurred to you that maybe his character’s just a little played out?”
Cas thinks about a few years ago. Sitting in the pews of a church as a human and scorning God’s name. There was a woman, then, who asked him what he believed in. Who told him that it didn’t matter where his faith laid, as long as it was in something greater than himself.
“What?” Dean says defensively, not looking up. “I’m just saying. Hey, what if we took her somewhere? Just did, like. A family vacation or something. Sammy’ll be here, so everyone can go. We can go to a beach somewhere.”
Last year, Cas had been to ashamed to look at Claire at all—too afraid that she would yell at him, or cry, or beg for her true father back. He didn’t
He doesn’t miss the irony in the way this fight ends with Cas struggling against a version of himself. He’s always been his own greatest downfall.
Dean wraps his fingers around the rough canvas strap. He has to take a deep, steadying breath before he feels as though he’s ready to pull the bag off the shelf. It hits the ground with an anticlimactic thud.
He’s somewhere in Colorado, which seems as good a place as any, so he drives until he passes a sign that says
When the sun does fully set, they light the rest of the firepits, and everyone hangs around for a bit longer. Some kids light off a few fireworks before they get in trouble for doing it unsupervised. He splits his beers with Dean, for a while, until Dean switches to water, then Cas finishes off the last one on his own.
There’s fumbling on the other end of the line as the officer looks for the information. “It says Agent Watts started a file on him last spring, and to call with any information regarding a, uh… Jack Kline?”
Dean lets go of the Blade, and it falls to the grass.
The next few weeks suck even worse, which Dean hadn’t thought possible. He supposes before there was at least some semblance of normalcy in the fact that it was just one place that he was crashing and the same faces greeting him every morning. He feels like shit knowing it took him just one week to fuck the whole thing up, especially after promising Sammy he’d do better this time around. It all just fucking sucks.
or however the scripture goes. All God had required for this sacrifice, this deal, was Sam’s blood dripping onto the ground.
“For god’s sake,” Dean mutters. He grabs his wallet and shoves it in his pocket, turning on his heel. “Jesus Christ. Okay, alright. Stay here. Keep an eye on the kid, I ain’t dealing with a runaway. I’ll be back in like half an hour.”
“Okay, drama queen, no more soap operas for you,” Dean announces. Cas drops his wrist, and Dean makes the damn turn they’ve been sitting at for far too long. “I don’t need celebrations for my shit. I don’t need rewards. I’m doing it because that’s what I’m here for. Way it always goes.”
“You checked the house when you moved in, Dean, and the EMF meter never went off.”
“It’s not easy,” Dean agrees, breaking his silence with a tentative olive branch. Not that he and Cas need it, he thinks. No, it’s just for Cas. Something for him to hold onto.
His gaze is drawn to Claire, as it instinctively tends to be this day, and a more human part of him splits in half at the sight of her frozen and pale at the foot of the stairs. Dean’s cell phone is pressed to her ear.
“It’s an expression, Cas—”
The first thing that Castiel notices is a prayer.
The first thing that Cas notices is that his throat is full of smoke.
Jack tugs on a corner of Dean’s jacket. Childlike. “Dean, what is this place?”
The Winchesters close in on Chuck now. And for one glorious, stupid moment, Cas forgets that the brothers are only human. For one foolishly hopeful second, he actually believes that they can win.
“Headache?” Dean guesses, and Cas nods without pulling away. He sighs when Dean reaches up and starts running his fingers through Cas’s hair. “You not drinking enough water or something? You’ve been getting these a lot.”
“Hey, sweetheart,” Dean murmurs against his mouth. “Missed you.”
Dean puts in the mixtape Cas made for him.
spend an eternity like this. Tormented by memories that are tainted by a desire he shouldn’t even be capable of. He’d rather be nothing at all.
“Oh, wow,” Cas murmurs.
Though he’s not entirely sure how, Cas gains a reputation at the rec center, and he becomes quite a popular instructor for a few courses he’d never expected to teach. There’s the stained glass class, of course, that Mildred attends faithfully every week even though she’s the one who taught him everything he knows. He accidentally starts a book club with a woman named Alexis when they spend the majority of the class discussing their most recent reads. She has a quick wit and more recommendations than Cas can even write down, and it turns into an event that he hosts once a week and slowly starts to grow. He learns pottery from an instructor called Aja, and thanks to their glowing recommendation before stepping down, he earns himself another class.
Cas lets out a slow, controlled breath. “I know you have a lot of questions,” he starts, and Dean snorts, because, well,
An unremarkable event by any standards. It’s why no one pays any mind as Castiel reaches out, just moments after his creation, to pull on the thread of a prayer unravelling in front of him. He pulls on it, and pulls on it, and pulls on it. He knits his wings out of the prayer, while his brothers or sisters make theirs out of stardust or sunlight or gold. The prayer says,
Castiel is sitting on the edge of Dean’s bed when Dean comes back, looking every inch the angel he no longer is with a ramrod-straight spine and eyes that seem to be seeing somewhere much farther than this room. He doesn’t even flinch when Dean drops the bag onto the bed, just a few feet away from him. It sours Dean’s stomach in a way he can’t really put into words. In another life, in a better world, Cas in his
He can hear Lorinda out there, as she hands out drinks. Mostly he hears the boys start yelling and talking over one another in excited voices until hers rises above all of them and they fall silent to listen to her. It’s wonderfully childish, and it makes Dean smile.
“Of course I will,” Jack says. God, he’s so fucking young. And now Dean’s damned him and all of them to immortality. Dean’s eyes start to burn, but he forces himself to look up at last and meet Jack’s eye. Jack’s gaze is soft. “We’ll never be far behind you, Dean. I don’t think any of us could stand it.”
It’s somewhat of a miracle that no one else catches the flu as Claire recovers, and it’s something they’re all thankful for. Sam hits the road again early December, promising to be back before Claire starts her winter break, and they all watch from the front porch as he leaves.
“Well, he
There’s a sharp silence between them for a moment.
Cas paints a picture of how God poured out star molecules like marbles from a bag, and how He told His children to gather handfuls to stitch together. Cas talks about his siblings, greedily scooping up handfuls and knitting pieces together as fast as they could, and he talks about patchwork creations being placed into the sky. And he tells Claire about a young angel, perplexed by it all, who took his time choosing the pieces of his stars. Who crafted each one with a careful thought that none of his siblings seemed to have the patience for. He only made a few stars, in total, because of it. His siblings made hundreds.
It won’t snow, but the grey sky threatens it all the same.
The garrison receives their new commandment, and so an army of angels lays siege to Hell.
her to be angry with him, but he knew that she must be. So he gave Claire a wide berth, and if anyone noticed anything out of the ordinary, no one said a thing.
Dean resists the urge to roll his eyes, knowing it won’t get them anywhere. “You see any other girls ‘round here? Dumbass. Obviously Claire. Where’s her mom?”
“I dropped Claire off at school,” Cas says. He hangs his coat up in the closet. The weather ain’t terrible, for September, but Dean thinks Cas likes the familiarity of a coat no matter what. “Then I spoke with her counselor, for a moment. She’s doing great, by the way. Her counselor is proud of how Claire’s doing.”
“No, I just mean,” Sam tries again. “This clearly means a lot to you. So it’s. I’m just glad I get to see it, is all. And I’m. I’m happy for you.”
Cas reaches out to wrap his fingers around Dean’s wrist, habitual. But Dean just knocks their knuckles together and gives him a small smile. Then he turns on his heel and heads towards the kitchen, asking over his shoulder, “So. Anyone up for a good old-fashioned hot chocolate?”
human being I will ever know.”
“Bobby,” Sam tries to argue, but it’s halfhearted at best. They’re all too tired for anything more than this.
Sam hums. They let it fall quiet for a moment. Dean counts the mile markers as they pass. Finally, smugly, Sam asks, “Does this mean I’m an uncle now, or?”
Dean reaches up before Cas can speak again, and wraps his fingers around Cas’s wrist. His eyes are wild, filled with tears, but his gaze never leaves Cas’s face. “It’s gonna take you, but we’re bringing you back, you hear me? We’re bringing you back.”
“We’re almost at the end,” Jack tells him, voice soft. Cas already knows.
“Have full custody of Claire now, yes,” Cas says. He takes a napkin and wipes ketchup from the side of his mouth. He’s either oblivious or uncaring to the way Dean tracks the movement, still startled by the normalcy of it all. “I’m not sure I can say by all legal terms, as the way I went about this was decidedly not legal, but. Claire is my daughter now.”
“Yeah, ‘course,” Dean tells him. He turns instinctively when he hears puttering coming from the kitchen. When Cas appears, Dean can’t help but smile at him. “Hey, Cas.”
“Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for love,” Cas says. He chooses his words carefully, praying that Dean understands. “You raised your little brother for love. You fought for this whole world
Habit nearly makes Cas tell Dean he can stop, that he doesn’t have to do this, that Cas knows what he means without having to hear the words. But it dies in his throat, and all Cas can do is keep blinking at Dean, a little bit stunned.
Affronted, Dean hands the packet to Cas and puts the car in park before turning in his seat and giving Cas another incredulous look. It takes a minute for Cas to finally sigh and turn to look at Dean.
Dean can’t help but laugh at that. “You’re telling me.”
The force of Cas’s gaze should be enough to send Dean stumbling back on his heels. And maybe it would, if this were two years and an Apocalypse ago. If it were before he had moved into Dean’s house. Before Dean had seen him groggily spill coffee on himself because it was too early. Before he’d sat at their kitchen table painstakingly helping Claire with her biology homework. Before he’d pressed his mouth to Dean’s like it was something he’d thought of doing a hundred times. Like it was something he couldn’t wait to do again and again. There’s still power behind that gaze. Dean will never stop being in awe of it. But he knows Cas now, and he knows that when Cas looks like that, it’s only because he’s scared.
Bobby huffs around a sigh. “Y’know, I’ve worked cases on less information than this, but. Damnit, boys, I dunno. I don’t even know where to start digging around with this one.”
—and, oh, there’s that brief and wondrous moment of hesitation at that, the term not quite strong enough—
Dean wipes his mouth with his napkin again and sits back, burger finished. There’s surprise in his voice as he says, “You really care about this.”
Claire scoffs and rolls her eyes. “You sound like a guidance counselor.”
“Why does this sound like a goodbye?” Dean asks quietly.
If sam means yes, then the god who always tells the truth, in this case, would say sam—but so would the god who always lies. If sam means no, they would both still answer sam. The god who chooses randomly won’t help you either way. He may not even be there at all.
Groggily, Dean meets him for a kiss. He doesn’t even open his eyes. “‘Kay?” Dean murmurs.
“Sam,” Cas interrupts. “It’s
In some unknowable way, they are. Both of them began doing what they did out of fear. Cas was only allowed to veer from the path because Dean asked him to; and he’s certain, if given the chance, this Castiel would have done that, too. “Yes,” Castiel agrees. “We are.”
Across from them, Chuck raises an eyebrow. He barely even glances at Jack as the kid slinks out of the barn. Dean wishes he’d get the chance to punch that damn cat-that-ate-the-canary smile right off of Chuck’s stupid face.
Dean pulls him even closer. His voice is apologetic as he says, “I know, m’sorry, I didn’t mean it like that. I just. I don’t think they’re gonna be the good guys you want them to be in this case, sweetheart. This is gonna be a fight we gotta duke out all on our own.”
kid, so when she yanks her arm free of her grip and stands up on shaky legs, he has to let her. She sounds younger than she is with a tremble in her voice as she whispers, “You aren’t my parent, Castiel.”
And Cas answers him, “Because it is.”
Castiel understands it now. Why this creation became God’s favorite.
“Who’s that?” Sam asks, glancing at Dean’s screen.
She’s sitting on her bed, knees to her chest, fiddling with the end of a braid. Some new style she’s been doing every day ever since she started high school. Dean thinks it looks pretty cool, but he knows enough about being a kid that he’s elected to keep that thought to himself.
Here’s one answer: he screws over everyone else to keep his brother safe. Here’s another: he sells his soul to the demon in turn for his brother’s life.
How many of his siblings lay dead at his feet, decimated by an angel who promised them freedom then proved himself no better than their God when they refused to adhere? How long will he spend clawing their blood off of his hands, tasting it on his tongue, seeing it in every reflection of his angel blade? Out, damned spot. He understands now just how murky Hell can be.
Claire nods. “Cool.”
Dean pats her hood as he walks around the car. “Baby? Nah, she runs like a dream. Spend too much time making sure she’s in perfect condition for her to ever give me trouble.”
Dean watches as Cas settles into his own chair at the table. Wondering if he’ll get Bitchy Cas if he speaks up now. Tentatively, he says, “Thanks for lunch.”
“For what?” Cas asks, a little bit startled.
A lifetime's worth of freedoms and fears and everything in between tumbles out of him, and after he’s given everything he has to give, Cas is finally able to breathe. Things start to come into focus after that—the vague details of the bunker’s dungeon, a sigil painted in blood on the door, the witchy smell of flowers and ozone. And, closest to him, right in Cas’s line of sight and one of the greatest things he’s ever seen, Dean Winchester.
And in its most crucial hour, it saves Castiel’s family. It saves Dean.
“I’m here,” Cas answers. He sits down in one of the classroom chairs. “Hello, Sam. Did you just say you’re coming home?”
Stull is silent, when he climbs out of his car. Just a place with people buried in dirt. The makeshift cross Dean threw together for Sam is right where he left it. The dirt is undisturbed, the trees still standing, and there’s not the spectacular smell of ozone that greeted Dean when he clawed his way out of his own grave. Dean doesn’t know what to do with the disappointment that he holds in his hands.
Told you, it’s easy. You go back to the beginning.
Lunch, first, he decides, and then he’ll cut his losses for the afternoon and resign himself to a few fitful hours of sleep before it’s back to searching and trying to get himself and Sammy to Bennett as soon as possible.
An even rarer sight in the garden is Claire, who only truly comes out when she’s bored of something inside and a little bit tempted to bother Cas. He never minds that, either. Any time he gets to spend with Claire feels like a gift. She finds him in the middle of planting the lavender that Sam had dropped off the last time he’d stopped by, and she frowns at a patch of dirt near the edge.
And Dean gets it. He
“I mean with being human, dumbass,” Dean says, rolling his eyes. “I haven’t checked. We’ve been really focused on making sure Claire’s adjusting, but, like. You’re adjusting too, you know? Flightless bird turned human. How are you doing with all that?”
“Who else would I kiss like this?” Cas asks, a challenge and a promise, and he tugs Dean back up to prove it. He rests the palm of his free hand against Dean’s collarbone. Above his tattoo. Close, again, to his heartbeat, Cas’s favorite place to be. “Who else would I love like you? Everything I have ever done, everything that has ever meant anything, has been done because of you. For you. With you.”
“Fuck off,” Dean says. He can’t help but pause, anyway. “Do you want to be?”
Sam doesn’t have a response to that. Cas just forces a smile anyway and goes back to his own room to take a shower.
“You don’t have to say it,” Cas tells him, when Dean tries. Cas wishes he could smooth the furrow in Dean’s brow, wishes he could make Dean understand. They just don’t have enough time.
Dean’s heart is in his throat. His heart is five hundred miles west of here, in the palm of Cas’s open hands. He wants Cas to say it. He doesn’t want Cas to say it like this. The enormity of it all is sitting in the car with him, like a passenger who he can’t look in the eye. He doesn’t feel lonely anymore, and he’s never been more alone. Finally, Dean says, “I know, Cas.”
“Fuck,” Dean says, and he ends the conversation for a moment by picking his burger back up and diving in.
“Dude, are you jealous?” he asks, and Cas’s gaze snaps to him sharply. “You can help take cabinets down too, you know. I won’t even make you show me your homework to prove it’s done before I let you take a swing.”
The seconds that pass between Dean putting the offer out there and Cas’s response feel like the longest amount of time Dean’s ever endured, but after several heart-pounding moments, Cas finally smiles at Dean like Dean’s just offered him the solution for world peace.
“You’re still here,” Claire mumbles, and she rests her head on his shoulder. He is, Cas thinks. And he always will be, so long as he has any say in the matter. They’re out there for a while, long enough for Cas to lose track of the time. Long enough for Claire to grow bored of the silence and ask, rather suddenly, “Did you make any of these stars?”
“What?” Dean asks. “You mean about you being human?”
Sam hugs Bobby again, and no one seems surprised when Dean goes in for a hug, too. He thinks they’re all over pretending like it ain’t worth it to hold on to the people you care about. Dean turns off the lights before leading Sam up the stairs and pointing at the open door that leads to Cas’s room.
Castiel studies Dean’s face. Really,
He stops for gas when he crosses the Colorado-Kansas border, since he didn’t fill up before he hit the road. Some twenty-four hour place where the cashier isn’t surprised when the front door jingles as Dean enters. She rings up his coffee and pack of gum tiredly, asking him, “Long drive ahead of you?”
Oh, maybe it is. Maybe here, away from prying hands and an unbeatable God and the shadow of his impending death hovering in the background, Cas can admit that Dean’s longing has changed. Has gotten stronger, perhaps even sweeter. Enough now that Cas has begun to believe that Dean would blossom under his touch, instead of shrivelling away. They’d both welcome it. If Cas is admitting things to himself, now, then he has to accept that he’s known this specific fact to be true for years.
Cas has already booked them two joined rooms back at the motel, and Claire walks into the second one and closes the door behind her the moment they get out of the car. To his credit, Cas doesn’t even look put out by it. He just holds the manilla folder of fake documents close to his chest and goes into the unoccupied room, leaving Dean to follow him.
“You kept your promise to him,” Sam adds. He reaches back and cuffs Jack on the shoulder, giving him a small smile. One that Jack tentatively returns. “He’d be proud of you for that. Cas would be proud.”
“C’mon,” Dean groans. He ducks his head before they can see the way that made a tear or two spring to his eyes. “You’re gonna say that to me right as I’m walking out the door?”
And he doesn’t know how to explain it other than, “I didn’t. Now I do,” but Theresa must recognize something in his tone or know when to leave well enough alone because she just tells him to let her know when he’s back in town and yells at him that he better bring his family around once they’re all back before hanging up on him.
“Sam,” Cas guesses.
Cas mulls that over. She won’t look at him again, and it hits him why suddenly. He swallows the sea water that threatens to fill his lungs, refusing to let this drown him, and he tells her, “It’s alright if it is. And it’s alright if you’re angry at me because of it.”
As long as he lives.
“It’s my head,” Cas gasps. The words claw themselves free. “They’re—I can hear them.
“I know you didn’t,” Cas promises, and he cradles her head as though she’s far younger than she truly is. She clings to his shirt. She isn’t a baby, and he didn’t know her when she was, but he holds her now and rocks her like she still could be and she lets him and that alone feels like a miracle of a rare merit.
“What are you laughin’ at?” Dean murmurs, feigning affront, but hardly breaking the kiss to ask his question. Cas has lost count of how many times they’ve kissed like this. Lazy then heated then laughing and always caught up in the moment.
Existing is a fickle thing. One moment there was nothing, and the next, there was an irreversible burst of energy that didn’t even leave a tangible impression on the angels that came before him. It doesn’t matter; it’s how every angel comes into existence, and this is something they all know even as early as the beginning.
Theresa and Pete’s house isn’t large, by any means, but their yard sure as hell is, and it’s set up for a feast by the time Dean rolls the Impala onto the lot. He whistles under his breath, and Pete meets them halfway down the driveway. “Who are we expecting, the president?”
Steadily, Cas shifts so that he can wrap an around around Dean, keeping them close, tangling their legs together. These days it’s hard to tell who the touch is more comforting for. Cas thinks it’d be fine if it was both of them. He presses a kiss to the tight muscle of Dean’s shoulder. “Then we deal with it when that time comes. We always do.”
he cries out.
And before Dean can panic, before Cas can look at him for confirmation of what to say, before anything can rise up in him and make him say something stupid he’d regret later, Dean says calmly, “He’s taken care of.”
Cas, very charitably, does not tell Dean he told him so. He focuses instead on opening the pill bottle and shaking a few into the palm of his hand.
Just so damn tired.
She’s at least not surprised to see him, when he shows up on her doorstep. She pulls him into a hug and mutters
They tear their way through the corrupt souls. Cas defends the Winchesters and protects every human he can find. And when that isn’t enough, he fights with Belphegor. With Rowena. With Dean. He fights until he finds a good enough reason to leave, and when he has no one else to fight with, Cas goes to war with himself.
“I’m sorry to bother you so early,” he says. He’s got a picture in his wallet of Sammy that’s just shy of a decade old, all smiley and gangly and too tall for his graduation robes, but it’ll have to do. Dean pulls it out and shows it to her. Her name tag says Jenny, and she takes the picture carefully. “I’m, uh. Trying to find my brother. That’s an old picture, he’d be a few years older, but. Long hair? ‘Bout this tall? He, uh. Last time I saw him he had, I think, a blue flannel on? And a jacket. I think it was green, but it might’ve been blue, too.”
For a moment, Bobby’s just quiet. He sounds weary when he says, “What’s in Lawrence?”
“Uh huh,” Dean says, uncertain. Cas kisses him again before letting him go. “Drink all that water, though.”
“Made a promise,” Dean says. “Guess that means I gotta follow through.”
It makes sense, then, why Sam would call him first instead of his brother to let them know he’s coming back, and it continues to make sense as Sam carefully and quietly explains that while, yes, he is coming home and sticking around, he isn’t coming back alone.
He’s not sure when Dean moved from his side of the counter, but suddenly he’s pressing up from behind Cas, and for a gleeful moment Cas thinks perhaps he won’t be the one coercing at all. But Dean’s hand is on his forehead like he’s checking Cas’s temperature. Irritation swells inside of him, and Cas pushes his hand away. “I’m not sick, Dean.”
“I believe in something,” Cas tells her. “Though to be honest, it’s let me down a lot recently.”
Cas finishes his burger before Dean’s even halfway through, and he looks grateful when Dean pushes his fries over. He even drinks the shake. Dean wonders, a bit too late, if the ice cream had been a better idea for Claire or for Cas.
Cas blinks at the both of them. Thinks about the hundreds of years he lived before he ever knew them, and how he’s learned that none of those years even hold a candle to the life he’s lived with this family, in this place. His throat is tight in a way he can’t truly attest to the way he’d woken up coughing. “Like I drowned.”
Dean grins. “Sorry, what was that?”
Cas just shakes his head. They’re pressed so close together Dean feels it instead of seeing it. “We have time,” Cas says slowly. “You aren’t… Will you leave again? With Sam?”
The lack of commandment feels unbearable, in the moments where Castiel allows himself to think about it for more than a second. There are still times where he catches himself waiting for someone to give him directions. He doesn’t know if he would even follow them now, if they came, but he expects them nonetheless. As a soldier of the Lord, acceptance and obedience where the only things he knew. Creation was life, death was death. Orders were orders. And angels wouldn’t waver or hesitate or question. They called it devotion. They called it
“God,” Claire complains, but instead of stomping out of the kitchen like Dean expects, she surprises him and takes the other folding chair from where it had been leaning against the wall, setting it up and plopping into a spot next to Cas. Hell, even
Jack resigns himself to his fate. He goes to his knees, a martyr just like all three of the men who raised him, and he waits patiently on the wrong side of a gun.
Cas staggers backwards under the weight of his shock, and a strangled cry breaks out of him. His head is
“I know, Jack,” Dean tells him. It still hurts to breathe.
A young boy draws a hopscotch pattern on the sidewalk outside of the gas station, and Castiel watches patron after patron stop and smile at it before skipping through, no matter how old they are. An older gentleman buys a candy ring and gives it to his wife of fifty years. Teenagers stop to fill up their cars and they sing along to their radio without a care in the world. Day in and day out, Cas will compliment a tie that he likes, or a pin on a backpack, or a streak of pink hair, and almost always he’s rewarded with a quietly pleased smile.
AND THANK U TO G!!! who read over the parts of this i sent to her in a panic and gave me an official Sam Girl Seal of Approval. anything sam related was essentially written for her<3 thanks for the samgirlisms g.
And someone else, someone decided that I should be the bad guy, someone else chose me before I was even old enough to walk. I’m not letting it happen for this kid, alright? I’m not.”
Bobby pushes off of his car and adjusts his hat, muttering gruffly, “I know how to tail someone, boy, didn’t need the lesson.”
It could overwhelm him, if he dared let it. This, the irrefutable truth that he is human now and that his days consist of habitual things. Sometimes it does, he thinks, on the days where there’s a pressure that makes his head ache and his eyes hurt. Sometimes it startles him how much everything could have changed in the span of just one ordinary, human year. But those are also the days, it seems, when Claire knows to laugh a little more brightly, or where Sam looks at him with a happy glint in his eye, or where Dean kisses his temple in the exact spot where the pressure is the worst, and Cas forgets about the headaches at all.
The thought of it makes Dean look away. Staring at the ground, he mutters, “Last time he was here he said I didn’t think I deserved to be saved. And the last thing he ever did was try to prove to me that I did. So. Figured this was fitting.”
Dean shakes her hand. “I’m Dean, that’s my brother, Sam. My daughter, Claire, and my, uh. My partner. Cas.”
“It was the food,” Dean tells her, and he grunts when she elbows him playfully.
“For all of it,” Claire whispers.
He throws his arms around Dean, when Dean finally climbs back down and rejoins Cas, and says accusingly, “You didn’t tell me you were thinking about any of this.”
They eat dinner together, then settle in for a movie together. Cas relaxes into Dean’s embrace but doesn’t take his eyes off Claire once. But she doesn’t say anything. She doesn’t look at him with sad eyes, and she doesn’t get mad at him over anything small. She doesn’t storm away when he squeezes her shoulder. They just continue on.
There’s a moment of silence. His heart feels far too heavy to be held up by his ribs. Finally, Claire croaks out, “Dad?”
Dean sighs and drops his phone back into his pocket. He leans against the back of the bench, raising his hands to his face and scrubbing at his eyes as his lack of sleep finally catches up to him.
If Dean looks hard enough, the worry lines come back. The scars are still there. But he doesn’t want to be that guy anymore.
After they beat Chuck once and for all—after Amara ripped herself free, and after she took on the God mantle for herself—nearly everything went back to normal. For the things that didn’t, the Winchesters decided they’d take care of themselves.
Don’t fall asleep at the wheel now. Here’s a brain teaser to keep you sharp.
his brother answers. There’s a mischief in his voice that an archangel has no logical need for. Castiel doesn’t understand. This isn’t right, he’s certain—this happened before, and it wasn’t like this.
“I…” Sam starts to say. There’s a moment where he looks lost, younger again, before his brow furrows and he frowns. Cas knows what they’re both thinking—even if Sam hadn’t been actively thinking of it, he’s been sticking around a lot more and for much longer periods of time. “Cas, there’s still. There’s something out there, still. I haven’t found it.”
“I’ll be back soon,” Cas promises, though he’s not sure he’ll truthfully follow through. He lets go of Dean’s hand and pulls himself silently out of bed. The floorboards creak underneath his feet, the way they always seem to do only when he’s trying to keep quiet, but Dean doesn’t stir again. Cas closes the door behind him and goes downstairs.
everything. Because he was there for everything.
It means something to all of them. But some things are better than others. And while it may be the first day that Dean remembers meeting Castiel, it’s also the day that Claire Novak lost her father. So they don’t speak about it.
“I’m just trying to figure out what we’re doing here, Dean,” Lisa says. Her eyes track him as he sits back down, in his same spot, and picks up the near-empty glass of whiskey once again. “You showed up on my doorstep a week ago, but you’ve spent every night on the couch. You’re normal at dinner but drink yourself to sleep every time Ben and I go to bed. You’ve had nightmares every night, but we keep pretending we can’t hear it. Are you here for me? For… for us? Because I can’t just. I can’t just do that to Ben, not without. Explaining it.”
to speak to the guy every time they’re in the same vicinity. If Cas wants to act like a toddler, Dean’ll let him. No one holds a grudge like Cas.
“Someone piss in your Cheerios?” he asks.
Cas nods as he eats. Dean feels bad for a second,
Bobby raps his knuckles on the Impala window. “You gon’ sit in there all day?”
“It’s after midnight, you know,” Cas says, against the shell of Dean’s ear. Pressed tightly to one another. Not close enough. “Happy Birthday.”
“I have no idea,” Cas murmurs. It’s his turn, now, to be unable to look Sam in the eye. “I try not to allow myself to dwell on it for too long.”
The corner of Chuck’s mouth curls. He spits out, “Castiel was broken before he even came off the line.”
that he’s struck up conversation with the guy as he’s just sitting and trying to enjoy a friggin’ meal. Still, it was Cas who brought this up, not Dean, so he thinks fuck it.
He doesn’t even have time to grieve. There’s another fight they have to survive, because there will
“I know,” Cas admits, and he closes his eyes so he doesn’t have to watch as Jack disappears.
Dean focuses back on what really matters. “You gonna tell me what you’re working on? You’ve never even mentioned you had a project. What does that even mean?”
Overwhelmed with relief and exhaustion, Cas lets his head tilt back against the truck of the tree he’d chosen as refuge. Dean’s voice is clear as a bell. Same as it always is. Cas has lost a lot of things since he began to fall, and he may not be as powerful as he was once before, but it never affected his ability to hear prayers. Some days he wonders if that’s more out of his own stubborn determination to hear them than anything else.
“You saying you don’t want to keep this shit?” Dean asks, but it’s an empty threat and they both know it.
“Should we be letting him through a tantrum like this? Like, should we check on him?” Claire asks. She leans forward when Cas dips the nail polish brush back into the bottle, wiggling her toes. “Sorry, you missed a little spot right there.”
“I’m sorry,” she hiccups, still crying. Cas brushes her hair out of her face and wipes her tears with the pads of his thumb.
“Would you trust my gut?” Dean asks. “If you were here?”
“That so does not count,” she tells him.
It makes him smile. “They are,” he agrees.
“Good to hear from you, too,” Dean mutters. There’s a headache forming behind his right eye, and he rubs at it tiredly. “What’s got your panties in a twist?”
But then Chuck’s gaze drops to the handprint on Dean’s jacket and Dean’s heart drops into his stomach again. Chuck’s smile turns lecherous. “You know, I was just about to ask what happened to your guard dog. Let the mutt out of the cage, did we?”
She’s sick for the better part of the week.
“You’re an old sap,” Dean mumbles. His cheeks turn pink.
God, it’s like their kids all over again. Dean looks back at him, and for a second all he can see is his baby brother’s face earnestly looking at him from the other side of the bed that they shared until they grew too big.
“I didn’t have Cheerios for breakfast this morning,” Cas tells him, and his head tilts in that dorky way it does when something goes over his head. “You made us french toast.”
“I’m twenty-eight, Dean, I’ve gone grocery shopping without you before,” Sam retorts.
“Theresa gave me the day off,” Dean tells him. He rocks back on his heels as Cas closes and locks the Impala before meeting him on the deck. “It was slow as shit at the shop. I think I was annoying her with my singing.”
“I do,” Dean confirms, exasperated.
“No, but that’s what I’m saying,” Claire whispers urgently, and she starts to cry again. “I get so mad at you sometimes, but it isn’t your
“Hi, Cas,” she says. “No Dean or Claire today, huh?”
Dean grins. “Yeah?”
For a moment, all he can do is rest his forehead against the door with his hand still on the doorknob and take a few deep breaths, one right after another. Then the other piece of his heart starts to call from him from behind another closed door, and Cas pads quietly across the house until he can crawl back into bed and pull Dean close to his chest.
Chuck can take his epic ending, Cas thinks, and shove it up his ass.
Standing in the wings, a twisted version of a director for a play with no willing participants, Chuck waits and watches and grins. Ever the writer, the puppet-master, the man behind the curtain with all the grandeur in the world but no true lick of talent when it comes down to it. This is Chuck’s ending. And it’s
Most days, he doesn’t miss Heaven. He doesn’t regret anything that led him to this house, and the people he protects under its roof, and this life that he carved out of things he’s still not sure he deserved. And while he know—with a certainty that he didn’t truly felt when he served Heaven—that there is nothing he would do if he thought it would sacrifice this, there are still times where he aches for a part of him that was cut out.
“Claire,” Cas says again, because he’s not sure what else he can say.
Cas nudges Dean’s glasses back into place on the bridge of his nose and squints at the spot Claire points to. “Dean’s an adult, and he’s not having a tantrum. He’s just… processing. It’s better if we don’t, ah. Poke the bear, so to speak.”
“Your sarcasm is getting far too advanced,” Dean mutters.
They screech to a halt in front of some shady-ass building with a cross on the door. Cas is out the door the second the car is in park, barking out, “Stay in the car,” so sharply that Dean’s stunned into staying put. He watches, slack-jawed, as Cas runs up the stairs and slips inside the building, paperwork still clutched in his hands.
Lorinda York lives in a two-story house with a wraparound porch that’s only three streets to the north of where the Winchester’s used to live, back when they were a picture-perfect nuclear family. There are children’s bikes and helmets and scooters all over her front yard, and when Dean climbs out of the Impala, he can hear the kids they probably belong to shrieking in delight from the backyard.
Ten years ago, Castiel and Dean Winchester appeared in the home of a man they believed to only be a prophet. They had stood there, oblivious, as God unknowingly gave them what should have been a crucial clue into understanding why everything was happening the way that it was.
Dean, he’s found, has been one of the most rewarding things to learn about.
Cas doesn’t know how they could, considering they’re only going to the grocery store, but he graciously doesn’t point that out.
“Shut up,” Claire says. “It hasn’t been all bad. Okay?”
The creation he’s spent so long adoring is unwelcoming when he joins their ranks, stripped of his wings and terrified and broke, and still he holds onto faith. He’s seen the better parts of humanity. He just has to find them again. He looks, and he gets hurt, and he’s saved, and he gets hurt again.
“Ain’t that a terrifying thought,” Dean mutters.
He’s losing them both. Even if neither of them die, Cas is losing them. He’s powerless to stop it.
“What happened?” Claire demands.
(See the end of the chapter for
There was this spell, apparently, and there was Jack’s incomprehensible powers, and there was everyone’s love for Cas. Miraculously, it was enough to get them inside of Cas’s head. And then they waited for Cas, as he relived an entire existence, until he was finally ready.
She does that a lot. Asks questions. And if Dean is being honest, he friggin’ loves it when she does. It’s awesome to get to explain something that makes sense to him on a level that not a lot of shit does, but even better than that is that Claire actually gives a shit. She takes whatever information Dean tosses her way and she stores it. Sometimes he sees her lingering as he works, shuffling her weight back and forth from foot to foot, and he knows she’s trying to build up the nerve to ask him if he needs any help. He’s seen nearly that same exact expression on Sam’s face, twenty years ago, when they were just kids. Still, she hasn’t asked yet. It surprises Dean that he hopes she does.
I HOPE U ENJOY... it's new years for this liddol family :D
There are stories of the first wave to ever crash along an empty shore and the only angel around to hear the sound that it made. There is a story about a fish, and an older brother, and a seed of doubt. There is a story about fate, and there is the story that was supposed to play out, and then there is the truth about an angel whose chassis cracked the moment his hand first touched the soul of a righteous man. There is the truth about that seed of doubt that took root in the broken framework and grew into something beautiful, into something nurturing.
Dean Winchester’s soul shines, brighter than sunlight, lighting up the room. And Cas smiles.
“Yeah,” he croaks out. Admitting it for the first time.
Christ, they’ve got so much to talk about. Dean’s not even sure they’ve got the time. He’d gotten the unimportant shit, back at Lorinda’s house, but one warning look from Sam had told him to keep his trap shut about anything Hell-related until they were somewhere else. The basics he’d gotten then were limited to finding out Sam woke up three days ago, in front of the Winchester’s old house, and that he’d gone into Lorinda’s diner looking for warmth and a cell phone and left with a couch to crash on so long as he helped around her house until he got what he needed to get the hell out of dodge. Then Dean had showed up.
There’s echoing footsteps, then Dean’s panicked voice snapping out, “Claire, I told you to stay upstairs!” Then Dean lets go of his face and gets his hands underneath Castiel’s arms, hauling them both back up to their feet.
Still standing in the doorway, Claire sniffles. No one can tell whether it’s from congestion or tears.
Cas nods. “Yes. I didn’t realize how much I had thought about it until I had a moment to put it into words. It was… educational, to voice it. To give it a name.”
And Lisa’s got more fire in her than anyone else Dean has ever met, he’s known that since the day he met her, but it still startles him when she whirls back around and jabs a finger into his chest. Her voice doesn’t even shake as she tells him, “The only reason I’m not throwing you out on your ass for that comment alone is because I know you’re grieving and you’re drunk, and because your brother only died a few days ago, and I’m a better person than that. But don’t you
Cas turns his head just enough to catch Dean’s eye. Dean smiles at him, warm and bright and far more consistent than any part of the sky. A North Star carved and placed just for this house. Just for this family. Cas smiles back.
Bobby doesn’t even look surprised when Dean hands off the rings to him. He just follows Dean mutely as Dean walks towards the Impala and yanks open the door. Dean doesn’t protest when Bobby pulls him into a hug before letting Dean get in the car. “What are you gonna do next?”
“Just through there,” he mutters, keeping his voice low so he won’t wake Claire up. “Bathroom’s that door, if you need it. My room’s down that way, if you need anything. Uh, we’ll be up pretty early to take Claire to school, but. You can sleep in. If you need.”
“It’s like I can never breathe,” Cas states. “I feel like…”
Dean looks back at him, eyes full of understanding. It’s not worth both of them staying home today, especially with Sam here, too, but Dean still looks regretful as he leaves. He gives Cas a quick kiss before he goes, and Cas promises to call if Claire gets worse, then Dean braves the cold November wind and heads to work.
of you it just might kill me.”
things. He quite prefers it to knowing things.
“Dean,” Castiel manages to say.
Dean wipes his hands on his pants. His fingers are still caked in dried blood. Even that feels like eons ago. “Now we get the hell outta dodge.”
Cas looks at him steadfastly. “It’s not always easy,” he admits. “I’m not very good at letting things go most of the time. That’s why there’s a teenager living with us that’s, ah. How did Dean say it? ‘Eating us out of house and home.’”
He stops. Trails off. Cas’s eyes are distant and glazed, but he’s not done. Dean knows enough about him to know that much, so he waits. Gives Cas a minute to get to what he really needs to say.
But Claire is just a kid, and she’s not even
under there, and it turns the otherwise godawful task into something he’s actually excited about. Cas doesn’t really understand the pep it puts in Dean’s step, but he seems to like the fact that Dean is whistling cheerfully as he works.
“You have to go through all of it, don’t you?” Jack asks. His voice is sad and yet full of understanding. Castiel lived a millennia, he was
Around a yawn, Sam says, “Think you can give me the tour tomorrow? Been a long night.”
The house is quiet. He hates it. He has half the mind to go into Claire’s room just to turn on some music so it can seem like she’s here. Dean pulls his phone out of his pocket and debates whether or not he should text Cas.
Dean is long and smooth lines of muscle that radiates heat like a furnace, and there are times where Cas feels like he can’t touch enough of Dean at once. He’s desperate for it, sometimes. For the brush of their skin together and the frantic press of Dean’s mouth against his and the width of Dean’s hands splayed across his hipbone.
It’s still late by the time she pulls away, and she still has her first day of school in the morning and she still should be in bed, but Claire’s eyes are rimmed red and Cas’s heart is bleeding so he lets her stay up until she finishes her tea then places their mugs in the sinks to be washed in the morning. She doesn’t protest when he walks her up to bed, though she does roll her eyes when he turns on her nightlight before turning to leave.
There’s a frown on Cas’s face that makes Dean’s stomach feel heavy as lead. “No,” he says shortly.
“Sometimes it’s just a lot,” Claire breathes out. It’s all a whisper, a secret she must barely feel like she can confess. Cas feels as though he should cup it in his hands and put it somewhere safe. It’s trust she’s putting into him right now, and he’s terrified of dropping it. “Sometimes I just… I think about everything, you know? Angels are real. Demons are real. There are freaking monsters out there, and there are people that
Cas reaches up and touches the corner of his mouth like he doesn’t know what it might be doing.
“I had lunch,” Cas answers. With his empty hand, he reaches up and touches Dean’s cheek, leading him down for a real kiss. His lips are chapped. “I’ll be fine until dinner.”
Dean kinda thinks that the emotion might be hope. Fucking idiot.
“Dean,” Sam says, relieved. His shoulders sag. He looks just as small as the gangly high school graduate from the picture in Dean’s wallet, and Dean’s about three seconds from falling entirely apart at the thought of it. “You came.”
It starts with a knock on the bedroom door, and Sam tentatively peeking his head inside. Dean’s already up, in the shower by the sounds of it, so Cas sits up blearily and asks, “Sam? Is everything alright?”
And Cas
“Whatever you say,” she mutters, clearly bored, and Dean follows her back to her car to sign the last of the paperwork before she climbs back into her car and takes off.
Dean breathes carefully. In, and out. “Yeah. I mean. I’m so friggin’ thrilled that he’s back, you know? And it seems like, for good, which. It’s good. Think both of us deserve a chance to be out of that life, and. Hell, you know I want him here. But. He’s got, just, so much blind faith in this chick. Kelly. And since she thinks her baby’s good, Sam says that’s good enough and that he thinks so, too. It scares me, you know? Kid’s naive. I mean. He isn’t, he’s. Christ, he’s gone through more than even I have, but. He’s still… he’s still just my pain in the ass little brother, right? So what if he’s wrong about this?”
Grumbling, Dean bends down to grab her shoes, keeping them in his hands to take with him when he goes upstairs. He stops by the couch before, pressing a kiss to Cas’s cheekbone. Cas leans into it and takes a deep breath. It must have been a busy day, because Dean smells of motor oil and heavy sweat in a way he only does when they take too many walk-ins.
“We can do just as much research at your place as we can in some shady motel room that ain’t comfortable for any of us,” Bobby points out. “And I figure you’re itchin’ something bad to get back to your people.”
By morning, her fever has finally broken and there’s a genuine smile on her face that lessens a knot in everyone’s chest. Claire’s got an appetite that she hasn’t had in days. It’s an overwhelming relief.
proud of you, dumbass. Dean, you sound
Sam, at some point, must go to the store, because he returns a little while later when Claire is still asleep and sets up a humidifier in her room and hands Cas a variety of different flu medications. She’s grumpy and emotional when they stir her awake, taking the medicine and drinking the water when instructed before pushing Cas out of her bed and turning to face the wall when she starts to cry again. Cas leaves feeling downtrodden and helpless, but he shuts the door behind him as he goes to allow her some privacy once again.
He’s not able to hear her prayers anymore, but he knows what she’s asking for, anyway.
Cain had warned Dean, once, that their lives would be a series of the same events, just lived out in reverse.
“I can,” he says quietly. “And I can’t. It’s very likely I’ll hold my breath the whole time. But. You’re my friend, Sam, and I trust you. I’ll, uh… back your play, if you’re serious about this.”
Sam takes a deep breath. Dean’s terrified to look at him.
With nothing else to do besides stare absentmindedly at the road and numbly switch cassettes each time they reach their end, Dean ignores the twist in his stomach and he starts to wonder about Sam. Whether or not he’ll know who Dean is, once Dean finds him, or if something so god-awful went down in the Cage that Sam came up repressed as all hell without even a suspicion of who he might be.
Dean looks around. It’s a nice house. Bigger than his, though it doesn’t take much. Lived in. A couch with a blanket half folded on one of the seats. Homework on the counter that didn’t get put away right. Cleats and ballet slippers by the door that Dean assumes leads to the garage. It’s exactly the kind of place he’d imagine a diner owner to live in, and it makes his chest ache for his own couch at kitchen table back at home.
“Man, that’s what every kid wants. A Christmas present they can use for school.”
Dean throws another piece of flooring and grins when this one makes it into the trashcan. He gives himself a moment to feel childishly proud. “You know, I seem to remember having a decent amount of homework my freshman year of high school.”
Cas curls up on Dean’s lap, when Dean is finally relinquished from cooking, sharing the camping chair he’d claimed as his own. Dean’s fingers scratch lightly near the too-long hairs at the back of Cas’s neck. Cas fidgets with the stitching on the shoulder of Dean’s t-shirt.
A brief list of facts about the universe that you’ll want to keep in mind before we continue:
He’s smirking even as Dean makes an affronted noise, throwing up his hands. “Fine, fine, I can take a hint. I’ll shut my pie hole until you’re done eating. Just.” And here’s the kicker. Dean hesitates. He freakin’
In the beginning, Castiel only knew one kind of love, and they could only call it worship. It was a blind loyalty more than it was ever love, but it was all he knew how to do. It nearly tore Heaven apart in the end. It was the damned kind of love that was hard to let go of, no matter how many times it hurt Castiel, and it was a love that got muddled when he found a new family to put it on. Something that made him defend them, even when they wouldn’t do the same for them. Familial love, or so he thought. He never had another name for it before.
The sun is up. It peeks through the gap in the curtains, and for a moment, Cas watches a beam of it as it catches the dust motes in the air. He used to be able to notice these kinds of things just as they were, when he was an angel. The molecules and the cells and the way creation stitched and held itself together. But it’s different, somehow, experiencing something similar through human eyes. Something only captured by pure luck of the sun shining through an otherwise obscured window. It takes his breath away.
“Yeah. Well. Whatever, don’t make it a thing. Okay?”
“What?”
He straightens up, knees creaking like they always do these days. He drops his gaze to the grass, in front of the cross. The pocket knife he’d left for Sam is gone.
Cas sounds almost affronted when he chimes in, “Dean is my friend,” and the poor dude looks even more confused by the eye roll Claire tosses his way.
“Oh,” Cas croaks. The quietness that he’s grown familiar with over the past eighteen months breaks like a dam.
“I’m guessing whatever killed them,” Lisa says slowly, “was going to kill all of us unless you stopped it. So I am, Dean, I am sorry for your loss. But. Thank you. I think you deserve to be thanked after whatever it was you did, too.”
“Yeah, that’s,” Dean says, and he stops when a huff of laughter bursts out of him. He shakes his head. “Sorry, dude. That’s just how it feels to be human, I think.”
“Dean!”
“Why?” Jack demands. “Why would you do that?”
Cas’s too-human-heart skips a beat in his chest.
Don’t let the puzzles from before hold you up; they don’t matter anymore. This isn’t a trick question, though it may appear to be. It’s important to remember from here on out that things are not always what they seem. Don’t overthink. What do you do after the last song on the CD plays? When your favorite movie ends and you still don’t feel any better, what do you do?
Cas keeps his eyes on the stairs. Dean was never the mind reader between the two of them, but he can tells there’s a lot happening up there just by the way Cas says, “I’ve hurt her.”
Cas moves to another spot and he kisses there, too. Dean’s breath hitches underneath him. It’s another testament to how miraculous Dean is at all; that Cas can kiss these spaces he’s kissed a hundred times before and still get this response. “And just where do you think I learned it from?”
“An apartment,” Cas says carefully. He looks around the room. “Or… a house, I suppose, if I can get a loan. Some place for Claire and I to reside.”
There’s a tea kettle still sitting next to the stove from the water he’d brewed for his morning tea, so Cas fills it again and turns on the burner. He washes the dishes in the sink while he waits, then wipes down the counter and the table, then moves Claire’s shoes from tossed near the garage door to the foot of the stairs so he can take them up when he returns to bed.
They don’t know how long it’ll stay up in a place like this but they dig two stakes out of the trunk of the Impala and tie them together in a makeshift cross. Dean drives one end into the ground. With shaky fingers, Dean carves a lopsided
is what he would have become, had he lived in a world that never knew Sam and Dean Winchester.
It ends, actually, with a glass of whiskey spilled across a coffee table.
It could be a trap. He knows that. It almost always is, when it comes to the Winchesters and coming back from the friggin’ dead. He feels underprepared. He feels out of practice. And over all of it, over the uncertainty of what he’s walking into and the fear of what he’ll find and the anxiety about leaving Cas and Claire alone, here, he feels an overwhelming kind of grief. Which.
When Dean comes home from work, stomping into the house noisily and cursing when the door opens too hard and hits the wall, Cas doesn’t look up from his book. His attempt to warn Dean is just a moment too short, but he says, “Don’t trip over the—”
“You staying around for a while?” she asks Sam, as Cas grabs them two baskets from the front of the store.
“That may be true,” Cas allows. He glances at the bottle Dean handed him. “Root beer?”
You sound like. You sound like a good dad. Like you really give a shit. Why wouldn’t I be proud of you for that, man?”
Uncomfortably, Dean starts to realize that it’s
do NOT ask me how this chapter ended up being 10k i dont have an answer<3
He can feel the heat of it licking his fingertips. His throat is full of smoke. Castiel had never expected fire to be so heavy, but he can feel the weight of it bearing down against his chest. The pressure almost begs him to breathe, but—he can’t. He can’t. If he opens his mouth, the smoke will tumble out, and this whole place will burn to the ground.
Kevin is fidgety but he’s quick on his feet. Him and Claire become fast friends.
more powerful. Hasn’t it always been?”
He puts his foot down harder on the gas pedal, closing what little distance is left between him and his brother’s dying place.
“What the hell?” Bobby chokes out.
with that! content warnings in this chapter for depictions and discussions of trauma, probably unhealthy coping mechanisms, and descriptions of guilt. take care of yourselves
They forgive him. They don’t. They do. It doesn’t matter, anyway, because he forgets to listen for a long time. He only remembers when it’s almost too late.
Ronnie eases himself to his feet, turning down Cas’s offer to help, and leans heavy on his cane as he takes a few more steps into his booth. “Oh, they’re just thrilled at having a new hive,” Ronnie says. “Gave my granddaughter quite a scare when I took her out there the first time.”
Something about the ease with which Cas said it, maybe. Like it really is
“The last time she was sick like this, Jimmy Novak stayed home from work and nursed her back to health,” Cas murmurs. Sam’s mouth snaps shut audibly. Cas rubs tiredly at his eyes. “She never told me that, but I remember it from—from Jimmy. I’m afraid she’s going to wish he was here instead of me, and be hurt when I’m all she can have.”
“Alright,” Dean says. He catches the kid’s eye in the rearview mirror. “Heya, Claire.”
Cas and Claire stand on the porch and wave goodbye to him as he eases the Impala out of the driveway and onto the road. His bag is in the passenger seat next to him. He can’t help but wish it was anything else. One of them. Both of them. His whole life is them, now, and it’s… strange, going somewhere without them. It sits heavy on his shoulders in a way he can’t think about for too long. There was no way in hell he’d actually bring them along, though. Not with the chance that it might be a trap. Not with Claire being just a friggin’ kid whose already had her life uprooted by the supernatural once. No, they’ve got to stay. And Dean’s got to go. And every part of that fucking
Jack used nearly all of his power to wake him up. A choice, Jack swears, that he’ll never regret.
“Nothing’s wrong,” Cas reassures her, and in the rearview mirror Dean can see it when her shoulders shrug and relax. “Dean was just given the day off today.”
“Dude, duh.”
His phone rings, when he’s fumbling with car keys and half distracted, and even though every part of his body is begging him to be hopeful, Dean pushes it down and answers the call without looking to see who it is. “Hello?”
Dean, surprisingly—magnificently—cracks a smile at that. “Yeah, buddy. You did.”
Dean adds, “Cain, remember? The influence of the Mark should be impossible to contain, but he did it. Didn’t he? And he did it all for his wife.”
“Yes,” Cas says, and there’s almost a smile on his face. Could be a smile if Cas didn’t seem so damn sad. “I’m starting to piece that together.”
“So, you wanna fill me in on what we’re hunting here?” Dean asks gruffly. Cas points to the right without looking up, and Dean rolls his eyes as he flips the turn signal and turns onto the road. “Cas, you’re killin’ me, man. You gotta give me something here.”
“Well,” Dean starts, then stops. It’s not like he can argue with that.
“Plus, you ain’t had me over since you bought the place,” Bobby adds, and his accusing stare makes Dean’s shoulders tense in guilt.
“I’m staying for a while,” Sam says later, after they’ve made it back home and eased the chickens into their new home and are sitting once again in their chairs in the backyard. Claire is dozing against Cas’s shoulder, and she doesn’t move when Cas turns to look at Sam. Quickly, Sam explains, “I figure I should, you know. Since the chickens were half my idea. Just to make sure they adjust alright, and, uh. To help out. Plus that attic is almost done, and. I can help out.”
The breath of relief Sam lets out is tangible enough Cas can practically hold it in his hands. “Thanks, man,” Sam mumbles. “I… seriously, thanks.”
Softly, Sam says, “You didn’t look?”
“Alright,” Cas says, and with that one simple word Dean’s house becomes a little less empty.
It stings. Dean knows Cas doesn’t mean it to sting, but it does all the same. Dean looks out the window and tries to keep his breathing steady. “I visited,” Dean says, and he forces himself to shrug. “But they aren’t a part of this life, and they deserve better than putting up with my crap.”
“I’m coming home,” Sam blurts out, before Cas can even say hello.
“I know that,” Dean answers, exasperated. “It’s just that the last time you and Sammy went shopping together, you came back with a busted old grandfather clock that you
Dean groans as he lowers the hammer to the ground. He takes the goggles off his eyes, leaving them dangling around his neck, and digs his phone out of where it fell between the couch cushions.
“It’ll be fine on it’s own,” Cas murmurs. He smiles at Claire. “Do you want to name him?”
Lucifer snap his neck.”
Claire goes, rolling her eyes, and Cas puts down his mug so he can wrap his arms around Dean once again and pull him close. Dean is huffy and puffy in appearance but Cas can feel the way the tension bleeds out of him once they embrace. “Dean,” Cas says seriously. “We don’t have to get chickens.”
Dean breathes in through his nose, out through his mouth. He readjusts his grip on the steering wheel. Slowly, he admits, “Claire’s, uh. My kid.”
The tea kettle starts to steam, and he takes it off the stove before it’s volume can reach the upstairs. As always, he’s boiled too much water, and has too much left over even after he’s filled his mug. He sets it aside, thinking to himself he’ll finish it later and knowing that he won’t.
It’s too loud for him to even try.
But. Hell. Everything’s starting over now. Maybe he can do better and earn it in this life.
Sam cracks first. Tentatively, he says, “Cas?”
“Dean, c’mon. Didn’t we just go over this? I’m the Everlasting. The Hosts of Hosts. Of course I can, I mean. I
Cas’s expression shudders suddenly, his mouth twisting into a sour frown. He seems smaller than he is when he murmurs, “If I were… If I had still been an angel. I could have heard them. You could have known sooner.”
Dean laughs anyway. “Yeah, well. Then I saved the world. Twice. I think I’m allowed some leeway with shit like emotions now.”
Or, perhaps, it’s better put to say that it just sort of starts over. And, as it is and has been for anyone who knows what it’s like to start over, it’s not the sort of thing that’s done with very much noise at all. Too much noise and you’ve made yourself easy to find again. Too little noise and no one will know that you need to be pulled out. So there’s an unsteady sort of middle ground that’s best to aim for, in the case of starting over. A thin line that splits the past right down the middle; on one side you don’t escape the life, and on the other the life doesn’t escape you.
“Getting me enrolled in school, telling me to sign up for extracurriculars, helping me with my homework…” Claire continues. She’s on a roll now, grinning from ear to ear, and it’s a damn nice moment. Dean wishes Cas were here to see it, too.
Cas nods. His grip is still tight on Dean’s wrist. “I know,” Cas tells him, and neither of them comment on how obvious the skepticism in his voice is. Dean watches as Cas swallows around a lump in his throat. “I’m going to… Claire. You should say goodbye to her, before you go. I’ll go get her.”
But Sam and Dean, still inside the barn, don’t see it. They don’t see anything except for each other, and God, and the four walls around them that somehow promise past and future at the same time. Dean answers God’s question, “Because I know him.”
He had believed that was a good enough exposure to the human potential for getting sick. But it hadn’t, in all honestly, prepared him for how he would react the first time Claire gets sick.
“Finish your homework, Claire,” Dean tells her, and when he closes the door behind him, he’s pretty sure he can still hear her laughing.
There is this house, and the people who live in it and turn it into a home, and there is this salt of the earth life that somehow Cas has been worthy enough to earn. Every day it teaches him something new.
But Jack just shakes his head. “They worried anyway. You should have told them.”
It had been a losing battle since the moment Cas had decided they should finally go into the attic, and everyone knows it, but he still feels a little smug with the victory when Dean groans loudly and throws his hands up in the air and mutters, “Fine, what the hell. Let’s go in the creepy attic, what’s the worst that could happen?”
Pay close attention, because this next part is critical, and you’ve already wasted enough time. Blink, and you’ll miss it. Take it for granted for twelve years, and you’ll lose it. Pray, and it won’t be enough to bring it back.
Jack hesitates when the pastor asks him to give testimony. So Cas steps forward.
“I hate you both,” Claire tells them primly. Her hand is still over her eyes.
“Claire,” Cas calls. She stops in her tracks.
He wonders, about halfway through the drive, if Claire and Cas were able to fall asleep. If they’re tossing and turning and worrying about him the way he’s worrying about them. Claire has school in the morning. Cas’ll have to take her, and Dean won’t be there to make sure they’re both up on time. He wonders if Cas crawled into Dean’s bed to sleep, if for nothing but the comfort and the illusion that Dean could have stayed. He knows that’s what he would have done, if the roles were reversed.
Dean feels like a bad brother. He feels like a bad father, and like a bad…
of Dean’s being. He painstakingly arranged every muscle and nerve and vein and tissue until the Michael Sword was exactly the person he used to be. Castiel used to be thrilled by the idea. Yes—God created man in His own image, but Castiel reconstructed Dean Winchester in the image of no one but himself.
“She in today?” Dean asks. He takes the picture back when she hands it to him, tucking it back into his wallet, where it belongs, in front of the picture of his mom and right next to the picture of Claire and Cas on the front porch of the house.
God had said, and Castiel went off-book.
“And, what, it tuned you back in to angel radio?” Dean asks. Claire sucks in a sharp breath, and Castiel sags forward when the weight of everything feels too heavy to carry much longer. Dean catches him. He always does. His hands are cool against Castiel’s forehead, pushing strands of sweaty hair out of his face. “What’s big enough that it wakes up humans, too?”
Claure laughs at that, too. “Fair enough,” she allows. Cas joins her at the edge of the garden, and together they squat down to look at the worm who’d broken free of the dirt. It squirms under their scrutiny. “Weird lookin’ guy. Do we need to, like, put him back in the dirt?”
“Has Claire told you what she wants for Christmas yet?” Dean asks, returning to the other side of the kitchen. He picks up his mixing bowl again. “We only have a few more days ‘til it’s really crunch time.”
Something in Sam’s shoulders sags in relief, at that, and they fall into an easy silence after that, taking in the coop for a moment longer before going to set up the food and water dishes and anything else they’ll need to have ready when they bring the new chickens home.
A wave crashes down.
It’s a question they ask one another quite often these days.
Sam laughs. Dean chokes out a chuckle of his own, and when Jack rounds the corner with a glass of water in his hands, he smiles without even knowing what the joke was.
Or, Christ. Maybe Dean
There’s a book on the coffee table that’s soaked now from Dean knocking his glass over. Some decorative thing that probably only cost about five bucks and came from some neighbor’s yard sale, but helped to make the table look less empty. He picks it up and wipes uselessly at the sopping pages.
These are the nights that Dean laughs the most freely. These are the nights that Claire needles her way into staying up later, and no one needs much convincing anyway because it’s summer and her uncle is home, and these are the nights where Cas looks heaven bound and realizes that none of it compares to this.
“I am a very old sap and I lived a very long life,” Cas agrees. “And you have by far been my favorite part of it.”
“I didn’t mean it like that,” she mumbles. “I’m sorry.”
Chuck puts his hands in his pockets and rocks his weight back and forth, looking at Sam and Dean with such apathy it makes Dean’s skin crawl. Chuck has almost always looked at them like they’re bugs under the microscope. “Oh, I never said that,” Chuck says to Sam. “But I gotta be honest with you guys, I’m getting a little bored here. And you raised the white flag just a little too late, I mean. Come on, guys! I’ve already done most of the work here. Only one more snap of my fingers and
Cas blinks as he eats another bite of his fried rice. “I’m doing fine, today,” Cas says slowly. “Didn’t we already go over this?”
Dean kisses him again. And again. And again.
Dean must reach the same conclusion, because he tosses the gun aside.
Sleepily, Dean grumbles, “What’s happening?”
He could go back to the room and take a cat nap. He
Claire grins, knowing she’s won the battle before Dean even gets there. In all honesty, she normally does. They have a hard time saying no to her when it comes to harmless things like this. She pokes at him, drawing the word out as she says, “But…”
“Dean,” Cas says again, a bit more urgently. It takes a great deal of focus to slide off of his stool, and even still he staggers once he’s on his feet. Something is
“She still loves you,” Sam tells him, and Cas’s gaze snaps up to meet his. Sam gives him a tired smile. “She’s just a teenager, man. They’re emotional and ornery and it’s rough when they’re sick, but even if she seems like she’s mad at you, she isn’t. She’s gonna be glad you’re here to take care of her.”
“Someone would sleep next to me when I was sick,” Claire admits, the words tumbling out of her in a rush. She hiccups, trying not to let the tears fall. “When I was little, they’d… I used to sleep in their bed, or someone would. Someone would stay with me, when I was sick. Like they were protecting me from the bad virus. And I just…”
Dean manages a smile for Jack, something easy in a way nothing’s been for the last twenty-four hours, and he says, “Cas always had a thing about dramatic entrances, y’know? This was the place I met him for the first time. Raised hell outside and battered against the roof then came in here and blew out almost every light. Never met another angel that liked to announce their presence the way he did.”
“Jack,” Sam murmurs, turning in his seat to shake Jack’s shoulder and wake him up. He’d passed out not long ago, face blotchy from crying and very likely still worn out from Billie’s power surge that nearly killed him a couple of hours ago.
“Have you eaten? You’ll want something in your stomach with those,” Dean murmurs. He shifts his weight back awkwardly, like he’s uncertain of whether or not he wants to pull away yet. Always preoccupied with taking care of someone else.
Sam doesn’t respond, but Cas sees it when he ducks his head and hides his smile.
“Hiya, Sammy,” he chokes out, and he reaches for his baby brother to tug him into a desperate, bone-crushing hug.
“Just brewed a fresh pot,” Dean tells him. Cas lifts his head enough to glance at the machine—it’s full, sure enough, and Cas’s favorite mug is sitting next to it waiting to be used. Cas grins and ducks his face into Dean’s back again.
“And how are you feeling now?” Dean asks, with a raised eyebrow.
What if you said, “if I asked you if the brother that you favored is the older one, would you answer sam?” If sam is yes, the god who always tells the truth would say dean—but so would the god who always lies. If sam is no, they would both answer dean. What we’ve pieced together, here, is that they will always answer with the same word as one another, and they will always answer with the word you use first. So what questions do you ask?
She picks at the nail polish on her fingernails and bites her lip. “I prayed for my dad,” Claire tells him.
Cas smiles at her. He thinks he understands. Carefully, he says, “It definitely prepared me for a few things down here that I wasn’t expecting.”
“Oh, I don’t wanna impose,” Dean tells her, cheeks flushing just from the kind hospitality.
The whole thing only takes him twenty minutes, in all, so he’s back at the motel a lot quicker than he’d expected. Dean’s not sure if Cas was waiting for him or not, sitting at the window until he heard the sound of the Impala rolling up, but Cas is outside when Dean climbs out of the car, and helps him take all the food inside.
She raises an eyebrow back at him, and for one terrifying, exhilarating moment, Dean sees a mirror image of himself at that age. “Really? So pimping out my room like this, that was just because you were secretly hoping one of the bedrooms in your house would look like a teenage girl’s?”
Affronted, Cas argues, “She does not. Those dramatics are something she picked up from you.”
But Dean doesn’t need him to. He huffs around a laugh and drops his head, and Cas lets go of the breath he was holding. “Call me a hypocrite, but I’m glad we used that spell for Eileen, instead. Sammy’s happy. Mom’s at peace. I can live with that.”
to be human. Sadness at all that we’ve lost.”
“Huh,” Chuck says. Considering. “How do you even know that he’d even feel the same again?”
of him.
“A rare moment of sincerity from Dean Winchester,” Cas says, and for a moment Dean’s viscerally reminded that this guy used to be an angel. That this guy used to level entire cities with a swipe of his hand. Heaven’s greatest warrior, sitting at Dean’s table with a piece of rice stuck to his chin. “Are you choking on it?”
She leads them inside the old farmhouse first, ignoring the goat’s bleats of protest and taking them all to a kitchen where she pours them their drinks in some disposable travel cups that they can take with them once they go back out. “It’s not technically mine,” she admits with a wry grin. “It’s Erin’s name on the lease. I only wanted goats when we first moved out here.”
just dealt him. Sam doesn’t know, he doesn’t know about a single part of it, so he looks between the two of them and his brow is pinched in concern and he asks, “Jack, what are you talking about?”
“Peachy,” Dean tells her. “Cas takin’ you to school?”
If there was any fight in Dean, it’s knocked out of him with that one word. His shoulders sag, cut free, and he crawls into their bed, curling himself around Cas. “Sorry I acted like such a dick today.”
He understands it, now. Oh, he understands it. The peace that comes with looking at something bigger and greater than you and not fearing what it plans to do to you. The reassurance that the stars would always be the same, no matter where you are or when you looked. And the comfort that comes with sitting quietly with someone you trust with your life, not needing to fill the silence with anything because a moment like this, just being together, is enough.
“Once,” Dean tells him. Tries to make his voice firm so Cas can get it through his thick fucking skull but not mean enough for Cas to just dismiss it. When Cas still won’t look at him, Dean reaches up and presses against Cas’s jaw to turn his face. “A long time ago. And it wasn’t just you. That was. Shit, man, that was a combination of you and her dad and her mom and the apocalypse and about fifty other things. She doesn’t get that because she’s a kid, and that’s fine, but you need to get it, okay? You hurt her once, but you’re here now. You’re trying now. She just needs, like. A few minutes to get used to it.”
Sam’s quiet, at that. He follows Cas obediently down to the frozen aisles next. He shifts his weight back and forth when they stop, and he chews on his lip, and for a moment Cas is struck by the fact that this is the man who stopped an Apocalypse last year when he was only a few days older than twenty-seven. He looks far younger than that, too, most days, though Cas imagines he often feels much, much older. After a long while, Sam finally says, “I should probably take a page out of your book with that, huh?”
“Ain’t we all,” she murmurs, and she’s back to reading her magazine before Dean even makes it out the door.
“No,” Dean mutters. Jesus, he’s fucking this up so bad. “Claire’s human. Uh, Cas is, too, now. He died, at Stull. Whatever brought him back clipped his wings in the process, so. He’s human. And Claire, she’s, um. Claire Novak.”
“Oh, Jesus Christ,” Dean groans. “Shut up, man. No. This ain’t about me.”
Dean pulls up to some nondescript motel about two miles out of Pontiac, and before he can even put his car in park, Castiel comes barreling out of the lobby like he’s got something to prove. Dean barely has time to reach over and move the packet of documents from the passenger seat before Cas is yanking the passenger door open and sliding inside.
“Christ, that sucks,” Sam murmurs, looking genuinely upset by the prospect. Which again, Dean thinks, is fair. He sure as hell wasn’t too happy about it, either. Quickly, Sam’s expression twists, and he asks, “Wait, sorry, go back. Bobby’s alive? How? I mean, I watched… I
Dean crouches in front of the cross. Sam’s initials are still there. A little worn, from the weather, but there. Dean traces them with the pad of his thumb. He mutters, “Where the hell did they drop you when you came up topside, Sammy?”
There’s not much of a plan, save for driving around town like a jackass and leering at strangers who look about Sam’s height to see if the Sasquatch is just wandering down the town square. Dean makes a pit-stop at a few motels, leaving his first name with each clerk and the message,
He takes a sip of his tea. He’s uncertain of what he should say, anyway.
He turns the music back up. The line moves slowly. But Claire comes barrelling out of the school doors once they pull up, hair flying behind her, and it’s a pretty cool sight. She’s immediately suspicious when she reaches the car and sees both Dean and Cas there, and that’s pretty cool, too. Dean likes to keep people on their toes.
“You can be surprised by something, Dean, just once in your life. It won’t kill you.”
Quietly, Cas goes to the door that connects the two rooms and knocks. He waits for half a minute for no response, then pulls it open and peeks his head inside. Dean catches a glimpse of Claire curled up under the covers on a bed in there, asleep.
now, and it counts for something.
That’s all it takes for Cas to pull his focus entirely from his book. He stops Dean before he gets too far away, putting his hand on Dean’s chest and reeling him in and back down for a real kiss. Dean smiles into it in the way that always makes Cas feel like he’s taken flight again.
content warnings for mild, implied homophobia. canon-typical, and nothing explicitly stated, but the implication is still there. a more-spoilery account can be found in the end notes if you want to know what you're getting into before you get there, but please take care of yourself first!
“We’ll cross that bridge when we get to it,” Cas says, placating, and he turns the page of his book.
heads up for some references to kelly unaliven'ting eventually, some closeted teen anxieties, and, like. general teenage angst. switching to claire pov for this chapter gives us a Lot.
“Like hell,” Bobby tells him, and he drops his bag on the floor of the living room like it proves his point. “You’re gonna sleep in a real bed. That’s the kinda privilege you get when your ass gets busted outta Hell.”
