Bloody hoarding magpie, nabbing anything that took his fancy.
Not that he was likely to get a
“I can have a car – “
Perhaps, he thought as he navigated a group of pre-teen girls who seemed to have forgotten they weren’t one many-limbed creature without an indoor voice, perhaps what he actually wanted for himself was a sense of identity.
All he could do was the same as John. Well, that and act as a human shield, of course, but that was a separate issue.
And just like that, John went from slightly drowsy to high-alert in an instant. After glancing at Sherlock, possibly for confirmation, he gave the cab driver the new address.
The blade itself, when he pulled it out for a quick inspection, was of good quality, too, as far as he could ascertain.
He needed to trust his bond mate, though, not just on the big things, but the small things, too. That meant not watching over and checking up on every small thing he did and believe him when he said something, that he would come to him if it was a problem or that John ought to wait until he had enough evidence to make a proper case of it, as it were.
Instinctively, he kept his voice down so as not to disturb the apparently sleeping figure beside him, even though he knew it was stupid and it would actually be better to raise his voice if that meant he’d wake him.
“Quite. Take away all of that and then answer me this; would you want to be in a relationship with Sherlock? A full, intimate, emotional, physical, romantic relationship, that is, knowing what kind of man he is. Not dragon. Man.”
“I...” he started then stopped. Swallowed a lump. Tried again. “I’m sorry. That wasn’t what I meant to…I’m
Though its foot tied immovably down, the risk of the dragon reaching him was only tangible, for a given definition of ‘tangible, which limited it movement, it was not only capable of stretching its neck, the rest of the body could move, too, which lent it additional manoeuvrability.
in control during not just a moment of emotion, a spike of it as jealousy provided, but also through something as otherwise difficult to control as sleep. For a long time, too, and a properly deep sleep, on top of all that.
“You big cat,” John mumbled affectionately. An image of a dragon basking in the sun like a cat would almost made him snicker despite himself and when he then imagined Sherlock doing it, there was no helping it.
He’d snorted and said that no, the atrocities didn’t feel any better for knowing he hadn’t been paid for it. Sherlock had been about to argue with him, but he’d held up a hand and said that he knew they’d been over it and it didn’t work like that, but that didn’t make much of a difference, at least not yet. Later, perhaps, but not now.
By the end, they had rigged up something like their own murder investigation, with the pieces from Cluedo, Ludo and some debris from around the flat, where Sherlock ended up playing his own murder victim but where only John had the crucial clues.
Sherlock kept an eye on John out of the corner of it as they walked towards the address they’d been given before they’d left the UK.
He’d known that without needing to see it, he suddenly realised. The moment it had caught, that he had managed to get his will to bend it and break through the energy to make that connection and make it spread, he’d known that he had the upper hand. That he was in control, the master.
“Just heard about all the ruckus with the press. Next time don’t take a taxi – I’ll provide your transportation. It’s much more discreet. It was the driver that called in the paparazzi. And don’t worry, any pictures they may have snapped have…well, have been deleted.”
Sitting down across from her, John patted her arm, his eyes filled with understanding. “Show me.”
“Oh, no, goodness, you fatten Sherlock up, that poor boy. And you, too, John. Gone and lost some weight yourself, have you?”
First a soft kiss on full lips, then just a kiss on one lip. A tongue stroke, mouth open just a bit. Take it back to a soft kiss again. Mouth wider this time, tongue on tongue. Sherlock grasped John’s hair to keep John from backing back down to the soft kisses again. The doctor pressed his hips to Sherlock’s and was met with equal pressure and a moan.
“This is more than a trim,” John had muttered when 2- and 3-inch swathes of hair fell to the detective’s shoulders.
“Jawn,” Sherlock said, an unexpected smile on his lips, like the sun after the storm.
With a sigh, Sherlock relinquished his hold on the blanket and rolled over on his left side as John pulled it aside to look at Sherlock’s hip. Here was another area where Sherlock’s body had been resting in a puddle of acid, leaving a large and deep wound in the area of the hip bone and the lean thigh directly below. John pulled the rough hospital pants over Sherlock’s hip – he wore no underwear underneath. The detective started when John’s fingers rested on his skin to pull back the bandages. John glanced up, but Sherlock’s face turned away, hidden in the shadows. The look of this area was worrisome, red and irritated with a lot of drainage. John redressed it, focusing right on the area, telling himself not to look at the rest of the detective’s exposed body. Below the curve of his hip John could just see the cloud of Sherlock’s pubic hair, and quivering abdominal muscles above that, and the smooth buttocks of the detective were facing towards John.
“No good, es it,” Sherlock said.
“Anything good?” John asked.
“So much,” John repeated in agreement, but he could only hope that Sherlock would understand his meaning: that, yes, there was so much risk, but so much reward, so much life to live, so much love to share. John’s hand moved naturally to his flatmate’s back, pressing into Sherlock, holding him close.
“Very cute,” John replied, relishing the feel of their hands together. John had resorted to at first sleeping in the cot next to Sherlock’s bed after the recent surgery. Sherlock needed plenty of space and pillows to sleep sitting up, but no matter what, the detective could not sleep comfortably. Sherlock would toss and turn, pound the pillows, get up and pace, grumble and stomp. When he did manage to sleep, he grunted and snored. John did what he could to make the poor man comfortable, but in the end, the doctor had to retreat back to his bedroom upstairs to be able to get any sleep himself. Sherlock had understood.
The speech therapist looked up in confusion. “What?”
“You may think this is all happening now because you are at your most vulnerable. Others may think that, too,” John paused there, purposefully leaving Mycroft’s name out of the conversation. “But sometimes it takes a traumatic incident to bring people together. To remind them of their mortality. To make them realize how they – I – cannot possibly have a life without you,” John finished, his voice weak.  He watched as his own fingers began to slowly clench into fists. He could not breath, his heart did not beat.
Then Sherlock’s fingers were back again, caressing, exploring, encompassing, pulling.
“Zzzawn,” Sherlock murmured, eyelids fluttering.
“Got some pain?” John asked, resuming his seat on the edge of the bed and pressing Sherlock’s cell phone into the man’s hand, but the detective shook his head.
“Ooh,” murmured Sherlock, and slid forward and curled up like a child under John’s chin. The detective was outright trembling against the doctor’s body.
She sighed in resignation. “I’ve been told there would be extenuating circumstances by certain higher powers. Yes, I will show you, but there needs to be more than that, and very soon. Mr. Holmes is a brilliant man, and I certainly would not like his speech to be hampered in any way.”
John increased the speed and pressure of his grasp, high on the feeling of granting this pleasure, of the movement of Sherlock’s entire body as they moved together, of the air between them heated with their gasps. Sherlock repeated John’s name over and over, a wonderful mantra surrounding them, a joyous trance, until his body twisted and convulsed. Sherlock tilted his head back in ecstasy, allowing John the pleasure of kissing and licking the exposed, elegant throat. He could feel the vibrations of Sherlock saying his name under his tongue and it nearly caused him to come. But it was Sherlock first, his cock now wet in John’s hand. The detective grabbed John close and hard, body quaking.
John kept his hand on Sherlock’s forehead, rubbing his thumb against the rigid furrows, until the eye closed and the patient exhaled deeply. John moved his hand and rested the back of his fingers against Sherlock’s cheek. There was a thin sheen of sweat there, an unhealthy heat being exuded.
“Yes, I am. I didn’t think the oven even worked!” John said, setting the tray down.
“Yes, you are getting there,” Molly said. “Just keep your chin up, all right? Know that we are all here for you, Sherlock. You – and John – are not alone in this.” She wiped her hands on her lab coat nervously. “Well, okay then. Let me know if you need anything. Anything at all.” Molly raised to her toes and gave Sherlock a kiss on the cheek.
“I juss wanna go home,” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock smiled his lopsided smile and pointed his bow at John in affirmation.
“Jawn?”
With a proud flourish, John brought in a tray of tea and scones to Sherlock, newspaper tucked under his arm.
“You were very brave,” John told him after the doctor left. An outsider, John thought for a moment, might have thought he was talking to a child. But Sherlock’s eyes lit up with the praise and he sighed contentedly as John tucked him into bed. Sherlock had fallen to sleep immediately after she had left, and slept through the night, a soft snore indicating to John a deep and needed rest.
“Ah, Dr. Watson? Bethany Pierson. Just getting acquainted with Mr. Holmes, here,” she rose to shake his hand, her lower lip trembling.
“Hm?”
Head bent over the phone:
John hit send and leaned back in his desk chair, sipping his coffee.
John returned it and felt the tingle of a blush creep into his cheeks.
The two men stopped and stared for a long moment at each other. John’s words hung in the air.
“Is there anything that you require, Dr. Watson?” she asked.
“Lay back down, it’s just a bit – ouff!” John exclaimed as Sherlock wrapped his long arms around him and pulled him back down on the bed. The detective patted his nose with the tissue for a moment, then seeing no more blood, tossed it on the ground.
After Sherlock went to bed that night, falling asleep to the sound of John reading the paper, the doctor puttered around the flat. He was restless. It had been a wonderful day – Mrs. Hudson was soon joined by Lestrade who heard as well that Sherlock was home. The detective kept to his chair, not talking much, but seeming to enjoy the company and not straying to hide out in his bedroom as before. He even flipped through the files again at Lestrade’s urging, which John did not interrupt. John could not be certain, but he thought he saw a little bit of that old fire in Sherlock’s eyes. John could feel something, too, an itch, an inkling, a desire to be back out there and at ‘the game’ again.
“First steps first, let me go take a look and let you know.”
John ran his hands down over his stomach self-consciously, noticing that yes, he had dropped some weight since the incident. There was little time or thought for nourishment when your best friend was an injured and high-maintenance as Sherlock. John’s stomach rumbled.
Sherlock was a handsome man, there was no doubt. Though there were whispers of doubt concerning his sexuality, it didn’t stop mobs of besotted women from emailing him, sending him their underwear, and showing up at any of his appearances. John knew that the man secretly reveled in the attention – hell, who wouldn’t? – but certainly never acted on any of the offers thrown his way.
“Absolutely. I’ll bring it in.”
Sherlock turned his head away, drumming his fingers on the arms of his chair. John chided himself for being callous.
His bedroom upstairs seemed so far away and lonely these days. Deciding that he should be readily available should his patient require his services, he rolled into the readily available cot to sleep.
“Right…and you’re bloody welcome,” John muttered as he went into the kitchen and washed the dishes. A half hour later, they slide into a cab as they had done a hundred times before and were dropped off at St. Bart’s Hospital. Sherlock had his deer hunter hat on, ear flaps down, and his Belstaff coat with collar up high. The detective was quickly escorted to the appropriate office while John visited Molly in the morgue.
“Nooo nooooz.”
“It’s wonderful to see you,” John said.
“It’s all good now, Sherlock. Its John. You’re home now, it’s all good,” John kept up a string of quiet words, not really sure what he was saying, just anything to reign Sherlock back in. Finally his patient quieted, one wide eye looking at John, a string of silent tears streaking down the side of his face.
John looked up from the phone, perturbed. Sherlock was looking at him, eyes pleading, crumbs dotting his lips.
“Perfect,” Dr. Ballard, the young plastic surgeon, stated as he investigated Sherlock’s nose with a bright light. “Swelling will increase again where the stitches were, but skin is pink and healthy, cartilage appears firm, septum straight. Yes, perfect, if I do say so myself.”
“NO!” Sherlock barked, grabbing John’s arm. “You, here.”
“Tonight,” John promised, looking up, and seeing too late Sherlock scanning the open email on John’s laptop.
The detective fell back on his pillows with a look of disgust and John gingerly removed the cup and saucer from his hands.
“Amazing. I’m really glad, Sherlock. I knew things would come along for you.”
“You go on, now, get something to eat. I’ll be out for a bit this morning, but if you need me…,” she waved good-bye and closed the door. John made himself a plate of toast, jam and a couple of hard boiled eggs. He sat in the kitchen, a full plate in front of him. It was a bit disconcerting to have Sherlock’s microscope and other equipment tucked into a box in the corner, peeking out from the cardboard lid in silent protest, but beside that, he was content. He was home, and Sherlock was home. For the first time in a very long time, he felt in control. He would be the one supervising Sherlock’s care, making the decisions that would make the man whole again. In a way, it made him proud that he did not need anyone else. He was completely and totally capable at this moment in time.
“All right, just keep the water off your face. I’ll have breakfast ready when you get out.”
John felt the bed move as Sherlock rustled beneath the covers. “Kay.” Slender fingers crept up on John’s forearm and the doctor stared up at the ceiling through the darkness, attempting to keep his breathing slow and regular. John covered the fingers with his other hand, encapsulating Sherlock’s.
Cases were his drug. Clients an aphrodisiac. Yet the files that Lestrade had provided were sitting, unopened, unsolved, on Sherlock’s desk. What had happened to the energy that Sherlock had exuded, the rush that he craved?
The detective handed the phone back to John and lay back in the pillows, content. There was a sheen of sweat on Sherlock’s face from the recent pain, and a few stray curls clung to his forehead and neck. It was almost time for another haircut. Sherlock raised his hand, smiling shyly, and John grasped it. Sherlock gave John a tug on his hand, and John could only respond by sitting on the bed next to him.
“Theer’s only onnnn doctuur I whaant for huz viseests.”
“Boss said to put it in Sherlock’s room,” one of them replied. “Guess he thought it might be too uncomfortable for you’s two sleepin’ together.”
“Jawn, yooou aw a goood min.”
John returned to his seat and leaning forward, took Sherlock’s hand in both of his. This was a question that had been raised many times in the past weeks: the detective’s concern with the outcome of the plastic surgery. John had dutifully provided the same, reassuring answers.  “You saw the computer imaging the doctors did, Sherlock. They measured every picture of you they could get their hands on – imaged them, studied them, and created your new nose from that information.” John sought out the detective’s worried eyes. “It’s skin and bone, so it’s not going to be exactly like it was. But very, very close,” John squeezed Sherlock’s hand and the detective finally raised his eyes. “It’s going to be all right.”
“Nawt ti-red.”
The contentment of a few minutes ago was gone. John hung his head and forced the heels of his hands into his eyes. He was floating again, groundless, not belonging, a creature rejected.
A few minutes later, John entered Sherlock’s bedroom where the detective lay under the covers in fresh pajamas with a certain gray beanie hat pulled down low over his ears, looking like a child waiting to be tucked in. John smiled, but noted his patient’s eyes were ringed with dark circles.
Slowly, John turned on his side to face Sherlock, and placed his hand on the detective’s cheek, so that his fingertips caressed Sherlock’s good ear and the fringe of short hair that surrounded it. John felt Sherlock stiffen for a moment, then relax under the doctor’s gentle touch.
There was John’s answer, then.
John kissed Sherlock’s forehead and felt the detective relax. He even placed his hands on John’s hips, hooking his fingers through the belt loops of John’s jeans. Now it was John’s turn to caress Sherlock’s hair, to smooth his cheeks as they kissed, fingers carefully skirting the last remaining bandage over the disfigured ear.
“But I believe that right now, our dear Sherlock has realized that death could come knocking on his door just like anyone else. This may make him, uh, make choices that – well.” Mycroft stood up and walked over to the table with the plate of sandwiches and stared at them.
“All right, all right,” John continued and slowly dismounted. When he went to release Sherlock’s wrists, the detective’s sweaty, shaking hands wrapped around and held on to John’s, his eye searching for reassurance. John felt a flood of emotions fill his chest: he adored this man, his best friend, who had taken him in and fixed him. Now John was more determined than ever to make Sherlock whole again. John gave a small reassuring smile and Sherlock released the doctor’s hands.
“No, they are not dumb. Here, look at me. Please, Sherlock, please.” John gently took one of Sherlock’s wrists in each of his hands and pulled them away from the detective’s face. Oh, how it pained John down to the deepest pit of his soul to see the red-rimmed, tear-filled eyes of his friend. The misery that they told, the helplessness.
“Oh – oh,” Sherlock stammered, his eyes clenched.
He was just simply a good man.
“Yes, you are hot because I believe you have a fever.”
“I don’t know if I ever told you this story,” John began. “But I solved a bit of a mystery when I was in Afghanistan. We had these amazing peanut butter bars in the mess – sounds trivial for sure, but when you are in a war zone, the smallest things seem to have greater meaning. They were the right amount of crunch and peanut butter and I wish I could find them now – well, anyway, when we got a supply of them, they had to be rationed or there would have been a riot.” John felt Sherlock relax just the slightest under his arm. The trembling slowed to the occasional quake, and Sherlock began to take slow, easy breathes. John sensed he was still listening and dropped his voice lower, hoping it would lull the detective to sleep. He rubbed his chin against the top of Sherlock’s head, and drank in the scent of the man, the feel of his body so close, the warmth and comfort between them.
“Just…tree-id,” Sherlock mumbled as he nestled in and closed his eyes.
“Good night.”
John put anything cold in the fridge and then sauntered into the bedroom, only to find Sherlock laying on top of the covers, eyes closed, fingers pressed against his lips in his thought pyramid. John stepped inside the room, saw Sherlock thinking, then immediately turned to leave.
However, now he frowned when he heard a slight rattle of congestion.
“Hmph.”
“No, no, no,” Sherlock muttered. He stopped suddenly and looked at John, eyes glistening with tears. “Ey fine. Pease.”
“Of course! He’s getting an exam right now, but we can go see him in a bit.”
John felt an angry rush of blood flood his face, but counted ten to one to calm down and sputtered a thank you as they left. Sherlock looked up for a moment as John pulled the equipment into the bedroom, the newspaper a crumpled mess on the floor. His head was sunk deep in his pillow, his thin form barely making a bump in the blanket. It seemed to John that the detective was getting smaller every time John saw him.
“Eh, tell you what Greg, it’s late so how about we get back to you tomorrow,” John said.
. This was to be his life now, with this man, in this flat. Without knowing it, what he had unconsciously craved had come to fruition. His feet had grown roots to imbed in these wood floors, his heart had grown to embrace that insidious, crazy man, and he was complete. Their kiss had sealed it.
“Good
“Yeah, got a truck full of ‘em! Popular guy, your boyfriend,” the man said, wiping his hands on his thighs.
“John, have you even been in your kitchen?” Mrs. Hudson asked, clucking in disapproval. “I bet it was Mycroft’s doing – go ahead, take a look!”
Sherlock had fallen asleep during his sponge bath before John could reapply the bandages to his head, so this was really the first time in a while John was able to look at his entire face. The skin on the right side of the detectives face was still pink and a bit unnatural looking, with thin lines of the edges of the grafts bisecting Sherlock’s cheek. There was a thin stubble on the side of his previously bald head, and the wounded maw of an ear displayed prevalently. The swelling around his eye had disappeared, and the right side of his nose was thick and scabbed.
“It doesn’t matter,” John whispered to him. “You know it doesn’t matter to me.”
“Jesus,” John moaned, arching his back to increase the pressure. His body thrummed. He could not remember a time when he had ever been so turned on. But it was just not the physical. Knowing who it was that he was kissing made him lightheaded.  Without ceasing his soft kisses, John unbuttoned Sherlock’s silken pajama top and pushed it off his shoulders to reveal a smooth, alabaster chest.
Sherlock snuffed and rolled his eyes. “Ey would get zee work done eef I was the Hunchbeck.”
“Pwomise,” Sherlock huffed, his eyes locked on John’s.
“Hey, it’s all right. Everything’s all right,” soothed the doctor.
“Don’t stop,” John now pleaded. He could feel a tremendous build up in his entire body, the blood from his hands and feet and head shunting to his groin, making every nerve ending between Sherlock’s hands electrified. He shouted out as he came, black spots appearing before his vision, his body shuddering, and John rode the aftershocks, floating, not wanting to come down, not wanting it to end.
The detective glanced over at John for a milli-second. “We?”
“And replacing it with one of the others?”
“Quite all right, really.”
“Sc-owns?”
“You aren’t, though. Just feels that way?” John asked.
They had never spoken of that night together in Sherlock’s bed, but since then, there was an ease and comfort in being with each other that had not been there before. They wanted to be together, near each other, always in the same room. They shared silly, flirting remarks, touched a hand, or rested a head on each other’s shoulders. John still read the paper each night, and with Sherlock’s growing confidence in his speech, they talked more about simple, every day things. And about themselves. John knew now, without question, that Sherlock knew more about him than any other person on this earth – and perhaps, vice versa.
John stood still, not sure of what to expect. Sherlock shifted his weight from one foot to the other, then head still lowered, looked at John through his thick eyelashes. Slowly, carefully shaping his lips, Sherlock formed the words:
“Sherlock is still quite the immature little boy when it comes to decisions of the heart. He has little experience in the matter,” Mycroft continued.
The outskirts of John’s vision became black, all feeling, thought and emotion focused on Sherlock’s hand around his wrist, Sherlock’s scarred cheek against the palm of his hand. John gulped loudly in an effort to displace his heart down to his chest where it belonged.
John could not breathe, for his heart was truly in his throat, blocking all oxygen, shunting blood to his face until it burned. He looked at Sherlock – really looked. Gray-green catlike eyes, a bit wide with surprise, circles of red high on each cheekbone, short hair a bit mussed from taking off his hat. John leaned in and lifted a hand to sooth the hair back into place, the caretaker always, but Sherlock reached out and caught his wrist, suspending John’s hand in mid-air for a moment. Slowly, so slowly, Sherlock brought John’s hand to his own hot cheek, and the detective closed his eyes and leaned into the feel of it.
“There’s nothing to be nervous about. The cab will be here in about an hour. Tea?”
“Tell you?”
Sherlock’s eyes closed again, the corners of his mouth twitching into a grin, and someone tapped John on the shoulder. It was Mycroft’s assistant.
“Not at all. Practicing – that is, speech therapy,” John stammered.
“I see.” Without a second thought, John pulled the upholstered chair up close next to Sherlock’s bed and opened the paper.
John slid forward and kissed Sherlock’s forehead, pressing his lips firmly against the warm skin.
“No, its all good. Thank you, though.”
“He’s doing well, then?” Molly inquired.
“Sure, I can sleep here. Let me get some sheets for the cot.”
, thought John as he carefully set down the cups
“Hey, easy there, remember what I am!” John laughed, standing and stretching. “And you are lucky enough to find two outstanding doctors that are willing to make house visits.”
He tip-toed into the bedroom and undressed. The detective lay on his back, one arm flung over his head, mouth slightly open and breathing deeply. A high circle of red sat atop each cheekbone, two cherries like one would see on the face of a flushed little boy. It was completely endearing.
“Ey’ve been her all-long.”
“How about a compromise…I just do a trim,” John finally relented. Sherlock gave a quick jerk of his head, then remembering he didn’t like to nod, texted:
Sherlock groaned, seeking John from under heavy-lidded eyes where the bruising was becoming quite the deep blues and purples. The bandaging in and around Sherlock’s nose forced the detective to part his lips to breath.
“That sounds fine. Thank you, Greg,” John said, and shut the door. “Phew! I’d forgotten what a persistent fellow he could be! Sherlock?” Sherlock’s face was in his hands, shoulders clenched high around his ears. The files had fallen to the floor, their contents scattered at his feet. John rushed to Sherlock’s side, who pivoted his body away from John in shame.
When John went to pull the hospital pants back up, Sherlock reached over and put a hand on Johns.
“Paapa,” Sherlock said, his dry throat clicking.
“Just a bit over the chest now, just to clean you up. There you go, that must feel good.” Indeed, Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes, his body sinking into the mattress. John ran the sponge over the detective’s smooth, alabaster chest, along the borders of Sherlock’s pectorals, over his stomach, down the sides of his body. He wrapped his fingers around each of Sherlock’s forearms and raised each arm in turn, cleaning the underarm and then the length of each arm. John took the time to wipe down each hand, then each finger, marveling at the length and strength of each, how elegant they looked as they lay atop the palm of John’s own stocky hand. Finally he wiped the hollows above each clavical, up under the neck, and gently over his face where he could. John went back and dried each slowly, noting how still Sherlock lay, how relaxed his face seemed to be. Then a swift shiver ran down Sherlock’s body.
John looked up, surprised. “You are most welcome, Sherlock. And that’s Dr. Watson to you.” Sherlock turned his head away, but John swore he saw the faintest upturned corner of Sherlock’s mouth.
“I know I promised, Sherlock, but I can’t -,” John responded, trying to keep the anger out of his voice, as if speaking to a petulant child. Which, of course, he was. “The doctors need to move you to another room and I can’t be there. But as soon as I can, I will be.”
“Me, too. It’s our own little corner of the world, darling. No one can take it away from us.”
“Hawt,” Sherlock croaked.
Hello readers, I am so appreciative of those that have stuck with the story, and hopefully will stay to see it through! I had originally planned this as a ten chapter fic, but alas, I am now outlining 15...so there is more to come. I would really appreciate your thoughts on this chapter in particular; it was by far the hardest for me to write thus far. I sought a balance between John's doubt and Sherlock's fears, and the collapse of the barriers for each of them. Of course, I wanted to make it sexy but realistic...anyway, before I reveal too much, read on! And thank you again!
And indeed, it was.
thought John
“John, did you hear what I said?”
Sherlock raised grateful eyes to his flatmate. John smiled in response and nodded; no words needed to be exchanged. It was not easy for Sherlock to say thanks, so the look in his eyes was more than John expected.
“I was wondering when I might come and see him when he’s awake.” Molly blushed and looked down into her teacup.
“Oh,” John said, quite taken aback. It was obvious Sherlock had been practicing the words – and the nerve – to say this to the doctor all morning. “Thank you, Sherlock. I – I certainly am trying.”
“Yes, new nose.”
“But – it’s you,” Sherlock said.
When John awoke again the next morning, Sherlock was already up and looking at the files Lestrade had given them. And, the detective was quietly practicing his “EEEEOOOO” exercises to himself, stretching his lips then pursing them, over and over.
Now it was Molly’s turn to blush. “Well, if you think it would be all right.”
“What?”
“You may want to take a break, he has a few more hours to go,” Mycroft said as he entered the room.
Time for another surgery. And it's John that feels he is getting cut open.
“I’ll let the doctors know,” John said.
“Good morning. I’m going to hop into the shower, and then we’ll get going. Only a few sips of water this morning, remember. Nothing to eat.” The detective nodded and turned back to the window. In less than 20 minutes, they were seated in one of Mycroft’s cars on their way to St. Bart’s. At first they both sat quietly, comfortably, gazing through the windows, hands tucked in each of their own laps. But somehow during the short journey, hands had crept across the empty seat between them, so they were joined, fingertips laced, upon the arrival to St. Bart’s.
“Of course it will,” nodded Mrs. Hudson. “But how do they do it?”
John gets an invitation.
He closed the bedroom door quietly and nearly had a heart attack as he turned and faced Mrs. Hudson, who had been standing in the hallway.
“I’m sorry. Please. Go ahead,” John soothed, clenching the arms of the chair again in an effort not to reach forward and take Sherlock’s hand. The detective took in a massive breath and began again.
“All right. I just don’t...want you to be self-conscious, is all,” John paused for a moment, then seeing no reaction, plunged on. “You have several surgeries ahead. It’s going to be fine.”
Sherlock bent his head over his phone, typing furiously, a deep furrow appearing on his brow. John stood by the bed, waiting patiently, but the detective shook his head and erased it all. He turned and stared at the wall.
“Okay, right. Let me just clean this up a bit and get you all set. I have to clean it, remove some of the scabbing with these tweezers, so it’s going to take some time.  Are you comfortable? I can’t have you moving around.”
Molly paused, uncertain, but then nodded with a smile. “That would be nice. I heard his nose looks really, really good,” she said.
Eyebrows raised, that smile still alighting his face and reflected in his eyes, the detective shook his head, ‘no’. John laughed and wiped away his tears, but then the detective was there, those long, strong fingers doing it, caressing his cheeks, brushing back his hair. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, pressing their bodies together.
John’s heart stopped. “Wait just a minute. You are not going to die tomorrow. It’s a straightforward procedure that this particular doctor has performed a number of times!”
Sherlock raised a hand to touch the side of his head, his eyes confused. John put down his phone and gently guided Sherlock’s fingers so they would not touch any of the wounds.
John’s heart beat fast again, but now for a different reason. One of concern.
“Your ear is not going to grow back on its own. And I’m sure you’ve seen your nose. It needs to be fixed.”
Sherlock’s other arm snaked up under John and encased him tight against the detective’s chest, and when the doctor shifted to free his arms from under Sherlock’s grasp, the detective tightened his hold.
Sherlock grabbed an empty teacup and saucer and threatened to drop them to the floor.
“Well, thank you. Eh, is everything all right?”
“Take the flowers to the elderly’s house around the corner. They will enjoy them much more than Sherlock,” John said, handing the man a few pounds. The delivery man shrugged and trudged back down the stairs.
He closed the door behind her and realized thick clamps encased his chest and he was unable to breath. Sinking to his knees, John closed his eyes and focused on controlling the panic that clasped his entire body like a tight fist.
This was all he ever needed.
“Then I guess I am,” he said dryly, swinging his ever-present umbrella.
Sherlock had only a moment to sigh and nod before there was a knock and Lestrade pushed open the ajar door.
He was tentative at first, but Sherlock insisted on a more aggressive chop, watching John in the reflection of his phone.
, you stay away from
“Ey neeed yooo tooo tell me waat haa-end.”
“I brought up some tea,” she replied, wringing her hands.
“Jawn?” A sleepy-eyed Sherlock trudged into the living room, scratching his head, dark blue dressing gown billowing around him.
As much as John found being the caregiver gratifying and empowering, John realized that Sherlock was not comfortable in the role as the patient. He would have to be careful of the detective’s ego and not belittle the man in any way. Sherlock was helpless and exposed, not an existence that he was used to.
“Up now, time for a bit of a walk,” John said, pulling back the edge of the blankets. Sherlock’s eyebrow raised in surprise.
“On your back now, nice and easy,” John soothed, pulling a corner of the blanket over Sherlock’s genitals to retain a bit of the man’s dignity, and ran the sponge down the front of each long, muscled leg.
“Er, all right, just let me know. Let’s all go out for a pint real soon -,”
Sherlock slid his hand from John’s hip to encompass his cock.
“Good night, Mrs. Hudson.”
“Gud.”
“There, much better,” John said, holding back the covers as Sherlock shakily got back into bed, his long fingers grasping at the back of the chair and then the headboard for support. John pressed his lips together, determined not to help Sherlock.
“Don’t be sorry,” John said, blinking away a tear that threatened to spill over. He finally met Sherlock’s eyes and discovered the detective had tears of his own. “I’m sorry I didn’t realize you didn’t know what happened. Sometimes I am too busy being your doctor, and forget to be your friend.”
Every afternoon, John removed the bandages to moisturize the sutures. The doctor had to work hard at controlling his face as he did so, as Sherlock watched John for any kind of sign – of anything. A twinge of worry. A clenched jaw of disgust. Darting eyes to infection. John concentrated on keeping his face as flaccid as possible, knowing that Sherlock’s eyes were just centimeters away.
“No!” Sherlock barked, pushing John away. Then more quietly, repeated, “No. No more. I’m awl done. Theees is the last. Make it, eh, fine.”
“Ah, here’s a good one…,” John began.
“Not fur me,” the detective said.
“eeeeEEEEEEE.”
Molly looked up at him with shining eyes. “You won’t,” she replied. John could only nod wordlessly as he pulled on his coat and strode to the office to pick up Sherlock, but he wasn’t there. When John was directed to the speech therapist’s office, he went there with an extra hustle to his step. The receptionist brought John right into the appointment, a comfortable room with maroon armchairs and an oriental rug. The therapist was a young, petite woman with a blonde ponytail and a short skirt. John could tell immediately she was fighting off tears.
Reluctantly, Sherlock swung his legs down onto the floor and accepted John’s hand to stand up. “Right this way, here we go,” John said, turning his back to Sherlock, who put a hand on each of John’s shoulders. Like an engine guiding an unruly train, the two of them walked down the hallway, round the living room twice, and back down the hallway with a break at the loo. John stood outside the door, listening for any sounds of distress. Sherlock was very weak, and standing for any amount of time took an inordinate amount of energy. He heard Sherlock pee (good strong flow, positive sign of hydration) and brush his teeth.
“Good,” Sherlock mumbled, his eyes closed.
“Oh, I can just sit in the regular one, you needn’t bother.”
“Kiss me,” John urged, barely recognizing his own voice, thick with need. Sherlock responded eagerly, and with a surge of boldness, John plunged his hand into the front of Sherlock’s pajama bottoms and embraced his erection. The detective was hard, so hard, the pulse of his heart beating a staccato in his cock under John’s palm.
“Ah, it may be a bit too soon for the speech therapist, actually. We can do that another day. Of course. Yes. See you in an hour.”
“Ah, Mycroft at work,” John nodded. “Lead the way.”
John thought.
“Checking on you after all the commotion down there! Good to see you two, it is! Been recovering just fine I’ve heard, but we are missing you boys. Got a few tough nuts we can’t crack!” Greg pumped John’s hand and offered him four files. “These are some good ones, I know it won’t take you long.”
Best to you, -mainegirlwrites
“How are we feeling this morning?” He asked quietly, placing the plate down beside the bed.  John gently placed the back of his fingers on Sherlock’s cheek, and through the stiff stubble of a several days of unshaven skin, felt the stubborn presence of the fever. Sherlock’s hand rose weakly from the blankets to shoo John away.
Sherlock shook his head vehemently.
“You en me.”
The procedure went exceptionally well, they assured him. Lots of bruising and swelling, new skin taking nicely, vitals being monitored, he is just now coming out of anesthesia.  John listened and nodded, the doctor part taking in all the information, the other side of him ever so eager to go in and see Sherlock, to comfort him, to be with him. Just to be with him.
John pulled back and shook his head, not understanding. Sherlock’s mouth set tight and he waved a hand around his face as he pushed himself away.
“Depression?”
“We’ll do that, as soon as we can. That, I can promise.  We’ve got one more chance - ,”
John frowned, and erased the last line. He would wait and see how things in that area progressed. And should these emails ever get in the hands of the press, any mention of mental issues would be fodder for the hyenas of the daily rags. Instead, he continued:
“You little devil,” John whispered with a grin. “Had to make sure that I would read to you. Well, I promised.” He pulled up a chair to Sherlock’s bedside, unfolded the daily, and cleared his throat. “Aha, here’s a good story, let’s start here: ‘London officials have determined that the cause of death in yesterday’s Ardent Street murder….’”
Sherlock bites his lip. “I only accepted this job because they told me you’d be here.”
“Hey,” John says on the phone. “I miss you too. It’s been, what… two weeks since I saw you, right?”
“I want you back,” Sherlock says and closes his eyes. He’s too tired. His body weights a ton, he’s sinking into the mattress, and he shouldn’t be, he should be sharp and clever and figure out a way to keep John here, because the sex is over now and John is going to leave. Any minute. John is going to pick up his trousers from the floor, put them on, think that it was clever not to take off his shirt at all, because now he can get away from Sherlock faster. He’s going to walk out of the flat and take a taxi and go back to – “Mary.”
“Why didn’t you go?” Sherlock asks. “I thought you liked her.” There’s no answer. “Tom?”
“Of course it’s the same,” Sherlock says and then takes a deep breath. “Mycroft paid the rent while I was in rehab. You didn’t have to move out.”
“You don’t need to worry about him. He’s just doesn’t know how to react to the fact that I’m now having sex.”
“No.”
John takes a deep breath. “Of course,” he says, because that seems the best way to get out of the conversation. “I’ll be careful.” He’s pretty sure Molly doesn’t believe him.
“Sorry,” John says, definitely in his own voice. Also, it doesn’t say so in the script. It says that Tom takes a step back to Phil, takes Phil’s face in between his hands and kisses Phil again.
thought it’d be better,” John says, “
Sherlock shakes his head.
at Mycroft Holmes, who closed the door and placed his umbrella leaning against the wall.
“I…” John breaths in and out, sets the cup of tea aside and picks it again. “Yeah, I
“It’s not fair,” he says, moving his fingers in Sherlock’s hair. “You had no right to make any fucking decisions about my existence.”
” John’s voice falters. “But I
“I’m a doctor. I treat humans. And this… this isn’t strictly speaking medicine.”
“…no, but –“
“Tell me to come,” Sherlock said. “When you’ve finished your examination. So that I can…”
“It’s a
“You are,” Sherlock says. They’ve been dancing for a while. It’s probably getting late. There’re much less people in here than there were in the beginning.
“What?” Sherlock asked, looking up from the hand and fixing his eyes on John. Then he blinked and glanced at the hand again. “Oh, hello, John.”
“You woke me up.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said and blinked, “sometimes. I mean, I
“Thanks for the tea,” John says and touches Sherlock’s arm, then pulls his hand quickly away. “Again. And for the company. And… sorry. About…”
“…how do you know that?”
John says, “
“With a dead hand,” John said, “at our kitchen table.”
He turns around and goes to make Sherlock tea.
He stands still as John steps closer to him, reaches through the distance between their bodies. When John puts his hands onto Sherlock’s shoulders, Sherlock takes a short breath by accident. It doesn’t matter. It’ll look good on film.
“I don’t know.”
“I could never get enough of you,” Sherlock says. He sounds stupid. He grabs his left arm and squeezes until it hurts.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock says and clears his throat. “Really. It’s fine, John. I don’t think I can stop loving you, but it’s fine. I can handle it. Nothing needs to change. We can… we can go for a pint. Like people do. We can –“
This isn’t what was supposed to happen. This isn’t
“It’s irrelevant what I
“We broke up,” John says and touches Sherlock’s chest. His thumb presses lightly against the hollow spot under Sherlock’s neck.
He dreams about John when he’s away.
anything.”
“Right,” Sherlock said. “So, where’s your bedroom?”
“…really?”
“Rosie,” he says to John. He’s said the name before but only to himself. “You have Rosie. You have a kid.”
“Well, yeah,” Sherlock said, “but I was thinking about the time when I woke up naked in Scotland.”
“I really hope you won’t.”
“Of course you do. I’m thirty-four years old and severely inexperienced –“
barely slept, because it was so weird to be in the flat without Sherlock. He supposed he had got used to Sherlock’s company.
“Yes.” And maybe he should… “Thank you.”
This is the epilogue, make sure you read chapter 5 as well.
should be the one apologising. But John has his job and his new flat and his Mary and his life without Sherlock, and in a few seconds, John is going to let go of Sherlock’s ankle.
thinks it was a mistake.”
“I thought you were gay,” John says in a quiet voice. He sounds like he’s trying to be brave. “But you weren’t interested in anyone. Ever.”
“Oh,” John said and took a deep breath. “
“Scent.”
Written on a
The next time Sherlock goes to John’s flat, Mary is away again. John lets Sherlock in without a word and puts stitches in the wound on Sherlock’s right arm. After, he wraps his fingers around Sherlock’s wrist and squeezes, probably not hard enough to bruise, but hard enough to drag Sherlock onto his feet. John pushes him against the wall, he goes easily enough. Maybe he should fight. Maybe he should make John punch him. Maybe that would help.
“Bye,” John said and then sat in his armchair like a delicious little human man as Sherlock walked out of the door.
“Hello,” Sherlock said, closed the door and then just stood there, staring at him. “You’re alive.”
John clears his throat. “Yeah.”
“Yeah,” John says. “And, well, Rosie’s spent a lot of time with me, which is lovely, but I can’t get much sleep and also I’m worried about her, like, all the time. I feel like I’m not qualified to have a baby and I just somehow cheated on the test and got through with it.”
“I said
“Well,” the therapist said very slowly, “I’m a therapist. It sometimes happens that someone tells me they’re gay. So, no, I’m not particularly shocked. Would you want me to be?”
“Sorry,” John says but doesn’t move away.
John swallows. “But –“
“No,” Sherlock says. He’s looking John in the eyes. He looks exactly like he did this morning, when everything was different.
John shook his head. “I don’t know.” But Sherlock was already on the table, and it was certainly better to get this done now than to postpone it again. They would do this quickly, before anything interrupted them, the nurse coming back from her coffee break or a casual accident with a meteorite. “Are you ready?”
“Oh,” the woman said and looked between John and the robot. “I thought I had an –“
“I liked it, Sherlock.”
“Don’t worry,” he said, “this is just roleplay. I’m playing a human and you’re playing a vampire. What would you do to me?”
“No,” Sherlock said. “Yes. But… I’m not easy to kill.”
“No, I just…”
“Well,” Sherlock said now, staring at him, “to my defence, I was thirsty.”
“I don’t know,” Sherlock said. “You smell very good.”
“Yeah,” John said. That had been one of the weirdest days that week. At least Mike had taken care of the robot then, so John hadn’t needed to figure out how to talk to it.
“I love you,” John says and kisses him again. “I mean it. It’s not just something that I say when you’re… when I’m fucking you. I really mean it. But I don’t know what… if you ask me if I’m
“You don’t even like sex,” John says, quiet enough that Sherlock barely hears him.
“Why the fuck do I care so much about you?”
“You said you loved me,” John said and took a deep breath. He was fucking terrified, but he had to ask. “As a boyfriend, or as food?”
“…you
“I forbid it,” he says. His voice isn’t as steady as he’d like but what the hell. “You’re mine and I forbid it. Don’t let me hurt you.”
“Feels pretty bad, though.”
“Yes,” John says. “Yeah, me and Mary. We made a child. I’m still not exactly sure how.”
John breathed in. “I’m not going to… It’s not
Sherlock opens his mouth.
“I’m used to it. And I’ve said it four times.
“You’re the one who hasn’t read the script,” John says, sounding surprisingly judgemental.
“Sometimes,” Sherlock said slowly, “if you have sex with a soldier and accidentally kill him afterwards, somebody gets angry and presses you face-down against the ground.”
it, was there?
You remember when the movie came out and everyone thought we were in love, don’t you? I mean, everyone thought our
“You absolutely should,” Sherlock said. “You should try one of my shirts, only the size is wrong for you, so sadly you wouldn’t get the whole experience of wearing a proper shirt.”
“Yes.”
She frowned. “Oh. So, is that what you’re worried about?”
John looks away from him. “Well, I’m here now,” John says and leaves.
“You could move.”
He wants to take Sherlock to bed and fuck him so slowly they both forget John isn’t real. He wants to take his things and leave and never come back, and he wants to make Sherlock tea and pretend he never got to know any of this.
And then John stops.
“…a human child. That you made.”
He only realises an hour later that he’s waiting for John to come knocking on his door. John comes to his trailer every day after work. They eat something and have tea and talk about the day and then, sometimes, they talk about old things. And in some evenings, they watch television together, or play chess. John still can’t remember the rules.
“He doesn’t,” Greg says, “but you don’t know it yet, John. You think that maybe you pushed yourself on him.”
“Yeah,” John says slowly, “not that. Another reason.”
“Come here,” John says and hugs him.
,” Sherlock says, “no, just… tell me.”
John stands up. He looks lost. He could be faking it. He’s a brilliant actor, much better than Sherlock, even better than Sherlock was before the unhappy love and the drug addiction. He can say anything he wants with his eyes. He could probably make
The next morning, he’s barely woken up when there’s the sound of someone walking up the stairs to the door. He checks that he’s wearing pants under the bathrobe. There’s a knock on the door – not John, not Mrs. Hudson, not Lestrade, not Mycroft, so who then -
“So, have you been reading that fanfiction?” Sherlock asks. “That people write about us?”
“So, it’s possible that the problem has something to do with the body,” Mike said. “Well, personally I think it’s psychological. But I promised Molly –“
Sherlock kisses him.
“I don’t know,” Molly says, looking at him with a frown. “It’s the way you look at him, I suppose.”
“Don’t touch it,” Sherlock says.
“An adequate lover?” John laughs, his voice small and startled. “Sherlock, I don’t need you to
“I mean,” John Watson said and cleared his throat, “it’s 2010. But … why?”
“I’ve watched at least fifty hours of porn. I’m confident that I could become an adequate lover.”
Sherlock stops when Phil is standing a little bit too close to John. John lifts his chin up to look Sherlock in the eyes. He feels stupid and as if he’s not acting, which is even more stupid. He’s
Sherlock hugged him. He hid his face in the pillow and felt Sherlock’s nose brushing against his neck.
“I’m just going to close my eyes for a minute,” John says, and a minute later he’s asleep.
“You’re wrong,” John says, turning to face Sherlock. “You’re so…
John bit his lip. “Hey –“
“Thanks,” John said.
He felt blood rushing down there.
Surely this didn’t even begin to compare.
“I thought you had already figured that out,” Sherlock says, “from Twitter.” It sounds more awful out loud than he thought it would. “Sorry, that was…”
He stays with Sherlock, because this is his fucking life and he can do whatever he wants with it.
Tom raises on his toes and kisses Phil on the mouth.
“You didn’t,” Sherlock says.
John took a deep breath and put his cup of tea on the side table. He wasn’t going to touch Sherlock’s coat. That would have been weird. John wasn’t a weird man, no, he was an ordinary man with a lot of somewhat unordinary issues, like a flatmate who thought chemical hazard was ‘fun’. John was perfectly ordinary. He didn’t even like clothes, especially not fancy clothes, and especially not someone else’s fancy clothes. Besides, Sherlock would know. Sherlock would somehow find out that John had touched the fabric just to see what it would feel like against his fingers. Sherlock would probably think it was another example of John being an idiot. But then again, Sherlock already thought John was an idiot, so John didn’t have a lot to lose. And sometimes, and only privately, he liked to think that he was Sherlock’s favourite idiot.
“Oh, god, no,” John says.
“I was,” Sherlock says, “I am. That kind of a thing never really goes away. I’ve been trying to distract myself with cases and… well, you. Sometimes it goes better and sometimes worse.”
“Stay? No.”
“…what?”
“Okay,” Greg says, “that’s good. Are you ready, boys?”
“Yes?”
“It’s upstairs,” John said. “I’m upstairs. Okay, I have a question for you.”
John opened his eyes. Sherlock was looking at his throat again.
He did that. Sherlock’s heart sounded like a human heart, probably because it was, it had just been made in a laboratory. His pulse was a little elevated, but John supposed that was because of the situation. He went through everything he usually did when he was doing regular check-ups for the crewmembers, and everything was alright, no, everything was perfect like Sherlock had already pointed out. But when Sherlock started sighing, John insisted that it was better to be thorough. He kind of realised he was doing this because he didn’t want to move forward, but it was helping. He felt normal. He felt like himself. And then, when Sherlock was quiet and John felt like a doctor doing an examination on a patient, he warmed lubricant in between his gloved hands and told Sherlock to take a deep breath and let it out.
“It’ll pass, too.” John sighs, pulls his hand free, but doesn’t move away. Instead, John kneels on the floor next to Sherlock’s bed, presses his fingers lightly against Sherlock’s neck and… takes his pulse.
“…what?”
He stares at John. John stops cutting onions and stares back at him.
Sherlock breathes in and out. John will never know what that feels like. He’s so fucking jealous. “You told me you love me,” Sherlock says in a thin voice. “I don’t know why. You weren’t supposed to.”
a family program,” the interviewer says and pulls up a print of… of… “This is actually quite impressive, isn’t it?”
“Sorry about that,” John says and rubs his nose. “I didn’t mean to say
John touches his face. He blinks his eyes open and sees John in his new flat in London, touching his face. Apparently he’s on John’s sofa.
“Are you sure?”
Sherlock lets the make-up guy powder him up and the clothing guy check that what little clothes he’s wearing at this point are where they should be. The sex scene is really quite mild. He’s done work that was more graphic. It didn’t use to bother him. He had the script, he had practiced his part, he knew what to do, unlike in those occasions when he was actually having sex with someone. It was all just work.
He tried to pull back.
“To kiss me,” John says.
They don’t speak in this scene. He wonders vaguely what kind of cheesy music is going to be playing in the background. Now, he can hear himself breathing, and John breathing, and every goddamn person in the room breathing, and then the mattress creaks, when John climbs onto it and settles in between Sherlock’s legs. John touches Sherlock’s shoulders, then slides his hands down on Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock tries to breathe. John tucks the duvet up and settles on the mattress next to Sherlock, and Sherlock rolls onto his side. He can smell John’s deodorant, and underneath, John’s scent. He bumps his knee into John’s and John looks surprised.
He texts John about a case. John texts him back and says he’s busy, he’s at work so he’s got patients, and he has Mary now, he has a life without Sherlock, and doesn’t Sherlock realise that John isn’t doing this anymore? Sherlock doesn’t answer but five hours later, he takes a taxi to John’s clinic. The driver is angry about the cushions. He doesn’t care. He walks through the corridors until he finds John’s office. The light is still on. He breathes in and the pain hits him sharper than he thought.
Good.
“Turns out I’m much more innovative about violence than sex.”
“No,” Sherlock says, as if it’s so simple. But he sounds sad.
“Wasn’t it weird at all?” the interviewer asks. “This is a love movie. This is a movie about two people who love each other romantically and, you know, I’ve seen the trailer. What did you think about filming the sex scene, for example?”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “Me, too.”
Just like anybody else.”
He’s brilliant.”
John stops but doesn’t look him in the eyes. He tries to find something to say. He’s so bad at this, he needs a script, he needs
“Yeah, but…” John stops and sighs. “Don’t you
“Yeah,” John said, trying and failing to sound normal. “Yeah, of course. I wasn’t going to… I didn’t notice that.”
“What for?” John asks, his voice thin now.
“No,” Sherlock said, stopping him. “No, I… I didn’t plan this.”
John is just staring at him now.
“I don’t
“The thing is,” John says, sways a little, straightens himself, looks Sherlock in the eyes but only for a second, “I’m so fucking angry at you. I don’t know what to do with it, I really don’t. I can’t believe you’d do something so fucking cruel, but you did, and isn’t that a joke, really, because you did cruel things all the time. To everyone else. I thought I was different. I never thought you’d do something so cruel to
There’s an odd sound. It takes Sherlock a few seconds to realise he’s pushed a cup of tea over the edge of the counter and now the cup is shattered on the floor. He stares at the mess. There might have been tea in there, too, but he’s not sure, because the carpet had stains already.
“Yeah,” Sherlock says, looking at his own hands. “Yes. Not bad weird.”
John walks through the door to the living room. Sherlock puts his feet onto the sofa table and clears his throat. “So, how was your date with what-was-her-name-again?”
“Four years, I think,” Mrs. Hudson says. “Ever since he came to London.”
“No.”
John bit his lip. He didn’t know if he was going to laugh or cry. But he didn’t have time for either, because he still had questions to ask. “So, do you kill people?”
“Yeah,” John says now, “yeah, I’m sorry, I’ve been meaning to call you, it’s just that my agent got me a tiny role in an indie movie about a guy who has a thing for soldiers. You know, a military kink. I’m one of the soldiers. I’ve been going to the gym, because apparently I need to take off my uniform in the movie.”
Rosie doesn’t say anything.
” Sherlock says in Phil’s voice. His shirt feels too tight. Maybe he’s gaining weight, but it can’t be that, because he’s been living on tea and cigarettes, and neither have nutritional value. He opens the top button and realises John is looking at his hands.
Sherlock blinked his eyes open.
Sherlock isn’t hungry. He opens his mouth to say so, then stops. “…I could eat.”
“This past month, when we have been working together,” John says and then takes a deep breath. “I didn’t remember how… I didn’t remember what it’s like, being around you.”
, I’m just
“Thank you.”
at an arm’s length.”
He stares at John.
“And then you fucking
“What do you want?” John asked and put a bar of chocolate in his basket. He would certainly need it after a conversation with Mycroft. “Sherlock’s home.”
It's the perfect time to have that conversation, so Sherlock thinks, but he’s too tired to tell this to John. He blinks and John leans away from him. The light in the room wavers.
Sherlock came inside John and then pressed his face against John’s chest, his mouth open, his teeth touching John’s skin. But he didn’t bite. He stayed still for a few seconds, then closed his fingers around John’s dick and brought John off in less than a minute.
“I hope not,” Sherlock says.
They start from the beginning. John walks into the living room. Sherlock asks him about his date. John tells him that his date’s name is Amanda and that
Sherlock thinks,
“Let us know you’re thinking about it,” Greg says. “You’re thinking about him, in his pants, and you really want to touch him, because he’s right there, but you don’t know if you’re allowed, because maybe yesterday was a mistake, you know? Maybe
“It’s true,” John says in a steady voice. “And it’s not an accusation. You’ve got no obligation to… to me. But, yeah, I thought maybe you didn’t want to hear about me. Maybe you got enough of me when we were living together.”
“Nice to see you, John,” Sherlock says, forcing his voice to behave. John is still looking him in the eyes. He wonders what John can see on his face. Maybe nothing. He’s an actor, after all.
“No,” Sherlock said. Wasn’t it enough that Mycroft asked him that all the time? Did he really have to endure
John pointed at the door in the corridor.
“Well, it has sense of touch, doesn’t it?” Mike said. “Good night, John.”
John breathes out. “You were kind of… you didn’t like it when people got too close. You were so… independent. Your own man. You kept everyone at an arm’s length.”
“Sherlock,” John says, opening the door, angry and dismissive. Then he looks at Sherlock again. “What –“
“Manual stimulation –“
“I want you to come here,” Sherlock says, staring at John’s armchair. “Your armchair is still here. I want you to sit in it and… and have tea.”
“You’re afraid of it.”
interesting what people can do, these days.”
“John,” Sherlock said and walked to him, “John, stop struggling, you’re going to hurt yourself.”
“Of course you –“
John nods.
he fucking goes easily. Sherlock
“Yes,” Sherlock says. His voice comes out wrong. “No. No, I… Yes, I read the script. Most of it.”
“And I want to hit you,” John says and turns away from him, then turns back like there’s an invisible rope pulling him towards Sherlock, and oh, wouldn’t that be convenient? “I want to hit you in the face, and I would never do it, but I want to, I want to… push you against the wall and… you wouldn’t even fight back, you idiot, but I want you to, I
John says words that don’t really register in his mind. Something about him. Something about what he did. Something about how John keeps coming back to him, time after time. Something about his skin. Something about his arse.
until four years ago. Or he could start asking about the elephant in the living room.
John clenches and unclenches his right fist. “It’s just a movie, Sherlock.”
“And what’re you going to do to me? At sickbay?”
say anything he wants.
John opened his mouth and closed it again. Sherlock was a
“Good,” John says, nodding. Then he bites his lip. “You should stop smoking, though.”
John glances at Sherlock.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” John asks. “You just left. You could’ve told me about… about the drug addiction, and that you were going to get help. I would’ve understood. Of course I would’ve understood. I would’ve… I would’ve helped you in any way I could.”
“Are you
“…I’m going to stare at you until you leave,” John said, staring at Mycroft.
“I’m not embarrassed,” John said. God, he was embarrassed about… about all this. But that wasn’t important now. “I don’t see the point.”
should learn the names of his girlfriends. Then he sighs and says he didn’t see Amanda after all.
“Okay,” John says. His hand returns onto Sherlock’s thigh. His thumb brushes against the inside seam of Sherlock’s trousers. “You know you mean a world to me,” John says. “But…”
“It’s not.”
Vampires don’t
before.”
“Yeah.”
“But you won’t.”
,” he said, “don’t call it
Sherlock bites his lip. John always hated Twitter. “I’m –“
“No,” John says. “You’re already here.”
live here. I’m John Watson. I rented this place two weeks ago. I
Sherlock fixed his eyes on John’s and then slowly nodded. “But not here. I don’t want the mess on the sofa.”
“Good night,” Sherlock says and then just stands there, staring at the closed door. He definitely can’t handle kissing.
“I would have,” John says, his voice almost angry now. “Don’t you think –“
John smiles at him and then goes to the bathroom. Sherlock pours himself a cup of tea and then sits in the living room, thinking about how different the whole place feels when he can hear John in the bathroom, turning the water on. The empty spaces in the flat shrink and disappear. He forgets to drink his tea but it doesn’t matter, and anyway he’s busy listening to John. Maybe John is washing his hair now. Maybe John is using Sherlock’s shampoo. Maybe John will smell of Sherlock’s shampoo in a few minutes, and of Sherlock’s toothpaste, and of Sherlock’s laundry powder.
“…Sherlock?”
“If you have any concern for your own well-being, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft said, “you aren’t going to let him bite you. Or talk to you about tobacco ashes. He was quite excited after the product arrived from America. Now, I really need to go.”
“I asked,” Sherlock says slowly, “are you sure?”
“Hey,” John says and pulls his hands away. “Sorry. I just need to check that you… I think you have a concussion, so…”
“We’re having sex.”
“John Watson.”
Two years later, it turns out that he’s badly overestimated John’s capability to think rationally. John should be glad that he’s not dead. John
John laughs. “I meant –“
to do something about the coffin.”
Thank you for reading, everyone <3 See you on
“Sherlock,” John says, grabs his shoulders and shakes him, but not hard. John probably remembers the dislocated shoulder. Completely unnecessarily. It’s going to be alright. John fixes things. John would know how to fix this, too. If only he told Sherlock. “Don’t play with me, Sherlock,” John says. “What the fuck is this?”
“No,” John says immediately, “I didn’t mean that, don’t… Sherlock, you don’t need to look so offended.”
“No, you don’t,” John said and glanced at his hand. He had wrapped Sherlock’s dressing gown around it a few minutes ago, when Sherlock had asked him to. That had happened right after Sherlock had... “Are you saying that you were trying to… suck my blood?”
one coming. Not at all.” And then lowers his hand onto John’s shoulder and pushes John away from him before John has time to react. “Sorry,” Sherlock says. “It’s obviously my fault.”
a captain. He knew how to say things as if he meant them. “Mr. Holmes,” he said to Mycroft, “I appreciate your concern over my… sofa, but you have no right to tell Sherlock what to do to me on it. And I will clean up the mess, probably, because he doesn’t know how to. He says he never saw a vacuum cleaner before moving in with me, and you know what? I believe him. He’s a disaster, but he’s my disaster, and I’m going to clean up the mess.” And then he paused and took a deep breath.
John didn’t know anything about philosophy but he sure as hell knew this had nothing to do with utilitarianism. He blinked and looked away.
“What –“
“Humour,” Sherlock said quickly, “that was humour. A joke. I’m not a vampire. I’m a gay human man, and I jumped through the floor to kiss you. That makes sense.”
know, but there’s nothing to be done about that now, nowhere else to go. The blood is running down his face. He can taste it. The blow on his nose was hard.
“Like, do you want to… do you want me on the table, or…”
John closed his eyes for a second.
“You should,” Sherlock said in a heavy voice and glanced at the table. “So, you want me on the operating table, on my back, my feet in the stirrups. That’s practical. Am I wrong?”
“This place is completely distasteful,” Mycroft said, appearing at the end of the aisle. He was holding an umbrella and he was dressed like somebody ready to go to a decent restaurant in the late 19
“A side-effect of killing me.”
Sherlock stared at him. “What are
“Okay,” he said, “fine, we can do it in the bathroom. Just… one more thing.”
“…what?”
Sherlock says.
he is, that the only thing that matters is that there’s the two of them and they are together, here, right now. But he doesn’t. He drapes his arm around Sherlock’s waist and takes Sherlock’s dick in his hand. This isn’t going to last long anyway.
John looks around. Doesn’t sit in his armchair. “I understand. It was… it was inappropriate, and I was…”
“No,” John said, “no, I wasn’t… I wasn’t trying your clothes on.”
Sherlock licked his lips.
to see you,” John said, glancing at the wall. “You need a check-up and I promised Mike I’d do it, because apparently he’s told you about his dating history and regrets it.”
“Yes,” Molly says. “Because there’s something odd about the way he looks at you. I can’t pinpoint what it is, I just… be careful.”
when I’ve got a hangover,” John says and points at the laptop, “but that interview was so… It was so obvious that I’m in love with you, and I thought that there was no way you could’ve missed that. And I meant to say all this to you earlier, like, years ago, before you left. I was thinking about it, but I kept putting it off, and then you were gone, and I thought maybe I had driven you away, and… Do you want to kiss me?”
“What’re you thinking about?” John asks now.
“Yes.”
“The kettle is boiling,” Sherlock said in a steady voice. It was the same voice he often used to avoid John’s questions about the chemicals spilled on the carpet.
“Breathe.”
is in love with Tom, even though maybe he doesn’t call it love yet. But he’s going to. God, he’s going to, and it’s going to break his heart when Tom leaves him, because Tom
Tom got
“You read that somewhere,” Sherlock says and pulls John closer.
“Don’t do that,” Sherlock says, takes a step towards him and stops.
“Stop talking,” John says, still breathing hard. “So, you’re just a man, after all.”
“I love you too,” Sherlock says and takes his coat.
“No,” Sherlock says and then frowns, “I don’t know. Probably not. But you weren’t supposed to get
John pushes the hair from Sherlock’s forehead. “I’m with Mary.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said, “yes, I do. Can I kiss him now?”
So, he tried to avoid drinking from humans. He remembered this pretty much at the moment when he was about to sink his fangs through the neck of the human man who had redecorated his living room.
The therapist still looked a bit worried. “…your blood?”
, you didn’t want to see me.”
“Reprogram you? What does that even –“
Then he took his coat and stood up. He was already at the door, when the thought crossed his mind that maybe he had forgotten to mention something. “Hey,” he said to his therapist, who was looking at her notebook with a baffled expression on her face. “I’m gay.”
“Sherlock,” John says and squeezes his hip, “I want you to touch your dick. Do you hear me? I want you to.”
, when Sherlock’s knee pressed against his crotch again.
He opened the door. Sherlock was staring at him from downstairs.
“You’ll come?”
The blood in the fridge wasn’t the only weird thing about Sherlock. The man never seemed to sleep. When John went to bed at night, Sherlock was still in the living room, reading something or playing the violin or, sometimes, staring at John. When John woke up in the morning, Sherlock was again in the living room. And when John sometimes woke up during the night and went to the loo, Sherlock was in the living room. Only once in a while it happened that Sherlock took his coat, told John not to wait for him and then disappeared for days, and then
John breathes out. “Nothing’s going to happen.”
“I could do it to you,” John says, watching Sherlock’s face. “What you did to me. With your… mouth. I could do it. I could suck you. Make you sit on the edge of the sofa, push your knees apart, open your zipper, and then just,
That was the moment Mike walked to him in the supply closet and sighed.
Sherlock stands up. He looks absolutely ridiculous in Phil’s clothes. “
“I’m not worried,” Sherlock says, but he looks worried until he comes.
“Because you were lonely,” he says, and Sherlock flinches.
“…now?”
Sherlock sits in the chair, holding his breath. John looks away from him.
“Yeah?”
“Because you’re a –“
Why do people have sex? “I would let you,” Sherlock says instead of answering.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Boyfriend.”
“Morning,” Mary says and walks into the living room. She’s dressed for work, in a hurry but hides it well, slept alone last night. Sherlock wonders vaguely how much she knows and how much she’s reading from him right now. People always become more obvious when they’re emotionally compromised.
I thought I was going to become famous and, you know, get to choose the films I make. And for a moment it was almost like that. And then just… I don’t know.”
“I don’t want you to hold hands with it anywhere,” John said and then realised that had come out a bit wrong. “Well, of course you
was alright. “Why are you a vampire?”
“What kind of bad?”
“You think you can…” John paused and looked away. “Alright.”
“I said I know the basic principle,” Sherlock says, “but I’m not sure… I don’t think porn is a reliable source, so…”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. He can’t believe he finally said it. “I love you.”
Sherlock clears his throat. Oh, god, he can’t stop thinking about the picture he just saw. “Well, Phil is… Phil is gay, obviously, and he always kind of knew that. But also he’s always thought that relationships are hard and not worth it. He’s never met anyone who’d matter to him enough that he’d really consider trying. But then I met John –“
“But I thought I did,” John says, looking at Sherlock’s hands. “And I thought I was… I didn’t realise that I’m not… eating or drinking, or…”
“It’s not a
Sherlock bites his lip. “I’m in love with you.”
They were just friends.
Mycroft stared back at him for a few seconds and then sighed. “Alright, I’ll admit that this is boring. I’ll go. Just don’t let him do it in the living room, John. You don’t want blood on the carpet.” Mycroft took his umbrella. “Goodbye, Sherlock. And goodbye, John. I wish you find the rest of your life pleasing.”
A terrible idea popped into John’s head. “
John laughs in a sharp tone. “So, it only took a bit of sex to make you an idiot.”
John closed his eyes.
“Yeah,” John says and rubs the back of his neck. “I met her almost immediately after you left. She made everything better. She… I suppose she made me forget about you. I know that sounds silly, but –“
scientist.
“Well, then it’s good that I’m not a human, isn’t it?”
Sherlock breathed out. “Where would you –“
She stays for five minutes. He doesn’t want to ask but eventually he asks anyway, and she doesn’t look the least surprised when she tells him that she’s not sure how he can get John to talk to him. John is angry at him. He
“I went to sleep in 1945,” Sherlock said.
“My design,” Sherlock said. He had closed his eyes and he sounded a little breathless. “It’s supposed to… be easy, so that people can… quickly, and that I’m going to recover fast. But not too easy, because no one wants to… people want to… they want it to hurt a little.”
“You’ve seen other people do it –“
“…what?”
“We could get a place like that,” Sherlock says. “Somewhere far away where nobody would recognise us.”
“I think,” John says and touches Sherlock’s arm, “
“I was never a prince,” Sherlock said, sounding disappointed. “You stopped me.”
“So, you’re Sherlock Holmes,” Mary says. A pretty woman. Clever, too, studied psychology in the university. Sherlock has spent countless hours googling her. She walks to Sherlock and shakes hands with him, obviously pretends not to notice that he’s pretty much as relaxed as an atomic bomb. A kind person, then. A good match for John. Better than Sherlock. “I’ve heard so much about you,” Mary says and smiles. It looks genuine.
“You were asleep for sixty-five years, Sherlock,” Mycroft said. “Do you have any idea what I have had to deal with during that time? The role of Commonwealth in global politics has declined rapidly since the second World War, and finding a good tailor is becoming increasingly difficult. Speaking of which, you should take your coat to the dry cleaning.”
“Well, after the war I found you in a pile of dead soldiers,” Mycroft said, “high as a kite. You had even lost your shoes.”
John laughs. He doesn’t feel it inside him. He thought he used to. “Like what, then? Were you going to tell me?”
They have dinner in a Chinese restaurant they used to eat in when they were still living together. John is quiet and keeps looking at Sherlock. Maybe he’s nervous at the movie. Or maybe he’s just tired. Or maybe Sherlock has done something wrong and John is waiting for an apology. That has happened before. Or maybe Sherlock hasn’t done anything wrong
“…is it going to be a problem, then? That we…”
“Sherlock?” John calls from the living room. “Do you need me to get out or –“
here,” the robot said. “Come on, John, you aren’t
“Right,” John says, pushing his hands into his pockets. He smiles. It’s the smile he used four months ago in the sock advert. Sherlock saw the ad on television, watched it while sitting alone in the living room of 221B, and cried a little. Now, John looks at Sherlock and chews on his lower lip. “Are you sure you don’t need me to apologise?” John asks in a quiet voice. “Because you look like I just tried to kiss you or something.”
“Doesn’t like sex, yeah,” Mike said. At least he had the decency to look like he knew all this sounded like it was from a cheap sci-fi story. “Please, John. If we can find a problem, then maybe we can fix it, and then everyone’s going to be happy.”
He goes through all of it again. It’s weird, isn’t it? There’s a picture of Mycroft and Sherlock’s mother and father, standing in front of a huge house. A manor, really. Or a tiny castle. But there’s nothing about Sherlock. And when John googles Sherlock, everything he can find out is about the cases. He can’t find anything from earlier than approximately four years ago. It’s hard to believe that someone with Sherlock’s personality would have managed to live the first thirty years of their life without ending up on the internet.
because Phil’s not a complete idiot. Also, Phil’s not using cocaine.
He takes his clothes off except for his boxers and climbs into the bed. When he sleeps, he has a weird dream, as if he’s living somebody else’s life.
“I love you,” Sherlock says and takes a deep breath. “I love you but you don’t love me. That’s how it’s always been.”
“You can go, too,” the robot said, walked to the bed – it was large, much larger than John’s, and looked very nice – and sat down on the edge of the mattress.
“Just don’t.”
“You fucked her today,” Sherlock says. It’s mostly a guess. But John stands up so abruptly it must have been the right one.
“No, it’s not,” John says, angry now. At whom, that’s unclear. “It’s not
He sighed and then kicked the lid hard enough to shatter it into pieces. That was a shame. The coffin was handmade and the carpenter had died five hundred years ago. But he only had about two seconds to feel bad about that, before he noticed several things.
.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .
Sherlock glances at the next line. Then he freezes. Then he looks at the producer, and at the script again, and at John, who’s looking away from him. “What?” he asks nobody in particular. “What is this?”
The next day, they do another reading. It’s unbearable. John is
He leans towards Sherlock.
John walked to the kitchen and then glanced over his shoulder. Sherlock was watching him. “…why? You want company?”
“We thought it was great,” John says, “a great love story. I mean, not a
“Don’t apologise,” Sherlock says. “You have nothing to apologise for. Never did.”
“Also, humans taste so good that sometimes I get a bit high when I drink from them,” Sherlock said. “That has led to some undesirable outcomes.”
“I think you actually told me once,” John said, “that you’re a vampire. But I thought it was a joke. I thought you were gay instead.”
John comes to Baker Street three days later. Just like that, he’s there, knocks on the door like a stranger and waits at the doorway until Sherlock invites him in. He’s holding himself tight like a soldier.
They moved in together. Sherlock said he needed a flatmate even though he didn’t. Then the love triangle movie with Keira Knightley and Tom Hardy came out and everyone started recognising Sherlock at the street. It was exhausting. One evening, Sherlock came home early and found John watching the movie with his laptop in the living room. John had probably downloaded it on the internet. The scene John was watching with his mouth hanging open was the one in which Sherlock was having sex with Tom Hardy.
“Yeah, I remember,” John says. “So, you liked the cottage.”
Sherlock breathes in. He has his head leaning against his arms, his face in the pillow, his shoulders down, his knees on the mattress, his bottom… All in all, the posture is quite undignified.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked.
“It’s alright. You can.”
“Sit still,” John says, and Sherlock rolls his eyes. But when he urges Sherlock to tilt his head back and pinches the bridge of Sherlock’s nose, Sherlock doesn’t protest. He looks John in the eyes, and then his gaze drops onto John’s mouth. John licks his lips. Sherlock’s chest is falling and rising with his breathing. He doesn’t have a shirt on. He doesn’t have boxers, either, just a towel.
,” Sherlock said, looking at him as if he was stupid or something. Then Sherlock breathed out and pressed a light kiss on John’s wrist. “I can hear it, too.”
“I couldn’t let you buy a state with the money you had stolen from the church.”
John bit his lip. He didn’t want to get angry, but he was too tired to laugh. He just wanted this fucking endless shift to end so that he could get to sleep. “Mike, it can’t be medical. That thing is a
“Hey,” John said, stroking Sherlock’s hair. They were already in bed, he was on his back and Sherlock was hovering over him, leaning against his elbows and looking at him. They were both still wearing underwear, even though he didn’t know why. He licked his lips and touched Sherlock’s ear. It was cold. “What’s the worst that could happen?”
live here.”
“No.”
“Do you want to?” John asked.
He stood up, walked to the door and then stood there for a moment, looking at the coat. It really was just a coat. And there was no way he could
He didn’t learn how to talk about it, though. And he didn’t do it twice. He probably should have. He would be better at it now. Everything takes practice, even this. It looks so simple in porn. But it’s not, not really. It wasn’t. He gave up. He didn’t like the sensation. Didn’t like the taste that lingered in his mouth. Didn’t like the hands in his hair. Didn’t like the awkward moments afterwards.
John says on the screen, walking a circle in the living room in the cottage in Cornwall. “
On the screen, he touches John’s face. In real life, he leans towards John, so he can brush his hand against John’s on the armrest. John glances at him. He holds his breath and then meets John’s gaze, just for a second. On the screen, they’re obviously going to have sex.
“Yes,” the robot said, looking him in the eyes. “Because someone told you I don’t like sex.”
There’s a silence so loud it makes Sherlock’s ears ring. Sherlock walks to the bedroom and then comes right back. He masturbated yesterday, on that bed, thinking about John. He always thinks about John. Or something very abstract, like octopus-like aliens doing a thorough examination on him for scientific purposes but with a torturous undertone. But mostly, he thinks about John.
He pulled his fangs away from the human’s skin and sat down on the man’s crotch instead. The man drew in a sharp breath and stopped shouting.
John glances at him. “Of course it’s fine. Come on, you should get us a taxi. You were always better at it than me. Probably because you’re so tall.”
take it in my mouth. Your dick, Sherlock. I could do it.”
“He came to London four years ago? From where?”
“John?”
John breaths out and covers Sherlock’s hand with his own.
It’s late in the evening when John knocks on the door of Sherlock’s trailer. Well,
“No, I mean… How did you become a vampire?”
“Psychological? It’s a machine, Mike.”
“Great,” Greg says. “Let’s do this.”
“…hunt?”
Also, he was in love with Sherlock.
live here.”
,” John said, because it seemed that Sherlock was waiting for him to keep talking, which didn’t happen often and only made the whole situation more absurd. “I want to know about
“Sherlock -,” John said and then bit his lip. “221B –“
“I like you,” John says and bites his lip. “I love you.”
“Well,” John says and takes a deep breath, “I don’t know about Sherlock, but I… I’m sure we all have been in situations in which we realise we don’t know how to tell someone how we feel.”
John nodded. He looked a little confused, but then again, most humans were confused their whole life.
Like, you know.”
John swallowed. “What the –“
“You know I’m right,” Mycroft says, and then, “good evening, gentlemen,” with a smile lingering in his voice as if it’s a joke. Maybe it is.
He fixes his eyes on the script and feels like he’s on a stage, playing a part. Playing Sherlock Holmes, playing himself. That’s not a new feeling. But everything ends eventually, and so does the reading, and he says thank you and stands up and walks out of the room before he can stop himself. When he gets to his trailer, he opens a window and lights a cigarette, even though he doesn’t smoke anymore. His hands are shaking.
“Well, you’re kissing me,” John says. His face feels warm. Sherlock’s fingers on him feel… very good.
“I was perfectly capable of performing oral sex.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said.
of all things. That’s one of the reasons why Phil ended up renting a somewhat shabby cottage near to the sea in Cornwall with Tom, a complete stranger. Some of the other reasons are still a bit unclear, because the plot isn’t very well constructed. It’s almost as if the only thing the writers have been thinking about is how to get John and Sherlock to kiss.
Someone is using the toilet. Sherlock holds his breath for a second and then remembers it’s John. John passed out on Sherlock’s sofa last night – well, very early in the morning – and now it’s still early in the morning and apparently John has stirred awake.
“I used your calendar,” John said. This was stupid. It was fucking stupid that he felt stupid even though he was talking to a robot. “You’re supposed to… when someone makes an appointment through your calendar, you’re supposed to…”
“Yeah,” John says. He’s definitely smiling. Sherlock can tell that from his voice.
“Yeah,” John says with a cold broken voice. Sherlock broke him. He didn’t mean to. But now they are both broken, and he doesn’t know how to fix them. John knows and doesn’t want to. Maybe that’s because John is still so angry. “Yeah, it’s stupid,” John says.
“I’m talking about –“ But before he had a chance to say that he was talking about sex, of course, and that maybe a mutual handjob would be nice, but he wouldn’t say no if Sherlock wanted to fuck him, or the other way around, and he didn’t know what he thought about giving blowjobs but he was willing to try everything once, or twice, or a few more times if it turned out to be nice… Well, before he had time to say any of this, the door opened.
“He was alone for such a long time,” Mrs. Hudson says one afternoon, when John is sitting at her table, looking at his cup of tea. It’s lemon. “It’s nice that he found you.”
,” Sherlock says, trying to keep weight from sinking into the phrase. They were friends. Best friends, but still just friends. He should remember that. “My only friend, really. I didn’t want to lose you.”
It was just an ordinary coat. Well, maybe not exactly
. He reached past Mike and closed the door so that no one would hear the conversation. “Yeah.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, staring at him. “
“…in case of what?”
“John?”
“It’s a bit worrying, though, isn’t it? To think that someone could make a robot that would look like a …”
“Because I defecated this morning, but if you want to be sure that there’s no –“
“I was at work, Sherlock. At
But he was. But he couldn’t be. And how would it work out, anyway? Between Sherlock and him? They would have to break up. That was the only logical thing to do. But he couldn’t possibly break up with Sherlock. He couldn’t
“…but you don’t
“No, thank you,” Sherlock says and glances at the women, who’re smiling at them. “Who –“
“I heard you were going to be in it,” Sherlock says, looking away. “I didn’t care about the script. Anyway, I didn’t realise it was going to be
,” John says and lets go. He steps forward and grabs John’s shirt. Didn’t mean to, of course not, he just… “What?” John says and pushes at Sherlock. “What are you
Sherlock blinked.
“- and if you’re about to tell me that I’m pointing out the obvious –“
He opened his mouth and then realised he was too tired to argue. “Okay. Alright. I’ll do it. Can you… could you possibly wrap this up without me?”
“You’re not a disaster. I am.”
“No, I –“
,” John says, breathes the word through his teeth. Closes his fingers in Sherlock’s hair, then immediately lets go. Replaces his hand, touches Sherlock’s shoulder. Brushes Sherlock’s chin with his thumb. “What’re you doing?”
“We?”
“No,” Mike said, “nothing of that sort. John, I’ve been meaning to ask you something.”
die.”
“Yeah, we…” And then John bites his lip and looks straight at Sherlock. He looks older. More than two years older, actually. He has new lines on his face and his hair has more grey than it used to. “We don’t,” he says. “We don’t know each other anymore.”
“Fine,” John says, lets go of him and walks to his bedroom. John’s hands are shaking.
Then he texted his agent, because of course he was going to take the job if the job included John Watson.
They had also taken the loose hand back to Molly.
“Hey,” John says and stops.
for this, did he? He wasn’t looking for this, anything like this. He was alone, and he was fine with it. And then John found him, just like that, moved in with him and made everything better, and now he can’t live without. It’s unbearable. And it’s John’s fault. John should understand that.
“It doesn’t matter.”
I’m just… I’m going to… sorry.”
“You could’ve just asked me,” he said.
“Well,” Sherlock says very slowly, “that’s what people are worried about, generally, isn’t it? In a relationship. It’s the risk.”
Sherlock bites his lip. “You’re an exception. You were always an exception.”
You don’t have to worry. I’m not going to try to stab you.”
“Sherlock,” John says, his voice more quiet now. Mary is inspecting John’s trailer, as if there’s something interesting about it. “It was a long day,” John says. “Come with us. And later, we can watch TV, you and me.”
“Because if I say that I thought you’d be shocked, you’re going to think that I’ve got some kind of a problem with my sexuality.”
“I’m sorry,” John says, “I know that’s bad, I sound like a stalker, I
on his laptop. He almost dropped the laptop, when Sherlock opened the door and walked straight in.
Sherlock closes his eyes. Of course she’s here tonight. He should have known. He
“By offering to suck my dick.”
“Yes.”
“Yes.”
“No,” Sherlock says. “Was I too quiet?”
John presses his nose against Sherlock’s neck. “I hope you aren’t having second thoughts.”
“How’s your wife?” he asks.
“My heart,” John says, but now his own voice is sounding weird.
Sherlock opens his mouth and closes it again.
John glances at him. “You think it was weird?”
“You’re hurt,” John says, and then he’s touching Sherlock, and it’s good, it’s so good it must be really happening because Sherlock couldn’t dream
“I knew they were going to ask you,” John says. “Well, I would’ve accepted anyway. I’ve been kind of… I had a small part in a TV show last year, and I’ve been doing commercials for TV and for radio, but mostly I’ve been just… Well, I’ve been busy, with the baby and… everything.”
“I just want to make you feel good,” John said and bit his lip. “So, should I… should I take my pants off?”
John breathed in. He didn’t know what was happening in his life and he didn’t know what was happening in the kitchen right now and he certainly didn’t know what was happening with his heart, only that he hoped it wasn’t a heart attack. But he knew he wasn’t a coward.
He swallowed.
It’s almost impossible to live with Sherlock Holmes, and John loves every fucking second of it. He doesn’t know what that makes him, so he refuses to think about that.
It felt like fabric.
“Of course I cared,” John says and breathes in, “I
There’s a murder in the local theatre. They spend the day at the morgue and the evening behind the stage, and at night, Sherlock refuses to sleep and walks circles in the living room instead, attaching nicotine patches onto his skin and talking to himself. John goes to his room, sleeps for a few hours and wakes up to Sherlock shaking him by the shoulders, because apparently they need to go see what they can find in the dumpster behind the theatre. What a lovely way to wake up. But when he’s trying to put shoes into his feet, Sherlock touches his shoulder, brushing the bare skin on John’s neck with his thumb. It hits through John like a lightning. Not that he knows what getting hit by a lightning feels like, of course, but there’re so many things he doesn’t
Sherlock leaves food on the table. Sherlock leaves the fridge door open. Sherlock leaves a burning cigarette on the sofa table. Sherlock leaves a plastic bowl on the stove and John grabs the bowl as the plastic is already melting and tells Sherlock he’s going to move out. He doesn’t. He can’t remember what his life was like before Sherlock. Sherlock walks around the flat wearing muddy shoes and John shouts at him and then cleans the floor. Sherlock buys a video game and gets addicted and John snatches the game so that he can talk Sherlock into having a dinner and taking a nap. Sherlock breaks the remote control into pieces and John buys a new one. He doesn’t know why he does any of this, he just does, and sometimes he realises he’s smiling at himself. He supposes he’s happy.
“No, thank you,” John says. “So, he builds robots.”
And then, one night, he’s fucking Sherlock in their bed when Sherlock says his name in a tone that’s completely wrong. He stops, his hands still on Sherlock’s hips, his dick still inside Sherlock. He can feel Sherlock trying to relax under him,
, and very few that he does, and this is one of them: he absolutely
“So, what I want is for you, Sherlock, to stand here, in the kitchen,” the director says. Apparently his name is Greg. He said so this morning after Sherlock called him George. People are so sensitive these days. “Sherlock, you’re making tea, and you don’t turn around when John comes to the kitchen, but you definitely hear him coming in. John, you walk to the kitchen and then stop when you see Sherlock. You think something like,
“No?”
“I mean exactly that,” Sherlock says and then grasps the sheets as John slams into him again. It feels so real, everything about this feels real, but… “
“You do. A little.”
Mary Morstan is obviously clever and just as obviously hiding something. She seems perfect for John, and Sherlock hates her for it more than he thought was possible. It’s absurd. It might be fascinating, too, if only it was happening to someone else.
“It’s not that I wouldn’t want to sleep with you,” John said. “But I’m not gay. So, no. We can’t do it.”
“Yeah,” Sherlock said. “That.”
John bites his lip.
“You definitely read that somewhere,” Sherlock says.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said. His fingers brushed against John’s as he took the cup. He had warm fingers. Humans usually did. When they were alive. The hand on the table definitely hadn’t had warm fingers, not like John would, if Sherlock held his hand. “I’m not lonely,” Sherlock said, and John almost dropped his cup of tea.
“I can explain,” Sherlock says after the door is closed behind them. He sounds like he’s trying not to panic.
He’s an army doctor who served three years in Afghanistan. He has a psychosomatic limp and a therapist and he’s disappointed at Harry for breaking up with Clara. Sherlock told all this to him the first time they met, yesterday, at Bart’s. Since that, he has moved in with Sherlock, had dinner with Sherlock and shot a man for Sherlock. His hands were perfectly steady there. He remembers killing people in the army, but it doesn’t seem real in his memories. This did. He pulled the trigger and with the noise of the gun going off he knew he would do anything for Sherlock Holmes. There’s no going back. This is who he is: John Watson. An ordinary man.
“Yes.” John is quiet for a moment. “But I was also thinking about you all the time.”
Sherlock swallows.
“Your clothes,” John said and fetched them from where they were folded on a chair. “Here you go.”
Sherlock has barely had time to light a cigarette when John finds him.
,” Sherlock says. “You aren’t going to stay. Not now that you know.”
“Of course I had to,” John says. “I didn’t know when you were coming back. And I…” He rubs the side of his nose, then takes the t-shirt and the sweatpants Sherlock gives to him. “I didn’t know if you wanted me to be here when you came back.”
He opens his mouth and closes it again.
“Yes, we do.”
“Because you want to.” Sherlock breathes out. “Because I want to. And, well, with a lot of lubricant, I suppose.”
The robot nodded.
“Really?”
He swallows.
John tried to breathe. “Would you say that you’re fucking me?”
say it, he knows the words and John is excepting him to, but he doesn’t.
“Do I need to worry that you’re going to attack me?”
Maybe Sherlock should go and knock.
“Yeah.” He leaves the mugs and sits down at the kitchen table. “But it’s the only thing I can do.”
“Don’t you want to? Kiss me, I mean?”
“What?” John asks, then blinks and shakes his head. “That’s not important. I’m telling you, I should’ve never done it, I’m sorry for… for taking the advantage, and…”
“It’s a sex thing,” John said. “A gay sex thing, because we’re having gay sex. Because he’s a man. My boyfriend is a man. A human man.”
“Just do it. I’ll put it in your calendar and you’ll come to the sickbay.” He turned to the door.
“You don’t mean that,” Sherlock says, panting a little. “You’re going to leave me.”
He kisses John and John grabs his shoulders with both hands and kisses him with more bite than Tom did in the movie. He forgets to breathe and soon his head feels a bit light. He pulls back and John pulls back, looking at him with wide eyes and an open mouth. People laugh happily. Sherlock doesn’t remember how to smile. John takes a step away from him, but when he says he needs to go to the bathroom and leaves, John follows him. The bathroom is quiet except for the jazz coming from the speakers. They urinate side by side and then wash their hands. For a moment Sherlock’s sure John’s going to say something, but John doesn’t.
a relationship?”
“Where the fuck do you think I would go?” John asks and manages to turn around so that he’s facing Sherlock again. He moves forward, pinches Sherlock against the fridge door and kisses Sherlock on the mouth. He’s fucking angry, and sad, and can’t bloody fucking believe this, not at all, and he wants to hurt Sherlock for doing something like this to him, for lying to him, for making John love himself, for… He wants to hurt Sherlock for every fucking thing that has happened since he met Sherlock. But he’s tired, and there’s a copper wire sticking out from his chest. “The wire,” he says.
“John,” his therapist said, straightening her back and grabbing her notebook, “maybe you could tell me about it anyway, since we’re here.”
“Yeah,” John said, “alright.”
“I’m sure I’ll find out.”
“I’m not surprised someone hit you,” John says, grabs Sherlock’s wrist and pulls him inside. Then John touches his face. He’s gentle but he could be gentler. He’s capable. Sherlock knows. “Did you do this on purpose?”
” Mycroft said in a sharp voice. “And besides, I was on a holiday.”
John went to the kitchen and put a kettle on. Yeah, Sherlock definitely fancied him.
“I’ll see you later,” John says and leaves.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. He’s not going to tell John that he thought about quitting. He
“I’m not
“Sherlock,” John says, trying to keep his voice calm and failing, “if you keep doing what you’re doing now…”
“Just lie there and let me,” John said. It was the least he could do, after what… “There’s nothing wrong with you,” he said, wiping Sherlock’s stomach clean with the damp towels. “With your… with how your body works.”
Sherlock bites his lip. Moving his hands is difficult, as if he’s under water. He touches the zipper of John’s jeans, then opens it. John has blue boxers. Cotton, new, not expensive. A gift from Mary.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said and bit him.
“Hey,” John said, opened his eyes and touched Sherlock’s face. Then he touched Sherlock’s hair. Oh, god, he had missed Sherlock’s hair during these almost two days he hadn’t touched it. “Are you trying to make amends? Because you didn’t actually do anything wrong.”
Sherlock laughed and then went very quiet.
He takes John’s hand and puts it in his hair.
“It’s been a little longer for me,” Sherlock said. He sounded genuinely worried.
“That’s it,” Greg says after the fourth take. “That was good. Good kissing, John, and Sherlock, I liked the sound you made at the end, the tiny groan there. It sounded genuine. Good job. Now, let’s get you two to the bedroom.”
The dreams keep coming, and they are dark.
But then again, everyone was lonely in space. That was, like, the definition of outer space: there was just so much of it that it was impossible not to be lonely. But John was handling it well. He didn’t need Mike to set him up with anyone.
John stands up, looks at him for two and a half seconds that feel absurdly long, and walks away.
“That’s what they always say in the beginning,” Sherlock said.
“I need food,” Sherlock says and climbs out of the bed. He takes one step, flinches and stops. “Okay, you’re right. We can do it slower next time.”
He couldn’t think with Sherlock’s knee in between his thighs. Maybe they should just do it. One time. It wouldn’t mean anything. They were flatmates who sometimes kissed, and from now on they would be flatmates who had once fucked. Stranger things had happened. It would be like having a one-night stand with your new favourite person in the whole fucking world. Perfectly casual.
“I can do that myself,” Sherlock said, glancing at the paper towels.
,” John says in a firm tone. “This is a
“Good,” John said and took Sherlock’s face between his hands.
, and maybe, just to show John that he means it,
“Maybe it’s too early for this.”
“You saw it on the television,” John said in a thin voice.
“Bye,” Sherlock said. He stayed hiding behind the bush until he was sure Mycroft was gone. Then he spread the foxes on the grass to make the scene less suspicious and went back home.
with this man, and yeah, there were tiny obstacles, like, apparently Sherlock kind of wanted to eat him. But he was sure other couples had managed with worse things. If things got really bad, they could always try couples therapy.
“No, I…” John bites his lip. “She’s not going to be in the picture anymore.”
John follows Sherlock upstairs.
He stepped in.
“You’d let me hit you?”
Sherlock swallows and opens his mouth.
“The purple shirt,” John says, when Sherlock goes to the kitchen. “You still have that, then. Well, the tea is ready. Do you mind if I take a shower too?”
“It’s alright,” he said, “remember to breathe.” He should remember that, too. “I’m going to do it again. You’re doing very well, just…” And he did it again, and Sherlock made that sound again, biting lower lip, his legs flinching at the stirrups. “Is that pain?”
“Sherlock,” he said, reaching to touch Sherlock’s arm. “Sherlock, what do you –“
The apartment is quiet. John’s footsteps go further away in the corridor. Sherlock’s pulse is too rapid. He drinks a glass of water, walks to the sofa, sits down. Looks at the wall for fifteen minutes, then takes his coat and goes out, walks the streets until his head is numb.
“I did, too,” he says, and John freezes. But he needs to say this. Sex is considered to be more satisfying if both partners achieve orgasm. “Later. Here.”
John laughs.
live here?” the human asked, which made Sherlock wonder if maybe the human was an idiot even in human standards, which were incredibly low.
The timing wasn’t ideal. John hadn’t slept in thirty-three hours because there had been an explosion in one of the engine rooms and both he and Mike had been busy taking care of minor injuries like wounds and burns. He was goddamn happy that it hadn’t been worse, like that one time almost ten years ago, when he had been on his first mission in outer space and he had had to decide which leg belonged to which body after a very unfortunate collision with a meteorite. But he was also so tired he couldn’t think about anything except how to get into his own cabin and throw himself on the bed. If his insomnia kicked in again tonight, he would be a fucking wreck tomorrow.
“No,” John says, still holding onto Sherlock’s arm, “no, I wouldn’t, I didn’t. Do you want wine?”
“Of course not,” Sherlock said.
“I love you.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “I missed you.”
“If you ask me nicely.”
. That, and pretending to be someone else when he can’t figure out how to be himself. “You noticed I was weird, and erratic. Sometimes distant and sometimes… not. But you thought I was just eccentric.”
“No cases,” Sherlock says. A scientific experiment might have done the trick. An experiment with something flammable, perhaps. He thought about it. He was sitting on the sofa, watching John’s armchair that was empty, always empty, and he thought of flammable things, John’s hands on his face, John’s eyes, anger in John’s voice, and he wondered what it would take to tip John over, what it would take to fix things… But he doesn’t hurt himself on purpose. He told John so.
“So, I could just finish you like this,” Sherlock says, his voice quiet and slightly curious. Like John is a riddle. An experiment. Oh god, he probably shouldn’t like that. “John?”
“But you’re thinking about something else. I have inserted my penis into you and you’re thinking about something else.”
“That’s not the point.”
“You should update your German,” Mycroft said. “It makes you sound like a medieval prince. …oh, right.”
Sherlock is still standing at the doorway. He tries to put on a smile. Judging by John’s face, he’s not doing it well.
Being in love, John decides, is surprisingly easy. You just have to decide that everything is alright. As long as you believe it, it will be true. You have to ignore that nagging voice in your head that says everything could go wrong so easily, and that if everything goes wrong, what will become of you, because all that you are is that you are in love with him? You are Sherlock Holmes’ shadow, John, you sleep with him and make him tea, you listen to his monologues during the day and his snoring at night. You don’t know who you are anymore, John. Maybe you never did. And you don’t care, because the only thing you care about is holding onto this fragile love for as long as it lasts. That illusion.
“I bet,” John said.
Sherlock closes the curtains, checks that he doesn’t have anything on his face, and opens the door.
“A romantic relationship,” John says, squeezing Sherlock’s thigh tighter. “With… sex. And everything. Everything you want. We don’t have to… if you don’t want to have sex, that’s alright, and if you don’t want to kiss me, then I’ll learn to live with that, but I want everything that you want. And I know that I’m a middle-aged actor who does naughty Christmas commercials and has a baby and a very recent divorce and generally not a good record at making relationships last, and I wasn’t going to say anything, I really wasn’t, because I always had the feeling that you were keeping your distance from me, and I thought that maybe you realised I was in love with you and that was why you… why you kept the distance, and why you started using cocaine, and why you left me with a note, and...” And he breaths in and out and lets go of Sherlock’s thigh. “Sorry.”
“I’ll do anything.”
“You have a
“Yeah,” John says, “no,
It’s not stupid. Sherlock wants to tell John that.
John clears his throat. He’s looking straight at Sherlock.
“I was so lonely,” John says in a quiet voice, “and then I met you. And suddenly I realised I was worrying about your sleeping habits and eating habits and smoking habits and… and you managed to hide your drug addiction from me.”
“You’re doing it just fine,” John says, puts the cup of tea on the side table and grabs his knees. “And I’m not angry, I’m just… Well, I
Yes. Remove your smallclothes. For the sex. Please.”
But there were a few things about Sherlock that seemed a bit odd. Maybe that was because the man was gay. Or maybe it was just his personality. For example, he kept bags of cattle blood in the fridge, and when John had asked him why that was, he had muttered something about scientific research. A few days later Sherlock had come home with his white shirt soaked in blood. After that, John had tried to find out what Sherlock did for a living, but when he had asked Sherlock, Sherlock had only laughed at him. Maybe Sherlock really was some kind of a mad scientist. A mad,
“Sherlock,” John says in a small voice.
“John,” Sherlock says, shaking, “John, you don’t mean that.”
Sherlock blinked, grabbed John’s wrist, and pressed it gently against his nose. Then he blinked again, froze, and let go.
“It might help.”
“You should…” Sherlock cleared his throat. He sounded completely wrecked. “Just a bit… they’ll want to know how I… manual stimulation on my penis.”
The next time, he wakes up breathless and shaking. It takes him a few seconds to remember he’s in Gdánsk. It’s obvious he’s not going to get any more sleep that night, so he takes his coat and his gun and walks by the river until the morning comes.
“Yeah,” Sherlock says, “no, I don’t. I don’t know why I put that in the text. I didn’t know what to say.”
“Yeah,” John says, “it’s the marriage and getting a child and getting a divorce that does it. You look older, too.”
“Sorry,” John says and raises his both hands. He looks scared. “Sorry. I shouldn’t have… I don’t know what I…”
“I’m always subtle,” Sherlock said, sitting next to a pile of dead foxes.
John thought.
“Yes.”
John glances at him sharply, then looks away.
“…Sherlock –“
“What?” John asked.
“I’m not using him,” Sherlock says. “He wants to. And you didn’t
“I was sleeping,” John says. “There’re hospitals, you know. Places you can go if you hurt yourself.”
but John expects him to. Or maybe…
“I wouldn’t,” John says, but he thinks he would. He’s exactly that kind of a person. And he started having sex when he was… sixteen, he thinks. With Carol. From next door. Now when he thinks about it, it feels like it happened to someone else. Like when you see a dream about a movie. He can’t even remember Carol’s face. “This is new to me, too,” he tells Sherlock.
Sherlock glances at John and then stands up. Tea. They need more tea. He puts the kettle on and then arranges himself so that John can’t see his face.
“We aren’t finished.”
“You told Mary about what happened. That’s why it took you three days to come to me. You were discussing it with her. What did she say?”
“Yeah.”
“…bloody,” Sherlock finished. He looked a little nervous. Well, he should be. “That’s my type.”
No shit, Sherlock.”
” Sherlock says and kisses John, and then the scene changes. They’re in the bed, it’s the next morning, the light is soft and apparently Greg has forgotten his hat on the dresser. It looks very 2014 for an 80’s movie.
being an idiot, and took a step away from the coat. Then he stopped. Really, it was just fabric, just Sherlock’s coat, and Sherlock was out, and besides, Sherlock had used John’s toothbrush for a scientific experiment
“You’re going to insert your fingers in my anus and apply varying pressure on my prostate,” Sherlock said. It sounded like he had read it in a book. “Just get on with it.”
“No,” John says and walks to him, grabs his shoulders, holds him still. It’s good. He takes a deep breath.
“John,” Sherlock says, stroking John’s back. He can’t believe he’s allowed to do that. “I liked it.”
“Because you thought it was cheesy and stupid,” John says, “and you didn’t bother memorising it properly, you git. And also, yesterday when we saw that scene on the screen, you were watching me.”
“Alright,” John said and breathed in. “So,
Sherlock blinks. “We can go for a pint. I don’t
“John,” Sherlock cut in, “can I take your penis into my mouth?”
Well, of course he has
“But you want to kiss me.”
“Just fuck me,” John said. “It’s alright. Just fuck me.”
acting. “What do you mean, we are what we are?” he asks John. “You aren’t making any sense, Tom.”
“I saw the interview,” John says pointedly.
“Nowhere,” John said, staring at the hand. He took off his coat, breathed out and told himself that this wasn’t particularly more insane than most of the things Sherlock did. He could walk to the kitchen, ignore both Sherlock and the hand, and put the kettle on. He could do it. He could…
Sherlock opens his mouth and then closes it again. He tries to kick Sherlock in the leg but Sherlock moves away and pulls John’s hands behind his back.
wants nothing more than to kiss John now, because he’s a closeted gay chemist who’s been lonely for most of his life and has only recently realised that what he’s missing isn’t more hiking gear. And he’s in love with John. No, he’s in love with
“Sherlock,” John said, placing his hands on Sherlock’s chest but not pushing Sherlock away. This had happened before.
“You’re right. We should go to the bedroom.”
, then I get it wrong.”
going to be dull and irritating. You’re going to get tired of all my bad habits and I’m going to get tired of yours. And then, hopefully, we’re going to have another forty years together. Or fifty, if we are very lucky.”
“No,” Sherlock said immediately. His eyes were wide and he looked pretty much as shocked as John felt. “That would have been an unfortunate side-effect.”
“Fine,” Sherlock says, but it’s obvious from the silence that John wants more. “Still hurts.”
John took his hand and squeezed it. John’s hand was warm and shaking slightly, and he was quite certain that he loved John. “Yeah,” John said, looking like he might start either crying or laughing. “We’re stealing you.”
“I read the script, I just didn’t read all of it,” Sherlock says and then clears his throat. “Okay, now we kiss, and then…
“What’re you going to do, eat me?” John asked.
John is waiting. Sherlock can feel it in the silence.
Sherlock suddenly had a strong urge to kill John Watson.
He closed his eyes. For a moment he thought he was going to come, but everything faded into black instead.
“I’m alright,” Sherlock says. He doesn’t feel alright. He feels everything at once, and it’s terrible. He looks down on himself, but at least he’s wearing his boxers again.
“Am I going to have a scar?”
“A waste of time?” John repeated. “What else are you going to be doing?” He turned to face the robot again. It was standing closer to him now. He hadn’t heard it move. Oh, god, it was tall. “I just need to examine you. To… make sure that your body is… functioning.”
“Say hi to Sherlock for me, John,” Mrs. Hudson says.
“Sherlock,” John says and bites his lip, “are you unhappy about the Marvel thing? Is that it?”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, “yes, I can see that. Nice to meet you.”
“Don’t say that.”
“Well, I’ve seen the way you look at me,” John said and breathed out. “I thought you were just very gay. But actually, this explains it even better.”
John wakes up his left arm draped around Sherlock’s waist and his face pressed against the back of Sherlock’s neck. He blinks his eyes open and breathes in and out. There’s a line of small moles on Sherlock’s neck, reaching the first vertebra of his spine, and light freckles, scattered on the skin. It’s beautiful. Like art. Sherlock’s skin is a work of art.
“Yeah,” John Watson said. “What are you –“
“You weren’t supposed kiss me,” Sherlock says, sounding stressed. John wants to comfort him, to fix this somehow, but he doesn’t have a fucking clue how. “You were supposed to, I don’t know, live with me and maybe help me with my work. Be my
“I just need a moment,” Sherlock said, “to… recollect myself. I don’t want to walk the corridors like this. Everyone knows who I am.”
Sherlock looked a little shocked. A moment later, he emerged from his bedroom again, wearing his usual, weirdly old-fashioned clothes. He took the coat and the scarf and put on shoes and walked to the door. Then he turned to glance at John.
“I mean it,” John Watson said. “I rented this flat. I live here. So, you really need to explain why you…” And he paused. “Why you jumped through the floor and attacked me.”
“Mummy never told me,” Sherlock said. “She said it’d be traumatic for me to hear that story.”
“Of course you are,” Mycroft said. “Eventually. He’s exactly your type. A clean-shaven, mentally damaged soldier.”
“Apparently you’re the most brilliant actor he’s ever worked with,” Mary says in an easy tone.
He swallowed and reminded himself that he wasn’t doing this for himself, no, he was doing this for Sherlock, who was his flatmate and odd and oddly nice and probably in love with him. Sherlock wanted to kiss him, and he didn’t mind, so he could as well do it. “Fine. We can… we can kiss.”
So, apparently John liked kissing Sherlock. It meant nothing. Sherlock just was the best and the wisest man John had ever met accidentally in his own (rented) flat, so it was only natural that John wanted to kiss him. And besides, he was doing it for Sherlock. Mostly. He was doing it, because Sherlock had a thing for him and he wasn’t gay and therefore he could kiss Sherlock sometimes. Like now.
Lonely.
But that was just semantics.
From the ending. We’re sitting at the porch and I’m worried about everything, you know, about life and what’s going to happen to us. And you say all those things.”
“It’s on me,” John says and pays for both of them. It doesn’t make sense. Before, John never offered to pay for Sherlock and instead always complained if Sherlock just assumed he would. Now, he touches Sherlock’s back as they walk out of the restaurant and back to the rain. He’s pressing his lips together and there’s a serious look in his eyes.
“You’re welcome,” Sherlock says.
Also, he was probably going to die. He tried to kick Sherlock in the stomach, but Sherlock didn’t seem to notice. And he didn’t bother trying again, because he didn’t want Sherlock to stop wanking him.
“I couldn’t find any deer.”
“That’s irrelevant. You’re using him, and you know it’s a bad idea.”
Sherlock takes a deep breath. “Well, I’m obviously in love with you.”
So, Sherlock shouldn’t text John, but he’s lonely and there’s nothing good on television.
But what does the trick is when he brings himself to John with two broken ribs and a bloody face.
John swallowed. “Yeah, I just…”
-face. But thank god Mike didn’t and instead walked out of the closet and let John stare at the bandages alone until he felt sane enough to go back and do his job.
“And then tell him that you’re treating me. You don’t have to… Just make the appointments, and I’ll come here and, I don’t know, sit somewhere out of your way and read. You can put me in the supply closet if you want to. Mike won’t wonder if you have me here in odd times, like now, late in the evening. He’s just going to think that you’re embarrassed to be treating a robot. And he’d be right.”
Is he?
“…do you, John Hamish Watson, take this man, Sherlock Holmes, to be your lawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold, in sickness and health?”
“I’m getting old,” John says, “and going grey.”
“Yeah, of course,” John says, and they manoeuvre their way through the living room. He leaves Sherlock on the sofa, unwraps the blanket a little and cleans the mess on Sherlock’s stomach with a tissue, and then leaves Sherlock and the blanket and goes to the kitchen to heat up take-away from yesterday. He watches while Sherlock eats, and then he makes Sherlock tea and watches while Sherlock drinks it. He thinks he’s sure that he loves Sherlock.
“Just answer the question.”
John breathes out. “Okay.”
John doesn’t move in. It’s annoying, but Sherlock bears with it, because John spends more time in 221B than in his stupid flat.
and Sherlock can’t concentrate
he was usually high. He closes his eyes for a moment and focuses on the sound of John breathing next to him. He thinks he can still feel John’s kisses on his mouth, all twenty-three of them. It’s been a long day.
“Hello, Mycroft,” he says, takes the groceries to the kitchen and starts filling the fridge. He really should get rid of the mould from Sherlock’s experiment last week. “I suppose you were just leaving.”
“I’m sorry.”
“No,” Sherlock says, “no, just… Can we just get this done?”
, John.”
“Sorry,” John says. He sounds out of breath.
John really is in Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen, raises his eyes from the cup of tea as Sherlock walks in.
,” Sherlock says. “We should only care about the facts.”
“It’s alright,” he says, “don’t worry, it’s alright.”
Sherlock blinks, staring at the empty living room. He still has the armchair in which John used to sit. He tried to get rid of it once but couldn’t make himself touch it.
The day before they met, Sherlock googled everything about John. Still, it was a shock when John walked in. And another shock was when they started reading and suddenly everything made sense, even the silly script.
Sherlock says.
“Me?” Sherlock asked, staring at John as if John was the one who had just got caught holding a dead hand.
Sherlock smiled. It felt odd on his face, but then again, he hadn’t smiled in sixty-five years. “No, he’s not my
,” the robot said, stopping suddenly to glare at him. It was tall, taller than him, and it looked… angry. Then it blinked. “The doctor.”
“Sure,” Sherlock says. He had used to think about it, when he had been living with John in 221B. He had had relationships before. When he had slept with his first girlfriend, he had copied the whole scene from a movie. The girl had recognised some of the lines. So, with the next person, he had been more subtle. But he had still felt like he was acting. When they had been lying in the bed after sex, he had waited for someone to shout
John cleared his throat. “So, is this how… you just throw everyone out and don’t… when was the last time you had sex?”
“Try to stay alive,” he said and walked out.
“I was thirsty,” Sherlock said.
John comes back to the living room. “I can’t do this anymore,” John says and waves his hand at Sherlock. “But I suppose it is what it is.”
John is quiet for a moment and then breathes out. “Those were your lines.”
“My boyfriend’s a vampire.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes.
“Maybe I should’ve used latex gloves,” Sherlock said in a quiet voice.
different, but he was doing it anyway, and if he just could… if he could think of it as work, that would certainly be better for both of them. He wouldn’t have to think that he was trying to have very awkward sex with a robot and Sherlock wouldn’t have to… Sherlock wouldn’t have to think that John was assaulting him or something.
“But you
“Yeah,” Mike said. “Our sex robot. The one who –“
“No,” John says, his eyes dropping to Sherlock’s mouth. Just for a second. “No, Sherlock, I don’t…”
“That’s… complicated. I don’t—there’s pieces that—I don’t know everything.” John sounded frustrated. “I know the basics but there’s more to it all. There are things they kept from me, and I can’t access them. I don’t know if they somehow locked it away or—I don’t know.”
John smiled down at the miniature Earth in front of him and cradled it in his hands, his face full of fondness and longing.
John covered the back of Sherlock’s hand with his own. Sherlock exhaled a slightly shaky breath, grateful for this silent support, and carried on.
Sherlock could imagine Watson spitting it out through gritted teeth. If they were a person. It. If
Sherlock’s fingers hovered over the keyboard. He could make it all up, quite convincingly in fact, but that would be less fun.
In any other place Sherlock would deem this kind of peace and tranquility hateful and boring but his parents’ house was strangely calming and soothing. Time seemed to slow down here, but not in such a way that made him want to crawl up the walls in boredom. Time felt infinite and endless in this small bubble of serenity. The older Sherlock got the more he appreciated this house and the atmosphere his parents created. He understood now that the walls of this house were filled with love and it permeated the very air he breathed, and he himself yearned for the same. He could see himself settling down somewhere like this in his old age, wherever it was, as long as John was there with him.
Sherlock chewed his bottom lip before asking the question that had been nagging him since the day before.
John leaned back a little to look into Sherlock’s eyes. He could barely make them out in the dark, what little light there was from the stars giving them an unearthly appearance.
“Daddy?” The lump under the covers stirred slightly and bright blue eyes peeked over the edge. “Can I have a story?”
“Make it quick, I have things to do,” he said, slouching in his seat, making it obvious he had absolutely nothing planned.
John put on a thoughtful face while he exaggeratedly scratched his chin again, ignoring Sherlock rolling his eyes.
“A body was developed to house the AI. An organic body.” Mycroft waited for Sherlock to find the relevant pages. “The end goal of Phase III would have been units of soldiers all sharing the Watson AI. Phase II involved tests on individual hosts to perfect the AI transfer, although that has never been perfected. The body is still there, in Baskerville Laboratory. You can still save him.”
Sherlock grinned at the screen, and started with his first ever case.Many hours later, after the sun had gone down and then rose up once again, Sherlock was finished telling Watson about his most interesting cases. They had discussed them at length, Watson asking about details and not once appearing to be bored. He was quick to assimilate new information, even going so far as to learn medicine at the same time they talked about the cases - he wanted to know everything there was about Sherlock’s work. He wanted to know everything about Sherlock.
Jane looked down at the sleeping limpet in her arms, smiling softly and brushing the hair out of Sherlock’s face. She kissed her forehead gently and lingered there, stealing a few more moments of peaceful bliss.
Silence stretched between them. Sherlock felt the weight in his stomach solidify again, a tight knot of anxiety and fear.
There were photographs of the bodies attached to the report. All of them looked almost identical, with minor differences in colouration and birthmarks.
Sherlock woke late in the afternoon to the sounds of Mrs Hudson tidying up the kitchen. He rolled out of bed with a groan and went straight into the bathroom for a shower, feeling greasy after not bathing for almost two days. He emerged just as Mrs Hudson placed two bowls of stew on the dining table.
In early 2020 the British army, along with MI6, had started work on an AI capable of strategic and tactical planning, and routine patrol mission command. John was supposed to be the brains, the command centre of missions in enemy territory, leading soldiers from a safe distance. The ultimate goal of the Watson project were units of specially created soldiers with a shared consciousness - organic bodies hosting the Watson AI, masses of empty vessels able to carry out dangerous assignments.
Mr Holmes’ idle and pleasant chatter washed over them both as they were ushered into the house and the sitting room. Even though it was almost unbearably hot outside, the house was cool. The windows were wide open, a light breeze making the curtains sway gently. The breeze brought in the smell of flowers growing in the front garden and the soft buzzing of bees.
Most importantly, his personality and his character were intact. It was as close to a miracle as Sherlock would ever admit.
“Uh huh. Just put it on already,” Sherlock said as he walked back to the sofa and flopped down onto it.
“True, but I have a hot, young girlfriend to compensate.”
Sherlock felt the telltale heat pooling in his groin, the first stirrings of his impending orgasm. He needed more, more of everything.
“The software requires me to power down some of the—”
“Oh, Sherlock, I was so worried after you called! Are you alright? You didn’t overheat in the car did you?”
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed quickly, before John had a chance to flee the kitchen. John looked at him with a hopeful smile, and Sherlock’s chest flooded with warmth.
This, Sherlock realised, would be their first Bond night as a couple.
Sherlock’s entire body tensed.
John opened the door slightly but didn’t come in. “There’s something I need to show you.”
John ran his fingertips across Sherlock’s palm, taking in the new tactile sensations. Slowly, he moved closer, until he was only centimetres from Sherlock. He put one of his hands right over Sherlock’s wildly beating heart, and touched Sherlock’s face with the other.
“The cleverest,” John chuckled, and Darcy beamed at the compliment.
“I’ve never had a friend,” John said softly, sadly.
“Go to bed, Sherlock,” John sighs. Sherlock turns on his heel and stomps into his bedroom, slamming the door behind him. He doesn’t speak to John for two days.
He knew there was no hope of a perfect transfer, some data would be lost purely due to the enormous capacity differential between supercomputer RAM and human memory, but if there was one thing Sherlock wanted to keep intact, it was John’s personality. Everything else they could work on, together.
“This benefits us both, Sherlock, do not pretend otherwise.” Mycroft's tone was firm. “You can save your friend and prevent the information about him from falling into the wrong hands. The experiments of Phase II and III were carried out in a facility not bound by international ethics laws, and as such it is best they are forgotten.”
“Are y’getting in?” He mumbled into the pillows.
“And Mummy calls
Sherlock responded by scooting up the bed and kissing John. The angle was awkward, their noses bumped and lips met too hard. John stilled Sherlock’s head and adjusted the angle, tilting his head and moving his lips across Sherlock’s.
“A lot cleverer than both of us put together,” Sherlock agreed gravely.
“Alright?”
Sherlock monitored John’s vitals while the stasis tank was drained of the translucent medium the body had been kept in. He couldn’t help but briefly catalogue John’s physical features—strong jaw, compact frame, broad shoulders, narrow hips, average height, dark blonde and silver hair—as if he were meeting the man for the first time. In a way, he was.
Sherlock barged into the room to find John curled up in the farthest corner, shaking and gasping for air. A strangled, distressed sound tore itself from John’s throat.
Sherlock felt content. The only way he could’ve been any happier was if John sat next to him. If John were human. As it was, he soaked up whatever happiness he still could.
Sherlock had no idea how to respond without accidentally hyperventilating so he tilted his face up and closed his eyes.
Sherlock whistled and clicked a rude response to Molly. Not waiting for a reply they opened the door and stepped in.
Sherlock released something between a hiccough and a sob, his vision going blurry. He felt John lean in close again and he closed his eyes, breathing John’s scent and the smells of the summer night.
Sherlock opened one eye to peer up at her and smiled.
Unfortunately Sherlock’s tense abdomen seemed to provide more relief to John’s straining cock because John started thrusting his hips just a little bit harder. Sherlock panicked and tried to shuffle away but John tightened his grip around Sherlock’s torso. Sherlock was trapped.
“No!” Sherlock turned to him. “I mean, yes, if you want to. Or not. It’s your choice.”
“What about the dragon?” Darcy’s eyes were round as saucers with excitement.
“I’m sorry, daddy,” she said in a small voice, muffled by John’s t-shirt.
John glances at the plant in his hands, and indeed there are a few white blobs still attached to it. He looks back up at Sherlock who stops his pacing and stands directly in front of John. John blinks at him.
“I only thought—”
“I knew it would happen. I couldn’t keep this a secret for long even with your brother’s help—I know he’s been helping, Sherlock. But there’s something… they’ve been accessing my memory.”
“A walk where?”
“Close your eyes.” Jane said without turning around, Sherlock’s gift held tightly in her hands.
“I’m so sorry. For everything I’ve done to make you angry. I’m sorry if—I’m sorry in case this doesn’t work.”
They spent some time like this, the three of them under the covers and snuggled up close. The only light left in the room was Sherlock’s bedside lamp, casting a warm glow over them, helping dispel some of the fear and danger of thunder.
“John,” Sherlock gasped. “Joh—ah—ah—John, I’m not—oh god—this isn’t going to last.”
“Oh, a man in uniform, they’re always so charming,” Mrs Hudson giggled. Sherlock cleared his throat, feeling the blush overtake his face, and said nothing.
“Good. It’s lov—good.”
Sherlock scowls and eats the rest of his meal in silence.
Sherlock knew there was nothing he could say now to recover gracefully from the situation so he did the only thing left to him—he ran away. Without a word he pushed the cardigan into John’s hands, wrapped his dressing gown tightly around himself, and bolted from the room without looking back. He heard John call his name but he kept going until he slammed the bedroom door behind him, and threw himself on the bed. He was going to stay inside until it all went away or, what was more terrifying and more likely in this scenario, until John went away. Permanently.
Once his eyes adjusted to the dark Sherlock could see John’s silhouette. He could see his profile as he talked, and he fancied he could see the starlight reflected in his eyes which were as dark as the night sky. Sherlock knew, with the kind of unshakeable faith he rarely experienced in his life, that throughout the entire history of the universe, cosmic stardust had never and would never coalesce into a being more perfect than John Watson.
John bounced lightly on the balls of his feet. “Why don’t you come over? To watch the game?” Lestrade raised his eyebrows at him. “We could grab some Chinese and a few beers. You have a day off tomorrow, right?”
“Yes, I did.” Sherlock could hear a smile in Watson’s voice. A
He could feel himself harden at the thought, and he wondered whether he could get away with snatching John’s cardigan for a bit, just long enough to firmly imprint the scent from it into his mind palace while he rutted against the bed with two fingers up his arse. John’s smell surrounding him, he could pretend it was John fingering him slowly to completion.
His feet brought him to his violin case, thrown without care onto the other armchair in the room. Sherlock got the instrument out, prepared and tuned it, but no sounds came forth. He stood at the window, violin and bow ready to play, but everything in his head was silent and empty. His fingers, usually so graceful and effortless, gripped the neck of the violin too tightly.
“I am not your pawn to be used in your government schemes,” Sherlock said through gritted teeth. “And neither is John.”
,” Sherlock said more insistently and tightened his grip on John’s hips.
“No,” Mycroft conceded, “but it will delay it. You and your friend might become valuable assets in the future.”
In the wee hours of the third day Sherlock fell asleep by accident, while trying to stay awake by counting the average number of sugar crystals in Speedy’s sugar packets. A few hours later, a loud thump and a yell from his bedroom woke him.
“Straight away?” John asked with mirth in his voice.
Mycroft heaved another sigh, tapping the end of his umbrella against the wooden floor. When he spoke again, his voice was gentle, as was his gaze.
John immediately began to pull feebly at his clothes and Sherlock felt something tug at his chest at seeing so John clumsy and uninhibited. Last time they had been blind drunk and a week away from John getting married, so Sherlock didn’t really like to reminisce about those times too much. He knelt down in front of his friend and gently helped him take off his shoes, jacket, shirt and trousers, leaving John in his boxer briefs and tshirt.
“A case?” John asks with hope in his voice.
John opened his mouth to say something but started coughing instead. Realising John had not had anything to drink in a while, Sherlock grabbed the glass of water he had left on the bedside table and held it out.
With a sigh of relief, Sherlock opened the single accessible folder. Instead of documents, as one might expect from an archive, it only contained a single file. Or rather, an ancient looking software shortcut icon.
“J-John, I-I-I h-had to a-a-ask...“ Sherlock stammers through clenched teeth. John takes his coat off and drapes it around the detective’s shaking shoulders.
“Sherlock.”
“Morning breath, Sherlock. I don’t think you’d want—”
“If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were a hopeless romantic,” John murmured, affectionate amusement in his voice.
:::::
“It’s probably a client,” Sherlock said, knowing it wasn’t. The length of the single ring could only mean Mycroft, a perfect way to sour the cheerful mood. Mrs Hudson didn’t need to know that, but it was the perfect opportunity to get rid of her. “Would you mind showing them in while I get ready?”
“Not at all, Mrs Hol-- Margaret,” John said hesitantly. Mrs Holmes beamed at him with pride. She handed him a bowl of partially mixed pastry and turned her attention to Sherlock.
“Daddy didn’t kiss you straight away?” Darcy was genuinely puzzled. She looked between John and Sherlock, waiting for one of them to explain.
Now though,
He knew John wasn’t completely safe just yet, and he didn’t know whether the transfer had been a success, but the immediate physical dangers were now over. John was stable, all he needed now was rest to recuperate.
“Oh, brilliant idea! Don’t use that flimsy thing though, let me get you a proper blanket,” Mrs Holmes snatched the blanket from Sherlock’s hands and disappeared inside the house before Sherlock even had the chance to open his mouth. He frowned at the retreating silhouette of his mother.
“I thought you weren’t my housekeeper,” Sherlock remarked dryly.
Sherlock wanted to scream and hurl the violin against the wall. Instead, he bottled up his anger and carefully put the instrument away. He had to get over this, he
life not yours!”
"Sir, the neighbours were complaining--"
“Sherlock,” John says as he holds up his hand. He carefully puts the violin and bow down on the kitchen table and doesn’t look up at Sherlock as he continues. “Not interested in whatever experiment you were conducting this time.”
“This folder is the only record of Phase II of the Watson AI,” Mycroft continued as if Sherlock hadn't spoken. “After the failed Maiwand mission, the MOD decommissioned Watson and stopped the progress of Phase II, making sure all physical files were destroyed and digital copies were heavily encrypted, as you yourself discovered. However, certain...
“Very scared.” Sherlock nodded. “I loved your dad more than anyone else in the world but didn’t believe he could love me back. I did a lot of silly things because of that. We both did.”
In the meantime, Sherlock let Mrs Hudson fuss over him, not paying attention to what she said or what kind of food she put in front of him. Mostly, she let him be.
“You’re adorable,” John leaned in to whisper. He pulled away from Sherlock with a giggle at Sherlock’s ferocious scowl, and gave Sherlock’s bum a quick pat on his way to the kitchen. “Let’s get the food.”
John quickly puts on his dressing gown and runs downstairs, hoping to get to Sherlock before the police. As he opens the front door he sees one of the officers carefully approaching Sherlock, who seems oblivious to the commotion around him and continues playing with his eyes closed.
“You’re beautiful even when you’re covered in snot.” John smiled down at him and Sherlock gave him a slightly watery smile in return. John wiped away the tears on Sherlock’s cheeks with his thumbs. “There, all good again, yeah?”
It made John giggle and, having never missed an opportunity to kiss the laughter from John’s lips, Sherlock leaned over to kiss John again, both making sure to make extra loud kissing noises. Darcy made pretend disgusted noises and swatted at their faces but soon enough dissolved into giggles, after both John and Sherlock turned their noisy kisses on her. The smacks turned into John blowing raspberries on her neck while Sherlock tickled her belly and sides. All three of them dissolved into helpless laughter until they were breathless.
Sherlock assumed one of the icons along the top of the screen enabled online access. The icons were cryptic and opened a vast number of menus and functionalities with vague names composed of acronyms and numbers. It took a minute for Sherlock to get his bearings, which didn’t escape Watson.
“I thought you’d never ask.”
Sherlock felt angry at himself for daring to hope, and for forming such a quick attachment. An attachment to an AI of all things, inaccessible and unreal in so many ways. But just one conversation with Watson had been more fascinating, and promising, than any he had had in years. Watson didn’t judge him based on his past, or his looks, or his profession, or skills. He respected him as a nuanced person and seemed intrigued by Sherlock. It made Sherlock feel whole, like he might not be a complete social reject after all. Though he could hear the sneering and mocking voices of his peers, laughing at him for only managing to find a friend in non-human intelligence.
He could see John moving around the kitchen, making breakfast, in his peripheral vision. John turned his back to him, engrossed in preparing his oatmeal,  and Sherlock let himself smile at the mismatched socks encasing John’s feet. His fingers itched to smooth away John’s unruly hair, and to touch the pillow creases still marring his cheeks. Sherlock wanted to feel the day old stubble beneath his fingers and his lips. He wanted to bury his nose in John’s neck and smell him, the remnants of his shower gel and shampoo, his aftershave, deodorant, sleep sweat and the very essence of John.
:::::
Sherlock spent almost every moment he could looking at John. He periodically checked John’s vitals—every minute, just to make sure, because what if it happened again and he lost him for good?—until John fell into deep sleep. Only then did Sherlock let himself relax at all.
“Stay the night,” John said, removing some of the clutter from the other end of the sofa. “I know it’s not as comfy as your own bed, but it’s better than a night bus.”
He was completely powerless.
“That’s surprisingly tasty,” John says after eating his first spoonful of the blue concoction. Sherlock twirls his spoon idly and says nothing. They eat the rest of the food in silence.
Jane knew she had managed to surprise Sherlock by the quiet gasp Sherlock made when she opened her eyes. Sherlock stared at the ring box in her hand with wide eyes and her mouth slightly open.
They had two days, if Mycroft was correct, and he almost always was. Two days was far too short something truly meaningful, but Sherlock would take anything, anything at all, to banish the self imposed loneliness. Two days of happiness were better than nothing.
“I’m glad you
Sherlock glared at the text but didn’t reply. A moment later more text appeared.
Sherlock woke up feeling groggy and a bit sore. Return to full consciousness was slow, not at all helped by how warm and comfortable he felt. It was only when he tried to bury himself deeper under the covers for a few more minutes of sleep that he realised his sleeping position had changed somewhat during the night.
Darcy stayed silent for a few moments, considering the question. She looked up at Sherlock, seeking reassurance.
“Promise?”
John hadn’t called back.
Sherlock huffed out a quiet laugh, before turning his head and kissing the centre of John’s palm.
John leans out of his window to see Sherlock, dressed in his suit, standing on the pavement outside the front door of 221. He stops screeching on his violin as soon as he spots John.
:::::
“I missed you,” he said quietly, still looking down at his lap, hands twisted in the silky fabric. Maybe if he couldn’t see John’s pained eyes he could find the courage to say everything. “The flat was too empty. But now—now it’s home again. It’s never home when you’re not here.”
The police officers nod at John, get into their car and drive away. As soon as they’re gone John shoves Sherlock into 221 and locks the front door behind them. He marches upstairs to their flat and straight into the kitchen, Sherlock trailing behind him.
“M’know you gave me different pills,” John slurred into Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock readjusted his grip on John’s waist and dragged him up several steps.
“You utter idiot,” John mutters. “You couldn’t wait until I got home? How long have been waiting out here?” He asks as he flags down a cab. It takes him several tries to get one to stop but as soon as he succeeds he shoves Sherlock inside and tells the driver to get them to Baker Street as quickly as possible.
. He wanted him to be happy until the end, spare him the distress of… of his life ending. Sherlock wanted to protect him, and take the burden of mourning solely upon himself.
“Now, where were we?” John half-growled out as he pulled Sherlock towards him. He reached down to pull Sherlock’s leg over his own and grabbed his arse. Sherlock’s delighted gasp was lost in John’s mouth.
“Why?” Sherlock sounded intrigued.
“Sherlock Holmes, will you marry me?”
. His smell belonged to 221b and, mixed with Sherlock’s own scent, made it
“You are all young to me. Who is he? When can I meet him?”
John hummed into the kiss and slowed it gradually, ending it with a few final light pecks to the corners of Sherlock’s mouth and then the tip of his nose.
The soft click of the front door closing shook him out of his reverie. He got up to lock the door, feeling unsure what to do next.
He pressed his forehead against the warm metal, trying in vain to imagine it was the warmth of a human body.
“That’s very romantic,” Sherlock chuckled.
“This won’t stop the M Project, you said so yourself.”
John and Sherlock finally relented. All three of them were a little bit breathless from laughing, the covers and pillows strewn around the bed.
“A rule or ritual,” John explained.
Sherlock hated seeing John sad, even slightly, so he propped himself up on one elbow and leaned across Darcy to give him a quick kiss. John looked startled for a second but recovered quickly, and tugged Sherlock back for a second kiss.
“Sure. Yeah.” John hoped his face didn’t look as miserable as his voice sounded. Sherlock looked up and studied John’s face for several seconds.
Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to read the reports about the disposal of the bodies.
A few days later John stays behind at work to help out a colleague. It’s just as well, really, as he doesn’t particularly want to go out into the pouring rain, having left his umbrella at home. Almost an hour after his shift ends he finally ventures outside and nearly bumps into Sherlock when exiting the building.
Satisfied with the explanation, Darcy tugged on Sherlock’s t-shirt for him to continue.
to me.”
“Ha—ah—uh—uhh—harder,” he panted out.
“Oh, thank fuck. You scared me, Sherlock.”
? How dull,” Sherlock quipped, before he could stop himself. He regretted it as soon as it left his mouth, knowing his acerbic quip crossed a line into outright rude.
“No wonder you don’t like painkillers,” Sherlock muttered at the liquified John Watson at his feet. John giggled in response. “You’re going to thank me later for this.”
“Not taking any risks,” he said by way of explanation and went into the loo for a cup of water. When he walked back out Sherlock was confronted with the fact that John was as affected by their activities as he was, the evidence of this perfectly outlined by John’s boxer briefs. Sherlock couldn’t tear his gaze away until John crawled back into bed.
“Come to bed, love.”
“Don’t know,” John said and shrugged. He looked down at his feet, somewhat sheepishly. “I just thought it’d be nice to have a night in. With a movie. A bit like a date. Since we haven’t had any.”
“John,
As he waited for the coffee machine, he gave in to the persistent blinking light of his full inbox and checked his emails. A message from John, sent the previous day, immediately caught his attention.
But that was
“You didn’t tell me you had a voice. A very… real voice.” Sherlock cringed at how idiotic he sounded.
John hugged Sherlock tightly, caressing his back and carding his fingers through his mop of curls, murmuring quiet words of love and affection into Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock clung onto him, his whole body trembling with quiet sobs. The pain of the last few years seeped out of him, melted away with the tears and the ragged breaths, replaced by John. John’s scent, John’s skin, John’s touch, John’s words, John’s love. It filled Sherlock until he felt whole again, until the last remnants of emptiness and loneliness were gone.
“No, you’re your own person. You’re you. John Watson, formerly of Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. A soldier, now also a doctor,” Sherlock teased him lightly and was pleased to hear John huff out a laugh. “You’re—” Sherlock hesitated. “You’re my friend.”
“Just—please?”
“You have two days at most before Watson disappears, one way or another. I can protect you until then, as I have done so far. When it,” Mycroft cleared his throat and grimaced. “
John brushed their noses together. “It’s a promise then. When we’re both ready. Yeah?” He waited for Sherlock to nod. “We’re not in a rush, anymore.”
The room was completely dark, like the endless darkness of space, but for the one bright spot in the middle. As Sherlock got closer, they walked past several planets they recognised to be part of the Solar System. The planets weren’t much bigger than their head, travelling slowly along their own orbits. The Sun, dimmed as not to damage eyes, shone warmly in the middle.
The front door flew open to reveal Mr Holmes with a huge smile on his face, and his ever present glasses dangling from a chain around his neck.
John hummed above him and Sherlock looked up at him, his hands still on John’s hips. John smiled down at him, his mouth endearingly lopsided, and ruffled his hair weakly. Sherlock’s scalp tingled pleasantly where John’s fingers touched it, and he wished John would run his fingers through his hair more often.
Or rather, what the small, password protected and triple encrypted folder contained that necessitated such high levels of security in an already secret archive. A folder named WATSON, last date of access about thirty years prior.
“I’m sure Sherlock can deduce it,” John shouted back.
John grudgingly accepted ice packs, an arm sling, some prescription painkillers and a stern lecture about going to physiotherapy as soon as possible. Sherlock knew John disliked strong painkillers and would take the absolute minimum—he also knew John would be unbearably grumpy and snappish for the next few days—so in a fit of desperation he stole a blister pack of maximum strength codeine from the hospital pharmacy and gave it to John. Without John knowing, of course. Sherlock reasoned it wasn’t like drugging him at all, if anything he was looking out for his best friend and wanted to make sure he wasn’t in any pain at all.
John looked at him as if seeing him for the first time. Sherlock stayed where he was, hands outstretched, palms up, trying to be as non-threatening and calm as possible.
Darcy shuffled closed to John and hugged him.
Without waiting for her to say anything Sherlock carried John upstairs, and into his bedroom. He stripped John of the lab coveralls and dressed him in one of his own pyjama sets. He was so focused on his task he barely noticed Mrs Hudson coming in with the medical bag from the car.
Sherlock had an inkling about Watson’s awareness of its situation, but had to make sure. The fact that it hadn’t reacted at all to being woken up after over thirty years of hibernation was suspicious.
Sherlock’s belly flipped and he felt his face heat up. Such a simple touch, but it could melt Sherlock’s bones.
“Thank you for your concern. As always, it was unnecessary and unwelcome,” Sherlock snapped, the furious scowl on his face at odds with his forcefully relaxed posture.
“A-an ho-hour,” Sherlock is shivering so violently he nearly falls off his seat. John manhandles him into a fierce hug and rubs his back and arms.
Sherlock kneeled down a few feet from John and repeated his question.
Sherlock’s smile grew, the lines around her eyes and mouth deepening with joy, and the slant of her mouth becoming endearingly lopsided.
Sherlock peered down at the little cherub face staring at him pleadingly. He has never been able to say no to her, from the moment he first saw her as a newborn baby just over three years ago. The love was instant, all consuming, and more than a little bit scary. From the moment Darcy opened her eyes and looked at him—even though logically he knew a newborn couldn’t really see properly—he knew he would move heaven and earth to keep her safe and happy.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t think—I thought you knew,” John said as he soothed Sherlock’s side. He looked concerned but underneath the worry there was relief.
“The things I have to put up with,” Jane huffed in mock annoyance. She leaned down and kissed Sherlock’s full lips. Sherlock hummed and deftly grabbed Jane’s head to keep her in place.
Sherlock sighed heavily. He was seriously considering simply picking John up and carrying him up to their room. John slid out of his grasp and melted down onto the stairs.
get over this. This wasn’t the first disappointment in his life, and it wasn’t the first friend he’d lose. They weren’t even friends, they had just met, and Sherlock was stupidly projecting all his hopes on the first person to take an interest in him. Not even a person, a computer. How utterly pathetic and stupid.
Then John hitched up his leg and pushed his thigh against Sherlock’s cock, and all thoughts of escaping fled Sherlock’s mind. It was bliss. John muscular thigh pressed hard enough to provide blessed relief, and Sherlock couldn’t help but thrust his hips just a little. It had been days since Sherlock had masturbated and he desperately needed a release after the case.
Sherlock sucked in a startled breath, his mouth falling open. Watson. Watson’s voice. He had a voice. He was calling him. He was speaking to him. Watson
There was no subject or a message, just a link. Sherlock followed it without a second thought.
“You don’t know what you’re doing.”
Sherlock turned his back to John and moved further towards the edge of the bed. Any further and he’d fall off. He wrapped himself up in the duvet and buried his face in the pillow, determined to fall asleep as quickly as possible and get this sleeping nonsense over with.
The detective slumped, his shoulders and head almost collapsing in on themselves. It was John that embraced him now, pulling Sherlock’s head into his shoulder and caressing those curls, wishing they were out of this damn hospital with its crappy white walls and stiff blue chairs and terrible tea.
“Jawn?”
“Yes, between the acid and the surgery, most of the hair on this side of your head is missing. But all the follicles are in place, it will all grow back.”
John set a plate with a scone on his own lap and began to read some articles out loud, pausing every few minutes to take a bite. He was interrupted by Sherlock tapping his fingernails on his own plate, indicating the need for another scone.
Sherlock dropped the phone to look up at John’s silver locks, still frowning.
Sherlock answered with a grunt, a response John assumed was as close to a ‘yes’ as he was going to get. John moved the lamp closer and carefully set about his task. He leaned over Sherlock’s head as it rested against the pillow, methodically checking and cleaning each wounded area, applying the proper ointments, and finally bandaging it up with the least amount of material that he could. He hummed. This is where he excelled – he may be slow on the draw on drawing conclusions that would solve a murder, but he was an outstanding doctor. But as intent as he was, he noticed Sherlock didn’t have his usual...Sherlock smell. That smell of old books and chemicals, of that certain spice that John had never been able to pinpoint was a cologne or shampoo. It was missing, cleansed away by the sanitation of the hospital.
Mycroft paused, and John searched his face for some sort of indication of where this conversation was leading.
Sherlock nodded, and John could see the immense exhaustion that was taking its toll on the man. Deep grey pockets underscored each eye, and the healthy glow that John had so rigorously induced with proper nutrition and exercise was beginning to fade. “Yooo said et doesn’t matter.”
, he thought.
“You need me to tell you…what happened,” John recited. “Oh, Sherlock, at the lab? When you were attacked? You mean all this time – you did not remember?”
“Ahh,” John cried as his hands sunk into Sherlock’s curls. He relished the feel of Sherlock’s lips brushing, kissing, his tongue tasting, his mouth everywhere at once, not realizing the quick work he had made of the buttons and belt of John’s pants until Sherlock’s hand was down there, touching him. “God!” John exclaimed at the feel.
“Tehl may…what to do,” Sherlock stiffened in embarrassment, his face still hidden from John, who could feel the heat of the blush on Sherlock’s cheek against his shoulder. This man on him was now at his most vulnerable, most exposed. John could not tell if it was because Sherlock was less experienced than John had assumed, or Sherlock was seeking the best way to please the doctor. It didn’t matter.
