He glances up through the crack in the door and sees Dr. Watson toss the case file down on the coffee table before walking over to roughly ruffle Sherlock’s hair. Mycroft blinks in astonishment. Sherlock tugs his head away in annoyance and tightens his arms over his chest. “You’re an utter arsehole, you know that?” Dr. Watson comments casually.
When the meal is over, Greg finds himself in surprisingly better spirits, smiling as he carries his licked clean dish to the sink. Hell, he’d even seen Sherlock genuinely grinning once or twice over the course of the night, so maybe it was going around. Maybe it was the spag bol.
? Well, then maybe you’ll listen to me next time and not run off on your own after a criminal, you twit. And I’ll have you know—” the rest of his rant is cut off as the door slams closed, and Sally watches them walk away, pressed impossibly close together, towards the front door.
had been one of them.
“What?” Sherlock whispers disbelievingly, and there’s the saddest look of hopefulness on his face John’s ever seen. It makes John want to kiss his eyelids and take the look away, but his mouth won’t stop talking now that it’s started.
Greg steps in cautiously, case files still hidden against his side. John passes the spoon in his hand over to Sherlock as he moves away to wash his hands in the sink. Sherlock stirs the sauce on the stove once more before covering the pan with a lid and turning the heat down. Greg has the passing thought of how odd it is to see Sherlock in a domestic setting like this. He’s even got a bloody kitchen towel patterned with butterflies slung over his shoulder. Most likely a borrow from Mrs. Hudson, he guesses. John comes up beside Sherlock and casually uses a corner of the towel to wipe his hands on before he claps Greg amiably on the shoulder. He opens his mouth to speak, before seeming to remember something. “Hang on.” He glances over his shoulder. “Sherlock, could you—”
“Well, gents,” Lestrade sighs, leaning his elbows on his knees. He tries to avoid the abominable glare Sherlock has directed at him. “It’s regrettable to say, but I
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock had been fucking with him on the name thing, but the twin sets of uncontrollable laughter coming from their flat only confirms it as Greg trots down the steps. He wants to be miffed about it, but he can’t help the smile that comes to his face.
“I said
“Okay, yeah,” John swallows a bite of toast and brushes the crumbs from his fingers. He sits back in his chair and looks up at Sherlock boldly. “I’ve never had a boyfriend—male partner, whatever. It never got that personal for me. But I’ve had...experiences...with men. In university, mainly. A few times when I first started in the military, but not really after that. Got too caught up in being a doctor.”  He shrugs.
Sally watches them from afar. With those two, she’s never quite sure what to think. Sherlock might as well be a heartless robot in her eyes—but John Watson treats him differently, always has. She has to wonder
John wonders if this is another dream—laying in bed with Sherlock at God knows what time of the night, idly chatting about bad dreams.
“It’s Jeremy
They actually end up having a fairly lovely meal, and Sherlock even behaves himself for the most part. He participates in the better topics of conversation, like John’s old medical journals, John and Sherlock’s past most riveting cases (and the newest NSY gossip), but doesn’t complain as much as he usually would when it turns more towards small talk; like the weather and what they had read in that morning’s newspaper or watched on the news.
Oh, for God's sake, John, just
“Sherlock?” he tries again quietly, putting a hand on his bony shoulder. “You okay?”
John chews his food, swallows with a little difficulty before answering. “Had sex?” he asks, purposefully ignorant. “Yes, Sherlock, you know I have—”
“Shut up,” he says.
Looking almost awe-struck, Sherlock sits up and is now kneeling on top of the covers, leaning back on his shins and taking in a deep breath. He rests his unclenched hands on his thighs, most likely having already deduced what had just happened. John thinks he is ethereally beautiful in this moment—he's always thought Sherlock was unconventionally attractive, but sometimes there were moments like this where his best features stood out in such a way that made him look almost supernaturally stunning. He can’t tear his eyes away from the sight of him kneeling there with the moonlight coming in through the window accentuating the cut of his cheekbones and making his eyes reflect lumminesently back at him.
It startles him when a large hand captures his midway, and pries the blanket carefully from his vice-like grip. When he looks up, Sherlock’s eyes are wide and almost frantic, and focused completely on John. His eyebrows pull down at a sharp angle on his forehead, and suddenly he seems much closer as he breathes, “Do you not remember what I told you earlier? Don’t do me the disservice of trying to hide yourself from me, John; you know... it doesn’t... work.” His voice shakes just slightly, as if raising his voice any louder than a whisper might cause it to falter.
John bites his lip, suddenly irrationally nervous. Last night they had sex, and now he’s anxious about a few little words? He takes a breath and continues on, though, knowing another opportunity to say this may not come along for a very long time if he doesn’t snatch this one up while he can.
Tonight, for example, she stands next to one of a few squad cars as she waits for Lestrade and the other two to return. Currently, all three idiots are running the back alleys next to the Thames, chasing a notorious art thief who had stolen and sold an antique coin cabinet full of equally antique shillings from the British Museum. (The Freak had been the one to make the correlation between his past offenses and this new one, of course. Bloody figures.) Glancing anxiously at the time on her mobile, Sally thinks back on how she’d ended up in this position, once again. Half an hour ago, Lestrade had received a frenzied phone call from Dr. Watson; he’d panted into the receiver that he and Sherlock were on him, given their location, told him to get his arse in a squad car, and promptly hung up. Sally had practically begged Lestrade to wait for the team they had on standby to arrive but, as always, he didn’t listen to her, and instead took off running to join the wild-goose chase. The other two officers who had arrived with them had made the smart choice, and opted to wait in their cars for the team to arrive.
Mycroft brushes snow flurries off the shoulder of his waistcoat and cocks his head to the side, listening closely. The song is slow and sweet, but he racks his mental inventory and finds the melody completely unfamiliar as he flicks through all the classics. Not Bach, or Vivaldi, or any of the other numerous artists he has filed away in his library. He’s aware that Sherlock composes occasionally, though he has never had the personal experience of, or much interest in, listening to such a creation. Even so, the music coming from the flat upstairs seems entirely too sweepingly romantic for his callous little brother to have put together himself.
When John wakes in the morning, his face is stuck to his pillow, and from the uncomfortable stillness of his muscles he knows he must have spent several hours sleeping in the same position, unmoving. He stretches carefully, trying to coax his body into movement, and promptly remembers the night before with cheek-reddening clarity; hoping frantically that it hadn’t just been the most realistic dream of his sad, sad life. His eyes fall on the wet, tattered old flannel still laying on his nightstand, and he sighs his relief. The last thing he vaguely remembers is the sensation of it against his stomach, wiping up their mess. He hopes he hadn’t made too much a fool of himself in his post-sex delirium.
, God, like I was
He comes to a loss for words and clamps his mouth shut, and Sherlock’s eyes focus in on him immediately, dangerously sharp. Mycroft—who has shamelessly insinuated hidden bugs and cameras into his brother’s personal space for years now—feels suddenly like he is being horribly intrusive.
John takes a breath, and his posture relaxes. He shakes his head exasperatedly, but it’s obvious he has put the Captain away, his service no longer required for this particular conversation. Mycroft swears that past the residual anger, he can see the reluctant beginnings of a smile on the doctor’s face. “It’s like having mental patients for children with you two twats, I swear. Mycroft, just sit already for God’s sake.”
,” he smooths his thumbs pointedly over his hotly flushed cheeks, and Sherlock’s stiffness begins to ebb.
. All I meant is; I know you want to be stretched out in your own bed instead of being crammed into this sorry excuse for one right now. So why would you sacrifice that just so that I don’t get nightmares?” John gives his profile a knowing look, though he doesn’t look back at him.
steadily off the ambulance’s bumper and trickles down to the pavement.
When John finally comes to his senses, actually realizes Sherlock is fine, (of course he is, he never isn't) Sherlock pulls slightly away and holds John by the shoulders, an astoundingly genuine expression of concern and bewilderment on his face as he examines him. He rubs John's cheek soothingly with a broad thumb, and John thinks it's probably dickish of him to be so surprised that the great Sherlock Holmes can be—this; caring, and warm, and gentle. His eyebrows furrow the same way as when he’s on a case and knows he’s missing a vital piece of information.
With the first insistent pull of Sherlock’s long arm around his waist, he feels inclined to let his shaking muscles go limp and collapse into a puddle of pure need on his sheets.
A heavy sigh. “Redundant.”
“Oi!” John calls indignantly in the direction of Sherlock’s room, elbow deep in soapy dish water. “Get your arse back out here and help me with these dishes, you wanker! Oh, and Lestrade, next time I see you, you had better have a case for him. A damn good one, too.”
“We’ll be seeing you,
“Sorry?”
“Thanks for having me, boys,” he calls, and grabs his coat from the hook next to the door. When he looks back to the sink, Sherlock has scurried off somewhere, water from the dishes dripping on the tile floor in his wake. Greg grins. He knew it was too good to be true, Sherlock Holmes doing the dishes.
Lestrade hums vaguely in agreement and diverts his attention back to the road. Sally’s mouth doesn’t consult her before it opens, and says, “I have tea still hot in my thermos. Would that help warm him up?”
rings in John’s head hollowly as he watches him.
John thinks Sherlock is being an
John thinks.
“Why’s he all wet, then?” she asks, nudging her chin in John’s direction. Lestrade chuckles, shaking his head. “Madman went in after ‘im. Didn’t even ‘ave to  think about it, just dove right on in and pulled ‘im out.”
have a wank; it’s actually turning out to be thoroughly awful, and he thinks he wouldn’t wish this kind of acute sexual frustration on almost anybody—it’s practically the newest form of torture. John is logically sure that that isn’t true, but it bloody well feels like it from where he’s at.
“I know.”
“Not. What. I. Meant,” he enunciates slowly, falsely calm as he steeples his hands under his chin.
Then Greg licks his lips. Sniffs the air. “Spag bol, eh?”
John sighs, smirks just slightly as he looks at the floor. “You really didn’t know before?”
Ah, Hudders. Everyone loves a good Hudders POV. Hope you enjoy, and once again, thanks for the love!
“Sherlock? Can you hear me?” John calls, simultaneously feeling along Sherlock’s scalp, probing with his fingers. Sherlock makes some kind of vague noise in response, but Sally can’t decipher it into words. John swears softly, and one of his hands emerges from Sherlock’s head covered in blood. It had been unnoticeable before, mainly due to the dark color of the man’s hair.
“You were screaming,” Sherlock murmurs, still stubbornly facing away from him. And instantly John remembers; the nightmares come back to him in a flash. Tonight, they had ranged colorfully from Afghanistan to Moriarty. From his men bleeding out beneath his hands to frail old ladies forced to speak their killer's twisted words for him. Bombs strapped to every part of him, and Sherlock staring at him like he didn't know who he was as John stepped out of the shadows, that sickly sweet voice giggling threats into John's earpiece.
“Oh, you have
Mycroft tilts his head in a nod of grudging agreement with the doctor’s fawning proclamation. He habitually avoids using terms which are full of such effusive sentimentality, but even he can hardly find another word to describe the euphonious composition his brother had just performed.
“I know. I know now, I do. It’s okay. I just- I just want ya to know how it felt,” John discloses.
For me," he choked out."
“Oi!” John faces Sherlock, snatches his wrist and rises. “Just for that, breaks over.” He yanks Sherlock up on his feet, barely giving Sherlock time to grab the brown bag he’d been carrying.
John walks into the room and sits down in his chair, not making eye contact.
“John?”
It is the middle of the night. Logically, John knows that nothing adventurous is likely to happen. Everyone most likely went to bed. However, John’s hands, steady and taught, don’t seem to acknowledge this. The strong, swift contractions in his chest are oblivious as well.
They think about the future. They think about the past. They think about what was, what could have been, and what will never be. They think about their regrets and their sorrows. They let their minds wander freely without judgement or anger, thoughts streaming down multiple paths, slowly trickling away. They fall asleep.
“Mmmmm. Gimme five minutes.” John burps. “Actually, make that thirty.”
“Were there any signs of a struggle?”
“It’s not okay.”
“Okay, John.”
“She’s precisely the reason I said ‘no’.”
“John,” Sherlock sighs directly into his ear, and John freezes, wondering if Sherlock's woken up. Wondering if he's going to feel John's full-blown erection pushing against him and pack his bags before John has time to come up with an excuse. Not that there really is one to explain away this particular situation, he admits to himself.
“Greg!” John exclaims, looking surprised. It only takes a second for his face to split into a welcoming smile, which he reciprocates to the best of his abilities. “Well, come on in, don’t just stand there like a dunce.”
“I don't
other than the frenetic detective currently using him as a body pillow—John begs his body to stop its immature and randy behavior without requiring the necessity of a cold shower. He takes steady, carefully timed breaths, hands fisted at his sides in concentration, biting down so hard on his lip that it nearly bleeds. After a few minutes, he convinces himself that it's working. Yes, he thinks it might be. That is, until:
A dubious silence. Then, “John?”
It's silent for so long, John doesn't think Sherlock will answer. He might have thought he’d passed out on the bad end of an adrenaline crash, if it weren’t for the tangible tension pulsating from him like the constant barrage of  heat waves in the Registan Desert.
Sherlock clicks the latches on the violin case closed with a snap, and turns to lean his back against the desk with artificial nonchalance. He picks up his tea and fiddles with the string hanging down the side of the cup.
It’s silent for a long time, or at least it feels like it, and then Sherlock says, “This wasn’t just the biochemical reaction of two living organisms introduced to external stimuli. No, of course it wasn’t, how could I be so
?” he spits the last word, and leans against the doorjamb in a deliberate fashion as to block his way through.
, but I’ve got this,” he says, but with the tone of his voice he may as well have told him to fuck off. The pair of paramedics glance at each other, not seeming to have a plan of action for this, and the one holding Sherlock’s shoulders steady shrugs. The one that had been trying to examine Sherlock steps a respectful distance back, letting the doctor work.
Then looking down the length of his own body, he gasps, “
She still has a great,
Mycroft truly didn’t mind, was never jealous of the obvious favoritism. He was the oldest and most mature anyway; he was well above feeling envious of his little brother. It had never mattered to him much one way or the other; playing the piano wasn’t difficult for him, and he was fairly good at it, but it wasn’t particularly something he found any kind of joy or meaning in, either. It was a neutral task for him, like tying up the garbage or putting on his shoes; whereas Sherlock, contrarily, seemed to find immense gratification in playing, holding his talent close to his chest like a personal talisman. As the years went by and their family still persisted in asking Sherlock to play but to no avail, Mycroft began to wonder if it was just the thrill of the chase now more than anything else. “Oh, come now, love. Just one song?” Mycroft remembers Mummy simpering on multiple occasions.
As a surly teenager, Sherlock still did not resign to their efforts, and instead began with a new approach, resorting to vindictively scraping his bow across the strings with purposefully earsplitting discordance when faced again with their unrelenting requests for
, she thinks (with less conviction), she might say the whole thing was rather heartwarming.
and probably pushed him back into the water.
into John’s bed on all fours and swaddles himself up in the blankets, like a bloody gerbil starved for warmth.
Sherlock is still silent, eyes narrowed on him, posture impossibly still. John doesn’t think he’s blinked more than once since he walked in. John sighs as he wipes his mouth with a napkin, staring back. “Seriously, Sherlock—you don’t have to feel bad you didn’t catch it. When I met you, it’d been a decade since I’d even looked twice at another man. You couldn’t have known.”
He must stay gazing at it a moment too long, because Sherlock’s fingers reach down to tug impatiently in his hair. “John, get on with it,” he whines,  panting with the anticipation. “
Sherlock doing? John knows, of course he remembers, what happened that night they had just come back from the pool—but that night had been
Mycroft lets his mask slide into place, and gives his brother a typically unctuous smirk. “Ah, hello, brother mine. How courteous of you to answer the door,” he drawls. “May I come in?”
is evident in his countenance, even if he doesn’t say it. “A world without you in it would be a miserable place for me, John.”
John quickly clears off a section of the cluttered sofa for him, and Greg falls onto the worn cushions gratefully. He blinks when Sherlock is immediately standing over him, hands on his hips. His sleeves are uncharacteristically rolled up to his elbows for the purpose of working in the kitchen. “Well?” he exclaims irritably, a hand detaching from his hip to flail in the air next to him. “Do you have a case for me, or are you just here to waste my valuable time?”
It takes John a moment to respond. “Yeah. Yeah, he um...he hit his head on the way down, got himself a mild concussion. Little touch of hypothermia as well.” At the words, he goes back to rubbing at Sherlock’s arms, but with a lighter touch so as not to wake him. Sally thinks a bomb couldn’t wake the man right now. He looks border-line comatose. A thought occurs to her, and she turns in her seat to look at them.
The hand on John’s cheek abruptly freezes, but John doesn’t notice much of anything at all as he finally lets himself sink into the insistent darkness of a deep, sated sleep.
guest.
John wonders if maybe Sherlock doesn't need it too—the presence of another person beside him, the reassurance. There is a moment of unsure silence. He isn't used to hesitancy when it comes to Sherlock.
Sherlock looks up to him in indignant disbelief, but Dr. Watson merely blinks at him in silence. Sherlock sighs, face scrunched up as if he’d bitten into a lemon rind. “Mycroft, I’m sorry I called you a fat arse and compared you to a flea-ridden beast.” Mycroft balks at him. He isn’t actually sure Sherlock has ever apologized to him except for at the behest of their mother, and even then, never so quickly. He looks to John with an unusually red face, seeming flustered. “Happy now?”
Sherlock continues to stare blankly out the window with his eyes narrowed, and Dr. Watson steps closer with concern. He looks like a cat who’s spotted a bug trapped in the window pane. “Sherlock?” He snaps his fingers close to his flatmate’s face, and sighs exasperatedly. “Right. Are you even in there or have you leapt off to your mind palace again in the middle of a bloody conversation?”
Sherlock lowers himself into his chair without a word, soft leather sighing beneath his weight, and once again the world no longer seems to exist to him, as John watches his eyes focus on some random point across the room and stay there. He's sequestered himself away in his mind palace, and John knows from extensive personal experience that his flatmate will be catatonically unresponsive for hours to come, if not for much longer. Because, as John has learned from some careful deduction of his own (take that, you wanker), this is Sherlock's preferred form of escape, second only to the drug-induced obliviousness of his past. This is the way that he handles the situations, rare in occurrence, that are too much for even his superior mind to process with that same unique, lightning-quick clarity to which he’s accustomed.
“Was it...him?” Sherlock asks after a time, tone cautious. He doesn't even dare to say
With the first gasp of Sherlock’s breath against his mouth, John feels thrilled all the way down to his bones.
Sally is tempted to say something like,
Just the words make John’s skin burst with a newfound heat. John eases the fabric down his hips, and Sherlock’s cock bounces against his stomach as he frees it. It’s rock hard and leaking from the head, a flushed dusky pink color; it is perfectly long and slender, just like the rest of him.
“You really think so,” he says, and though it seems like it should be a question, he says it with a kind of mystified certainty. The pompous inflection which usually accompanies his voice when speaking of himself is absent. His whole countenance is changed, and instead of seeing his insolent, boisterous,
Sherlock was withholding evidence for a case. He would definitely do it more often, just to mess with the bastard, but his team (Sally) had outright refused to come back last time after finding a decapitated fish’s head wrapped in aluminum foil and hidden in a shoe box under Sherlock’s bed, with a meat thermometer sticking out of its eye socket. The mad detective had yelled up a storm as his “experiment” was tossed into the garbage by a very pale, suddenly very quiet Sergeant Donovan. She had spun away down the staircase with a hand held haltingly over her mouth (and looking distinctly green) as Sherlock indignantly filched it out of the bin and shouted insults after her.
right in this moment, yes...but he also thinks he is probably the best person he’s ever had in his life; and Sherlock being an absolute wanker is by far preferable to John having to replay the image of him lying vacant and dead on a loop behind his eyelids as he tries to get back to sleep.
“Hm. Yeah—yeah, he was part of it. Not the only part though. There was Afghanistan, too.”
, he thinks, and leans forward to take Sherlock into his mouth all at once. God, John hasn’t done this since his university days, but he still thinks Sherlock must taste better than all of them. The way he remembers it, the others had always tasted sourly of sweat, with an eye-squinting bitter undertone, no matter if they’d just scrubbed themselves clean in the shower or not. Sherlock, contrastingly, tastes naturally fresh and unsullied, and the saltiness of his skin is actually rather pleasant.
The sheets which he had previously been covered with are ripped away, and John is now painfully aware that he is wearing only a faded army t-shirt and his pants—the ones with the hole on the right arse cheek, no less. He manages to tug a few inches of blanket back for himself, and blinks dumbly at the back of his flatmate’s head, his mop of dark curls standing out contrastingly against the drably colored bed sheets. “Sherlock,” he calls, more alert than he had been a moment ago. No response, not even a grunt or a sigh.
“Oh, Jesus
Fortunately for the sake of the entire family’s entertainment, Mummy had made it an immediate rule for both of them to learn at least one musical instrument and one foreign language in their primary years, while their neuroplasticity was still spongy and elastic. So while the family wasn't as enthralled with Mycroft's piano playing as they were with Sherlock's violin, Mycroft would end up obliging them anyway by tapping out a mechanically perfect rendition of some church hymn or another just to hush them up. And even though Sherlock seldom acquiesced to their requests, not once did they fail,
Mere moments after he has noticed his slip up, though, the computer chimes happily with an alert, and a blurb appears on the screen. He squints to read it.
“What the hell are you doing?” He isn't annoyed or angry when he says it—he thinks his voice is actually rather intimately quiet in the darkened bedroom.
Greg Lestrade pulls his coat collar up against the rain, stood half-sheltered under the awning of 221 Baker Street. Holding the stack of pilfered case files safely under his coat, he reaches out to bang the door-knocker again, but before he can, the door swings open and Mrs. Hudson is ushering him inside with a flurry of frenzied admonishments for failing to remember his umbrella. Out of nowhere, she produces a kitchen towel, and uses it to pat dry his dripping hair, muttering about the inevitability of Greg catching cold.
“What about you, then?” Lestrade asks, glancing away from the road momentarily to look in the rear view with concern. “Hypothermia and all that? You were in the water, too,” he informs, as if the doctor isn’t dripping wet enough to tell that for himself.
“Welp,” he sighs. “We was chasin’ Caffrey, and things were lookin’ real good for us right about then. But the rat bastard ‘bout-faced and pushed Sherlock in the wa’er. John thinks he ‘as a concussion.” His Londoner accent is becoming much more pronounced, his words and grammar beginning to slip; he’s getting tired. She knows he hasn’t been getting near enough sleep lately. Part of her is inclined to say the freak deserved it, but looking at him now, she can’t bring herself to say the words. Sherlock looks nothing like his usual self, dazed and dangerously pale and shivering violently against his flatmate.
Sherlock had discovered the definition of the word “sociopath” at age ten while hiding out in the library from the other children, latched onto it like the desperate mask which it was, and had never gone back. And he does a convincing enough job of proving it to everyone but Mycroft; but he has always seen through him, and always will be able to.
So, when Mycroft enters the foyer of 221 just a mere few seconds later on that Sunday afternoon, he pauses at the bottom of the stairs at the startling sound of soft music, and for a moment irrationally wonders if the average violinist from the corner had followed him inside. But no, he thinks. It may be sentimental of him to recognize, but Sherlock’s playing had always been unmistakable as his own, and the sound of it resonates undoubtedly from the upstairs flat now.
John can tell what he's asking just by the intonation of his voice. He sighs.
to be joking,”
bowl.” John grins.
He hears the bedroom door creak slowly open and he jerks upright, mind surging back into reality immediately. Built-in army trained awareness kicks in and has him reaching blindly for a machine gun that is no longer there. He recognizes the disheveled, lanky silhouette hovering in the doorway and lets out a relieved breath, eyes fixed on him, and urges his heart rate to slow. He must have heard John in the throes of a nightmare and come up to check on him, he realizes distantly.
?” he snaps, but otherwise doesn’t budge.
, you become irritated. ‘Not gay’, ‘he’s not my boyfriend’. You get
Experiment or whatever it was, Greg does remember that it had smelled absolutely bloody awful.
he tells himself.
Then all of a sudden, his eyes widen and he makes a sound like choking on air. After another momentary pause, he clears his throat and explodes into motion, nearly sprinting to his music stand to straighten an already tidy stack of sheet music. “Um, th-thank you, John, that was um. A very nice thing for you to say even though it clearly isn't finished yet but I suppose if you'd like I could play it for you when it is. Well, that is of course if you even care to hear it.” Sherlock shrugs jumpily as he fiddles with the latches on the window. He is acting like a complete maniac, thinks Mycroft.
There’s a beat of silence.
The next week, they work a particularly thrilling case involving a midnight chase through a corn maze and extremely convincingly fabricated UFOs. John had agreed with Sherlock that they keep their new relationship status on the downlow for the time being to give them a period of adjustment, and enough time to heedlessly enjoy it for awhile before the press got involved. Though Sherlock insisted that the lot over at Scotland Yard had an ongoing pool on when exactly they would give in and get together, and he was loathe to let Anderson win this month. How he knew was beyond John, but he didn’t doubt that he was more than likely spot on with it.
he’ll give you a case worth your while. It might even rank higher than an eight,” he cajoles as a last effort, voice almost playfully condescending.
“Oh, Johnny boy,”
Sherlock slowly lifts his head from his shoulder, hair mussed from sleep, and opens his eyes to stare at him inquisitively, probably wondering why John looks as if he's having an actual heart attack beneath him. He looks more adorably confused than John has ever seen him, eyebrows wrinkled and a slight frown marring his face.
“It really was just a dream, Sherlock. M'fine.” He massages two fingers over the bridge of his nose and doesn’t look Sherlock in the eyes. God, he feels pathetic. He can't believe he had just run into his flatmate's arms, bawling about a bad dream like a child. His face is so hot he thinks it might just melt right off. Even so, what's left of his injured masculine pride is the only thing that stops him from pulling Sherlock back into his arms and holding on for dear life. That and the fact that he might possibly never let go. Despite what everyone may think, John knows himself well; makes it a point to keep just the necessary amount of emotional and physical distance between himself and Sherlock, and for a damn good reason. John knows with certainty what it is that he wants. He just knows that he can’t have it.
He stomps lightly in place to poorly create the illusion of his natural footsteps, and knocks on the door with the tip of his umbrella. Sherlock’s footsteps boom across the flat, and the door swings fully open to reveal him, Dr. Watson still standing confused on the other side of the room.
, you twit. And you love it, don’t pretend you don’t.”
you like this.”
There is a long silence wherein Sherlock stands frozen, like a glitching automaton.
“But—”
They are both stock still for a moment, just staring at each other across what suddenly seems like far too much empty space between them. Sherlock’s breathing is just as labored as his, and there’s something almost desperate in his eyes, the faded blue t-shirt he wears hitching with every breath. John isn’t sure how much time stretches on before it happens, or who starts it; but suddenly they’re locked together, lips sloppily slotting against each other in a heated kiss.
Ah, so therein lies the problem. Not that Sherlock hadn’t deduced it on his own—though that was probably still part of it. John sighs. “Sherlock, I don’t know what your family is like—other than Mycroft, so, yikes. But mine never would have accepted me had I ever made it known that I was bi. I mean, God, Harry got caught kissing another girl once and Dad sent her to conversion camp for the next five summers and Mum spent the rest of her life hiding in the closet with a bottle in her hand.” He shakes his head, remembering the screaming and crying, doors slamming as Harry packed her bags for the last time and never came back, their father shouting after her that homos weren’t welcome in his house, anyway. The whole thing had left a brand on his memory which he’d really rather just forget.
felt far too realistic, and despite anything else, he’s just content that Sherlock is lying next to him now, solid and breathing steadily. Whether anything more could ever come of it doesn’t matter in the end; Sherlock is his best friend, and that won’t ever change.
She does as told, hurrying over to the ambulance parked off to the side and transferring the meager information to the two young paramedics inside. They nod and get to work, pulling out shock blankets and double checking their supplies. Sally waits restlessly, resisting the urge of her long-buried habit to bite at her fingernails.
And just like that, Sherlock explodes with a round of raucous giggling. John doesn’t even pretend to resist, and soon they’re gripping each other and shaking with shared laughter. John can’t help but think it’s exponentially better, to laugh with Sherlock in his arms rather than leaned separately up against the wall of an alleyway. At least here so close to him, he can feel the bright laughter rippling out of Sherlock’s mouth to course right through John’s chest, as if that was where it had belonged all along.
“Love you, Sh’lock,” John reiterates louder, voice a heavy slur.
“Idiot.”
“God, Sherlock—sorry.” John pulls away, putting space between them. He tugs his shirt up to wipe with red hot embarrassment at his still damp face.
“Sherlock. God, can I—”
This time the eye roll is a little more realistic. “Of course, you idiot. Similar to you, I knew very soon after we met that I would be lost without you. My blogger.” His voice softens favorably on the last word, and then John is being kissed again, but it is somehow sweeter this time than all of the others. A chaste brush of lips. He’d never figured Sherlock would be so inclined towards physical affection, but John is only happier to find that he is.
“Ooh, yes,
Apparently, he’s become so used to blocking out his traumas that his brain has started doing it automatically for him. Ella would have had a field day with that one.
That morning, over tea and toast and watching Sherlock fiddle with his laptop, (“Don't be silly, John, of course I've figured out your new password”) John realizes with a contemplative pause as he’s reading the newspaper, that he's more well-rested than he has been in years.
“Goodnight, John,” the ghosting pressure of lips on his temple makes him smile. John feels the fingers of Sherlock’s other hand lightly, absently caressing his cheek. John mumbles something sleepily into his shoulder.
Dr. Watson groans and holds the bridge of his nose between thumb and forefinger, as if he has developed a sudden headache. “We’ll call as soon as we have something. Thanks, Mycroft,” he calls, and Mycroft waves over his shoulder. He passes the threshold and leaves the door cracked as it had been before. His phone vibrates in his pocket, and when he looks at the screen, sees there is a brand new text message from Jameson.
“No, Sherlock. Sorry—I was just,” he sighs, clenches his eyes shut and focuses on making a coherent sentence come out of his mouth. “I was just...looking at you. I l—” he catches himself, amends what he almost let slip. “I
The other paramedic approaches from the front with a penlight, but John easily blocks the poor bloke’s path and snatches the light out of his hand. “Dr. Watson,” he swiftly introduces. “And
?” He blinks at John rapidly, as if he’s some brand new conundrum. “You
He narrows those piercing eyes on him. “What we did last night. You’ve done that before.” His tone is on the edge of accusatory, and John knows why, obviously.
“Please, God,” Sherlock intones monotonously, quoting him. John breathes heavily, in and out, in and out, loud in the silent night. Sherlock has never confronted him about the nightmares before; though John always knows that on those bad nights there will inevitably come the melodic strains of what he thinks is Moonlight Sonata, being expertly coaxed from the violin to ease him through his residual terror.
“Hmm?” Sherlock responds, half-asleep now himself.
“What?” Dr. Watson’s head reels back on his shoulders and he steps back with a puzzled frown.
Sherlock sits in his customary spot at the kitchen table, hands clasped demurely over each other on the tabletop. He is gazing contemplatively into the distance, but when John walks in his focus shifts to meet his eyes unreadably. John recognizes the posture as one of Sherlock’s more troubling thinking poses. “Morning,” John greets, unsure.
felt like coming home. It stills does, in some twisted way, being here.
Mary laughs.
Thanks so much to anyone taking time out of their day to read this <3
If anyone at any point wants to talk to me about this fic, the show, the characters, whatever- let me know!
He thought Sherlock would be annoyed by having a baby around, but clearly the man cared about her, was fascinated by her, even. John knew he would be a good godfather, in his own way.
He steps closer to Sherlock.
He smirks. “I know you’re faking it, you know,” he states as he steps into the room.
“Right,” Sherlock notes, brow furrowed.
"I was thinking Angelo's."
John’s focus reorients to Sherlock. “You’re going to tell me. Right now. Over a nice dinner. And yes you do have to eat it and no I don’t care that you don’t like steak.”
"And what exactly do you mean by that?" John quipped.
“Good. Right. Yeah, good.”
“I think we might just need to… talk about things more.”
“How can I ever be happy
John inhaled deeply.
"I don't know much about people, John, but I do know that most people would stop being friends with someone after all...that," Sherlock retorted.
“Yes?”
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s been… difficult, lately. Being a single dad, working at the clinic, having to get people to watch Rosie all the time, and I was thinking… hoping... that since you seem to think she’s so interesting and the two of us are here so often already, you would see your way to… you would allow us to…” John spluttered.
"You talked to Bill Murray, didn't you."
John’s hands clench around Sherlock’s sides and Sherlock’s hands instinctively cover them.
"No, I don't."
"I love you," John states. "I realized I never said it that day, and saying it over the phone didn't seem right, so I'm saying it now. I love you, Sherlock Holmes. I have for years. You are the greatest man I have ever met and it is a pleasure for me to be by your side in any capacity. It is a thrill to be by your side in the way that I am here today. I love you."
“Yes.”
He turns his body, shoulders squared, slowly turns the handle and opens the door.
“No!” John blurts. “I mean, yeah, I would like to know quite a lot of things but I know some things can be difficult. I don’t want to force you to, you know.”
“But of course there are some things I would like to know. Some things that I am basically very pissed at you for. And honestly, Sherlock, some things I might never be able to forgive.”
You are the bravest, wisest, most human human-being I have ever known. I never was and never will be worthy of your friendship. You are brilliant. You inspire me to be my best. You taught me to be kind. You showed my how wonderful it is to have a friend. You brought me out of my isolation. You humble me. You made me believe that I am extraordinary rather than abnormal, brilliant rather than a freak. You’ve given me the confidence to grow, tear down my walls (as much as they will allow) and become human again. I haven’t felt this human, this alive, in so long and it is because of you, John Watson, that I am able to do so again. You have saved me so many times in so many ways. Living with you was the best time of my life. It was an honour to be your flatmate. To be your friend.
“No, you are looking at
“She lied to you,” Sherlock concluded.
"Would complete you as a human being," John declared.
. I didn’t care. I didn’t even feel bad. It didn’t worked anyways, I still felt unfulfilled, and I think I knew that at the time, too that it wouldn’t. I must have known. There is only one person who could fix it, fix
“Okay.”
“Yes.”
"Yours," Sherlock blurted. He began quickly covering himself back up and re-buttoning his shirt.
They make eye contact and John smirks at him. “Bastard,” he breathes.
“John, please. This isn’t your fault. We’re both morons.”
"Why are you here? Why are you watching over me? Why do you care about my drug use? Why did you save me?" Sherlock demanded.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, it isn’t.”
John chuckles. “Yeah, I was, wasn’t I?”
“I had that. When I met her.”
“She certainly seems interested in The Work,” Sherlock states.
“Now we just relax. Enjoy being here. Together. Soon I’ll get tired and leave to go to bed. You’ll fall asleep too. And tomorrow will come.”
"They'd shoot me," John registered.
“John I- come in,” Sherlock steps aside holding the door open his eyes like the sun reflecting off ocean waves, endless colors and feelings all flickering rhythmically.
for my happiness, which lead to you almost bloody dying
“Okay. So they went with him willingly. They knew him. Were there any connections between the victims? Any places they all frequented? Any habits in common?”
"Yes, you git. And you…?" John's eyebrow quirked up, a shy smile on his face.
"But...why? Why do all this just to come back to Baker Street with...me? I'm sure there are plenty of other cases elsewhere," John challenged.
“John, the excitement made you happy, not me. I made you miserable. I am rude and callous and despicable. Even setting the larger infractions aside, I drove you to near insanity on a day-to-day basis. It would be better for you to find a new hobby to fulfill your adrenaline kick, or maybe a career change. It’s never too late, you know. You could always be an EMT. It doesn’t pay as well but it would suit you. Or maybe pick up an interest in skydiving, who knows.”
“You were in Afghanistan for three years,” Sherlock remarks.
“I tried so hard to ignore this fact. I tried everything else. I denied and denied that that is what I wanted because I thought it was impossible. I thought you had no interest in romantic relationships. I didn’t want to press or pry. And on top of that you’re a man and it- it’s difficult for me, that. Not because I’m not gay, but because of what other people think. With Harry I saw how cruel people can be… my own family. I was supposed to be the normal one and look how I turned out,” he scoffs.
“Of course it is! Of course it’s my bloody fault! It always is. I make my own decisions, Sherlock. You did not make me cheat on Mary. You did not make me stay with her. I
“Mmm,” Sherlock assents.
“After? You’ll go back home. To Baker Street of course. I’ll visit you all the time. We’ll start taking cases again. Mrs. Hudson will be floored,” he chuckles. Then his face drops. “God, she doesn’t know, does she?”
“I’ll tell her that. I’m sure she’ll really appreciate it,” John jokes.
They look at each other and smile goofily.
“I met you and you showed me what it is like to live again. You did. Not the cases, although they did help, but it was
“I’m glad you’re back.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes.
“Don’t be ridiculous, John. It’s only three hundred and thirty-four steps,” Sherlock smirks.
“Where are we going?” John asks.
“Sherlock, you still aren’t looking at all the facts. I had adrenaline and adventure with Mary and I was unhappy. It isn’t the adrenaline that made me happy with you. And I was with you and I was happy, so your existence isn’t inherently making me miserable.”
“Because there’s always the two of us in the end, John. Just the two of us against the rest of the world.”
Sherlock chuckles. “You always find a way to romanticize these things,” he smiles fondly. “You can start the blog up again.”
Sherlock’s smile flattens and twists.
"And no matter what I do, I can't let you go."
“Yeah, you have a point.” Neither of them moves. “But I have a feeling you don’t want to be alone tonight.”
God, I'm in my 40s why am I so giddy about this? Embarrassing.
Sherlock’s head snaps to look at John.
“Yes, well I have something I’d like to say,” John replied.
Sherlock was simply sitting in his chair tea in one hand and mobile in the other, too distracted to notice John’s awkwardness. John sat in his own chair and watched the other man’s face as he scrolled through Twitter, scoffing at idiots’ comments. He felt a wave of fondness flowing through his chest. Maybe this was it, his opportunity to have The Talk. He needed to get it over with at some point anyways.
Sherlock. And yes, you are an insufferable flatmate but 221B was my home. Being with
“Hm.” Sherlock grumbles, sinking into the chair, pout beginning to form on his face.
But you wouldn’t tell me things. Important things. You kept me out and then you left me. Mary came into my life and she was clever and a bit of a smart-arse and who knows, maybe I picked up on the fact that she was an adrenaline junkie too. And she began to fill in the gaping hole you left and it was nice. And I loved her, I really, really did. But you came back. You came back and living with her and being with her when I knew I could be home instead was difficult, especially after mourning that home for two whole years. I yearned for it every day. Any time someone knocked on the door I thought it was you. Everywhere I looked I saw you.”
“Yeah thanks, I’d like to think so too. I’m glad I’ve met your standards”
“You want to move back in,” Sherlock, deduced. This was different from his usual deductions, however. He usually looks so confident, smug even, but now he looked surprised, anxious, confused.
“She’s experimenting, learning, teaching herself. She is discovering gravity, physics. She is uncovering the differences between dropping things and throwing things. How fast does it fall? What sound does it make? She is learning about angles and force and how they affect the trajectory the rattle travels. She is smarter than you give her credit for. She knows that the rattle will fall on the ground and she will be upset, but she also knows that her father will pick it up and give it back to her and she will be able to resume her experiments. The world is still so new to her and she has so much to discover. She’s grasping at it and taking it in, slowly uncovering the mysteries it holds,” Sherlock mused.
“Nope,” comes a flippant response.
Look at me I'm actually posting a new chapter for this fic lol I told you guys it would happen eventually ;)
John snorts.
"Because you're my best friend," John stated incredulously.
Sherlock smirks and grabs John’s arm at his wrist and elbow, forming a fulcrum as he pulls John’s hand and pushes his elbow.
“Not everyone knew who I was when all of that happened anyways. I was hardly a celebrity. Most of them knew what the hat looked like better than my visage to begin with. They hardly recognized me without it even at the height of all of this.”
“Due time, right. Yeah. I definitely don’t deserve an explanation now or anything, what with it already having been two whole years and all.”
Sherlock's fingers reached up to the buttons of his shirt, shaking and scrambling to undo them.
Sherlock called and played me a song he's been composing for me. Apparently, he's been doing that a lot lately. God, I love him. I do. I really do.
. Christ, my wife
The snipers were immediately rid of by Mycroft’s people when deemed safe, and I wanted to tell you then, to see you, to leave you a message or a hint that I was still alive, but I couldn’t risk it. Moriarty’s network is huge, vast, everywhere. Undoubtedly he left people to monitor you, checking to be sure you were acting as if you were truly in mourning. If I had told you the truth and your behavior suddenly shifted, you could have died. I could not risk it.
“I know. I’m sorry,” Sherlock replied honestly.
They stood there face to face. John resolutely looking up at Sherlock. A thin layer of vibrating molecules between them.
“Yes.”
"Shit. Yea. Okay," John sighed. "But what does this have to do with…" he motioned vaguely at Sherlock with his hand.
"So all of this was for me?" John marveled, meeting Sherlock's eyes with his own.
God, I'm horrible. My wife passed away and I'm already moving on and racing to be with someone else. Mary didn't deserve this. I don't deserve him.
"I don't know," he stated.
The sternness of Sherlock's voice snapped John out of his flustered state. "Ahem, right."
“I’ll talk to Mary but I’m sure she will be glad to have you for as long as you need,” He grabs gently as Sherlock’s ankle, reassuring him.
“Well, not quite. It didn’t happen all at once, but as I became more comfortable with you and myself and I as I fell more and more to the temptation of
with Culverton and I abandoned you and I…”
“You were happy before, though,” Sherlock points out, glancing above the rim of his cuppa.
John missed this. 221B. Sherlock. Smiling and cracking jokes with the taller man. But this was different. The way Sherlock talked about Rosie was… unexpected. Sentimental. At some point they must have stopped laughing because Sherlock was sitting there staring at him openly, quizzically.
John stared at him in shock. "I told you. You're my best friend."
“A discarded towel on a wooden chair. A small bookshelf. Pictures of you and… her. A fake echeveria in a ceramic pot.”
of the facts, not all of them. When we first met, you saved me, just like Mary did when you were gone. You turned my life around and gave me reasons to feel. You made me happy.”
“Yes,” John admitted. “I know it’s asking a lot from you, having a baby around all the time. You could always call a sitter or drop her off somewhere else if I’m not home and you don’t want to deal with her. We’d have to get this place a bit more baby-proofed and there wouldn’t be any more experiments in the house,” his eyes jotted downwards at that last comment.
“Hmm I wouldn’t say that just yet,” Sherlock teases.
“Welp, it looks like the only way to go is up,” John quips. His comment is not met with the expected snarky comment, however, but rather the sound of heavy breathing echoing through the staircase.
“She’s… nice,” Sherlock attempts.
a voice in his head barks sternly, but it lacks conviction. He tosses his hands up and lets them fall back to his side weakly. Tries his best to play it off so maybe Sherlock will leave him to lay awake the rest of the night and pity himself in peace. “Sherlock, it’s just...another nightmare. That's all it was. Not hiding anything, scouts honor.”
The full-bodied tension that had been sticking persistently to him like cobwebs for weeks melts away and seems to roll off his fingertips like water as he relaxes into the embrace, fingers finding purchase in Sherlock’s wondrously soft head of curls. John had always been somewhat of a player—had his first kiss in primary school and took off running from there—but in all candor, he’s never had a kiss that felt like this. Though to be fair to all those that came before this, none of them had been with Sherlock, which immediately knocked several points off the top. He lets himself sink into the kiss, hardly knowing what to do with his hands now that they’re suddenly allowed to roam over Sherlock as they please. He lets himself indulge in all of the new sensations flooding his system, succumbing to siren-like pull of Sherlock Holmes at full volume.
too much spag bol for just the two of us.”
Greg would think the detective was just taking the piss if not for the completely straight-faced manner in which he does it. Surely Sherlock
Maybe he shouldn’t take such great pleasure in shocking the all-knowing consulting detective speechless, but he really does.
“Ah.”
When they walk up the stairs to their flat, John hopes that the comfort of home might lift the weight from his shoulders. Instead, it feels almost as if more is being piled on. The whole world seems foreign and distorted, like he’s perceiving everything through funhouse mirrors. Mycroft has finally let them out of his office at nearly two-o'clock in the morning, and as he pauses to hang his coat on its hook, he can tell even Sherlock has been worn thin enough to crack. He walks with his head hanging a little lower than he usually does, his gait slower. He looks defeated and a little aimless, which is a frighteningly discomfiting thought. John catches that his hands are still shaking a bit, clasped together as they are beneath his sculpted chin, and the sudden onset of the dark bags under his eyes stands out starkly in the shadows. The word
seeing as Sherlock is still
John startles awake with a sort of undignified half-snore-half-yell, jolting at the sight of the wild haired consulting detective hovering over him, arms outstretched towards him and long fingers clutching firmly to his shoulders. The bedside lamp has been flicked on, and John squints against the assault of dim yellow light. There is an unmistakably troubled expression on Sherlock’s face, made even more panic-inducing by the sallowness cast by the lamp, which makes his face look gaunt and drained of color. He must have been trying to wake him for some time now. John’s heart stutters alarmingly in his chest as the memories of earlier that night begin to flood his mind; Moriarty, the pool, the explosion. He blinks owlishly, trying desperately to rouse himself from the vestiges of sleep. “Sh'lock? What's wrong?”
“Jameson,” he says to the driver, and the young man glances dutifully back at him through the mirror, as per usual. “You can expect me back in…” he glances at his watch, allows a sigh at the expectation that he will be chased out of the flat fairly quickly. “Oh, ten minutes, at the most. I shall call to inform you if I will be needing any longer.”
The next time it happens, a week later, John wakes up with a jagged gasp, tears staining his cheeks. He takes a shaky breath in, lets it out on a long, unsteady exhale. His heart pounds like a jackhammer in his chest. It had been one of those horrifying dreams that felt just real enough to leave him trembling when he startled himself awake, a part of him unconvinced that it was actually just a dream.
,” Sherlock can’t help but call after him. Greg’s face heats as he shuts their door behind himself a little firmer than necessary. He’d
“Oh, John,” Sherlock murmurs again, and a covert glance reveals that he's still deeply asleep; immersed in the REM cycle through and through, eyes moving rapidly beneath his lids. His eyebrows silently arch as he contemplates his sleeping flatmate, and John wonders with a certain level of keen eagerness now, what Sherlock regularly dreams about in the bedroom just below his. He’s never really wondered one way or another in the past about anyone’s dreams, hasn’t cared, but with the sound of his own name coming out of Sherlock’s mouth like
” Sherlock hisses venomously, and Mycroft feels the uncommon urge to run. Oh, Lord, the car must be back, he thinks frantically. It had been at least ten minutes since Jameson had dropped him at the curb and Mycroft had let himself be distracted by his brother’s touching little concert. He had wasted time being stupidly inquisitive over trivial matters and hadn’t even made it into the flat yet, let alone thought to let poor Jameson know he would be needing a few more minutes.
people! It must be awkward for you, having to sleep in a bed with someone else. A bloke, no less,” John scoffs.
Mycroft feels his ears go hot with instant rage, but before he can open his mouth Dr. Watson has already taken control of it, and his posture and demeanor morph into something else, in a way Mycroft has not yet seen. His spine goes ramrod straight, and the look of calm disbelief he shoots Sherlock not only makes Mycroft himself want to take a step back, but has Sherlock looking at the floor in a rare display of instant regret.
John smirks at the last word.
John is breathing a tad faster now, pupils dilating. Sherlock’s own typically light eyes look nearly black themselves as they flicker over his face trying to detect a reaction. He’s still holding John’s hand, and slowly, giving him plenty of time to pull away if he had wanted to, he brings his hand to rest lightly over the erection tenting his pajamas. He presses their linked hands harder against himself, encouraging him. “See?” he says softly, hardening under John’s touch. “It’s all fine.”
“Shh, hush now.” He lets his hand creep into Sherlock’s pajama bottoms, feels Sherlock hot and throbbing as he closes his hand around him and tugs experimentally upward. Sherlock lets loose a groan and grips John tightly by his hips, all protestations gone, as he sweeps his thumb expertly over the head and uses the warm wetness there to make the next glide of his hand over Sherlock’s skin slick and effortless. The sense of disbelief and giddy urgency had faded into a singular passionate intensity, and John is slow and precise in his movements now, watching Sherlock’s reactions with relished anticipation. Sherlock lets his head crane back against his neck, cheeks flushed a rosy hue and his remarkably full lips parting in pleasure.
“John’s chair.”
Please review to let me know what you think, it adds fuel to my writing fire. Constructive criticism is always welcome!
And he also knows Sherlock, knows that the kinds of
With that long expanse of pale neck exposed, John can’t find a reason to deny himself the taste of it. He leans forward and opens his mouth against Sherlock’s hot skin, nipping and sucking languidly at the pulse point. It nearly undoes him when he realizes he can feel Sherlock’s heartbeat hammering, faster than a hummingbird’s wings, under his tongue. His hand still grips Sherlock’s hardened length, stroking unhurriedly. He thinks the hollow of his throat must be one of his sensitive spots, because Sherlock shivers and lets out a soft moan when John’s mouth roams over it. “John…” His arms tighten further around John’s waist, like a warning. “Oh, that’s good.”
is currently pressed up against Sherlock's thigh, hard and insistent. He swears low under his breath, a sudden heat overcoming him of which he isn’t sure is due to embarrassment, arousal, or both. Probably both. He’s got to find a way out of this,
John rolls his eyes in a distinctly Sherlockian manner, which Lestrade notes with a raised eyebrow. “Don’t be daft, Greg, you’re always welcome. And anyway, we made
,” he whispers mostly to himself, nose pressed into the safety of Sherlock’s wrinkled burgundy dressing gown.
After a moment, Greg forces himself to stand from the sofa, preparing to excuse himself. The thought of going back to his flat seems less and less appealing as the seconds pass. Maybe he’ll just load up on coffee and go back to his office at NSY; after all, there are still two more stacks of unsolved cases to work through waiting for him on his desk. He opens his mouth to bid John a goodnight, but the doctor beats him to it, an eerily knowing look in his eyes. Seeing it reminds Lestrade that John is just as perceptive as Sherlock, but in the opposite way. Sherlock is a master at his craft like none he has ever seen, but John Watson could sniff out emotional turmoil three-hundred yards off with a pillowcase over his head, and that was a unique talent in and of itself.
“Do you want me to?” his baritone whispers, and though it's still just as unaffected and cool as it always is, there's something lacking, something tentative in his question.
“Yeah, but here's the problem—you're in
“Are they…?”
he thinks, this woman would probably mother hen over anybody that came to her door.
The exhaustion of his most recent nightmare suddenly bears down on him again, and he sighs. John settles down in the mattress, staring at Sherlock staring at the ceiling, one arm crooked behind his neck. The dream
“You didn't.”
just for me, all to help
Sherlock's face finally deigns to turn towards him, slowly. John shudders under the focus of his gaze. “I don't think we're any regular pair of “blokes”, do you?” he affects a goofy accent on the word and John snickers, unable to help himself. There's the hint of a smirk on Sherlock's face now, and John watches as he shakes his head and turns his face away, trying to hide the way his grin is expanding across his cheeks without his consent. John feels slightly victorious—
In truth, Lestrade never would have minded. It’s Sally who’s making the sacrifice. John cocks his head at her as if confused by the offer, but doesn’t refuse it. She uses the radio at her hip to inform Lestrade, and he pulls the patrol car conveniently right up next to the ambulance. The paramedics, probably feeling rather useless, hand over a pile of extra shock blankets, and Lestrade hops out of the driver’s seat to help her line the backseat with them so as not to ruin the upholstery. She looks over to see that John’s gotten Sherlock standing now, though the detective still looks completely gone. Her eyes wander to John’s hand, which is vigorously rubbing the other man’s lower back, suspiciously close to his bum. She arches her eyebrows at him, and John flushes, mouth gaping open indignantly. “Oh for Christ’s sake—it’s for a medical purpose! Grow up.”
“Alright, okay,” Greg groans. “
John’s hands pause their constant rubbing on Sherlock’s arms, and he blinks at her in astonishment. She can’t really blame him, because she’s just as stunned. They blink back and forth at each other for awhile before John speaks.
Probably assuming he isn’t being watched, the doctor pauses a moment in his ministrations. He cranes his neck slowly downward to look more closely at the other man’s face, and Sally sees a very soft smile begin to grace his lips. He lifts a hand and uses one finger to brush a soaked curl off Sherlock’s forehead. Her eyes widen as she watches them, nearly transfixed. Lestrade clears his throat and Sally rapidly averts her gaze from the mirror as John’s head snaps up in surprise. She catches Lestrade’s pointed gaze on her as she looks away, and they share a look which is silent but packed full of meaning. “He gonna be alright?” Lestrade asks, careful to keep his voice at a lower volume in regards to the sleeping detective. Sally shakes her head just a little, as if to clear it.
John whispers.
Greg laughs and makes his way towards the door, calling out a promise to tell the criminals of London to step up their game.
to “ join the team” so to speak, he would certainly hold no interest in “playing ball” with John even on his best day. John figures he may as well use up this misplaced metaphor for all its worth. He's stubbornly gazing at the floor, broodingly thinking of all the things he could’ve done differently to
“Come here,” Sherlock snarls, and grabs John harshly by the back of the neck with both hands, pulling him down for yet another blissfully wild kiss, teeth clacking together in their haste. They try to divest themselves of their clothes, but they both end up with their pants just hastily pushed midway down their thighs. Sherlock’s hand splays over the nightstand searchingly, and soon he is pouring a generous amount of lube into his palm, fervently coating his own cock and then reaching for John’s to do the same. John hisses as Sherlock holds them together with one large hand, thrusting up into it with force, veins in his neck straining as he throws his head back against the headboard with a primal groan of satisfaction. Their skin slides easily against each others’, without impediment, and all of John’s nerve endings are on fire with the unreplicable sensation of it. They set a steady pace together, and John knows that neither of them will last long.
“Goodnight, John,” Sherlock reaches out to flick the lamp off, and after only a few moments, John’s body seems to cave in on itself in exhaustion once again. Without trying to, he falls back to sleep easily with Sherlock's cozy warmth at his back. Despite everything, there are no more nightmares that evening.
he growls contemptibly, but there’s just the hint of desperation hidden in his tone.
“Oh, Sherlock,” he murmurs, and pulls his detective into an embrace, standing on his toes to reach him. Sherlock seems to melt into his arms with ease. “You’re not going to lose me. I’ll always be here. It’s the two of us, yeah?” He tightens his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders for emphasis, and Sherlock nods into his neck, somehow having folded his lanky self up to fit there perfectly. As Sherlock relaxes in his arms, John has to take a moment to marvel at how much of Sherlock there was that the world didn’t get to see. How much of himself he kept hidden, protected. John had loved him before, when he came off as an arrogant, apathetic, brilliant bastard—which he still did, and John still loves him for it—but now there is a whole other side of Sherlock for him to explore, for him to fall in love with.
When he finishes explaining the details of the case and holds the file out to Sherlock, he predictably doesn’t take it. Instead, he turns his head to the side with a scoff and crosses his arms over his chest. So, John Watson is almost immediately forgiven for veritably spanking him, but Mycroft will apparently have to wait as long as anybody else for Sherlock to even look at him.
“Do so!”
“Heat,” John requests—demands, really. Not willing to protest, both Sally and Greg wordlessly direct their vents back towards the pair. After a few moments of silence, Sally glances in the rear view mirror and tries to school her expression into indifference. John has his arms around Sherlock, and Sherlock’s head has lolled onto John’s chest, his mouth hanging open in sleep. John alternates, one hand still holding pressure on the gauze, the other trying to rub heat back into Sherlock’s arms and legs. His gaze is distinctly protective as it moves back and forth between the top of Sherlock’s head and outside the window.
A few minutes later, as John is taking the bread sticks out of the oven, Sherlock emerges from his bedroom and wordlessly clears off the dining table, carting microscopes and notebooks and other various things back into his room without comment. Neither of them exchange a word or even a look, but when Sherlock comes back into the kitchen, John hands him a cloth and a bottle of spray cleaner. Sherlock dutifully wipes down the table while John makes up their dishes, and soon they’re all sat in their respective seats and tucking in. Greg notices that John and Sherlock have sat directly next to each other, even though there is plenty more room to spread out at the sizable table. Greg has taken his seat on the other side of the table, directly across from them. The food is even more delicious than it smells, and he has to restrain himself from literally moaning at the taste of his first home-cooked meal in over six months. (Needless to say, he ends up having more than just the one bowl).
True to herself, she gets right to the point.
Nobody argues this time around and Mycroft takes a seat, opening up his file and starting in on the case he’d brought them. John chooses to lean against Sherlock’s chair instead of any other surface, which Mycroft notes with a bit of intrigue. Sherlock stays otherwise quiet, only rolling his eyes when Mycroft mentions the amount of legwork involved. Dr. Watson nudges him good-naturedly, and Mycroft is quite astounded at the level of comfort present between the two. Sherlock especially had never been so lax and adjustable with anyone; not with anyone Mycroft had ever met. Hell, he thinks, the last time mother chastised him, Sherlock had ignored her calls for seven months just out of spite. With John Watson, though, they were back to laughter and secret looks within minutes. Very, very intriguing, indeed.
“Sherlock?” John turns slowly and scratches at a spot on his eyebrow, watching bemusedly as he makes himself comfortable, fluffing his pillow and then blatantly stealing one of John's.
Sherlock only continues with the same staring bit, so John wordlessly goes back to his plate, knowing he’ll have to come off of it eventually even if it’s just to ask John to pull the phone out of his shirt pocket.
He’d actually had the bollocks to say it. John can scarcely believe it himself.
It reads. Well, isn’t that the loaded question of the decade, Mycroft thinks dryly.
He digs the heels of his palms into his clenched eyelids, embarrassed. “I'm sorry if I woke you.”
chair. Sherlock is blocking his view of the doctor, but Greg can only imagine the look on his face.
Of course Sherlock wouldn't have been sleeping. John is surprised he was able to himself, however restless it had been. He attributes it less to actual tiredness, and more to his own unavoidable adrenaline crash. Now that his body has recovered slightly from the wild hormone spike, he doubts he'll be able to fall back to sleep as quickly as he had earlier in the night.
He really has no idea, John thinks in awe. He really doesn’t see the distinct interest in people’s eyes as they watch him swan around the city in his great big coat, and with an arse so distracting that it could make a nun stop to ogle at it. All Sherlock must glean from those looks are the accusations people like Sally Donovan and Arsehole Anderson spit at him.
Thanks for the patience, lovlies! Important note: I imagine the violin piece Sherlock plays to be something similar to this instrumental cover of Adele's "Make You Feel My Love". I chose it because it's a beautiful song, and in my opinion, both the original and instrumental seamlessly fit into John and Sherlock's relationship. The link included is to Susan Holloway's cover of "Make You Feel My Love". https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cc-XMNTA2aw
Mycroft shakes his head and looks back to his phone, heading down the staircase and away from the bickering men in the flat. Who would have thought that all it takes to control Sherlock Holmes is a stuffy little army doctor with distasteful fashion sense? Mycroft is beginning to see now, despite himself, what Sherlock sees in him. Perhaps he isn’t so ordinary as Mycroft had originally believed.
Even through the dark, John can see Sherlock roll his eyes, but his tone isn’t as harsh as it usually is accompanying that expression. “Obvious, John. I'm going to bed.”
This gives John an idea, and without further thought, he lets his teeth scrape the area again (rougher, this time) while simultaneously giving a firm squeeze with the hand down Sherlock’s pants. Sherlock gasps and pushes at his shoulders frustratedly. “John,
“Did you…?”
Again, John simply shakes his head and Sherlock sighs but continues to hold him while he evens his breathing out and tries to gather his wits.
Sherlock’s mouth gapes open, but before any words can pass his lips, John shoots him a death glare, and Lestrade sends a similar look his way, holding up a finger in warning. The combined effort of them both seems to make Sherlock reconsider his words. He settles for yanking his knees up to his chest petulantly and huffing loudly.
, why a reasonably intelligent man like Dr. Watson would willfully choose to waste his time and emotional energy on such a cold-hearted bastard like Sherlock Holmes. Except that now as she approaches the ambulance for a better vantage point, he somehow doesn’t inspire in her the acute sense of detestation which he usually does. John carefully lowers him onto the bed of the ambulance, and Sherlock sways to the side. One of the paramedics quickly covers the man’s shoulders with a shock blanket and holds it there. It’s telling of his current state that the detective doesn’t even protest. Water drips from his bedraggled curls, and it
Sherlock had always refused to play the violin when they were younger. At least, he had refused to play for an audience. Whether it would be even remotely believable to anyone whom hadn’t grown up in the same household with Sherlock, there had been a time where the boy would have hidden under any number of tables to avoid having to face spectators.  As a small child, when Mummy or Aunty had asked him to put on a performance, he’d mulishly decline with a firm shake of his head and reproachfully narrowed eyes from beneath his mop of constantly unruly dark hair. Usually, as Mycroft remembers, this had happened at family gatherings like Christmas and Easter when both of them had been forced to “celebrate” while stuffed humiliatingly into obnoxiously festive jumpers. As if that hadn’t been bad enough in and of itself.
“Oh, come off it. Just let him in,” Dr. Watson sighs from where he’s crouched by the window, gathering the scattered sheet music from the carpet where Sherlock had presumably dropped it in his haste.
Sherlock is silent, stewing.
“Listen, Greg, why don’t you stay for supper? It’ll be ready in ten minutes.”
Sherlock's rigidity relaxes under his grip, so John decides not to let go just yet. Sherlock's expression is soft—verging dangerously on sentimental as lets his head loll to the side to look at him, but John's eyesight is starting to get blurry anyway so maybe it's only a trick of the light, or wishful thinking. John eventually lets his eyes slip closed, succumbing to the phantom weight pressing down on them. He thinks he feels a hand brush through his hair, but he can't be sure on the verge of unconsciousness as he is. Either way, he leans into it and lets the soothing caress lull him back into a blissfully dreamless sleep. He'll deal with whatever consequences this may bring in the morning, when he can think clearly.
“What is it?” he whispers, ducking his neck to look at him in the eyes. A stray black curl tickles John's forehead.
help. It does. I just mean...you're doing this whole...
Before they can antagonize each other any further, Dr. Watson strolls back in the room, pausing and looking back and forth between them with expectantly raised eyebrows. Mycroft’s cup of tea is steaming in his left hand. “Um, I didn’t know how you take your tea, so I just kept it simple. Wasn’t sure if Sherlock’s affinity for copious amounts of sugar was specific to him or if it ran in the family, so…”
once as the second squad car’s engine starts and follows slowly behind. That leaves only the four of them plus the paramedics on the scene. Lestrade sighs as he comes up beside her, gaze following hers. “So? You gonna tell me?” she asks, curious despite herself.
“But, um, thanks for the thought, Donovan. That was—” he clears his throat. “It was a good idea.”
“I understand, I would be happy to help”
John felt the shaking and quivering as Shock set in, his body was acting as though it were freezing though he didn’t feel particularly cold. It wasn’t a good sign, though it was inevitable.
“Uuugh…” John groaned, “John Hamish Watson, Wesen, Blood type A positive. No allergies, current medications, none despite what my damn psychiatrist says... Age Thirty six… birthday… birthday… damnit” John felt his tongue getting heavy but he could hear voices around them, though he couldn’t really see anything but Sherlock. His peripheral vision had already hazed out without him noticing.
Sherlock knew Mycroft was goading him, knew that he shouldn’t rise to the bait, but as his brother swanned out of the apartment Sherlock already knew he’d succeeded and that only made him angrier.
“You see the Yard are out of their depth, most have no idea that the link between the victims is that they were all Wesen and those that do are only getting in the way. That’s where you come in Doctor; I need an expert on Wesen medicine to assist me to try and figure out what drug they are using. So far it has successfully killed six that we are aware of, all different kinds of Wesen both prey and predator alike, we don’t know how they’re spreading it or even what it is to combat it. I would appreciate your expertise in this.”
“Then why Almond milk?”
What he hadn’t expected was the lopsided yet predatory grin, which revealed just a hint of straight white teeth, levelled his way before he was wrenched forward by a fist buried in the fabric of his shirt. Sherlock expected a handful of things might happen in that moment, that he might be threatened, hit, thrown, etcetera… what had not made the list however was that he might be kissed.
“No.” It was a simply answer but it spoke volumes to John and triggered an instinctive response in the Doctor.
“You are going to regret challenging me, I am a quick study.”
“The usual Doctor,” Shrugging off his coat, then his jacket the man began to unbutton his shirt but John already had a good idea of what was to come. The doctor had a nose that could not be questioned on these things, and for Mr Holmes this was in fact the usual.
John began slowly stitching what he could of the wound, a lot of the flesh was missing, luckily for Mr Holmes Grimms healed uncommonly fast for Kehrseite.
Sherlock regretted that the day would come when he’d have to kill John Watson, the man was a damn fine physician, but only a handful of Wesen could have committed such atrocities clear minded and Sherlock knew that the good doctor was not one of them.
Sherlock just stood there, stunned, until the sniggering of his audience brought him back to reality.
Destroying that many trained soldiers, and displaying their heads as a warning, was a clear sign of Wesen beast mentality. Under normal circumstances the soldier in question would have been sent on another ‘mission’ which he wouldn’t return from. Doctor Watson had been invalided home instead, released from the military and turned loose on the world.
Sherlock kept his expression cool and blank, even as warm nearly naked bodies surrounded him, but within him his mind was reeling as he wondered just what he’d agreed to.
If there was one thing Sherlock Holmes, the world’s only Consulting Detective, was familiar with it was the masks people wore and how to break them down piece by piece. Take Detective Inspector Lestrade of Scotland Yard for example; he was the serious policeman, the fierce interrogator, the gentle shoulder for a victim to cry on, a dutiful husband to a less than dutiful ex-wife and a well-liked boss. DI Lestrade wore many masks and Sherlock enjoyed picking them to pieces if the man became too irritating, which happened often enough.
John didn’t blink at the littering of scars that covered the other man’s chest and back as the shirt was removed, he didn’t even bat an eye at the crudely dressed wound on the man’s shoulder that was bleeding through the dressings and likely had also marked the clothing he’d been wearing. Dark colours however were good for concealing such things from those who are not looking for them.
“We only have Almond milk”
“Guess my therapist was right about something after all…”
Sherlock pulled out his phone, dialled swiftly and spoke quietly in hurried clipped sentences as he quickly retrieved the silk cord he’d previously been strangled with. “Lestrade’s on his way and he’s bringing an ambulance, hold on a while longer John.” Sherlock demanded as he balled up one end of the scarf like material and forced it into the wound while wrapping the free end around John’s torso to apply pressure. It was a good improvisation in the circumstances as John’s strength was beginning to waver, Sherlock shucked his own coat and wrapped it too around John and tried to keep him focused.
John stood at the window of the neighbouring building, he watched Sherlock pick up the pill and his blood ran cold. Why would a man, A Grimm, as smart as Sherlock Holmes take the gamble against a madman with nothing to lose? Why didn’t he simply knock the Kehrseite out and be done with it, the gun would not be a real threat but whatever concoction was in those pills clearly was. The taxi driver we Kehrseite, he wasn’t even Kehrseite-Schlich-Kennen and thus aware of Wesen. Someone else was pulling the strings, picking the targets and calling the shots and it left a bad taste in John’s mouth that they were being lead, so easily, by the nose.
John nodded, it would at least be a start with the too thin Grimm.
It was the smallest of sounds, almost covered by the crack of the leather but it was unmistakeable to Sherlock, that small breathy gasp filled Sherlock with a sense of euphoria that shook him. Their audience hadn’t heard it but the soldier was aware of his defeat, Sherlock could see it in the tense line of his jaw beneath the mask and the subtle quake in his shoulder. Though his mind was frozen on that moment Sherlock’s arm continued to move, flogging the soldier trying to drag out another blissful sound. The feeling within Sherlock was intense, like the moment he solved a case or that first hit of nicotine or cocaine after so long on withdrawal. It was consuming and addictive, it didn’t take a genius like Sherlock Holmes to see the new gleam in his eye or guess at the obsession forming.
“Tsk, tsk, tsk.” Sherlock scolded, a cunning smile directed to his avid audience. “We can’t have you losing ground after we’ve made such delicious progress…”
A few of the regulars approached him, chatting casually and asking after his plans for the night. Sherlock kept his responses vague so as to seem interested but not committed, thus available for a better offer should one present. Many asked after Joe and it seemed Sherlock’s prolonged absence following “The Captain’s” display had been noted. A few asked if they would play again tonight, eager to see Sherlock’s skills with a whip once more. Of course, Sherlock replied in the negative with a cheeky remark, he didn’t want to think on the way Joe had walked away from him or how Adler had shown her obvious interest in the man. The idea of Joe submitting for That Woman made the rage build within Sherlock so that it almost suffocated him. What he had originally considered to be Mycroft induced peevishness with a helping dose of agitation thanks to the social snub was turning into something toxic and ugly, feelings he couldn’t quite identify and certainly not name were turning his stomach as though it were replaced with a boiling pit of oil.
Soldier, invalided out, shoulder wound, gun shot, Iraq? No Afghanistan. Home longer than first thought, still not acclimatised to civilian life, dresses like a soldier even in civilian clothes, hence continued tan though fading. Not gay but done too much to consider himself straight anymore, some variant of bi or demi sexual. Older than first thought, mid to late thirties, cropped hair just showing through the base of the mask light in colour blond seems most likely, still remarkably toned despite time returned, injury and age. Spends a lot of time working out, not a lot of time sleeping or eating more than basic rations still, PTSD most likely, rank uncertain but used to being issued commands so likely not high ranking. Likely feels directionless as a civilian, hence the club. Not a sexual connection to the club then but a mental, emotional one, control.
“Keen observation,” The young man said with yet another bored eyeroll, “Assam bold in a pot, soy milk, two scones with apricot jam and no cream.”
“Yes, but…”
That was, at least, until he became aware of Sherlock’s presence.
John nodded as the wound was finally revealed, unsurprisingly it was a bite mark over the man’s shoulder.
The wind turned cold on his neck and the screams stopped, John looked at the face of the soldier frozen in pain with eyes wide and unseeing. John felt the shards of metal cut through his gloves and bite at his hands even as he worked harder and harder to clear the debris even as the blood cooled and the nurses attempted to pull him away. Calling to him that there was nothing more he could do, that others needed them now, needed him now but John could not seem to stop, could not take his hands from the young man, could not close his eyes to the blood and death as the blinding sun glinting off the silver medallion resting in a motionless hand. The light shining off the medal grew brighter and brighter until it was all the Doctor could see, pain shooting threw his head even as he shot up in his lumpy bed, soaked in sweat, sheets tangled around his body, sun shining through a gap in the curtains directly over his pillow.
Officially ‘Captain Watson’ had been stationed in a medical encampment near the front lines, it was risky work, but he held his command well and treated both comrade and adversary without judgement. A well-respected soldier, with a reputation on both sides which kept him protected. At least for a while.
“Ah, there you are brother mine.” Mycroft oozed as Sherlock entered, the older Holmes was lounging in Sherlock’s own chair as though he had the right.
Though he’d already dismissed the soldier from his mind Sherlock had no expected himself to not be so readily forgotten as the man stepped away from the fencing and towards the detective. Leaning in close to Sherlock as he passed by the thoughtful man the soldier paused just a moment by the detective’s ear and in a surprisingly dark voice whispered a single word which made Sherlock burn within before he moved on to leave the club as was his usual practice following a scene.
“What do you want Mycroft?” Sherlock spat, heading straight for his violin.
“Impossible”
That’s where Doctor John Watson came in. Sherlock had met him when they crossed paths during a case, Doctor Watson was treating a victim of Wesen domestic violence whose spouse had turned up at the morgue. Apparently, the Victim’s brothers hadn’t taken kindly to the news of their sibling’s plight. Sherlock hadn’t killed the pair of Wesen, but he did ‘encourage’ them to turn themselves in and Mycroft was keeping close tabs on them for any warning signs for repeat behaviour. Wesen killing Wesen, especially for justifiable reason, was not a Grimm’s problem.
Sherlock Holmes retrieved his clothing, swiftly dressed and strode from the clinic without a backward glance but John followed him with his eyes, as did another within the waiting room.
John scrambled to his feet, much less gracefully than he should have all things considered, and ran out the door after the Grimm Detective and so the whirlwind that was to be their friendship began.
“Will that be a problem anymore?” John asked, part of him feeling a deep-seated pleasure at Mr Holmes’ discomfort and pain as the lacerations were cleaned.
John just stared at the man and blinked owlishly “Almond milk is fine?” he offered questioningly and the Barista nodded, rung up his order and said nothing as he took John’s money and dismissed him for the next order.
“So?”
“This won’t sustain you for long…”
“…no… it’s fine. Thank you I suppose.” The young man handed back John’s card and with a slight uptilt of his lips he said, “See you again soon.”
The doctor got his Almond Milk Latte from a pleasant young woman who apologised for her trainee and gave John a smile and a wink when she thanked him for his order and invited him to visit again soon. John smiled back and left the coffee shop, he put the event from his mind as he began wandering the streets of London once more lost in thoughts of the war that still raged without him. True to the Barista’s prediction, by the time John remembered his coffee the drink was cold on his lips and though he swallowed the single mouthful he threw away the rest.
John was trying very, Very hard not to lose his temper. He’d been on edge for weeks, living with Sherlock Bloody Holmes did that to a person, but this was a whole new kettle of fish. John had been trying to retain some semblance of normalcy since moving in with Sherlock, had tried to continue his life outside their bizarre friendship, but apparently that was asking too much. It was asking too much that he be allowed to continue working regular hours at the clinic without Sherlock bursting in with a case on his heels, it was too much to expect that Sherlock and those around him would play by societal rules such as not kidnapping people, Damn Grimms and their messed-up families, but above all, apparently it was far faaar too much to ask that John be allowed one night off to take Sarah, another doctor from the clinic and a very beautiful Fuchsbau out on a date without hell intruding.
His eyes burning from too many sleepless nights and immense concentration as he was loath to blink and lose sight for even a second.
“Oh, I don’t know but you seem intent on seeing me every day. Allow your body to heal completely for a change and I’d agree to meet you outside of the clinic, I’ll even listen to you brag about your cases again.”
Sherlock was confused, and surprisingly annoyed, by the apparent snub. The anger which had been mellowing suddenly flared back to life within his chest. Sherlock’s felt his chest tighten and his breathing become shallow, it was a curious feeling that was usually reserved for Mycroft and even then, not since their youth when Mycroft was his most infuriating and meddlesome. Trying to ignore the feelings trying to strangle him Sherlock focused on the case, that was what was important after all. Frame stiff and teeth grinding, Sherlock made his way across the room to order a drink, putting himself into Irene Adler’s sight seemly be accident.
“Hmm, bloody hell the Great Sherlock Holmes asking a question. I would have thought you’d have deduced it all by now you great git.” John said with fondness, his mind was going fuzzy and all he could feel was the shaking but that was preferable to the pain.
“From the way his breath smelt, I have bad news for you.” Mr Holmes retorted as John began to clean the jagged, oozing gash.
Suddenly Joe was in his space, strong fingers wrapped bruisingly around Sherlock’s wrist and he was being dragged somewhere. He did not know where and Sherlock could not make his brain think enough to care, all he could do was catalogue sensations. The pressure on his skin, the surprisingly pleasant smell of sweat, the heat radiating from those fingers burning his own flesh up until the moment he was spun around into a dark corner, hand around his own throat tight enough that Sherlock struggled to breathe but not enough that he could bring himself to fight it. Joe, despite being shorter than Sherlock, crowded him into that corner and somehow seemed more powerful as he leant in and with his free hand covered Sherlock’s eyes. The detective suddenly felt weak, he’d later blame it on the lack of oxygen, and felt himself sliding down the wall behind him until a very firm, very male weight settled against him to keep him where Joe wanted him. Abruptly the hand on his throat vanished and mere moments later is was buried viciously in his hair as he felt pressure against his lips. Joes was kissing him again but this, this was as brutal as the battle he had been in moments before. The soldier was fighting Sherlock for dominance and the detective could not think long enough to resist as his mouth was subdued, plundered, and conquered.
“Are you going to join me Doctor Watson or not?”
Sherlock himself used many such masks to get information in his line of work, though he confessed to having much less emotional attachment to any specific one like other people seemed to. What Sherlock had not expected however, was to don a physical mask to see others drop their metaphoric ones.
“Sorry…?”
Mycroft was a force to be reckoned with, even without his ability to see Wesen. Not that a Holmes really needed that, there were other ways to tell who was a Wesen and who was not, it was the type that took a bit more work to figure out. That was the part of the puzzle Sherlock enjoyed most.
It wasn’t until one of the Dungeon Masters, a surprisingly supple female with a keen eye for crops and whips herself, touched Sherlock’s crop arm that he realised his hour had passed and despite the other plans he’d held he too had wasted his time on simple, though forceful, impact play. Sherlock received a polite applauding and commiseration from the audience as he untied the Soldier who looked like he’d be fine with continuing.
Sherlock did not usually spend much time in the Den, it was too bestial for his tastes. The space catered for the Primal clientele who craved a simpler form of power struggle, displays of physical dominance and strength. Here submission must be earned, not freely given. Once Sherlock heard that Joe was there it was as though he were drawn by an invisible tether until he lurked in the hall watching his soldier.
“April fourth… It better be a good one after all this.” John ground out as the paramedics reapplied pressure to the wound to move him. Sherlock was out of his line of sight and suddenly John had nothing to focus on. He was moving, his stomach roiled with nausea and his shoulders began to quake. The voices faded into a haze of noise as they put a mask over his nose and mouth and the world faded away. John wasn’t sure if he passed out or if they anesthetised him, either way he didn’t like it. When the world went to black the dreams always began again, though now there were more bodies which lay at his feet and heads on spikes with judging eyes staring at him.
An intriguing figure that Sherlock often found his eyes following against his will, truly there should have been nothing different about him but Sherlock found himself drawn to this man clad not in leather like so many others around him but Military issue camouflage trousers, combat boots, damaged and sadly illegible dog tags, and little else. As far as Sherlock could tell it was all authentic, his posture, the slight tan lines, the raised scars over his shoulder, marring his otherwise flawless skin, all pointed to this man being a recently returned soldier but that was all Sherlock could see.
Sherlock didn’t intend to touch him, not there at least but he knew the Soldier’s attention would now be on his groin as would his imagination and not on Sherlock who moved back to the table and his brand-new flogger. It was an attractive piece of workmanship with a solid wooden handle covered it braided leather. The tails, because there were 6 of them, were the length of Sherlock’s arm, shoulder to wrist, and each consisted of three pieces of quality leather plaited together. While it didn’t provide the accuracy of Sherlock’s preferred crop it did allow for a larger impact area.
“Thanks for the tea, it was a kind thought.” John said as he handed the barrister his card.
Both men shared a look before Travis returned to the register and the other man left with a muttered “indeed.”.
After the eighth match the Dungeon Mistress called an end as the ropes demonstration was ready to begin; the Soldier got to his feet, an attractive sheen of sweat covering his exposed flesh and his eyes locked with Sherlock’s. The detective couldn’t really be sure due to the dim lighting and the mask but if asked he’d say the man’s eyes were blue. A moment passed between them and Sherlock lifted a challenging brow before rising languidly to his own feet and leaving the room. This time Sherlock avoided the main rooms and followed the labyrinth of hallways to one of the lesser rooms, still public but less crowded. In this room, which Sherlock had reserved earlier, was a free-standing iron restrain. At each side of the room was a chain which ran from floor to ceiling where in passed through a ring before meeting in the middle of the room at a stock like hand and neck restrain, which he’d already adjusted for the Soldier’s height.
John looked up with a start; he’d been in his own little world while waiting in line to order his coffee at the chic little café in central London, mind full of thoughts of sand and blood and shouts of ‘Medic’. He’d been so absorbed in his own thoughts however that he hadn’t seen the line move forward and realised, somewhat belatedly, that it was the barista at the counter speaking.
His hand buried within the shredded abdomen of a wounded soldier; the young man could not have been more than 20 as he screamed in agony. They were out of anaesthetic so the only relief the injured man has was a St Christopher medallion clutched desperately in his hand, apparently a gift from his mother before his deployment. It would not do much, but John hoped it would distract the soldier somewhat as the medic fished around to remove the crude shrapnel fragments from the mans bleeding gut. John needed to work quickly to try and minimise blood loss, since they didn’t have enough of that either, in fact they didn’t have a lot of supplies at all so the wounded currently flooding their tents relied on the medical teams’ speed and skill over anything else. Lives rested in their hands now more than ever and even as John worked as quickly as he could he felt the wind change.
His hand sneaked around Sherlock's, squeezing it tenderly.
With Barnaby's help, they got the injured detective back to where they’d left the Land Rover. John sat Sherlock in the vehicle's back seat, scooting beside the barely conscious man. Wrapping his arms around Sherlock, John kept rubbing the man’s shaking arms and chest all the way back to the house, trying to channel a bit of warmth into the cold body.
Meeting the parents :)
As always, thank you goes to my betas Donna and nutmeag83 (special thanks to you, girl, IOU!)!
“Oh, not really. Gerald is a good lad. However, Lady Isabelle isn't much fond of Mr. Gerald's current girlfriend. She thinks that the girl only exploits him. She has warned him several times now, but he doesn't listen.”
John’s dying footsteps still echoed on the stairs when Sherlock turned his head toward the door, his eyes fixing on the doorframe like a sad, abandoned puppy. He didn't want to admit it, but he was scared of the proposed talk. Postponing it to save himself from the inevitable misery seemed to be the only thing to do.
Blinking, Sherlock raised a brow.
Thank you as always goes for my betas, Donna and nutmeag83! Any mistakes left, that's my fault, apologies.
About an hour later, wrapped in his dressing gown and tucked under the comfortable duvet in the large, double, walnut canopy bed, Sherlock rested his head on the fluffy pillow and stared at the ceiling.
“John.” Sherlock's voice was deep and husky. “I truly appreciate your worry, but I've been waiting for this ever since that morning, when I woke up beside you. Ever since then, I've kept berating myself and the bloody alcohol for not remembering much of what happened. I have only the memories of my subconscious, and I hate it! If it were up to me, we'd have done this weeks ago. But you set the rule of not getting physical, and I respected your choice. Having been beside you, but not allowed to touch or get lost in you during the past months has been a torture, but I obliged your wish. So if you ask me if I'm up to engaging into sexual activity with you, my answer is, hell, yes!”
“Do you want me to wear it tonight?”
“Harder,” John begged, tugging at Sherlock's dark curls and coaxing a wanton groan from the detective. Sherlock's follicles being particularly sensitive, the pull on his hair ignited his own arousal, making his cock twitch.
“Don't make me repeat it, you heard me fine the first time.”
“I'm sorry...” Sherlock whispered.
Right, rating turns higher for erotic content and sex-related discussion, so be warned (and enjoy)! ;)
“Out with it,” Sherlock looked at him expectantly.
“So I deduce that the ‘friends with benefits’ construction is not an option in our case,” Sherlock cracked a little smile. “As both parties contradict the no emotions part.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He didn't do sentiment, and he most certainly didn't feel the urge to fulfil sexual needs, so the only plausible explanation was the scientific approach.
His lips curved into a knowing smirk.
, John told himself,
“You know that you're breaking the law, do you? Bigamy is illegal.”
The ex-army doctor's face flushing deep red, he gaped at his flatmate and the laptop screen. Sherlock watching themselves having sex was... He couldn't find the proper term to express his awkwardness. How the hell did the detective acquire that recording? Actually, when did they start  to tape their intercourse in first place?
Sherlock didn't reply, just let out a barely audible humming sound.
Christmas preparation with Sherlock isn't an easy ride...
Taking all the courage, he spoke.
John couldn’t say no to that pleading, innocent look. Also, he wasn’t supposed to refuse a sick man’s need of company. He was a doctor after all.
“Shut up,” Sherlock interjected hoarsely. “I'm Sherlock Holmes, I'm always right.”
“I promise that I’ll come back to you.” John’s eyes bore into Sherlock’s, emphasising the weight of the words.
John groaned. “I don't want to know about it...”
“Just a minor rise in my temperature, that's not the end of the world!” Despite being sick, Sherlock was still well enough to protest.
“You mean the sexual interaction?” Sherlock asked perplexedly. “We've already discussed that, remember? You said that you wouldn't mind getting physical with me. Have you changed your mind?” His eyes narrowed.
Although he had acquired information of what semen tasted like in order to know what to expect, the flavour was nothing he had imagined. The salty, warm, sticky fluid was alien on his tongue, but not as revolting as he had assumed. It had a strange alikeness to oysters, which—having French ancestors—used to be a regular course at large family dinners. After the initial tentativeness, Sherlock realised that, in fact, he quite liked it, and eagerly swallowed John's cum to the last drop.
Sherlock followed him and crouched onto the carpet between John's legs. Being so close to the only man he had ever wanted to touch, suddenly everything he had learnt from the internet blurred into an incoherent pile of information; all that he was aware of was John offering himself to him.
(See the end of the chapter for
For a genius, the detective could be really slow at uptake at times.
John nodded.
As this fic is part of a series, occasionally there'll be some works added later (deleted scenes, the story's playlist etc.). Also, there's a kind of sequel to this fic in works (heavy angst!!), but I don't know when can I finish it (probably not very soon).
Thank you for the kudos, hits and comments, as always. Thanks to all of you who are still sticking around and staying on board of this story of emotional rollercoaster.
Right, breathe now! Everything's fine! :) Sorry for giving you the fright, but you know me - angst girl here! :)
I'm not an expert of the psychology of attraction. Everything is from internet search, so if there's any inaccuracy, I apologise. No offense to anyone.
Sherlock bit his lip and inhaled sharply. “You.”
“I want you in every way.” Sherlock’s deep, sincere baritone sent a shiver down John’s spine.
“Didn't ask for the scientific explanation, thank you very much,” John laughed, hushing Sherlock with a finger on the mouth. “What I meant was… Do you understand what this could actually lead to...“
John’s world was suddenly a cavalcade of insecurities, doubts and confusion. He didn’t know what to say, he feared hurting Sherlock with some inappropriately chosen words.
John races with time to free Sherlock, but he too has to save himself along the way. One thing is for sure: he has never experienced so much terror before...
violence, drug abuse, mental and emotional torture / manipulation, power play, sexual abuse, attempted rape, mention of rape, prostitution and human trafficking
Angelo returned with a red candle and a bottle of champagne. Seeing the men's questioning look, he grinned with a wink. “Gift of the house. Merry Christmas.”
John groaned, but gave in. “I said I think I have feelings for you, you stupid git. Satisfied now?”
John immediately jolted away from Sherlock like a frightened animal and plastered himself against the headboard, blinking rapidly and gasping loud.
Sherlock shifted at the unexpected praise, his mouth curving into a sheepish smile. He could never get tired of hearing John complimenting him.
Chapter title: The Wanted - Warzone
“Hmm?”
John sighed. “Alright, you couldn't have known. Had you asked me and let me know it was important to you, I'd have let you film it. I haven't done it before though, but on some conditions applied, I'd have approved. And by conditions I mean privacy, only you and me can see it.”
“An extra candle would be nice,” John smiled back sheepishly.
The bond they’d formed after a relatively short time was stronger and deeper than most of John’s friendships. He couldn’t tell why had he been drawn to the man so much right from the start, but there was something about Sherlock Holmes that—apart from the bewildering brilliance—intrigued and captivated him. John had been astounded at the immediate trust he developed for Sherlock and at how quickly their friendship grew into a comfortable companionship. Living with Sherlock, having him around almost all the time, spending time with him on and off case, sharing everydays’ domesticity felt natural by now and John couldn’t imagine things being any different. What they had was good, and—after the hard times that had fallen on him after his discharge from the army due to his injury—John finally was content with his life.
The journey ends - happily. :)
“In every way.”
He had never thought to ever become the subject of someone's genuine affection, let alone the reason of someone's arousal—that seemed to be utterly improbable.
“Stop this!“ hissing, eyes sharp like a knife, John turned around in a sudden move. ”Just stop this! For a genius you are utterly stupid at times! I thought you already knew me better than that. Where are those extraordinary observation skills of the great Sherlock Holmes?? What should I do or say to show that I'm not ashamed of being with you?? To make you see how much you mean to me, that I love you more than I have ever loved anyone? I've already killed for you, and yes, I'd do the other way around too, I'd die for you, Sherlock fucking Holmes! I'd die for you so you brilliant git could live. Even hundred women don't come up to you. I'm not interested in men, but if I had to choose between a beautiful, smart, lovely woman and you, I'd choose you in a heartbeat. And once in my life I so bloody don't care what others say.”
Dashing along the path in the direction of the Beresford mansion, dry twigs and leaves crunched under his feet and raindrops fell onto his hair and face from the branches above. Running as fast as he could, his ragged breath was visible in the chilly air. He felt like he was back in an early morning jogging session ordered by an insufferable commander in the army. Had the situation been different, John might have enjoyed this exercise—given that their trainings during his military days had always taken place on the base, never in the countryside. John always liked the excitement and challenge the field provided, thus he had been thrilled to participate in the missions on the frontline.
Sherlock was processing his flatmate's words in silence, his face showing no emotions whatsoever.
! To draw attention to himself, he started waving at the car animatedly. Noticing him, the driver slowed down and skidded to a halt.
“Was it useful?” John breathed in with anticipation.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You don't have to...” John started, but with a sudden urge, he changed his mind. “Sod it, who am I fooling? You have to.” He looked down at his partner, his eyes lighting up in mischief. “Yeah, you owe me big time.”
his heart fluttered. “Real,” he murmured in awe and buried his head into the hollow of John's neck. He breathed little, hot kisses onto the smooth skin, before trailing further down, licking and nibbling experimentally, and savouring the taste of the salty flesh. John tensed as Sherlock's tongue reached the damaged tissue on his left shoulder and, gently, tried to nudge him away from the very spot. But Sherlock only strengthened his hold around the naked torso and breathed feathery kisses on the knotted pinky scar. “My brave Captain Watson,” he whispered admiringly.
“I didn't want to interrupt the lovely tirade you delivered; it was quite entertaining,” Sherlock remarked calmly, a barely noticeable smile playing at the corner of his mouth.
“Yes. She invited us for a few days.”
“Nothing. It's just strange,” the old man rubbed his beard. “She never has guests. I don't remember her inviting anyone to the mansion ever since Lord Beresford died. Three years, that is.”
He, Sherlock Holmes, had just made a fool of himself. Because of some appealing chemical reaction. He had been weak, letting his guard down, foolishly engaging in something he had never known, and then, assuming for a mere moment that his friend hadn't regretted it, he had even entertained the possibility of pursuing this new dynamic further. He was such a fool. ‘
Fun fact: inspired by this scene, I actually ran a poll on twitter for the 'satin or lace' question last year, and the user 'contactsh' (roleplay account of Sherlock) just confirmed what I had had in mind when writing this bit long months ago. :)
Now that Jennie is out of the picture, will the boys finally find their happiness?
Beside that, be warned for explicit sexual content!
“And the staff? Does everyone like her?” John pried further.
John's even breath caressed his ear like the gentle, warm summer breeze. Sherlock smiled at the occasional little snoring noises, finding them utterly endearing. John was drooling on him; there was a damp spot on his T-shirt. Sherlock wondered what he was dreaming about. Now he wished to have the ability to see other people's dreams—more precisely, John's dreams. He could make such good use of that—indulging in the happy ones, and intervening in the nightmares to grant his partner a peaceful rest. John would never have any more of those night terrors when he bolted, panting, covered in cold sweat, with utter fear and horror in his dark eyes. Or, if he had the power to channel dreams into another person's brain, he could plant only happy dreams into John's mind, preferably ones involving himself.
The memory recollection technique that Sherlock uses in this fic is not real, it's a fiction of my mind.
John’s warm touch assured him that this was real and not just a pathetic trick of his imagination. John loved him! While the revelation would have made him the happiest man on Earth under other circumstances, with John’s imminent return to the army, the moment had a bittersweet taste.
This chapter still contains some triggering bits I mentioned in the previous chapter, so as I suggested there, if attempted rape, sexual abuse and violence upset you, skip this chapter too!
“I’m not sure who I am anymore,” John confessed bashfully, casting his eyes down. “I’m not gay, but—with these feelings about you—I’m not sure I could call myself straight either.” He ran a hand through his hair. “I could say bisexual, but, damn, I don’t find other men attractive, don’t have the urge to date someone of my own gender. It’s just you!” he burst out exasperatedly. “I’m pathetic,” he chuckled bitterly.
An important thing: the story takes place after The Hounds of Baskerville, so TRF never happened.
“Are you aware of how often the rhythm of your breathing changes during the act depending on the intensity of pleasure?” Sherlock murmured huskily, licking the hot skin.”Do you know how you curl your toes when getting closer to the edge?” His tongue flicked around John's nipple, making the body  underneath him shudder in pleasure. “Attentive enough, one can use this knowledge to read their partner's needs, tell how long till the climax and which zones of the body needs more attention to reach the orgasm.“
Sherlock had never been more sure about anything. “There's nothing I want more.” His eyes locked with John’s.
“Oh, come on, say it,” Sherlock rolled his eyes impatiently. “Penetrated.”
“I'm sorry.” John looked away, biting his lip. “Understand me, this is something I want to do. This is my purpose...”
“Oh, right,” Sherlock cleared his throat shyly. “So what about a cup of tea?”
“Don't look at me like you didn't know,” John chuckled. “You were fully aware of how that looked, still enjoyed it, you sodding git.”
“Fine, let's give it a try.”
, he saved the idea in his mind palace.
“I swear,” John reiterated firmly, his eyes asking Sherlock to believe him, and in the next moment, Sherlock was only aware of soft lips gently pressing against his.
“John–” Sherlock eventually said, avoiding John's look. “Before you get your hopes up, I must tell you something.”
Stumbling through the small hallway, Sherlock opened the door of his room and propelled them into the darkness of his lair. How many times did he imagine this scenario in the past months, he sighed. Finally, the wait was over. Relying on his memory of the room's layout, he guided John to his bed in the dark and, shoving him onto the mattress, planted small kisses on the bare chest. The pale street light filtering through the window cast a silver shine on their bodies, enough to make out each other's silhouette.
John froze, thinking he misheard the words or simply that his brain was playing tricks on him, and that he had fallen back into the mental exchange with that little voice.
John Watson groaned loudly, his heartbeat accelerating again. Unable to speak, all he could do to show Sherlock his love was sliding his fingers into the dark hair of the young Holmes and tenderly massaging his scalp. The other hand enveloping Sherlock's shaft, he started stroking the hard member.
“Oh, Sherlock...” John caressed the detective's face tenderly. “I love you. And believe me, you'll solve the case of love with flying colours,” he smiled broadly. “You have my help.”
Again thank you for the wonderful response to the latest chapter! I'm a bit behind with replying the comments, but I'll get there! Thank you for reading and sticking around. <3
Returning to the room, he stopped beside the bed, standing on the side where he had had recently lain. He made a sudden decision and slipped under the duvet instead of lying on the top.
“Oh, Sherlock, do I really have to break it down for you?” John couldn't suppress the laughter any longer.
“You're sure?” Sherlock muttered mischievously, before his lips met John's in a teasing, brief, feathery caress.
John’s breath caught in his throat.
“Are you going to leave me now?” he risked the fearful question eventually.
Thanks a lot to nutmeag83  for the support while writing this chapter. x
“Tell me I'm not dreaming,” he whispered breathlessly, pulling back briefly. Sherlock fixed his gaze on John's thin lips, not daring to look him in the eye, in case the moment was only a figment of his imagination.
it was so strange to hear it. Sherlock had been apprehensive that once the title became real, it would have felt suffocating and pressuring, but all he felt was contentment and happiness.
“Exactly.” The detective's eyes were brightening up. ”And what about?”
The detective looked into his eyes, intently, not saying a word. John was about to demand an explanation, but when their gazes met, the words died on his tongue. What he saw in the blue pools was nothing he expected. Instead of the clinical, sterile, experiment-focused look of the genius, a pair of scared, yet hopeful eyes stared back at him, warmth and innocence showing in them.
Music helped Sherlock to compose himself and face the inevitable that was coming, so he was shifted back into his usual aloof self by the time John returned a few hours later. He was immediately aware of his friend's presence, of the familiar sound of the doctor's feet pounding on the stairs, and from the man's heavy, fast breathing, he could instantly tell that John was furious. Sherlock stopped playing, but didn't turn around.
,’ he remembered Mycroft's warning. He knew that very well. Still, in one weak moment, he’d let himself be swept away by his despised humanity.
Rated explicit for graphic sexual content! I warned you. :)
“It would have been useless; he is utterly stubborn.”
“Do you know you used the word fucking three times in one sentence? “ Sherlock raised a brow nonchalantly.
“Sherlock! That's not funny.“
"You're not that good as you think you are, you know," John smirked confidently.
John hated leaving the sick, injured and freezing man there in the cold, wet forest all alone, but there was nothing else that he do. He just hoped and prayed that his phone would get some tiny little signal soon so he could call for help.
Warning: homophobic remarks, insults and bad language in this chapter!
“Appealing?” he echoed unbelievingly. “Sherlock, you’re beautiful! How can you not see what everyone else can?”
The prospect of a repeat of last night’s experiences was both tempting and frightening. Feeling Sherlock’s closeness and touches again was tempting, but…
“Sherlock!” John called for his attention after a long moment of silence.
“Are you listening?” John prompted him, moving in the doorway of the kitchen. He fixed his gaze  on Sherlock. “Have you heard what I said at all?”
Entering the blue fairy-light-dressed Jubilee Gardens, John stopped and fished his phone out of his pocket. “Come here,” he commanded as he  pulled Sherlock into a half embrace. Launching the camera mode, he held the phone up, so that the light-covered trees were visible behind them in the background. “Smile.”
As always thank you for the comments, kudos and hits! They make my day brighter.
Taking a step toward him, John's other hand cupped Sherlock's face, his eyes never leaving the detective's blue pools. Standing on his tiptoes, John pulled his friend close, his lips touching Sherlock's, slowly and gently.
John blinked, clueless for a moment about what Sherlock was talking about. Oh, Greg’s handcuffs!
John wrinkled his nose.
An unexpected encounter with someone John hasn't heard from for long leads to important relevations, easing some weight off John's shoulders. Sherlock and John have a heated argument, saying things they don't mean, but soon realise what's at stake...
“I might have not, but still... It matters to me. You deserve to be treated with special care during your first time.”
John couldn’t be more grateful to Harry for her reassuring, eye-opening words that made him finally be able to accept that he had non-platonic feelings for a man, which left him with what people called ‘bisexuality’. Though John would rather label himself ‘straight with one exception’ or ‘Sherlock-sexual,’ Sherlock surely would frown at these terms and give a lengthy speech about the pointlessness of labels, one which John could actually agree with, even while hoping to be spared the rant.
Here's a new chapter, with the warning of language and explicit description of sexual situations. ;)
“I fucking know!!” John yelled and yielding the laptop from his flatmate, snapped it shut. “Say bye to the movies. Funfair's closing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Another up and down in the rollercoaster ride of their relationship... Is everything allowed in love?
“The latter would be funnier. Just imagine Lestrade's face when seeing us holding hands.”
Sherlock flinched at the words, and his eyes squeezed shut in exasperation. “Don't…” he whispered, begging for dear life. Please, don’t. Don’t leave me. Not you. Not now.
John blinked the threatening tears, before bracing himself with renewed confidence and giving a soldier-like nod to his reflection.
Sherlock beamed at his flatmate.
Sherlock edged closer, looming over John. “Save it,” he groaned impatiently, placing his hands on John's hips, pulling him closer. “We've done enough talking during the past months!”
“This time you're wrong, Mr. Holmes. I am the lucky one—having you as my boyfriend is the best thing that happened to me in a long while.”
“Not at all.” The detective's eyes twinkled in the fairy lights.
Sherlock nodded absentmindedly and dropped down into his armchair, his thoughts already far ahead.
“I think most of us like and respect her. But of course, there are always the exceptions. You know, how it is—conflicts about money, preferences, work quality, lies, secrets... just the usual stuff. So, you are guests of Lady Beresford?” The old man narrowed his eyes contemplatively.
“I wasn't sure whether you'd have approved. If you had refused the idea, I couldn't have managed to have this recording. You'd have been cautious every time we had sex, and that'd have ruined everything.”
“Sherlock...” he finally overcame the breathlessness, and seeing his lover's intentions, he was about to protest and point out that it was his turn to please, but the detective cut in.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You... you risked your life...” John stammered, his eyes widening.
“So it was you..?” John muttered as reality was dawning on him.
Warning for language and sexy times :)
“You haven't interrupted me or criticised a thing, not even once, which is very unlike you.”
John bit his bottom lip bitterly.
Certainly, everything had been different when he was a child. Every kid loved playing in the snow—riding a sledge, building a snowman, having a snowball fight—Sherlock had been no exception. He had anticipated the first snowfall every year, hardly waiting for the large, thick blanket on the ground in their garden before running outside, laughing, with Mycroft in tow. Once Mycroft left for the boarding school, playing in the snow didn't feel that satisfying and exciting anymore. Sherlock no longer looked forward to the first snow like before. Redbeard eased the apathy—running around with him had been good fun—but he wasn't a child, wasn't Mycroft.
They both needed someone that understood them like no one else and accepted them with all their flaws, and they found that person in each other. They both were faulty, broken men in some way, but they each found solace and understanding in the other, like a stray dog taken in after long years.
“You dirty little git,” John chuckled, pulling the detective into a loving kiss.
Done. :)
Thanks a lot to my betas, especially nutmeag83 whose insights were invaluable help as always.
After walking aimlessly through the nearby streets, John eventually ended up in a coffee shop, nursing a cup of strong coffee (as still having been a bit hangoverish, getting a pint was out of question). Sitting at a window table, he watched the people passing by in the street, occasionally taking a sip of his hot drink. Out of the suffocating rooms of 221B, spared of Sherlock's drama-queen attitude and feeling more like himself after the stroll in the crisp November air, he could finally think without his head threatening to split into pieces and assess the situation he had got himself into in merely twelve hours.
“Of course not,” John huffed in disdain. “Stop lying. I'm sure you find this bloody entertaining, but this is fucking humiliating to me.”
“I really enjoyed the evening.” John stared into Sherlock's sparkling blue eyes, standing outside of the front door of 221B. He had had numerous dates in the past, but none of those filled his stomach with as many butterflies as this one with Sherlock. He didn't want to mess it up, especially since his partner wasn't experienced in romance. “In a romantic movie, this would be the point when the guy invites the girl in for a drink,” John muttered suggestively. Sherlock just stared at him, apparently not catching his drift. John sighed, an amused smile playing in the corner of his mouth. “Would you?”
“Whatever you want; I don't mind either way. I just don't want you to get hurt.”
Police officers are not armed by default, there are the special units that have weapons. SCO19 is the British SWAT. I'm unsure though if they were called SCO19 on 6th Jan 2012 (the point in this fic's timeline), as they changed name from the previous CO19 in Jan 2012, but their website doesn't specify the exact date. Also I believe, the team appearing in this scene should be the TST (Tactical Support Team)  that handle cases like terrorist threat etc. and contains the SFOs (Special Firearm Officers).
he thinks as he trots down the steps. He emerges at the bottom of the stairs with his head high, unashamed. Even if Sherlock regrets having sex with him, John doesn’t and he won’t pretend he does. Whatever their respective feelings, John is confident they’ll work through it somehow. They always do.
he thinks.
John tries to backtrack, but his words are rushed, and he stutters over his own tongue trying to cast reassurances. “No, Sherlock. I mean—
up.” He knows that he would be more likely to
John shakes his head. Sherlock hasn’t deduced it yet, then. Good. There's no way he's exposing himself any more than he already has. He's already been crying in front of the man, for God's sake.
Watson,” his voice dips low on the official title, and something funny happens in John’s stomach, like a tsunami of butterflies. Though Sherlock’s tone hasn’t noticeably varied from every other time he has casually spoken the name before, John discovers that while they lie in bed speaking in hushed voices, bodies close together, it sounds like Sherlock is saying something distinctly different.
“Listen, it’s been all paperwork for me too, it’s not like I’m out gallivanting the city without you,” Greg grumbles, shooting an irritated look back at him. He’s not in the right mindset for Sherlock’s capricious shite tonight. He starts to wonder why he even decided to drop by in the first place.
“...Okay.”
“Mm.”
“Just what?” Sherlock asks lowly. His mug lands with a dull clunk on the desk as he straightens his posture, and Mycroft sees his hand tremble very, very slightly as it comes away.
Dr. Watson stands cautiously, and walks over to where Sherlock stands suddenly frozen at the window to place a tentative hand on his shoulder. “Sherlock, calm down, it’s fine. I’d love to hear it again when it’s finished, okay? I really would.”
, brother dear. Not that you would know one from the massive stick permanently stuck up your arse.”
have a fresh case for you just yet.”
When he wakes in the morning, sheets rumpled on both sides of the bed, Sherlock is gone. John tries not to feel disappointed.
. Mummy had not been at all pleased, and eventually she had given up on it, and ceased asking either of them to play on holidays. For a time, Mycroft had wondered if Sherlock's prowess with the instrument was not what his music instructors claimed, and if that was why he so determinedly refused to play. But even though Sherlock was rarely known to practice outside of his music classes, on those nights Mycroft would hear him playing the songs alone in his bedroom when he believed the house to be asleep, a distinctly comfortable expertise in the way he coaxed sound from the violin that proved he had no difficulty at all with the instrument itself. It was perplexing even to Mycroft that his little brother had no issue showing off when it came to his intelligence, but kept his musical aptitude so wholly to himself. Soon enough though, Mycroft had gone off to Cambridge while Sherlock had fallen down a rabbit hole into drugs, and he had seldom had the inclination or the wherewithal to wonder over it since.
When they are both breathless and gasping, and pause to lean their heads against each other, John realizes that he feels more unconditionally at home right where he is, pressed up against this extraordinary madman, than he ever had in his own childhood house.
“John…? I’m...I’m fine,” Sherlock slurs. He tries to stand but doesn’t quite manage it, and John sighs in what looks like exasperated relief as he steadies his friend back onto the bed of the ambulance. “Yeah. Yeah, it’s me. And no, you’re not. We need to get you back to Baker Street and out of those wet clothes, Sherlock. Can you stand long enough to catch a cab?”
“Sherlock, are you dizzy? Do you think you could stand for me?” His voice is gentle, and as the paramedic replaces the gauze on his head with a fresh piece, John holds it in place and runs a hand soothingly over Sherlock’s shoulder, trying to rouse him.
He finds watching Sherlock and John interact at crime scenes intriguing, but watching them interact at home gives Greg a whole new perspective. They work in tandem here just as they do at work. John butters a bread stick and passes it over to Sherlock, while Sherlock sprinkles a precise amount of salt and pepper over his bowl as well as John’s. When John stands to rip a paper towel off the roll, and Sherlock opens his mouth as if to request one, John automatically rips off two and hands one over without even having to glance behind him. They are so attentive to each other, and don’t even seem to notice. Did they not realize that their behavior reached well beyond the limits of “best mates” status,  or did they just not care one way or the other? Having watched them interact in the comfort of their home all night, it’s even harder to believe than it was before that they aren’t a couple.
It’s impressive that it actually diverts Sherlock’s attention at all. He glances behind himself at John as if there’s a bug buzzing around his shoulder, curls bouncing with the sudden movement. “What
the ones where she asks him if he’s gay), but he hardly feels like he can do that now. Pain in his arse she may be, but she is still his sister. John sighs, counts to ten in his head. Takes another deep breath, then sets his fingers to the keyboard to type out one simple request. This isn't the type of thing they can discuss on the comments section of his blog, after all.
Sherlock's breath still bears down hot on his neck, and John is contemplating just throwing him off and making a run for it—when the distinct sensation of a tongue laving lazily at his pulse point about sends him off the deep end completely. His eyes bug out of his head, and his one free arm reaches around and grabs Sherlock's waist, hard enough to leave a mark, a stifled groan dying in his throat. Though this only seems to make the situation somehow
ever go his sodding way? John wakes sometime before the sun to a silent flat—all except for the sound of the slow, heavy breaths coming from the man beside him. Warm air tickles John's ear, and he cranes his neck carefully to see Sherlock sprawled over him—head on John's shoulder, arm slung over his chest, and one pajama-clad leg wrapped snugly around both of his. John's own arm is somehow fitted closely over Sherlock's lithe waist, fingers grazing a pale sliver of skin where his shirt has ridden up. Though that isn't what startles him the most in his post-sleep observations.
“Mm. Yes, just as you are an unbelievable idiot,” Sherlock snaps, but his voice lacks the usual scorn.
“I wasn’t in the water as long as Sherlock was,
Mycroft has always known that his own detached relationship with music differs quite a bit from his brother’s convoluted one, and he finds himself almost covetous of that ability now as he observes the contentedness in Sherlock’s body language as he sways in time with his own flowing composition. What it must be like, he thinks, to find such an absolute level of satisfaction in something as tedious and inconsequential as well-placed notes and chords. Mycroft himself doesn’t mind a bit of something classical playing in the background while he’s sat at his desk doing paperwork or pouring himself a nick of scotch, but it’s only just that with him--background. For Sherlock, it is something infinitely more. He has always seen it; the polar difference between them, the added depth present in his little brother, of which Mycroft unfailingly lacks; no matter how strongly Sherlock tries to deny his own humanity, he certainly possesses a more potent amount of it than Mycroft ever has.
John clicks on it, and the comments section for The Case of Extraterrestrial Espionage pops up, displaying the message
His long arms cross over his chest, and he hugs his dressing gown around him. It’s the blue one this morning, different from the red he wore last night. The blue one Sherlock wears when he’s in a strop and craves the overworn comfort of it.
“God yes,
out yet. Which can only mean—” Mycroft knows he is about to be caught out. Sherlock is going to turn around any second, march to the door, and throw it open. He must act quickly if he’s going to save any shred of his dignity.
Mycroft sputters at the sheer indecency, wishing again for a moment that Mummy were there to reprimand him. He briefly shuts his eyes and takes a deep breath. Sherlock is always able to bring out the most childish parts of his personality, and Mycroft always, always lets himself get caught up in a futile argument, which only ever serves to entertain his brother’s juvenile hunger for conflict.
“Ouch! Um, no, Mrs. H, not that I know of. Had a stack of cold cases that were piling up on my desk, is all. Thought I’d pop in and drop some off for ‘im. Figure he’s probably climbing the walls by now.” He gently pries the kitchen towel from her hand and sets to work on wiping the wetness from his hands and face. Mrs. Hudson tuts as if he’s somehow doing it wrong, but doesn’t protest. “Do you know if they’re in?”
Mycroft shakes his head politely in response, though his feet are throbbing from his extra time on the treadmill that morning. Sherlock scoffs, “You sit, John. Trust me, he doesn’t need to sit on his fat arse any more than he already does. I suppose if he really had to, he could sit on the floor like a dog.” He chuckles dryly at his own joke as he sips at his lukewarm tea.
, Mycroft thinks somewhat wryly, and continues on towards the door to 221. Sherlock had played better at eight years old, though he’d never have let on.
This close, he smells of rosemary with the faintest whiff of nicotine, John thinks dazedly. No heady cologne or posh scented hair products, just the muted scent of Sherlock fresh out of rumpled bed sheets, warm and encompassing. The scent alone seems to calm him substantially, and so in that moment he allows his forehead to rest guiltlessly on Sherlock’s shoulder, loosening his hold around the rest of him, but he doesn’t let go yet. “It felt
“Aw, bless their hearts,” Lestrade quips quietly beside her, and Sally cranes her neck to follow his gaze into the backseat. Oh, good Lord. She had thought it was oddly quiet, even with the benefit of Sherlock being unconscious. John has now fallen asleep as well, and his head rests on top of Sherlock’s where it still presses against John’s chest. His arms are still wrapped protectively around him, and now Sherlock’s own wiry arms have come to rest loosely around John’s waist as well, hands burrowing under his coat. There is a perturbed frown on John’s face, as if he’s still worried even in sleep. But both men’s breathing is deep and heavy, and she almost regrets having to wake them.
A car’s horn honks somewhere to his left, and Mycroft blinks several times in an attempt to clear his mind, safe from scrutinizing eyes in the backseat of the town car as it comes to a stop outside of his destination. He wonders why his mind has decided to betray him with this barrage of thoughts so suddenly (possibly because Mummy has been calling every day for the last week to badger him about coming ‘round for the upcoming holidays and it’s bringing up memories of years passed), but he pushes the dilemma resolutely away and lowers the partition.
for me, Sherlock, and it’s okay if you don’t feel the same for me, it really is, I just can’t keep this to myself any longer, and I—”
“Not at all, I have simply discovered that this is a waste of time. Your Miss Adler appears to have no interest in attending these miserable establishments as I have yet to see her even once, something I’m sure your minions have not failed to inform you. I believe it is time to re-evaluate your plan.” Sherlock began to play a slow melody on his violin, his mind reliving his moments at the club and the information he’d gathered looking for clues he might have missed.
Better.
Sherlock was still unimpressed however, ice play wasn’t something to get so excited about after all, at least he was until he saw the handheld blowtorch and the candles the dungeon master handed him next.
“Oh… well that’s different.” John spoke aloud before shaking himself from his stupor to resume his work, he supposed he had said he would meet the man outside of work if he practiced better self-care… John just hadn’t expected Sherlock to take the jibe sincerely.
“Pardon?” John replied, hastily limping forward the 3 large steps to the counter with the bored looking young man in his crisp white shirt and chocolate brown apron.
A few of the others nodded and began swapping stories about things they’d seen or heard of ‘Joe’ doing. Sherlock smiled, this man was becoming more of a puzzle by the moment and Sherlock thoroughly enjoyed puzzles.
The soldier leaned in and brushed his lips to her ear, eyes stilled locked on Sherlock’s, and whispered something the Detective couldn’t make out but he watched the shiver run down the woman’s spine as she practically melted in his arms. He lifted one hand, the one closer to the detective, and threaded into her hair under the hair-tie right at the base of her skull. Sherlock watched the woman lean into the touch like a cat until the ‘Captain’s’ fingers suddenly clenched and pulled her head down and back exposing her neck to him. The female didn’t struggle, merely mewled in submission to his strength as he placed his lips over her thrumming pulse and bit down. The woman sucked in a loud breath and went still before her body started to shake with obvious desire, at that point the soldier practically threw her to the ground as he got to his feet. Her eyes when she looked up at him were glazed with lust.
Mummy said that Sherlock was too stubborn to let his Grimm abilities fully develop, that to him it would be like cheating or taking the easy way out and Sherlock was forced to admit he agreed. Being able to see Wesen woge from fear upon seeing him, while mildly satisfying, would take half the fun out of his detective and Grimm work.
have, however—”
of it all.
, right there, means that Sherlock has decided to let down his defenses, called for the sentinels standing guard outside his mind palace to hold their fire. A gentle rumble of a chuckle that John adores slips from Sherlock’s lips before he sobers himself and lets out an unweighted sigh.
And oh, yes, John agrees with the dangerous part without doubt, but in way that’s completely different from the way people like Sally mean it. Sherlock is just the kind of dangerous that John needs.
“Oh,” Sherlock finally blinks, glances down at it. “No. Mrs. Hudson.”
This is one of those rare moments where John desperately wishes he were artistic enough to capture the image of him on canvas and keep it forever, because going by the overwhelmed look on his face, the distance he’s created between them on the bed—Sherlock is drawing a line, and John vows to himself right now to respect it, whatever it is. After all, this whole thing is his fault: letting Sherlock into his bed when John knew that his own hidden desires were likely to become an issue sooner rather than later. He's been found out. He’s been found out, Sherlock doesn’t feel the same (of course he doesn’t), and it’s over. He’s been anticipating it for awhile now, because Sherlock is just too insanely intelligent to never catch it; John is actually surprised he’s gotten away away with it this long.
“Great,” Dr. Watson says. “Tea?” he directs this towards Mycroft, who merely inclines his head with a wan smile of gratitude in response. Once the doctor has disappeared into the kitchen, he makes a move to sit in the seat across from his brother.
,” Sherlock exclaims throatily, and yanks John up to his level, greedily capturing his lips with a moan. John lets himself fall into the kiss, wonders if Sherlock can taste himself on his mouth. Using his own trick against him, Sherlock reaches almost spitefully below the waistline of John’s pants and gives an enticing pull, and feeling like a teenager again, John is already far closer to coming than he normally would be. John breaks away from the kiss and leans over to fumble through the second drawer of his nightstand for the small bottle of lube he keeps hidden there. Though living with Sherlock, he’s not sure why he even tries to hide things like this; the insufferable twat had probably known where it was hidden from the day John had bought it.
“John,” Sherlock whispers, and John can sense in his tone the confusion, the questions, the deductions dying to voice themselves and take over this perfect moment. But above all else is the yearning and the unfiltered lust present in his breathless baritone. For both of their sake, John decides it can wait.
“Oh.”
diatribes to rile her up and make her want to throw herself out of the car, she gives herself a moment to observe him for a change. He almost looks like a different person, face slack in sleep, shivering pathetically and curled into his doctor for warmth. And the way which John cares for him is blindingly obvious; he had stepped readily back into the role of army doctor for him tonight, barking orders and controlling the situation without hesitation.  If it were someone else, someone not so
“Wait—if he’s got a concussion, shouldn’t we be keeping him awake? Not letting him sleep?”
John nods exaggeratedly, giving him a distinctly sneaky look. “Oh, yeah. Homemade sauce and all. Be quite a shame tomorrow when Sherlock bins all those leftovers to make room for his experiments…Oh, well. Nothing to be done for it.”
“Because,” Dr. Watson grunts, levering himself back to his feet and glaring at them both in turn. Mycroft blinks, mildly offended by the accusatory look. “I’m not in the mood to watch you two bitch at each other over the threshold for the rest of the day. At least do it in the flat, for God’s sake.”
do, because it would be both immoral and impossible to do with Sherlock sleeping like dead weight on top of him. The arm around John's chest tightens infinitesimally as if he can sense the direction of his thoughts. Maybe the maddening genius actually could, somehow.
“Hush, go back to sleep. I’ll return in just a moment,” Sherlock chides gently, and John’s eyes force themselves closed again before he’s even stood up. It seems like hours have passed when he hears Sherlock come back into the room, though John knows he’s slipping indecipherably in and out of sleep, and it’s probably only been the matter of a few minutes. His eyes remain stubbornly shut, but he feels a damp, warm flannel carefully wipe up the mess on his stomach. He hears it being tossed down onto the nightstand with a wet slap, and Sherlock’s weight creates a dip in the mattress as he climbs back under the covers with him. John’s eyes flutter, and as he rolls towards him and settles against Sherlock’s chest, and he thinks dazedly that everything feels absolutely perfect. He sighs contentedly as Sherlock’s arm settles protectively over his shoulder. He can tell Sherlock had changed clothes while he was out of the room. The shirt under John’s cheek is softer than the one he wore before, and it smells comfortingly of Sherlock’s favored laundry softener.
Sherlock reluctantly moves aside to let him pass and makes his way towards the leather chair facing the one Dr. Watson sat in before. He sits as if lowering himself onto a throne, crosses his legs, and steeples his hands beneath his chin.
“Sherlock?” It's a whisper, hoarse and ragged, but still it sounds too loud in the empty silence of the living room. There is always some kind of noise at Baker Street even on nights like this; whether it be the sound of scant late night traffic on the street below, or the warbling song of a purposefully off-tune violin, or even the distant vibrations of Mrs. Hudson shifting around in the apartment downstairs. Tonight, the flat is filled with a desolate stillness that sends chills shivering down John’s spine at the sheer
John was staring into Sherlock’s eyes, looking—for lack of a better word—starstruck. Both of their chests had moved up and down rapidly, brushing up against each other with every labored breath. They were silent for a long while. John’s eyes had moved back and forth over Sherlock’s face, like he was searching for something, and had lingered quite blatantly on the other man’s lips. He’d taken a deep breath, then said, breathily, “Sherlock?”
The door to 221B sits slightly ajar, an unexpected warmth of light and sounds and smells drifting out into the hall. Lestrade hasn’t really been inside the flat very many times—and usually when he is there it’s only to pop in, tell Sherlock to get his arse to a crime scene—and pop out.The occasional drugs bust occurred only when he
But, before John can even attempt to extricate himself, Sherlock unconsciously shifts, his thigh inadvertently rubbing against John's lap as he gets more comfortable. John's whole body jerks, and he gasps with a mixture of helpless pleasure and discomfort. Squeezing his eyes shut and trying to think of something else—
Greg looks around, is again reminded of how painfully, nostalgically homey the flat is. He wonders if either of them even realize the impression given off by the atmosphere of the place—that it belongs solely to John and to Sherlock and nobody else. They might as well have posted a sign outside the door barring anyone else’s entrance—like little kids hanging a
To his great surprise, John finds that his own aforementioned “
Surprisingly, after a momentary staring contest with Greg’s coat under which the files are stored (how does he know?), Sherlock huffs dramatically and walks with heavy footfalls back to his chair across from John’s. He falls into it moodily, and Lestrade swears he hears him muttering something about not knowing who “this mysterious
“Pretending that I’m not as madly in love with you as I actually am.”
He pushes the intrusive thoughts aside, and reaches into the side of his coat, grasps the files. “What I
“Now, there’s you, Sherlock,” he repeats, voice shaking imperceptibly. “And I realized almost straight away that I would do just about anything to keep you. Whether or not that means being with you the way I truly want to be...or just being your best friend and pretending that I’m not…” his voice falters, and for a second he’s genuinely afraid he might pass out. The words are stuck like pebbles in his throat.
, made for the two of them and by the two of them.
“I love you too.”
Hastily he steps back into the doorway before they notice his presence, and knocks loudly on the doorjamb. He feels an inexplicable heat rise in his cheeks as both men’s heads snap up to focus their attention on him. He feels strangely guilty, as if he’d just walked in on them snogging or something. Which is a ridiculous notion. Greg blinks at the floor. Or at least it used to be.
Thank you guys for the love! I hope you enjoy this next chapter just as much. And yes, the name "Caffrey" is a reference to White Collar lol.
“Not gay,” Sherlock clips out, and John blinks at him.
“Git. Never mind, then.”
Greg wonders when it became customary to refer to John and Sherlock as a “they”, as if the pair of them were one entity with two different heads or something. A funny picture of the two as conjoined twins pops into Greg’s head and he has to fight hysterical laughter as Mrs. Hudson confirms that yes, they are in fact in their flat, and permits his passage up the stairs. In his head, conjoined John and Sherlock topple in a violently bickering heap to the ground, both having been trying to run in different directions at once. He really has to lay off the caffeine and get more sleep, Greg thinks to himself, shaking his head; he’s turning into a right basket case.
Sherlock rolls his eyes theatrically, but there’s a soft smile undeniably present on his lips. “You know I loathe repetition, John.”
“Yes, yes, already on it,” Sherlock interrupts, and the obnoxious volume of the television is lowered to an understated murmur of background noise.
The smell emanating from the flat now is much different, though, and thankfully there is no obvious shouting or stomping to be heard among the various other noises coming from inside. Sherlock must not be in a strop today then—or if so, it’s a blessedly quiet one. He glances at his watch as he pushes the door open—God, was it really six already? No wonder he was losing it—he hadn’t eaten anything since nine o’clock that morning.
“Very well, sir,” Jameson nods, and restarts the car, presumably in preparation to drive around the block once or twice more while he waits.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock doesn't actually answer, only readjusts his pillow and gets more comfortable. He takes an audibly deep breath, and when it comes out in an exhale his shoulders are relaxed, finally. Decision made, then.
John silently observes him awhile longer, eyes trying to fall closed every few minutes. He can feel his own breathing getting heavier, but notices that Sherlock’s isn’t. He still seems unrelaxed if not tense, and though John knows he’s likely just deep in thought, he doesn’t like the small, edgy frown on his face. Can't fall asleep knowing it’s there. He reaches a hand out, tentatively, and grips Sherlock's wrist. His hands are cold. “Thank you,” he whispers, nudging closer and adjusting his grip down to reach the soft slightly warmer skin of Sherlock’s hand. “You do help.”
There is a long silence in which Mycroft stands completely still, wary of any wayward creaking floorboards which might give away his hidden position behind the door. Then, Dr. Watson chuckles in a few nervous sounding puffs of breath, breaking the silence. “Go on and embarrass yourself a little more, John,” he mutters self-consciously to himself. He sighs heavily and looks at the floor before continuing, but his voice is still clear and strong. “Yeah, okay. Not that you don’t already know this, but, simply put...you’re amazing, Sherlock. I think you’re probably the most remarkable human being I’ve ever known if I’m being completely honest. You must know that.”
John’s voice is all no nonsense and limitless patience, as if he’s talking to an unruly toddler. “Leave. Greg. Alone. Stop harassing him, and
“Good morning.” Sherlock’s eyes still haven’t flinched from their position, and in the full daylight it’s only a little unnerving. Even as good as John has gotten at reading Sherlock, his expression now is expertly impervious even to him. He points to the breakfast-laden tray next to Sherlock on the table, still halted in the entrance to the kitchen. Surely Sherlock hadn’t become so domesticated overnight.
he is.  “
John feels trapped like a rat in some sort of strange sex experiment, unable to escape the bed
So, less reluctantly than he would ever admit aloud, with a small smile he hopes Sherlock can't see from across the room, John walks back towards his bed. Fondly, John tells him to budge up and shoves in next to him, and pretends not to savor the feeling of their legs pressed briefly up against each other under the covers on the too small mattress. Sherlock hums in content. It's different, this. When it's just he and Sherlock in the middle of the night, a world away from everybody else. There is a distinct lack of posturing and pretense here, in their private little moments, that John thinks he rather enjoys. They lie in comfortable silence for a few moments, before John gets up the courage to speak. “Sherlock...can I ask you something?”
end up in this shit predicament; so he doesn't realize that Sherlock plans to push past him and crawl into his bed until he's actually already done it, and John is left standing dumbfounded in the doorway.
, to tirelessly plead with him before they finally turned with big, rejected eyes to Mycroft.
know his first name after so many years, he thinks irritably. The prick had stolen his police ID just the week before—had he not even bothered to read it?! He makes himself stop that train of thought and take a deep breath.
“I saw you there, in such danger, and I was so genuinely
As for the spag bol, Greg doesn’t think he’s ever devoured a bowl of it so quickly. It’s the perfect combination of savory sauce, spice, and decadent pasta. He asks after the recipe, and John tells him that it was his grandmum’s, passed down through generations. He goes on to explain the concerning level of madness Sherlock had reached after so long without a proper case, and how John had thought it the perfect distraction to teach him one of the few things he didn’t know how to do, which was cook anything (food-wise) that didn’t require a microwave. When he freely admits to having had the urge to push Sherlock out of the living room window earlier in the day, Sherlock takes a break from eating to stick his tongue out at him. Greg chuckles bemusedly at them, and tries not to gape too openly at Sherlock’s empty bowl once he’s finished it. He doesn’t think he has ever seen Sherlock eat that much at once. Or eat that much in a week, come to think of it.
, John, anything.”
Mycroft pulls himself out of the memory with a shake of his head, and purposefully blocks the ones suddenly trying to force themselves upon him; the darker memories of his brother laid out in the cold dinginess of overused drug dens, deathly still and pale, with a dirty needle still hanging precariously out of his forearm. It had not been all that long ago when that was their reality, and he finds himself constantly on edge waiting for a relapse. Mycroft has never found himself to be a sensitive or squeamish man, but the constant worry he feels for Sherlock when those images come to mind is the kind of thing that keeps him awake at night. And not even the Korean elections had been able to do that.
Sherlock stares at the ceiling, but John sees—he isn't sure how but he sees the defensiveness starting to recede from his eyes, the metaphorical bridge being lowered over the metaphorical moat. John restrains himself from reaching out a hand to grab Sherlock's, settles for brushing a bare foot against his under the covers and passing it off as an accident. “Come on, I
he thinks to himself.
Sherlock looks at him bemusedly, tilts his head to the side. “Like…?”
“Oh, what’s the matter now, Detective? Has Sherlock done something?” Her voice brims with a kind of exasperated motherly concern, and Greg ducks his head as she becomes a little more forceful with the towel.
(See the end of the chapter for
He can see that Sherlock's eyes are clearer as well, the tired bags that had been under his eyes last night gone, as well as the tremor in his hands. The resigned defeat that had seemed set into the line of his shoulders is absent now too, replaced back by his usual wild gestures and easy, confident posture.
When Mycroft steps out of the town car and onto the pavement thinly veiled with snow, there is the tempting smell of cinnamon and apple coming from the cafe just in front of him, and a young, frayed looking violinist playing “Joy to the World” just up on the corner of Baker Street, his case open expectantly at his feet.
John’s hand fumbles for his wrist across the ruined sheets and his lips curl down into a frown. “Mmm. Where d’ya think you’re going?”
Mycroft stands with a sigh, straightening his waistcoat absently. “Suppose I shall leave it to you, then. Best of luck, Dr. Watson,” he says gravely. “I’ll speak with you later, Sherlock.” Unsurprisingly, he receives a moody huff in return and nothing more.
“Like conjoined twins, aren’t they?” Lestrade comments, and there’s a smile on his face like he has a private joke with himself. She shoots him a thoroughly perplexed look, feels her world view tilt as she watches John turn his key in the lock and stumble with his lanky detective through the doorway.
