Tony's face broke into a grin.  "Yeah. I got all the classics and you're gonna sit through every single one.  Starting with ones from your era. Miracle on 34th Street, 1947. It's a Wonderful Life, 1946.  Then the ones from mine. A Christmas Story was '83... oh, and I've got Nightmare Before Christmas, you'll like that one.  Plus Grinch, Elf, and Home Alone. All necessary viewing."
a fight, people slipped into certain mentalities. Steve himself was guilty of it.  But the guy in front of them now felt like exactly the same man who'd been all shoulder pats and smiles around Steve during their tour a few days ago. And Steve didn't... like it.
thrilled with that one... oh!  And everyone applaud Rex, thanks for holding up all those sexy diagrams for me, Rex..."
"How can you not like kids? They're adorable," Steve said, holding Lila like it was second nature. He knew Tony didn't want children, and he was okay with that...but that didn't mean Steve couldn't secretly maybe get a little broody. Also, the fact that Clint managed to work for SHIELD and have kids, and a family...that was inspiring. But Tony didn't want children. So it didn't matter.
He'd already scheduled a phone meeting with a professor of Alpha-omega relations studies from MIT, hoping to get a crash course in what was happening to him.
Tony ignored her, only because his mouth was full of turkey and he couldn't have gotten out a retort if he wanted to.
"...let's say maybe to the platinum one and go shop around some more," suggested Tony, handing Kitty the half-drunk glass.  "...and maybe we should talk about... about what we're really looking for, y'know?"
Tony grinned and reached up to cup Steve's face, stroking it with his thumb.  Slowly, he reached behind Steve's ear. "...may I?" he ventured. He wasn't usually so
"So...my bike is at the base, because you drove me home yesterday," Steve turned to face Tony and squeezed his hand. "Plan B?"
"Maybe we should go. See what kind of Alphas are there, what discipline counts as...but we can sit near the back, so if we wanna leave we can," Steve hummed. He certainly didn't want Frond to recognize them or try to call them out. She sounded like the kind of woman who liked a project. And Steve undeniably presented a very big challenge for someone in her line of work.
"Steve," he whispered longingly, reaching out to grab the blond's hips and wriggle into him.  He didn't know how it was for omegas-- no knot-- but for him, it was hard not to cum immediately once he'd gotten the knot into Steve.  "Wanna cum.  ...
Steve hooked his foot around his ankle and twisted it around to just the point of breaking it, but not quite. "
"Hi, what can I get you?" asked the bartender, then she did a double-take.  "You look exactly like Tony Stark."
Dr. Gleason looked surprised, then quickly masked it.  "Male omegas have a unique reproductive tract, different than women's.  They have a cloaca, not a vagina.  They're completely different."
"Excellent question... who asked that... ahh, Kevin, I should've known!  ...you know, you're not the first person to ask that.  And the question is quite simple."  He paused.  Everyone stared at him, waiting for the answer.  "...ta-da," said Tony finally.
thought Tony grimly.  He could remember all too well the  conversation they'd had after the press conference two years ago.
Despite being sweaty and tired Donner was almost glowing now. Steve had never seen him so happy before.
, by the way, I love you even if you hate black licorice.  But you'd better not.  Naw, seriously, it's fine if you do."  Tony nosed the back of Steve's neck, running his hands up and down Steve's forearms.
"Well.... yeah," said Tony awkwardly.  "I'm gonna go... over there now. Nice to meet you guys."  He tugged Steve's hand. He need to get the fuck away from this couple.
Steve ran the water hot, figuring it would help soothe Tony's ankle. And his ribs needed it too. They were a tiny bit sore, but mostly healed. The burns had left thin white scars but they weren't noticeable unless you were looking for them. Steve knew he would be.
Steve fell back asleep almost instantly, all of his energy being put into fighting the infection.  After all, they hadn't given him any antibiotics; there was doubts about the kind of dosage he would need, how he would react, and if it was worth the risk.  Captain America was the only one like him.  In the end, they agreed to let the serum do its job and not intervene unless his condition worsened.
"There's twenty-six bases, right? How many are within a reasonable driving distance of Moscow?  We get the flight data. We know there were at least four people involved, right?" He tapped the monitor. "There was the Winter Soldier, who isn't exactly inconspicuous, what with the freaky Inspector Gadget arm, plus three others, plus Steve.  But they couldn't have just put Steve on a commercial flight... unless they found some way to drug him and throw him into the cargo hold... anyways, what I'm getting at is, any outgoing flights would have data, like how many passengers and what kind of cargo.  We can rule out any planes with less than three passengers and probably all of the big commercial liners, but we'll check the baggage logs, see what's Steve-sized and where it's going, plus ID any private liners... we can at least start eliminating some of these bases.  Probably not all. But we can at least narrow it down. If there's a base in Italy and no Moscow flights heading to Italy with Steve-sized cargo, then we cross it off the list."
"I never let him--" Steve didn't finish that sentence, pressing his lips into a thin line.  "This isn't the same Stark, you know that right? Howard and Tony. They're different people. I would never have let Howard bond me; guy was a jerk." He smiled almost sadly. "But then all guys were jerks back then."
"Great, sounds like a party," said Tony, taking a swig from his bottle.  Pepper's lips tightened a little and she set a glass on the counter in front of him a little harder than necessary.
"Don't say that," Steve mumbled and pulled away. He curled in on himself, legs against his chest and frowned deeply as he rested his chin on his knees. He frowned at the floor. "Don't..." Doubt curled in Steve's gut. Maybe it was true. Maybe Tony just thought it would be funny to claim Captain America: the one thing his dad had wanted but could never have. Maybe that's why he was so frustrated with Steve; he didn't actually want to be bonded to--
When he matched his breaths with Steve's, though, he found himself in the eye of the storm.  Steve was the answer.  Steve was the rock, the anchor.  Steve's body was warm under his and as he relaxed on top of him, he began to feel drowsy.  He stifled a yawn and put his lips on Steve's neck, kissing him softly, sucking one last bruise onto him.  "Mine," he mumbled.  Half-word, half-growl, said only half-consciously.
"Heroes are men who sacrifice.  You and I, we've made sacrifices.  You know, it's not as if I didn't want a wife, when I was a younger man.  Perhaps children. But I gave that up for this--" He gestured broadly. "--for HYDRA, for what I believe in.  It will be a perfect world, someday. No one will be unhappy. Have you been unhappy, since we trained you?"
He dreamt of the cave, of the coppery taste of blood and the sounds of men being tortured, of the small, neat stitches Yinsen made when he closed wounds.
"We found most of him.  The suits self-destructed.  Four confirmed causalities, about three dozen injuries.  ...you okay, Tony?"
like an Alpha, Sam was a threat; clearly he was here to encroach on Tony's territory, take what was his, steal his omega.
"Steve," Pepper sent him a long, hard look. "I hope you're not thinking what I think you're thinking. But don't do it. There's just some people you don't want to piss off and
Bucky was blank. Like there wasn't a real person there. Like Steve could only see flickers. But every time he saw a flicker his heart seized in his chest. It was hope. Hope that Bucky would remember, hope that Bucky would get him out of here.
"Doctor Gleason would like to know if he could come upstairs soon to check Steve over?" JARVIS' voice chimed over head, breaking the quiet of the moment.
Steve wiped at his neck and rolled his eyes. "Yes. I'm going for Miss United States in hopes of pissing off Fury more than I already have," he hummed bemusedly. He hesitated a moment before pushing off his jeans too. It wasn't like Tony was decent right now and Steve wanted to get comfortable. But still,
He did turn around for Tony, trying not to blush as badly as he would have usually done. Turning bright red certainly wouldn't do him any favors right now. Steve looked over his shoulder to see Tony stroking himself and felt a sharp tug of arousal in his belly. The way his Alpha was looking at him was...
"I was wondering what kind of fund raiser you were planning on doing," Banksy piped up. "You've got a lot of options."
When Tony had woken to find the bed empty, every protective instinct in his body had kicked in and he'd assumed the worst.  Steve was dead, or kidnapped, being tortured and raped by HYDRA, had been stolen away by Bucky... Tony was shaking with panic even though it had only taken him a minute to tear out of bed and downstairs.  His hackles had risen and adrenaline was pumping; the brief moment of separation from his mate, not knowing where Steve was, had evoked a primal response and he was struggling to calm down.
Tony's eyes lit up.  "Yes! Yes, I'll do that!  Take me back to the hotel! No, wait!  Keep driving! Send someone to go get my laptop!  They can meet us en route! ...that way!" He pointed to a random direction.
Steve wandered to bed like a zombie, threw his jacket on the floor, and passed out before hitting the pillow  Tony wondered if he should take off Steve's clothes, like how Pepper would have done for him, but he didn't want to risk waking Steve up, so instead, he took off his own clothes and crawled into bed, pulling Steve's arm around him, cuddling up to his fully clothed body.  He was unsettled and despite how tired he was, he found himself lying awake, listening to Steve breathing.  He hated the idea of everyone in SHIELD seeing what Steve had.  The childhood he'd tried to forget, the torture in the cave, the humiliation... at least he could say, though, that he hadn't let them win.  At least he had that.
He dressed to go running and made toast for breakfast, half of it set by Tony's bedside and smothered in Nutella, before he went out. There was a few other joggers by the beach but that was it and they paid him no heed. The sun was up and the breeze was nice and cool. Steve relished it.
The windows were tinted and, feeling secure that no one was watching them except for Happy, Tony pulled Steve down onto the back seat and draped himself over him.  The feeling of Steve's body under him, warm and breathing steadily, his chest moving up and down, was comforting.  This was all Tony had really wanted, all night, was to cover his mate.  Happy, driving, was discreet; he kept his eyes on the road.  Tony had done a lot worse in the back seats of cars before.
If anyone else in the world had pinned him, he would have been losing his mind.  But Steve was different.  Tony didn't know why or how.  He just was.  Everything Steve did seemed fun, playful, personal, special.  The pressure on Tony's hand felt wonderful.  Tony was practically melting against the fridge.  Steve was so strong, so ridiculously strong.
." At some point Steve's knees had stopped holding out and he ended up laid out on the bed with Tony plastered over him.
me. It's like...they just won't let me be happy. After everything, they j-just..." Steve screwed his eyes shut. "...why won't they leave me
"...what sort of special thing did you have in mind?" he asked, nosing Steve's hair as he stared at the--
The way Tony teased at his hole had him practically quivering. Steve was a desperate mess and he couldn't stop letting out small, high-pitched little sounds every time Tony dove back in for more.
"I-- sorry-- I think it's catching up to me," he mumbled.  He caught a whiff of something underlying grease and blood and singed hair.
, all the jealousy and the pain of every time Bucky went off with some other girl and just simply ignored him...Steve couldn't deal with that reality in his head. That Bucky would feel that and wouldn't care and didn't do anything about it.
Clint remained silent beside Fury, looking stoic as ever. Natasha stepped right up to Tony and gestured to the diner door. She put on her sweetest smile, but something deadly shimmered under the surface of her toothy grin. "After you, Mr. Stark,” she said, a command hidden under the guise of a polite gesture.
"...he seems... enthusiastic," she observed, crossing her arms across her chest.  Steve knew from his own experience that the tests started easy and got harder.  There was a reason the psych eval was the very last one; it was the hardest and had the highest rate of failure.
Richard reappeared to check on Donner. He went over him, smiling broadly. "Still looking good Donner. Hang in there. How're you liking Breaking Bad?"
"You spotted Sitwell when no one else did though. Good spy work," Sam said, trying to lighten the mood. "I know Nat was impressed secretly."
It bounced off the wall, bounced off a desk, and then hit the model shield Steve had set on the floor, spinning around it, like a little planet in orbit.
more than anything else right now. Steve moved to kiss his forehead and then not so subtly pushed the bowl in front of him, clearly expectant.
Steve was not happy when she mentioned Bucky. Also, Frond got it wrong. Bucky didn't withhold all affection, just sex! He still cuddled Steve, still slept next to him, kissed him if he was lucky... well, when he behaved himself.
(Confused about the rabbit?  Don't worry, you're not alone.  Check out Chapter 15 if you need a hint.  Or just hold tight, because Tony is going to explain his motivation in a chapter or two.)
There had to be a solution.  One that didn't involve letting eighteen sheltered, unwilling people have their innocence ruined.
Where the hell was Karpov?  Where the hell was his omega?  He had never felt more alone in his life; this was worse even than retraining sessions in that damned chair.
"Take out all of the HYDRA members that are with you out ,and I get you somewhere safe. I can look after you and your sister. Without a means to an end," Steve breathed. "I mean it."
"Whatever you want, Steve," said Tony gently.  "You're doing the best you can and it's pretty damn good, okay?  And I'm happy with it. You're not failing me, okay? Seriously, I'm so glad you're here and that we're together.  It's okay to be confused and stuff. We're both figuring stuff out. It's fine, whatever, you know? We're still the world's biggest power couple, we're still Tony goddamn Stark and Captain America."  He huffed a little and lay down on the bed next to Steve.
He wondered how often Bucky lay on top of Steve.  It was a natural position for an Alpha to want to take, to cover an omega's body with his own.  But how could Bucky had stood lying on top of Steve, sexless, with Steve's scent calling to him?  Did they do it clothed? Tony did not understand their bond and doubted he ever would.
Most of his face was concealed by goggles and a mask (a muzzle?) over his mouth.  What few features were visible were blurry, as if Steve was seeing them from underwater.
you to go there.  Call SHIELD up, tell them I'll go, I've been upgrading the suit anyway, it'll be better if it's me."
"Hello, Yasic," said Karpov wearily.  Yaroslav was a young man, a lieutenant generally well-liked by the rest of HYDRA.  Karpov found him to be obnoxious and childish, not serious enough.
As Tony kissed over his cheeks Steve curled his legs around him, the heels of his feet digging into the dip of the other's back and drawing the Alpha in impossibly more. Steve groaned and threw his head back, his thighs trembling with the effort of  it all.
Gleason shrugged helplessly.  "We're doing the best we can, but... his body is resistant to most medications.  Short of poisoning him, we can't really guarantee he won't get pregnant."
On the day of their actual anniversary, June first, Tony took Steve out to eat and set a small black box on the table between them.
.  We'll be doing a sweep of the whole building for people and extricating those people.  Once a room is cleared, you put police tape across the entryway. Two lines in an X. Everyone grab a roll.  Some of you have been outfitted with bodycams; if you do not have a bodycam, please make sure to get a hand-held recorder.  You can record anything you want but don't touch a damn thing. Do not engage with any of the staff on site. Do not touch them, do not talk to them, do not answer their questions.  Do not ask any of the omegas any leading questions that could compromise, influence, or alter their testimonies; do not offer them anything except water. Your job is to bring everyone back here and the less you say, the better.  If any media is present, do not engage, do not talk to them. Leave any and all confrontations to law enforcement only. Is everyone crystal-clear on that?" Judy looked around. She was tiny was commanded a strong presence. Everyone was nodding.
"...sometimes," said Pietro cautiously.  He turned his head back to stare at the sky.  "But our first goal really must be Stark. He needs to pay for what he's done."
"I have a mission. They've called for me." Steve said quietly. "Just a HYDRA base, nothing big. It's a research lab. Natasha will be coming too, I imagine, if that... makes it any better," he murmured and his gaze dropped down to the floor briefly before he braved Tony's facial expression.
"Steve, I'm so sorry," he muttered.  "I'm sorry I... freaked out earlier, about... about the mission, I didn't realize it was gonna be like this... actually I did, come to think of it, SHIELD's simulations, I
Irshad leaned in to Steve and Tony conspiratorially.  "I'm sorry for your loss.  I think it's very brave of you to come here through it."
Tony focused on getting Steve out of his clothes and into a tux.  His let his entire concentration be absorbed by the task.  It made it a lot easier to handle when Steve pulled off his shirt and he saw the bruises.  He paused for a moment and then went back to it, methodically, carefully buttoning Steve up.  Steve's movements were all too stiff.  The bandage on his leg looked white and clean.
Oh, Tony was intrigued by that.  But Donner was edging away uncomfortably and Tony felt a stab of pity for him, and didn't press it.
"He..." Sitwell laughed and ran a hand over his face. He sounded manic. "He said he knew because I didn't like him! Can you believe that?"
There was no bite in his words.  Tony's brain was running at full capacity to try to figure things out.  This wasn't rocket science, and that was the problem. Tony
.  His mind was blissfully empty and he was completely, utterly focused on the slight movements of the steering wheel, twisting around curves, avoiding other cars, the only sound the buzzing roar of engines.  This had been a good decision.  A
Tony stifled a yawn.  His own bed, his own house, his own omega... all of it together was making him sleepy.  The toll of the previous day was catching up to him.  His ankle was throbbing.  "Steve, can you get me a drink before bed?" asked Tony, giving Steve a gentle push.  The fact that it was only mid-afternoon was inconsequential; exhaustion was taking hold of him.
." Steve frowned and Aria appeared beside Pepper, a hand on her friend's arm before she could protest any further.
... good Steve..." murmured Tony, reaching up to brush another lock of damp blond hair off of Steve's forehead.  Steve was breathing deeply, flushed, looking dazed but happy.  Tony gave him a tender kiss on the forehead, automatically, before draping himself over him, needing a few moments to compose himself before he got up to clean up.  "You did so good..." he whispered.  "That was amazing... I love you, Steve..."
"Okay.  Fine. Sure.  Stay together," said Tony.  He gave Steve a sidelong look.  They'd have to radio in this pair later.
There was a glint of metal under the stretch of the light from the arc reactor. But it was gone as quickly as it appeared.
Tony sank further down into the bed; he'd kept his clothes on.  "Never mind. It's my fault you went to him. I shouldn't have pushed you with the mating, or the collars, or... or noticed Pepper.  M'sorry. I'm going to bed now. Good-night." He finished off the wine and set the empty bottle on the floor by the bed, then rolled over, closing his eyes.
"What, like an escort?" said Ron, laughing.  "Tony Heartbreaker Stark's asking me to set him up?  ...you're a riot, Tony, really!" He slapped Tony on the back and Tony felt thoroughly annoyed; he was hoping Ron would introduce him to Bennett, but clearly, that was hoping for too much.  "Oops, your spade wandered off again... looks like Eric's got him!"
to how my name is pronounced- kidding, kidding. No, we love Cap- he's great.  Isn't he great?  Actually, that's exactly why I'm up here today.  Not just to thank you all for making this Expo the biggest event of the year- thank you, by the way-" The crowd cheered.  "-but to formally announce my personal support for the ongoing omega rights movement, headed by Steve Rogers, who, some of you may know, was also acquainted with my father.  Stark Industries has a long history of supporting omega equality and we're going to continue to do so.  I'm behind this guy-" he gestured to Steve, "-every step of the way.  As an ally, and a patriot, and a friend."  He paused.  "...and also as his mate.  As his Alpha."
Clint slid an arm around her waist.  "He just got here. ...Steve, this is Laura, my wife.  And the mother of my children." It didn't escape Steve that, if Laura was their mother, then that must mean Clint was their father.  That he was acting as the head of the household, that he was acting as a man, that he wasn't being cast into the usual role of a house omega.
"It's my birthday!" he said groggily, getting up and stumbling.  One of his feet was asleep; he shook it out. "HEY, CHARLIE! IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!" he hollered at the cockpit.
Steve wanted to cry when Tony wrapped his arms around him. "This...this is normal?" he sniffed and actually felt better at that. He hadn't talked about this with Gleason or Brennan. He hadn't realised that this would be a problem. Maybe that was stupid of him. Had it tasted bad for Bucky too...? Probably not. He'd been going into heat at the time, hadn't he? Maybe once he went through a heat with Tony they could sort all this out. Maybe...
"Look at him!  Look at him, he's obviously guilty!" said Tony, slamming a fist against the glass hard enough to produce a bang that caused Jasper to jump in his seat.
Pepper rose to get it.  She set it by the entrance of the nest and Phil's hand snaked out to retrieve it.  Steve looked over the elaborate den with undisguised interest; it honestly looked quite cool but Steve didn't dare take a look inside of it until their heats were over. He didn't want Phil to think he was intruding, or anything.
their omegas there to boss around," said Tony, in the first coherent sentence since his freak-out in the shower.
He took a few steps back, wanting to find its source, but it was gone.  He took a few steps forward, turned, cocked his head.  Nothing.  He took a step to the side.  Had he imagined it?
Steve was woken up by a pang of arousal that tugged low and deep in his gut. His Brooklyn drawl crept back out when he spoke. "Why don't you take a picture? It'll last longer." Then his eyes fluttered open to land on Tony who was watching him. A sleepy smile found its way on Steve's lips. He had actually used that line a hell of a lot in the forties. People would stare at him
"...if I can... take... then I'd really like to start sleeping naked again," said Tony.  His eyes flicked up. "No pressure to do anything. I just... I hate wearing clothes in bed.  Do you have any idea the thread count on these sheets? ....wearing clothes is so weird. I like being naked, you know that."  Another hesitancy, and then, almost at a whisper, Tony said, "And maybe... someday... if you didn't mind... you could wear a collar for me?  Just for the night, in the bedroom?"
Malick ignored him.  "And don't tell me you're not making this about status.  Your little speech was all about omegas and equality. Here's the reality, Stevie: omegas aren't equal.  And it's a damned shame to tell them that because once you put ideas in their heads, they spend the rest of their lives trying to achieve things they can't and they're unhappy.  You know how you get a happy omega? You break them in young, make sure they know their place, and then treat them as nature intended."
Steve was still shaking visibly. He'd never felt so disgusted in his entire life. It just kept getting worse. They'd thought the auction on tonight was bad enough, and now this... this was the kind of shit SHIELD would deal with. Steve didn't want a bring a load of lawsuits against the kind of people who would abuse and mutilate these abandoned omegas. He wanted to hunt them down and
Slowly, Natasha rose and offered Steve her hand.  She and Clint's relationship had always been something they'd had to tread lightly around, especially since she was a female Alpha and he was a male omega.  They'd always maintained a level of professionalism but, nonetheless, had occasionally experienced derision and prejudice from high ups who felt their bond could compromise missions.  Fury's words weren't pleasant.  But they were ruthlessly true.
But Bucky must think he was dead, if Bucky was alive.  Assuming Bucky, at his age, was even still mentally fit.  Who knew?
"Needless to say, your work with SHIELD is over.  Even if you hadn't pulled that little Yemen stunt, the fact remains that an omega bonded to the assassin of an extremist fringe group is a liability we can't keep around.  No matter how pretty that omega is, or how much Fury enjoys having him around."
Lila copied the sign, which was awkward, as she was still holding the dinosaur, then tapped he thumb against her head.  Clint smiled and stuck out his thumb, index finger, and pinkie in the symbol that looked vaguely like a "rock on" gesture.  Lila giggled and copied it.
It's not that he was psychic; rather, JARVIS had been trying to get him and Steve up since 6:00 AM.  First it was because of a phone message from JARVIS. Steve had gotten a rather rude awakening from Gideon.
Banksy returned a few minutes later, grabbed Steve (pointing out that Steve had promised him a breakfast for coming over the night before), and dragged him into another room. 'Breakfast' apparently consisted of the leftover doughnuts from last night (and a brusque "get in!").
Tony rolled off Steve, shedding his clothes and tugging at Steve's.  X always made him want to get naked. Not that he ever needed much encouragement.
Donner shook his head adamantly.  "He was at the conference and we talked twice but I don't know him; he's not my friend; I'm a
"Is this the sex thing again?" Steve looked like he wanted the floor to eat him alive.  Aria bit back a smile.
"...I don't think he can, either," said Clint, glancing into the interrogation room.  Sitwell had succumbed to unconsciousness and was lying prone on the floor.
Lydia was watching him closely. She was a beta. Or Steve thought she was...he couldn't really tell, actually but he assumed that if she was an omega then she would be wearing some of the merchandise like the waitress.
"Bike," said Tony immediately.  "What is that, a Triumph?"  He stuck his hand out automatically for the keys, then realized Steve planned on driving.
Steve couldn't really argue with that. If Tony wanted to buy his birthday treat through blow jobs then Steve certainly
Thompson, actually," he said.  "Yes, I'd like to enroll my daughter in your school.  I was recommended by a Mr. Gene Bennett, perhaps you've heard of him?  ...he gave me Ms. Turner's card but, regrettably, I was unable to get more information from him... there was some unpleasant business that interrupted our conversation, you see."
"You got it," said Clint, grinning.  He looked up and caught Steve's eye. "...this is my son," he said.
, he thought, thinking of Jeff and Brent's twins and how the little drooly thing had been handed to him.  Ugh. Babies.
"We've got most of this situation under control," said Councilwoman Hawley, "But we're relying on this next hour to go smoothly.  Excuse me, Mr. Stark, you can't wear that pin."
"I'm not trying to get rid of you...I'm just saying that if you don't want to come you don't have to. This is up to you Tony."
Karpovs plowed on with his story.  "I couldn't reach far enough.  There were too many targets.  They were mad about the man in the car even though I completed my objective.  He said something to me.  I didn't want to go back to the chair.  I tried to grab his hand but it was too far."
He was almost immediately disappointed.  He wasn't sure what he expected, exactly.  Something a lot more threatening than some skinny blond breeder.  He was expecting a tough Alpha guy in tactical gear waving a gun.  This guy practically looked homeless.  He peeked over his mother's shoulder; she shooed him back.
"Congratulations, by the way, you're in charge now.  Use your accounting wizardry and make it happen."
Tony couldn't smell very well in the helmet and he was thanking his lucky stars for that, because he could see, in the gleam of the fluorescent lights, that Steve was already sweating, and he could feel Steve's emotions, the bubbling desire, the desperation.
"--and now we can make more, we don't need him anymore, we have the serum and we can produce an entire army.  Please, doctor, don't be so sentimental.  It's embarrassing."
"Hey, I died," Steve pointed out with a soft laugh. "I earned a bit of favouritism, don't you think?" He pointed out and realised he was drawing circles over Tony's bicep with his fingertip without even noticing. It felt natural. Being his close to him. It felt
Steve knelt down next to him. "Listen. They're gonna have to take you in.  Get X-Rays, MRIS, do a rape kit, saw off that chain--" Trickshot suddenly looked alarmed. "I'm going to call your brother, okay? Don't worry. We're taking everyone back to the same place. We will find you again."
Tony had finished shredding his coffee cup and was now fiddling with his fingers in his lap, stealing glances at Steve often.
The discomfort wasn't going away.  Tony made a beeline for the outdoor bar and grabbed himself a bottle; suddenly, he was hit with a series of memories.  Jarvis, pulling one of Howard's arms around his shoulders and hauling him to bed with grim determination; Jarvis, pressing a cool washcloth to Howard's forehead; Jarvis, uncorking a bottle of wine with a look on his face that clearly, clearly indicated that he didn't want to.
Tony downed his martini and spent the rest of the time on the plane rubbing hair gel over the back of his neck, trying to get his hackles to behave.  Charlie set the plane down gently and Happy opened the door for them; they descended into the New York night air, which was cooler and more humid than Los Angeles's.  A man in a suit had brought a sleek, white car; Happy dismissed him and took the keys, getting in the front to drive.
Steve had started doing lengths underwater, trying to focus on his exercise and ignore the chilling feeling of Bucky's thoughts plaguing on his mind. Maybe it was like when he'd been trying to tell Tony he was in Yemen. Bucky reaching out.  Then again, maybe it was something like-- maybe HYDRA was just trying to fuck with him
"Anthony Edward Stark, you'd better have a really good reason to cancel on five of your six appointments today.  Do you have any idea how difficult it was to arrange for all of the private showcasings in
Then Steve glanced up at Tony, as if he was now only realising that they were alone. He swallowed. Would this be awkward? He certainly hoped not.
The asset was sitting on a stainless steel table, staring straight ahead, waiting.  They'd promised to take him to Karpov once they'd looked him over.  The doctor had removed the bullets from his shoulder and stitched up the wound in his hip.  He hadn't used anesthetic; no point.
"But I didn't come here to relive that.  Pine Hills closed its doors in '94 and good riddance.  I'm here to talk about the future with you, Steve. Status Alliance wants you to join us and we'd, in turn, like to join you.  We think your charity is a great step, but we think your voice is going to benefit omegas even more. You represent something we'd wish more people would see.  A strong, independent omega who makes his own decisions and contributes to a society who respects him." He frowned a little and glanced toward the kitchen, where Tony had disappeared to.
The phone he'd bought from the gas station chimed in his lap. He pulled over and picked it up to look at it, the screen angled away from Bucky.
"...it would be a terrible shame," Steve hummed, a smile curling onto his lips.  He leaned forward, breath ghosting over Tony's cheek. "Lie down," he whispered abruptly, tone unwavering.
He watched with a sigh as Tony bolted out of bed and to the toilet. He went to go get him a glass of water, holding it out do  Tony when he was done.
"Steve, wait!" protested Tony, grabbing for his arm.  "...they're not gonna be hacking kids up at seven AM on the fourth of July.  C'mon, be reasonable here."
"I've been trying to get your attention for like a minute.  Did you get lost in there?" asked Morgan, pointing to his head.
When Richard began by talking pure basic genetics, he was a hell of a lot clearer than Clint had been.  There were two genes: one for status and one for the expression of status. An Alpha, for example, could have two different genes: an Alpha gene and a beta gene.  If the beta gene was turned off, then they would be an Alpha, and if the beta gene was turned on, they would be a beta who could have an Alpha child. Ditto for omegas.
"HEY!"  Pearl barked as a man with a flashlight walked up.  "The beach is closed, you can't park your van here.  Do you have a permit for that fire?"
Tony padded down the hall to the nearest bathroom.  Sure enough, Donner was kneeling over a toilet, retching, while Steve rubbed his back and Banksy watched, perched on the sink counter, waving his legs.
Tony managed to squirm out of Steve's arms.  "I will in just a second!" he said. A moment later he was going outside to the pool deck and there was a loud splash.
again, but I don't  want to boss you around or sleep with you.  You can just hang out in the living room and watch TV and if your Alpha asks you can tell him we got up to all sorts of depraved things, but I really don't want you.  If you stay here, it's for your benefit, not mine... aw, geez, come on, don't..." DeSoto's face crumpled and he literally looked like he wanted to cry at being told he wasn't wanted.  "...I mean, I'm sure there's...
Tony walked over to open the balcony door.  The moment he did, instinct took over. Sam was an Alpha, Sam
"You finally gonna show me what you bought?" Steve asked, watching the cute twitch in Tony's brow as he pushed the last few strands of blonde hair into place.
," snarled Tony.  His hackles had remained spiked since they'd opened the lounge.  "He was-- he was-- he was molesting Steve, that's what, he's always had a fucking creepy obsession with him and he-- fucking--"  Tony got too worked up to finish.
"Steve.  That file you sent me... we have a problem."  Phil took a deep breath. "First of all, the WSC has enough shit on you and Tony to put you both away for life.  Could we get Gideon fired? Possibly. Would he retaliate? Yes. Is it worth it? No. Second of all, you're the one who was... was... what was that,
"Right, but at home, I mean, I have great defenses, and the suits, and Steve has his shield... we're okay in the house, right?"
"I'm gonna behave. I won't get kicked out. Promise," he murmured. Steve could heel his pride for a few days, if nothing else. "It just makes me think...what if SHIELD hadn't found me in the ice? I was screwed in the head when I woke up Tony. The first few days I had amnesia and kept screaming about why I was so big. I was in pieces. What if people like
"Get dressed," Steve said, turning less red at the sight of naked men.  Somehow, that was better than a naked woman.  Maybe it was Steve's old-fashioned, chivalrous side, but he always got more embarrassed around women, regardless of their status.  "We're clearing this place out."
Tony placed his hands on Steve's shoulders, pushing him into the bed, and crawled on top of him, leaning in to kiss his chest, collarbone, neck, throat.  All the events of the day had been forgotten, at least for the moment.  There was no other Alpha.  For that matter, there was no one else in the world.  Only Steve.
recognized me, instead of replacing me completely.  ...but if it had, I would've deserved it. I pushed you away." He scooted closer to the edge of the pool to dip his feet in, observing the way the light refracted so that his legs looked they'd been sliced apart and then pushed back together a little off-center.
When he started awake the next morning his hand flew up to his face instinctively, his cheek feeling cold. Were those fingers against his face? He wasn't sure. The feeling had disappeared just as quickly as it came. But he'd felt it. Maybe Steve just hadn't remembered his dream from that night.
"Jesus Tony. I was just getting coffee," Steve breathed and wrapped an arm around him, his fingers running up and down Tony's arm in a comforting motion. He let him lean into him and pressed a kiss to his forehead. "Sorry. I won't do it again." He knew Tony was clingy but he thought that he could have managed a journey downstairs before getting into a panic. Clearly heats were very different experiences depending on what side you experienced them from.
Steve had never considered himself to be a very dependent person, but after the vision of the Winter Soldier in the morning and the flashback of Schmidt's death, combined with the stress of wondering what SHIELD was doing with the tesseract, Steve found himself hovering close to Tony, gravitating toward the comfort that their bond offered him.  Tony accommodated him without complaint.  He grabbed a hard copy of his suit notes, told JARVIS to put on some music, and sat on the floor to read quietly beside Steve, squeezing Steve's hands occasionally, or reaching out to pat his knee.  Steve picked at his nails distractedly, clearly anxious.  After Tony had squeezed his hand for the third or fourth time, he looked down at his fingers and frowned a little at the feeling as he flexed.
"I'm not pretending to be a hero. I'm just a guy from Brooklyn trying to make a difference in the world. I just want HYDRA to leave me the hell alone. But no. They want to take me in and breed me and don't tell me they don't, because I heard it. I read it. There is no freedom in that for me. I would rather die.  So, the way I see it, it's me or them.  The fight between us won't end 'til one of us is destroyed.  I can either run, or right.  And I've made my choice. Now I'm gonna walk away from this, because I don't want to hurt you two, because you're not HYDRA. They're the ones who are gonna be sorry.  But I
But Pierce didn't seem like he was lying.  "Yes, quite sure. I can put you in contact with Agent Rumlow directly if you'd like.  At this time there are no active missions in that region."
Steve's eyes fluttered open. For a moment he thought he was back in the chair because of the metal grip around one of his wrists and the back of his neck but he soon realised that, no, he was in their bedroom and it was a mess and there was blood. He felt sick and he wasn't just shivering from the heat now. His blue eyes darted around wildly until he landed on the blurry shape of his Alpha. He didn't look hurt. Thank God. He looked like he was okay.
"--was thinking I could implant magnets into myself and have myself by like a transmitter and basically send out a constant radio wave frequency that the suit could ID and-- oh, good, the shower's ready!  You go in first, I'm not going in without you, you stink, not in a bad way, I love the way you smell, you're my mate, but obviously you've been working out, how far did you run today, here let me help you."
All the omegas' heads in the room swiveled toward Steve, but Brent looked unconcerned.  "If Steve isn't able to be present, that's okay. We have lots of volunteers and lawyers... and he can pre-record a statement if he feels a heat coming on.  Aside from organizing and funding us, Steve is a figurehead. A lot of the actual work is going to be taken care of by us." Brent nodded to the people in the office.
Steve walked over to see the bracelets in Tony's hands. Whether they worked or not, they certainly looked pretty. It felt like a very Pepper present. For his birthday last year, Pepper had bought him some meditation stones to help him relax. Steve had admittedly never used him but he'd appreciated the sentiment.
was what SHIELD was worried about.  Whether Steve liked it or not, he was a weapon, and a dangerous one.  And his nickname, Captain
"The Winter Soldier works for him.  I think.  I don't know.  I was in his head, and Karpov is like... like his Alpha or something."
Natasha sidled up to Steve while Tony spoke with a senior agent about firearms.  The group was heading into the base; everyone was orbiting around Tony like he was planet with a dozen moons.  Any of Tony's earlier nervousness had been transformed; Tony was grinning easily and acting like he did when he was on stage, basking in the attention, cracking jokes and making quips.
fault you ended up in the ground."  Steve's voice cracked and a few angry tears slid over his face.  Tears that were more from frustration than actual sadness.
Steve's new suit was mostly black with deep blue details to bring out his eyes. He wore a waistcoat and a jacket and had a white shirt underneath. He let Tony fix his hair for him, because, truly, Steve was useless at that kind of thing.
Tony shook his head, amused, then added, "In between this and giving up weapons contracting, I might not end up in hell with Dad after all."
"I had clearance to read the files so it kind of was," shot back Rhodes.  "And according to those files, the Winter Soldier has been shadowing SHIELD for a long time.  Steve is one of SHIELD's most valued agents.  Use your brain, Tony."
"Tony, you're the only one here who runs on batteries.  You're welcome to shirk your duties but Stan and I have to deal with the fallout from--"
Tony had never asked but he wondered, suddenly, if omegas could interpret status standing as easily as Alphas.  If it was as powerful, as obvious to them. If it had the same impact.  Steve kept saying how he didn't care or didn't notice.  Was that true?  Did omegas not sense that the way Alphas did?
"What about in the future? What about after you retire?  You don't plan on being a soldier forever?" Banksy asked, looking at them all doe-eyed with his head resting on his hands.
There was a crack and The Winter Soldier suddenly went limp.  He dropped to the ground with a muffled thump.  Behind him, Fury was holding Steve's iron skillet.
At the heart of every question, Steve knew, was the unspoken crux of the matter: Was Steve safe?  Could he be trusted? Would anything like this happen again? Considering the mess they found themselves in, these were valid concerns.  It was a bit ironic, since as far as any of them having a meltdown and inadvertently causing a massive international crisis, Steve was probably far, far behind Tony in the probability rankings.  As Iron Man, Tony regularly violated international borders and sovereign airspace. But because his actions had never affected civilians and because Tony greased the political cogs with obscene amounts of money, people had turned a blind eye.  Besides, the fact of the matter was, Tony had managed to bring some stability to a very unstable region. Shortly before Steve's assignment to Tony, he'd watched the news, watching as Tony cockily proclaimed that he'd successfully privatized world peace, all while holding up his signature peace sign, grinning cheekily at the cameras while people cheered for him.
Steve lifted his hands up when Tony curled up against him and half on him top on him. He wasn't normally this bad and Steve knew why he was being like this...but it was still strange to deal with. Gently, he curled a hand onto Tony's shoulder and patted him in what he hoped was a comforting matter.
There were a few taps on the glass; Clint grabbed Tony and the two of them exited while Natasha threw the garrote around Sitwell's neck again.
He went to go yank on some clothes.  They were definitely late; Steve had had to swap out his briefs and Tony had taken his time in the shower.
The high, vaulted ceiling with the exposed oak rafters and the massive stone fireplace were a far cry from the smooth white surfaces of Tony's Malibu manor.
"It's fine, we'll edit it," insisted Louis as Aria gave Tony a gentle but commanding slap..  "So, Steve, your experience at the conference--" He paused; Steve was reaching for his glasses again.
"Steve," he said.  It was the one word he could think of to say and it was the most important word in the world.  His hands dropped from Steve's scalp and he stepped forward to put his arms around Steve and bury his face in the other's collarbone.  In the shower, all Tony could smell was shampoo, not Steve's new weird scent.
The asset's head swam.  This was a lot more independent thinking than he was accustomed to and it was confusing the hell out of him.
"I'm not scared of anything," said the soldier.  It wasn't a boast. He was incapable of feeling fear.  "Others fear her."
He wondered if he was the only person in this room whose mate had somehow been bonded without also being raped.
him leave us alone?" asked Tony.  It was a distasteful idea to him. He felt that, as the Alpha in the relationship, he ought to be the one to tell Bucky not back off, not Steve.  But blah blah blah, civil rights and stuff, equality, et cetera.
"All you need to know is that Steve has gone through some trauma and had a bit of a depressive episode. Or something along those lines."
"Move your foot," demanded Tony, attempting to close the door again.  Pepper winced but refused to budge.
"I'm gonna go get dressed," said Tony grouchily. His morning routine was being rather messed up by DeSoto's presence and Steve seemed eager to leave.  "DeSoto, do you want to come down and hang out with the other omegas, or stay here?"
Steve thought about it. "I probably shouldn't." It felt too soon to leave Tony alone for the night. And with the anniversary and...everything. "But thank you, that's very kind."
His hands shook as he cupped a match flame and lit a cigarette.  He offered the blond one, and he took it; Buck lit it for him.
Even from the car, Steve could hear the music throbbing inside and see people dancing.  The event was catered; waiters were threading through the crowd with plates of unrecognizable appetizers and flutes of champagne.
"There was a morning when I lost a few hours and I thought I saw Buck in the garden. Tony found me downstairs by the window but I never thought it was real," Steve said quietly.  "I... I don't know, maybe that was a flashback, though.  I'm sorry."
"I remember her," Steve said. The last time they'd seen her was when Tony had found out about Bucky. That felt like such a long time ago now...back then they hadn't even really known Bucky was alive. Steve envied that ignorance.
"Oh, really?  You're aware? You're aware that the World Security Council is probably going to end the Avengers' Initiative over this?  You're aware that, based on the psychologists' recommendation, you might be sent to a mental institution because we can't trust you won't try hurting yourself?  You're aware that, thanks to your mental breakdown over your mate's abandonment, you've threatened the jobs of every omega and every pair-bonded couple in the entire organization?  And that I've been awake for over seventy hours trying to minimize the damage you've caused, and that my insomnia is the only thing keeping Sam Wilson from being court-martialed, Agents Coulson and Barton fired, and Natasha Romanov executed for treason?  You know that Major General al-Ahmar of Yemen is threatening to declare war on us because your friends technically invaded his country and flew through a restricted airspace to get to you? You know that Ellis has been at the UN for the last twelve hours making apologies on your behalf, and you've completed discredited yourself to the press?  That's right, the press knows all about this. Kind of hard to keep under wraps that Captain America just surfaced for the first time in over a month and caused a massive international incident, all because his damned boyfriend left him."
"An omega boy killed himself in one of the camps," Stone said flatly. "He was fourteen years old.  They raided the camp and found a lot of instances of illegitimate surgical procedures and unlicensed practitioners.”
Steve reached for Tony's hand and tugged him down next to him. He leaned his head on his shoulder, sliding down on the sofa  little so they slotted together better. "This might be our last evening like this," he pointed out softly. "We should make the most of it. Do something...special, I guess," he suggested tentatively, not quite sure how Tony would take it.
"Hey there, Captain Rogers. So, Donner had the baby?" Phil said. They all knew they hadn't come to exchange small talk.
"There's a razor under the sink, I think?" Steve said. "I dunno. I don't really have to shave all that often," he admitted sheepishly. "Y'know... omega."
"...my knot," mumbled Tony with a vague gesture.  Then, with renewed confidence, stated, "...it's basically hamburger meat at this point."
Steve always whimpered when he first took him. Nothing could ever really prepare him for a knot; it stretched him out for a reason but his hips only faltered for a moment before he picked up his rhythm again. Steve kept it firm and thorough as he rose up and down on his Alpha, head tilted just right so his back arced almost prettily. His hands clenched the sofa back over Tony's head but the pace was so slow so there was no risk of Steve tearing it.  (He had done so multiple times. If Pepper noticed that the sofa colors kept changing, she didn't comment.)
"Do you think you can help?" Pepper asked and Steve just shrugged. He tried for a smile and it was broken, his eyes glossing over with a sadness that wasn't entirely his. His voice was small when he spoke up again.
He  shook his head to clear it.  The last thing in the world he wanted to think about right now was his father.  His notes weren't going anywhere, after all; Tony would find time to slip away later, without Steve, and paw through them, trying to find out more about the tesseract.
The moment the smoke bombs went off, Steve dropped down by Nick's side, rolling him over and putting pressure on the wound in his back. "It's okay. Nick, just breathe..." The Director's breaths were labored. Was he going to die? "Just breathe.  I got you."
"I'll show you just how much I like you being on that fridge if you don't get down right now Clint," Natasha warned, somehow still managing to look scary even with a banana wrapped around her face.
Joey seemed unconcerned with Tony.  He pulled out a length of cloth and tied a tourniquet onto the man's forearm; the man stirred, let out a weak cry, realizing what they had done to him.
Vanko roared in frustration and Steve took the opportunity. He ran at him again with the shield and smacked it across the helmet's face. Then again. Vanko hissed, the sound muffled from the suit, and reached out to catch Steve's jaw. Steve ducked out of the way and rolled back.
Tony doubted he was experiencing whatever omegas did when they knelt.  He'd seen Steve kneel lots of time, getting that blissed-out expression on his face, the same one he got when he was knotted or when Tony touched behind his ears.  But that was okay. When Steve knelt, it was because he wanted to, and because he enjoyed it. And Tony rather liked when his mate enjoyed himself.
"Six people?" repeated Tony.  "Great, they can all take turns with him."  He tried to close the door on Pepper's foot.
Not that he was exactly hoping there were four more ex-pornstars in the other four rooms, but... well, it wouldn't be the worst thing he could imagine.
They'd warned him about Gene Bennett, but Rhodey was still surprised when they met.  Gene was easily the most pleasant, charming person he'd ever met.
"Ah. That's fair enough," he hummed. "I just want you to know that I don't think any less of you, for seeing you like that."
"Get Banksy," said Rhodey in a low voice.  "I'll keep trying to talk to him but I'm in over my head here.  I didn't realize he'd be like this."
in Malibu, but here in a billionaire's bed, with said billionaire on top of him.  Bonded to said billionaire, naked except for the ankle monitor on his leg.
"Sure," said Natasha.  She didn't ask any other questions; she took him back to New York, and then pulled a stack of bills out of her pocket.  "...you left your wallet in the car you stole. I assume on purpose. Here's some money. ...get back to the hotel soon, okay, Steve?  Your friends are worried about you. And the media... well, we're trying to keep this little security breach under wraps. They're already going crazy over the collar thing."
Steve hummed, still looking over the tickets.  They said something about a conference? He frowned and looked up to catch Aria and Tony talking about sex--
Re: this chapter and world-building.  Because I can already hear the questions, I want to emphasize that it is extremely taboo for Alphas to enter into bonds with omegas who are already bonded.  This is one reason omegas tend to like being bonded: it's a form of protection against all other Alphas.  It's arguably more taboo for an Alpha to develop a bond with an already-bonded omega than it would be for two Alphas (acers or acesexuals) to be in a relationship.  (Side note: omegas who are acesexual are considered straight, regardless of the gender of the Alpha.  Alphas who are omegosexual are likewise considered straight, regardless of the gender of the omega.  Most Alphas and omegas have secondary sex preferences.)  I hope this clears up some of the societal aspects of our little A/b/o AU here.
Tony gave up trying to look from above the crowd.  It was too bright and busy and the augmented reality in the HUD display was honestly making things worse.
Tony didn't consider himself squeamish, but there was a reason he was an engineer and not a biologist.  Steve's smell was strong and it made Tony feel strangely aroused and sleepy at the same time. It tapped into the same primal part of his brain that bristled at Alphas who looked at Steve a certain way.
"Yes. Of course, I'll come with you but I don't think I'll have anything to really contribute." Steve would look sympathetic and support Tony. That was all he really could do.
"...I missed... I missed the way you try not to blush when I whisper dirty words in your ear.  I miss the way it feels when we've just made love and we're knotted and we just lay there for a while holding each other.  I miss the way you let me grab your wrists and pretend to pin you down even though we both know you're stronger than me."
Steve didn't seem to have noticed the abrupt quiet on the other line.  "All this...I don't know." Steve sighed. "It makes me think maybe this was supposed to happen. Maybe I was
Tony shook his head.  "It's not the same, Pepper.  He's my scent-mate.  We're compatible on a deep, instinctual, pheromonal level.  ...at least, I thought we were.  I don't know, right now."  And with that, he went back to pacing.
"Lets go get cocktails!" Maria squealed and darted off towards the bar. Apparently they were allowed to drink more with food.
Banjo was one of the younger ones and she almost had a spring in her step as they walked out of the kitchens, presumably excited by the morning's events. Steve figured it was worth a shot.
There was a loud burst of laughter across the room, mostly from omegas; no doubt the two had gotten into another scuffle.  Trey got a big, goofy grin on his face. "Man, you know, it's so good to just... be me, you know? Thanks, man." He reached over to hug Steve suddenly, nearly falling over.  He was clearly drunk. One of his brother reached over to scruff him to keep him from unbalancing Steve; even though Steve easily weighed twice as much as him, Steve was swaying a little, and it wasn't because of the music.  "Like-- like I love-- being me," finished Trey dizzily.
"No.  I want--"  Tony stopped mid-sentence and rose, head up.  Like a wolf that had just caught the scent of a particularly juicy deer.
He wasn't sure where the hell "fucking omega slut" had come from but in the moment it was incredibly, over-the-top sexy to him.
"Yes. Friends. Not the public. I don't owe the public shit," Steve said. "What do you seriously want me to apologies for? Having a breakdown. Sure, that's gonna go down swell. Do I mention the HYDRA mole?  And maybe I should drop in the fact that they pumped me full of drugs and tried to make me have babies too. The public will
"If we're friends can I come over?  I... I have a hole in my house.  It's raining.  And... and I think maybe the fridge is buried under some rubble," said Tony, weaving excuses.  "I mean, I don't care, I can go out, actually, I can go through a drive-thru, but, uh... uh... listen, I don't really... what I said, earlier, I don't think you were honey potting me, I know you couldn't help going into heat... I just... I... I don't know if I wanna join up... Fury talked to me about it once but it's not my thing, you know, teamwork, cooperation... gross... actually you're probably too busy with the Avengers to hang out, that's fine, I just... I wanted to... come over... because of the hole in my roof."  He trailed off, feeling pathetic.  Talking to Steve like this, without having to look at him or smell him, without the other Avengers watching them, Clint and Natasha smirking knowingly, was easier.  But still tricky, because Tony didn't want to seem desperate.  But his earlier anger had cooled and now he just felt empty.  He longed for Steve.  Just to be in his presence, hover over him, feel close to him...
Yes, the soldier recognized the sound.  The whistle of missiles, the sound right before the ground in front of you crumbled and opened up and your buddy was suddenly gone, leaving behind a shred of his jacket or a finger or a handful of shells.
"...that's one of his," said Natasha with a roll of her eyes.  Sure enough, Steve caught a glimpse of STARK printed on the gun.  Tony handled every weapon with a loving familiarity.  He hadn't merely shot these weapons before; he had designed them.  In fact, he'd demonstrated more than half of them personally at the very same base.  "He still hasn't beaten Clint's record," added Natasha with a slight hint of annoyance.  It probably had something to do with Tony showing off; he was talking shop with several of the enlisted men who had wandered down to hear him talk about the guns, and it was turning into an ad hoc demonstration.  Tony may not have made weapons anymore, but he was clearly still proud of anything with his name stamped on it.
Tony's expression, one of bewilderment, changed to one of devastation, followed rapidly by determined annoyance.  "Well, I don't give a fuck, Steve doesn't need a fuckin' handler anyway." He settled back into the lounge chair, pouting.
Steve let out a withered sigh. He went back into the bedroom and found Tony sprawled out on the floor, half conscious and mumbling. He lifted him up like he weighed nothing and then tucked him back into bed, the middle this time so he wouldn't fall out. "Yes, yes, I love you too..." He assured him. "Try to sleep. Stop wiggling so much."
"No.  No, we don't, Rex was sterilized," said Richard succinctly, placing a hand on Rex's shoulder.  This sentence was delivering without any bite to it, but also without humor, and the rumor jovial attitude evaporated in an instant.
Sam's eyebrows raised.  It was a surprisingly personal, introspective revelation, one Sam would have thought Tony incapable of making.
to get home. Far too much had happened since they'd left it and Steve honestly wanted to forget most of it.
Then Steve really got down to business. He sucked the head into his mouth and swirled his tongue experimentally, Tony's sigh telling him all he needed to know before he sank down lower and the head was nudging the back of his mouth. Steve moved at a steady, slow pace, teasing at Tony as he let his jaw go slack and take him all in. It was a lot easier a second time around now he knew what to expect.  He kept going until he'd taken all of Tony's cock into his mouth and the head squeezed into his throat. He wanted to gag around it but he forced the urge down, focusing on taking all that Tony had to offer. Steve's eyes flickered up and he had a challenging look in his gaze as if to say:
Yes.  There was a man.  Or maybe an angel.  Tony didn't believe in such things, but the man approaching him had wings, wings of electricity.  No.  That didn't make sense.  Tony's brain tried to figure it out.  Was he dead?  That couldn't be right.  If he was dead, why did he feel nauseous?
. I don't want to protect DeSoto or anything.  I mean, not more than anyone else, I think it was about the other guy that I was interested in," said Tony, squinting.  "Trickshot..." he repeated to himself in a murmur, trying to remember. "...I'll ask DeSoto about him tonight. ...and no, Steve, we're not gonna mess with the any of his shit.  He's already furious at us; he's obviously got an anger issues and a dominance complex. If we push him, he'll take it out on Donner. I mean, think about it. You piss him off, Donner looks like you... and he got Donner before you were even unfrozen.  I bet you in the bedroom, they do some weird Captain America roleplay and Malick pretends like he'd a big guy who can beat him up.
Steve's body was heavy on top of Tony, but Tony loved it, craved more; he wrapped his arms around Steve's waist, dragging him closer; Steve was grabbing the edge of the bath, anchoring himself to it, his entire body focused on the act of pushing himself down into Tony, burying Tony's length into himself.
"I was reading about the conference," continued Steve.  "I couldn't find much. I'm kinda confused about they actually
"He was already crazy," Steve breathed as he appeared beside them to make the hole in the floor bigger. "Would you mind...?" Together they took away more of the ceiling, cracking it and lifting it up and then bending the mesh back that supported it. It was a slow process but it ensured none of the concrete would land on Tony's head. Steve belatedly thought about how Pepper would react when she saw this, how she react to him being nearly 93 years old. It would certainly be interesting.
He went to see if he could find a projector for the films, needing to get away from Steve, from the disorganized clutter.  It was like looking into the future.  Howard Stark had once been powerful and intelligent and articulate and commanding.  But he'd worked himself down to the bone.  The man Tony had known had always been either working or piss drunk, "keeping the edge off," as he put it.  When he drank, he was belligerent.  Toward Maria; toward Tony; once, (only once), even toward Jarvis.
"Yeah, well, it doesn't for me, okay?  I must be broken or something," said Tony, putting his fingers through his hair and staring at the surface of the table.
He could feel the other beating himself up over this and Steve felt exasperated. Tony was nothing like the Alphas back at the conference.
.  And he remembered how clearly he'd been told that he would never, ever like this, no matter how much he seemed to.
"The way people look at this relationship worries me." Tiberius admitted. "Because of Tony's... past."
, but so do you, if you have the phone records.  And he's not there anymore. I'm not part of Project Heirloom."
Tony rubbed his back soothingly.  "It's not your fault Gideon Malick is a fucking asshole.  Donner was a goner from the moment he was bonded. ...wow, try saying that five times fast.  Happy, take us downtown. Steve... it's okay. We're going to go find him, right now."
Tony couldn't smell if he was bonded from this distance but the knowledge was enough to calm him down a little.
Steve would never forget it. The hellish blue light, its unnatural, monstrous hue, the way its power eliminated men from existence in mere seconds. The tesseract was an abomination.  An item straight from hell whose power could only be used for evil.  A thing that, in the wrong hands, could probably destroy the world.
"...get Rhodey a beer."  Tony cast a longing look over his shoulder at the painting, then turned his attention back to Steve.  He grinned at him, remembering fondly the arc reactor set into the wall, the elaborate shadows sketched around it.  It was bold and sharp, ghostly but warm.  It was in some ways a sort of modern portrait and Tony felt a pang of affection; he felt the suddenly and overwhelming need to touch Steve.
Steve's pills were on the bedside stand, but since neither of them were mating yet, Tiberius hadn't touched them.  It was a moot point; they could hardly mate while both of them were half-unconscious.
"Do you want me to fix it?" asked Dr. Liebmann into the phone.  He nodded while the person on the other line spoke.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah.  We will," said Tony.  He looked over at Steve.  "Where ever you want.  Where ever's most comfortable for you.  You want me here?  ...I'll stay here," he answered for himself, threading his fingers through Steve's and clutching his hand.
didn't want this, but keeping it from him will make it seem like I do. Or...I don't mind it. I don't know. It's hard to explain. I just-"
After about ten minutes Tony softened inside of him. Steve sat up and pulled away with a quiet whine, neither a pleased nor happy sound. He leaned over to steal a quick kiss before slipping back down onto the floor, offering Tony to help him find his footing too. "I'm gonna need to shower before we go," he said with a gentle laugh as he looked down at himself. It wasn't just the run; he was now messy from both his and Tony's release.
Steve paused. Of course the Alpha kept it-- or maybe self-righteous Kitty wasn't the only exception to that rule. He hoped she wasn't.
"...and so he finally came back to bed, but I guess it's just... hard, you know, when he goes to sleep on the couch every post-heat.  I know he needs space but I feel like... like, impotent, almost. Like I'm not doing enough for him," one of the men was finishing.
They were standing in the dairy aisle of a well-lit grocery story with a cheerful pop song raining down on them from the speakers, and Bucky was standing motionless in front of a wall of yogurt.
Tony jerked right and slammed into a drone, tumbling through the air and clipping his ankle on the roof of a building.  He yelled out; maybe it was broken, maybe just sprained, hard to tell.
Personally Tony loved Steve's.. well, what Steve would probably call "spunk" or "moxie."  Tony's favorite position with women had always been on his back, hands behind his head, letting them ride him, watching their breasts bounce.  Though Steve was lacking in that particular department, it was still fun to let him go to town. Tony couldn't imagine anyone as timid as Donner or DeSoto having
He put a hand on the back of the truck and sprang out, feeling happy and excited.  Karpov threw an arm around him and dragged him toward the edge of the road, flipping open the book with a sigh.  The soldier was still grinning. Karpov offered him a cigarette and he took it. He cupped the flame of a match in his hands to light it; Karpov was reading from the book.  "Желание. Ржавый. Семнадцать--"
It occurred to him, with a start, that that would include Steve.  But Steve couldn't possibly hide anything from Tony that would be worst or more traumatizing than finding out about his previous bond, right?  Tony dismissed the thought.  He'd read through Steve's files along with everyone's else, once he got his hands on them.
Maybe he'd just been through his heat. Yes. That was it. It was the day after boxing day. Bucky had gone out the night after Christmas and brought her home. Steve had squeezed a pillow around his ears to try and avoid hearing the banging in the bedroom. He'd cried silently and angrily as he'd watched the odd firework being let off from their neighbors outside.
is the latest suit.  I'm trying to get it to so that the suits are all self-aggregating.  I'm tired of having robot hands molest me.  ...sorry, 7UMM-E," he added over his shoulder.  One of the bots whirred at him in recognition of its name.  "Oh, and I was going through some of Dad's old stuff.  Wanna see something really cool?"
"How about this?" Steve asked and lifted the prototype of his shield up from under a sea of wiring. "This big enough?"
The issue is when it it isn't their choice. But considering Jeff's position, I dare say his situation is."
If Steve wanted to shrug him off he could probably fling him across the room like Tony was nothing more than a kitten.  And yet Maggie Frond, all 5'3" of her, had somehow temporarily turned Steve off. ...was SHIELD aware you could do that? Was HYDRA?  ...or was it just that she had surprised Steve? That was probably it; he had been caught off guard. If he'd expected it, he probably would have broken her in half.
After more fussing Steve had Tony tucked up into bed. "I'm going to go out for a run, when I get back I'll wake you up and we'll get ready, unless...." Steve remembered Tony binge drinking because of the damage done in Wakanda by Stark weaponry and hesitated. "If I stay will it help you sleep? Because then I'll stay."
"His old Alpha simply wanted a change of pace.  This one's not a trouble-maker," Chantelle assured him.
Tony had hoped to see Pepper beforehand but there was no time for that.  There was a strict speaker and presentation schedule, and Hammer was on in thirty. Tony desperately wanted to cut the guy off.  He also didn't want to have to wait any longer than necessary.  The sooner they got this over with, the better.  It was like tearing off a Band-Aid.
"Alphas versus omegas is fine," she said.  "Derick and I can be on Steve's team, and Charlotte, you can play with Callum and-- Dr. Stark."
"He's super tall," Cooper said, staring at Steve with a giddy expression on his face, still signing what he was saying.
Before SHIELD, before the era of implants and prostheses, Clint was damaged goods.  Clint was functionally disabled and would have made a lousy omega; he couldn't hear commands issued, and therefore couldn't follow them.  His brother had been the desirable one.
Tony grabbed a bottle from the bar and padded over to him.  "Hey," he said gently, throwing an arm around his waist. "I'll come with you."
Happy didn't look convinced.  He put the tabloid into the glove box for later and drove them west, looking into the mirror curiously at them.
Ultimately Tony just hated not being Iron Man.  He was not truly Iron Man; he wasn't a robot, which he felt would be a lot better than being a person.
His eyes were watering a little and the flush on his skin didn't looks so healthy now. Steve sat woodenly in the bath with his legs drawn up to his chest. He still felt a little strange...maybe he was still delirious still.
"Doug," repeated Tony firmly, as if he could change the poor kid's name just by reiterating the new one enough times.
right. His entrance tightened around Tony and he came over the sheets with a scream, fingers digging into the sheets beneath him as his head ducked down low, panting as he rode out his orgasm and took what Tony gave to him. He whined loudly when Tony thrust inside and spilled into him, filling him up.  With his Alpha's hands on his hips now and not the glands Steve was finally coming back to himself, although the haze of his orgasm still fogged in his mind. He didn't think he'd come that hard in a very long time.
When Tony's fingers brushed against his cheek Steve glanced to the side, his blue eyes shifting to the other's face. The touch was gentle and yet intimate, perhaps because of how close their faces were. Steve leaned into the touch a little, his eyes carefully traversing Tony's face. "You make me feel safe.  And happy. Or at least, you do when you actually want me around," Steve whispered, his gaze dropping away. "And making you happy, that makes me happy, too."  Steve trailed off, struggling to say the right thing. He was almost smiling. "Maybe I want you to take what you want Tony.  Ever think about that?"
Steve had admittedly forgotten about Natasha's gift with everything else that happened. He took the memento back gently, thumb brushing over the photograph. He stared down at it for a moment too long, his glassy when he looked back up. "Thank you Pepper," he replied quietly. "This means a lot. Really. ...Tony would freak out if he saw this," Steve whispered, sounding almost sad at the fact before he moved to pull a sketch book out of a draw. He slotted both the dogtags and photograph inside it before he placed it back. It was his private sketchbook, Tony respected that and didn't look at it.
He tore out the picture and put it in his pocket along with the yellow ball.  He didn't like Howard (he couldn't remember why but he had a vague idea that the guy was an arrogant, showboating jerk), but he liked Captain America a lot.  He wanted to go find him.  Well, obviously, he had to, because that was his objective.  But even if it wasn't, he would have wanted to, anyway.  And now he had a lead.  Maybe if he could take the blond and kill the one-eyed man, he'd be forgiven and they wouldn't make Karpov retire.
He slid down the bed as Tony crawled up, his knees just slotted above the dip of Steve's shoulders as he continued to jack off on top of him. "Do it. Fucking cum on me Tony. I want you to," he panted, his entrance twitching around the toy inside of him. Fuck. He felt so fucking full.  "Do it.  Do it!"
Tony was feeling a bit bothered; Callum racked up the balls cheerfully.  Callum was an Alpha, though not a very dominant one.
It would be hard not to climax before Tony though. As Steve bottomed out he cried out too, a soft and gentle sound. For a brief moment he savoured the feeling before he began to move his hips, steadily picking up the pace and clenching every time he slid down.
Jealously issues. Ha.  A whole day of being told what a lousy omega he was was actually getting to him.  He should probably work on that.  Talk to a sane omega later, someone like Phil who would set him straight.
Tony's face blanched and he tore out of the room like it was on fire.  Maria turned back to Steve.  "I'm going to need a statement- this is a PR disaster. Fury is on the phone right now with the Department of Defense and we're about two minutes away from a federal indictment.  What the hell happened, Rogers?"
"I think he wanted to be taken in. Or he wanted a fight. Either way, that's where he ended up." Jasper said. "I swear. This is all I know. Please! I don't know anything else!"
All at once everyone snapped into place, and Tony let out a blood-curling scream, flinging himself to the ground.
Tony blinked when Steve appeared between him and the TV.  He stared, mute, as Steve begged him to fuck him him, and then knelt.  Tony's mouth felt dry and he felt a raging storm of conflicting emotions.
Tony ducked as Steve tried to wash his hair.  Tony loathed overly-sweet body wash and Steve loved the fruity stuff.
The moment the flag waved, Tony hit the accelerator and he was off.  All his talk about a racecar being like the suit immediately evaporated; he was going two hundred miles an hour only a few feet from the ground and, unlike in the suit, he had no ability to maneuver if something got in his way.  Tony found himself laughing, a combination of hysterical nervousness and joy and reckless abandon.  Knowing he was one false move from death made him feel...
Steve thought about the articles and his heart swelled in his chest. He hoped Tony would proud of it too. "There's more stuff out in the news. Also an omega hate crime I should probably comment on, but that can wait for the morning."
The plane was sleek, a marvel of Stark technology. Steve would be perfectly comfortable, aside from the whole heat thing.
As usual, Tony's monologue was truly that, a monologue.  Tony thought much faster than he spoke, so at times, his sentences came out disjointed, with each pause representing probably a paragraph's worth of thought that Tony had dismissed as unimportant.  Pepper in particular was good at picking up each individual thesis statement and dissecting it. Reading between the lines was a fundamental part of communication with Tony, because when it came to anything abstract, he tended to make mince-meat of normal conversation, and the sentences didn't always connect well.  Happy said it was because he was a genius, and Pepper said it was because he couldn't stand discussing his emotions any deeper than that.
"Okay, so, let's see... that's the last poster, I think, isn't it, Rex?  ..any questions or comments or concerns? ...I'm seeing a lot of smiles... oh, grow up, it's just sex, people.  No judgement, there's no dumb questions... the male omega is pretty poorly understood... I Mastered in omegocology, let my tell you, Mom was
"Give us one minute," Steve told DeSoto and then turned around, gently guiding Tony back into bed. "Right. You're going to sleep, or else you'll feel awful in the morning." He probably would regardless, but Steve figured the more sleep the better. "Don't worry about money right now. Pepper can rant at you in the morning, but if everything goes my way...you won't have to buy anyone at the auction," Steve assured him softly and leaned over to kiss Tony's forehead as he tucked him in.
"---you're going to ruin a lot of Alphas' lives, yes, absolutely; a lot of promising young students' lives and a lot of military careers, because omegas want to be treated as equals and they're not, that's the reality, okay--"
One of the suits shoved a paper at him.  "We have a search warrant. There's reason to believe you're unlawfully detaining at least one person here."
"And I was surprised at how much hatred people still have in this century. The best advice I can offer is that people need to listen to each other more. There's nothing wrong with having your own opinion. But if it never changes, even when you're faced with new information, then you really need to take a good hard long look at yourself. I met so many Alphas at that conference who had no idea what kind of sacrifice and what kind of horrors a man like has endured as a soldier and they didn't give a shit. They had no respect for me. They thought I belonged on my knees and in that collar and they would never change their minds about. They will never listen. Alphas like
"I urge you to reconsider.  It's quite a lot of fun." Tony cast a pleading look at Steve.  Maggie reached out, took Tony's face in her hand, and reoriented it to look at her.  "...don't ask his permission . He's the omega.
Steve blinked in surprise when Tony suddenly mentioned Bucky, the test forgotten on the floor and its meaning now negligible. "Really?" He whispered and something strange seized in his chest.  He swallowed down a lump in his throat at the memory. "Why did you look up his family?"
Steve sat down in their bed. The jumper was big and pooled around the curve on one shoulder, almost making him look normal-sized.  Almost.  Nothing could ever quite disguise his super serum bulk. He was having one of those days where he missed being small again. A part of him wished he could just curl up in the sheets and disappear. Whenever he had a cold or was feeling poorly he used to bundle himself up in blankets. Bucky would get home and surprise him by pouncing on the bed and tickling him. Steve would laugh so much his face would go red. Once he'd actually not being able to breathe for too long and started having a coughing fit; Bucky had felt so bad...
"Hey Steve.  Wow, something smells great.  Other than you, I mean.  Is that my robe?  I got an e-mail from the folks at SNL and they want you on the third.  Great, right?"  Tony pulled away from the machinery in front of him and pulling a hand covered in oil through his hair.  His face was smudged with grease and there was a noticeable tear in his shirt.  Steve had seen him like him a lot as a PA; Tony might have worn $15,000 watches and silk ties in public, but in his shop, he was content to lose himself in his work.  On more than one occasion, Steve had watched Pepper shriek and barely save one of the main floor's immaculate white pieces of furniture.  It was a testament to her involvement in Tony's life that none of the rest of the house had any oil stains anywhere; left to his own devices, Tony probably would have ended up accidentally ruining the carefully manicured living room upstairs.
Steve smiled a little.  "Well, yeah, but I didn't want to shoot anyone.  I didn't romanticize it.  ...my point is, people nowadays glorify my war.  War World II. And they're doing the same to you, about Afghanistan. And I'm sorry."
; they're just smiley faces, Steve, that's it... well, except for the eggplant, the eggplant means penis, but the rest are just smileys...
He was just tugging on his hoodie when his phone rang again. Steve grabbed it, sinking down onto the mattress and tucked his legs underneath himself as he answered. He pressed the phone to his ear after frowning at an unknown number.
Or maybe Bucky would run if he told him to... but then he wouldn't get the help he needed, would he?
"Thank you, Mr. Malick, sir," said Tony, voice dripping with sarcasm like Steve had never heard before.  Tony did a mocking little curtsy, then turned to Steve. "Text me what you're up to. See ya, Steve. I got a car to scrub."  He turned back to Malick. "Should I got get my bikini top and daisy dukes to wash it, or are jeans okay?"
"Well, I don't think a key would do much good now..." She hummed in fake concern. "You are a strong boy, aren't you?"
He watched Tony disappeared onto the track with a frown on his features. Tony had been off all day and that display with Hammer was just plain weird. He swallowed thickly. This was the first time he'd disappointed Pepper. Ever. And it felt horrible.
When Tony grabbed Clint's hand by accident and then let go Steve wasn't sure what to do. He let his fingertips graze over his forearm briefly. It could easily be passed off as accident brush of skin, but he hoped it was some small comfort to the man.  He tried to catch Natasha's eye but she was clammed up thanks to Tony's question.
Was this, he wondered, what married life was like?  Before the story had broken in January about Steve's other Alpha, their lives had been charmed.  It had been fun, living with Steve, the two of them seeped in the luxury of Tony's life, best friends and mates, cuddling, fucking, making love, doing nearly everything together.
"Ugh... ugh, ugh, ugh... nothing... I mean... nothing," said Tony, still trying to spit the taste out.  No luck. A bead of clear fluid trailed down Steve's neck. "I think-- fuck-- it's fine, I think I rebroke the gland-- are you okay?"  Tony hadn't even realized he'd been holding back, but he had been. He hadn't been biting Steve, not really. Not until he got the knot in.  Then he'd snapped and-- dear, sweet Edison, had it always tasted so
"For the record, I feel safer with you. Before you, I felt lost; I hated it here, in this century. With you...it feels like home. Like I was supposed to be here. Like all the shit I went through to get here was actually
Jarvis looked up.  As usual, he didn't make eye contact.  He looked just below Tony's eyes out of respect.  "Nothing, sir."
Steve turned a pretty pink at Tony's rude comment. Obviously...that's what they were going to be doing. But Rhodes didn't need the gaps filling in for him. It also didn't help that was literally just in a boxers and shirt. He was hardly properly dressed himself.
"Which bond was a mistake, Steve?" replied Tony, softly, words slurring a little.  "The bond with him? Or with me?"
, you know... here, round's on me... paint the town red, Rogers!"  Howard threw down a couple of twenties, downed his drink, and scrambled over the back of the booth.  Everyone laughed as he darted across the room to avoid Ruby.
The man Steve was holding was squirming, letting out a long, low whine of pain.  Yet a small chuckle escaped him at Tony's words.
Tony had known this would come eventually.  He was over-tired from not sleeping and he wasn't taking it as well as he'd hoped he would.  Steve was standing there, feet planting, back straight, jaw set. His gaze was firm. Tony knew arguing was pointless but he couldn't help it.  It wasn't hat he was scared of Steve going; it was that he was scared Steve wouldn't come back. That Natasha or Sam would return and hand him a folded up flag or something and tell him Steve had served his country and he ought to be proud, and all the stability his life had finally gained would crumble around him and he'd be left by himself in a too-big house that was filled nothing but hundreds of orchids.
"That was insane Tony," Pepper said quietly as she drove them away from the airport. "I've never seen you like that before. I've never seen
"...who the hell is there with you? You with someone? I thought you were moping?" Clint asked, both curious and confused. "Have you finally decided to get laid now that everyone knows how brave you are, huh?"
"He's a nursing omega, you idiot!"  Pepper gave Tony a light slap over the head.  (She didn't bother to add that Donner and she probably shared a bra size; both were somewhere in the lower B range.)
Gleason began pulling bottles out of his bag.  "One of these every hour, one of these every ten, and they really should be taken with food..."
"Nap," agreed Tony.  He scooted closer to Steve.  Steve was stretching out, looking up at him coyly.  Bedroom eyes if Tony had ever seen them.  Steve wasn't moving.  Tony scooted a little closer, slipping an arm over Steve, pressing their bodies together.  Steve was deliciously warm, his skin smooth, inviting.
Hey everyone.  Hope you had a great INFINITY WAR week!  Don't worry: our works will never contain spoilers to movies that are still in theaters during the time they are posted, and in fact, often contain misdirections, so they are safe to read for those of you who don't have the opportunity to see things opening weekend.
"...I've already lost him," said Fury, looking toward the closed door to Steve's room.  "The World Security Council put the kibosh on the Avengers' Initiative over this. Maybe getting frozen and unfrozen messed his head up or something... I don't know.  But we can't have field agents we can't control, or at least predict."
Tony made his way down to the shop.  He had two goals in mind: one was to build a wire for Rhodey, and the other was continue his quest for modular, non-gantry armor.  The problem was a tricky one, because it wasn't good enough for it to just be modular, or just be non-gantry, no... it needed to come to him and attach to him, and that was the hard part.  If it weren't for the fact that the suit was supposed to assemble around him, then he might have already figured out the whole self-assembly part.
"I think maybe we were like...a few years too late on that one." Steve sighed. He hadn't taken a drink. Sam was watching him with sympathy but he didn't want it. It was childish, but Steve felt left out. Banksy was just as liberal as Steve was, but apparently he was a "good omega". What made Steve such a bad person to Donner?  Why couldn't he just tolerate him, even goddamn look at him without flinching?  Steve ought to be part of the omega slumber party.  He was the only omega left out.
Irshad's expression broke a little. She put a hand on his arm. Her fingernails were painted a deep blue. "I'm so very sorry Captain." She sounded like she meant it, her words heavy, like she knew how he felt. She very well might, Steve realized.
"He would have been if Bucky got to him," Steve pointed out as he took the offered drink. It was black coffee. He pulled a face.
"...doesn't get out of jail until next year and, you know, I-- I don't know," said George, still slightly red.  "That's not important."
what you did but it doesn't make it okay," Steve said quietly and picked at the bedsheets. "It doesn't mean you get to just kick me out of my home for months, or hit on women...what you're dealing with
Okay, so he was being approached by someone, or something, and its arms were impossibly long, but not wings.  Jumper cables?  One of them snaked outward, flickering a jagged bolt of lightning from it, and Tony considered the possibility that he was hallucinating.  He definitely might have a concussion.  Seemed likely, really.  The man in front of him had a large, glowing circle in his chest, an arc reactor just like Tony's, and both his arms were coursing with jags of lightning.  Tony was almost positive he was experiencing some sort of weird head trauma.
"Please. Just let me go, I didn't mean to cause any trouble. I swear.  Call my Alpha.  Call Bucky, he'll come pick me up and I'll never bother you aga--"
"I've already given you your extra five minutes," Steve told him with a lopsided smile as he knelt down by his bedside, head tilted as his gaze flickered over Tony's form in bemusement. His chest was rising and falling steadily beneath the sheets. Steve reached up to slowly peel them back till he could see Tony's eyes, nose and then lips.
"End of the week," Pepper said and put her hands on her hips. Steve though about all the effort it must have taken just to make those binders and his heart swelled with gratitude. They really needed to buy Aria and Pepper a holiday. In fact, maybe they would like that. They were good friends; they'd enjoy a break together.
With that, she hung up.  The room was quiet.  Tony, Steve had already learned, bounced between periods of excessive sleep and periods of no sleep at all.  Currently, with his life running smoothly, he'd crashed, his body trying to make up for the damage of stress it had accumulated over the several months.  Not to mention the palladium poisoning.  The rash around Tony's arc reactor was fading away; soon there would be no trace of it.  It occurred to Steve that he and the other Avengers were the only ones who had ever known that Tony was dying.
Tony's body relaxed and he made a soft noise of longing against Steve's lips.  He kissed him back, pressing into him and parting Steve's lips with his tongue; it was like their first kiss all over again.  Steve, despite being taller, bigger, and stronger, let Tony take the lead and within moments of moving his mouth against his omega's, Tony had pushed Steve up against the car and and reaching down to fumble with his belt buckle.
"Mm-hm.  Tony likes shiny things," said Happy, navigating around the bird.  Tony's peacocks were borderline feral and had an unfortunate habit of attacking both people and cars.
Schmidt was the worst Alpha Steve had probably ever met. A man who thought his status entitled him to everything.
"Let's be honest, Steve.  Like the whole world wants you to model; you're human perfection. And they'll pay you like crazy, and it will give the 'omega fashion industry a new direction'," she said, making quotation marks in the air with her fingers.
They finally moved to a table. It was a corner booth, so more privacy. The waiter recognized them and gave them complementary breadsticks which Steve immediately tucked into. Natasha was quietly drinking her drink; she looked angry still in a pensive sort of way. At Steve, probably. Maybe Tony too. Steve wasn't sure anymore. It was the look she'd wear just after landing his ass on a gym mat: one of pure concentration.
"That leather jacket you have is nice! The one with the green inside!" Happy offered through the tablet and Steve smiled.
. He changed back into his jeans and tee.  The cabin crew had enough sense to leave them entirely on their own. They were sat in one of the back cabins, Steve's laid out with his head in Tony's lap, his eyes half drooping shut. Tony raked his fingers through the short blond hair and felt a weird sense of... loss, almost.  He loved long hair.  He loved running his fingers through a woman's long, silky hair and here he was, bonded to a male omega who had just miscarried and who was already bonded to some other guy.
T'Chaka nodded quietly, more in understanding than agreement.  "To be sure, this is a tragedy that affects us all. I hope you can abide a request for me, on behalf of my country."
Not tell Natasha.  Sure.  That was probably for the best.  Why would they possibly tell Steve's friends?
Carter, I was thinking.  About SHIELD.  You know, part of the reason it's weird for me to join is, I don't want to just follow in my dad's footsteps.  Sometimes I feel like I don't have a lot of... control over my life.  Like, it seems like I keep getting dragged into things he was involved with.  The company, and now SHIELD..."  He shrugged a little.
Tony remembered speaking to DeSoto's Alpha during the night and remembering wanting to win him but could not, for the life of him, remember why.  Surely he had had a damned good motivation for wanting to win another human being. DeSoto wasn't his type, which meant there was something else interesting about him, but Tony could not think of what that could possibly be.  He was sure that, if he spoke again to DeSoto's Alpha, he could probably remember it, but DeSoto was here, now, and he felt like if he waited until later he would miss out on some sort of opportunity.
"I could still get to my family's by tonight if I left in the next few hours," Pepper pointed out softly, testing the waters.
Tony scurried out of the way.  Tiberius was grinning. "...I have to admit, this is going to be a lot of fun to watch," he said.
"Sixty.  I lost my first," said Dr. Gleason.  He nodded to them.  Or rather, nodded to Steve.  "Bed rest," he added, pointedly.
They'd already cut off Steve's shirt and pants.  They were relatively surprised to discover he wasn't, for the most part, injured, aside from an ankle that was either sprained or broken.  It was difficult to tell because clear Steve had been hobbling around on it and it was badly swollen. Natasha had already set it while Steve was half-conscious; he moaned weakly in pain and protest.
He was shivering, he realized. Steve swallowed and rubbed a hand over his face. His skin felt warm. He frowned and looked up at the cell ceiling. There was small little vents and the air rippled as something left them and flooded into the cage. "Oh no," Steve whispered and looked away from the vents and back to Bucky. "Soldier." He tried to sound commanding. "Stay where you are."
Because he wasn't an especially dominant Alpha?  He couldn't help it; his mother was a beta, it was his nature, he couldn't change how he'd been born.  Or was it something else?  His constant trouble-making?  His imperfect tennis backhand?  Tony had spent probably over a thousand hours in tennis lessons at the club, and the only thing he had learned was that he loathed tennis.  He had even looked up the inventor of tennis in the hopes that the bastard had died young and of tragic, painful causes.  Unfortunately, he learned that Walter Wingfield had passed peacefully of natural causes at the age of 79.
"...oh, boy, well... we're all on probation and under house arrest.  Clint and Natasha disappeared together to some safe house, I don't know the details.  Me and Phil, we're confined to the base. They're, uh, they're bringing us up on some pretty... some pretty rough charges.  But I think they'll be dropped. Fury is spitting mad but he's fighting for us. You know how he is. ...I think everyone's just... glad you're back."
Pepper looked sorry for bringing it up.  "...so... where do you want to meet?" she said to Steve after a moment, trying to steer the conversation back to business.  "Malick's going to be in town by five so I was thinking six-thirty for dinner reservations."
He decided to ignore Steve.  He didn't want to think about him, or look at him.  He turned to Fury instead.
Tony wondered if he meant the Dora Milaje.  "...okay," he said slowly, finally. "I won't intervene.  You have my word. ...but if you change your mind, you know, I really don't mind coming in and--"
or something?"  Tony didn't add that his "friends" were really associates and people he invited to parties and women he slept with and then didn't take out to breakfast the next morning.  The people Tony actually cared about were limited to Pepper, Happy, and Rhodey, and two of those people were furious with him and probably not talking to him.  Tony didn't really understand "friends."  He'd never had them.  Rhodey had been the first friend he'd ever made, in college.  Before that, Tony had been too isolated; he was never able to connect or relate to his peers.  He was Howard Stark's son and, worse, he gained a reputation for being devastatingly, intimidatingly intelligent.
Steve rushed over to Rhodey's side, pushing past the throes of drunk people. "Rhodey!" He called out the get the man's attention. An Alpha in the army. He was disciplined and respectful. Steve had worked with many like him, back, in the day. He found Rhodey's presence oddly calming, though he never got to see him much.
"You just think that because you're pregnant," said Tony dismissively.  He was lying on his back on the couch in a wifebeater and a pair of ragged jeans, barefoot, and one of his arms was sheathed in a gauntlet.  He had been fine-tuning the grip all morning, flexing his fingers, listening to the gears whirl and click, making tiny little adjustments with a set of watchmaker's tools on the table beside him.  He had declined joined Steve and Aria for yoga because they always ended up going early and Tony loathed "early."
...was it because of the lab, or because of him?  Was Tony disgusted by him?  Repulsed at seeing Steve in action?
sweet. He dressed in running gear, knowing Tony would still be in the lab. Then he went up to the gym. Steve didn't fancy risking going outside, even parts of the beach would be probably deserted. The conference had gone well, technically, but had still been a very harrowing experience. Sex and work might be Tony's outlet, but Steve's was definitely exercise.
"You can't help what you get turned on by Tony," Steve assured him, voice totally calm. He didn't look annoyed like Tony might have expected; he just looked understanding. "And I know you don't mean it in a degrading way. You can't help how you
.  The food was great and the alcohol was strong and everyone was being a hell of a lot more welcoming now that his collar was off.  Tony was actually
Steve just shrugged. "As stupid as it sounds, I didn't intend to upset anyone. At least..." His gaze drifted over to Tony's unconscious form. "Not like this."
Steve gave a small shake of his head.  They were not talking about this right now.  Steve could not afford to get distracted by his personal problems while they were on a mission.
Steve cried out in relief as Tony's fingers pressed inside him, thick and warm just like he remembered them. Two almost wasn't enough but he couldn't even begin to try and articulate his need for more. He was a mess underneath Tony, his back arcing up as much as it could and his head tilted back. His blue eyes were glazed over in arousal, pupils blown wide. He'd missed this. Steve had missed being this close to Tony and he'd missed Tony making him feel this
"Do you think we could cut his shirts up instead of pressing them or would that just get Donner in trouble?" Steve sighed.
"I mean, it's not that permanent... I think you can get it reversed," interrupted Tony.  "And he's got family! He's got a cousin... and he's about to have another cousin! A... what... cousin three time removed?  Two whole cousins!"
"Is there anything I can do to make you feel better?  You want me to read you one of those letters? You want the rest of my strawberries?  Pepper never puts strawberries on waffles for some reason. Dunno why." Tony looked anxiously at Steve, but Steve seemed distracted, lost in thought.
"If we set alarms on his phone, they might actually do it," Aria sighed and took Steve's phone out of his back pocket without asking. It was fine. He was more interested by Clint on the fridge and Tony bickering. He frowned.
Steve watched the goo of the egg slowly drag down the window, a smear of yellow in the centre. He felt oddly overwhelmed - that people could both like and hate him so much. He had thought that, if anything, Alphas would simply pay no heed to him. He never thought they would actively go after him like this. He thought back to Malick saying he would surely want to be an Alpha. And he didn't. But he didn't really want to be an omega right now, either... if he was a betam things would be
Aria let go of Steve and pushed him towards a chair. "Do you have the thing? So he won't get knocked up?"
"You know Tony doesn't want one." Aria opened her mouth to respond but Steve continued, "and there's nothing wrong with that. It's fine."
Below him, Steve's body was still breathing, in and out, rhythmically.  Hypnotically.  Tony could have fallen asleep on him, but he was too stressed out to sleep.  He might never sleep again.  Every time he started to relax he remembered the smell of Steve's blood and the dander on his neck went up all over again.
"Oh my God. Burgers. Yes please." Aria was starving and exhausted and grabbed one out of the bag, taking Pepper's hint before she stood with her newly acquired food and headed out onto the balcony. She took out a cigarette and lit it up as she stared out over the gardens out back. They were quite lovely. Steve could write his own tweets.
Steve didn't want to fight with him. But he also didn't have the energy to pretend everything was okay. It wasn't. And had Tony seen the footage of him in that cell? He didn't want him to. He didn't want anyone to. He prayed no one thought to download it.
"The auction will start soon," DeSoto said, breaking the quiet that had settled between them. He was clearly curious about who Steve had been talking to on the phone, but didn't ask.
Tony snorted and looked up at Rogers.  "Told you he was drinker.  This is only gonna get worse, you know.  Speaking of drinks, Steve, I thought I asked you for a scotch?"
Steve traced his fingers over the metal rim of the arc reactor under his shirt gently. He felt enraptured with it all over again, the blue glow in the dim room ethereal. Steve smiled faintly and his blue eyes flitted up to finally meet with Tony's again, the moment strangely intimate. Steve almost blushed again. Maybe he did a little, but it was hard to tell in the off-coloured light.
)  Huffington Post and Fox had stories on Monaco, but both were secondary to the news about Steve.  (Huff Po:
Tony didn't care anymore if Steve killed or tortured people.  He didn't care if SHIELD was the very sort of agency he'd denounced merely two years ago, the kind the operated without accountability.  (Yes, he'd figured it out. The reason they sent only four agents in the middle of the night... plausible deniability. They were operating in a  country not technically within the United States' jurisdiction and presumably without anyone's actual approval.)
It was Natasha calling. He answered. "Nat? Hm?" He tried to sound normal, like he hadn't been impaled on Tony's dick about ten seconds ago. "What is it?" Steve asked. "Now isn't a good time..."
He wanted to give Steve control, let him set the pace, but it was agonizing not to buck his hips up into the omega, especially when they were kissing; Steve's soft, wet lips were on his, he was deliciously warm and wet inside, and something about the way Steve's hips and ass moved on top of him drove him crazy.  He was aware that he was gripping Steve's flesh, hard, his fingers digging into him, but Steve only seemed encouraged by it and Tony was thrilled that Steve was so solid.  Tony had previously fucked a lot of delicate, wispy women and he loved being able to manhandle Steve without worrying about hurting him; he loved feeling Steve respond to his touches, loved being a little rough with him, loved knowing that his omega was not only good-looking but functionally strong and sturdy as an ox.  It was weird, because he'd never had chosen those traits consciously, but now that he recognized them in Steve, he couldn't imagine ever going back to the way things had been.  How many times had blonde ridden him in this very bath?  Dozens, easily.  But this was on a completely different order of magnitude; it was like they were doing something for the first time and Tony was quivering under Steve with the effort it took not to set the pace himself, fuck the omega stupid.
The blond's gaze followed Steve's hand as it traveled to his waist.  "I wouldn't do that if I were you," he said, calmly. "If there's anything I've learned, Rogers, it's that everyone has an agenda.  My sister and I have been alone since we were ten, and nothing is given for free. Things that are free are
Tony sighed with relief when Steve pressed a cold, wet cloth against it.  "I got it," he said, waving Steve away, taking the cloth from him. Tony didn't like people touching the back of his neck.  Not even Steve.
It was like his body was singing, calling to him. Steve felt like he was on fire, every part of his body tingling and as Tony thrust into him-
"I'm not the loser here, Rudyard Whipling.  Go to hell," spat out Tony, kicking the remains of the other man's arc reactor that were scattered over the ground.  The other man, though, didn't seem upset.  He giggled uncontrollably as he was dragged away, and Tony stared down at the crushed and melted pieces of his arc reactor, wondering how in the fuck he'd been able to construct it in the first place.
He frowned. He looked down. His leg felt... strange.  Tingly. Steve reached down and pulled- was that a
"Steve!"  Tony picked up Steve's ragdoll body in his arms easily.  Steve looked pale and gaunt; he had bags under his eyes and his lips were cracked and he looked like he hadn't showered in over a week.  To Tony, he'd never been more beautiful.
"Right. Swell.  So," Steve said as he turned back to the conversation. "Just, like, one quick question. You know you can't
Tony grinned, clearly delighting in embarrassing her.  He got up to get himself another drink. Tony was all about pre-gaming and it was just about time for the guests to start arriving.  He spied Happy; he lifted a hand in greeting. "Hey, Happy. ...didn't you bring a date?"
"How in the hell would HYDRA magically get into my brain and mix up one of their assasins with my ma-- with Bucky?" demanded Steve.  "And why would Bucky even be-- he's
Steve shivered a little as Tony's hands ran through his hair and he looked up, licking the butter from the toast off of his fingers. "I like the light. S'good for drawing," he said. Steve had stayed up many a night drawing under the dull blue glow when he couldn't sleep. But the light itself never kept him up. Back in the forties he'd lived in a city, and his ma hadn't been able to afford proper curtains; he was used to light streaming into his bedroom and he was good at sleeping through it.
Steve sucked in a breath and curled his arms tighter around himself. A lump formed in his throat. He was pretty sure he was going to cry.
Steve watched a man carefully move an ice sculpture on a cart, temporarily fascinated, before turning his attention back to Pepper.
Tony huffed a few more times, then tried to make light of the subject.  Humor had always served him well.  "...that guy got what was coming to him, huh?  Poetic justice.  An Alpha trying to... trying to do that and then getting killed by the omega.  That's actually sort of... beautifully ironic, huh?"
Steve sighed fondly and kissed Tony's cheek, the least sore looking one. "Well, I certainly wouldn't kneel for Pitbull. God...what a stupid name, okay? So maybe you didn't get to finish the fight. Maybe I don't know anything about being dominant. But I certainly wouldn't be submissive for him." Steve made sure to meet his gaze. "Only you."
"Something with mushrooms. I haven't had mushrooms in ages," Steve mused. He half smiled. "I don't think I wanna watch something with a lot of singing in it, to be honest. Maybe
Steve distantly wondered if he should drink at all. Him getting drunk didn't go too well last time.  And Aria had warned him about how famous people always tried to outdo each other.
for him. He was already a little hyper from the morning and realized the tingle down his spine was probably a telling one. But Steve would only be going into preheat; in his mind, he was going to be fine.
Well, least he had some spunk in him when he got upset. Or maybe the pregnancy was just helping with that.
, it was a Captain America cake.  Bunny was sitting on the table beside Tony, a birthday hat on his head.  Tony had no memory of that and felt something akin to betrayal that Peggy Carter had these photos; if they ever leaked, it would ruin him.  They were...
"His old Alpha is here," said Steve.  "And his... his 'second' omega is in our hotel room," Steve said, his mind spinning with the revelation. "They know his real name.  They
Pepper rolled her eyes.  "Of course you do.  Call me tomorrow so we can start dealing with this.  Oh!  Your publicist wants to know if you're doing the Geneva Motor Show this year, it's in March.  I think they want you to give some sort of speech, I don't think it's a good idea to call any more attention to the Monaco disaster, but--"
The pool itself was gorgeous. The tiling was a mix of deep greens and blues, just like the sea, and the pool's edge was arched into an attractive curve. Naturally, the water was warmed. It was appealing and the thought of just floating in the water until all the stress bled out of him was very tempting.
The thought of being with a woman did make Steve curious. But he was only really attracted to Alphas and he was pretty sure that Tony couldn't deal with another Alpha in the bed--
"Fifty shots a day is what I call Tuesday," joked Tony, trying to grin.  "And if he's right, if I'm drinking eighty-six ounces a day, I'm
Happy drove them home; by the time they reached Malibu, it was nearly dawn.  They were greeted with an unpleasant surprise; there was a small SWAT team on their lawn, at least a dozen policemen, and several men in suits.
"Asset. Get the blood samples. Hopefully you will be more complacent with us in the future, captain."
"I've got connections.  They were... renting him out, essentially. We paid a lot for him but we got him out of there."
"...as you know, Barnes was well-decorated post-humorously and is widely considered to be a war hero for his service in the 107th and the Howling Commandos," said Malick.
and Steve could feel himself squirming, his thighs getting wet. His breath was hitched and when he looked up all he could see was Tony.
Steve stirred.  Tony had been sitting by the bed all night, staring at him through heavy-lidded eyes.  He was on his sixth cup of coffee. He'd thought Steve would never wake up; it was already morning and Steve had slept through two nurse changes.  Everyone ignored Tony, for which he was grateful.
In this chapter: a big announcement, Pepper's origin story, cookie foreshadowing, and the offspring of The Devil in Pink.
He tilted his hips up and then it was angled just right and Steve cried out at the sensations as Tony gave him everything he wanted. He shivered beneath him in want, blue eyes so dark they were almost black, and came without realising it again. Steve moaned quietly when Tony came undone himself and filled him up so wonderfully.
"Sam, we're headed to you. Tony's calmed down a bit. You need to stay in the cockpit; we don't want you smelling Steve."
thought I'd have a normal holiday... I'm going to miss my flight... ugh... I'm not blaming you, Steve... here, eat this sandwich."  She shoved another bottle of water and a peanut butter sandwich at him. "Gleason says he's on his way, too.  Okay? So this is all under control."
The moment they descended the stairs, Pepper let out a noise of protest.  "Oh, no. No, no, you two aren't wearing that. I had to reserve the entire lounge due to security concerns, and the media's going to be all over the place.  Tony, at least put on a tie."
Tony hung up on her and darted out of the hotel room.  Fuck, how the hell had he managed to get distracted? Steve could cover a ton of ground if he wanted to; he had no idea where Steve was.  He tore down to the lobby, but Steve was gone. He managed to yell at the concierge ("
Steve reached up shakily to touch the back of his neck, where Tony had bitten him; it was bleeding. It was nothing dangerous but it was a considerable amount. And it
Steve was feeling humiliated and small. The last thing he wanted was doctors prodding at him after Fury's goddamn character assassination. Yes, Steve was an idiot. Yes, he couldn't do undercover- he was never cut out to be a spy. But he was still a captain and Fury
Did Steve even know what Takotsubo syndrome was?  Could you get Takosubo syndrome if you weren't bonded?  Would he have ever agreed to go undercover if he knew he'd end up killing Tony this way?  Because Tony was sure he was dying.  How ironic.  He'd saved his life, he'd replaced the reactor... now he was alive... but he was dying, suffering... pining for Steve... and, conveniently, he'd already put all his affairs in order, expecting to die... he had given away the company and the suit and made provisions in his will for what remained of his art collection, his cars, his guitars... which had been destroyed today, anyway...
"All you've done is get me into trouble since the day I met you," Donner sniffed loudly. "You're the one ruining my life. Not Gideon.  If they'd never unfrozen you, he wouldn't have given me up in the first place."
Steve let Tony get the towel himself, not wanting to emasculate him in anyway, and tilted his face up for his Alpha to clean up when he returned from the bathroom. Steve blinked up at him as he wiped the last of his spent away, blue eyes shiny. "Tony." He nuzzled against his Alpha's thigh, hands curling into the sheets as he resisted the urge to grind against the them like a frustrated teenager.
Steve couldn't hide his dislike of the man. Something deadly flashed over his face whilst he imagined how easy it would be break the man's neck. Or maybe he'd rip his bottom jaw off. He wanted to make him suffer before he died.  Steve was normally one to make deaths swift and painless.  But this man did not deserve that.  What he had done to Bucky... he was evil.  Truly and fully
"So am I. I was thinking of wearing the Cap uniform; would that be weird? I just, maybe the kids..."
He was just trying to show Donner how gross Gideon was! He never thought it would come of anything, he never thought he would try to...
"...maybe HYDRA is trying to make him go crazy," said Tony.  "Maybe their plan is to get him so fucked up in the head that he goes to them willingly."
But before Tony could respond the psychologist started answering a question. "I think it's well and good saying an omega can lead, but there's always risks. His nature makes him vulnerable. What about heats? What about Alphas? Captain Rogers has proven we should never underestimate omegas and what they're capable of- but because of him, omegas will be encouraged to put themselves in more dangerous situations. What happens if an omega captain is captured and forced into a heat? That's why they aren't allowed into the army. Their biology is a strength, but it's also a weakness."
One of them was eyeing him suspiciously.  "Perhaps his failure is due to a failure in his programming."
"Oh, and here's his deputy, Judy..."  Judy was an omega. "...she's ready to start slappin' on some cuffs, aren't you, Judy?  ...back there are the outhouses, and then if you look to your right, you'll see the tent where we've got the generators--"  Tony's nose wrinkled at the word
"No, really, Pepper, I don't mind all these boring meetings.  It's good for me to check in once and a while, make sure you're not slacking off.  All these earnings look great."
later."  He stifled a yawn.  His hair was still a mess despite his attempt to get it in order.  "I'll come get you by one in the morning, okay? If you need me, just text, I charged both our phones, just in case.  Don't fight anyone even if they're being a dick."
"Perfection isn't easy, Steve," said Tony seriously, carefully applying gel to his hair.  "I'm not going to go down to Pendleton looking like a slob.  ...you wanna drive?" he added, glancing behind him with a devilish grin.  "I've got a nine hundred horsepower car with your name on it downstairs.  What did you drive in the forties, a buggy or something?  There's a McLaren downstairs that can do zero to sixty in less than three seconds.  It's fun as hell."
Tony settled down onto the couch opposite to DeSoto's.  DeSoto's eyes followed him instead of the television.
Inside, Tony's interest had been refocused from Jeanette to a flutter of activity across the room.  He perked up (the hairdresser made an impatient noise at the sudden movement) and hissed, "
On the other line, Pepper was seated at her desk; she was on her third cup of tea and had been at work since six on the dot.  Her knowledge of Tony's whereabouts had been woefully inadequate the last few days; since Monaco, she felt she'd earned a break.  As far as she knew, Tony had insisted on throwing a party, half-demolished his house, estranged his best friend, possibly given up the suit design (she had the S.I. patent lawyers on speed dial), disappeared for two days, and, if social media was to be believed, had recently been spotted in a bar in Koreatown, where he had bought everyone free drinks and nearly beaten up someone (in some versions he'd attacked him with a spoon) for no discernible reason.
