Cas shook his head, but he wasn’t sure what Dean would think of his excuse.  “My instinct says he’s got at least one more bout of panic to get through before he’s ready, Dean.  I feel like he’s in a hurry because he can feel it coming, and he wants to be locked in before it hits.  I don’t think it’s a good idea to humor this impulse.  I want them to marry because they want to, because they need to, not because Gabe’s afraid he’ll run for the hills if he doesn’t marry her right now.”
Dean whispered to her, “You told me that you think you and Cas are mismatched. That’s bullshit, April. Two mates couldn’t be more perfect for each other. You are perfect together. Lonely for friends, maybe, but lonely for a soulmate? No way. That was a lie.”
Cas turned it around on him. “Why did you let me build it?” he asked pointedly. “What did you think we were going to be teaching them? Hygiene?”
His fingertips crossed Dean’s shoulder again, lightly skirting the crusted scabs where Alpha made his Claim on one side, and passing over the spot, fully healed now where… Wait. Michael looked up as his thumb pressed in against Dean’s right shoulder, high up near the curve of his throat. He focused in the dim morning light and ran fingertips over it again.
choice. I have a very good memory, Dean. Maybe you’ve forgotten, but you drilled it into me. You said you weren’t going to lock me in the house and that I had a say in where I went and how I was seen.” Michael faced off confrontationally, and Dean realized the Omega had prepared himself for this. Michael had the advantage. Dean was the one taken by surprise. His alpha didn’t like that one bit.
Cas nodded.  Kali could look after Kate, but Sam would be looking after Kali.  She might find distracting herself by focusing on Omega care worked to get her mind off her disappointment, but she was in no condition to be left to her own devices.  Kali wasn’t nearly as unaffected as she appeared, and she had Gabriel to support as well.  Cas regretted sending Dr. Barnes off to Dallas to shore up the shaky leadership there.  She had a way with distraught Omegas; had more than once proved essential in helping Gabe process the thunderstorm in his head.  Cas had no doubt she could help Kali too.  But she was gone.
“Are you concerned with my ethics, beta, or simply that I may have left enough loose strands that it could come undone?”  Castiel didn’t seem offended, merely curious.
“Looks more like Alex made it,” Dean commented uncharitably. “Guess they had to try to draw attention away from the photo somehow. I suspect you broke the camera, so that’s probably the only pic she had.”
“Ready to get back to it?”  Cas lowered his chin and dropped his voice.  Dean rewarded him with a shiver and a grin.
Dean’s hormones caught up with his anxiety again and bubbled over onto the Alpha. “Jeez, Cas! No pressure! What if he doesn’t catch? It happens sometimes, you know! Sometimes it takes a few rounds. You gonna follow up behind me and do the job yourself? Hey, I got an idea! How about I just hand him over to you in the first place? Huh? You just go ahead and knock him up…”
“It’s like he doesn’t even care, but I know he does.  He isn’t talking much, but his eyes follow Dean everywhere.”
“What the hell is going on here?” Castiel demanded as Sam let Dean go and stepped back with a hand to his own face. Clearly, Cas hadn’t made it in time to stop every blow.
for you.  You have three brand new big brothers who think you’re the greatest creation ever to step foot out of Oklahoma.  You have a corps of music-savvy builder ants sculpting a career out for you and lining the path with golden bricks, so you don’t ever have to worry about splinters in your feet.  All you have to do is follow their instructions, and with your talent, the career builds itself.”  Michael laid her life out as he saw it, line by line, but his tone stayed carefully nonjudgmental.  He was doing the calculations in his head as he spoke.  He was finally starting to work it out for himself, and April simply watched him, standing several feet in front of him like a petitioner in audience with a king.  She didn’t interrupt.
He worked his jaw and then turned back.  “How about if I promise only to work in two areas per day but I switch up which two?  I can put in a couple of hours before breakfast on my book, and then play it by ear as to what needs my attention after that?”
Michael broke into a grin, his teeth gleaming in the darkness.  He laughed and lowered his head to seek out a morning-breath kiss from April, who was only too happy to comply.  The sounds of their breathing turned guttural and desperate, the bed pulsing beneath them, and they came one right after the other, moaning as they wrapped around each other.
“My point stands, Alpha. You get unbalanced easily when you’re stressed. Having your mother beat herself nearly to death is a lot of things, and stressful is one of the big ones. You need a scene.”
“Oh, really? Why would you do that?” April was suddenly prickly. She swallowed, set her feet on the floor, and sat upright. Her irises flashed golden. “I don’t need out of the consequence I earned, Dean.”
“I’m fine here, Sam,” she responded quickly.  “If it’s okay with you, I’ll just sleep here tonight and swing by the house for a change of clothes in the morning.  I don’t need to be in early.  It’s not on the clock.”
“You saw my note?” Michael unloaded his frustration on the only target in the room, and Castiel absorbed it with grace. “Did you see the pictures?! He went right around his punishment, and he threw it right in my face! What the fuck, Castiel?!”
Castiel lost himself in the warm, comforting scent of Omega.  Of Mate.  His hips rutted sleepily into her as he spooned her close and drifted away.  His body and his mind sought fulfillment in the hazy moments before sleep enveloped him, in the brief interlude when he dropped all of his walls.
“Yeah.  He’s…floating.  He’s confused and scared.  He thinks he’s in danger, I think.  Shhh, Dean.  You’re all right.  Can you look at me?  Look at me Dean.”
Dean went through his regimen thoroughly, listening inside his head for any sign that his Omega might stir soon. But Michael was out completely. Dean’s watch told him it was one in the morning. His body told him it was time for another round. Dean rolled his eyes and ignored his hard-on. (Soon, buddy. Give me a break here. I need to sleep too), he told his sore and straining cock silently. Is it weird to talk to your penis?
“Families with young children,” Cas repeated the announcer’s call. “That’s us. Ready? Where’s Jess?”
She nodded, but she didn’t seem to believe him.  “Before I do this, I want you to know that I love you, and it’s been an honor to have been a part of this pack.”
In short order Dean flicked a text to Sam that he needed to find his own ride home after practice, then he surrendered everything in his pockets and his bag to the professor’s custody. Dr. Novak let him get a cup of water on their way back from the bathroom. Dean’s nerves sent him reeling for far too long as he tried to sketch out a rough outline on the first page in the stack he was given. His heart hammered. He wasn’t expelled, but he still needed to pass. His plan to graduate in three years depended on advancing each step as it came. He already had his summer classes picked out, and there was no room for any repeats.
“Because I know you, little brother,” Dean calmly gave up all pretenses and pressed the advantage.  He DID know Sam.  “We’re going to forge a new way of doing things!  You would get to stand forward in the van and lead the way.  I know you hated those asswipes with their paddles and their sneers back in school.  And you know what?  So does everybody.  Don’t be that, Sam.  Make it different.  Make it about the need, not the power.  Goddamnit, don’t you see?  You could take what you do for me and turn it outward to help thousands, tens of thousands.  You’re not gonna fool me into thinking your wolf doesn’t feed off it when you take me on.  I know better, man.  You might fool a lot of people, but you’re not fooling me.  Look, just listen to what Cas has to say.  Give him this one chance.  Drink his free beer.  Eat his snacks.  It’s all on him.  If you listen to him, and I mean really listen to his vision, and you still want to be a cop, I won’t say another word.”
She couldn’t stifle a laugh at the last one. “You don’t need to thank me, Sam. It’s my dream come true too. You know that. And you’re going to be the most wonderful father. You tamed me with a snap of your fingers, right?—gave me just what I needed—and you’re going to be just what they need. You wait and see. I know you’re scared—me too—but we can handle this.”
“Okay then, so, not my belt.”  Michael stood in the middle of the room for a moment then dug idly through his dresser.  “Oh, I know.  How about my shower brush?  It’s heavy and wooden.  I think the handle’s strong enough.  The back is really flat.  Will that work?”  Michael was in the restroom, calling back out to Dean.
“What are you suggesting?” she asked.  “Apply to another program?  It took me every connection I had to get this spot.  I can’t walk away from it.”
Cas came endlessly, it seemed, shooting off inside Dean’s body with a jerking pulse that rubbed hard against Dean’s prostate. It only took Cas wrapping his fist around Dean’s sensitive knot to send him tumbling too, soiling the comforter below the two wolves.
Balthazar felt it coming.  He wrapped his arms beneath Jake’s shoulders, embraced him tight and intimate, stuttered a little, and then came hard, losing himself in the agonizing pleasure of a hard-won orgasm.
“Next time you try that stunt, Dean, I’m going to give you only half of what you want and I’m going to find an alternate punishment that you hate to make up the difference.  But I’ll make you a deal.  Next time you want me to lay you raw, just tell me, and it’s all yours.  Got it?  You don’t need to break our house to get stripes on your ass.  It’s hard on the furniture.  Don’t push me.”
“I see.” Sarah’s voice was cold. “Some alpha woman you don’t even know means more to you than I do.”
Castiel took the conversation in hand in a professional manner.  “All right.  There’s one more point of business I need to attend to before we move to the formal portion of the evening.  Thank you to Ellen, Jo, Benny, and Bobby for serving as witnesses.  You have been the closest of friends to Dean and me over the years, and I appreciate your support.  I want you to know that my invitations to all three of you remain open, but I understand why you’ve selected not to accept them.  Does anyone else have anything they need to say?”
“No, you’re not.  That was first rate work, alpha.  I’ve got no complaints…except maybe how much grit I have in my hair…”  Michael stood up too and shook his head out like a dog.
“This way!” hissed Claire to the lost puppies.  “Oi!!  Pay attention!!  This way!”  It was a good thing they were already blown.  Claire really didn’t do quiet.  “I’m not carrying driftwood,” she snapped at Krissy, but she helped the alpha load up again, and they got the others moving.
Castiel purred and fitted himself back into place straddling Dean’s legs.  He kissed Dean’s throat.  Kissed.  Nipped.  Licked.  Down his chest, suckling aggressively on Dean’s nipples one by one.  Dean’s left hand closed silently around the squared spindle of the wooden railing beside him.  He moaned in unfeigned delicious erotic sensation at the pain/pleasure Cas’ lips and teeth wrought upon his nipples.  But even as he reveled in sensation, he eased a foot into place on the step below him and slowly, with hand and foot, he slid his butt up to the next step.  Castiel let Dean’s body slide upward, tugging the nipple from between his teeth in a stinging pull and presenting him with ribs instead – ribs heaving with exertion and expectation.  Cas bit down on the sensitive flesh of Dean’s side, eliciting a yowl and rocketing Dean’s flattened body up into a V for self-protection.
“I didn’t have a choice, Dean.  He needed to see.  I wasn’t going to let him get hurt, but he was never going to accept his place in the pack without knowing who I am.  I swear I didn’t use it just to intimidate him.  I swear to you, love.”
“What? No! I mean, fuck, I didn’t ask him about it first, but he’s my Sub, Sam. I don’t need his permission to add spice to our scenes. Besides, I knew he was gonna love it. I’ve seen enough of you two on the internet to know he’s a showoff.”
“Dean and I need to head out real quick,” Benny broke in.  “Sorry to dash outta here, but we’ve got a curriculum meeting that we can’t miss.  Thanks again, Chuck.  Please enjoy the refreshments, and make yourself at home.  You’re welcome here any time.”  Benny hustled Dean through the door and exchanged a meaningful look with Bobby before he pulled it closed behind him.
Benny’s new betas would stay at the Winchester estate in the Gate house.  It was an elegant plan.  Cas needed to leave town tomorrow for a couple of pivotal meetings in Dayton, and Benny was taking custody of April while her mate was gone.  Having his two new Packmates there as well meant that April could expect to be allowed to work uninterrupted, kept company by Andrea who was less likely to hover over her every move.
From the raised platform upon which the head table sat, Castiel could see the whole room.  He watched his guests from above, and he thought about what it had taken to make today happen.  The air was thick with the hormones of emotion.  It was his love for Dean and Dean’s return of that love that had brought a couple thousand people into the same place at the same time to celebrate.  How very odd that seemed to Castiel.  None of these people would be there for the day to day mundane choices and interactions that would bind their marriage.  Why did they all look so enthusiastically happy?  Why did it matter so much?  Was it simply the open bar?
April, Michael, and Sarah all make strides toward the careers they want.  Cas and Dean have tough choices to make.
“I knew he was close to hitting rock bottom, Michael, but he was coherent when I left him. He wasn’t alone for more than two hours. I know that seems like an eternity, and I know that the condition you found him in was alarming. I didn’t mean to distress you. I thought you understood where we were going with his punishment.”
He went on.  “I spent a couple of years in my youth with a Pack north of Vancouver.  A big part of me wanted to stay.  They were a genuinely peaceful lot.  Sex was out in the open.  It could get fierce.  Any time someone sparked a challenge, there would inevitably be bloodshed, but there was no resentment afterward no matter who won and who lost.  Both parties walked on once it was over, and the pack settled back into a natural fit again.  Sometimes the Claiming led to real injuries, but those times were rare.  The key was that everyone understood that the health of the Pack trumped everyone’s personal needs, but that it depended on everyone’s needs being met.  It’s circular.  No one hid their desires.  No one felt ashamed of their needs.  Red bottoms were as common as sunburned faces, and spankings were as frequent as meals.  It’s all the same to them, and they don’t give any of it a second thought.  If a Top desires a mounting, it happens, and it’s accepted.  Meanwhile, the hunting and fishing still get done.  New clothes are crafted when they need them.  Huts are repaired when they deteriorate.  They’re happy with their lives, even the Omegas, because everyone knows their place and what’s expected of them, and everyone knows they are valued and safe.”
“Your status is probationary to start with, alpha,” Cas reminded him.  “I made that clear in my proposal.  Once you’ve cleared the first hurdles and proven yourself to the Pack, we’ll discuss membership.  That is part of the deal, and I’m not reneging.  However, you aren’t going to waltz into my family without showing us you deserve it.  You’ll need to win Dean and April both over before that happens.”
It was another fifteen minutes before Castiel managed to make it back to his office. He felt wrung out. Charlie had promised him she’d put her head together with Becky and Ellen to get his appointments divvied up. All he need do was get through today, and he was a free man. Cas got to work, and soon he’d assumed his businesslike persona again. He slipped through the halls to the small practice room where Jeremy awaited him.
Castiel cracked open his suitcase and dressed in no hurry.  He chose a pair of tan slacks and a white dress shirt, rolling up the sleeves of the shirt.  As he emerged from the bedroom, he stepped around the three waiting wolves and spoke to Billie.
“And yet, you’ve come to love my mate as much as I do,” mused Castiel. “I don’t really understand why.”
“Did you like that?” he teased, nibbling her earlobe.  He was Castiel again.  She couldn’t have said how she knew the difference, and they never talked about how neither of them considered the great black beast a true aspect of Castiel, the person.  His wolf was a separate entity entirely.  It was an untamable creature.  It lived within the Alpha, but it wasn’t
He cocked his head and frowned. “It’s not a mess, beta. It’s a Mating. You’re going to be fine. Let it evolve organically. Don’t fight it, kiddo.”
April squealed miserably. She Released with a spasm that spread across her back, and then she went limp. Dean needed to apply only three more strokes, so he made them swift.
“Don’t speak crudely, Castiel.  You may practically bathe in the stuff in private, but there’s no need to speak coarsely about it to your mother.”
“Jess Winchester,” she corrected as she reached for Michael’s hand.  “It’s good to meet you.  I saw you on TV a couple of nights ago.  You guys clean up really well.  You should consider wearing tuxes all the time.”
Dean stayed resting on his hip, but he curled around Cas a little, bringing his head closer.  “Don’t give me that.  No one wants to be Omega.  Tell me you would be fine carrying the wolf you have inside you and an Omega’s channel.  Tell me there’s not an inherent advantage to being alpha over being Omega.  It’s easy to sit on the top of the pile and postulate that everyone else has it just as good as you do.  It’s bullshit, Cas.  Being Omega bites ass, especially for a Dominant.  Me, of all people?  Why, because I slipped through the ‘first-born curse’ cracks and grew a knot instead of a womb?  Because I study Omegas?  Man, it makes no difference how much I know or think I know.  Makes no difference how mentally prepared I was at eleven to what felt like an inevitability.  I’m not Omega.  I don’t know dick about what it’s like.  All I know is it bites.  And I know that it eats at Michael every minute of every day.  We have to take this slow, or he’s never going to accept his Secondary.”
“Insider trading only applies to publicly traded institutions. It doesn’t hurt to get the inside scoop, Donna,” Benny assured her. “So, what are we talking about—a merger or a buyout? We aren’t in so much trouble that we’re in danger of being taken over, and I’ll tell you one thing: I’m not ever going to answer to Crowley—not in this lifetime. How does this solve our insolvency problem?”
He swooped down on the little ones and scooped both of the loudmouths up at once, showering them each with kisses. “See? I’ve gotcha, you little monsters. And now you get pie
“We’re True-Mates, aren’t we, Cas?”  Dean’s voice was uncertain and soft.  He had his head lowered.  He looked as if he feared breaking something between them by saying the words out loud.
“And you!”  Michael fixed Cas with an angry eye as well.  “You owe me for this too!  You promised you’d back me up.  What the hell was that?!”
“Go to sleep.  We’ll talk tomorrow.  I want to take another look at you in the morning to make sure I didn’t miss anything, and I’ll make you a big breakfast if you’re good.”
Jake nodded, letting Balthazar untie the knot and push it off the beta’s shoulders.  He had on a simple jock strap, blue mesh, that hid his dick.  He was half hard and breathing deeply already.  “Jake, I really want to touch you.  May I, love?  Can I put my hands on your body?  You have the sexiest tummy.  I might have to lick it later.”
“I know. And I’m honored. Don’t doubt that.” Cas licked his lips and smiled tightly. “But you can demonstrate that in so many healthy ways. I don’t want to hurt you the way I did on Friday. Not like that, Dean.” Cas eyed the fading yellow at the apple of Dean’s cheek. “I want to hurt you beautifully. In ways that lift you up. Not in ways that suck you under.”
Cas fumbled with the button on his slacks, using his left hand so he didn’t have to stop spanking Dean’s upturned ass.  He made a grotesque dance out of shoving his pants down, ripping his own boxers in his haste.
“Nothing’s changed for me, Castiel,” she told him carefully.  “Maybe I don’t know how to put it into words in a way you understand, but I’ve told you what I want, and it hasn’t changed.”
The Omega turned his body a little so he could look back up at his mate.  “Still think I don’t need you?” he asked rhetorically.  Dean slapped his ass.
“I need you to speak with her, sir,” said the grim near-stranger in his kitchen.  Cas rolled his lips and turned to face the man, wiping his hands on a kitchen towel while balancing the pup against his shoulder.
“I’m a dilithium crystal.”  Dean pulled himself into a hug and held there.  Cas smelled so Alpha, Dean could get lost if he had more time.
“Everything’s fine, love,” Cas assured him. “Just a little disagreement with my new assistant. We’re working things out.”
“Oh.”  Dean rubbed the back of his neck.  He could feel Michael’s exasperated amusement, and he felt a little chagrined.  “When will you be home?”
“If that’s what you need to do.  I expect your mind may be ready to divert its attention from the gore and the horror at this point.  I expect you may find yourself ruminating on its relevance to your situation in particular.  You don’t have to be alone, Michael, but please understand, avoiding thinking about what’s happened isn’t going to help you heal.  Can you give it the morning at least?”
“No, Dean.  I’m just embarrassed.”  Michael peeked sheepishly at Cas over Dean’s shoulder as he melted into his mate.
This one's long, but there was a lot to do.  Skip the first part if you don't like April.  It's just there because I need to show a bit of the Training process every now and then.
Nicholas rolled his eyes.  “Forget the style, kid!  Just play the damned thing.  Did you really run outta here just to find evidence to prove me wrong?”
His Mating-bond flared warmly when she sensed his proximity, and he chuckled to himself. He’d sneaked up on her it seemed, but it was a pleasant surprise. Cas rounded the open glass doorway onto the rooftop garden, and he spotted her. She was beautiful and glowing as her eyes searched out his. Nick had her by the hand, and the two of them were in the middle of telling a story or joke to several others, men and women, apes and wolves. April’s eyes shone with vibrant life and amusement, and she fairly glistened in the moonlight. She appeared to be holding court alongside Nicholas Maraby, the darling of Broadway. Pride and ownership erupted in Castiel’s breast, and he smiled softly. April’s eyes flicked across the rooftop, and she grinned back at him, but she didn’t stop her story.
“No, no, Meg,” Charlie entreated.  “I need you.  No one else has a prayer at talking me down the way I’m really, really hoping you can.  You gotta help me.  Help me untangle myself.  No one keeps it all separate the way you do.  The last thing I need is to fall head over heels.  It was only supposed to be sex.  I dunno what went wrong.  You gotta help me figure this out.  What if she finds out and dumps me?  Oh, God, what if she
“Cas, stop.  There’s no need for that.  All I did was remind you who you are.  You did the rest.  You wanna have a Pack bed tonight?  It’s your call.  We’re here if you want us, but if you still need some space…”
“I’m not a pimp, Max. It’s a bona fide offer of employment, and you would be wise to listen to what I have to say before you cut your nose off to spite your face.”
“Sam, Ellen’s got Becky starting the paperwork.  We’re notifying the girl’s parents.  They only just dropped her off about fifteen minutes ago.  They shouldn’t be too far away yet.  We should try to hold him off until they respond in case they want to speak with him first.”  At the words, ‘hold him off’, Cas started growling again, low in his throat.  His wolf didn’t like that idea at all.
“You’re the Universist,” Cas retorted, losing his fight to hold the high ground for the moment. “Isn’t this ‘Perfect Balance’? Where else would Michael’s strength be succored instead of strangled? Where, but in
Michael! Your chances of storming up there and not being torn to pieces were fucking miniscule. There were cops already swarming in from every direction! It wasn’t on you to mount a solo rescue when you’re unarmed, untrained, and a fucking…!” Dean stopped, scrubbing both hands through his hair.
“Call Billie.” Cas was still fixated on his mother’s face. “Have her come here, but don’t tell her why. Use the code word ‘Biblical’ somewhere in your instructions to her but couch it. You understand?”
“I will arrange to have a chaperone with my mate while she’s working,” Cas decided and then added sarcastically, “She’s going to love that.”
“Okay.”  He wiped his hands along his thighs, stood and crossed to the sofa, sinking down and resisting reaching for her hands once more.  “Look, it’s animal instinct that developed very differently between the species.  We’ve always been closer to our roots than you Primates.  Over the eons, as your forebears moved down out of the trees and out onto the plain, your brains developed intellectually and emotionally, and you suppressed instinct.  You favored reason, problem-solving, and language to keep your societies tight and your families safe.  Your emotional bases filled to favor familial bonding, even some altruism which Lupins lack entirely.  But you lost most of the instinctive stuff.  It was a trade-off, and it worked for you.  Your pups are born more fully developed intellectually than ours, more ready to
“Yup.  Enslaved animal, maybe,” Dean clarified.  “Go deep into your fantasies, man, and let go.  I wanna be useful, but in the way a beer keg is useful, in how it gives pleasure to others, in how they take pleasure without thinking about the means.  No one cares whether the spigot filling up their pint is enjoying itself.  But no one takes a hammer to the spigot either, right?  Abuse the damned thing and it won’t work right anymore.  Are you following?”
“Now it’s your turn, Dean.  I gave you some time yesterday, but you promised you’d tell me why you were in trouble with Alpha, and what you were so angry about.”
“How would I know?  I haven’t seen or talked to her since we were fifteen years old.”  Sam steepled his fingers, his forearms resting on his thighs and hunched over, looking at the plush blue carpet so he didn’t have to keep seeing the concern on his brother’s face.  Dean leaned back in his chair and studied the ceiling.
“Alpha, Sir…?” Tony broke in bravely.  “Dinner, Sir, it’s gonna be ready in an hour.  Sorry it’s late.  Had an issue with the oven temp.”
“Go get my cane from my bag,” he instructed. He helped her up and swatted the back of her hand when she moved to rub the sting out of her cherry-red ass. She knew better. Castiel had her trained to perfection. She was testing him.
“You think so?” he asked with an amused twinkle, lifting his head in surprise and fixing her with a look that offered more where that had come from.  April chuckled gently.
“No jizz stains on the carpet, Fred, you dirty old man!” Dean called back to him, the butler already in the doorway.
Kate touched his fingers, pressing them into her reddened cheek slightly. “Next time, maybe,” she told him. She rolled her head and kissed his knuckles.
Dean broke in to clarify, “It would be like if I asked you what your areolas look like.”  She gasped and sat back, crossing her arms over her chest protectively, and Dean grinned.  “Exactly!  So, we don’t talk about it like that.  Casual relations would never ask, and our most intimate relations wouldn’t need to ask because they will have ‘seen’ our wolves for themselves, ya know?  Like your husband probably already knows what your…” Dean gestured toward her, and then stopped talking with a fierce blush, pretending not to see the stern look laced with dark promise that Castiel shot him.
“It’s not your place to protest,” he told her calmly, taking the stairs two at a time. “If both contestants agree—and they have—then the challenge proceeds.”
did that, Michael.  I felt you.  I felt you grow bigger inside.  You were magnificent.  You were on fire.  You were terrifying and beautiful.  You were so powerful, the air felt like it was made of crystal, and if you’d commanded it to, it would have broken into shards and dropped all of those creatures where they stood.  I’ve never felt so safe in my life.”
Dean caught Castiel’s eye.  “You see what you’ve done to him, Alpha?  I told you his head was too big for his shoulders already.  Now he’s going to be impossible to live with.”  Dean spoke from beneath Michael’s chin, and Michael angled his head to take hold of Dean’s cheek with his teeth.  Dean squealed an unmanly screech, summoning all four pups into the cozy center of their tight circle.  Soon they were all laughing too hard to continue their discussion and Cas had to scold two of his pups for emulating their O-Pop’s misuse of teeth on flesh.
Michael had waited too long on edge to last very long. He pulled Dean in by the back of his head and spilled down his throat with a deep groan. He stayed like that, his head thrown back, face to the ceiling, as the endorphins coursed through his body. Dean chuckled up at him without releasing his softening cock and Michael looked back down at him, stroking his hair.
“Guys, both of you.  Please, just stop and slow down and think it through.  I know twenty-three is pushing at your biological clock, my boy, but I beg you not to do this yet.”  Castiel let his desperation turn his voice pleading, and he hoped Michael’s Omega would respond to the familiarity before his wolf heard it.  “Just give it a year, two at the most.  It seems like forever, but it isn’t.  You’ve only known each other for a few weeks.  How can you possibly believe we’re – all of us – ready for a child?”  Cas sat forward, appealing to the Omega, then he shifted to speak to the alpha.
“Then as his mate, you’ll want to run interference before he gets himself into trouble,” Cas said. His damned eyes gleamed with potential and promise. Dean didn’t respond. He studied the floor with a wrinkle in his brow. Cas allowed him a moment to think and then broke the silence. “You wanted to know,” he reminded his husband.
Rachel shoved him off the couch with a whoomph and an unmanly squawk from Michael.  “None of your business, you creep.  But, um, he’s about got me convinced to sign up for a test.  I know his designations, and he even showed me his kink-rating.  I got to read the whole report, and it’s fascinating.  I’m getting more and more curious about my own.  Pop’s not going to pay for it, though.  I’m not the train wreck that you were.”
“Dean, please. He made me swear not to last time he moved. He’s bad off. He’s really sick. He doesn’t want you boys to see him like that. The man may be broken, but he’s still a man. He’s still alpha, and he has a right to his privacy.”
“She asked me if I could help her with full orgasm control. She wants to be able to hold it off or just fall into it at the drop of a hat. This is all April, Dean, not me. I’m going to try. We’ll see what she can do.” Cas took the timer back and began to set his desk up again. Things were strewn everywhere.
“If you wanna go in, go in,” insisted Michael rubbing the undercurve of his belly with a hard touch.
“Do you see, Emma?” he asked softly.  “Do you see the moon?  She’ll be watching over you, little one, for your whole life.  People will come and they will go.  Stages of your life will ebb and flow around you.  But Luna will always be the same.  There is very little that we can be certain of, my daughter.  Very little that persists.  Someday, you may need a reminder that all is not lost.  All you need do when that happens, my love, is to look to the heavens and find her waiting to reassure you.  What is has always been.  What will be has been before.  The moon persists.  And she is beautiful.”
After his mortifying panic attack that led to several humiliating hours in the emergency room, followed by a long silent drive home, Dean wasn’t sure anymore that what he was doing made any sense at all. He had been so certain when the plan came together that he could kill a flock of birds with one stone, but now he didn’t remember which birds he was aiming at. He’d talked it all over with Michael late into Saturday night, but he couldn’t quite wrap his head around why he was pushing so hard, other than that it was what his mate wanted. If Michael was having second thoughts too…? Third thoughts? Initially, Michael was dead set on having Dean all to himself, but he seemed to have changed his mind now. Did that change things?
Rachel was dressed and sitting sideways on the couch with a book in her hand, waiting for her parents to get up.  Michael squeezed her ankle as he sat beside her, and she smiled.
“I didn’t mean it.  It’s a shitty old habit!”  Dean scooted back up and stood before Michael.  “I didn’t mean it!  I want this, Michael!  Let’s do it.  Let’s do it next week after Charlotte.  I’m all in!  I’m sick of feeling torn in two and letting the shittiest side of me win out every time!  Please say yes!  I know I look unhinged right now, but I’m not.  I’m sure.  Please, Sir!”
“The pup will be fine.  The pup gets a strong, loving Pack where it is so wanted that we stood up and fought just to give it the right to
“Ho, shit, God…that feels…Christ, Dean!” Gabe moaned, pressing his ass back into the sensation of everything his body had been craving.  Kali’s face grew soft as she watched Gabe’s eyes squeeze tightly closed.  She ran fingers through his hair, sweeping sweat-drenched strands off his wrinkled forehead.  Cas watched her silently.  Her response to having her Omega taken in Heat by another…her response told him everything he hadn’t realized he still wondered.
“You shut up and stand there and wait your turn!” Benny snapped. “I’ve got a whole different ax to grind with you, beta!” He glowered for a moment and then turned back to the other two. “Falling out of Balance is unacceptable for any Omega, but it’s downright dangerous for an Omega with Ellen’s responsibilities. Shut up!” he snapped when Travis looked like he was going to say something. “No excuses. I’m not even gonna ask what you’ve got to say about this, because there’s nothing
“Oh, my.  You’re quite pretty, my dear.”  Naomi blinked.  “Castiel, surely this girl is too young to Mate.  Please tell me you’re joking.  I know you have a number of unsavory sexual practices, but I must draw the line a child molestation.  Really, Castiel!  This is an awful prank to play on your aging mother.”
“And once we’ve got all the test results, he’ll go into training,” Dean explained to Michael’s mother.  “We’ve chosen to have him do the training with tutors instead of with a class.  Your son’s really not a good fit for a classroom setting like most wolves are.  He’s going to need teachers who can focus in just on his needs.”
here, Dean. You do what you want to do. Whatever that is will be acceptable. I don’t like that you’re in pain, but this isn’t mine to fix.”
“And if he doesn’t? If he can’t? If the silt keeps flowing back into the hole he’s digging so that it looks like he’s not even trying?” Michael was livid. He was tired of all this shit. Dean yanked his chain. Cas put it all on Dean. Dean was sitting with the shrink right now trying to get his head on right.
“Please remain while I read and grade your work,” Professor Novak told him. Dean sank back onto the couch in defeat. His heart was hammering once again.
Where had she even taken this shot? Michael had not posed with Dean that day. God, they were beautiful together. Michael accidentally activated the page turn when he absently stroked a thumb down the image of Dean’s face, and he quickly navigated back to it. Dean’s expression was indescribable. Michael didn’t remember receiving that look from his mate that day. He’d been irritable, judgmental, and snappish. He’d instructed Dean to sit and stay, pointing him to an out of the way location and practically daring him to disobey. This face though. There was no disobedience in this face.
“Who knows,” answered Matt, distracted.  “Networking, probably.  He knows everyone in Kansas City.  This might look like an amateur dive, but if there are insiders here, he’ll find them.  It’s gimmicky, but my boy knows what he’s doing.  This is going to be real music, Alpha.  It’s not just glitter and posing.  The set band is real.  The performers are veterans.  They only adopt new faces if the newbs can prove they have the chops to hold their own and fight for stage space.  Divas don’t like to share.  April’s got her work cut out for her here.  Mark’s probably trying to see if he can get her a set at the piano.”
He chuckled and nuzzled his nose across the red mark his teeth had left at the knob of her spine. “As soon as we’re untied, we need to get washed up and on that coach. We’re late leaving now, and I don’t want the driver to try to make up the time by speeding.” He sighed a long and contented exhale, sounding very close to nodding off.
“The weakness to that is that it makes us emotionally vulnerable.  Metaphysical connections and instinct all work through the emotional centers of the brain, not the intellect.  It keeps us housed so much of the time in emotion.  We became masters of reading each other’s emotional states, but we also became extremely susceptible to the widest swings of emotion.  Our interdependence was both a blessing and a curse: a curse because there are times we cannot modulate our own emotions without assistance from the Pack, but a blessing because we are so much stronger as a Pack than any creatures have ever been alone.”
She smiled an unsettling combination of predatory and sweet at him and opened a broad office door. “Personal business,” she repeated.
The Pack had lost so many Omegas over the last 200 years; corresponding with the cultural shifts that brought the Pack out of their rural, forested communal villages and into the cities; corresponding to the Lupin rejection of their ancestral ways in attempts to assimilate with the Primates.  200 years of utter abandonment of Pack wisdom and common cures, their stories, their rituals, their practices, their sacred way of life had resulted in a rapidly disintegrating population of wolves, trying desperately to be what they’re not, wasting away and going crazy in back allies.  They’d traded their sense of Pack for the shiny glass and steel skyscrapers and the horseless carriages the apes had, and the Pack was suffering for it.  Castiel fumed every time he thought about it, and it was raising the hairs on the back of his neck as he busted through another swinging door on his way back to check on the boy.  Wolves were not apes. They needed the Pack.  They needed the hierarchy, the Claiming, the discipline, and the sex.  Wolves needed to be bathed in the semen of their alphas and needed to feel the iron hard hand of their Dominants on their flanks.  Every scientific study over the past twenty years showed the same result, in unequivocal terms: Wolves were not Apes.
“The hell they can’t,” he growled. “Come on. Move your ass. Think. Where would Nick take her?” He frog-marched her out the door, dropping a wad of bills at the front station to cover the table. If he lost his Ozzie, wasting Castiel’s cash would be the least of his worries. “I’m going to kill them both!”
“What were you doing in Naomi’s old room?” Michael grabbed two towels and left them by the shower entrance.
She smiled tentatively at first and then the smile grew bigger under his encouraging grin. She nodded with a blush. “I want to play my music for the whole world, Castiel.” He hugged her tightly enough that she had to pound his arm to get her breath back.
“Right. Sorry.” Dean scratched a response below the note. He was free all afternoon, which was a good thing. Now that he was busted, trying to focus on Calculus was going to be hard enough. It would be impossible to get through other classes without biting a hole in his cheek.
“Dean, I really don’t care much about Crowley.  We’ve talked it all through until there’s nothing left to talk about.  Whatever is going to happen will happen.  The subject bores the hell out of me.  Please, can we discuss important matters instead?”
Castiel was kneeling, fully dressed in front of Dean on the couch, kissing him soundly when Michael returned.  He suppressed a growl.  He knew that kissing was going to have to stay on the allowable list, but he didn’t like it.  He considered turning away but couldn’t make himself leave, so he stood awkwardly next to the kitchen table and waited until Castiel finished murmuring something to his mate and stood back up.
“He’s distressed because the last time he saw you, you wanted to pound his head through the stair!” Dean told the Alpha.  A quickly stifled chuckle from Bobby drew Castiel’s eye, but he brought it right back to Dean.  With a solemn pause, he turned to Michael.
It really didn’t last long.  His eyes were dry.  His breathing smoothed out immediately.  His father’s hand came to rest on his shoulder with a firm and simple squeeze before he let go and did the same to Gabriel.  Gabe sniffled again.  A look to the side showed Cas that Gabe’s cheeks were wet, and his face was clenched in pain and humiliation.
in trouble at school. It’s possible I sat inside for more recesses than I was allowed to participate in. It was difficult to make friends when I was always in detention or standing in the corner.”
Castiel lay with an arm folded sharply behind his head and another wrapped around his mate.  They were alone in the room everyone called April’s.  Cas rarely slept here but sleeping in the Master when Dean wasn’t there had begun to feel blatantly wrong.  The Alpha was thinking hard, and he knew the instant his mate emerged from the swirling tumble of her dreams.  She nuzzled his arm, and he tightened his hold in response.
“Michael?” Beatrice poked her head around the open steel door of Michael’s Chevelle, parked just so, polished until it shone in the garage’s track lighting. Michael, stretched out along the front bench with arms crossed over his chest and feet sticking right out the passenger door, jolted upward and crunched his left shoulder on the steering wheel.
This seemed to be a good argument. Sam felt his left arm weakening while the other got stronger than before. He also felt the weight on his chest growing drastically, pressing the air out of his lunges. He soon saw sparks in his vision and his throat burnt in the force he tried to inhale.
I don't know what to think about Season 10 yet (not the best season premier so far). I'll watch and see. Also I may borrow some ideas but I won't (intentionally) copy whole plotlines.
“You were right Cas” Dean said with a low voice. “I’m a blood lusting abomination. In the past few weeks I killed many. Not just monsters. I took the life of humans too. And do you know why’s that so funny? Because I liked it. I liked stabbing them. Spilling their blood and feeling the warmth flowing down my arm.”
What had Death called Sam? A ‘curious case’? What had he meant by that? And why would he send Tessa to warn him? What did Sariel want with him apart from the obvious revenge for killing her crazy siblings? What had she meant back on Swan Mountain?
And there he was. On the other side stood Dean, arms folded in front of his chest, looking at him with a smug smirk. He also had black, bottomless eyes.
I don’t finish the thought. Instead I look at Sam, dear Sammy who has the biggest heart in the whole damn world, and grin.
“Hello, Squirrel.” Crowley sits behind his desk, looking at a black box in his hand smaller than his palm. The kind that’s usually for keeping jewelry in it. “Fancy seeing you here.”
But he couldn’t just turn his back and run away. He came all the way here to save Cas and he wouldn’t leave without him. They leave together or Dean would die trying. There was no other option.
They were driving for half an hour now. Sam considered turning on the radio so something would break the silence but he didn’t get there because all of a sudden Hannah grabbed the seat with one hand and put the other on her mouth and turned to Sam like she was scared to death by something.
I open my mouth to say something, anything, but the only sound I can make is a breathless gasp. Crowley’s eyes glow with righteous furry.
“I think Metatron underestimated me” Cas said, not noticing or completely ignoring the tension in the room. “He probably didn’t expect I would in a way or an other continue my fight against him.”
Before I can react, my lungs become flat all of a sudden. I gasp for air but not even a little amount gets inside me. I grab for my chest and start chocking.
Hannah chose that moment to step closer to the man. She carefully put a hand between his shoulder blades and started rubbing gentle circles there. She had seen it one time in a park. She had just possessed her vessel after the Fall and she had been immediately on the road, looking for answers. One day she had decided to watch the humans around her and she had seen two of them sitting on a bench. They had been two female. One of them had been crying while the other had rubbed her back. Hannah had watched them with growing interest. The not crying female had been talking to the other who then had stopped crying after a while. She hadn’t seen what came after that because Bartholomew’s followers had found her and she had had to flee.
Not even Bobby’s foreign contacts could help them. It seemed to be some kind of epidemic that affected only the stuffs that could be used in spells. And the cause of that was a big question mark.
The hunter glared at him for a while. Castiel saw the tension building in his body, readying himself to shoot back a remark, but to his surprise Dean only sighed and gave him a quick nod as he turned to open the door.
“Of course you think I’m not myself” I sigh. “Which is true in a way so let’s correct it. Of course you think I’m possessed. A human turning into a demon? Yeah, impossible. But guess what! It’s not. I’m me.” I pull up my right sleeve to show the Mark. “See this nasty here? Brought me back like this.”
Dean inhaled the cool air that entered the car. He just realized how much he needed it. It was quiet warm in the car and the stale air was suffocating. Maybe it had a lot to do with his dream. Or he just wanted to project his own problems on something else.
The door opened almost without a sound. Susie somehow noticed it even though she was still laughing loudly. She stood up and walked out from the cover of the curtain. Her grin just widened more.
Or Dean just wanted to project his own frustration on the girl. After all, he was the one who wanted to run away and never look back because his actions came with a responsibility. He killed Gavin in the first place. He messed up time like this. It was all his fault. And look at that! A teenage girl handled this more maturely than him. As soon as he had arrived here, he went into self-destruct mode. He should grow up halfway through his third ‘x’.
“And you believed him?” When Cas stopped next to Sam he added: “Both of you believed him? Damn it, guys! He’s a demon! Demons always lie!”
“You know how to kill the Leviathans. You did last time with some unforeseen results but you did it.” Crowley narrowed his eyes. “There’s something you don’t like about this other timeline.”
“I’m fine, I guess” he answered after a while. “I was translating the demon tablet for Crowley for a while. Two of his goons impersonated Sam and Dean. Poorly. I quickly figured out it weren’t them. Then that Metatron guy saved me and now he wants to kill me because of the angel tablet. I think there’s something on it he doesn’t want us to find out. Probably a way to reopen Heaven. I’m translating that right now with Gadreel. He’s a great guy, by the way. Doesn’t want to kill me or anything. Since I can’t go outside I’m stuck in here so I started playing a lot of video games. The wi-fi is great and nobody can track us here so I torrent a lot.” Kevin finished with a shrug. “Dean annoys me a lot but I guess I’m fine.”
I pause for a moment. I remember I left it there. Where is it now? Did I deal with it already and I just didn’t remember? I quickly recall the events of the last hours. No. I was running around the world and never returned here. Then what happened?
I have this thought about the bunker that, you know, it's a bunker, like those fallout shelters made during the Cold War, protecting against radiation and having everything needed for survival. Jenkins said in 'Slumber Party' that the bunker "is the last true beacon of light in a world gone topsy-turvy". The bunker is full of mysteries and there are just a few things we know about (like the computer that's powered by magical stuff and what about those files, Charlie!?). I hope that place wasn't just introduced for the sole reason of having a home base and a fix set.
Sam could see the two females were nervous, both because of different reasons. Jody’s last encounter with a demon had almost ended with her death. And Annie… He could see her struggling. She probably had mixed feelings about this whole situation. In a few months she would have run away from the nest. She had maybe played with that thought for a long while before she had done anything.
In times like this he was wryly glad that Metatron gave him the knowledge of every book, movie and series he had known. With that now he could understand the references and see parallels like the one he had just thought about.
There was… something different about him. He was the same Cas sure but… Dean couldn’t help but feel something changed.
“Is she going to the vics?” Charlie asked doubtfully. They were leaving the town now and the distance between houses got bigger. “Or did she notice us?”
Bobby smacked him again. Castiel should have been able to protect his head but his reflexes were slower than they should be.
“You can still change your mind.” Castiel turned to Muriel. The angel watched the building nervously then looking at Castiel she shook her head.
“Thanks.” He stood up and was about to go to the kitchen when he noticed that everything was still very quite. “Dean?”
Sam slowly turned to look at Meg and he didn’t have to say anything. Apparently everything was written on his face because Meg’s eyes widened with shock.
The ‘salt and burn around the area’ was up right next to Summit Cove. According to stories from hikers there was a man covered in blood in the forest wandering around and scaring everyone who saw him. Poor guy must had had an accident while walking up the mountain and without any help coming he had died.
Inside, there’s a poorly furnished room. Bed, sink, toilet, that’s it. But what I see apart from that surprises me.
Some other benefit of the demonic life is that there’s a great amount of stamina on the south. After the sixth or seventh round when she’s already so exhausted she doesn’t even know where she is I’m still going, thrusting into her nonstop.
He didn’t want the previous night to be like that. He should have been more sympathetic, understand what Cas was going through because he was going through some serious shit too. But damn… The thought that Cas had almost died when he had been there already… That he had almost died again… Just when he had been saved from that poisonous Grace…
Cas looked at Dean before he got in the Impala. Sam was driving now who had had to swear that he would switch with Cas if he felt dizzy or something. Sam had dramatically rolled his eyes after that.
Death was once again still like a rock and his face was unreadable. A cold breeze flew by and Sam had to pull his jacket tighter around him. The silence stretched out long and he started gathering some courage to interrupt it when Death finally spoke again.
The sound of their footsteps echoed in the long corridor. It bounced back and forth between the stone walls, making it louder with each round. But it was just a tiny whisper compared to what was coming from behind them. A threatening rumble of thunder and earthquake, opening its dark mouth, showing the sharp fangs that hungered for their flesh and blood. It was a wild predator following its prey with determination.
“But that’s not possible.” Sam brushed his hair behind his ear edgily. “Crowley changed the deal when we threatened him with his bones.”
No. He was not an angel. Not anymore. Being an angel meant he had no emotions, no free will. Being an angel meant he had to follow orders of a higher power. But he wasn’t an angel.
“Not according to plan?!” I yell. “Like Cas killing me?! That was the plan?! You really wanted him to kill me?!”
“In the past year all I wanted to do was to kill Chuck” he started, still looking at Cas. “To end this whole fuckery and finally break free of him. Jack took his power. He became the new God while Chuck became a mere human. And I had the opportunity to end him there. To kill that son of a bitch that made my life a living hell. But I didn’t do that. Because of the one person who always believed in me.” Cas finally looked at him, lips slightly parting at Dean’s words. “The one person who told me I deserved to be saved, that good things do happen to me. He told me I am caring and loving and not the killer everyone, including myself, believed me to be. And this… this is what defeated God in the end. Not the edge of my blade, but mercy.”
The face the angels make is priceless. Abiel’s jaw drops, his eyes wide, while Noriel looks like he’s barely holding back a retch.
The angel didn’t move for a long while, making sure that Dean was indeed sleeping peacefully. The man’s breathing was slow and even, his features softer than during the nightmare. Castiel brushed away the wetness under Dean’s eyes with his thumbs, then moved to sit down next to his right. If not for still being sleepy, Dean would have kicked him of off himself. He had been invading Dean’s personal space in a very inappropriate way.
Hannah fell towards the ground. Sam grabbed her and hugged her against his chest as he fell on his knees. He felt something burning him deep down, but that pain was nothing compared to this.
Kevin was famous of holding grudges. Especially when he was angry at the Winchesters. Mainly Dean. His overprotectiveness was like shades. It blocked out the person and their needs and he just saw a thing he had to protect no matter what. And it was annoying in the long run. No wonder Sam sometimes was so done with him. Kevin was too but he didn’t have the patience Sam had.
She reached out with her Grace and listened to her siblings’ voices, trying to hear any useful information. But the only things she heard were painful screams and angry threats, promises that Castiel would die a painful death once the angels found him.
She saw Sam flexing his jaw and his nostrils flared as his breathing became deeper and quicker. He didn’t say anything and Charlie knew her guess was right.
Dean looked at the rearview mirror and his eyes met Cas’. He didn’t look angry anymore. He saw concern in his eyes as he watched him carefully, finger digging deep but gently into his arm.
With the paint spray he had taken from the bunker, he started repainting the warding on the wall of the door and continued clockwise. He worked fast without mistakes but he had to stop sometimes until his hand stopped shaking.
Now maybe things would change for the better. As he watched Dean and Cas talking to Timmy from afar he had a feeling that the second chance Dean had been talking about meant so much more than simply making better decisions and saving people. They had a second chance to have a better relationship between the two of them. Accepting who they were and who the other was. Actually talking about problems and not just waiting for the tension to erupt. Listening to the other and not force their opinions on each other. Letting go.
Hannah nodded in agreement and let out a desperate laugh, because she couldn’t tell if it was funny or bitter. In the end she decided the universe had a bad sense of humor.
“Dean. Last time it was the three of us, but not together. It was the three of us going on our own separate ways and we fucked it up. Big time.” Dean was about to say something but Sam didn’t let him. “We
“Sorry, Sammy. I already killed Gavin. Now could you please let me on my way before I bury you alive?”
The woman sat on the couch that night. Her face was damp but her eyes were dry. She ran out of tears to shed. She sunk into a grief so deep that crying was not possible anymore. She only existed in the dark room surrounded by silence and emptiness. There was nothing to live for anymore.
Entering the room, Hannah looked around. Sam did the same. His room was… plain. A bed, a wardrobe, a TV. Nothing more. He hadn’t felt the need to nestle in like Dean had. This place was just a place where he slept and worked. Nothing more.
Kevin looked up. The tag on the shelf informed him that he was at the ‘Lez–Lif’ section. His eyes quickly wandered through every box until finally they settled on one name.
In the distance he could make out people moving. A lot of them. And most of them didn’t sound to be friendly by the snarling noises they made.
“Castiel.” The angel’s voice was disapproving. “You should be more careful with your Grace. It would burn out sooner then expected.”
The former angel collected the man into his arms to have a closer look at him. Dean was pale with a hint of grey. His breathing was shallow and forced while cold sweat was running down his face. He seemed to be… exhausted.
, Cas told me that night and while I still doubt that, meeting Cas was the best thing. Maybe we had arguments and there was that thing with Crowley but I already forgave him. I always forgive him because he’s my best friend, my family, one of the most important people in my life.
“I’m serious” Cas insisted. The grip got tighter on his hand. “Every time you put your brother’s needs before everything and forget about your own. Your altruism is one of your most admirable traits.”
All of them nodded. Charlie and Dorothy stayed at the table but the others made their way towards their rooms. Sam said goodnight to Cas at the corner then continued his way towards his room. He decided to read Alice’s diary before he went to bed but a hand on his arm stopped him. Sam looked back.
The same thing happened to my family. We were on our way down to Lake Balaton when the engine got overheated. My father remembered how racecar drivers would cool their cars so he turned on the heating and we rolled down all the windows. And it happened this summer so you can imagine how hot it was inside the car.
Not having a better option she started heading east. Maybe one of the cars was going to that direction and the humans would be willing to take her there. But if she didn’t succeed in an hour, she wouldn’t go. There surely were angels closer to that area. Maybe the first one already arrived.
“Release me, Hannah!” Castiel shouted with desperation. The struggling made him weaker and soon Hannah found herself holding the angel’s whole weight. But his voice didn’t waver. “I’ll kill that bastard!”
“Shut up, Meg” Sam growled. Hannah followed him down to the map table. The demon waited for them there and soon Bobby, Lee, Becky and Missouri joined them too.
Anna approached the murmuring couple with her head lowered.  She held the meter out and watched its face to make sure it was picking up a solid reading.  The naked wolves on the bed ignored her as she made the first pass from their feet toward their groins, still locked tightly together.
Once in the deserted hallway, Castiel tightened his grip on Dean’s arm.  He dragged the alpha-Sub in through the first unlocked door he found, slammed it, and crowded Dean up against the wall.  Castiel’s eyes were still red.  He made quick work of Dean’s blue jeans, unfastening them and shoving them down with his boxers, stepping on the crotch to force them to Dean’s ankles.
“Okay.  I get it.  I wasn’t listening to you through the bond at all this morning.  That can’t happen again.  Ever.”
Castiel’s face told Dean that he’d rather the Omega hadn’t followed, but his arm settled around her anyway.
Michael wavered. Should he show it to Dean? To Castiel? Should he find Billie and have her demand they pull the cover? Should he wait and let the issue come out? He and Dean were likely to miss the actual release. He didn’t know how they were going to make it to Friday at the rate their hormones were ramping up. They would likely be locked away, too distracted with each other to remember there were magazines on shelves somewhere.
Ellen stepped in quickly with an answer.  “Garth didn’t leave a Claim, and Sam took the second round.  It’s Sam who’s got a Claim on her right now.  We’ll take care to keep him away from her until the Claim wears off.  I’m sure you won’t need him close to her for anything.  You’ll be able to care for her just fine on your own over the next few weeks.”  Cas nodded.  Yes, he could most definitely do that.  The problem would be when he needed to go back to work, having to tear himself away from her.  That wasn’t going to be easy.
Cas ignored her completely. “Talk to me about Bela Talbot.” Cas let no trace that he already had a thumb on Bela’s leash show on his face. Billy wasn’t in on this one. He needed to know what the leaks were saying.
“You did?!” Cas was surprised.  Usually they talked strategy among themselves before stepping into politics directly.
Dean swallowed. “If you made that decision with all of us in mind, Cas, it’s yours to decide. I’m not gonna fight you on it unless you leave us in the dirt.”
and as much as I’ve learned that I can be whoever I am no matter where it comes from, I’m just not ready to open up that much. It’s embarrassing. Help me out here.”
He nodded somberly.  There was no denying that the burning in his gut was a purely maternal drive.  He knew he could father children too, but he felt no desire whatsoever to attempt it.  Fucking women was a delight and viscerally satisfying, but the idea of planting his seed in one and fathering a pup sent a wave of revulsion up his backbone.
“Oh! Oh, no. It’s okay, Michael, you’ll be fine. Everyone gets nervous. Oh, here! Sign in. I need your name on the entrance list!” She was so excitable that she skipped right past all the usual steps like a rookie. Michael walked up to the desk to sign in while Dean held the door. “Good luck!” Then they waltzed right in. Dean felt a pang. Becky would be punished even if he’d lied to her. There were protocols to follow, and she knew them.
“Yes, we did.  But we also allowed that we wouldn’t consider it lying if someone didn’t understand something and needed to get clarification, or misunderstood something and acted on that misconception.  I didn’t lie to him, Cas!  I told him straight-up that I didn’t know if I had the authority to share that information!  You can’t punish me for this.  I know you want to.  It’s holding me to rules you’re changing after the fact.  You
Castiel draped himself over her back and let his body do whatever it would do. He didn’t deliberate upon which hole to aim for. Such intention was beyond him. He sank into warm, wet welcome, the softer of the two options, more cradling than embracing, and he felt perfect soul-affirming rightness. He whined high in his throat. She echoed right back at him and pressed back into his thrusts.
The Dom pulled up onto his knees to roll his condom on, and then he fumbled around for his tube of slick. Dean could feel it next to his thigh, but the Dom hadn’t asked for his help or his input. He bit his lip. A thing like this could go either way, and both ways were fine with Dean.
Michael wasn’t convinced.  Dean could feel dread coming from his mate, and his heart went out to him.  He hadn’t asked to be Mated to a celebrity, and now he was being pulled into the media circus and would have to endure not only having the world mistakenly believe for a while that he was Dean’s intended fiancé, but then would also have to stand by and watch as Dean and Alpha corrected that misperception.  It was going to be a bitter, bitter ride for Michael, and Dean wasn’t going to be able to stop it.
“You’re not a bit sorry, Dean.”  Cas casually ran two of his fingers through the slick beneath April’s ass and plunged them into Dean’s hole without a by-your-leave.  “You get the same instruction that she got.  You’re going to tell me when you’re close.  I’m not going to make you come, but you are going to stay hard the whole time you’re taking your punishment.  Understood?”
Cas sighed expansively and shook his head.  “You saved me, Dean.  I don’t know how you did it but thank you.  I would’ve been out the door, wreaking havoc, slashing shit into pieces left and right and laying waste…”
“Of course,” Cas replied. “Anyone you bring onsite for an interview. No one comes into the house that we aren’t sure of.”  Michael nodded and typed a bit more. “Speaking of security, Michael,” Cas continued. Michael looked around and met his eye. “I hear your social media accounts have been receiving more traffic than usual. You’re to work with Billie to get yourself under a secure umbrella. Your current accounts need to be cancelled and re-opened with better safeguards in place. Put a list together of private contacts with whom you want to maintain connections and do not accept any invitations without passing them by Billie first. This is not negotiable, Omega. Your safety is important.”
He looked her up and down, and then checked his watch. April wanted to do the same. Knowing whether she was late or not wouldn’t help her now though, so she resisted. She had no idea how long she had been wandering the halls.
“Then you take the samples back out, throw ‘em in the trash right here, and you’re good to go. And for the love of all that’s holy and sacred, clean up after yourself. None of us is your mama, and nobody wants to stand in someone else’s pee.”  He motioned her back out of the kiosk and approached the turnstile at the end of the foyer. “When you get the green light, swipe your badge here, scan your thumb again, and push through the turnstile. If there was a problem with the test or your readings were off, the door over yonder to medical will let you in. They’ll figure out what’s wrong and get you squared away. If your ID doesn’t jibe with our records, the screen in the kiosk will tell you to go see the security window. Hey, Mark!” he shouted over Jody’s shoulder. “You got this beta’s badge done?”
He went on in the face of Bobby’s disgruntlement. “No, I’d rather keep him off balance but viable. Don’t give him anything at all in Nevada that he so much as
Dean shoved backward in his chair to make room. He shifted his hand to catch Michael’s again, and he gave a little tug along with an instructional pat to his own lap. Inside the bonds, Dean slid a short pulse offering Michael an out if he didn’t want a part in Dean’s idea, but Michael didn’t take him up on it.
“Cain,” Cas continued. “You are responsible for keeping April balanced during the working day and deciding moment by moment if she’s better off stepping clear of the lot of you for a break. If it turns out that she spends the lion’s share of every day as a mother to our children, then so be it. Her psychological and emotional health take precedence over her musical career. Do you understand me?”
April played through the end, and Dean dropped the guitar’s body to the floor, supporting the neck and leaning into it.
He continued conversationally.  “You may feel a lesser connection to the pack since you and Sam Mated simply because you both live away from the manor and you don’t work with any of us.  I apologize if we’ve allowed you to feel that way, Jessica.  Let’s figure out some ways to bring you more fully into the fold.  I want you to understand how much we value your contributions.”
“Not coming in here,” Michael mused, catching Dean’s swift progress down the wide stairs just outside in the foyer and on down the back stairs toward the Playroom.  “Fuck, this is weird.”  He let his mind trace Dean’s, and then he looked back at April.
“I don’t contest that, Gabe.”  Cas felt a little more solid as Gabriel was moving into Pack structure, and that was a thing Cas knew he could follow.  He and Benny had reinitialized the very basis of pack structure years before, formalized it and published the templates so others could set their own packs up with a means to do it right.  Everything they’d proposed had been validated through countless studies and real life tests.
“Mm,” Cain admitted. “I lost custody of the Alpha’s mate in a large, unfriendly city. The accounting won’t be pleasant.”
Michael shrugged it off though. He read Dean’s inner needs, like always, and he laughed at Dean’s disquiet. Sleepily, Michael had rolled his sticky body over, plumped a pillow beneath his head and said, “Call him, Babe. Call him in.”
“Show me, J.D. Let me see.”  Dean pulled back a few steps, giving the boy a little room. “All the way to me, buddy.”
Michael sat down at the table and set to finishing his snack before Alex woke up from his nap.  The pup’s schedule was off, thrown by the changes in the household that he didn’t understand.  “Truth is, I don’t know what Pete and I are to each other.  Maybe it really is just Omega bonding.  She’s been distant, like she’s disengaging.”
In no time, April was tucked in with him, still wet and naked, and now coated in red sauce, but tangling herself into his tight coil.  He grabbed onto her and wept harder than he’d ever done before, rocking back and forth.  She cried into his chest and held on tight, letting him have a release of his own.  Not speaking, not asking anything of him, but staying close; a warm, loving body for him to hold onto, keep him from flying apart.
“’Nother reminder, folks,” Charlie called. “For you noobs, there are absolutely no recordings of any kind allowed in the lunchroom. Phones in pockets, please. Alpha’s here, so you’re not going to get away with it. Don’t even try.” Cas held up a thumbs up in acknowledgement. Charlie went back to the auction.
“All righty. See you in a sec.”  Charlie stepped in and pulled the door closed, and Jody entered the one next to Charlie’s. More employees had come in, and the kiosks were filling fast.
“I see,” said Cas conversationally.  He sat down.  “Interesting.  Kali, would you please start the chicken around?  Eat, everyone.  It’s getting cold.”
“Meg, I think I’m in love,” Charlie confessed, her brow knitting darkly as if admitting she killed and stewed small children.
Dean took a bite and thought about it while he chewed.  He looked at his mate.  Michael seemed interested for the sake of being part of something unusual, but he didn’t look rattled.  Dean was rattled.  He knew Sam was right.  He shouldn’t, by all rights, be Mated to Michael right now.  Claims just didn’t work that way.  He ran back over what he remembered from that day and couldn’t find enough aggression anywhere in the act to account for the bond.  The most aggressive part was when Michael spanked Dean’s thigh.  He shook his head at his brother.  “No.  Never.”
“Jimmy Dean, go find Grandma,” Dean said in a voice that widened Jimmy’s eyes. Michael helped the boy slide to his feet and gave a gentle nudge to his back. Jimmy trotted happily out toward the parlor. Michael kept an eye on him until Fred took him by the hand and guided him across the foyer.
Below her, the puppy spotted a squirrel outside her enclosure her began flinging herself at the fence, barking her little furry head off at the squirrel who didn’t so much as flinch, and Sarah laughed.
“I am.  This won’t take long.  It’s about the ceremony after our wedding.  Just want to get a few things on the table.”
“He came right back” she corrected.  “He was only gone for a minute or two, and then he was back.  He helped me to the bed.  He called Dean.  Sir, he took care of me, but I think I scared him.”
As the last passed through the door, Cas swatted him on the ass simply for being last.  It was a gentle reminder to keep up and remember to stay in a Pack.  The Omega boy yelped in surprise, and hustled to catch up.  Castiel chuckled indulgently then nodded as Sam followed his class in to eat lunch.  Sam smiled back, but his smile didn’t reach his eyes.  And just like that, Castiel was back in his depressing constant awareness that Dean had left not just Castiel, but also Sam and all his friends and family.  Cas knew Sam blamed him for Dean’s departure.   Hell, Cas blamed Cas for Dean’s departure.
Michael stared as Dean logged in and brought up the custom design he’d been working on.  It was ivory with a top layer of nearly sheer silk.  Despite the silk, it had a distinctly masculine, maybe military, look about it with few embellishments, broad nautical shoulders, and just a simple paired line of embroidery that traced the lines of his chest to his waist and then disappeared into the pleats.  A golden sash that tied around the waist like a sword-sash finished the front.  At the back, there was no embellishment at all, just one clean line that ran as the edge of the panel from the model’s outer left shoulder, down to his right calf in a graceful, curving line, the bottom of the opposite panel just visible at the left calf.
“I said I’d back you up if you didn’t act like a dick! That was a DICK move, Michael.”  Dean let go of Michael’s neck and stormed away from him, too pissed to touch him just now. “He’s bending over backward to bring you into the Pack, and you tell him to…  What the fuck?!  Seriously?!”
“Yeah. Michael. Um, yeah. There’s more.”  Dean looked to Cas, rubbing hands along his thighs. Cas didn’t speak, but his eyes bolstered Dean. “You see, it’s like you said, there’s no way Cas would kick us out just because you turned up in the family way. He’s not that type of Alpha. If anything, a pregnancy would make him hold on to us tighter. There was going to be more to it than that.”
Dean felt Michael shift back to Omega and go still in his head.  He looked up.  “Something on your mind?” he asked his Omega mate.
“Dean, stop.  Listen to me.  If anyone in the world understands the burn of a possessive obsession,” he laughed humorlessly and flopped his hand out in defeat.  “It’s me.  This is not an unreasonable thing you’re asking for.  Jesus Christ, baby, you ask for so little.  We can give you this, Michael and me, both.  I can handle him carefully for hierarchical claiming, and as to the foursome, we can take it day by day, and let you set the speed and the depth of what I share with Michael.  If it turns out that we’re better off putting those boundaries back up, that’s what we’ll do.  Does Michael know how you feel?”
“But I don’t think he’s saying our foursome is just going to be two isolated couples in one bed that never cross the centerline.  Right, Cas?”  She transferred her gaze slowly from Michael to Castiel.  All of them looked across the table and waited for the answer to that.  Dean’s hand found its way to Michael’s thigh.
“Or,” said Dean, seasoning the pork chops, “It’s a perfect fit, and she’s just the challenge you need to learn how to be assertive from that side.”
“All right. Go on and get him situated. Charlie’s already in there, and she’s waiting for you. Stop by my office before you leave, please, Dean.” Dean nodded, kissed his cheek, and then pushed through the door and took Michael into the dark changing room. That had sounded like he had a spanking coming. He hoped that’s all it was. After his round at the E.R., Cas had sat Dean down and made him talk frankly about what set it all off, and that had not been fun. They had more to cover, and Dean knew it was necessary, but he felt so turned around that nothing he said seemed right, and he didn’t know what to do about it. He needed some time to think it all through before he dumped his crap on Cas. A swift physical reprimand for showing up late was far preferable to a sit-down grilling.
“That’s fine.  I understand.  Here we go…”  And the swipes started up again.  Dean was caught off guard, and he cried out and clung tighter to the hand holds.  His feet came up off the floor until Michael popped the bottoms of each one, encouraging him to put them back down.  Dean began to whine into the strikes that peppered him as the pace picked up.  Michael was a fast learner, and Dean’s wolf leaned into the pops in eagerness, heartened by Michael’s confidence.
She cleared her throat uncomfortably, and Gabriel laughed.  “Get used to it, kiddo.  At least you’re not anyone’s brother.  The time’s coming when you’re going to witness the full monty and not blink an eyelash.  Hope you like backsides.  You’re gonna see a lot of them, usually in an upright presentation, and usually a bright shade of pink.”
Cas stifled a laugh. He wondered how much of this line of questioning was genuine interest and how much was a diversionary tactic. “They do,” he replied. “But Daddy doesn’t have a uterus, and he doesn’t have a mother’s eggs. Babies need a mother and a father, both. Daddy has the father parts, like me. He doesn’t have the mother parts like Mommy and O-Pop.”
screamed Castiel, shaking. “We can’t keep doing this! We can’t! I can’t do this by myself. Goddamnit! I love you, Dean Michael Winchester! I know you better than I know myself, and you are so fucking worth…You are worth so much more than me. I thought maybe, maybe once you Mated Michael and you could see how incredible he is, maybe you’d be able to see it. Maybe you’d be able to see yourself in him, see how valuable you are. Where the hell does this come from? Why do you fight me so fucking hard, and why can’t you just, for the love of god, trust me for once more than you trust those god-awful fucking voices in your head? Dean,
“Get the fuck out of my room, you brat!” he said, standing abruptly and overbalancing her. She tumbled and landed on her hip with a squeal and a laugh.
“Castiel, if I ever say no to that, shoot me.  I’m rabid.”  Dean stepped up his pace and hauled the man up the stairs and into their bedroom.  It was empty.  Mates had evidently found something wholesome to occupy their evening with, if Cas’ bond link told him truthfully, but his intentions were far from wholesome, and he kicked the door closed with his foot as he walked Dean backward toward the bed.  Dean went where he was put, and he rolled his face up to meet Castiel’s as the Alpha curled down over him, laying him out flat on his back.
Dean took hold of her handlebars as she set off down the next walk, her American Heart Association pin gleaming on her chest. One more house. Please let it be just the one more. Dean’s legs ached. His stomach was beginning to ache, and he shifted his stance, grunting quietly.
Jo began to make motions toward leaving, but she stopped and leaned over the back of Meg’s chair to swamp the beta in a mess of a hug that caught her in all the wrong ways.  Meg leaned her head sideways into Jo’s arm anyway.  Jo whispered to her, “We’ll always be sisters even if our fantasy mates never figured out we were supposed to be sisters.  I love you, you brat.  Go get yourself a slice of peace and happiness.”
“There you two are!” Ellen poked her head out onto the porch, and then joined them.  “Thanks for inviting us over, Dean.  It’s been too long.”
“Yes, sir!” Dean called back without turning around.  He didn’t really mean to slam the door behind him, but it slipped.
“Samuel. Come in.” Cas flourished a smattering of keystrokes and then left his keyboard. He turned in his seat and ushered Sam to a seat on his loveseat. “Have a seat.”
“How did you know I was here?” Castiel asked, beginning to come back to himself and beginning to realize how deep a pile of shit he was in.
is critical in defining a lie.  Are you accusing me of intentionally misleading your mates?”  Maureen’s eyes sparkled with a lighthearted humor, and Michael frowned at her.
Cas meant to take him at his word and see him fulfilled as he’d asked to be. Anything less would be a cop out, and Castiel wasn’t prone to copping out. That left Cas wondering how best to go about it. The element of surprise was a useful tool, and one that both partners enjoyed making liberal use of. Dean was infamous for despising surprises but only because it had the effect of setting him back on his heels and sending him defensively into his wolf. In-scene, he thrived on being kept in the dark. So, for tonight, Cas meant to turn the lights off metaphorically and leave him guessing.
Cas didn’t answer. He turned his head subtly, letting the boy know he’d heard the presumptuous greeting. People told him most Omegas could spot an alpha even if they had no more than the briefest of glimpses, and Cas had found it to be true, by and large. Something about his mannerism caught the kid. He sat up straight, leaning closer and whiffing the air with his nose.
Dean shrugged off the rhetorical question. He’d been advised way back in eighth grade health class, when the wolves were separated to attend an assembly all their own, that nothing that happens during a cycle is weird. Everyone, everything, is normal, and there’s no shame in letting go. He’d chortled his way through the presentation with the rest of his friends, making lewd comments and laughing uproariously at the cartoon drawings. Dean stood indecisive in the middle of the bathroom for a moment after his shower. He felt much better now that he was clean. He blinked at his phone, knowing full well that Cas wasn’t sleeping. He could feel it. There was a miniscule air of frustration, arousal, and hopefulness leaking through Dean’s narrow Claim-bond. Dean wavered for one more breath, and then he sighed and picked up the phone.
Dean leaned over and brushed Michael’s hair off his forehead. Michael still hadn’t moved other than to focus on his own hands in his lap. “I don’t know how your run with Raphael is going to go. Just do what you want to do. Listen to the wolf. It’s that easy, man. It’s a whole day of free sex. No questions asked. No obligations afterward. Try just having fun and let it take its course.”
Dean marked the Omega’s frequent use of the word, “we,” a very good sign. “Max, what do you plan to do if we say no to your ideas?” Dean asked, enthralled. It was an academic question. They weren’t going to say no. That new expansion was already in the planning stages. Curriculum additions to teach young Dominants and alphas to manage an Omega’s first tentative steps into sexual maturity were already being added to the standard coursework. Dean had no doubts now that Max had been carefully groomed himself, groomed to become a champion of the young and vulnerable. He had no doubts that a carefully worded question dropped now and then during training hadn’t led him toward a trajectory he never would have dared on his own. A glance past Bobby to the end of the table told him that Balthazar was in on the game too. As lead Omega contractor, Balthazar had more contact with the trainees than anyone. It came as no surprise that Cas would’ve tapped the irreverent veteran. No surprise at all.
John turned on him in fury.  “You shut your mouth!  You and this travesty of a school have done all the damage to my son I’m going to take.  He’s not suspended, you ass, he’s leaving!  I’m pulling him out today, and I’m filing charges of discrimination against you and this jackass of a teacher who lets monkey children gang up on other students with impunity!”
“No, she doesn’t,” Cas intervened stoutly.  “Nick is bringing Jenn, as usual, so there will be an alpha close-by.  But I’ve vetted the venue’s security.  Most of the attendees are celebrities.  All of them travel with bodyguards.  All of them share the same vulnerabilities.  How ridiculous is it to assume that Celine Dion can attend without her own security, but April Winchester needs a bodyguard?”
“Come on.  Up you go.  Let’s get you to the bed.”  He carried her.  She could feel and smell his body respond to hers, and she reached for him when he set her down.  He flinched back, and gasped.
And apologies for the short-sheeting of both Heats.  I tried to get more of both of them, but this is Dean's moment, and - stubborn as he is - he wouldn't be denied.
Is it just me, or is there a weird and stark divide between "then" and "now" that makes reading stories written pre-Corona virus or watching shows produced prior to March 1 feel oddly surreal?  We don't live in that world anymore, and it feels bizarre to see no reference of the pandemic from items created just a month ago.
Castiel was shaking.  “I’m the Alpha, and you’ll follow my rules.  I’m going to drive that point home for you because I don’t appreciate your smartassed tone, and you’re evidently not listening to me.  All three of you, line up and face the wall.  Side by side.  That wall.
“All those years that Dean was your scene partner, before April and Michael came along.  You never pressured him to explore his need for sexual privacy during your time together, right?  You left his insecurities alone, and you kept his secrets.  You never tried to change him.”
mate, your Omega.  It’s your decision to make.  But you’re fighting a battle from the wrong side right now, Dean.  It’s fear and nothing else that’s making that decision for you.  Don’t let fear choose your course.  You know where that leads.  Look at your mate.  He’s Omega, and he’s in need.  He’s asking for help from his alpha.  He needs your support and your assurance that his voice matters.  It’s really that simple.  The rest is fear.  We can’t make people love a dominant Omega.  We can’t turn the tide overnight.  But we can refuse to perpetuate the false limits.  I believe he can do this, Dean, and I believe he’s the right person for the job.  I can’t envision anyone more suited.  It’s not our job as alphas to put chains around our mates’ limbs to keep them from harm.  Those chains are a harm in and of themselves.  April convinced me I was right there doing exactly that, and I was wrong to do that to her.  Dean, it’s our job to cut the shackles off and to stand guard to keep any more of them from taking hold.”
“Mr. Winchester, focus, if you please.”  His instructor paced past his desk, following a strict pattern through the smattering of low classroom tables.  He rapped his knuckles sharply atop the pile of photos and drawings that the others at Dean’s table were still pawing through slowly.  “No badgers.  No skunks.  No sea lions.  We are Canids, young man.  You will never connect with your wolf if you cannot properly envision him, and he will NOT be a wolverine or a beaver!”
“No.” Dean shook his head. “I’m not.” He moistened his lips, smearing pink. “You’re going to have to make me.” Dean struggled up onto shaky legs. He looked down on his Dominant, and he opened his bond-link. Into the bond, Dean shoved his obstinacy, the misery of his designations and his adamance to let himself suffer as long as it took, proving his backbone, and Castiel broke. He flew to his feet, hauled Dean by the dregs of his shirt and slammed him against the front door.
Meg selected another hand from the opposite side of the stage. It was an older woman. She stood and took the mic when it was handed to her.
“No, son.  She shouldn’t have said that.  That was wrong.  It was hurtful and untrue.  Besides, you’re not the only one that would apply to, are you?  I don’t spank Kat anymore.  Does that mean she doesn’t matter to me?”
“Hey, hey…” Cas said sliding into his path and halting his forward progress.  “What’s wrong?  You look like you could chew glass.  Talk to me, Dean.”
He gripped his microphone and stepped into the lights.  Just don’t fuck anybody.  He was pretty sure he could remember that.
April held his gaze bravely. “Castiel James,” she bit her lip as she worked out how to say it. “I adore your fiancé. I can’t imagine life without him. I’d be honored to welcome him into our Pack and to make room beside us…” She narrowed her eyes in an attempt to convey the depth of her commitment. “…
She sniffled.  “Sir, Gabriel said you would come home broken.”  She sniffed again and rubbed her nose along her outstretched arm, leaving a shiny trail.  “You said you were fine.  He said I shouldn’t let you touch me, but I needed to know.”
“That’s ridiculous,” Michael scoffed.  “It’s a mutually beneficial relationship.  It’s not just about him.  I get as much out of it as he does.”
“Yes, I know,” he whispered.  “You’re an open book.”  He leaned in and kissed her nose.  “I don’t know how you’re doing it,” he said with his forehead pressed against hers.  “And I swear I’m not angry with you, but you’re hiding something from me, and I worry that it might lead us wrong when it comes to keeping you stable.  I can’t manage what you don’t allow me to see, Kitten.”
“The investigators found some interesting and incriminating evidence at the blast site.  That’s not public knowledge yet, of course, but Bobby has an inside guy, so he gets the inside scoop.  Apparently, Gordon and Peter were both dicks-deep in all kinds of shady shit.”
Dean sighed heavily.  “It’s not up to you, Michael.  We’re still on suspension – both you and me as a tertiary team and the gangbang scene itself.  It’s been put on hold.  We can’t do it until Cas gives the go ahead.”
They reached a stalemate as Dean let his weight fall heavy upon his mate, pressing Michael’s face into the leaf litter.  Dean snarled at him and held the large Omega down in the leaves and dust with his body, drooling into Michael’s hair in his effort, but unable to let any part of the Omega go in order to free him of his clothing.  They lay still for a few moments, panting, trembling, stuck at the impasse.  Dean could hold Michael in place, but he couldn’t Claim him though the layers of thick material covering his mate’s channel, and he couldn’t let go to work Michael’s pants down.  Michael had no intention of helping in any way.
“Yes, Sir.  I’m fine.  I’m good.  Look, Sir?  It’s not really a great time right now.  Can I call you back in a few minutes?  I’m kind of in the middle of something.”
She scoffed rudely.  “You think they don’t know?” she asked him.  “Your whole room reeks, and need I remind you it’s Dean’s room too?  He knows, Sam.  They both do.  You’re making a big deal out of nothing.”
Castiel was still holding Lancet’s eye.  Jerry postured a bit longer, testing Castiel’s resolve, but ultimately conceded to the higher-ranking Alpha, “I’ll help however I can.  It’s going to be a roller-coaster, Alpha.  He’s a good kid underneath it all.  Maybe you and Dean can bring that side out of him.  Lord knows, I didn’t see it often.”  He turned to Anna.  “I’ll go too.  I think we’re finished here.”
to hurt you.  And I did.  I practically stomped into my room and slammed the door in your face to make sure you knew I was pissed.  And now I feel like an idiot, because…”  Michael’s eyes teared up again and his voice thickened with emotion.  “You’re everything to me!  Help me stop being such a vengeful jerk!  I always have to slap back when I feel hurt!  I don’t want to be that guy anymore.  I wanna be better than that.”
“Yep. All set. Be careful of the wires, Michael. It’ll hurt if these puppies come off too fast. Go on and stand up for me. You ready over there, Charlie?”
“Was that really necessary?” she asked him as they approached the store, it’s parking lot all but empty and lit up from above.
“You gotta help me, Meg!  The last thing I ever wanted was to be daydreaming about Mating-scars.  I don’t
“Indeed,” Castiel agreed acerbically. What was there to say? “Pet, how many times have you fantasized about me discovering your cache? How many times have you imagined my outrage and how I might respond?”
“I have to be at work in fifteen minutes,” Michael said while he chewed. “You’re supposed to be helping.”
“They got you playing wait-staff now?” Dean asked playfully.  Michael didn’t bite.  He could still feel his mate’s unease.  Playing with the musicians helped, but seeing Michael brought him right back into his fears and his tension.
Cas sighed and set the tray down on the island.  “Look, she can’t perform right now anyway.  She’s too heavily pregnant.  She’d never get through a set.  Give her some time to get the chaos out of her system.  Watch the assembly line she’s putting out for anything with real potential, and make a pile that she needs to come back to.  Keep talking to her.  She’s not tuning you out, alpha.  She hears you.  Give it some time, and get used to a messy process.  She’s still growing into herself.”
“Don’t try to bring your pee in with you in a cup or baggie. The temperature won’t be right, and you’ll get busted. Happens all the time; new folks don’t wanna use the kiosk to pee, then they’re stuck out here ‘till I come smack their ass for being stupid dumb-shits.”
Dean kissed the pup’s forehead and handed him back to Michael. He greeted his mate with a raunchy kiss and a hard swipe to his ass through both bonds. Michael’s eyes went wide, and his hand covered his backside in useless defense. Dean whispered to him. “You and me tonight, Omega. I want an apology from you too. You should have called me. Be ready.”
“C.J., do you really think that wasn’t the Alpha at full power just now?  You think it was holding something in reserve that it’s going to bring out to protect April’s virtue, something it didn’t care to use to protect mine?”
Billie stopped walking, forcing him to turn and look at her.  “You doled out a class seven punishment for running in the hall?  Damn, Cas.”
“But that’s not simple at all, Sir.  There’s not just one wolf in there.  I saw at least two, and I get the feeling there may be more of them.  What do I do when they all need different things?”
“Very good boy, yes, you may.  This time.  It’s our first time.  You’re doing so well for me.  Ask me.”  Cas put a warm hand, actually a hot hand, it must’ve been the one he had used to spank Dean, on Dean’s lower back and held it there.
Dean laughed easily, letting Michael’s annoyance wash over him, finding no mark. He’d known this exercise would be anathema to his mate. There was no way through it but through it.
Jonathon’s eyes went flinty, and Dean paid close attention.  He leaned in.  “What do you need first?”
Cas set his breakfast down and took his place.  Dean moved in as soon as Cas was settled.  He mouthed hungrily at Castiel’s crotch, seeking to find his cock through the fabric of his pants.  He kept his hands clasped behind his back, using nothing but his lips and tongue.
Dean pulled Cas aside in the foyer after ushering Naomi back into the parlor.  “What the fuck are you doing?!” he hissed.  “She’s not fucking worth it!  Goddamnit, when are you gonna realize she’s never going to approve of you or anything you ever do, and who gives a flying flat of buffalo shit?  She’s not fucking worth it, Castiel!”  Dean was whispering as loudly as he could and still call it whispering.  “Did you seriously bring her here to try to impress her with your new pack?  Your mate?  Your fucking fiancé?  Cas, have you even MET the woman?  She’s a fucking monster, she doesn’t belong here, and she's not ever going to be impressed, not by anything you do - certainly not by hearing you’re planning to marry me.”
“You wanna know what I know about you, Michael Quentin?” Dean asked into his ear in a sultry voice. “I know you get off on bringing it out in other people. Whatever they are, you get hot knowing you can bring them to ecstasy in exactly what they want to be. Fuck, I love that about you. And you’d love to show me off, wouldn’t you? You fantasize about putting me on display, hot and pink and needy, bending me over in front of God and everybody and fucking me hard. Come on, Omega, listen to my voice and let go.”
Cas gave him a piercing look.  “I would agree to that wholeheartedly if I believed you could stick to it.”
“Their mother died in childbirth, and as it happens, Jess and I can’t have children of our own.  It was a…mutually beneficial situation.”
Dean soon joined him on the bench after extricating J.D. from the swing and encouraging him to join Idgie in the sandbox.  Dean leaned back into Castiel’s stretched left arm, hinting that it should rather lie across his shoulders than along the back of the bench.  Cas accommodated him.
“Just tell me what you’re hoping to get out of barging in on the man. You think you’re gonna hold his hand and cry together, and all the crap’s gonna melt away? You picturing some big emotional deathbed scene where you all confess your hurts and your resentments, and then you hug and off he goes into the great white beyond?”
“Yes, Cas!  Seriously!  Hell, I thought you’d be proud of me!  You know how hard it was for me to come this far?  Do you have any idea how many insecurities I had to overcome before I was prepared to admit that the idea of splaying myself over a pool table with a blindfold on gets me hot as hell, and I wanna try it so bad.  Think about it, man!”
He laughed.  “You know what?  I am.  I just realized I don’t have to worry about him anymore.”  He laughed again, lighter.  “I’ve been worried about him my whole life.  I don’t even know what to do with myself now.”
They woke to sunlight streaming in on a tangle of legs and a couple of Omegas splayed out to either side.
“Dean, just listen to me. Please. We need to talk. We left everything so broken between us. It’s tearing me apart. From what I’ve heard, from what I can see, it’s doing the same to you. Victor said you’re not scening at all. Just, please hear me out. If you want me to leave once we’ve talked, I’ll go. I know you’re very angry, and I want you to tell me why. Do you know? I need to hear you explain. What did I do wrong, Dean? Please. It’s killing me.”
Cas regarded him for a moment, watching Dean’s eyes.  “Is it Sarah?” he asked carefully.  “Dean, if it’s not going to work having her in the house, I’ll move her to the Guest house and limit her access.”
“I do hope, Dean, that you aren’t planning to use this as a distraction to try to avoid talking with me about last night.”  Cas sat on the side of the bed, his face serious.  “We need to figure it out, so we can keep it from happening again.”
“Yeah,” Dean sniffled. Cas wiped Dean’s eyes with his own handkerchief and held it for Dean to blow his nose. Dean accepted the attentive care without a thought. He ducked his head into Castiel’s chest when the Alpha led him back out into the cold, and Cas wrapped his boy up in loving arms and drew him down into one chair to share body heat and snuggles.
Bare feet, flexing. Someone’s toe between two luscious lips, women’s lips. A man’s face…man? No. He couldn’t possibly be older than fifteen, covered in semen and surrounded by a ring of older men with their spent dicks in their hands.
“I watched for a chance to return the favor someday, and man, the Universe gift wrapped that fucker for you with a green satin bow tied around his dick.  I thought for sure you’d take the bait and gobble it straight down in one bite and that would be all there was to the story of how you two morons met and married.  But I’ll be damned if you didn’t pull up and play the gentleman.  For ten years!  Ten fucking years I watched you burn for him.  I’m gonna unequivocally state, Castiel, I paid you back for watching me suffer and then some.  It was like watching a train fall over a cliff in slow motion, only the train never fucking ended.  It was a ten-year-long train wreck, and it went on, and on, and on, and on, and on… You get the picture.  And you had no frikken clue, did you?  That whole time, even after you started scening together, and you were like a perfectly cobbled pair of boots for each other.  You still had no idea.  God, the endless whining, late-night floor walking, the hand wringing!  That nearly did me in where even losing my mate hadn’t!”
Pam shook her head and kept eating, keeping her face impassive as Sam spilled his frustration on her.
“You need to own me, Kali. Don’t pretend you don’t.” He touched her cheek with a pained look in his eyes. He was hopeful and hurt, broken and desperate.
Kat fell quiet, thinking about Papa’s words. Then she laughed. “No, Papa,” she argued, still loud. “That’s silly.”
Gabe checked the lead line one more time. It would be consumed by the fire and be virtually untraceable except by an arson expert. No one would send an arson expert to a derelict farmhouse in the deep woods of Minnesota. If his luck held, Ruby and Alistair wouldn’t even notice the fire or smell the smoke until it engulfed them at the ground floor.
“Of course, Seth,” Meyer told him with a shaky breath and a quick squeeze of Sharon’s arm. “I’m…all yours.”
“The whole exercise is extravagantly ridiculous.  You know that, right?”  Cas led Dean into the room and lowered his voice to keep from disturbing his mate.
He blew out a breath and concentrated on sending stability to his knees.  He chuckled.  “Let’s see if Tony will come in and help us clean it up.  He might be happy to know his efforts were so appreciated.”
Castiel kissed Dean’s shoulder blades and down his back until he was forced to sit up upon Dean’s backside and take fistfuls of his hair to prevent him worming his way up any further.  The balls of Dean’s feet dug into the carpeted step near the ground floor and pushed, straining tendons in his calves that Cas would have appreciated could he see them.  They reached a stalemate of sorts.  Dean couldn’t wriggle free on his belly, and Cas couldn’t devour his prey.  Carpet burns turned Dean’s chest, belly, and knees pink.  They both panted for a moment, locked in tension, each straining against the force of the other, equilibrium found and vibrating.
“What!?” Cas sputtered. “Nonsense! You can’t leave. Dean, you’re needed here. You run…everything, almost. We’d be lost without you.
“Unca Dean! Back up. I’n gonna jump! Look how far!”  J.T. vaulted off the side of the pool and into Dean’s waiting hands. Dean let him submerge with the force of his jump but brought him back up smoothly. The pup sputtered, clinging to Dean’s arms. He shook his head like a dog, laughing. Dean held his hand up for a high five and then launched the boy out across the water to splash Gabe full in the face before Gabe fished him out. Gabe returned the favor, pulling Hank and Emma into the battle as well until Jess called a cautionary halt to the mayhem before it got out of control.
“Granted,” Dean’s alpha added succinctly as his eyes skirted the room carefully, checking that nothing was amiss.
“Lay it on me, Professor.”  She craned her head further back to give him access to her throat, and his possessive growling returned, far more aggressive than it had been, a Claim gathering steam.  Sam sank his wolf’s Dominant teeth deep into the Submissive’s shoulder as he pummeled into her with his hips, snarling fiercely and letting a line of blood escape the seal of his lips as he sucked a bruise into the wounded flesh.  He sucked hard, willing her flesh to make itself pliable to his will.  She didn’t scream, but he felt her orgasm around the movement of his cock.  The electricity of their connection as it snapped into place felt better than anything Sam had ever experienced in his life, and he lost the fight to prolong their coupling.  Sam released his hold with his teeth to shout into her throat, grinding his hips in a barely-there motion, emptying into her cunt, scenting her deeply with his nose buried in her throat.
The only part of his anatomy that retained any alpha strength at all was his firm, swollen erection, standing out huge and throbbing. A shrill voice in the back of Dean’s head urged him to take himself in hand and ease himself to completion—gently, not too violent, nothing that would stir up the tumult in his belly. Only, Dean couldn’t. He wasn’t permitted to touch, was he? He couldn’t remember the reason. He couldn’t remember anything much that happened before about midmorning, or…whatever. Was it still morning? Everything was swimming: his mind, his vision, his memory, his queasy stomach. Dean couldn’t figure out how he’d ended up here. Alone. Hurting. Heaving. His cock throbbed again, and he almost forgot and touched it, wishing he could remember why he shouldn’t.
“Ah, but it’s early yet. Babies don’t like flying. You’re Castiel Novak, aren’t you? I’ve seen you on TV.”
Dean lit up with fury and spun to face Castiel. “Because I’M the fucking Director of Training, that’s why! I’M directing their training. That’s
He lifted his arm up, made his hand a flat plate of warm steel and brought it down hard.  She barely moved, but he saw the line of tension that formed across her shoulders.  So good for him.  His mind went and broke the rules again, reminding him that Dean’s shoulders did exactly the same thing at the start of a long spanking.  Castiel managed to push the thought away and concentrate on the job at hand, pun intended.
Michael regarded him seriously, chewing slowly on his tender steak and his mate’s discomfort. “Look, Baby. You’re in Rut. You are as firmly alpha as I can ever hope to get you. If you can’t say it now, how am I going to believe you’re really doing this for yourself and not just for me. It’s too big a stretch from anything we’ve done before for us not to be sure.”
“Keep your eyes open, Pet.  I want you to see them watch me take you.  I want them to see how hard you are with an Alpha cock up your ass.  It’s about time, don’t you think?”  Castiel pressed in, and the burn against his rim was perfect.  The press of hips and scratchy hair against the sore flesh of his ass where the lap cane left stripes this morning had Dean panting shallowly.  “Answer me, Pet.”
do is to give him everything he needs to fulfill himself in a way that stays true to who he is.  We can live in the real world.  That means that you, my dear, need to step up and stop coddling him.  Now, now, don’t huff at me.  Don’t misunderstand.  I have no issue with how you have related to him up to now.  You found a beautifully instinctive balance point.  He’s clearly happier here with you than he’s ever been in his life.  He’s also learning to trust his Omega side more, and that’s positive.  But once he begins working with Hannah, you need to support their work.”
By the end of the meal, Jess found herself bare-assed over Sam’s lap, laying uncomfortably in everyone’s view, taking a firm slap to her backside every now and then, but mostly simply laying out for the humiliation aspect alone. She was furious, but she didn’t defy her mate directly, not in front of Castiel. That didn’t dispel the obvious conclusion that humiliation alone wasn’t going to help her find her feet again. She needed her Top’s outrage flung at her, and she needed sleep.
Matings sometimes faltered, even True-mate pairings went sour on rare occasions over unforeseeable changes due to life circumstances that knocked people off their trajectories or changed them in unexpected ways. This felt different. Castiel’s Mating to April was such a deeply intrinsic part of who he was and who April was that he never questioned it. She was his, forever. What he was feeling over his marriage felt like balancing on a tightrope in a hurricane. It felt like a near impossibility that it would ever come to pass in the first place and then, even if they made it through the ceremony, what was to keep Dean from changing over time and deciding Cas was no longer the love of his life?
“You’re ready, Alpha.  We’re doing this.  Knees up on the bed.  I want you to roll over on your back.  Roll for me, Alpha.  Show me your belly!
“All right. I’m going to skip over the ones that got no reaction. On the negative side, that is, the ones you find repulsive: cutting and scarring, having yourself bound in any way, in fact, every form of submission we showed you elicited a revulsive response. Michael, this probably comes as no surprise to you, but you don’t like to submit at all.”
She smiled into the reflection in the window before her.  She could see his face.  That was his Alpha face.  She nodded.  “Yes, Sir.  I understand.”  Her focus shifted from the closeup view of the reflection to the interior of the room, and she watched the two men gently touching, talking quietly, slipping away bit by bit.
“So, it’s not just a Dominant thing like Castiel said.  He said some of the most powerful Doms have that talent.”
Before he was even aware, Cas’ body went rigid and his nose began huffing, straining toward the door into the exterior hallway.  When his mind caught up, Cas white-knuckled the desk and began salivating.  His world rocked and his axis tilted.
Dean continued working his thumbnail over, reading his own words on the page where they laid out all his substantial predilections. It was a road map to a profoundly submissive mindset, and Dean’s mouth watered a little in reading through it.
Cas tsked at him calmly from six feet up. “I believe we’ll be using cuffs tonight, Pet. I’d hate to have to chase you down. The ruckus could wake the household.” The Dom affected a fake cheeriness. “Sound good? Yes, it does.” He pulled a groaning Dean to his feet, dusted him off a little, and then bent him double with a hand at the back of his neck. Looking up into Castiel’s crazy expression, Dean’s jaw dropped.
Dean smirked.  He could do that, but this day and night was going to count for three of those five, even if the last round was just trading BJ’s.
“I want to take a stand, Castiel.  I think I need it.  I think I need it in a big, showy way so it’s decisive.  Definitive.  Incontrovertible, to use one of your words.”
Castiel shook her hand and nodded, “Yes, we are.  The decision in this case could mark a turning point for the status of Lupins in America – for good or for ill.”
“Winchester,” Dean answered confidently, holding a finger up to let April know he didn’t expect to be long.
“Yes, I know. We’ve renegotiated our agreement. I’m allowing him up to three sessions with you per week, up to and including three full nights alone with him in the master bed. Pack sleeping doesn’t count unless we have sex. Think about it Dean. We want your input before we finalize the deal. We can do a couple of trial weeks if you like. Cas and I both agree—what you want matters to both of us.”
allow anyone to harm them. You may not know me well yet, Jess, but I protect what’s mine with a ferocity that has the potential to border on madness.”
Dean let Michael re-set.  He ran a light hand across the hot red flesh to soothe him.  “You didn’t do anything wrong in your test today, Michael.  Your angst is misplaced.  You aren’t a monkey, and you don’t live by their rules anymore.  You live by mine, and I say you didn’t do anything wrong.  Jody knew what she was getting into, and you did what they told you to do.  Let it go, Omega.  Go ahead and take the pain, and let it go.  Hear me?”  Dean stepped back into place as Michael nodded.  A teardrop broke free from the tip of his nose, but he made no sound.
“You’re afraid that watching what we do is going to turn you on.  That’s why you’re buttoned up tighter than an Asbestos Hazmat suit.”  He half expected to be called down by Cas for that one, but the Alpha said nothing.
me. I don’t want you to handle my emotions for me; feed me the words you think I need to hear to pull myself through the guilt. I know what you’re doing. This is different. This is bigger, and I need you to let me handle myself. I want the truth of what you’re feeling. I want the real you, Dean Michael.”
She gave up deflecting and engaged in the discussion, sitting up and leaning into her crossed arms on the table.  “Yes, alpha, it makes me look weak.  Okay?  Maybe not to you.  Maybe not to wolves in general.  But I can’t take that risk when there’s still a terrible stigma in the ape community and my chief cheerleader for my doctoral dissertation is also my personal doctor.  People who need drugs to regulate their anxiety are seen as unreliable, overemotional, sketchy…at worst, mentally ill, and that’s a label that can stick to a person like glue for the rest of their career!  There are apes on my panel, Dean!  What if they find out?  What if the wolves find out, and they aren’t as understanding as you are?”
you asked.  I get it, baby.  I know what your emotions were going through in those days.  I don’t know what was in your head, but I know you were set way back on your heels emotionally.  You went into
“You promised me a friendly crowd, you bitch!  What the fuck was that?!  Who were all those people?  I thought you vetted the crowd before you let anyone in!”
Cas laughed in spite of himself.  Leave it to Michael to break through his lingering resentments with an action that Cas would totally have done the same way himself.  “Good!” he said decisively.
Dean touched her shoulder. “I’m sorry, beta. Truly. I’m very sorry.” Dean’s green eyes had the most amazing effect on people when he used them to look right through someone. Kali’s lip trembled, but she rallied and straightened.
“Not contractors, no,” Cain told him, far less polite in his demeanor than when addressing Cas.  “Friends of friends.  It isn’t a business arrangement.  Rather, it’s…mutually beneficial.  A club with exclusive membership.  Selective.”  Cain’s eyes trailed across Dean’s shoulders before boldly meeting his eyes.
“I agree,” he told her, taking a seat on the edge of the bed, still wearing his bathrobe.  He looked up at her expectantly.
The man smirked.  “Is that right?  We’ll see, won’t we.  You get the skinny already?  Normally, we’ll jump right in without all this jabber, but as it’s your first time, I’m gonna give you a quick intro.”
Dean wasn’t here for scening, he was just the fluffer.  Now, granted, once the room was full, he was expected to make a few circuits offering his mouth, his fist, and his ass to anyone who needed a rev up, but his role was much like that of the warm wet folded wash cloths by the basin.  He was tool for their use, not a Submissive for playing.
“Yes! I stayed up last night and filled in a bunch of pages, and I used Alpha’s copier to make even more. Michael, he can’t do eight hundred lines in a weekend! It’s not fair! I was just trying to help you, Dean! I thought we were friends!”  April dissolved into tears.
Dean leaned toward Cas. “We tried that already, man. You set me up for an awesome roleplay. Had me so pissed I nearly walked out on you in the playroom, and I’ve
“What do you want me to say, Dean? Yes, mad. But I stashed him, and Jody and I both lived through it.”
“I would appreciate your discretion on the matter, alpha,” Cain agreed. “Although I’m not naïve enough to think you won’t describe it to Castiel.”
“Well, yeah.  I mean, I thought you wanted, like three rounds tonight.  You going to quit on me after just one?”
“And rule number one, Michael?  I expect obedience from you in thought, spirit, and action.  Inviting people to this house for an event I did not approve is disobedience, plain and simple.”
while I’m there, so he can release it just before Grammy nominations begin.  I wanna do it like the old 45 singles and create a B-side.  I wanna put this new one on the reverse side and release them together.  LPs are coming back.  That means 45s are coming back.  It feels right.  The two songs, they match.  They’re opposite sides of the same coin.  I want them on opposite sides of the same record.  Cain, please.  Please let me do this.”
Castiel sagged in the chair.  He felt his perfect life slipping away, and for the first time felt more than just a little empathy for what Dean must’ve gone through when Cas met April.  Watching another Dominant take his Sub, his beloved, and knowing things would never be the same had been devastating to watch. Castiel’s wolf was beside himself.  Cas didn’t try to soothe him though.  Now was not the time for Castiel’s comfort.  It was for Dean.  Cas excused himself from the room and felt his phone buzz in his pocket before he’d even made it out the door, reminding him that the closed circuit feed had been patched through to Kansas.  They’d all seen it.
“I’ll do my part, Sir,” Michael assured him.  “But Dean won’t.  He’s going to resist kicking and screaming.”
“Get your head back! Show me that throat! Take it, damn you!” Michael rutted. Sweat began to drip off of him as he took ownership of what was his. He put his teeth on the pulse point of Raphael’s throat, biting down hard enough to be a threat and to pull with the force of his motion, but not close to breaking skin. He drove his cock into the alpha again and again until his body burned with the need for release, and he squeezed his eyes as his balls pulled up tight, and his jaw clamped tight enough onto Raphael’s throat that several alphas on the monitors outside stood up in alarm, seconds away from bursting in.
Cas practically glowed with pride. Chuck shook his hand warmly in Castiel’s office. Dean looked a little bit shy, a little bit nervous, but his hand didn’t shake as he signed the book deal for Chuck’s account manager.
“Uh-huh,” Dean commented.  “Make sure you use protection when you dance.  He may be on the good stuff we prescribe employees, but that’s not gonna keep either of you safe from STDs.”
Castiel.”  They stared at each other, unblinking.  Castiel wilted, and Dean dropped his face into his hands. “I didn’t mean that,” he mumbled through his fingers.
Dean hesitated in his booth, not following as Cas got up and dropped several bills on the table.  Cas caught on to his wary state of mind and prompted him with a tilt of his head.  Dean blinked a couple of times and set his jaw, but he found the words he needed.
“You arranged my job to give me something else to fight for,” Michael guessed, and Dean nodded. “Just in case I hadn’t bought in to the Pack enough. You’ve been putting this together since…?” Michael blinked. It had to have been since shortly after they arrived in Lawrence. They quieted again. No one moved. The ball was in Michael’s court. He scratched his chin after a while. “How long have you been working on this?” he asked at last.
Michael let himself exhale very slowly.  He began to stroke her hair softly again as a much clearer picture took shape in his head.
Dean stormed out the door, tripping over Portia on her way in. He left the door hanging ajar and thundered back into the kitchen. He flung Cas’ ill-begotten pastry into the trash and began assaulting a new lump of dough with his rolling pin. Behind him in their playpen, two of his pups began to wail, and Tony disappeared into the pantry.
He’d not had to fake his submission at all against the onslaught of the whip and that godforsaken cross.  Tossed carelessly back into his own well-appointed room, Gabriel cursed the damned thing and pushed himself off his cot with shaking and bleeding arms.  They’d eventually get around to sending medical to check him over, but he needed to be gone by then.  He needed to disappear, but he was bleeding enough to leave a trail, and that would complicate matters.  Gabe began ripping his bedsheet into wide strips.
The end of the show broke Castiel’s heart.  Abandoned by everyone, even her own Alpha, and destroyed in body and spirit, the Omega died in agony on stage with no musical accompaniment, and the starkness of its realism brought the depth of the tragedy that much closer to home. Cas felt his face drain of blood and his fingertips grow cold.  He looked across Dean’s grim face to his mate.  He could feel her devastation in his mind.  She had tears streaming down her face and looked close to a panic attack as all her fears appeared in cold, vibrant, live color in front of her eyes.  Cas nudged Dean and then nodded at April.  Dean wrapped her up with an arm over her shoulder and bumped into Michael who was doing the same from the other side.  Michael’s eyes had overflowed as well.  (Omegas should be warned about the ending before they come to see this), Dean’s wolf shot out viciously.   He didn’t like seeing his pack this disturbed over a fucking musical.  It was supposed to be fun.
“We don’t have a lot of freedom where the law is concerned, Dean. Your father was his own alpha. He refused to let us notify you. Our hands were tied. Until a couple of days ago when he relinquished his care to Bobby, family notifications were his call. I’m really very sorry.” Her eyes spoke comfort and kindness, and Dean didn’t want to be an asshole.
Dean’s vision tunneled, and finally, as his grip on consciousness began to slip, his panic subsided. He calmed internally. He let go. His muscles went slack. His grip, one hand clutching Castiel’s thigh, and one on the wrist at his throat, fell loose. His head slammed hard against the door, his body following like a shaken slinky. Just as he nearly faded to blackness, Castiel pulled out and allowed him to suck in sweet, sweet air. Dean fell back against the door when Castiel let him go, crumpling onto his butt, chasing sparkles in his vision, and blinking his eyes in dismay.
“You worry too much, Talbot.”  Crowley touched the button at his arm rest and spoke into the intercom.  “Stop by that street taco place.  I need sustenance.”
Don't know what made me think I could fit that into an intro.  When have I ever been able to shorten anything?
It had been a very long time since he’d experienced this: the uncertainty of a partner he didn’t know, the pleasure of facing a scene from his show persona, the pure unadulterated bliss of a faceless fucking Dominant-to-Submissive.  Dean let go.  His body took the pounding from behind, and his eyes rolled back in his head.  His nerves sang.
Castiel sat back in his chair. He tilted his head and regarded the man before him. Was he sizing up his prey? A blunt finger passed over his lip and then stroked back again. The red dissipated fully from his eyes, leaving them an uncomplicated blue. The wolf was stowed safely wherever Cas kept him ninety percent of the time. Michael watched him think it through.
“Oh, you know what?” said Dean.  “You’re following the wrong wolf.  You need to shadow THAT guy.”  He pointed at Cas.  “You and he would make a perfect team.  You’re birds of a feather.”
“You won’t rest even then,” Cas told him staunchly.  “This job, if it works out for you, is not one that will ever allow you to rest on your laurels.  The second you take your eye off her best interest, you’re out, and I don’t give a fuck how long you’ve been Pack by then.”
“Oh,” said Sarah.  She couldn’t seem to pull her eyes away.  “I’ve never seen an alpha woman this directly, doing…that.”
“It’s not fair to burden Kate with an extra Claim she doesn’t need.” Sam pulled back into his original argument. “If we were alpha-shy, maybe. But we’re not. We’ve got three solid alphas. Three Claims is enough to stabilize an Ozzie like Kate, even with her Mating-bond tugging her off-balance. You don’t need me.”
“We’re going to be making changes around here starting right now,” he informed her.  “The first is that whoever arrives home first starts dinner.  Sound fair?”
They shared the space in solidarity and silence for a few minutes, Dean’s state of mind leaking out to blanket Castiel.  At length, Cas felt the moment ripen, and he broke the silence.
“No. You made your bed. You can sleep in it.” Dean waited another infinite moment before shoving himself up to his feet and stepping clear. His dick wept the loss, but an alpha, even a Submissive one, had some pride, and Dean was no one’s toy.
Here was this nerdy-looking professor with a perpetual classroom demeanor casually using phrases like
April had begun to carry the energy of her work sessions around with her, a little wild-eyed and manic.  Gabriel seemed to be riding her high-strung notes.  His jokes were louder and coarser than usual, enough that even Kali found them irritating, and the newlyweds snapped at each other more than once.
“Just let us in to see him. I’m not going to force my way in. I want him to know we’re coming, and I want to keep it short. I’m not afraid of what he’s turned into, and I’m not afraid of pissing him off. God knows I did that often enough to be used to it by now. He’s a stubborn old bastard, just like you said, but he has no right to keep this from us. We don’t get another chance to say goodbye, man. We don’t get another chance. If he can let you and a fuckin’ cast of thousands in, he can, by damn, man up enough to face his sons!”
Gabe swallowed but filled in some gaps. “Bobby was here. He patched her up a little and knocked her out. She’s been asleep since late last night, but she was awake and talking for a few hours. She begged me not to call you. I think she wanted a little rest before she had to face you, Alpha.”
“Good girl. Next time you need to tell on Daddy, you say ‘Daddy said a bad word.’  There’s no reason to repeat words you’re too young to be saying. Come on. Dinner. I’m starving. Who’s starving with me?”  Dean sloughed most of the pups into the shallow water, hauling Emma, still clinging to his back, out of the pool. He leaned low and let Emma slide down to her feet as her siblings and cousins climbed dutifully out of the pool and scampered toward the towels.
Dean’s brows shot up, and Cas winced, regretting his words immediately.  “Babysitter, Cas?  That explains why you didn’t trust me enough to talk to me about OKC.  Besides, it’s all
Cas went on after a moment. “We are both enriched by our mates. But neither of our mates is sufficient to
Dean left it at that, driving himself hard onto Michael again and again.  His mate wasn’t going to last long, especially not with Dean keyed in to the pleasure Michael was feeling, and playing him like a tightly strung harp.  Michael held onto Dean’s hips, but he didn’t direct the motion.  Dean bent over and took Michael’s right nipple in his mouth, biting gently, but then he spotted the Mating-scar on Michael’s shoulder and went for that instead.  All it took was for Dean to put minimal pressure on the scar with his teeth, and combined with the pleasure coming through his dick, it was too much.  Michael threw his head back, tightened his grip, and came inside his mate’s ass, grinding up hard in miniscule pulses of his hips.
“You did. And so did I. I’m done. I don’t need anything else, and I suspect neither do you. You just told me what you needed to tell me, didn’t you?”
A pale red-headed alpha at the end of the line called to him.  “Fresh meat, is it?  You taste him yet, Pidge?”
Cas took another deep breath and stood up from his chair to stretch.  “No sign of intestinal entanglement?”
“Of course, you weren’t a Winchester then, or a Novak. You were…” He picked up a title card and read from it. “April Anderson, also known as PookieBear-Ninety-Nine.”
It had been hours since Dean last saw Cas. But as he sluiced off briefly in the staff showers, his husband rounded into the same section. He looked as spent as Dean felt. Cas had been heading toward a spigot on the opposite side from Dean, but he caught his husband’s scent and changed direction without even turning his head, practically falling against Dean’s wet body.
“I did all the bending over I’m gonna do for a mate, Kali. I’m never going back there again. Couldn’t even if I wanted to.” Gabe sounded so small to Dean, small and broken, but there was steel in his tone.
The vibrator didn’t even respond. It continued to pulse at a middle rate, egging Dean’s prostate into a dull, tingly throb that he chose to ignore.
By the time he and Ryan hit the locker room, Dean was exhausted.  Unlike Ryan though, Dean was still unfinished.  Ryan tapped Dean’s butt in camaraderie, welcomed him back, and headed for the shower.  He nodded gamely and said something suitably gracious as he waved Ryan on.  Dean ignored the showers.  He pulled on a pair of sweats and a T-shirt and trudged down the hall to Castiel’s office.
“It was two,” Cas corrected.  “There’s a difference between a full orgasm and a mechanically induced harmonic.  And I believe your penis has experienced enough direct stimulation tonight anyway, regardless of the count.”
“Michael…” he moaned. Where the hell was his mate? Couldn’t Michael feel how sick he was? No. No, Dean couldn’t feel Michael, and that meant that his mate couldn’t feel him either. Dean beat weakly against the closed bond-link. Michael must be so angry. The tears that started as wells of moisture brought about by his abortive vomiting overflowed as Dean sank his head back down and wept pathetically.
“You see? I’m not like the others. You need to understand.” He tipped her chin up. “Keeping you safe doesn’t mean relying on the instinct of my Dominant designation. I don’t get that luxury like most alphas do. I must temper his impulses. I must keep him leashed, and I must examine every urge that comes from him for its source before I can safely act on it. I thought you knew that.” He looked deep into her eyes, willing her to understand.
“Probably not half as satisfied as you are,” Michael muttered under his breath, reading the immense fulfillment that eked off Castiel in waves, surrounded as he was by the proof of his substantial virility. Michael’s eyes rolled good-naturedly, but he brought himself back. He had something to say, and he needed to strike the right tone.
It wasn’t something he was in any hurry to do again, mind you, but Dean let the feeling of taking the tiger by the tail and living to tell about it set his blood coursing through his body. He felt full and trusted and adored and utterly insufficient to describe the sensations. He put all his ineffable emotion into preparing a meal for his Pack. They would understand.
sixteen. But that’s too late. It sets kids up to get to their first mature Heat still virgins, terrified out of their minds, horny enough to try to get the family dog to fuck them, and primed to be victimized by some alpha with no self-control. It’s too late, I’m telling you. I’ve seen it again and again. Lots of kids don’t wait, no matter what the law says – betas, alphas, even some of the neutral Omegas sneak off into private places and do what wolves do – but the Ozzies, most are trying their damnedest to behave themselves, make their Alpha proud, obey the house rules. But then they turn sixteen. They came to me on the street, desperate for something I can’t give them and putting themselves right into the meat grinder that chews up virgins and spits them out broken.”
“It’s what he said. He said it several times at pretty high volume.”  Dean looked up at the butler. “He said he was sick of being an afterthought, and I should stop and think about what I’m doing before I run out and do it, that I should feel sorry about it before I even do whatever it is I’m about to do. How am I supposed to respond to that? It’s like he doesn’t get me at all. I thought we had it all figured out. We were tooling along great. I take shit all the time for being too soft on his Omega, and I give him everything my wolf has to give, and I feel like it should be enough. I can’t just stop being who I am. Cas gets me. God, did you see us that morning? He stood to the side and let me flare up and break the fuck out of our kitchen, and he didn’t try to make me feel bad about not worrying about it beforehand, he just made me pay for the mess, and he let it go. Why can’t Michael do that?”
Dean chuckled.  “Dude, we can do better than that.  We can legitimately make folks vanish if we want.  Cas has mob connections.”
He built speed and power slowly, taking his time, working himself into a slow but steady urgency. Cas felt her Omega gland Release again as she came hard on nothing but the feel of his cock inside her, clutching his shoulders and calling out. In a compartmentalized section of his brain, he marked that she didn’t need clitoral stimulation to reach orgasm, and he counted himself lucky. He’d always enjoyed the sensitivity of an easy ‘O.’  Her eyes never left his face. He thrust a few more times, slow and hard, grinding her groin against his on his upstroke before clenching his jaw and following his beautiful mate over the edge with a loud groan.
“You did fine there, Alpha. You forgot to tell me first. That’s all. You made a good choice. She needs to be here for a while. I can live with that. You wanted to know what my feelings are about her staying for good, and I told you. Call it my decision if you want, but it was in your hands all along. You listened to me; let me in on what’s going down. You make the decision from here based on what’s best for the Pack, and we’ll all live with it, even if it means Naomi hears me moan on your knot.”
“Shh.  Hey.  You don’t ever have to do anything you don’t wanna do, kiddo.  You’re not Omega.  Unless you Trigger a TM response, you can plant your feet and say no.”  Meg slid out of the short bench seat and switched sides so she could wrap an arm around her friend.
Sam cast a look up toward Fred as the man walked up with his usual stately air.  “Uh, Sarah, this is Fred Heyerdahl, our butler.  Fred, Sarah may like to speak with you personally for a few minutes, if you don’t mind.  She has some questions about Pack traditions that a Primate might be able to answer better than I can.”
His face sobered as he sat up straighter.  “You’re going to tell me everything next time we’re alone.”
Billie collapsed into a chair. “I think you aged me forty years in the last ten minutes, Submissive. Jesus, what a fucking mess.”
“No.  But you’re the best,” Chuck grumbled under his breath.  “You know, I set my profit projections on you doing another textbook next year; one for graduating seniors.”
At least three wolves earned themselves physical reprimand during the night of revelry, and Dean enjoyed watching their asses turn shiny and red, laid out over their Tops’ laps, Dean’s eyes hooded and his mate shaking a head at him.
“She said she knew Dad when she was a pup, and they were friends—dated even. She made it sound like she was nearly
“Relax, Sam. We’re making some new announcements right now. You go on in five. We’ll have them ready for you. All you and Dean do from now on in the feature panel is talk. Hugs are allowed if you initiate. The audience is not allowed on stage. It’s still the first panel though. We’re going to keep the rules lax for the audience itself. As long as they can play and keep it in the seats, we’re going to let them. If they start to get rowdy or too close to you boys, we call it. Be ready, but the security team has their instructions. You’ll be fine. The sense is that your fans are over-the-moon about you boys Mating finally. And the pups, of course; rumors are already spreading about your twins,” she added with a happy smirk. “Everyone wants you safe and happy.”
“This isn’t my facility,” Cas reminded his husband. “I don’t have assignment rights here. And besides, every Omega here is in Heat-distress. This merry-go-round approach isn’t ideal for any of them, but there aren’t enough alphas to assign each Omega one of their own.”
“You have chocolate on your collar,” she told him with a teasing tone before turning to load her ceramic tea service into the dishwasher.
“Sir, it seems to me that you’re struggling so much with accepting that your mate is who she is because instead of mirroring you like I do, in all the ways that make you proud, she mirrors your deepest shame.  We’re friends here, Cas, and we’re not going to pretend that you aren’t a world class chess master in your own right.  Only, you’re not proud of that fact at all.  You do what you feel you must, but you barely acknowledge it even to yourself.  This girl who has you so turned around is all your fears made real.  But if I’m understanding you right, she’s not ashamed of what she can do at all.  As an Ozzie, she’s more likely possessive, protective of it.  It matters to her, Cas.”
He cut a cold and lonely figure against the darkening sky, sitting curled in on himself in the middle of the picnic table’s bench, facing the mirrored stillness of the duck pond.  The solitude he sought fit the cold air and the crystal clarity of the twinkling stars, those that flared bright enough to pierce through industry and modernity and an abandonment of the sacred cycle separating day and night.  Gabriel was a lone wolf in the wrong century, on the wrong continent, out of phase with his roots and his people.  All expression melted from his face, leaving behind lax defeat and eyes so familiar with grief that he needed no voice to communicate his loss.
“It wouldn’t, but we also have to trust Dean.  He’s a strong alpha.  He can do this.  And April is tougher than she looks.  I’m not worried about my mate.  Besides, I’m keeping an eye on her.” Castiel tapped the bridge of his nose, close to where Dean had said he could feel the Mating-bond connect.
“Yes?” he repeated more firmly, imbuing his word with a touch of Dominance. “Your words, April Renée, not mine.”
in his ‘Deep alpha’ designation and years of teaching pretentious assholes who needed to be knocked down a peg.
Cas pursed his lips. “I’ve been following a course of disciplinary meditations three times a day over the past week. Plus, a careful examination of my alpha and my wolf had me primed to catch them both before they… I … rushed off half-cocked. I’ve had their leashes wound tight around my fists ever since you questioned why I let you accompany me to the hospital at the Septennial. Neither of my designations has had any slack for days. I won’t pretend that wasn’t convenient. I believe Eldon Styne is alive this evening because
“What else, what?” asked April shyly.  Dean raised his brows at her and shoved a forkful of eggs in his mouth.
“She thinks I’m a money-grubbing fortune hunter, all right?  She thinks I lie to you and fool you into believing…whatever…and that I stole the last vestige of decency you had left!”
“Come here, Omega.  Don’t make me count at you like a five-year-old.”  Dean patted his own thigh easily.  Michael noted that Dean’s body held no tension.  He didn’t seem angry, just stern.  He stepped forward slowly and stood before his mate.  Dean pulled him in to stand between his knees.  He rested his chin against Michael’s solar plexus and gazed up at him.  “I know you’re sorry.  We’ll talk after.  If you feel like crying, go ahead and cry.  Leave the bonds open – both of them.”
At length, it was Castiel who stirred.  “Jesus, that was good,” he muttered quietly.  He sat up slowly, uncomfortable in the sticky mess.  “Dean, baby, are you awake?”
The door banged open and then slammed again.  Jo’s greeting belted into the kitchen.  “I’m here, you bitch, what the fuck is the big emergency?  I have a shitload to get done tonight.”  She bustled in and froze in the doorway.  “We’re drinking the good stuff?  Who died?”
“He’s Omega,” Cas noted, as if that explained everything. Then he added, “And he’s also human, Dean. He loves you. He honors your authority because he’s far more than just his wolf. His Secondary needs boundaries. You built him the stability that he craves, and he knows that it’s good for him. He honors Jody’s authority because he values the access she grants him to what he wants to accomplish with his life. Don’t miss the fact that in all the time we’ve known him, Michael has had this talent within him, and he only brought it forth in defense of the lives of his Pack. He regulated his rage even as he wielded that power for the very first time. He didn’t hurt anyone – more than was reasonable. That speaks to who he is at his core.”
“Quid Pro Quo, Clarisse,” Dean reminded him.  Michael giggled and returned the favor.  Then he did it again, and again.  And one more time.  Dean panted and thrust his hips into his mate’s channel.  “Yeah.  That does feel pretty good.”
“Legally, no, but they are still the team you assembled.  They’ve made a commitment to seeing your mandate through to the election.  They want your input.”
Dean released a massive breath.  He turned slowly to find Sam, still exactly where he’d been, and still just as pissed off.
“This is a surprise,” he told the women, nonplussed. “I expected to find someone laid out, but I never expected
Dean was drunk, raucously laughing at the bar with Benny.  It had been a good day, and they all needed to let their hair down.  Dean was also beautiful, and Castiel was listening raptly to Charlie across from him in the booth, but his eyes kept finding a perch on Dean’s laugh lines.
Cas turned to Dean, perplexed. “I never asked you to keep that information confidential.  Why would you not answer your Dom’s question?”
“Yeah,” she said glumly.  “Damned if you do, damned if you wait.  I’m going to be gray before someone wants me, and by then it will only be out of desperation.”
Dean spun high into the clouds. He bit his own lip and drew blood. Sarah and Adam were both gone when he looked again. He felt teeth at his inner thigh, and he cried out. Someone wrapped lips around the head of Dean’s cock while someone else thrust a feminine-scented alpha dick between his lips, and Dean lost track of all the sensations, lost himself completely and came hard with his eyes shut tight.
“Do you have any idea what I’m going through here?” Dean challenged. “We just got back from my dad’s funeral. I’m coming unglued, and I need you. Please.”
“Well,” Benny responded, joining Jack in the shade. Ketch followed more slowly. “I figure on two Omegas to start.” He nodded at Jack. “Jo’s mother is Omega and a widow, so where Jo goes, Ellen goes.”
