“Promise?” Sherlock says. He means it in a teasing fashion, but it doesn’t come out teasing at all. It comes out low and intent, with a neediness that would have embarrassed him thoroughly in another lifetime.
Over and over he hits Sherlock, hard and unyielding, making him sob and shudder with each sharp blow, and the rhythm of it sends John into some kind of hypnotic state where time itself slows to a crawl, the inexplicable need inside of him both soothed and inflamed by the ritualized violence, by the shocking power and intimacy of inflicting pain on the one he loves most in the entire world.
“I certainly wouldn’t disagree.” John reaches over the edge of the mattress, swipes his tee shirt up off the floor. “Are you done investigating my output? Because I’m pretty sure you want me to clean you up before you start getting cold and sticky.”
He looks over at John, sees pride and amusement and affection in his dark blue eyes. John shifts his posture, settles back into the sofa, and something changes in his expression as he regards Sherlock in a frank, overt manner that still makes Sherlock feel a little shivery and lightheaded, even after all these years.
Sherlock nods, comes over to stand at the side of John’s bed. He carefully wraps his larger hand around John’s, gives him a single, surprisingly gentle squeeze of reassurance.
John tries to breathe past the knot in his chest, tries to find words to convey the swell of feeling at Sherlock's murmured words of self-reproach. Failing to find any, he places his fingers on a bony knee and squeezes once, gently, before bringing his fingers back to rest on his own thigh.
John’s voice drops to a purring growl. “You love that, don’t you? You love to hear me call you a filthy, shameless whore.” Sherlock just stares at him, wordless as he breathes in shallow ragged gulps, his skin overhot and exquisitely sensitive, his cock straining hard against overly-snug trousers.
“I’ve known from almost the first day we met,” says Sherlock. “I could enumerate the many clues, but it doesn’t make a bit of difference now, does it.”
“Pardon the fine china,” he says with a wry grin, handing the jar to John. “You didn’t leave me much to work with.”
"I'm here to kidnap you, sir," the man replies mildly, lowering his hands. He nods towards the gun. "And where we're going, you might want that loaded."
He considers getting up, getting dressed, maybe just turning the telly on for a bit of background noise. But his sleep debt is still a million miles from being repaid, and even as he’s mulling over these options his body asserts its own needs.
John’s hands slip down to his waist, fingertips digging into the warm flesh of Sherlock’s back as he moves in between the vee of his spread thighs. Their mouths find each other again, wet and hot, rough with desperate need. One of Sherlock’s legs wraps around his, his arm sliding around John’s shoulders, pulling him closer as they kiss; their bodies now pressed together from chest to pelvis, John can feel Sherlock’s hard length pressed against his own. John’s hips push forward of their own volition, seeking contact and movement and heat, tearing breathy moans from both of their throats as as their hard cocks press and slide together through the rough friction of clothing. Overcome by need, John fumbles blindly with the button and zip of Sherlock’s trousers.
“Of course,” Sherlock replies without hesitation. “We wouldn’t be in this ridiculous situation if I didn’t.”
John is finally, at last, beginning to truly understand why Sherlock had kept this from him. He hates it, it fills him with resentful anger that Sherlock treats him like a child that needs shielding from the harsher truths, but for the first time he does indeed understand.
The office is warmer, neater and more brightly lit than the main area of the club. The walls are painted paneling; beneath their feet is a clean, elegant laminated dark woodgrain flooring. A tank of tropical fish -- John would guess maybe fifty gallons, but he knows very little of aquariums -- takes up most of the wall to their right, a black overstuffed sofa against the left. The far wall of the room is dominated by a sixty-inch plasma TV showing a video game currently on pause.
John remakes the bed (finding the bottle of lube lost among the tangled bedclothes and putting it into the night table drawer) and takes the soiled sheets out into the kitchen for tomorrow’s laundry. He returns to the bedroom, toes off his shoes; he’s sliding his belt out of the loops of his jeans when the ensuite door opens and Sherlock emerges, stiff prick flushed dark red and bobbing upright against his his flat belly, nude and unselfconscious and breathtakingly beautiful. John feels his mouth literally water at the sight of him.
That’s not true, Sherlock,” John says, low and calm but with an unmistakable undercurrent of anger. “It’s not.”
As he dresses John wonders, briefly, about the future. Are they a couple now, even though they haven’t yet kissed? Will they share a bedroom permanently, his jeans and plaid shirts residing next to Sherlock’s couture suits and two hundred quid shirts? Just what are they, now, tiptoeing past the the threshold of friendship but not yet precisely lovers?
Sherlock has been playing for over half an hour when John realises the co-codamol is really getting to him, despite only being over the counter strength. John is still fundamentally tired, worn to the bone despite his nap, and the warm bath of codeine is spilling over into something a bit flushed and woozy. He yawns, hugely and involuntarily.
“You can still keep her,” Mycroft murmurs from where he is hovering, at the far end of the shadowed room, near the closed door. “Mary has agreed to whatever terms you state. We can bury this information, and you can be her legal father, and she will not interfere. If that is what you wish.”
“You seem like a pleasant bloke,“ John says with true regret, “and I apologise, but I will absolutely use this if I have to. Now, again: Tell me how to get to Harrah’s parking garage, going from the back of this building.”
The tightness inside of him somewhat relieved, his shoulders and neck more relaxed, John suddenly feels profoundly tired, like he could sleep for an entire week straight. He turns to his side, facing Sherlock, adjusting the pillow and curling his knees into a fetal position, making a tiny, almost involuntary sigh.
“Well. Um, no,” Greg mutters, looking a bit confused and uncertain. “Not really a fabrication as such.”
“I can’t live without you,” Sherlock says into the sweat damp skin of John’s shoulder. “You’re my whole life.”
John rolls over and opens his eyes and stretches just as Sherlock’s rangy frame appears, backlit in the doorway.
“Take it slow?” John says. “Of course we can. In fact, we absolutely should.” He tilts his head up, kisses Sherlock, a chaste press of lips. “I’m sorry.”
“Here, wait, let me --” John wriggles out from under Sherlock and carefully yet competently manouevers him onto his right side, quickly unfastening his cuffs from the chain tethers them, then helping him roll onto his back before rubbing feeling back into his hands.
“And a hundred baby spiders came out,” Sherlock says in a broken, gravelly whisper. “And they ate her.”
Molly turns to face him, and John barely recognises the woman in front of him. She gazes at him levelly, her shoulders squared, her chin held high.
“Why?” Sherlock asks Maria, plaintive and raw, deep voice cracking up an octave on the single syllable. “Why kill either one of us? What’s the point? It’s over. Take that van and run, you might live to see another day. Killing us now achieves nothing.”
The image on the screen changes; a rotating image of a different male replicant set against a pale grey background; this one is smaller, finer-boned, black-haired, his large brown eyes sharp and cunning. He almost seems to be smirking at the screen, and there's something in that look that makes John profoundly unsettled deep in his belly.
Because he has a job to do. He will do this, he will pretend, he will live this lie for as long as he can because Sherlock asked him to, because Sherlock said they needed to buy time, because Sherlock said they needed to keep her placated for just a while longer. But actual forgiveness?
Sherlock’s mouth suddenly feels bone dry. As forward as he had been about his wishes, in this moment of truth he feels uncertain, horribly exposed and anxious.
Now that the issue is settled, Sherlock’s in his task-focused mode, mind clearly already moved on to the work at hand as he leaves the room without further farewell.
“You don’t even have to do that much work. In fact, don’t tell them anything, just set up the meeting. Tomorrow, at noon. Tell them to bring the baby. Say there’s a problem with the paperwork, you need a footprint on the affidavit, make up something. Doctor Watson and I will handle the actual business conducting the handover.”
“You aorta as well as your colon were both lacerated,” Sherlock reminds him, somewhat unnecessarily.
“Okay,” Martinez says. “Whatever. Long as I get paid, this is between y’all, not me. When and where is this transaction to take place?”
“I know him,” the young man replies. “I know what he looks like. And I’ve not seen him here.” He flicks his eyes up to John’s. “Does that count as anything?”
Sherlock straightens, sits back on his heels between John’s spread thighs. He’s a vision of debauchery, hair a riot, a splash of come on his swollen lower lip. He dabs primly at the corner of his mouth, and the ridiculous contrast of the proper little gesture, after all of the unspeakably filthy things Sherlock has just done to him with that mouth, makes John’s heart swell with aching love for this ridiculous, brilliant, gorgeous, and apparently sexually voracious creature he has somehow managed to claim as his own.
“I so much want to be everything you need,” John says into the warm skin of Sherlock’s bare shoulder, the truth spilling out of him before he can give in to the urge to take it back, shut it down, shove it away. “I want to fix it all, make everything better, make everything right. I want this to be perfect for you, more than anything, and I’m afraid of screwing it up, of frightening you or upsetting you, and I don’t know what the hell I’m even doing, and -- and -- ” he draws a deep, shuddering breath, tries to get his careening emotions under control. “Fuck, Sherlock, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to -- ”
John still has the tiny stinger on the edge of his fingernail; he transfers it carefully to Sherlock’s outstretched index finger. Sherlock studies it intently as John puts the card aside and reapplies the ice pack.
The third bullet pierces Maria’s skull just above her left eyebrow, exiting rather messily from the back of her head, splattering bone and brain against the wall behind her.
“We didn’t get them, Sherlock. We tried to surprise them, but they had a few minutes.” John shakes his head. “We grabbed a few of the hired goons, but the masterminds got away. Anything you can remember, anything at all--it would help. A lot.”
“And not because I’m trying to spare your feelings, or because I harbour any illusions about Mary’s maternal tendencies. Look at where she was, what she’s been reduced to. She is broke, desperate, on the run. The baby is, to put it bluntly, the only asset she had remaining. Mary is very ill, and the baby isn’t here, but whatever happened, Mary didn’t kill her. John. I’m absolutely certain of it.” Sherlock's strong hand rubs gentle, reassuring circles in his back. “Deep, even breaths, now.”
John Watson, however, is a man whose path in life is not especially conducive to metaphysical reflection. So he shuts it off, watches the colored lights against raindrops as he eats his rapidly cooling noodles.
“It’s a bot script that trawls the internet for relevant content to repost. I…” Sherlock looks a bit caught out. “I’ve had this account on the back burner for months, just in case.”
John glares at him for a single long moment, and then Sherlock’s mouth quirks up in a grin, and they’re laughing again, laughing so hard they’re almost crying, holding each other and cracking up like two naughty schoolkids caught in a very, very compromising position.
After two days of exhaustion, no sleep, and pounding what feels like every single pavement across West London, the case culminates in a foot chase through the grimmest crevice of Slough, and the suspect--one Ned Macgregor, skinny, spotty and stereotypically Glaswegian--disappearing into the hulk of a dark, damp abandoned warehouse.
It’s a novel, intoxicating discovery andJohn is gone on it, drunk on sensation and arousal and need, and the only thought he can form in his lust fogged brain is:
He lets his hands roam across John’s back and breathes in the scent of him, something warm and woodsy with a slight trace of an expensive floral shampoo, a high-end salon brand John would never--
“I’m all right,” John declares, rolling up the window and slumping back into his seat. “I’m all right.”
Sherlock pulls into traffic at a discreet distance from their target, six or seven cars behind the Tesla.
It stands to reason a woman who lived her life on social media would document every second of her successful adoption and new baby on Facebook. Of course she would.
“I had an Aunt Lillian,” he tells John. “Great-Aunt, actually. On my mother’s side. She would watch us on occasion. She would do puzzles with me, gave me pudding even when I didn’t finish dinner. She let me try on her hats. She was nice.” Sherlock shrugs, as if it didn’t matter much to him either way. “Just. You know. If you’re looking for baby names.”
John gives in briefly to his exhaustion, resting his gritty eyes for just a moment, his head pillowed against his folded arms on the table. His tiredness overcomes his anxiety and confusion and he doesn’t even realize he’s fallen asleep until he awakens to the young woman gently touching his shoulder.
John sighs, sagging heavily into the cheap blue chair. He rubs his eyes, tries to push down the sick worry clawing at his chest. Hours now they’ve been at this, and they don’t seem any closer to finding answers then they were when they started. He’s used to working with a genius, and he’s come to take astonishing observations and amazing deductions for granted. Compared to Sherlock’s soaring brilliance, this slow, painstaking slog through information feels like trying to walk through treacle in winter.
“Jesus. Oh God. Yes.” John whimpers as Sherlock bites at the pebbled flesh, pulls gently, then soothes him with wide flat swipes of his tongue. He moves to the other nipple, sucking and nipping as his fingers travel lower, sliding across his hipbone, tracing circles on the inside of his thigh, stroking the soft thatch of hair between his legs. John sighs and spreads his legs wider, encouraging his exploration. Sherlock takes his time, biting at the tiny bit of softness at John’s belly as he cups the warm weight of his testicles, rolling them gently between his fingers. His cock is stiff, almost flush against his lower belly, and as his fingers press gently against his perineum he licks the length of John’s cock, flicks his tongue against the slit, licking away a drop of clear precome as John moans and shudders underneath him.
“Okay, whatever verb you’d like to use to describe what you're doing. Please stop. Sit down and wait with me.”
The small Ruger in John’s hand suddenly feels like it weighs a hundred pounds. It succumbs to gravity, dropping from nerveless fingers and clattering to the ground. John follows, collapsing onto the hard floor despite his best attempts to stay upright.
Even several days in, John is impressed and a bit surprised by how Sherlock takes so easily to America, to driving on the wrong side of the road and paying with the wrong kind of money. He wonders, occasionally, about Sherlock’s life before they met, about the months  --years? -- he spent in Florida, how his path crossed with the Hudsons in this strange and huge country. It never seems like the right time to ask.
He has broken his own heart in two to keep John Watson’s safe. As part of the bargain, though, he does get one last adventure with his best friend. One last dragon to slay.
Though the fact remains he hasn’t yet arrived at a suitable Something Nice, and time is growing short.
“What?” Lestrade muttered, too distracted to correct Sherlock. “Oh. Yeah, guess so. I’ll call you if I have any questions.”
“Up,” he murmurs. John raises himself a bit, abdomen flexing with the effort, and with a moment of wiggling and twisting is able to extract his arms from the long sleeves. Wordlessly, he raises his arms in invitation, and Sherlock tugs his plain white cotton tee up and over his head. He tosses both garments carelessly over the side of the bed before refocusing his attention to John’s bare torso, bending his head to press kisses into the line of his collarbone, the rounded, unmarred curve of his right pectoral muscle. He presses his face into the space between John’s arm and chest, breathing in the scent of his body.
“I would have died too, you know,” Sherlock tells him. “If you had died, before we met. I wouldn’t be alive right now.”
“Committee on Moral Abuses, you say.” Irene opens the door, leaves it ajar as she enters the dressing room. John follows along, closing the door behind him, scrubbing a nervous hand through his hair.
Sherlock glares at him, fury and disgust evident in every line etched into his pale, exhausted face.
John knows she’s actually asking another question, one that’s so much closer to the heart of the matter than she’s letting on, but he has no earthly idea how to even begin to answer. Instead, he carefully selects a custard cream biscuit from the open tin on the coffee table, giving the simple task more focus than it generally requires.
“It’s decaf,” Tymika says, a note of apology in her tone. She places the cup on the bedside tray, along with two packets of sugar, and rolls the tray table over to the bed so John can more easily reach. “And a bit hot, so take care.” She straightens, tugs down the hem of her scrub top, and takes a step back. “And this gentleman is…”
John tightens the leash just a little. The tension of the collar presses against Sherlock’s trachea, almost but not quite restricting his airflow, a wordless reminder of the power John holds over him.
“Roll over for me?” he asks, soft and quiet, just a touch of uncertainty colouring the edges of his voice.
“You have me,” John murmurs, quiet and serious, wrapping his hands around Sherlock’s sheet-swathed waist. “All right? You’ll always have me.”
John shakes his head. “No, goddammit, I’m not,” he whispers, and descends on his mouth again, this time hot and searching, full of intent.
“The thing is,” Figueroa says with a deliberate mildness, “not too many folks around here keep up with what happens in London,  but you gotta understand, I got into this line of work because I’m kind of a crime buff. I read, a lot, and as it turns out, I know exactly who you are. I’m a fan, by the way. I’ve read your blog, Doctor Watson, and I know about your longtime association with Mister Sherlock Holmes, and also about your late wife, Mary Morstan, née Maria Kochenko. I know there’s a lot going on here, so why don’t you walk me through all this nice and slow, see if we can make some sense of what happened in that garage. Help me see you in a better light, maybe.”
(Maybe that’s not true. Maybe he had seen it on some level, maybe he did realize that Sherlock’s feelings for him were deep and complicated and he chose not to see it, chose not to know---and, well, that’s even worse, isn’t it?)
“This address includes a Plus-4 designation.” Sherlock hands the envelope back to John. “Common in bulk and business mailings, yes, but why include it on a hand-addressed envelope? Especially considering it wasn’t mailed? And I have to confirm, but I’m almost certain…John. “Do you know the ZIP code for Camden?”
He opens the door carefully, giving thanks for the silence of the hinges. The hall is empty; John slips through the doorway, carefully easing the door shut behind him. There is a murmur of voices coming through an open doorway ahead; John quietly makes his way to the edge of the open doorway, peeks around the corner.
It’s late, but the Chinatown markets are still buzzing with activity, clumps of people arguing or haggling or laughing, cooking fires and neon signs illuminating the night.
Sherlock breaks away, leaving John gasping for breath as he slides wet lips across his jaw, moves downward to press soft, almost chaste kisses down his bristly neck and across his collarbone. He moves down his body, places a row of feather-light kisses down his ribcage before his soft wet tongue darts out, tracing a delicate path down his stomach, dipping inquisitively into his navel as his large hands cup John’s hips, thumbs pressed into the hollow of his pelvic bones.
“You think I need protection?” Sherlock snarls. “Here’s a newsflash: I don’t. I don’t know where everyone got this idea that I’m some kind of fragile flower, but I’m not. I am
He picks up the pen on the table in front of him, scribbles a signature at the bottom of the page. He drops the pen and sighs, a sound of bone-deep weariness as he pushes the chair away from the table and stands, his hips and spine creaking in protest.
“Considering how much you like to be right, it truly is.” John kisses him once more. “But are you--are you certain? We’ve just fallen into bed, and that’s a pretty big leap to take right away.”
“No cane. No limp. I guess a little action fixed up that crossed wire in your head.” The Chief claps a moist, meaty hand on his shoulder; John steels himself not to shudder. “Three more to go, then. Come on, Lestrade.”
John withdraws his fingers, and Sherlock feels empty and cold as John sits back on his heels, pouring lube into his hand and slicking his beautiful flushed cock. He needs John, needs him so much, and he hears whimpering, desperate noises and it’s not until John says “Shhh, love, it’s okay, I’m here,” that he realizes he’s the one making them.
Seb seats himself in front of a streaked, pitted mirror and carefully paints his face, a deathly chalk white under his tangled birds’ nest of brunette hair, a stripe of charcoal across his flat dark eyes.
“Actually,” Sherlock begins, “dismemberment of a body postmortem will produce very different blood and fluid drip patterns owing to several key factors, including--”
Sherlock’s mouth tightens further, but then John sees him make the deliberate decision to not engage with John’s tetchiness. He reaches up to brush John’s fringe out of his eyes with careful fingers, a gesture of conciliation and caring that succeeds in softening the edge of John’s irritation.
“Got it in one. He’s not of Ukrainian descent, but Johnson obtained his undergraduate degree at East Stroudsburg University in the same time frame as Pete and Alice Dobrev. They apparently ran in the same circle, and have followed each other on social media for years. It’s circumstantial, but based on everything else I’m certain they’re in on it together.”
John sits on the edge of the unmade bed with a deep sigh, the sigh of a man feeling far older and more run down than his years.
“Just…” Sherlock waves in the general direction of the kitchen table. “Have a seat. I’ll, you know. Tea.”
he thinks. Their relationship, their connection, battered and bruised at every turn and all of it, all of it, even this, set into motion by a single psychotic man reaching out to torment them endlessly, even in death.
Curiosity is rapidly shifting into concern. Adrenaline doesn’t flood John’s system, not yet, but it’s definitely on standby.
That thought, that singular ray of hope, is so powerful it threatens to bring a fresh round of tears to his exhausted eyes.
but then it occurs to him maybe actually he did, so he settles for a nonverbal grunt of consent as he carefully snuggles closer against Sherlock. The man may be a bit of a sneaky bastard but he is undeniably in the right on all counts tonight, and he’s warm and he smells so good, smells like forever and always and
John is stroking himself slower now now, a gentle slide of his hand. He swipes a thumb across the wet slit, spreads the sticky precome around the head as he fondles himself. He hums softly for a moment as if in contemplation.
Sherlock feels his world, his universe shrink down to just this moment, just this piece of pavement as John tilts his face up, pulls Sherlock’s head down and kisses him. His lips are warm and soft, a little chapped, and his tongue is in Sherlock’s mouth and he tastes a bit like whipped cream and chocolate. Sherlock kisses him back with everything he has, everything he can put into a kiss, everything he doesn’t know how to say. It’s their last first kiss, under a streetlamp on a rain-slicked London pavement as the fog begins to roll in, and it’s all like something out of a stupid film Sherlock would never willingly watch.
“You’ve followed me across two continents and three states. You’ve uncovered my past and my secrets.You’re the man who sees everything, and you still don’t know?”
She laughs, just a trifle forced. “You wouldn’t want him to get too cranky. He sounds like a handful.”
A life she doesn’t deserve. Not by any system of measure. But in the end, a deal is a deal, and Mycroft will keep to his end of the agreement, and Mary will have her freedom.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock murmurs, and he obeys, watching himself. His bruised lips are parted, chest and cheeks stained with the flush of arousal, his shoulders tensing involuntarily as he waits for the first blow.
Sherlock falls silent again, thoughtful and distant as the panda turns on to Baker Street, pulls up at the kerb in front of 221B.
“Are you going to be like this the whole time?” Sherlock murmurs in mock-annoyance, but his eyes are tight with apprehension behind the show of bravado.
“Oh,” John says, any eloquence he might ordinarily possessed swept away by the tidal wave of relief coursing through his body. The apocalypse has been cancelled. Sherlock isn’t leaving. Sherlock isn’t breaking up with him. Sherlock isn’t asking him to pack his things and leave Baker Street.
Sherlock shifts slightly, then groans minutely and rolls to his side, facing John. John watches him sleep for several long minutes. It’s unreasonable, he thinks, that any human being should look like this-- long dark eyelashes against palest flesh, a face like a sleeping angel, like a living breathing seraphim lifted straight from some third-rate Italian Renaissance painting.
Sherlock is silent for a moment, just long enough that a tendril of worry starts to wrap around the base of his skull--
He takes a quick detour to the kitchen, fetching a tumbler from the pile in the sink and rinsing it out, then filling it and drinking the entire glass of water in one go before refilling. He carries the water glass into the lounge.
The shaky empty moment comes and goes, John kissing away embarrassed tears, and equilibrium slowly returns. Sherlock sighs and leans the back of his head against John’s chest--the old clawfoot tub is big enough for two, but just barely--and lets John clean him gently with a wet flannel.
“I’m not going anywhere,” John says, bracing his feet against the floor and pushing upward to meet Sherlock’s thrusts, as if to prove the truth of his words.
With nothing left standing between John and the truth, the grief he has held onto so tightly breaks free at last, dark and jagged and so sharp and it hurts, oh
“Sure,” Sonia says, bending to pull a black steel box from under the bar with a combination lock set into the front. She flips the dials expertly with her thumb, and flips the lid open, turns the opened box towards the bouncer. He places the guns in the box, closes the lid and rolls the dials with a careless swipe of the side of his hand.
The combined onslaught of pleasure is a tidal wave, overwhelming, and just a few moments later he feels the first shivers of approaching orgasm deep in his pelvis, a sudden hot rush of blood flooding his already-throbbing prick as his heavy bollocks pull up tight against his body.
In his more alert periods of wakefulness, John feels like a mechanical toy that’s been pulled apart and carelessly reassembled, important pieces of him forgotten and left behind somewhere. He doesn’t
“Looking after you has worn him right out,” she murmurs, draping the blanket over Sherlock’s angular frame.
John’s cock is undeterred by the minor interruption, still incredibly hard and ready as Sherlock closes his hand around him and strokes, root to tip and back again and God, it feels so good, despite the dry roughness of it, it chafes a little but it still feels--
A little before ten the next morning, John is awake and making toast when Sherlock arrives back home with a manila folder full of printouts in his hand. He looks more than a little worse for wear, his clothes rumpled, his hair simultaneously flat and frizzy, and his jaw shaded with surprisingly ginger stubble.
Sherlock nods, giving a tiny pained moan. John kisses the crease where groin meets thigh, cups his bollocks in his warm palm, massaging gently. “Use your words, darling.”
John rifles through his wallet and locates his bank card. He returns to the sofa, positions the short edge of it parallel to Sherlock’s (redder and angrier by the moment) skin. “It sounds like you feel worse for the bee than you do for yourself.”
The young man is terrified but unmoved. “I’m s-so sorry, Mr. Holmes,” the officer stutters, wide-eyed,  “but without proper approval--”
“It’s very late. Good night, Mr. Watson.” Sherlock ends the call, leaving John staring dumbly at at the darkened screen.
Sometimes John is almost caught by surprise at the intensity of his hatred. It’s to be expected, he supposes. He could never hate someone this much if he hadn’t believed in them before. Hadn’t trusted them. Hadn’t loved them.
“I guess not.” He brushes sweaty hair off Sherlock’s forehead and kisses him. “I’m going to get a cool cloth and some lotion for your backside. Also something to drink.”
He ends up with his knees at the edge of the mattress, spread wide enough that his belly and chest are pressed almost flat into the bed, his tortured nipples flaring up in fresh pain as the movement and friction makes the devilish clover clamps tighten even further.
The cashier, a young, kind-eyed Sikh in a cobalt blue turban and cheerful paisley short-sleeved buttondown, looks up from the open book on the counter. His brow creases in concern as he takes in John’s heavy breathing, wild eyes, and thoroughly disheveled and disreputable appearance.
“Mmm-hmm,” Sherlock mumbles, noncommittal, not wanting to be within ten kilometers of this conversation.
He’s exhausted, in body and soul, but he pushes on. For his daughter. For Sherlock. For the possibility, however remote, of all of them making it through this alive and unscathed and returning home to the cozy, dusty, desperately-missed rooms of Baker Street.
,” John mutters. Half afraid, half resigned, he swallows down his fear and moves to Sherlock’s side, ready to face whatever fate decides to bring them.
As he stares down at the phone in his hand, a cacophony of disjointed thoughts swirling around in his head, the mobile rings, the screen lighting up as the standard Apple ringtone trills.
The abandoned building has little to offer them in the way of clues; over the space of just two days many others have come and gone, for shelter or privacy or a place to drink or smoke or do God knows what, and any useful evidence has long since been erased.
The kid cocks his head to the right, looks at him, grins. “Where he goes, trouble’s seldom far behind.”
“I did not know that,” John says. “I feel like maybe you’re on the brink of a new quarantine project.”
“This is crazy,” John murmurs after the final giggling aftershocks have passed. “What are we doing? This is the craziest thing we’ve ever done, Sherlock.”
Sherlock hesitates for just the briefest moment before releasing John’s fingers in order to grasp at the hem of his shirt with both hands, pulling it up and over his head in one graceful motion before tossing it carelessly to the floor. He looks down at John, draws in a slightly shaky breath.
Sheldon shakes his head and turns back to John, nostrils actually flaring in irritation. John cuts him off before he can say anything else.
“That. Um.” Sherlock buries his face against the side of John’s torso, muffling his words. “I had intended a significantly different outcome. I apologise for the...um. The brevity of the encounter.”
Fun Fact: I tried to research if 'Allentown' actually hit the charts in the UK; I couldn't confirm, but the album it was on, The Nylon Curtain, did chart so I decided to just go with it. HOWEVER, I discovered that the song was a chart-topping radio hit in New Zealand, of all places.
Thinking of Mary, of her face pinched with disappointment, John feels a wave of utter exhaustion wash over him. Suddenly unwilling to stay upright, he stretches out on the couch, balances the glass on his chest as his eyes drift shut.
Everything is easier today, but it’s still no small victory when John manages to get himself into clean pants and a vest all on his own. The swell of triumph he feels at this most minor of accomplishments makes him snort in quiet self-mockery.
“Yes,” breathes Sherlock, “Oh, God, yes,” and in this endorphin-fueled moment, with everything outside this bed forgotten, and John deep inside him, it feels absolutely right and true and perfect.
They are so distracted by each other that they don’t hear the doorbell, nor do they hear Mrs. Hudson come upstairs until her sharp, annoyed harrumph pulls them from their reverie. Sherlock looks up from his compromising position on top of John to see his landlady in the doorway, arms crossed. She arches an eyebrow at the two of them, unsmiling.
John took the wooden box from the bedside table drawer and took out Sherlock’s collar, fastening the sterling silver buckles securely around Sherlock’s neck, sliding a finger underneath to check that it sat snugly without being too tight. The expensive black saddle leather made a stark contrast to his milk-pale skin of Sherlock's long neck. Two inches wide, with sterling silver buckles, John had spent far too much money on it, but when he first mentioned the idea of a collar early on Sherlock’s eyes had lit up with such enthusiasm that John couldn’t bear the idea of anything less than the absolute best touching his perfect skin.
Sherlock doesn't answer immediately. Hands in his pockets, his stance is deceptively casual as he pivots a half turn, gazes over the neat aisles, the well-organised inventory, the small knot of customers congregating in the waiting area for their prescriptions.
“Doctor Sheldon just said, and I quote, “If that man wants to leave so goddamn badly, then get him the hell out the door.” She gives a small shake of her head as she hands over the papers. “I mean no disrespect, Doctor Watson, but you’re being reckless and I do not approve of you doing this. Initials on the highlighted lines, please.”
He looks up at Sherlock. His lips are pressed tightly together, his expression grim and resigned. He gestures minutely with his chin in nonverbal communication.
“Um. Well. Hm.” John takes his hand off Sherlock’s shoulder and gets to his feet, backs away a bit, giving himself some much-needed space.
“Oh, God,” John groans. “Fuck. Your mouth. Your gorgeous dick-sucking mouth. It’s not fair of me to keep you all to myself. You should be a porn star. You should be on your knees sucking off half of London.”
He doesn’t know if he can come again so soon, if he even wants to, but it doesn’t matter what he wants. He doesn’t get to want anything, except what John wants. The thought of being John’s sexual plaything, his pet, his willing slave--his cock is stiffening nicely, now, at the thought of his submission to John’s will.
“What do you know about how their operation works?” John asks. “I’m assuming you did loads of research while I was drugged and unconscious last night.”
He wakes up enough for understanding to break through fully at the exact same moment as the bathroom door opens and Sherlock comes back into the bedroom, a towel wrapped low around his hips and his hair wet. He is wiping a last trace of shaving cream off his chin.
“We’re not waiting,” Sherlock says, exhaling a twin plume of smoke from his nostrils that puts John in mind of a dragon in repose. “We’re watching.”
Sherlock can’t see John’s face, so he doesn’t try to hide his fond grin. “You’re such a pushover for the creepy-crawlies. Sorry love, this may burn a bit.” He carefully scrapes the edge of the card across the center of the sting, making Sherlock exhale sharply, but he doesn’t move.  It takes a few tries, but John finally succeeds in removing the stinger. “Got it.”
Sherlock gently puts his hands on John’s shoulders and presses downward, and John sits on the edge of the bed, collapsing like a marionette with cut strings. Sherlock gets him arranged in bed, but he can’t bend down to untie his shoes, too much pressure on his lungs. So he kneels, instead, by the edge of the bed, untying John’s shoes and slipping them off with the utmost care.
He wakes with a blinding headache several hours later on the floor of a damp, moldy-smelling stone room. He’s missing everything but his trousers. He’s briefly glad it’s late summer and he wasn’t wearing his coat; he’s been burning through them at an alarming rate in the past couple of years.
Waiting for the water to boil, he notices Sherlock’s slim black leather wallet, sitting on the cluttered kitchen/lab table.
“Looks like,” John affirms, rising from the edge of the sofa to retrieve his wallet. “So not a wasp then. Wasps have smooth stingers.”
He switches the comm to standby and closes his eyes with a sigh. Last night’s events unspool behind his lids as he remembers scenes of carnage lit by strobing blue lights, coloured with splashes of crimson gore.
Sherlock busies himself with stowing the items he’s carried, and John takes the opportunity to survey his new surroundings.
He’d had no idea, going into this parenting thing, that he would find himself so much more aware of his own parents as actual human beings, empathizing with them more, understanding them more, wanting to bring happiness into their lives even as they prattle and burble and make him want to crawl out of his skin with howling annoyance
kisser, all sloppy wet lips and cavernous gaping mouth attacking his face with frankly alarming intensity.
“Only a scratch, no need for medical attention,” Sherlock replies, moving close to John’s side, placing a hand lightly against his elbow, cupping but not quite exactly pressing. “You heard the DI, John. Time for us to go home.”
A puzzled look crosses Sherlock’s features for a brief moment, then clears as understanding dawns and he nods.
As afternoon wears on, he invents and then completes small tasks to occupy himself as he grows even more restless and anxious for Sherlock’s return. He picks up his phone, intending to check the local news on his phone, but decides he’s not ready to read about their bitter travails in a remote third person just quite yet.
John is sheathed in Sherlock completely, his body hot and snug and unbelievably good around his cock. John looks down at where their bodies are joined, pulls out partway so he can watch himself sliding back in, watch how Sherlock’s body takes him so gorgeously, John’s thick length stretching his hole obscenely wide. It’s breathtakingly lewd and gorgeous.
“I can’t leave,” John says. “I shouldn’t have said those things. I want to. God, Sherlock I want to. But it’s too late. He won’t stop, this Jim Moriarty. He won’t stop killing, not until he gets whatever it is he wants. I’ve seen it. One replicant is more than a match for ten humans, and when they decide to start killing they don’t stop. If I leave now, the path of destruction he carves is on me. I can’t let that happen.” He pulls Sherlock close, kisses his sweat-damp neck in apology. “I’m sorry, Sherlock. I’m so sorry.”
Hanging on to the grab bars, it takes John upwards of half a minute to carefully enter the shower stall. There’s a shower chair. John eyes it with derision.
Sherlock slips his hand out from between their bodies, surreptitiously wiping it across the the leg of his pajama bottoms before wrapping both of his long arms around John, pulling him close as his breathing calms, his galloping heart rate slowing gradually to a canter.
“Bit of a domestic, then,” Wiggins observes. “I’ll be waiting for you downstairs, Mr. Holmes.” He disappears, but after a moment his ratty dishwater head reappears in the doorway. “Begging your pardons, but I deduce congratulations are in order.”
“Oh, my filthy man,” he breathes into his shoulder, shaking his head in mock disapproval as his strong hands pull his hips down hard against his cock. “Such a dirty mouth on you. I love it.”
Molly brings him a single can of Mountain Dew for Halloween. He doesn’t even remember telling her about Florida, but he must have.
All told, he’s certain that it is far better at this juncture to allow a paid professional to help him navigate this particular task.
John doesn’t think he could possibly sleep, but he does, falling into a thin, restless dream-plagued slumber for a few hours sometime after dawn.
Not that this monster deserves any less. But in this moment John is a doctor, not a judge, and the man in front of him is a patient, not a killer.
“All right,” he says presently, “after the EMT’s look you over, I’ll get a panda to take you home. You both look like shit.” He narrows his eyes at Sherlock. “And where are your clothes? Nevermind, forget I asked.” A constable comes up to Lestrade, silently requesting his attention. “And I need you two down at the Yard tomorrow for full statements,” he adds over his shoulder as he turns away. “No skiving off, please and thank you.”
He dips his head and exhales, back thrumming with tension, untamed curls spilling over the collar of his shirt. John longs to touch him, to stroke his soft, dark hair and rub his tense shoulders and murmur soft words of comfort. But he knows enough to know that’s what
Both men are silent for a time. John can tell Sherlock is giving him space, letting him form his thoughts out loud.
“Here,” John says, “Keep her upright, and take the blanket for your shoulder. That was a big breakfast and we may see it again.”
John shrugs, palms out. “That's what I asked,” he says, but even as he says it the gears are turning -- rusty and sluggish, oh yes, but turning -- in his mind.
His defense mechanisms have failed, just collapsed utterly, and the overwhelming avalanche of emotions, the fear and guilt and worry and grief--they’ve just stampeded over him, flattened him, left him without any semblance of human form or shape.
But Sherlock in any form is nothing if not persistent. “Just tell me why,” he asks, his voice inquisitive but softer, more compassionate. “Why are you doing this to yourself? Instead of having pretend conversations with a pretend me, why don’t you just come to Baker Street so we can talk for real?”
John takes off his jacket and drapes it over Sherlock’s bare, sharp shoulders, and the pair of them carefully pick their way across the litter-strewn floor
“We don’t intend to harass you,” Sherlock states. “We’re merely here to inquire about the whereabouts of the woman you picked up at 30th Street Station three days ago. Maria Zimya.”
And with every cup of tea and shared toothbrush, with every moment of unspoken communication over the corpse of some poor murdered sod, every evening spent together absentmindedly watching crap telly -- hell, even with every shouting match that ended not with someone walking out the door but instead sheepishly coming back to bed, murmuring apologies in the dark with cool lips pressed against warm skin -- the truth of them had grown stronger, inch by inch, moment by moment, into something abiding and strong and unbreakable.
“Sherlock, darling,” she calls out. “I didn’t think you’d be back for dinner, but I’ve got a lovely--” she steps into the hallway, drying her hands on her apron; her eyes widen in pleased surprise when she sees John standing there instead.
Tamara shook her head. "We’d already made the drop into the time lock safe, so she couldn't have gotten it, but she didn't even ask. She wanted the drugs and some supplies. She had me go into the store with her, took a few items from the shelves.”
Molly stirs, yawns. “Whatcha doin’ in here?” she murmurs, voice rough from sleep. She sounds merely curious, not angry. Seb looks up, catches her eyes gazing sleepily at him in the mirror. He drops his eyes to the floor, then smiles bashfully, totally non-threatening.
“Eat me out,” Sherlock moaned, pushed beyond any semblance of shame or pride. “Eat my arse, fuck me with your tongue, just, Jesus, please,
He gives Seb a gentle, reassuring smile, a smile no one else in the universe has ever seen, affection transforming his cold, murderous features into something tender and kind. “Soon, baby. I’ve got a plan, and I’ll have the information we need in a little while. It’s going to be all right. I promise.”
To John’s surprise, once the initial shock of the thought passes he finds he’s not even really angry; in fact, the more he thinks about it the more laughably, almost nihilistically ridiculous it seems. He begins to chuckle in spite of himself, making Sherlock glance sideways at him in confused annoyance.
“We fought like cats and dogs,” she says as if Sherlock hadn’t rudely interrupted her. “He was immature, you see, and I was insecure, and all I ever wanted was to be sure of him.” She looks at Sherlock, her eyes motherly and kind but also no-nonsense in her own voluble fashion. “Maybe John needs to be sure of you.”
, tells me you aren’t a serious man, and let me explain something to you: when it comes to arseholes who point a gun at my boyfriend’s head, I am a
John guides Sherlock onto the bed, laying him face down on the towels, his head turned to his left side. He gives him a nudge to raise his hips so he can slide a pillow under them, buckles the padded cuffs around his wrists, a bit tighter than usual to reduce friction against his still-healing abrasions. “Up over your head,” he murmurs, clipping the cuffs together, sliding rope through the D-rings and tying them to the center post of the headboard, leaving just enough give to keep his arms from aching.
Sherlock stares at him wordlessly, silver-green eyes huge. His carotid artery jumps visibly under the pale, fragile skin of his throat.
“Good afternoon, Ms. Hallman,” Sherlock begins. I’m William Scott, with the International Criminal Police Organization.” He flashes an identification card that John has never seen before. “And this is Inspector Greg Lestrade with the Metropolitan Police of London.”
thing,” Sherlock replies, earnestly. He tilts his head up, seeking, and John obliges, eagerly, meeting his swollen, chapped, tired lips with his own. It’s not even really kissing, precisely, but rather a lazy sort of nipping and nibbling at each others mouths, comforting and reconnecting with each other, an instinctive expression of closeness and bonding that John can’t ever recall indulging in before this very moment.
“No,” Sherlock mutters around the filter of an unlit cigarette, and doesn’t elaborate further as he starts the engine and pulls away from the kerb.
“Have some more wine, then,” John says, refilling Sherlock’s glass and then his own. “The more you drink, the better my lines sound. I promise.”
Out of the blue, Sherlock suddenly feels an urgent need he can't quite parse. He needs to tell John, somehow, tell him how much he --
the ridiculous one,” John says as he rises.  “Okay. Says the naked man with calamine lotion on his arse.”
“I just had to look up the definition of an Alford plea,” he says, glaring down at John like this is somehow his fault.
Sherlock feels exhausted, heavy, as if all his bones have been filled with lead. He slumps onto the sofa and shuts his eyes. They are dry but itchy and hot behind closed lids.
John feels a knot of anxiety tightening in his chest. He takes a deep breath, pulls in oxygen, forces his diaphragm to expand. “What’s the plan here, Sherlock?”
“Okay,” John murmurs, then leans forward and takes hold of Sherlock’s softened cock and guides it into his mouth, bobbing up and down in long pulls, curving the fingers buried in his arse, pressing upward, seeking that tender bump of tissue. He locates the edge of Sherlock’s prostate and strokes across it with just the barest hint of pressure.
“Shift up a bit,” John murmurs, sliding the pillow under his hips as Sherlock lifts his arse a few inches up off the bed. John moves up to kiss Sherlock briefly on the lips, caressing his cheek in reassurance.
“No,” Sherlock says, curtly, and lifts his hand off the wheel to takes another drag off his cigarette. His movements are quick and precise; his fingers do not tremble.
“Cuddle?” Sherlock asks, and there’s a hint of a smile in his voice, yes, but no derision or mockery in it. “Yes. I like...yes. And also,” he clarifies, “the kissing. The kissing is...good.”
Looking at John’s open, laughing face, Sherlock realises for the thousandth time how desperately in love he is with this man, so devoted to him it sometimes seems like merely getting married is not nearly enough. He’s almost overcome by the sudden, fierce desire to give himself over to John entirely, to kneel in front of him in desperate supplication, to spend long hours in worshipful adoration at his feet.
“Yes. No.” Sherlock turns his head away from John, buries his face back into the pillow. “I don’t know!” he shouts, his voice muffled by cotton and feathers. “I’m upset and I shouldn’t be and
John nods, takes hold of Sherlock’s offered arm. Sherlock guides him to sit on the toilet, then turns on the sink tap and stoppers the sink. The basin fills with warm water.
“Let me hear you, love,” John pleads softly. “Turn your head for me. I want to hear how good you feel.”
“Lie down with me,” John asks, half on impulse, unwilling to give up this brief oasis of physical closeness.
“Just breathe out slowly,” John says, and pushes the slicked rubber plug slowly but insistently into his body. It’s not as large as John’s cock but it’s harder, more unyielding, and he cries out softly as John guides the widest part of the toy into his body.
glad,” she asserts. “I couldn’t have taken it much longer, I don’t think. I’ve heard people talk about guilt eating them alive, but I never knew what it really meant until all of this. Alexander brought her to us, in the middle of the night. He had us sign that form that said she was born at home, and Adam gave him a bag of cash, like in a bad movie.” She shakes her head again. “I should have been thrilled, right? I finally had a baby of my own.” Another tear spills over, travels down her cheek. “A perfect, beautiful baby girl. I should have been happy. But I wasn’t. I felt ashamed and terrible, wondering who gave her up and why, wondering what happened to them. How they ended up selling their baby for an old gym bag full of money.”
“Nope,” Sherlock informs him loftily. “Some of it, I learned through my informal but very high-placed sources. The rest I saw in your manicure, the tattoo on your left wrist, the expensive veneers on your teeth, and the scar over your right eye.” He grins at Martinez, breaking his indifferent demeanor just for a moment, and John knows that grin like he knows the back of his own hand. It’s Sherlock’s grin of pure pleasure at doing what he does best, of being clever, of
“Well,” John begins after a moment of thought, “I know enough people are like this that there are a whole lot of websites dedicated to it, not to mention a whole subcategory of porn flicks and at least one truly terrible mainstream movie. Also, you can buy just about any toy or accessories you could possibly imagine, so -- I mean, we’re not fashioning restraints out of bread ties and twine. Which is good, because that sounds pretty uncomfortable, and not in the fun way. So, to sum up, we may be weird, but a lot of other folks are just as strange as us behind closed doors.” He tilts his head, looks quizzically at Sherlock. “Do you
“It should be fine,” the young woman -- identified by the lanyard around her neck as Tymika -- replies. “I’ll go check. Mister Holmes, come with me please? I’ll show you where you can wait.”
Sherlock knows John quite likes this kind of work as well. Cracking codes doesn’t involve fire or bullets or foul-smelling homebrew experiments in the kitchen or any of the multitudinous bad ideas that will cause Mrs Hudson to either shout at them, or cry, if not both. Sherlock knows that as far as John is concerned, cryptography is the ideal sort of case for everyone staying in and keeping out of trouble and having a nice, low-stress couple of days.
“No, it’s not.” Sherlock looks away, closes the dishwasher carefully, presses the button to start the wash cycle before he speaks again, not quite making eye contact. “For the record, John, I am actually capable of not being a dick on occasion.”
The ensuite is huge; clearly, in this small house, a guest bedroom was sacrificed to the gods of bathing luxury. It’s as modern and stylish as the rest of the house, with slate flooring, a marble double-sink vanity, and both a glass-enclosed multi-head shower stall and a huge whirlpool tub.
“I’m all about the brain work. Basic biological maintenance, that’s your purview,” Sherlock says, and if he can’t keep his face from betraying him with a foolish, besotted grin as he glances at John out of the corner of his eye, well. It’s not as if he gives a single damn what anyone in Tesco thinks, anyway.
a terribly commonplace name. But it’s certainly possible.” He hums for a moment under his breath in contemplation, then rises, crosses the room for his laptop. His fingers click at light speed across the keys.
Sherlock twiddles the flimsy plastic phone in his fingers as he regards Louellen with a skeptical eye. “And this James will simply, what, hand Maria over on a silver platter if I say please?”
Old men aren’t supposed to be thinking about that all the time. It’s not natural.” John fights to keep a straight face as he nods his agreement, thoughtfully spearing a slice of cucumber.)
The cab ride home is silent, save for the soft murmur of voices from the talk radio station the cabbie is listening to.
Sherlock bends to kiss him on the mouth, and John faintly tastes himself on his lips, dark and musky and earthy. His smouldering desire flares back to life, bright and hot, low in his belly, and he sighs a little into Sherlock’s mouth.
John doesn’t even register the insulting portion of the sentence. “To distraction?” he says, feeling a kind of undeniable pride that he, short unremarkable John Watson, had inspired the kinds of urges that could derail a man like Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock tenuous control breaks; he grabs John by the hips, hard enough to bruise as he thrusts, fucking hard up into him, burying his prick deep into that gorgeous pulsing heat. “God,
“Yeah. So.” John takes a deep breath, squares his shoulders. “I’m all in. If you want me, I’m all in.”
Mycroft looks pinched and tense, clearly dying to say something, to pass judgment. For some unknown reason, though, he only peers closely at Sherlock, takes a deep breath, and speaks not one word about John Watson.
Sherlock nods once, turns, and vanishes with astonishing speed into the shadows as the howling spinners descend again into John’s hellish, endless night.
“And once again, you think you know what’s best for me.” John rises from the chair, the anger and frustration and hurt overwhelming him, bursting out of every pore, and he doesn’t even know for sure that it’s Sherlock he’s angry at, really, but the only reason he tied himself to Mary in the first place is because the person he really loved
He finally stops pissing blood, and the hospital grudgingly releases him with numerous admonitions about strenuous activity while John repeatedly reminds the attending that he is in fact a real live doctor and can take perfectly good care of Sherlock at home.
...and finally, miraculously, this 5,000-word story that blossomed into over 44,000 words thankfully comes to a (happy) close.
There is a swelling wave of tumult and noise behind the two of them, and John senses rather than sees two equipment-laden men come up and kneel down next to his supine form.
John doesn't miss the flash of warmth in the detective's eyes at the words of praise. Then the moment passes and Sherlock exhales softly, almost a sigh. “Besides, you’ve always come through when I needed you. Always. I’ve never doubted it, and you’ve never let me down. I only--” he turns his face away from John, looks out the car window. His face is pensive, almost sad. “I only wish you could say the same of me.”
John nods, once, understanding the emotion underneath the uncertain words. “When this is done,” he murmurs. “Yes. All right.” He reluctantly releases Sherlock’s hand, stands, gathers discarded wrappings and gloves from the bedspread and drops them in his bag. Sherlock is still, unmoving, his dark curls a halo in the dim light.
Sherlock sighs in grumpy resignation. He’s already sliding towards unconsciousness when John speaks again, softer this time.
So many thanks are due to (of course) allonsys_girl for always having great feedback, and also the marvelous thigmotaxis, who was intrepid enough to climb Porn Mountain and make it back down the other side with fantastic spelling, grammar, and phrasing critiques. Both of them made this chapter much better than it would have been otherwise.
John nods. “The muscle contractions can make dead bodies have odd expressions. It doesn’t mean he was frightened or in pain. It doesn’t necessarily mean anything. Alright?”
Rather than answering in words, he slides his hand into the space between their legs, interlaces his fingers with Sherlock’s long thinner ones, made cool by the sand. His expression doesn’t change, but he doesn’t pull away. After a moment he squeezes John’s hand once, a brief, fleeting pressure.
There’s a vestibule, with a coat rack and an umbrella holder. The inner door is made of antique leaded glass panes, but there’s a buzzer and an electronic lock of more recent vintage above the doorknob.
“No offense, Sherlock, but the man’s a New Jersey politician. Maybe it’s too many gangster movies, but I think maybe ‘vain’ and ‘cheap’ are printed right there on the tin.”
“-- Bob’s your uncle. So, what do we have here?” Sherlock picks up a thick manila envelope. “Money. Money’s boring.” He tosses it on Johnson’s desk. “Counterfeit passport.” He opens it up. “Terrible picture,” he remarks before it lands next to the manila envelope.
“Well, we’re deranged together. That’s the important thing, I guess,” John says as he sits up and holds a hand out to Sherlock. “Come on. We need to get cleaned up, and get that mess properly bandaged. And these sheets binned. No one would believe we didn’t dismember a body in here.”
In other words, he knows he’s absolutely in for it, and that knowledge itself is a delightful sort of anxiety, bubbling just under his skin.
Ten more and Sherlock’s floating, completely outside of himself, lost to the burning heat and the pain and the shameful pleasure of it. He’s whimpering and keening, heedless of the high desperate cries he’s making, and when John stops again every nerve in his entire body is on fire.
“Isn’t that curious,” Sherlock murmurs, gazing at the floor to ceiling bookshelves lining the left hand wall of the room
“I love when you hurt me.” The words are tumbling out now, unbidden almost unaware. “Mark me, hurt me, use me, own me. Please. John. Please.”
Tiny shivering aftershocks are still rippling through Sherlock’s body as he wraps a long arm around John’s waist, curling himself tightly into his side.
He’s sticky from the adventures of last night, and distinctly gamy in scent as well. He very much wishes he has time to shower, but he has to make do with a quick swipe of his more offensive bits with a soapy flannel, a brush of damp fingers through his overlong hair, and a woefully brief encounter with his toothbrush. He moves as quickly as he can while ignoring his various physical discomforts, which have fortunately subsided to not much more than a low-key generalized grumbling this morning.
After a moment of surprise John chuckles, and despite the mildness of his demeanour this morning, there’s an undeniable undercurrent of something delicious in the sound.
“Oh God,” sighs John. “You’ve gone from monk to sex maniac in eighteen months. I’ve created a monster.”
It’s too much, it’s too good, and within moments Sherlock feels his orgasm building huge and hot low in his belly, electricity sparking at the base of his spine. John is relentless in his attention, laving him with his tongue and giving just the slightest scrape of teeth, and when he slips a hand behind his balls and presses two fingers into his wet and tender hole Sherlock tips over the edge and comes with a pained animal cry, blinding pleasure burning him to ash as he spurts over and over into John’s eager mouth, his arsehole spasming and contracting around John’s insistent fingers as John moans and swallows him down eagerly.
Between his legs his cock is jutting forth, a deep dusky red. A thin leather ring encircles his penis, bisects his scrotum, separates his balls, keeping him hard and and aching yet unable to come.
it, through blood and sweat and yes, tears that neither you nor anyone one else will ever, ever see. I’ve paid a terrible price for something I never wanted, but it’s mine now, fair and square, and don’t you dare say or even think otherwise, Sherlock. Not
“I want to touch you,” Sherlock says. “I want to touch you, and I want you to... I used to think about…” his cheeks colour adorably. "When I, um, used to do that. I used to think about you on top of me, straddling me with your knees as you--” he takes a deep breath, summoning his courage. “I want to touch you, and I want you to come on me, and I want to watch,” he finishes, his voice remarkably steady despite the furious crimson blush of his face.
“Oh, I didn’t. It took only a few minutes in the hallway to swipe a respiratory therapist’s ID and find he’d written his password on a bit of medical tape stuck to the back. Terrible security lapse.” Sherlock’s brow knits as he drums his fingers on the tabletop, shakes his head. “No luck. Honestly, I wasn’t expecting it to be that easy. So what does it mean? Is it a code, perhaps, or…”
“Goodnight, boys,” she says, really not sounding very cross at all any more. Her door clicks shut, the deadbolt sliding home.
Sherlock sighs. “I suspect it’s more complicated than that. Murder for hire tends to alienate a lot of former friends. She may have some allies, but also some very dangerous enemies. But I do think they have information on her whereabouts. We get a solid toehold with them, our chances of finding Mary and your daughter increase exponentially.” He turns to look at John. “I have no doubt she’s on CIA radar as well. If they get to her before we do, I’m certain she’ll be disposed of with brutal efficiency.”
“No wiggling,” John murmurs, amused. “I told you to keep still.” He takes another sip of wine, gestures with his glass. “Do you want some?”
“You’re being so good,” John murmured, “So good for me, so lovely--” and added a second finger, stretching him, readying him. Sherlock moved against his fingers, making desperate, needy noises. John stilled his fingers pressed his hand down hard on the back of his neck.
John nods, scanning the coroner’s report before setting it aside. Sherlock is already examining the toes, visibly crusted with dark soil.
John is a good man, and a good partner, and he understands Sherlock. He sees the reasons for the rule, he does, and he acquiesces graciously.
ago, before three more people had to die because of his thick-headed stupidity. “What’s the point of leaving notes if they don’t mean anything? Even if the words themselves are meaningless, the very act of leaving notes means the killer is communicating --”
“But after all that, saying she’s like a daughter to you, and you’re giving her up to us without a second thought,” John says. “I don’t understand.”
“A devastatingly attractive sort of middle-aged,” Sherlock adds. “Really, just exceptionally fit for your demographic cohort.”
, brought him willingly to this vulnerable and human state, and somehow that awareness is stunningly, viscerally erotic.
Home. Home with Sherlock. Now that the case is over, the enormity of the past two days begins to sink in; his right arm throbs and itches with healing flesh.
She gives him a sunny, flirtatious smile, tucking a strand of long hair behind her ear. “Of course, Doctor Watson.” She straightens her spine, and for a brief horrifying second John fears she is actually going to salute, or something.
John exhales through his nose, gathers himself, is able to recognise how badly he’s overreacting. “All right,” John replies. “Of course. I just…”
They wait in silence, the air suffused with that slightly awkward in-between feeling when one is waiting for something to happen but unsure of the timetable.
After a long bath and a shave, a clean and damp Sherlock changes into his favourite set of night wear, an ancient shapeless gray tee and threadbare plaid flannel pyjama bottoms, the hems unraveled and fraying at the heels.
Sherlock’s breathing is already deep and even, with his unmistakable sonorous edge that means he’s truly deeply asleep. Within moments John’s own eyes are drifting shut, and he soon follows Sherlock down into the land of deep, dreamless slumber.
The first shot hits her at the base of her throat, a crimson rose of blood flowering and spreading across the gray and black swirls of her scarf.
“Lucky for you, we can only evade the surveillance algorithms for so long,” Sherlock murmurs, not looking up as he fiddles with his phone. “We’ve only got five more minutes, maybe seven if --”
“She’s as much mine as yours,” John continues. “She was our child, and you just tossed her aside like a sack of rubbish. Did you kill her? Or did you sell her for cash as well? To some kind of -- ” his voice breaks, his eyes prickling with genuine tears. “Jesus Christ, some kind of trafficking ring, some kind of horrible -- ”
John wakes suddenly, disoriented, fuzzy-edged and dry-mouthed. He fell asleep sitting at the piano; his head rests on his folded arms, and his neck aches from the odd angle.
,” he exclaims, before turning on his heel and advancing upon Johnson, whose ruddy visage has gone decidedly paler.
“Can’t have that,” he murmurs, amused, and begins to kiss his way down Sherlock’s belly, tracing the vertical dip of the linea alba bisecting his abdominals with his tongue, licking a circle around the tight involuted knot of his navel, gently worrying on the tiny bit of flesh right below with his teeth.
John breathes, stretches, and finds he feels really quite good, the best he has since he was shot; thirteen hours of sleep in a miraculously comfortable bed with Sherlock by his side is apparently as valuable a restorative as (almost) anything modern medicine has on offer.
“It’s certainly going to remain fresh in my memory for a day or two,” Sherlock replies dryly. He takes a drag of his Silk Cut, blows a stream of smoke into the cool night air.
Sherlock gives a tiny, almost inaudible sigh. “John,” he murmurs. He is different, somehow, in the dark, quieter and softer, more vulnerable than John has ever heard him.
Sherlock doesn’t black out, exactly; it's more like a greying out of several blurry, indistinct minutes, and when he finally reacquaints with reality he’s sitting in his chair, holding a cooling mug of tea John pressed into his hands moments earlier.
John inhales through his nose and does what Sherlock asks of him, as he always does, gathers his scattered focus, teases a knot loose from the tangled skein of his thoughts.
And yet Sherlock still wants more. He wants to be taken apart, consumed piece by piece until there’s nothing left of him that’s human, nothing left but a base creature of flesh and pain and need. He squirms against the pressure of the crop, whining low and needy in his throat like a trapped animal.
“Sleep for a few hours,” he murmurs into Sherlock’s damp hair, smelling strongly now of John’s cheap shampoo. “Then we’ll figure out what to do.”
John ends the call and tries Sherlock’s phone again, hoping against all probability that he will pick up and proclaim John prone to hilarious overreaction.
As he looks up at into his eyes, John can’t help but adore the way Sherlock looks right now: naked and sweaty, wild-haired and double-chinned, completely vulnerable, all self-awareness and reflexive defense mechanisms completely fallen to the wayside.
“I think,” Sherlock says, and his pale eyes are suspiciously shiny. “I think not being your first isn’t so important, if I get to be your last.”
“You should be civil to Mycroft, John,” Sherlock tells him, a note of teasing in his raspy voice. He turns his head to hide his grin. “After all, he’ll be your brother-in-law soon.”
“It is, though.” Sherlock said. “It really, really is. Look.” Sherlock digs in his trouser pocket, places the silver key in John’s hand, closes his fingers over it.
So listen. I am not a doctor, and I do not play one on TV, and I did not sleep at a Holiday Inn last night.
“My judgment is my own,” he informs Doctor Sheldon. “And I assure you I wouldn’t be doing this for anything other than a life or death situation.”
Sherlock nods and obeys, using his thigh muscles to move, writhing shamelessly as fucks himself on John’s fingers, the stretch and fullness still tinged with pain but rapidly melting into hot, aching pleasure.
“Saw through my game, I suppose,” said James Winters in his true, nasally grating accent, “and you played me for a sucker from the first. Well, gentlemen, I hand it to you; you have me beat and--”
“We’re taking huge logical leaps here,” John grumbles, pacing the length of the conference room like a caged animal, feeling like he’s letting Sherlock down by not being out there, right now, searching for him.
Some minutes later Sherlock gives a short, bitten off, panicked gasp, his thighs trembling, his hips stuttering out of their hard-won rhythm.
“What about--” he can’t bring himself to say the name, not when they’re like this. “Don’t you want to get to work? I understand, I don’t m--”
“I... ” John starts uncertainly, then stops. Takes another deep breath. “When you said you wouldn’t deduce me, before. What if... what if I wanted you to, because it’s easier that way. Would you do that for me?”
Sometime early the next morning, Sherlock’s voice, louder and knife-edged, pulls John out of his sleep.
And between them, just slightly to the right of his sternum, lies the neat, circular scar where a psychopath’s bullet had come within hairsbreadth of ending Sherlock’s life.
He knows he is bisexual. He knows he is attracted to both women and men. But now that he has faced that knowledge and survived, even thrived, he can finally admit to himself how much he enjoys this act, even craves it. He loves being on his knees, loves the submissiveness yet total control of it, the power that comes with overwhelming someone with pure spine-twisting pleasure. He loves being the instrument of someone else’s desperate need, he loves the shocking intimacy of staring into someones eyes as his lips are wrapped around their cock. He loves, absolutely loves the filthy thrill of having his hair pulled and his mouth roughly fucked as he gags and drools, the brutally arousing debasement of having his mouth filled with hot bitter come.
Sherlock obeys, allowing John to guide his cock between his lips, sucking him with eager enthusiasm as John pulls at his hair, setting the rhythm as he thrusts into his eager mouth. Sherlock wraps one of his hands around the base of John’s cock as the other slips around John’s hip, caresses the swell of his arse. John’s thrusts are insistent, just bordering on the edge of rough, glans nudging the back of his throat, causing his eyes to water and the drool to spill wetly from the edges of his mouth.
“And at any rate,” Sherlock continues, indifferent to her offense, “he was shot by someone much taller.”
“Up on your knees,” he said, and Sherlock complied, such a marked contrast to the howling dervish he had been before, docile and calm now but still half erect, and John gently moved back his foreskin to wash him, then his balls and perineum, then using a soapy hand to scrub at his cleft and a single finger to dip into his opening, and Sherlock gasped and rolled his hips, his cock becoming fully hard at the intimate touch.
Sherlock gallantly waves off the offer. “Go ahead. Whoever does the fingering gets the first wash. Marquess of Queensberry rules.”
Sherlock gives John an appraising look. “John, I acknowledge how impressive your recovery has been, but you're far from well and I don’t intend to be cavalier regarding your health.”
He picks up John’s hand, turns it palm up, and presses his lips to the sensitive skin there, sending hot, shivery sparks up his spine.
“You always bought it, though,” Sherlock points out. “Why would you buy something you don’t even like?”
Sherlock shakes his head. “I think--” his voice is thick, oddly hoarse. “I think I’ve got a thing. I mean, I’m coming down with a thing.”
“I’ll be back in a bit with that drink,” she says quietly. Her fingertips brush his shoulder, just briefly, before she turns away and leaving the room, closing the door carefully behind her.
He feels overfilled as John’s insistent cock shoves into him, too quickly and it hurts, it does, but the discomfort fades as pain and pleasure blur into one single overwhelming sensation. John fucks him relentlessly, low wordless groans pouring from his mouth as he takes his desperate pleasure in Sherlock’s body.
,” Sherlock protests, but unwinds the blue cashmere and hands it over. John wraps the fabric snugly around Mary’s arm, competently professional but not precisely gentle in his touch. He knots the makeshift bandage snugly and sits back on his heels, regards her evenly. Here, in the aftermath of confrontation and violence, adrenaline still singing in his veins, he feels perfectly calm and composed and at peace.
The smoothie shop is peak bourgeoisie hipster aesthetic, all sandblasted brick and exposed ductwork. The menu is written in coloured chalk on a huge board, hanging above the steel counter holding several industrial blenders and bins of various ingredients.
“You don’t have to hold your breath,” John tells him, unable to keep the small, fond smile off his face.“You can breathe through your nose, you just have to--” and he takes Sherlock’s head in his hands and shifts his approach, brings their mouths together at a new angle so their noses don’t mash into each other as they kiss. Sherlock reciprocates, tentatively at first, then with increasing enthusiasm as he realises with the new angle he can now breathe and kiss at the same time.
“I’m tired of the games and the bullshit posturing,” he says, meaning every word. “I’m tired of being a pawn and a bargaining chip and...and… Jesus, I’m so fucking sick of being kidnapped in broad daylight, and I’ve just, I’m done, alright? So, you.” He points at Louellen. “One question. Are you willing to help up find Maria?”
Sherlock cries out wordlessly at the indescribable sensation of the head of his cock breaching the tight ring of muscle, pushing into the lush velvet heat of John’s body.
The scent of curry and coconut pulls him out of his ruminations as John realises he's absolutely starving. He resolves to let the future take care of itself and decides to focus on dinner for the moment, padding barefooted into the kitchen.
Sherlock doesn’t answer right away, but John can almost hear him weighing his words carefully in his mind.
“Why indeed,” Sherlock murmurs, then takes a final drag of his smoke, flicks the glowing cherry out the half open window and field strips his cigarette, pocketing the filter. “Let’s go find out, shall we?”
John touches him, wrapping fingertips around his fabric-covered hard length and stroking, gently at first but then with increasing firmness as Sherlock gasps and pushes his hips into John’s hand. Just the sight of it, of Sherlock openly giving himself over to pleasure is enough to make John almost dizzy with lust, with the unquenchable desire to touch and feel and taste him all over.
“Moving on,” Mycroft states bloodlessly. “As far as the...exact nature of his experience, Sherlock was, unsurprisingly, less than completely forthcoming about the details of what occurred. Actual physical findings on his person were relatively minor. Moderate abrasions, bruising, swelling and the like. He was given prophylactic antibiotics and antiretrovirals. The STI panel was negative, and remained so at three and six months.” Mycroft closes the folder, puts it aside, steeples his fingers under his chin in a manner very reminiscent of his brother. “All this to say, what happened to Sherlock in Serbia has, thankfully, not caused him any permanent damage to his physical health.”
“Goodwill and Walmart,” Sherlock explains tersely, pouring himself a cup of the brackish brew, tipping it to his mouth and gulping it down without seeming to notice the dubious taste.
. What else do you think I’ve gotten just from standing here, observing your clientele, and looking at the paperwork behind the counter while we chat?”
John reaches out, brushes gentle fingers over damp locks. “Try to get some sleep,” he says, his voice rough with unspoken feeling.
. And right this moment --  ” John twists Frank’s arm up just a fraction of an inch higher against his back, making him emit a pained, high-pitched squeal --  “this very serious man is very seriously considering breaking your ulna in about seven places unless you apologise to Sherlock Holmes
Four hours later, assisted by Billy Wiggins’ not-inconsiderable deductive talents and a couple of clear snaps of the dented van on CCTV, they’ve managed to establish likely parameters and locations. Not retail, not a restaurant, considerable square footage, using vans for delivery or transport--as they narrow the scope they are able to winnow probable locations down to forty-five businesses.
“No,” Sherlock says, more seriously. “I thought there was a chance, but the truth is, you’re right. It was much more hope than certainty. But I’ve never been more glad to be correct, and that is saying something.”
God, how he hates motel rooms, hates the weird smell that seems to permeate them all, hates the thin stiff sheets and cheap pillows and unhygienic duvets. He can't sleep deeply, can't shut off the vigilance, his body and brain on alert, attention snagging on every unfamiliar light and shadow and rattling, thumping noise.
The clouds begin to break up as they make their way across eastern Pennsylvania. The moonlight is lovely, painting the wooded landscape in tones of silver and white.
“Oh, come off it, Watson,” Stewart sneers. “Everyone here knows that back in the day, you’d get on your knees in the supply room for any passing soldier who looked your way.” His eyes narrow to slits. “You disgusted me then and you disgust me now.”
Smoke, smog, radioactive dust. He feels like he hasn’t had a breath of clean, fresh air in years. Maybe ever.
“My sweet boy,” John sighs. ‘My pretty creature. I can’t resist you like this.” Sherlock feels John unbutton and unzip, then his bare cock is pushing hard against the cleft of his arse, the roughness of the denim like sandpaper against his abused skin. “Is this what you need?”
“Obviously,” Sherlock says with mock arrogance, which is so similar to his regular arrogance no one but John would be able to tell the difference. “Well, and also the sex,” he adds with a condescending tilt of his head.
Even now, though he’s aware of their level of notoriety (not 'fame', God how he hates that word, hates the very concept), he’d much rather choose to ignore the fact that there is a set of complete strangers out there who are far too excessively interested in his and Sherlock’s lives, and the key to keeping up that level of deliberate ignorance is avoiding social media like the plague it truly is.
He takes a breath, turns, and favours Patricia with his most charming smile. “Miss Hackforth! Fancy meeting you here. What are the chances?”
“It’s okay,” John murmurs against his skin. “I’ve got you, shhh, it’s okay,” gently stroking his cock as his finger slides in deeper, seeking, and the pleasure and discomfort war with each other for several moments until John presses in just a little more just so and--
“He gave a full confession before he lit himself up,” John adds. “Also, I dunno how many people Lee had working for him, but there’s a bloke in the walk in cooler who might know things.” He swallows. “Also, there’s bodies in there. Four. Wrapped in plastic.”
“Where are we going?” John asks when Sherlock’s breathing evens and his visage returns to something slightly less murderous.
”Honestly, you’re absolutely correct,” John observes, “and that was so very you, and in fact was the exact right thing to say. Thank you.”
“You are indeed,” murmurs Sherlock. “How lucky for you I find myself profoundly attracted  to chubby old men. Well, one in particular, really.” He picks up the pillow his head had been resting on previously and places it in front of John, gently moves his top leg forward to rest on it. “Is that comfortable?”
There may be (will be) problems down the road, but at this particular moment? The love of his life -- the man who is improbably, miraculously eager to marry him, despite, well,
“Make all the noise you want, but you will stay still for me,” he growls. “Or I’ll tie you up and fuck your mouth all night long and not touch you once. I’m fine with that.”
John looks up at Sherlock. His entire demeanour has changed completely, colour gone pale and eyes glittering hard and cold. John can feel the shift in him, almost a physical sensation, sentiment and emotion boxed up and put away in order to confront this unexpected change in their situation head-on, without distraction.
(An acquaintance who’d plowed him senseless behind a stack of pallets in a sandy Quonset hut one hot, restless afternoon. An acquaintance who’d wanted more, could have been more if John had let himself consider it for a moment instead of reflexively shutting him down, pushing him away.
“Fuck me,” Sherlock cries out, almost a howl, uncontrollable body shudders racking his body. “I need, please, John, oh my god please just
John doesn’t have a answer for that, so he sighs and closes his eyes. “Oh God," John groans. "I don’t know, okay? I don’t know, Sherlock, so just… shut up. Please. Shut up and let me drink in peace.”
Sherlock finds himself desperate to tell John the million things in his heart-- the way John is his light, his sun, the center of his universe, how afraid he is of mortality, of death, of loss, how he doesn’t know how he could ever bear to be parted from John again in this life--but he doesn’t know how to put this wave of emotion into words so he tries desperately to convey his love and need with his hands, his mouth, his body as he touches and holds and moves within his husband.
“You changed,” John says kindly. “Turned your life around. Found a good man, a steady job. You thought she just needed a little help to do the same.”
And oh, thank God for John, wonderful John, who notices right away that something is badly amiss. He props himself up on one arm and looks at Sherlock with tender concern. “Oh, baby,” he says gently.“You’re having a bad drop, I think. We’ve never gone this long before.” He sits up, arranges Sherlock so his curly head is resting on his naked thigh, and strokes his hair.
“It looks like you’re planning a long stay somewhere,” Sherlock observes, not willing to risk his hope--
Just one more piece of evidence that he is no longer fit for this occupation. John hates it. What’s more, he hates himself for being part of it. He’s more conflicted now than he’s ever been about the rightness of it all, about taking lives (and they are lives, they are sentient, emotionally aware lives, equal to any human--John knows that now, knows it viscerally) without compunction, without trial, without mercy.
John wiggles the pants and bottoms down and off Sherlock’s long slim legs, tossing them over the edge of the bed before carefully settling himself back in between his pale, wide spread thighs. He runs his hands lightly up down the lean, muscled length of his legs, from hips to knees, gazing with reverence at the lovely body beneath his fingertips.
“It’s a side business,” Sherlock tells him. “The main action is procuring shady work visas for Ukrainian seasonal laborers. The black market babies are merely an occasional windfall.”
John’s hand is pressed against Sherlock’s sweat-soaked back; he can feel the galloping beat of his heart, hammering against the far-too-prominent bones of his slender ribcage as he recovers his breath, comes back to his senses. He shifts just slightly, pulling out of Sherlock in one quick, wet, slightly awkward moment.
“You taste amazing,” John breathes, before resuming his ministrations on the other nipple, light teasing strokes of his tongue alternating with rough sucks, closing his teeth and pulling gently as Sherlock arches and gasps underneath him. “I could do this for days. Just licking and tasting and teasing you.”
It takes another several minutes, but when the door finally opens again John is surprised to see Sophie pushing the wheelchair herself.
John makes a tiny sound in his throat at Sherlock’s filthy words as he obeys, reaching his hands behind Sherlock’s waist, expertly flicking the cap open one-handed and squirting the lube onto his fingers.
"Little information came to me through official channels. But I had many eyes and ears on the ground, of course, paid informants scattered throughout the Serbian criminal underground. Soon enough, word began to get back to me about the nature of Sherlock’s situation. About the...
“James?” Maria calls out, with a tight false cheeriness, completely at odds with the desperate tension of the situation. “Shooting John kind of fucked my plans, and yes I am pissed, but you’re a distraction now and I really don’t give a shit about you either way. So here’s the deal: if you and your goons disappear, right now, I’ll probably let you live.”
John sighs and rolls his eyes, then pauses. He reconsiders, viewing Sherlock's request in light of all they’ve been through.
The body is grotesque, opened from clavicle to pubic bone, ribs cracked and spread. The heart, lungs and liver have all been neatly removed.
When John turns to answer Sherlock pushes him against the wall, cups large warm hands around his head and kisses him, greedy and desperate, mouth open, tongue wet and seeking.
Sherlock cries out as his hips and spine flex and push in ancient instinctive rhythm, meeting each one of John’s thrusts. He’s pinned helplessly in between the two axis points of their bodies as John pleasures him, his cock pistoning into him and the slick friction of his hand stroking his prick, each push and pull and thrust bringing him close,
Sherlock. What went on before, he bears most of the blame, but I…” she shakes her head, flaps a hand at him. “Never mind, love. I go on, sometimes.” She stands, straightens her skirt.
Sherlock looks at him incredulously. “You’re honestly suggesting that I hunt down my brother’s murderer, the kidnapper of your child, an internationally wanted assassin...from a
John lands the first blow of the hairbrush without warning or preamble. The solid smack of hard polished wood against giving flesh echoes loudly in the small room. Behind the gag, Sherlock howls, and the way his cries of pain are muffled and distorted by the rubber ball sends a hot black twist of lust through John’s belly.
There’s a loud cracking thud as the phone is dropped or thrown, then the unmistakable noise of a closed fist hitting flesh in a solid, vicious blow. The sound feels like physical pain in John’s heart.
Sherlock breaks the kiss, presses his lips to John’s newly-smooth jaw before sitting back on his heels and fixing John with his most serious gaze.
One huge hand grabs the back of John’s head as another wraps around his neck. For a split second, an oddly detached part of John’s brain wonders if the replicant will strangle him to death or simply smash his skull against the pavement.
“And you are the sole focus of my studies,” Sherlock murmurs, then mouths the crease of his elbow. “Aren't you the lucky man."
“We have a few hours before the arranged rendezvous. Atlantic City is a small town and we need to reduce even the unlikely possibility of Mary spotting us. Plus, I thought maybe you’d like to see the ocean.”
“That’s--that’s good,” Sherlock says “That’s to say--the feeling is--it’s mutual.” He exhales shakily. “I hope you know it’s very mutual.”
John feels himself blushing, which is ridiculous, considering what they’d been up to not ten minutes ago. “Yes, that.”
Even after he knew the truth, even after he had seen it with with his own two eyes, seen Sherlock disheveled and sweaty and high as hell in a filthy shooting den, John has never quite been able to get past that first response, never quite been able to reconcile the Sherlock Holmes he knows and loves with that other picture, of him as an emotionally volatile, struggling, always-one-step-from-relapse former IV drug addict.
Sherlock releases his wrists and gives his nipple one more catlike lick before sliding down, placing tender kisses into the soft flesh above the navel, tracing the curve of John’s hip with his tongue. John can’t help the whimper that escapes his lips, can’t help but spread his legs, pushing his hips forward in silent entreaty. His cock juts up obscenely, foreskin fully pulled back, the wide head deep red, shiny wet and leaking.
Sherlock’s entire arse is on fire by the tenth stroke when John pauses, rubs the burning flesh, making him gasp at the raw stinging pain.
“I was afraid, and I shouldn’t have been,” John breathes into his ear. ”If you trust me, I will trust you.” He kisses the juncture of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder, bites him there gently. “You were right. I was keeping myself from you, and I am sorry. I am so, so sorry. I owe you a thousand apologies for that. And I will offer every one of them to you, I will. Later. But for now…” he slides his hands around to Sherlock’s chest, sweeps thumbs briefly across his nipple before pinching both of them, hard, making Sherlock gasp and arch in pain. “You need something from me, don’t you?” he asks, low and rough.
John mentally admits the likely truth of those words, but outwardly he sets his mouth in a stubborn line.
Sherlock opens both eyes to glare at him properly, and Jesus Christ that was a mistake. He closes his eyes with a pained groan.
Their breathing is loud in the early morning stillness of the room as they cuddle and nuzzle at each other, come sticky and drying on hands and bellies and softening cocks.
“I love you all the time,” he whispers hoarsely, “But when you’re like this...it’s almost more than I can take, seeing you like this. You don’t know what you do to me.”
He wraps his legs around Sherlock’s longer limbs, grasping his round arse with both hands, pulling his sharp pelvis down hard against his own with what he hopes is unmistakable intent.
None of the three says a word as they make their way to the first floor; mercifully the elevator is empty and descends swiftly to the ground floor. Sophie’s nurse clogs (
John thinks about sitting in the car and not leaving until Sherlock deigns to speak to him, but even as he thinks it he realises how ridiculously juvenile that would be. He unbuckles his seat belt and gets out of the car. Sherlock silently hands him his bag and John slings it over his shoulder.
Sherlock pulls back slightly, gazing intently at John, his pale eyes focused and desperately serious.
“With sweet talk like this, who needs dinner?” John says, gesturing at the bare shelves. “Damn good thing, too, because I don’t know there’s any food left.”
For a moment both of them are still, then John cracks one eye open and he props himself up on his elbows to look down at Sherlock.
“Don’t tell him,” Mycroft says, and John knows despite the man’s callous words, he’s not imagining the thread of concern in his tone. “He’s not… I don’t…” Mycroft sighs. “Please.”
He usually feels good, after they finish. Sometimes he has a bit of a moment, a brief blue thing that comes and goes, but usually he feels relaxed and happy and open, laughing and cuddling and kissing John. But now… he doesn’t feel good right now. Not at all. He thinks about the past two days, about all the things he let John do to him, begged John to do to him, and he feels embarrassed and ashamed and terrible.
in 2012. He hasn’t set foot in his office in almost two years, and almost certainly never will again. Alexander Johnson just keeps his name on the shingle to look like a larger, more legitimate practice.”
Perhaps, John thinks, when he has a chance to rest and process it all he will feel better, unencumbered, relieved, eager to face his future. But right now, in this moment, he just feels overwhelmed and exhausted and he has no idea what is going to happen next.
Sherlock is right. John knows this. He has known ever since the night after Sherlock woke up from his second surgery, when Mycroft sat on the other side of Sherlock’s hospital bed and laid out the details of Mary’s past, her involvement with Moriarty, the way she deliberately placed herself in John’s path after Sherlock’s fall, took advantage of his grief to insinuate herself into his life, his heart.
Jim smiles at her, a terrifying rictus even colder than the air around them. “Now, where would we find this Molly Hooper?”
, he finally decides. It is not wrong. It is not selfish. They are stronger together, they always have been, and they need each other, on some visceral, cellular level. That’s always been the case, since the first day they laid eyes on each other, and it’s true now more than ever.
“Not too far. I set her up with some contract work a few miles down the road. A new street gang down in Atlantic City. The Boardwalk Angels.”
It’s a true shortcoming on John’s part, it isn’t fair to Sherlock, and John knows he absolutely needs to change, though he’s not yet quite as clear on the how.
“You’re so good,” John tells him, breathes the words into his salt-damp flesh as he brings his hands up to slide up the outside of his thighs, caressing his bare hips. “You’re so good, so safe. I won’t ever hurt you, I promise, not ever. Do you believe that?”
“Nonsense,” Lestrade informs him brusquely, voice pitched to carry to all the officers on scene, “I searched Dr Watson thoroughly. He has no weapon.” He looks pointedly up at Sherlock and John. “I’ll take your statements later. Get that cut looked at, and get yourselves home.”
John exhales hard and collapses on top of Sherlock. They lay tangled together for several minutes as their breathing slows and their skin cools, the air around them close and still, redolent with sex and pheromones.
John scans the menu one last time, looking for the most caffeine-and-sugar filled entry on the list.
“Gag him with his tie,” John growled in pain and irritation. Sherlock nodded in agreement,  pulling the knotted black tie from around Winters’ neck and affixing it over his mouth, effectively stopping the man’s annoying nasal whine while John texted Lestrade their location. Sherlock then dropped to his knees, taking off his scarf in one fluid motion. He pressed the blue fabric against John’s thigh, making him flinch and hiss through his teeth.
John is so expecting something terrible, something devastating, that he doesn’t quite hear what Sherlock actually says at first.
Something flickers in the man’s green eyes for an instant, there and gone so quickly that one not trained in observing reactions would miss it completely. John doesn’t.
“Really?” Sherlock asks, looking up, eyes suggesting surprise at John’s sanguine acceptance of his proposal
“You scared him,” Greg says. “You’re always scaring him, the way you just throw yourself into danger without even thinking. He’s lost so much, Sherlock. So goddamn much. He’s scared of losing you too. He shouldn’t act like such a tit about it, but he’s just scared.”
The two of them freeze; it’s as if, John thinks semi-hysterically, they think if they keep perfectly still somehow they’ll blend into the wallpaper and their landlady won’t see what they’re doing.
“That’s always great to hear!” Patricia exclaims, her enthusiasm for every word John says apparently inexhaustible. “I try not to be that person, but honestly, it’s such a better way to --”
“She’s clearly overworked,” Sherlock declares. “I can help you perfectly well without having to bother her again.”
Part of him -- most of him --  knows this is ridiculous, a comforting self-delusion based entirely in fantasy and wish fulfillment. He doesn’t believe in God, or heaven, or hell. He doesn’t believe in any kind of life after death, and he certainly doesn’t believe her brother is watching him from some celestial remove.
They don’t converse, they don’t touch, but John can somehow still feel the currents of something invisible, something powerful percolating between the two of them.
“John,” he says, softer, trying to calm himself, because he is upset and John is upset and they are both on the brink of saying things they will regret later.
He’d known Mycroft approved of him. He’d known Mycroft trusted him. What he hadn’t known, and now wishes he had, was that Mycroft Holmes held him in this kind of regard.
Sherlock’s heart beat is steady and strong under his ear, and John lets out a breath he hadn’t even known he was holding.
John clings to Sherlock’s voice, does as he is told. In through his nose, out through his mouth. The stench of decay is overpowering.
“Get dumplings,” John calls after him, before going into the bathroom and turning on the shower taps.
When he wakes again, it’s full dark outside, the room lit only by the glow of the wall-mounted television and the fluorescent hallway light creeping in under the door. John finds himself in that strange, post-injury zone where he is still weak, exhausted and slightly loopy on opiates, yet he’s wide awake now, having slept so much over the past few days he’s physically unable to sleep any longer.
Just thinking about it exhausts him to the bone, so he puts the question off to deal with another day.
As the sun drops below the horizon, Sherlock pulls the car into the gravel lot behind the squat, grey cement block building that houses D'Annibale Family Pharmacy on the north side of the city.
John goes quiet as well. For a moment the only sound in the room is their breathing, then John rolls away from Sherlock, onto his back. He makes an almost noiseless sigh as he presses his head back into the mattress.
,” John says warningly as he watches him pull the Glock from the inside pocket of his jacket, shove it into the gap at the back waistband of his jeans. “Do you really think that’s necessary?”
John turns onto his side, presses a kiss to Sherlock’s hot cheek, tastes the unexpected salt and wet there.
Sherlock reaches into his jacket pocket with his unoccupied left hand, pulls out a dark grey USB drive.
Patricia takes a breath, clearly gathering her courage. “I was going to ask, if you wanted to -- I mean, if you’re not otherwise obligated, I could show you a great vegan restaurant I know in Bethlehem?”
“You’re not,” Sherlock says, apologetic but firm. “I know these people. I know how to blend in. You don’t. You have many valuable skills, John, but undercover work is not one of them.”
“You’re just started on the road to recovery,” he reminds John for what feels like the hundredth time. “You’re risking a severe setback, or worse.”
Armed with new awareness, John shifts his attention back to his hostess. “I have to say,” he says, as evenly as his traitorous innards will allow, “this is a remarkably civilised kidnapping. The nicest I’ve had so far, and believe me, I’ve had a few.”
He hears John’s deliberate footfalls as he ascends the steps, the rustle of plastic as he sets bags on the counter, the opening and closing of the refrigerator door as he places milk and orange juice inside. He makes the conscious choice to stop observing, stop anticipating, to empty his mind and just exist, bowing his head and closing his eyes. Just wait, and enjoy knowing John is here, John is coming to him soon, so very soon--
John smiled, loosening his grip and stroking Sherlock’s hair. “That’s my good boy. Go into the bathroom, strip, and fold your clothes. Brush your teeth, too. I want you naked and kneeling by the bathtub in five minutes.”
“Do you want to come like this?” John asks him. Sherlock opens his eyes to look at him, shakes his head, an emphatic no.
“I love you,” Sherlock breathes into his mouth between gasps of pleasure. “God, John, yes. I love you I love you I love you. I’ve always loved you.”
For the most part, though, Sherlock stays home, keeps quiet, keeps to himself.  He doesn’t play the violin, or jump on the furniture, or microwave eyeballs, or insist on Nepalese takeaway from a Brixton hole-in-the-wall at 11 pm on a Tuesday night.
John strokes his arm, his lips pressed into a thin line. He waits a moment, letting the pain settle a bit before continuing.
John presses soft kisses to his trembling lower abdomen, then moves lower, nosing at the crease between his right leg and groin, pressing his face into the fabric of his pyjama bottoms, inhaling deeply, the scent of his clean musky maleness stronger here, mixing with the floral notes of detergent and soap, and the intimacy of it all, of smelling him like this, sends shivers of arousal down john’s spine, making his belly tense and tighten and and his cock spring back to full attention.
Something about this statement seems to upset imaginary Sherlock. He huffs and wraps his coat tighter around himself, trailing behind John as they traverse the rest of the frozen foods aisle in silence.
“You never said yes, you know,” Sherlock says into John’s sweat-damp skin as they both drift towards sleep, still spooned tight against each other.
(Years ago, in the early heady days when every moment behind closed doors was a festival of shagging on all horizontal (and most vertical) surfaces, they had preferred to sleep naked, curled up into one another, physically inseparable even in sleep. Soon enough, however, reality intruded in the form of urgent late-night visits from Lestrade and Mycroft showing up at the crack of dawn unimpeded by any number of locked doors and Mrs. Hudson thinking nothing of bringing clients up at all hours imaginable, and after a few awkward encounters--well, awkward for John, mostly; Sherlock had no compunctions about the comfort level of others if they showed up uninvited in his home--they compromised on sleeping in pyjama bottoms, no shirts, as a concession to modesty while still maintaining the skin contact they both so craved.)
“Try the door,” he says, handing the card to a dripping wet and drowned-looking Sherlock before turning back to Lee.
John absolutely does not want to go to A&E like this, with a serious self-inflicted knife wound, if it can be at all avoided. He’d be evaluated, possibly sectioned. His medical license could be jeopardised.
“Oh, look at you, such a greedy thing,” John sighed. “You need it so badly, don’t you? Tell me, pet.”
Sherlock slips quietly into the small bath, flicks on the light. John hears the cabinet over the sink open and close.
“No, they do not.” Mycroft sighs wearily. "Creating a scenario that gave me a plausible reason to go in and extract him took nine weeks. Sixty-two days of knowing, the entire time, that a vile, perverted Serbian thug was-- " he shakes his head, more visibly drained and exhausted than John has ever seen him. "If you ever again doubt my care or concern for my brother,” he continues, “remember this: I
Johns can’t help the tiny sigh that escapes him as Sherlock’s deep, rich voice pours into him, thick as honey, pooling warm and sweet in his belly. “You’re feeling adventurous this morning,” he says softly, voice gone a bit breathy as he savors the marvellous feel of Sherlock’s lips on his neck, his insistent exploring hands tracing patterns across the skin of his back.
What he wants, what he needs, is John. Not just a kiss or a touch; he needs John to surround him, hold him tight, pin him down; invade him and claim him and keep him safe.
He feels himself smile, something small and genuine and for John alone. “You are,” he murmurs. “You are indeed.”
, so very different, the air between them charged with arousal and erotic intent as Sherlock holds himself still, alert and watchful, silver-green eyes a bit uncertain but not fearful as he allows John to look at him for as long as he wants.
“Pint of Carling,” Sherlock murmurs. “Disappointing plate of undercooked chips and tinned gravy. Not your usual. Comfort food. Why did you need comforting?” His eyes scan across John’s shoulders, down his body. “Further away than walking distance. You came home in a cab, when generally you’d avoid the expense. Was it because you forgot your jacket? Where did you go, and how did you end up so far from…ohhhhhh.” He straightens, steps away, his eyes narrowing in tightly-reined anger.
“Even if I take it up the arse,” John supplies, voice low and rough with the frustration and hurt surging up in his chest.
The over-bed table is pushed out of the way, against the wall. A cafeteria tray rests upon it, with a dome-covered plate in the center and a tea mug alongside. So he missed dinner, then.
Sherlock sighs but drops into the kitchen chair, unscrewing the cap on the water bottle. John turns and ducks into the bathroom, using the toilet and washing his hands before swiping a toothbrush hurriedly around his mouth.
He rolls her onto her left side as she moans in pain. Her coat makes the injury difficult to find--the crimson wool makes blood almost impossible to see, especially in this low light-- but soon he finds the round holes in the sleeve, just below her elbow.
It’s a look John has seen before. It’s the look of a man who’s not overly fussed about pulling a trigger.
And with that he leaves, resisting the impulse to stomp angrily down the steps and thereby alerting the ever observant Mrs Hudson to their pathetic little domestic.
“Thank you,” is what he finally says, sincere, a little overly formal. It’s not what he wants to say, but it will have to do.
“Look at me, Sherlock,” John breathes, the tiny hitch in his voice the only indication of his own arousal. Sherlock raises his eyes, meets John’s stormy blue gaze.
“You’re welcome,” John replies, rubbing at his bleary eyes before reaching for the cup of coffee next to him. It’s a triple latte, no sweetener, just the way he likes it and still hot. “This is perfect,” he says with approval.
“I’m fine for now," John says, meaning it. “I want this to be about you,” he says, kissing him again. “Watching you like that was so gorgeous, I could live on that for the rest of my life, I think.”
Sherlock hesitates for a moment, the look of longing indecision on his face somehow reminding John a bit of a half-feral alley cat just before it decides to give in and allows itself the luxury of being petted.
“Why, indeed?” he answers rhetorically, a touch theatrical. “To deliver information. A message. The delivery is a message, and we just have to recontextualise to figure it out.”
“Sherlock.” John marshals his courage, weaves fingers into the tangled dark curls at the back of Sherlock’s neck. “I want you to do something for me. Just one thing.”
Not knowing what else to do, he gets up and pours himself another cup of coffee before tackling the growing pile of washing-up.
“He pushed us all around for years. There was no getting away from it. He was a mean, controlling man and I hated him. I hate him. And I’m like him in so many ways..my short temper. My violent streak. I got those from him. And when…” John stops, takes a deep breath, pushes ahead. “And when you’re on your knees, looking up at me and I could do anything to you? I feel powerful in a way I never have before in my whole life, when I’m controlling you. I like that feeling. I like it a lot. Maybe too much. I didn’t expect that, and it scares me.”
“All right,” John says, and he quickly toes off his shoes and strips off his clothing, wincing a bit as he peels the cold stickiness of his soiled pants away from his skin. He tosses them carelessly into the corner by the toilet and joins Sherlock in the shower.
This is why Sherlock kept him in the dark, lied to him, manipulated him, pushed him back to her against his will--to keep him safe from a woman who would kill him as easily as kiss him. Who would sell him to Jim Moriarty, to God knows what kind of fate, without a single blink of an eye.
Sherlock shivers with a frisson of deep pleasure as John wraps a possessive hand around his neck and presses their foreheads together.
“Never better,” Sherlock answers truthfully, though his arse is tender and sore and the cuts on his chest are starting to burn in earnest. He welcomes the sensation, though; the thought of John’s name carved on him is somehow both devastatingly erotic and profoundly comforting. He thinks of forever, of the fact that when he is sixty, seventy, eighty years old John’s name will still be etched permanently across his heart.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock breathes against his skin, his voice a ragged whisper. “I’m sorry, I never should have let you go out alone, God, I’m so sorry.”
“If you’re so damn brilliant, Holmes,” Martinez continues, “explain to me why I should let you walk out of here alive with with my secrets in your head.”
Sherlock looks up at him, eyes exhausted and rimmed with red. He is so completely vulnerable right now, defenses utterly demolished in this intimate moment, his singular features rendering him both exhaustedly ancient and impossibly young at the same time.
“You should be naked too,” Sherlock says, his lips twitching into just a hint of a cheeky grin. “Put me more at ease, remove any power differential. It’s only fair.”
“Tight,” John gasps. “It’s a bit--Just give me a--” Sherlock stills his movements, gives John a moment to adjust to the feeling of increased fullness. “Okay. Better. Keep going.”
“I’m not angry with you,” John murmurs, low and dangerous, “but you need to be disciplined. You need to be reminded who you belong to.” He pulls Sherlock’s head down, brings lips to his ear, makes him shiver with the ghost of hot breath. “Do you need reminding, Sherlock?”
John knows that the placid calm of Sherlock’s face is a ruse to buy them time; by allowing her to continue, he’s buying them time and using every moment to analyse every angle, trying to find a solution, a way out of this desperate puzzle.
. “I’m fumbling in the dark, John, and we both know it. This is primary school stuff, this should be
He wants this feeling to last forever, this slowly cresting wave of pleasure, but it doesn’t, it can’t, and the need is growing stronger, coiling tight and hot in his belly. “John,” Sherlock says and it’s too soon, he wants to stay here forever but he’s overwhelmed with feeling, the warmth and life of John surrounding him, pulling him in, he can’t stop it. He tries to push off his climax, tightens his grip around John’s fist. “Come for me,” he pleads, “please, love, let me feel you,” and perhaps the rare, unexpected endearment is what does it but John comes, suddenly and hard, spurting over their joined hands.
John lets out a slightly pained exhale, but he does as Sherlock requests and declines further comment.
“Well, in a sense.” the DI pulls a printed sheet of paper out of the folder and a pen out of his shirt pocket. “Here’s your statement,” he says. “Sign it. You can read it too, if you like. Won’t make a bit of difference, though.”
“You all right, love?” John murmurs solicitously. Sherlock nods, eyes closed. “Right back,” John whispers, kissing the damp hair behind his ear before climbing off the bed and going to the loo for a flannel. He turns on the warm water, wets the cloth, wrings it out before bringing it back to bed.
“But you put it together in the end, didn’t you?” Louellen asks. “That is, once the loss of your dear John finally prodded you to action.”
In one fluid motion, Sherlock pulls off his jacket and the unbuttoned chambray shirt he’s wearing over his grey tee, wadding up the rough blue cotton and pressing it hard into the side of John’s abdomen.. The pain roars up, phosphorescent and razor-sharp, making John arch and cry out sharply.
“We have so much to deal with, just between the two of us. So many broken pieces that need to be glued back together. But I think we can. I think we can do this, and that’s what I want. I want... this. Us.  I don’t want to play Moriarty’s stupid little reindeer games any longer.”
“Habits should change,” pants John as he grinds himself back on Sherlock, seeking more depth, more pressure, just plain more. “You feel fantastic. Jesus, Sherlock. Oh.
Far too early the next morning, my brother drove me up to rejoin my family in the Lehigh Valley. As we went over the Walt Whitman bridge, the sun was rising behind us, dazzling pink and gold reflecting off the skyscrapers of downtown Philadelphia.
Sherlock obliges, kissing him, tongue diving into his mouth to make up for lost time as his hand resumes its exploration between John’s legs.
His eyes catch John’s, and the uncertainty there, the barely-concealed fear of rejection--it’s enough to break John’s heart, just a little bit.
He leaves a quick note for John on the kitchen counter so he doesn’t worry, then the two of them go downstairs to get a cab. It’s not a long trip to Highgate Cemetery, but too far to walk with the baby in his arms, and the stroller is annoying as hell to navigate with unless they absolutely must.
He shudders and moans, still riding John’s cock as he spurts, warm and wet on John’s hand and his own belly. John gasps and curses and thrusts up into him hard, the stimulation of it tipping him over unexpectedly, into a second, smaller, but more prolonged orgasm.
Sherlock breaks John’s sudden anxious mood with a narrow-eyed look and a small but unmistakable smirk.
“Oh goodness,” Sherlock sighs, bending over and scooping her up. “You’re supposed to be sleeping, little miss.”
“Oh love, he’s not in,” Mrs Hudson says apologetically. “I don’t know where he is; you know he never tells me anything.”
“You’re recording this on your phone,” Sherlock observes, eyebrow arched, “which makes me strongly suspect that contrary to your words, this is not an official police statement.”
John sits back on his heels, pulls Sherlock’s hips up higher. He finds just the right angle to graze his prostate with every stroke, making Sherlock keen in desperate pleasure, needy gasping cries as the spiralling tension draws his body tight as a bowstring, his climax closing in as electricity wraps around the base of his spine.
He listens to the sounds of the street, the car horns' frustrated honking in the snow-snarled traffic of the Marylebone Road, the idling vehicle waiting for them on the street below.
Sherlock looks over at him, line between his brows creasing in concern. John closes his eyes, takes deep breaths, wills the feeling to pass.
He nods, obeys, takes a deep breath. He looks up into Sherlock’s worried eyes, sea green touched with silver and blue.
“Okay,” John says in a stage whisper, both to himself and Sherlock. He squares his shoulders, takes a deep breath. “Clients. Pull it together, for God’s sake.” Sherlock nods once and rises, turns around. His face is perfectly composed, but he assiduously avoids John’s eyes, and John knows it’s because if they look at each other again they’ll be done for.
“Including common spelling variants, there’s fourteen Lou or Louis Andrews in the greater Philadelphia region,” Sherlock murmurs as his fingers dance over the keyboard. “None of them are a particularly good fit, demographically. “ He looks up, stares into space. John polishes off another wing, munches on a stick of celery as he waits.
, and it doesn’t help us to start jumping at shadows. With all that said, I’m trying to keep Lou Andrews’ words in mind and not overlook women as a variable. We’ll stay on alert, just in case.”
And the first two-- with every moment that passes, John finds they’re mattering less and less. Not too long ago, John privately swore he’d never let himself be that vulnerable ever again, that he’d never hand Sherlock the keys to his heart. Now, though...now, sometimes, it almost seems worth the risk, just to find out. Just to know if they actually would have some kind of a chance at something real and true.
“You make me one. G’night, love.” John sighs and snuggles back against him in sleepy contentment, soon drifting off to slumber.
“Oh, look how you love this,” John says, his voice gravelly and low. “Putting on a show for me, rubbing yourself like that. Such a needy little slut. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so hard. You want to touch your cock, don’t you?”
It’s close to noon, and he’s halfheartedly struggling with the crossword at the kitchen table when Sherlock rises. He passes by John without a word on his way to the bathroom.
“You’re on a Robin Hood lark now -- stealing from the rich and crooked to give back to the poor and downtrodden in this sad, garish little town, and making a fortune for yourself while you’re at it -- but that’s not the real you either, is it? That’s not what drives you. What drives you is the rush -- the thrill of of slipping into a new identity, the high of making suckers believe the lies you tell them. That’s the real game for you, isn’t it,
“I’m not angry,” John says again, and he’s not, he understands Sherlock’s thought processes inside and out by now, and on top of that, he’s too damn tired and sore to maintain any level of genuine anger. “I understand. Would have rather you had kept me in the loop, but overall what you did was the right decision.”
They grin at each other for a moment like the lovesick idiots they are. Sherlock wraps his hands around John’s arse and tilts his hips up in unmistakable invitation.
“You could do something with number five right now, you know,” Sherlock says. “It’s only half seven. You could call Lestrade, ask him if he wants a pint. Or, you could go over to Baker Street and talk to the real me, instead of sitting here by yourself and holding an imaginary conversation. Because, and no offense intended, this is more than a little pathetic."
“Well,” he says, calm and even. “In that case, let me just say this. If last night was my final one on Earth, I’m just grateful I got to spend it with your tongue up my arse.”
The two men fall silent, absorbed in watching the baby as she finishes her bottle, small mouth eagerly gulping the last few drops of milk. John gently breaks the suction and tugs the nipple free before using the cotton blanket to wipe a dribble from the corner of her mouth.
He whirls around, gun held steady in front of him. It's not loaded, but he might be able to scare someone off--
In this close proximity Sherlock is able to appreciate how very delectable John smells, ordinary shampoo and Old Spice deodorant merging with the not-quite musky tang of his skin, becoming something unique and special that never fails to make Sherlock’s pulse tick just a bit higher despite years of familiarity. He closes his eyes for a moment and breathes in, feeling a spark of hot arousal flicker low in his belly.
Sherlock enters the bedroom, carrying the bags he’d brought in earlier from the car. He nudges the slider switch next to the door with the side of his hand, bringing up the recessed lights to a low level, brightening the room without making the light too harsh. He drops the bags next to the dresser, shrugs out of his jacket and drapes it over the back of the patterned side chair.
Sherlock nods. “I know. Of course. Out there is…” He waves a hand, encompassing everything in the universe that is not in bed with him right this moment. “But here, in our home… I would be open to...  extending the boundaries of what we do. Making it a bigger part of our lives.”
“But... I realize something now. In the hours leading up to that final moment, I made a terrible mistake. I made the blind, unexamined assumption that I had to do it all on my own. I was so alone for so long, and it never occurred... I didn’t see what was right in front of me. I didn’t see you. I didn’t see that you were there for me. If I had realized, if I hadn’t been so arrogant yet naive... I could have made different choices. I could have--I
“Fine,” John repeats back to him. “I mean. Yeah, fine.” He refolds the section he’d been reading, stands, stretches a bit. “So I’ll just--”
“Are you certain it’s not too soon?” Sherlock cuts in, dropping his pretense of ignoring the RN. His voice is even, devoid of surface inflection, but there’s still a note of worry that rings through to John loud and clear.
As he knew it would, the call goes directly to voicemail yet again, making John curse and smack the doorframe in frightened frustration.
John’s mouth returns to his nipple, rougher now, just shy of pain, pulling with his teeth before releasing it, soothing the nip with wet cooling swipes of his tongue. John pushes his fingers in deeper, as deep as he can reach, making Sherlock tense and cry out softly.
Her scarf has slipped down the back of her head; in her paint-brown hair, a tiny metal clip keeps her overgrown fringe out of her eyes. The sight conjures a singular memory of that night at the Landmark, of those last moments that she and John were still something close to being in love, those last moments before Sherlock came roaring back from the dead with a pencilled-on moustache and a poorly conceived prank concocted on the fly to mask his uncertainty and pain.
John slides off him, climbs to his feet and pads into the kitchen, Sherlock gazing hungrily at the fine view of his back and arse in the flickering orange glow. He hears drawers open and shut and a few muttered curses before John returns with a small plastic bottle. He gracefully drops down to his knees, refills his wineglass, takes a sip.
He restrains himself, restricts himself to keeping his hands above the waist. It’s so absolutely new to John, taking things this slowly, slower than he’s ever taken things before in his life, and it turns every tiny gesture into a new frontier to explore.
“Okay,” Sherlock murmurs, and then he’s brushing long fingers up and down the back of his thigh, easing over, dipping into the wet and open space between his cheeks, brushing up and down, teasing for a moment beforepressing inward, not quite enough, just a bit too hesitant to really--
Both men freeze stock still. They look at each other in stunned silence. Sherlock’s eyes reflect back John’s own thought, clear as day.
His mind conjures up long-buried desires, memories of the times he’d eyed a bit of rough trade hanging around outside a dodgy pub, the hard, flinty, slouchy young men who’d let you do whatever you like for a twenty and may or may not mug you for your wallet after. John had never done it, never would, but more than once he’s looked just a touch too long, imagined for just a moment what it would be like to take one of them behind a skip, to do something filthy to a dangerous stranger, or have something filthy done to him--and then he’d pushed away the sharp stab of shameful lust, disgusted with himself for wanting something so dirty and degrading and
“Sherlock Holmes is telling me not to overthink something. I think this is an historical event.” John laughs, a bit shakily. Sherlock pulls him into his arms, feeling a bit out of his depth as the one offering reassurance. John is stiff for a moment, uncertain, but then Sherlock feels him exhale, relax into the embrace.
“He knows the people who have information on Mary.” Sherlock refolds the note, stows it away in his jacket pocket along with the battered Parliament packet.
John could call Sherlock. Should he call Sherlock? It seems banal and bordering on ridiculous to potentially interrupt a dangerous, life-or-death chase with something as mundane as a phone call. No matter how ridiculous it may seem, though it occurs to John that at the moment he is, frankly, out of better ideas.
The already-struggling lights dim as elderly servomotors whir to life. The lift lurches slightly and begins to rise. A wave of exhaustion washes over John; he braces his arm against the wall and rests his forehead against it, closing his eyes for just a moment.
So in short, John sees. Of course he does. And as the first week in Sherlock’s bed rounds the corner into the second and neither of them makes any move to end this ostensibly temporary arrangement, John struggles to remember exactly why that distance between their bodies had been so bloody important in the first place.
“Laundry was in the car,” Sherlock says, his voice muffled by the door. John spits and rinses hurriedly.
John takes the carrier. It’s heavy, but he grits his teeth and bears the weight. The sudden movement makes the baby cry harder.
He is tall, slender, all long lines and unselfconscious grace in a close-fitting black suit that clearly costs more than John makes in a month, possibly in a year. He wears no tie; his charcoal-grey shirt is open at the throat, framing his long neck and exposing the dip of his suprasternal notch. His dark hair is longer than John is used to seeing on a man, combed back at the sides and spilling over his forehead in an artful tousle of dark curls.
“And you felt like...Oh God. You felt like I didn’t want you. Oh, sweetheart. I handled that so badly, didn’t I? I’m sorry, I’m so sorry. Please forgive me. I didn’t understand.” He rocks Sherlock back and forth, just the tiniest bit, as he strokes him and kisses his hair. John’s scent surrounds him, makes him feel warm and protected, makes the hurt ease just a little.
“Good boy,” John murmurs approvingly, stroking his sore and throbbing cheekbone, fingers circling the shell of his ear, stroking his neck. “Keep going.”
John smiles, then, so sadly, and Sherlock realizes with a bit of a thump that he said the words aloud.
Sherlock takes John’s arm where it rests across his chest, turns it palm up. “I love you,” he murmurs, mouthing the words against the soft skin on the inside of John’s forearm.
Sherlock cocks his head and smiles thinly. “At any rate, I didn’t know you and John were back on good terms,” he says. “Everyone else in my life still hates him. In fact, I’m not overly fond of him myself at the moment.”
“Not only are you not my legal wife,” he says, “but the baby’s not mine, is it.” His inflection indicates a statement, not  a question.
Sherlock huffs but pauses a moment, allows John to scoop up the fabric before he resumes yanking him impatiently up the stairs. He hums and bounces as John unlocks the door, ducks past him as he sighs and drops the discarded linens on the kitchen floor.
John doesn't lower the gun but remembers the code word and Sherlock's text. "Okay," he says. "I'll play. What the hell are you doing in my house?"
Once in the cab John begins to doze off almost immediately, unabashedly using Sherlock as a pillow, mumbling a wordless thanks when Sherlock drapes an arm across John’s shoulders, encouraging him to settle in against his side.
John groans--in embarrassment now, not pleasure-- and clambers awkwardly off Sherlock’s lap. His erection is rapidly subsiding; the smirk of one’s elderly landlady is a miracle worker in that department, he’ll have to keep that one on file--as he wipes his slightly saliva-wet face on his sleeve. He looks over at Sherlock, still sitting the kitchen chair. His head is hanging down, his shoulders hunched; for a moment John thinks he is mortified or upset but then he sees the minute shaking on Sherlock’s back and realizes he’s stifling laughter.
The house before them is not as large as some they’ve passed, but it’s maybe older, a solid two-storey rectangular farmhouse that would not be out of place in the green rolling hills of southern Germany. It is crafted of huge irregular fieldstones, hand-set with wide white mortar in between. Electric candles glow in each of the eight-paned windows. Wrought iron lamps light the pavement as it winds from the front porch to the gravel driveway where a silver minivan and a smaller black sedan are parked. Raised beds of spring flowers frame the edges of the deep front garden.
“Yes,” John breathes, “so fucking hot, so fucking gorgeous, I love you, I love you so much.” His hips stutter as his own orgasm takes him. “Oh God. Sherlock.” He comes with a single choked moan, and as he stills Sherlock feels him pulse and spill deep inside his body.
“John,” is all he says, his voice deep and rough with intent. He takes a half-step towards his spouse.
The revelation creeps up on him so gradually he doesn’t even see it at first; then suddenly it’s in front of him and he sees how he has always, somewhere deep in his heart, accepted as truth that he could never be enough for someone as brilliant and easily bored as Sherlock. He as always unconsciously assumed Sherlock would tire of him eventually, that he would someday find another equal, another Moriarty, another puzzle worth his time.
John presses his lips to the reddening mark his fingers left behind. “You’re such a desperate little whore,” he purrs against Sherlock’s skin, “so hungry for it, it’s beautiful. You just can’t control yourself tonight. Can you?”
"What are we looking for?” John asks as they survey the messy room, overflowing with boxes and papers.
At the flat with Lestrade, going over the finer details of the case (the larger picture being, of course, that while the DI is smarter than the rest of Scotland Yard, he is still hopelessly mentally deficient), Sherlock is outwardly calm but he finds himself anxiously waiting for John to arrive. He doesn’t like the fact that John’s key is still in his coat pocket. John belongs here. He shouldn’t have to ring the doorbell like a guest. Like a stranger.
“Pleasant evening, gentlemen,” the amiable bouncer murmurs, holding the steel door open for them as they take their leave.
“Sure. If you’re going to be thinking about doing it, you could make that time productive by formally organizing all the different ways you want to do it, then as we tackle each one you could analyze the data. Objective experience versus subjective. There could be charts. I know how you love a nice chart.”
The skull says nothing in reply, but the hollow eye sockets seem to be watching him, the toothy grin smirking at the empty bluster John uses to hide his fear.
Sherlock’s still on the case then, and not slowing down any time soon. He got a good night’s sleep two days ago, he’s likely good for three more, but John decides he’ll try to at least get some breakfast in him anyway. He pulls eggs and cheddar out of the fridge and a frying pan out of the cabinet.
“Don’t move,” Maria snaps. “Don’t fucking move, Sherlock, I swear you make one more move and I put a bullet in his head to finish the job.”
“I checked his neck for a pulse, even though I knew he was dead,” Rocco said. “I just...I had to touch ‘im. Just to make sure.”
“I’m not made out of glass, Sherlock,” John says with a tiny huff of a chuckle. “You won’t break me, you know.”
John makes his way into the dark kitchen, flips on the overhead light, fetches a bottle of water from the fridge. As he’s untwisting the cap and taking a long swallow, John finds himself half-listening as the rushing pattering noise of the shower stops and the bathroom door opens and closes, then the soft sound of bureau drawers sliding on their casters as Sherlock fetches clean clothes.
Sherlock Holmes is not a human being. He is a machine, nothing more, and the sooner John gets that through his thick skull, the better for all involved.
In the ensuite Sherlock strips and showers, thorough and efficient, deliberately not thinking about anything at all and definitely not lingering on any one area of his body.
“I’m not making sense, am I?” John’s emotions feel raw, almost uncontrolled, and his dry eyes itch with unshed tears. “I didn’t mean to--I’m so sorry.”
“That woman. Katie Kravitz.” Just saying her name sends a zinging ripple of anger through John’s body. He seizes it, uses that feeling as a lifeline, climbing up out of the blank sadness, focusing his thoughts. “Don’t misunderstand me, Sherlock.
“Yeah, just like that. That would be amazing.” He carefully rolls back onto his side, facing Sherlock. “Bring my leg up over your leg, let’s see how that goes.”
“Information. Namely, we want to see the police report, surveillance footage, and to speak with your pharmacy technician.”
“Look how hard you are already,” he murmurs against the shell of Sherlock’s ear, still stroking his trapped, throbbing prick. “It turns you on so much, being like this. Naked, restrained, submissive. Ready and eager to be used.” His hot mouth presses another kiss to the juncture of his jaw, warm breath puffing against his neck. He strokes Sherlock’s prick once, twice more before releasing him. Sherlock’s cock twitches upwards as his hips flex involuntarily, helplessly seeking lost contact as John’s fingertips skate up his belly, and back to his right areola. John flicks his thumb against the hardened tip, lightly at first, then presses down, rubbing more roughly.
Sherlock comes around with him to the passenger side, opens the door. He takes the carrier until John gets himself situated in the seat, then returns it to his arms. He closes the door and sprints around to the driver’s side, slipping behind the wheel and starting the car in the same moment as he closes the door.
Sherlock kisses and licks his way up John’s chest, pausing at the edge of the scar on his left shoulder. “Go ahead,” he murmurs, and Sherlock touches the tip of his tongue to the crater at the centre of the tangled mass of pale raised scar tissue. John doesn’t have much feeling in that area, but he shivers, nonetheless, overcome by the sight of Sherlock’s lips and tongue gentle against the most ruined part of his body.
“I’d noticed several regulars to our soup kitchen haven’t been coming around lately. It’s a transient population, to be sure, but you still get to know some faces. I asked after them a bit, and was told they went with a man who offered them hot meals and farm work up in Yorkshire.”
“I freely admit to being an unrepentant arsehole,” Sherlock replies. “But I’m not smart, I’m brilliant, thank you very much, and I assure you John Watson lives in nobody’s shadow. So you’re one out of three, which is not terribly impressive overall.”
“I don’t know,” John replies. “I think you’d look rather attractive in one of those beekeeping hats.”
“Hey,” Sherlock says, aiming for casual, but sounding just a bit off-center, as if he’s just a bit uncertain of his reception.
John gives a low, moaning kind of sigh, and pulls Sherlock back, his prick sliding wetly out of his mouth, then takes himself back in hand, pulling his cock up as he tugs Sherlock’s face back into his groin as he spreads his legs wider. Sherlock understands the unspoken command, licking at John’s warm, furred testicles, drawing first one and then the other into his mouth, suckling them as John strokes himself from root to tip, breath coming in harsh ragged gasps.
“You want to,” Sherlock says musingly, “but you don’t want to want to. What can we deduce from that?”
The pressure of the crop pressed against his chest falls away falls away as John straightens and stands.
John finishes his preparations and sinks quietly to the floor behind him, kneeling down and bringing his hands to Sherlock’s shoulders, sliding the blue silk down his arms. He kisses the back of his neck, his shoulder as he pushes the dressing gown off Sherlock’s bare skin.
“Leave the light on,” John murmurs when Sherlock moves to switch off the bedside lamp. “I want to see you.”
“Shit, I’m sorry,” John says, instantly contrite. He strokes at Sherlock’s hair in concern. “Are you all right?”
“But. Now, I…  I never thought I could want anything else other than the work. I thought that when the inevitable day came, the day the work was beyond my abilities, that I.. I would be bested in the course of one of our adventures and it would be fine. I always planned to die how I lived. That always seemed fitting. I… I don’t want that, now. I don’t want to give those years up to some stupid murderous thug, or some foolish undertaking. I want to grow old, John. With you. I love the work, John. But I love you more. And I like bees.
He flicks the cap one-handed, expertly, and it’s only a moment before he’s slicking himself, taking himself in hand.
She drives a sharp elbow hard into his solar plexus; as he staggers back, gasping, she spins and punches him hard in the nose, shockingly strong for her slender frame. He crumples to the floor with a cry of pain; before he can recover she is on top of him, necktie wrapped around her small hand and he can’t breathe, she’s strangling him, her flushed face as close to his as a lover, and John can see the fear and despair and implacable hate burning in those piercing blue eyes.
Sherlock doesn’t find out if John actually comes back in a tick or not, because despite or perhaps because of his pain, he’s deeply and truly asleep long before John returns from the kitchen.
“They had me drugged, I couldn’t... but there was one. Liverpool. Male. Early thirties. Slender build, dark hair, green eyes. They called him Elliot. His breath. Type I diabetes.” Sherlock’s eyes are already closing again. “He’s in ketoacidosis. Medical crisis.Tell Lestrade. Crosscheck the name…”
Caldwell smiles, sharklike, all gleaming white teeth and rage. “Show up at my office during business hours with your so-called leverage, if you really have any. Or a warrant, I don’t care which. Otherwise, buddy? You can fuck right off.”
Sherlock studies himself in the full-length mirror as he does a quarter turn, smoothing the lapels and straightening the sleeves. As he does so, John could swear something undefinable in his very bearing changes, making Sherlock taller, more self-possessed, more intimidating.
The cheerful expression on Lee’s face falls away suddenly; he glares sullenly at Sherlock, looking every inch the caught -out teenager.
Sherlock knows it is almost entirely due to the case they are working. Breaking the counterfeiting ring initially looked like two days of work, perhaps three; then a week turned into eight days turned into ten, and John became more jumpy, more snarly, more irritable with every passing moment.
John jumps to his feet, knocking over the plastic cup of quarters he’d set down next to the fruit machine, spilling them everywhere, bouncing and jangling across the floor. The woman at the next machine turns in surprise at the commotion.
“Please don’t,” Sherlock says, and although the words are pleading his voice is flat. “I hate when you do this.”
John knows the man is fishing, seeing if there’s some money behind this line of questioning, but he’s in no mood to play tonight. “How many?” he asks, flatter and colder than the snake.
The bottle of vodka is still in its usual spot, tucked into the lower left hand drawer of Donovan’s desk, halfheartedly hidden behind a stack of ancient unfiled paperwork.
Seb swallows down the lump in his throat, nods, and again finds Jim’s lips with his as he makes himself believe, if only for a moment.
“It’s just so much,” John finishes for him. “And it’s all so new. It’s a lot to deal with all at once, I’d think.”
“Just nice?” he asks, looking up, his black ringed eyes meeting hers in the mirror, his tone holding just a hint of playful flirtation.
Sherlock breaks the kiss, pulls away to look into his eyes, “We always would have,” he says quietly.
“You need this,” John says, voice ragged with lust. “I need this. But not in anger. Never in anger. Do you understand?”
John’s still breathing heavily, post-orgasmic lassitude just beginning to creep into his limbs, when his message notification tone beeps.
Sherlock is at Baker Street, across town and alone and missing him, but this time John just doesn’t know how to begin to bridge that distance.
“Only until this bloody quarantine is over, I’m sure. Can you imagine me as a beekeeper? That is not exactly a flattering outfit.”
She narrows her eyes at him slightly. “I’m not being nice, Doctor. Until you leave the premises you’re still my patient, and I want to keep a medical eye on your dumb ass for at least five more minutes. Hop on.”
“He’ll have a mushroom and cheese omelette, home fries, wheat toast, coffee, and water,” Sherlock says to the waitress. “And just coffee for me.”
Occasionally the machines vomit back jangly piles of cascading silver coins into cheap plastic buckets -- just to be fed back into the maw of the machine, a neverending ouroboros of pavlovian stimulus and response.
Sherlock does as he is told, obeys John and lets the climax take him; without the soft candy floss cloud of excess neurotransmitters and endorphins he can feel the individual processes of his body in orgasm, feel his testicles draw up, feel the involuntary rhythmic pulsing of each muscle.
“You have,” Sherlock says, quieter, almost as if speaking to himself. “You truly have. You’ve consistently put my needs ahead of your own, without fail. It’s one of the many reasons why I love you. And I do. Love you. I hope you know that, and if you didn’t, well. You do now.”
John drinks it. It’s flat and warm, and though it doesn’t take the raw sting out of his throat, or the thick film of sick and bile out of his mouth, it helps settle the roiling in his belly.
“You’re not an idiot,” John murmurs. “You’re... inexperienced.” The word itself sends a shiver of primitive, possessive arousal through his body; feeling emboldened, he leans over and licks a stripe up Sherlock’s long pale neck, kisses a spot just below his ear, and is rewarded by a soft, breathy gasp.“You’re untouched,” he breathes. “Unexplored.
“Okay." John shakes his head. "Bad joke. I made a bad joke. You’re not a replicant. Go home, Sherlock.”
Sherlock glances down at him, the line between his forehead deepening momentarily in concern as he gives a single brief shake of his head.
“Shhh, it’s all over,” John breathes, kissing him. “We’re done, sweet pet, we’re done, it’s all over, you did so well.”
The first is, she is clearly being well looked-after, and that knowledge is a profound relief, a knot of anxiety deep inside him finally loosening.
“Of what?” John asks him, as his thumb finds Sherlock’s nipple, traces a circle around the outside edge of the areolae. The shivers ripple across Sherlock’s skin, the first silver sparks of pleasure beginning to race along his nerves as the riot of chemicals in his bloodstream begin to take over, pushing him further down into that dark, strange, exhiliarating place.
“You just haven’t found it yet,” is what he says aloud. “When you do, I promise you will be the first to know.”
Sherlock considers. The Dancing Men code, as John has named it, is proving far more complex than Sherlock had initially estimated; however, he is making progress, frustratingly slow as it is, which means food is out but beverages are acceptable.
“Did you learn anything?” John asks. Sherlock doesn’t answer as he pulls out keys, unlocks the car doors, still deep in thought.
And now the BBC itself has turned out the lights, gone gentle into that good night, and Sherlock has no choice but to face the truth he has carefully kept from himself for days now.
Sherlock stops, considers. He definitely wants something, something specific, something simmering just under his skin. What is it? What does he want?
“Because you’re not really a gangster, are you, James? You’re a grifter. ID theft, bank fraud, online credit card rackets. You recently lost a considerable sum in the Bitcoin meltdown, hence the move back into real world crime. You’re educated --  William and Mary College, BA in Economics, 2005 -- and possess true insight into the nexus of money and human psychology. When you learned of the power vacuum that currently exists in Atlantic City organised crime, you immediately saw the potential of it all: the money that goes through this city every day, the vast amount available to be stolen or skimmed or embezzled here.
“And just say what?” John asks. “Oh, hello, good luck on the election, and by the way can you tell two complete strangers privileged information from ten years ago, please and thank you?”
“Not up for debate,” Sherlock informs him, capturing his mouth  in order to end the conversation. John sighs his acquiescence into the kiss, reaches up to cup one hand around the back of Sherlock’s  neck as his other hand scrabbles at the waistband of Sherlock’s snug boxer briefs. He succeeds in pulling the elastic halfway down on one side; with Sherlock’s fumbling assistance he manages to wrestle them most of the way off. Sherlock kicks them away with a careless fling of one ankle before pressing the entire hot length of his naked body against John’s, their cocks rubbing deliciously against each other as they kiss and kiss,  making tiny, breathy gasps and moans in each other’s mouths as they grind against each other in shamelessly open need, their bodies communicating far more eloquently than mere words could ever hope to express.
“There’s a car coming for us,” Sherlock says, and strides to the glass doors on his long legs, catching John off guard by holding it open it for him instead of his usual style of charging through and leaving the shorter man to catch up.
John nods sharply and heads to the car. He narrowly manages to avoid getting in on the right hand side, making Sherlock snort quietly. He chooses to ignore it.
“Of course.” Sherlock filches a mozzarella stick, ignoring the marinara dipping sauce in favor of consuming the fried cheese almost whole. “And according to these documents, Maria was released in the spring of 2006 on a supposed technicality involving an improperly handled appeal motion.”
Sherlock swallows, nods. “Of course,” he says, his voice scratchy. He sits up, scrubbing at his eyes in a manner reminiscent of a small, tired child.
, John thinks through the red-tinged fog of pain beginning to cloud his mind. He can see that truth now, see it with the raw-edged, bitterly sharp clarity of perfect hindsight, of epiphany come too late. They were set on this path the day Sherlock came back from the dead, the three of them arranging into this final, fearful symmetry, three fixed points in a triangle comprising love and loss and betrayal.
Lack of money would make it harder to score easily, but John harbours no illusions, knows Sherlock’s got connections and resources and favours owed him all over London.
Then he laughs, just a little, rough and strained and through unshed tears but a laugh just the same, and John can’t help but join him, only for a moment, the unintended humour a momentary respite, a tiny oasis in a parched, endless desert.
John’s laughter fades into the evening damp as he raises an eyebrow, looks at him quizzically. “Why are you looking at me like that?” he asks. “Have I got something on my face?”
John looks around, at the other buildings that border the small, rather run-down car park. “Don’t we want to avoid being caught on a nearby camera?”
“Patricia, your offer is so kind, but… but you see, my wife passed away not too long ago and I’m not sure I’m --”
Sherlock gives him a rueful half-grin. “It’s mostly this dreadful piece of furniture. God, I miss my bed.”
Once inside the dreary, threadbare funeral home, Sherlock easily blusters his way past the elderly secretary and the stuttering, hand-wringing mortuary technician in a cheap shiny suit, flashing a stolen badge and referring to John as a “private pathology consultant” as he demands access to Travis McGinty’s body.
“Yes, Mister Holmes.” Patricia is calm, sounding much more focused now that she has a set of instructions, however minimal, to follow. “I understand.”
At loose ends and not quite knowing what else to do, John falls back upon British tribal instinct and goes into the kitchen, fills the kettle, and turns it on.
Sherlock tilts his head upwards to meet the kiss, his plush lips parting in irresistible invitation, his tongue slipping out to meet and tangle with John’s as the kiss grows more heated. His free hand comes up to cradle the side of John’s head as the urgency and need between them begins to rise yet again.
