“Tony!” Stane pushed his way through the downward stream of people. “What’s wrong with you, Tony?” Stane’s face was creased with concern. “You’re not acting like yourself.”
“Well tell your guy to contact me when he gets the chance. This stuff is really good. You know, for locally made.” Tony began wander around the apartment taking in his surroundings. “Now the Italians,” he began to ramble. “They know how to make a good wine, and the Germans have a great rep with beer. You should see my collection sometime. Honestly, I’m more of a scotch person than anything, but this is still pretty good.” Tony took another sip as he looked around the small room. “Something wrong with your heater?”
Third chapter will be posted in two weeks and then we'll get back to our regularly scheduled program. After adjusting the outline for this story, it looks like the entire thing will be about 15 chapters.
He went in clean. No splash. No mess. Any diver would be envious of his form. But his pride only lasted a second. Cold water enveloped him, stabbing his exposed skin like a thousand needles. It hurt. Tony gritted his teeth and fought through the bone freezing chill. He just had to be patient. It would all be over soon.
“Steve!” he called into the crowd. Why did everyone have to be taller than him? Short was great for working under cars, but crap when looking for someone in a crowd.
Clint groaned. “Fine.” He threw his hands up into the air and walked out of the kitchen. “Way to ruin our fun Captain kill joy.”
Steve squinted. The crates looked like everything else in this place. Besides the stacks being a hair misaligned, what made these ones special that Natasha would point them out?
Tony tilted his head up a bit, just enough to see Steve’s stupid mug out the corner of his eye. Determination shone like stars in Steve’s beautiful baby blue eyes. Tony let out an exasperated chuckle. “I’m not talking you out of this, am I?” he asked, running a gloved hand through his battle mussed hair.
“Tomorrow,” said Steve as he pulled the blankets up to Tony’s chin, “we will find a way to send you back home. You’ll see. Adult you is really smart.”
Sam ducked out to fire off a few rounds. “My guess, Schmidt's got deep pockets now. Heard he got promoted to head of Hydra.”
“I’m thinking okay!” yelled Steve. “I don’t have a contingency plan for everything that happens and I definitely don’t have time for dealing with this type of shit! I never dreamed that we would ever have to deal with the stuff the big boys deal with-” Steve paused, his brain processing
“It’s a shame,” said Wanda. “I wanted to teach him a few traditional games my brother and I played when we were children. I think Tony would have liked that.”
This was his fault. This was all his fault. All the hard work and revisions that had gone into revamping the security system at Stark Industries, and look what happened. Another leak under his nose. If only he knew who the mole was. If only he could plug up the hole faster. If only he could do something, anything to prevent an incident like that from ever happening again.
“Maybe. But he’s told me more than enough,” Tony said, eyeing the signs of mistreatment that littered the werewolf’s body. A limp in his left paw, matted fur, skin thin enough to see bones, bloodshot eyes clouded in feral rage, this werewolf had seen his fair share of abuse and he wasn’t about to trust a human like him anytime soon.
Just as he finished the shadows that accented Tony’s figure, he felt a tap on his shoulder. The kid remind Steve of what he was like when he was young, before the army. Skinny and short.
Tony’s left arm shot up to block the blunt attack. But it was no good. The shovel came down hard on his arm, forcing him to stagger back. Steve took advantage of the paralysis and swung up at the jaw line with the blunt of the weapon.
“Cute,” Bruce muttered, brushing off the comment. As he was quietly put away his supplies, another question came out. “Is this about that doll you’ve been seeing lately?”
Stane’s grin was wide as a across his taught face. “Well, I expect to see a wedding invitation in my mailbox within the next few months.”
Bucky announced his presence with a subtle huff, and this time, Steve paid attention. He looked up from his digging, growled at Bucky, and then pounced.
Tony’s lips peeled back into a toothy smile. “I’m a very powerful man, Steve. I can keep big promises like that.”
Bruce let out a heavy sigh. “Unfortunately, no. I’d like our Tony here to check the figures, but from what I can tell, AIM just threw a bunch of equations against a blackboard, said it was good enough to manipulate time, patched together a machine with computer parts from the eighties, and successfully pulled this kid out of Tony’s time stream. I don’t think we could replicate the experiment even if we tried.
“If I were you, I would be hurt,” Tony replied with an exaggerated pout. “How would I have time for anyone special? I’ve spent almost all my time in New York working.”
“Oh come on, Tony. Don’t act like that. Not everybody is lucky enough to have the Howling Commandos swoop in and rescue them from an ambush,” Jan said with a suggestive nudge.
“No, you’re not,” said Steve, his patience for Tony’s stubbornness running out fast. “You can barely hold yourself up.”
The first volley came to an abrupt halt. The distinct silence of units reloading stilted the fearful cries of civilians trying to get away. Knowing their opening would only last a few seconds, Sam and Steve scampered away from the cart as fast as they could and into the slight better security of a brick alley
“Nah, I just like to see you panic like a scared chicken,” Clint said with a mischievous wink. “Just reporting back from recon. Most of the good parts of town are taken, but there are some small time street gangs in the Lower East Side that we can easily take out. Not optimal for business, but we can make it work if we advertise right.”
“Not arguing there,” Steve muttered under his breath. His thoughts immediately went to a very specific, very attractive person who fit the description.
“I’m not talking about just the bomb,” Sam said, giving him an exasperated eye roll. “I’m talking about everything else. Your deception, your secrets, if you had just helped Steve straight out or told him who you were, none of this would have happened.”
“You gonna let me run free on the how?" asked Clint, fingering a hidden blade along the length of his thigh.
The round of bullets stopped, and Steve hear Thor’s battle cry from the far side of the building. He peaked out from under the rubbage just in time to see another beam of bright light fire off in the distance.
After what felt like ages, the dust began to settle. At the distant edge of the cloud, a shadowy figure rose up from the wreckage. It held its head in pain. “Ugh,” a voice crackled over the radio. “Buck?”
“We don’t want that type of attention. This is how smaller groups get compromised. They go to a larger group for protection, and then they end up swearing alliance and losing their identity because of the larger group.”
Surprise filled Steve’s eyes. Then, relief. He smiled, the skin around his eyes crinkling like Christmas wrapping paper. One hand let go of the rolling pin. Steve reached up as if to touch Tony’s face, but stopped short. Instead, he ran his thumb gently along the length of Tony’s bottom lip, like an artist admiring a work of art. “Think I could have a taste?” asked Steve, licking his lips. “Before they go in the fryer?”
A particularly heavy breath left Tony’s lips and grazed Steve’s fingers. It tickled his fingers like a feather. Slowly, a hot need began to stir under his skin. Steve’s cock twitched as he thought about all the things he could press between those perfectly parted lips. Fingers, lips, tongue, cock. Well, that last one might be a bit dangerous. Tony would need to be up first.
Steve buried his head in his arms. He didn’t say anything. But Sam was more than willing to ante up the information. “Steve and his boyfriend go in a fight.”
Tony let out a heavy sigh. “Pot. Kettle. Doesn’t matter anymore. Cat’s out of the bag. This is as bad as it can get. Unless,” Tony paused for dramatic effect. “Unless you’ve got something else you’d like to confess, Steve.”
So, Steve relented. He slowly turned his hand over and once more showed Tony the damage. Tony beamed. He patted the towel along the back of Steve’s knuckles. Steve winced and let out a tight hiss. The alcohol stung.
True to Steve’s word, he did all the work. Steve expertly drove down to the roads without any assistance of headlights (illegal, but so was the cargo). Every couple of minutes Steve would stop the car, pull out some cargo, and then the two would haul ass to deliver the goods a few blocks from their parking spot. Steve said it was so the coppers would have a harder time tracking them. Tony thought it was so Steve could see could get a laugh out of seeing him haul his outa shape ass across town and back. None of the rum runners Tony employed at Malibu went this far. Why should they? But Tony was in no position to say anything like that. To Steve, he was a simple engineer. And engineers weren’t well versed in the world of rum runs. And, to be perfectly honest, Tony preferred to keep it that way.
“My mess?” Stane’s face furrowed in confusion. “Tony, that design was brilliant! I don’t understand why you stopped production. You had to know the fallout that the choice would cause.”
“Just making conversation,” said Steve with a shrug. He tried to convince himself that he hadn’t been eying Tonly more than strictly necessary as they parted ways.
They sat in panting silence, both considering their options. Steve was so close to giving up. If Hydra had access to military grade weapons, it wouldn’t be long before the Brooklyn Boys were wiped off the map and down the Hudson.
Steve's heart clenched in anger. That settled it. Steve grabbed his arm and proceeded to drag Tony back to Steve’s side of the river.
“Dammit Steve. Will you just calm down and listen for one second! I’m trying to tell you something!” yelled Tony as he staggered backwards. The vibrations from the hit were doing nothing for his balance.
It had to be right. Balancing his debts. Saying his goodbyes. It sounded right in his head. So why didn’t it feel right in his heart?
They stood in awkward silence for a moment, both not quite knowing what to do or what to say next. Steve tried to remember why he was there. It was definitely was not so he could swim in those dark chocolate eyes after two long weeks of distant phone conversations.
“Well, I don't see anyone else lining up to take care of helpless little Tony. Looks like I'm the best you got.” Sam said, all sass and no give.
The kid bit his lip. He nervously shot a glance up to Steve and Tony. When neither of them moved, he ran into Rhodey’s outstretched arms and buried his head in the man’s chest. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make him mad.”
A spark of red flared up along Steve’s spine. He squared his shoulders and slowly circled the guy until they were face to face. Reaching into a back pocket, he flipped out a large pocket knife. Keeping it close to his hip, Steve twisted the blade in the little light available seeping in through the covered windows. Steve stared down the equally tall opponent, daring him to do something about it. “Do you bleed red?” he glowered, voice low like a predator ready to pounce.
“I hear you, big guy,” Tony said, wiping the spit off his face. “Trading one crappy cage for another, I can see why you’d be mad.”
Steve smiled. “Good to hear. Not much work for us advertisement artists, but I’ll pray for you.” Maybe he wasn’t getting work for his art, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t hope for the prosperity of others.
of him wasn’t up for it. Steve had insisted on a ‘no work’ rule during their weeklong vacation. Meaning Tony had to schedule one of his famous ‘weeks of hell’ and consolidate two weeks’ worth of work into seven days. Three or four late nights in the lab, almost a dozen extra meetings so the company could stay on track, not to mention any emergency calls the Avengers had to respond to. To describe his condition as ‘tired’ was an understatement. Tony was bone-deep exhausted.
Steve gave Tony a reassuring smile. “Things change when you get older. People get taller. Some get a few wrinkles. You grew a beard. Would Captain America lie to you?”
Steve groaned rumbled around Tony’s chest. “Can you guys please go somewhere else? Trying to have a moment here.”
Tony grinned that same mischievous grin Steve had seen on day one. “Nope,” he said, popping the ‘p’ like bubblegum. That one word reply sent a small shiver of energy down Steve’s spine.
The door closed behind her and Tony let out a heavy sigh. God, how could raising a five-year-old be so exhausting and yet so entertaining?
The man didn’t answer. His lips parted open as if to speak, but his jaw was completely slack. A small stream of drool dribble out of his mouth and onto the floor. The only truth he would tell mixing with his own piss and blood.
“I heard,” Steve said, picking up the small bundle of joy. He looked at Tony and mouthed a silent, “Thank you.”
The wolf made a low noise that, if Tony didn’t know any better, he’d almost assume the werewolf was laughing at him.
Tony groaned and hung his head frustration. Of all times to be a stubborn ass, now was not the time. “Steve-”
Tony’s mouth dropped in faked shock. “How did you…? When did you…? That’s super-secret information, young lady. You can’t go around telling people that Steve still goes on missions despite claiming retirement benefits.”
Steve nodded, a light blush blooming across his pale cheeks. “In bed with the man I love. I never thought I’d be this lucky, but there’s no place I’d rather be.”
Sam shrugged. “Nothing like a little bet to improve comradely. I've got three whole dollars on the line Steve. At least ask him if he's interested.”
A purple arrow flew through the air and released a large cloud of thick, grey smoke. The Hydra member erupted into a coughing fit as they breathed the choking air.
Tony just laughed. “You’ll do what? Destroy the world and take Captain America with you. Real smart plan, kid. Dad would love this suicide mission.”
“War Machine and Rescue, I need you up front and center,” commanded Tony. “Lost my helmet, so I need you two to pick up the slack.”
Steve didn’t know if he wanted to shake the Iron Family’s hand or shake them down. On the one hand, they had shaken Hydra up something fierce with the exploding heater stunt. (Took a lot of moxie and stupid to scare a group that big.) On the other hand, because the Iron Family rattled their chains, tensions were high and Hydra had become significantly more aggressive, short tempered, and volatile over the past few days. If the five-on-two ambush on Thor and Bucky was anything to go by, Steve couldn’t shake the feeling that they were headed into an all-out war for the underground.
Hope drained from Tony’s eyes. “Why not?” he whined. “Is it because two men can’t get married? Is it because I’m too young?”
The gravity of Tony’s words sunk in. Dammit. Tony didn’t want the news to come out this way. Yes, he did eventually want to reduce production and sales to make sure weapons got into the right hands, but this wasn’t how or when he wanted to break it to Obie. Tony rubbed his temples. The exhausting work over the past two weeks was making him sloppy. If he didn’t watch his mouth he might let everything slip.
Following the sensual sway of shoulders and hips, Steve followed her into a richly decorated elevator. As the door closed and they ascended up the building, it dawned on him that Ms. Potts may not be taking him to see the correct Tony. “How many Tony’s work here?” he asked, trying not to sound too nervous.
“It’s none of your damn business!” Steve shouted back. Why didn’t Tony see? Tony needed to shut up and agree before anything else went wrong. And so many things were already going wrong.
“Don’t say things like that,” said Bruce. “You may have done a lot of bad to get where we are, but you’ve done a lot of good too. Look at me. Look at what you’ve done for the family. You provide opportunities to those who many never get them in a lifetime. How many other employers or bosses give black people or women the same amount of respect and money as everyone else?”
After taking care of the glasses and the bottle, he fetched his sketch pad and pencils form his disorganized corner of the room. Grabbing a chair and one of the few flat surfaces open to act as a table, Steve began to sketch, but this time he dedicated more effort and care to each stroke. Rough sketches on fliers and literature were fine for practice, but art supplies were expensive and a luxury item compared to food and rent.
Steve and company waited quietly behind their hiding spot, adrenaline beginning to pump its way into their veins. Now was not the time for sloppy errors. Now was the time to be alert and committed one hundred percent to what they were about to do.
Like the gentlemen he was, Tony quickly made his escape from the tense room, closing the door softly behind him. Never let it be said that Tony would stay someplace he wasn’t wanted. He clopped down the three stories of wooden steps, silently scolding himself from even thinking that Steve would want him there in a time of need. From the stairs of the second floor, he noticed a familiar black car that some younger immigrant boys were gathered around. A few housewives were whispering speculation amongst themselves on the sidewalk as an inconspicuous shadow on the rooftop across the street darted out of sight.
Tony squinted as he rubbed his head. “I … remember being jealous and mad. Why was I mad? Something inappropriate and embarassing …”
There was another knock. More insistent this time. “Steve? Steve! Wake up Steve! Computer Jarvis says you’re in there. Steve? STEEEVE!”
I was going to say this is one of my longest chapters ever and that we'll go back to shorter chapters after this, but my revised draft of chapter 8 says a big fat no. Basically, btw chapters may be late because after the next chapter, it's brand new writing.
“Thirty two hours ago,” replied Pepper, walking into the lab. “And that’s not even close to the record.”
Bucky would join up with him again, no doubt. But what about Thor? What about Sam? What about Jane? There weren’t many decent jobs they could take.
Evening came and Tony took the same trek up to the werewolf enclosure, but this time, he had a special surprise with him.
“You didn’t answer my question,” said Steve with defensive force. “Who are you and how do you know my name?”
Grabbing her shoulders, Steve forced some distance between them. At first glance, nothing seemed wrong with her. Her hair was short now though, a call back to the previous decade of flapper fashion. However, Natasha was always good at hiding things. Maybe too much for her own good. “What are you doing up here anyway?” he asked, suspicious at the surprise visit.
Steve planted his face into the crook of Iron Man’s shoulder. His ears were the same shade of red as the armor. “Don’t know,” he mumbled. “The mind plays cruel tricks when on the brink of death.” He gave the armor one last reassuring squeeze before pulling back. Just a little. Just enough so his chest wasn’t pressing into the heat of the still warm arc reactor.
Sam rolled his eyes. “Look, you’re just going to have to trust me on this one Steve. I know people, and I bet you fifty cents that he’s head over heels for you.”
A sly grin stretched across Tony’s face. He put a reassuring hand on Steve’s shoulder and whispered once more into his ear, “I won’t tell if you won’t.”
"I brought you a gift to keep you busy until I get back." Tony handed over the large present wrapped in the evening paper. The edges were a little damaged from the scrabble and some of the paper was tearing.
“Sam-” There was no way in hell that Steve would tell Tony about his being the boss of the Brooklyn Boys.
Tony rubbed the back of his neck. He had never taught anyone how to make donuts before. Then again, no one had ever asked. “I mean, I guess. I don’t see why not.”
He shot a panicked look over to Bruce. Without needing to say a word to explain, Bruce nodded in agreement. “I’ll take care of Rhodey. Go find Steve.”
A hand, quick as a snake, snapped out and grabbed Iron Man’s wrist before it made contact. Tony tried to pull away, but Iron Man’s arm was held in a death grip. Beaten blue eyes glared at him from beneath the grime. The warning was clear. Steve may be down, but he was not out for the count. “I will have your head, Iron Man,” he growled.
"Black and white and read all over?” Tony joked, not bothering to look up from the magnifying glass.  “I don't know Pep, but I'll get back to you after I finish the wiring here."
Reality swept in as the elevator doors opened to his floor. As much as Tony had the power and the right to pull off something this big and drastic; the truth was Obie was right. Thousands of people would be out of work by shutting down the company at this point in time. And seeing the way Steve and the other half lived, it just hit home how much Tony could not do that. These people needed work, needed money to survive. If he shut down now, who know how many people would commit suicide or die of starvation because of his actions.
“Yeah, and I’d rather not have a repeat on civilians,” Tony stated matter-of-factly as he charged up his one working repulsor.
He had to give Tony some grief though. It was Tony, not another eager body wanting to show off and get into his pants. It’s not as if he was trying to flirt with Tony. Grief was a necessary part of the ‘artist and model relationship’. Of course it was. “Models need to hold still for hours on end, and from what little I’ve seen of you, you’re not too good at that part.”
Tony must have noticed something was wrong with Steve. Maybe it was his heavy breathing or the unfocused look in his eyes. Either way, Tony took the initiative. He slipped his calloused hands under Steve’s fingers and lifted the bloody digits up to his discerning eyes. Tony hummed at the bruises and abrasions along the back of Steve’s hands. He ran his thumbs along the bright red knuckles. Steve hissed as Tony’s fingers brushed against the flaps of skin peeling off his hands. “Skin’s broken,” said Tony. “We should get you patched up.”
Tony smiled. A real big Cheshire cat smile that wrinkled around his eyes like soft cloth. “You're evil Rogers.”
He pushed his way through the crowd of people, past the doors to the street, and just kept walking straight ahead. He didn’t know where he was going and he really didn’t care. Steve’s face was a furnace of emotions. There was a dark urge goading his fist to punch something. Didn’t matter what it was, but he wanted to punch something, and he wanted to punch it hard.
“I keep trying to tell you, he’s not Steve.” But it was too late. One were became two as the pure white wolf approached Steve.
He heard the familiar clicking of a moving headset as Stane picked up the receiver. “I hope you know what you’re doing Tony.” Stane’s words held an edge of animosity instead of caution that Tony had expected.
Steve grimaced. A feral growl began to build deep in his throat. “He hurt Bucky,” said Steve. His fingers dug into Tony’s arm. “You don’t let a person like
"Happy to oblige Captain," replied a beefy blond, placing both hands on Bucky's cheeks and pulling him into a full on kiss.
Steve tried not to let his frustration show. This was a very serious operation that needed to succeed. Now wasn’t the time to indulge in childish excitement over some inventor’s discarded toys. “Stop playing around,” ordered Steve. The guilt was beginning to claw its way into his gut and he didn’t have time to question the morality what they were doing. “If we can’t use it, put it back.”
"What do they say about our good neighbors?" asked Thor, his voice was boisterous as always, but the glow in his smile revealed the thick sarcasm behind his words.
Tony let out a silent breath, allowing the weight of the hand and the weight of his decision sink in. Everything from before, and now this on top. The world really was out to crush him. Maybe Steve did him a favor. If he was angry at Tony, maybe he would be too busy to be sad when Tony disappointed the world, collapsed from exhaustion, and never moved again. It would certainly save Steve the tears. Might even save Steve too.
Tony shook off the gruesome thought and forced himself forward through the sea of people. He had to find Steve. He had to protect Steve, or at least explain that he wasn’t the bad guy. The guys who destroyed his heart were the bad guys. The guys who hurt Steve were the bad guys. Tony was the good guy.
“Bucky!” Steve’s voice was filled with panicked desperation. The figure in the distance darted over to an unmoving body lying by a large cluster of fractured cement. “Hang on Bucky. Everything is going to be okay.”
Tony lifted up his sunglasses, admiring how the beads of ocean water made Steve sparkle like the stars. It was a good look for Steve. Made Tony wish their peaceful vacation could last forever. “Having fun?” he asked as Steve got close.
“Friend of a friend.” Tony turned his attention back to the wires. Why did this construction require so many connections? The next project he chose to work on, definitely less complicated. Something easy and simple with no wires. Maybe a sandwich.
“And pay all that money so we could talk all day?” Steve tried not to laugh at the ridiculous idea. “As much as I enjoy our chats, I don’t have that type of money.”
Stane smiled. “You know Victor, he likes to gab as long as he can hold breath. I’ll stop by the lab next time I’m free and then we can talk.”
“Home,” replied Tony, breathing in the rich smell of leather. He reached for the change of clothes Pepper had prepared for him earlier that day. A charcoal  grey suit and red silk tie. Perfect for taking over the world. “And schedule time to come back next Tuesday. We’ve got a lot to do if we want to make the territory ours.”
“No! I wanna see!” Tony held it over his head like a child. Even a head shorter than Steve, Tony was somehow able to keep the newsprint out of reach.
"Yeah.” Sam smiles that little crooked grin of his. “Hey new guy, how would you feel about doing a rum run with me?" he asked with a wink.
Like all good jazz; it starts off as a mess, get's itself organized, and then explodes in a burst of noise that we like to call music.
Warm. That feeling slowly sunk down into the darkness of his psyche. The person touching his was warm. They weren’t AIM’s cold, rubber fingers brandishing their claim across his skin. It wasn’t the dry, rough hands of a working man caked in desert sand. This person was warm, and familiar, and...
The suit he wore was nice. A gently worn tweed jacket and trousers hugged his body and kept out the occasional nip of spring air (and considering the times, it looked in good condition). A miss-matched cap hid what looked like a mess of dark curls and a brilliant pair of brown eyes.
The resulting clatter of the metal falling was ear shattering. The bits of the wall crumbling on top of it all was cringe worthy. Tony’s breath was short and sporadic.  His eyes were wide and wild from the rant. He tried to calm himself by leaning on a metal table, but the tremors from his body made the table shudder under his weight. Tony tried to breathe. He tried to take deep calming breath like Bruce had taught him, but it was useless. His lungs felt small and tight. The unnatural weight in his chest felt like it was pushing in all the wrong places. He needed to calm down. He needed air. Why wouldn’t his body accept the air?
“Hey! Look guys!” Bucky called from one of the long, darkened aisles of crates. “I found a robot!” The excitement in his voice was eerily similar to the blinding smile on Bucky’s face when he got that wooden truck for Christmas years ago.
Tony frowned as he mulled it over. He didn’t look happy. But when Tony finally looked up and locked eyes with Steve, his face was filled with determination. He wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist (they only went halfway around, he was so petite) and whispered into Steve’s ear. “Promise me you won’t let me go, okay?”
“Really Bucky? Was that necessary?” asked Steve as he passed his best friend and right hand man hidden between the tight of the brick walls.
The song that Tony was listening to is by Dizzy Gillespie. He began his career in the mid to late 1930's, but didn't become famous for bebop until the 1940's. This song came out around 1944 (so I'm really messing with history) but I really think Tony would listen to this kind of music. There's a link in the story as well as a
A few feet away from the desk was a cabinet filled with spirits as well as a small bar counter. Tony walked over to the cabinet and pulled out two bottles, both half full of alcohol. The one with a long neck was filled with a liquid so clear and pure it looked like water. The second bottle was fancier and clearly more expensive. A beautiful amber whiskey lapped the inside the textured glass like waves.
Steve sighed, the tension surging back into his broad shoulders. “Just because we’ve hit a dry spell doesn’t mean we have money problems.”
Muffled by the helmet and woefully limited by the small eye slots, Tony spotted a red headed woman duck behind a makeshift barricade where the thieves were making their last stand.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut and shoved the fruit into his mouth in one go. His faces soured as he ate the strawberry, grimacing with each crunch.
“I was going to tell you the day of the drop,” Rhodey said, trying to defend himself. “But Rescue said unless it was life or death-”
A limping Bucky tried to approach them, but Steve just growled as he pressed his paw into Tony’s back.
“Go away,” Tony said into his arms. He squeezed his legs closer to his chest, trying to make himself smaller.
Bruce swore under his breath and ran a frustrated hand through his curly hair. “Think of it as an investment.  Loose a little now, gain a heck of a lot more later,” insisted Bruce. “The Iron Family is very busy at this point in time, and as much as you don’t care for War Machine, we were the only ones available to accommodate you per Iron Man’s request. Once we check your stuff with the other members of the inner circle, we can further discuss details regarding perchance and delivery date.”
Steve blinked in confusion. “What are you talking about Tony? I thought we were…” Steve’s strong, warm fingers reached out and ghosted over Tony’s arm. He jerked away, the heat searing into his body.
Just a reminder, active writing and editing will be put on hold until further notice. Stomach pains have subsided, but I'm still being careful and cautious with my health. Chapter 5 will be posted on schedule, but I'm unsure about anything after that. Still intend on finishing.
“It’s not really locked. It’s just a rumor we spread around so people don’t go looking where they’re not supposed to.” The look on her face told Tony that she didn’t believe a word he said.
“Nope,” Tony said, popping the word with a smug smile. “Calling it now. Today’s the first day I’ve ever made you laugh.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “Can’t be a brilliant tactician if all I think about is work. Gotta keep a clear mind, keep my options open.”
Steve’s heart skipped a beat. His cheeks turned hot as all other eyes in the room turned their attention to the naive child.
Tony fell to the ground with an undignified “oof.” He looked up just in time to see a row of sharp teeth come at him. He rolled away with just seconds to spare as the other wolf darted between them.
The wrinkles in Sam's brow deepened, but Steve saw hope when Sam ruffled his short dark curls with his fingers, as if doing so would loosen the right answers, or his tongue. "One guy," he finally said. "One guy, five shops, and a Tommy in each hand. That's the word from the rumor mill."
Tony frowned. Where had that come from? Tony had only talked about Steve in passing to Rhodes. Right? “War Machine, do you have something you’d care to share with the class?”
Tony nodded. He knew the feeling all too well. “Let me see your hands. I want to see the damage,” Tony said as he stood up.
Steve was by his side within seconds. His hands clasped Tony’s shoulders and he tried to stabilize the man. “You shouldn’t be pushing yourself. We have no idea what AIM did to you.”
“Yes we do, but we don’t tells Mr. Ross that,” Tony said, beaming with pride at his little trouble maker. “Now, go put on your tutu. Steve’s going to take you to ballet practice.”
“What are you doing? Help me get ‘em in,” he snapped at Steve’s crew. They were just standing around watching as he and Happy did all the hard work. Wasn’t this their friend that was injured? Did
Jane took a step back. "The Tony Stark?" she asked, mouth agape. She didn’t seem to mind that Tony hadn’t accepted the neutral gesture.
“No, I won’t,” said Steve. “I knew what I was getting into when I asked you out on our first date. It was after that battle with the Wrecking Crew, remember? You had your helmet on when I asked you out. When you said yes and flew off, I was sure you didn’t hear me correctly because you barely reacted.”
“Ah hem,” a familiar voice crackled over Tony’s radio. “As much as I enjoy listening to you two bicker, kiss, and make up, we have bigger problems on our hands.”
Tony sprinted around the corner. Before Rumlow could release the energy, Tony shot that bastard in the back with just enough force to send the large man crumpling to his knees with a loud thump.
Steve’s mouth fell slack as he searched for the right words. “Tony’s not… That’s not…” Tony had just let out a waterfall of emotion and there was too much to unpack at once. Dammit Howard. How could you do this to your own son?
Steve looked at Tony, his face downright confused at Steve’s wonder. But there was something else. At that moment, Tony looked more than confused, he looked tired. He looked so tired and alone. Like the weight of the world was riding on his shoulders and he was about to pass out from the weight. On the exterior, Tony looked strong, ready to throw his swagger wherever he pleased. But on the inside, underneath all that, his soul was crying out for a moment’s rest. How did Steve not notice before? The puffy bags under his eyes, the weariness in his shoulders. Steve’s chest clenched. He understood the pressure all too well, and it hurt too much.
Tony rolled his eyes. He bent down under the fryer and resumed his maintenance check on the various valves and knobs that were inevitably loosened during the long drive over the European mountainside. “Jan, need I remind you that we are a mobile donut truck for the military. We go from military outpost to military outpost with the goal of lifting these men’s spirits through food. We have no regulars.”
His voice dropped to a volume that only Tony could hear. Stane’s shoulder’s sagged, and his eyes betrayed true grievance. “Your father’s suicide personally weighs heavily on my heart. Sometimes, I wonder if I could have done anything to prevent him from jumping out that window. But with the fallout from the crash, nobody had much time to think of the consequences. Everyone did what they thought was right at the time.”
The building Tony worked in was bigger and shinier than anything else around Midtown. Hundreds, maybe thousands, of windows sparkled in the light against the light brown of the brick building surface. An endless stream of well pressed suits ran in and out of the revolving front entrance doors. Everyone seemed in such a rush, it scared Steve to think that Tony worked with all this. They looked so professional, so much unlike him. Maybe he should have changed his clothes before coming here. There was a hand-me-down brow suit in their closet. Might be a bit small in the shoulder, but anything would be better than a rubble encrusted jacket and un-pressed slacks.
“It is,” Tony said, trying to look as upset as possible. “I finally get to spend time with Captain America and all I have to wear is this silly medical shirt.
Steve chuckled at Tony's plead, but he didn't move. “Can’t. This little guy climbed into my lap and refuses to let go.”
He pulled and pulled, putting every ounce of strength he could muster into breaking the ice. Eventually, the iceberg let out a low groan. The fissure grew deeper and longer. Tony pulled at the crack one last time and the whole thing fell apart in his hands.
Steve’s brain slowly began to process the situation and realize how bad in an idea it was. "What? No. Sam, we can't have a civilian running around." There was absolutely no way Steve was going to let Tony get in harm’s way. Especially with Hydra out there and all up in arms.
Steve looked at the door in complete disbelief. He could hardly believe Dr. Banner wouldn’t let him in. Steve tried the doorknob. Locked. He pushed against the wood with his shoulder. The door didn’t budge. Steve took a few steps away from the door, completely baffled. Why would the doctor shut him out? Steve just wanted to help. Bucky was his best friend. Steve should be by his side, making sure everything was okay. Instead, he was out here, barred by a flimsy wooden door that refused to open.
Tony’s face scrunched up in scrutiny. Steve didn’t need to look to see theories and possibilities whizzing through Tony’s mind like ricocheting bullets. “I can ask the Iron Family to protect you-”
Clint shoved his hands in his pockets and hunched over. “And somebody called a hit on the Engineer, so if we happen to find the baster who did it, ain’t no big thing if we happen to knock ‘em over.”
“Will have my own, not yet. And it’s nothing, really. I’m just an engineer,” said Tony, looking away from Steve. Wait a minute, was he embarrassed?
Steve weighed the present in his hands. It was light for its large size, but still had some bulk to it. The larger present was rectangular in shape, but there were some smaller bumps shifting around inside of indeterminable shape. With adept fingers, he slowly separated the paper from the tape. As he pulled the paper off to reveal the gift, Steve’s mouth dropped open. All he could do was look at the thing and take it all in.
Tony let out a heavy sigh. “No, not yet. I’ve got FRIDAY running some numbers in the background, but it’s going to take a while. It’s been ages since I’ve been kidnapped and I’m still a bit shaken up. Plus, great science can’t be done all in one night.”
Steve crawled back up Tony’s chest and kissed him with blowjob-red lips. Tony groaned as Steve slipped some of Tony’s own seed into his mouth. A little bitter, but fuck it tasted good coming off of Steve’s tongue. Tony held Steve’s hips in place as he tried to rut against Steve’s thigh with his softening cock. Tony was still a bit tired, but it was the good kind. Steve had sucked all the stress and fatigue of his body out through his cock, leaving Tony a pliant mess on the sheets. “You taste like rainbows and sunshine,” Tony muttered as Steve broke the kiss.
Steve looked at Tony. He wanted to believe him. Tony’s power was real and his conviction was contagious. But fixing a broken heart was different than mending a damaged arm. Could he do it? Steve wanted to believe him. He wanted to trust him. The question was, could Steve do that after everything that’s happened to them? After all the lies and deceit on both sides, could Steve Rogers really trust Tony Stark?
Steve didn’t find it as funny as Tony. “Cut it out,” he said, gently cuffing Tony upside the head. “Don’t go putting crazy thoughts in his head.”
He tossed the fish in a bucket of seawater and set his supplies down in the sand with a muffled thump as he settled down on the chair by Tony’s side. Steve propped his arms up on the armrest and just watched Tony calculate his way through the numbers.
Steve closed his wide blue eyes and just let his head hang between his legs for a minute. His shocked slack face slowly morphed into a strained, but relieved laugh. “Honestly,” gasped Steve, letting his head roll back, “I don’t know which I want to do more; punch you for being an utter asshole, or kiss you because I’m so damn happy that you’re safe.”
The crowd erupted with energy. Steve squeezed his crossed arms in an attempt to hold his anger at bay. “Maybe we should,” muttered Steve. “Teach this Nazi lover a lesson once and for all.”
Oh. That. Steve felt his heart sink into his stomach. “So, that’s all I am to you. A useful tool to do your dirty work.”
Tony let out a heavy sigh. He knelt down to the ground so he and his past self could look each other in the eye. “Look, kid," he said. "I’m sorry I yelled. I’m not mad at you. It’s just ... It's one thing to remember how I acted in the past and another to see it in person. Seeing you repeat my mistakes in front of my friends, mistakes that I've learned from, it's embarrassing. But I never should have taken my feeling out on you. So, sorry. I haven't been acting right and that's my fault. Not yours.”
Tony stopped shuffling through papers. That bit was not ignorable. “Friends” droping in “unexpectedly” was never a good thing in their line of work. And Tony wasn’t thinking about his work at Stark Industires.
A loud crack of gunfire ripped through the air. Tony redid his working gauntlet. “Time to show those Nazi bastards how it’s done.”
Stane didn’t answer. The enduring din of machines and metal over the phone line was about to make Tony sick. He didn’t want this. This was the last thing he wanted to deal with. As he began formulating a plan to drive down himself and destroy the shop once and for all, a loud silence took over the line.
Steve had walked out into the ocean with nothing but some scuba gear, swimming trunks on his ass, and a spear in hand. He claimed that he could catch fish the old-fashioned way. Tony doubted it. Why bother when they had perfectly good food in the fridge, but Steve had insisted. Either way, Tony found it amusing. Whenever Steve popped out from the water, he’d wave his empty stick for Tony, and then dove back down for another try.
Sam walked over to the sink and turned on the water. The exposed pipes creaked and rumbled as clean water raced out of the tap. Steve put his hand under the water and just as quickly pulled it back. It was cold. Ice cold.
“Fine.” Steve verbally pushed back, ignoring Tony’s complaint. “You take Bucky and I do the responsible thing and take Tony home.”
But as he gasped for air and grasped for words, he realized it was too late for that. It was true, whether Steve admitted it or not. And saying it or not saying it wouldn’t change the fact that it was true.
Steve could physically see Tony skid to a stop when he broke through Tony’s train of thought. Was he shaking? God, what had Tony been through to react like this? It was only an apology for a silly little thing. Well, it wasn’t silly to Steve, but that didn’t matter at the moment. What mattered was Tony, and Tony was in pain right now.
“Yeah, I don’t blame you,” Steve said with a heavy sigh, trying his hardest to hide his disappointment.
They stood in silence as the gold numbers above the door blinked on and off with a soft chime. “So, how do you know Tony?” asked Ms. Pots.
“Because once you sent those people home, they may never come back!” Stane bellowed at the top of his lungs.
“Because if he wakes up, we don’t want him to be armed and I sure as hell ain’t going into a gun fight without a weapon,” Steve said, pulling back the safety with a satisfying “click”
“Stay with me Tony,” he murmured, as he rushed them away from the four groaning bodies as fast as he could. As they made their escape, Tony spotted a fifth unconscious body with a purple arrow sticking out of their back. Steve took them down a dark alleyway, and Tony noticed many more long purple sticks sticking out of various objects and people. Despite the darkness he could see the remains of a dense gas dissipating into the night.
Tony shook his head, smile still on his face. “Nah. I already gave them ridiculous nicknames to get ‘em back. Good pal of mine James Rhodes. Met him while I was at college, call him Rhodey. Hated when I first started calling him that, but it stuck. And I got this gal, Pepper, her first name is Virginia of all things. Why her parents name her that, I will never know. But, she’s got the prettiest peppering of freckles over her face, couldn’t help myself when I saw her. She hates it, good god she almost slapped me when I called her that for the first time. But what can I say, my charming personality wore her down.”
Tony’s fingers stopped moving. “Does it matter?” He tried to sound as emotionally removed as possible.
“Okay, fine! But don’t come crying to me when you get a stomach ache,” Tony groused as he pulled the cheese off his breakfast. Once the patty was free, he carefully slipped the morsel of meat through the bars and before Tony could even blink, the wolf snatched the sausage out of his fingers and gobbled it down.
Steve let out a painfully forced laugh and rolled his eyes to the sky. “That’s the least of our problems.”
Rescue nodded and sent a blast straight into the far blockade. That was as close to a “Be careful Tony,”
Steve leaned down and kissed Tony’s exposed forehead. “Really. You’ve been so busy lately. It feels like I barely see you anymore.”
Tony groaned in exhausted apathy. “You have a meeting with Victor this evening. We’ll talk when you get back.”
“Are you kidding? If I was into paintings I would absolutely hire you. You should have your own exhibit.”
Tony glanced over his shoulder and saw the wolf pacing back and forth at the edge of the enclosure; watching them, waiting patiently for the first sign of weakness. “Honestly, I don’t know. But you know me, I love a challenge.”
Steve must have heard because he turned around and glared at the car as it squealed to life and shot off into the dark. “I’m going after him.”
Short stuff wasn’t convinced. “But I was training really hard! What about running around the house six times? And our weights? What happened to them?”
“Meaning something and having something are two different things Bruce,” he muttered under his breath. “I don’t know if you’ve looked at my life recently, but I can’t have nice things. I’ve done too much bad to have anything nice from this world. Whatever we have, and I honestly don’t know if we have it, I’m sure it will fade soon enough.”
“Look,” Tony said, his voice tight as he tried to contain the panic rising in his chest. “I know you two don’t get it, but can we please keep quiet about my romantic interest. Yes, you guys are okay with me bedding men. Not everybody else is. The only reason I can get away with it here is because nobody cares what I do in private. There’s a war going on and nobody has the time nor the energy to care.
"Lay it on me Sam," he said, trying again. "I'm the boss here. You know I gotta know no matter what."
Relief crossed Steve’s face. “Good. Hey, um…” He looked down and did that adorable feet shuffle Tony had seen the first day they met. “Feel free to stop by any time you want. I feel bad kicking you out like this.” Steve's focus darted over to Beefcake McGoldilocks. The constant rubbing of his hands screamed worry and mother hen instinct. Tony could take a hint.
Those few words made the shaking stop. Tony’s face brightened a little at the gesture, and it made Steve’s heart hurt more. Just a few words made all the difference? What the hell? What type of people had he been spending time with? He wanted to do more to help Tony. Could he do more? Didn't matter. He would do more.
The blanket rustled and suddenly, a large, fuzzy ear popped up and twitched in the cool morning air.
“Locations might be good,” voiced Pepper. All eyes turned to her. “I’ve been going through the papers; receipts, shipping documents, meeting notes, employee records, and I think I’m beginning to see a pattern.”
Tony swam away, furiously running though calculations in his head. A little over five meters of solid ice needing X amounts of force to break. He knew his average acceleration, but that was before the RT weighed him down. Would affect his mass, for better and for worse. But would it be enough to break through the ice? No. Wrong question. It had to be enough. It had to be.
“If you actually listen to what he's saying, yeah. Most of the people at his rallies are too dumb to question what he’s preaching.”
Stane laughed. “Always the joker, Tony. But we’re glad to have you back. Stark Industries hasn’t been the same since the crash. After your father-”
“I’ll tell Carol to round us up some customers and be back in a flash,” chirped Jan. She opened the back door of the truck. Just as she was about to step out, Jan paused and turned around.
“Exactly,” replied Steve, holding his ground. He was the leader of the Brooklyn Boys. It would take more than a word or two to make him back down.
“Being handled Mr. Schmidt,” Rumlow assured his boss. But even he glanced at the dimming light suspiciously.
Steve smiled silently. Good old Jane Foster playing along with their antics. They were lucky such a pretty doll like her fit in so well with their little disaster of a family.
War Machine released a blast of energy. At the last second, Bucky pushed Steve out of the way, diving behind broken parts for cover. Steve fell face first into another blanket of dust as he felt the hairs on the back of his neck burn at the intense pressure.
Not thinking about the consequences, Tony ran out from under his cover. He had to get to Steve. Steve seemed to be holding them off for now, strong fists mercilessly battering them back, but he didn’t know how much longer Steve could last. Three or four Hydra boys for every one of Steve’s, the odds weren’t looking good.
Steve mouthed unexplainable emotions as he tried to make sense of it all. “Overwhelmed is one,” he said honestly. Seeing Tony all proper and business like, and the swanky place he worked, Steve didn’t understand how Tony could resist bragging about it to every soul he met. All flash, bang, boom; most people would kill for a position like Tony’s. “Why didn’t you feel you could tell me?”
Clint wasn’t given the codename “Hawkeye” for nothing. And that’s exactly what it was, nothing. Tony just had to stick to it. “Barton, now would be a good time to shut up,” warned Tony. ‘Smooth Stark. Don’t say anything that could be misinterpreted. Why not give them another reason to leave you high and dry.’
"And we will Steve," reassured Sam. "But we gotta do it quite like. Hands like those don't hesitate for little guys like us."
“Steve makes everything better. That’s how I survived the past two weeks. I’d get stuck with a problem, and then by some miracle Steve would call and make it all better.” He smiled at the memory. Steve had been so helpful, and now he knew how. The bitter truth of Steve’s disappointment assaulted Tony’s heart. He sniffed and forced the tears back, trying to focus on something good.
“When you’re human again,” Tony promised. Steve’s ears perked up and Tony couldn’t help but smile as he saw hope reappear in the wolf’s eyes. “When you’re human, I’ll let you out and you can badger me as much as your heart desires.”
“You can’t.” Bruce absolutely could not see ‘grease monkey’ without Steve knowing about it. And Steve absolutely could not know about this.
Steve slipped a hand between them and pressed a single finger to Tony’s lips. “Maybe later. Right now, I have plans.”
Tony rolled his eyes. As far as he was concerned, the discussion never happened and would never be brought up again. “What you got for me Brucie bear?”
Steve loosened his shoulders, trying to make as light of the situation as he could. “Just don’t knock me for saying the Brooklyn Dodgers are leagues better than the New York Yankees,” he said with a carefree grin.
“You’re going to have to be more specific, Jan. We met a lot of people in France,” said Tony, feigning ignorance.
The hairs on the back of Tony’s neck bristled. “None of your business Obie.” Tony’s words were brusque.
God Tony hated that word. Pepper was so much more that that, not that he would ever say it aloud. “Yes?”
“Rhodey? Really?” asked Steve. “I though Pepper would have been the one to insist on a traditional wedding.”
“Steve?” Sam appeared, limping out from behind one of the brick walls that had survived the attack. Sam's already dark face was marred with dirt tracks, and his dark curly hair was heavily dusted in gray concrete dust. Steve didn't even want to think what he looked like.
With the press of a button, Pepper removed her helmet so she could give him the familiar glare of disbelief.  Nothing needed to be said. The two had done this same song and dance enough times that they had memorized each other’s lines.
“I mean… if you’re not opposed to it,” Tony said with a smile. “But maybe after you’ve put on some clothes.”
Steve blinked and stepped in shock. The weight of the words drenching his defensiveness with ice water. “Your family?”
Steve rushed off without another word and Tony was left to sit in shock. Steve had kissed him. Actually properly fucking kissed him. He sat on the pavement in shock. For all intents and purposes, time had stopped for Tony. The physical pain had long been forgotten in lieu of emotional embarrassment.
Not but a few yards away from Iron Man’s new toy, a groan came from a human shaped, grey pile of metal.
Tony swam down, prepared to push long forgotten garbage to the surface. But when it finally came into view, he gasped.
As soon as the door closed behind Stane, Tony’s posture shifted. He sat up straighter. And the playful glint in his eyes disappeared. He slicked back his hair with one hand before loosening his red tie. “Talk to me Pep. Any bugs in the system?”
Tony was still in shock as his friends locked down the windows from the outside. “What just happened?”
Steve’s brow furrowed. ‘What was that about?’ he wondered. However, his curiosity was quickly forgotten when War Machine sauntered over to his side. Steve stiffened, barely even breathing, as if the smallest movement would set the robot off. But nothing happened. War Machine, just stood next to Steve, crossed his arms, and watched the operation proceed as smooth as normal.
And yet, there was a small voice in the back of Steve’s head chastising him for being a hypocrite. A tiny voice reminding him of the mission and what would happen if he didn’t get Tony’s help. For the sake of the gang. It only made the guilt sink further into his stomach.
Joyful madness gripped Rumlow’s eyes. Encouraged by Tony’s reaction, he thrust his hand into the cavity and dug his fingers into the warm metal.
“Tony.” Pepper pushed her fingers to her temple. There was that look for the second time today. Tony was on a roll.
“Nope. Never murder. I’m way too smart to be caught for that,” Tony said with a wink. “But, I might have to turn you in for theft.”
“Where do you think you’re going, you little piece of Spic shit?” spat Rumlow as he shook off the remains of his bindings.
That's all the chapters for this year. Hope you don't mind the cliff hanger. I've got five Christmas fics in various stages of production, so I want to focus on getting those done before the holidays hit. Keep an eye out for them if you're interested.
“This dump that you clearly live in. God I’m an idiot! Don’t listen to me. No, wait. Listen to me and slap me if I say something stupid like that again. Then again, don’t because if that was true Pepper would have slapped me five ways ‘till Sunday by now. God Tony, can you ramble more than you already do? I mean, I know I ramble when I’m working on stuff, or when I’m nervous, or when I’m drunk-”
He looked up at Pepper, eyes serious. “Did you know he’s an artist? He drew me a couple of times. It was really good. Shoulda’ seen him Pep. Looked at me like I was the moon and stars.” His eyes drifted up to the ceiling, lost in thought. “I don’t know much about art, but when I looked at the final product, there was so much warmth in what he made. Made me think that, for a second, he actually cared.”
The iceberg shattered like a mirror. Fragments broke off and fell down to the dark ocean floor. But one particular fragment remained intact.
Taking a deep breath, he approached the young woman at the reception desk. “Hi,” he said, swearing to anyone who heard that his voice did not squeak. “I’m looking for Tony,”
Just as Bruce was about to leave, Tony remembered something very important he wanted to ask about. "What does shortness of breath mean?”
Steve forgot they had been using it as an expensive drying rack. “Broke down last fall. Never got around to having it fixed. Don’t have the money.”
“Well,” Bruce criticized. “If you put it in a certain light, it really does look like a love letter. A very messed up letter.”
Rhodey glared at Steve. “You know I still don’t trust you, right? After all the bullshit you pulled with the Accords, I don’t trust you to take care of either of them.”
Even if they met up again, despite Tony’s intentions to keep his distance, Steve would always be in danger. Tony’s name, the mafia family, the company, his money, the arms that he sold, they would all be reason to use Steve as leverage to get to Tony. Heaven knew what his angry rivals would do make Steve talk if they got their cold sweat hands on him. Tony had certainly employed a few unpleasant techniques in vengeance against the Ten Rings Gang. Torture, kidnaping, starvation, interrogation; he couldn’t do that to Steve no matter how strong the temptation to return the kiss. Tony had to stay focused on the mission. It was the only way he could protect those he cared about.
“The world and the nation will continue to punish us based off our heritage unless we act. Unless we tell them no. Unless we tell them, ‘No more!’ ‘No more will I stand to be taken advantage of!’ ‘No more will my nation and my people be responsible for the mistakes of the past.’ ‘No more will I find shame in the fact that I am German!’ Stand behind Hitler, brothers and sisters! He will lead us to victory! He will be the savior of Germany! He is our leader. He is our Fuehrer!”
Steve closed his eyes and let out a heavy groan. “I know it’s not right, but I really, really want to break his neck.”
“No, should I?” He was beginning to get the feeling that he really should know what the hell was going on.
Steve watched with a smile as long as he could. He waited a few seconds after Tony rounded a corner before returning to the light from the alley.
Scmnidt, to his small credit, sorted in amusement. “The only thing I trust you with is a mission; everything and everyone in this place, I want you to burn it to the ground.”
“Yes, it is!” insisted Steve. ”You have a business card. That means a permanent contract! Who else would celebrate with you? Pepper? Rhodey?”
“Don’t worry Tony. I took it to R&D to have them refine it,” Stane replied with careless confidence.
Steve nodded and they parted ways. He sauntered over to a bench overlooking a sandbox and the kid’s playground, and flopped down with a sigh.
“Had to pay a hefty fee for offing three perfectly good pigs, but I don’t mind. Least I could do for some justice since Natasha decided to take care of Fisk herself,” Tony said, sliding himself down onto the dirt.
Realization hit Steve like a steam train. Wait, hadn’t Natasha found work in California? Was something wrong?
Tony stared at Rumlow in stunned silence as smoke hissed of the man’s back and slithered up into the rafters. “What the hell was that about Steve?” Tony asked between shallow gasps. “You could have been killed.”
That was the last straw. In one swift move, Steve had pinned the up guy up against the brick wall.  Steve had his forearm at the guy’s throat and a blade poking into the soft flesh of Joe’s belly. The guy didn’t even flinch.
“He's wearing an expensive suit, not slacks and suspenders.” Rhodey drummed his fingers against crossed arms. “Means he shouldn't be getting his orders through the grapevine like some low level goon.”
“Now, let’s try this again.” Tony ground the heel of his boot into the man’s fingers. The man screamed, but Tony didn’t bat an eye. “Who sold you those weapons?”
Tony stared at the rag for a minute in complete silence. He opened and closed his mouth like a fish, trying to find his words again. “I’m going to kill him,” he finally said with disbelief. “I’m going to kill him, you’re going to help me hid the body, and nobody will be the wiser.”
“I thought,” Steve started, trying to get a grip on the situation. “I thought that Iron Man had kidnapped you and was going to kill you,” Steve said, rubbing his thumb against Tony’s jaw line. It feels strange to have the gentle touch muted by the short well-kept beard. Not a bad strange. The good kind of strange. The kind of strange that had him cupping a metal clad glove over Steve’s hand as Tony leaned into the touch. “I thought I’d had to come save you before it was too late.”
Tony’s mind quickly filled with numbers and facts as Steve dragged him through the maze of metal aisles and away from the crazy man with the glowing hand. He carefully counted the seconds and analyzed the way the light dimmed leaving a small inch of red embers in its wake. He noticed how the machinery reacted when Steve threw any small inconvenience at the weapon. Pistons squealed in protest as their pursuer shot blast after blast at the heels of their feet.
Tony heard her mentally groan. “I’ll see what I can do to keep him out of the shop. If you need me, I’ll be buried up to my ears in paperwork. ”
Tony lost his shit. “Because I’m the guy who’s going to save your friend!” he yelled at the two dunderheads. “That right there was a Jericho missile. Only one person has ever survived a hit from that and you’re looking at him, right now. Everyone else; dead on the spot or gone by the end of the week. This man helped keep me alive. You want Barnes to live; you trust me and you do what I say.”
“Nothing,” said Tony as he hastily tried to push himself up a little higher. “I just need to find Steve.”
“Maybe later. He’s got enough on his mind without having to worry about the fact that she’s missing” Sam whispered back.
which was so much fun to do. Second, I'm attempting to change careers, so that's hell in a basket to tackle. Third, and no so much fun, my grandmother passed away in May. I'm still in the process of grieving, so until further notice, I'll be working on
“Oh, I already know that,” said Tony. “Aunt Peggy works with guns all the time and she’s really good with them.”
“Then I will do my absolute best to forget,” he said with a wave over his shoulder as he and Pepper walked out the lab and to the elevator.
“In pain? No,” answered Tony with a shy smile. “It’s all numb now. Nerve damage from the bomb and the surgery. Couldn’t be helped.”
“About before, just between the three of us; I bet Tony half a pack of cigarettes tall, blond, and beautiful asks for him before we leave.”
While it felt like hours, the robot eventually retracted back into a neutral stance. Sensing a calm from the robot, Bruce let his hands drop slowly with a deep sigh. “We don’t have any problems with vagrants, do we War Machine?” It was more of a challenging statement than a question.
Jan and Natasha were on the makeshift dance floor, currently entertaining the drunken soldiers as an old phonograph played music from a more innocent age. Jan was dancing to her heart’s content with three guys filled to the gills with alcohol. Natasha was engaged in an intense game of poker and, by the look of her pile of coins, booze, cigarettes, and other shiny trinkets, she was winning. Carol had found a quiet corner, away from the rambunctious noise, and was in deep conversation with a man who looked shell shocked. Tony couldn’t hear what they were saying, but he recognized the signs; twitchy fingers, bloodshot eyes, a general instability to calm down. But with each understanding nod, the man looked calmer and Carol’s smile grew bigger.
“Not on my watch you faggy bitch!” Rumlow’s hand shot out from his prone form. With a sharp tug, Rumlow pulled Tony’s leg out from under him. Tony yelped and fell down like a tree.
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve saw a suspicious black car pull up alongside. Someone rolled down the window as if to talk to them. Steve was about to stop and investigate, when his eye caught the glint of a barrel slightly larger than a cue stick.
“We have all the newest toys, and some that haven’t reached the market," said Stane, opening a large mahogany door to an even larger room. "If you need anything, just ask.”
Tony only glimpsed the end of the fight as Steve let out a battle cry and shoved the assaulter’s face into a brick wall. It’s almost pitiful seeing the guy flail about as Steve ran him headlong into every hard surface he could get his hands on.
Tony staggered back, surprised that Steve would push him away after everything they’d been through. Tony took a cautious step forward, ready to try again when he noticed something in his hand. Between his fingers was a large clump of grey and gold fur.
“Too fucking bad Obie,” snapped Tony. Hours of working tirelessly in the lab, and the drain from interacting with people under a pleased façade had taken its toll. “You wasted my time by sending that arm into production when I specifically told you not to do that. Do you know how many hours I’ve spent trying to clean up your mess?”
Dr. Banner led them through the loading docks and down to a well-lit basement. He opened a heavy looking door and ushered the two gurneys in.
“Everything,” he said, trying his best not to shed a tear. His voice cracked instead. “He was really mad.”
The escort back was slow and quiet. Steve probably didn’t even know where they’re going. He certainly didn’t ask for an address. Not that Tony would give him one. He wanted to keep Steve as far away from the truth as possible. Both Stark Industries and the Iron Family. The named had slipped out one too many times, and he liked that Steve was clueless about who he was spending time with. It made their time together all the more special for Tony knowing that Steve was content spending time with him as a person and not wooing him for his money.
Immediately, Tony knew he had the wrong man. He may only have memories of light finger touches, but the muscles Tony felt under his fingers, the coarseness of the hair on the man’s arm, there was no way that this man was Tony’s Steve. He didn’t even wait for the man to turn around before pushing him out the door and on his way. Tony had already lost enough time waiting for the elevator. Now was no time to dwell on which wrong arm he had touched in his haste.
Sam looked doubtful that something was amiss, but from the hand on sawtooth blade, didn’t look like he was taking any chances.
He curled in on himself. “I tried to go after him. I really did. But I couldn’t find him. I wasn’t fast enough. I wasn’t strong enough. Story of my life I guess.”
“Did you see it?” asked the kid, incessantly tugging on Natasha’s sleeve. “I kissed him. That means I married Captain America!”
Tony, still speechless, squeezed the doll between the fingers. The doll bend in half but never lost his confident, sewed on smile. He gingerly ran his fingers along every seam, from the top of Cap’s cowl to the bottom of his red boots. When he was done, Tony looked up at Clint. “I love it,” he whispered.
Silently, Tony watched them drive off. When the car was a few klicks away, he got into the back of the van with Steve. Happy closed the doors on them with a somber nod, banged on the back door, and off they went.
“Hawkeye, hold your position. Keep an eye out for stragglers. I don’t want anything larger than a nut leaving this area.”
It took a moment for everything to sink in, but when it did, Steve was mortified. What in the world had he agreed to? There was no way in hell Tony would ever agree to do something this crazy and illegal in the stupid wee hours of the night. His eyes darted to Tony for some sort of repelled reaction, but Tony was strangely calm. He didn’t look the least bit bothered that he was asked to go on a rum run (maybe he didn’t realize what a rum run was) and he looked almost pleased at the prospect that Steve was taking him.
Tony smiled, and this time, that familiar twinkle reaches his eyes. “Not anymore,” he said, voice soft and reverent. “But I sure as hell made those bastards who hurt me experience every bit of pain I felt during surgery.”
“Would this perchance be the railroad conductor you were talking about yesterday?” asked Thor, leaning up against the wall of their hiding spot.
That’s how Obie found him, tangled up in a knotted mess of wires, loud and crazy jazz bellowing out of his gramophone. Admist the mess, Tony could faintly hear Obie trying to be yell over the loud music. Tony ignored him. He had gotten really good at it over the years. The unconventional jazz helped with that too.
“Out at the moment I’m afraid,” Tony said, relieved that the question didn’t require him to think much. “I can make some more if you’re willing to wait a bit. I promise I’ll be worth it.”
The two covered their heads as the rata-tat-tat of Tommies ripped through the air. The cart barely acted as a protective barrier as wood splintered in the air and fruit exploded like bombs.
Bucky raised an eyebrow. “Deal go bad, I take it?” Bucky asked, finally getting why Steve was so angry. Normally Schmit's rants wouldn't rile Steve up enough to for him to start with insults and threats. But today-
Tony peaked out from beneath his arms like a child hiding from his parents. Not a single hint of anger or disgust in their eyes. If anything, Clint even looked slightly guilty. It made his heart melt a little. Only a little. “I still like girls Pep,” he mumbled.
A stout chauffuer pulled up to the curb of a rundown shop in the Lower Eastside. It was a nice little shop with a now beat up black door and a Victorian style window with the glass shot out to the right. But, if asked, the neighbors would say the shop had seen better days. Last Tuesday was a particularly good day for the shop. It was the day before the shop and all its occupants and product were ventilated by a tall creature that called itself War Machine.
About three fourths of the team was already gathered in the kitchen in various stages of dress and alertness. Vision was making an omelet with lots of spices which he was definitely not going to eat. A spoon surrounded by a red aura stirred lazy circles in the air as Wanda stared into the swirling nothingness of her very black coffee. Bruce was asleep on the couch. A shadow of stubble dotted his jaw and the morning paper was spread across his lap like a blanket. Both Bucky and Natasha were hunched over some sort of Russian gruel.
The man yowled in pain. His turned his face to the ground, but Steve wasn’t done with him. He dug his fingers into the man’s scalp, knelt down, and pulled the beading man’s head up to eye level so Steve could look him in those beady black eyes.
“Sorry,” said the man with the curly hair. “My friend likes to make an entrance.” He held out his hand. “Doctor Bruce Banner. I’m here to taste your stuff.”
“Don’t be,” said Steve. "You didn’t decide to end up in the Dollhouse and you didn’t deserve to disappear there.”
Rumlow stood in shock for a second; and fell like a sack of brick, screaming as he clawed at his injured skull. His dark brown hair turned black and wet. Flush, red blood flowed down the side of his face and puddled on the floor. Concussion and possibly fractured skull.
Steve groaned in frustration. “Bucky, stand down,” he called in clear exasperation. “You saw him the other day. He's harmless. He's an engineer for crying out loud. Not like he'd have a reason to have it out for us.”
“Go see Tony,” Sam said, winded. “He knows the Iron Family. He may not have access to what we need right now, but I’m betting he can get us what we need with the fewest strings attached. It’s underhanded, but if it’s true that he has some sort of strange, weak allegiance with the Iron Family, it might be our best shot to getting what we need to stay alive.”
Steve’s face flushed bright red. “Shut up,” he said, trying to hide his embarrassment. “Come down for breakfast when you’ve decided to be a mature adult.”
Steve’s ears immediately turned bright red. He squirmed in his seat and his eyes shot around the room looking at anything but Tony. “You just got your memories back. I’m not sure if I should say-”
War Machine gave a curt nod and prepped for another round of attack. Rescue followed suit, but there was hesitation in her eyes. “What about you?” she asked.
“There you go. You already have a good example,” Steve said, flipping a pancake up into the air with a flick of his wrist.
Bucky was right. Now was not the time to cower in fear. Now was the time to do what was necessary to get them out of there.
Tony reached out a hand to stop him, but Rumlow was ready for it. A heavy boot knocked Tony’s arm down and back down onto the floor. The thick heel dug into the small exposed flesh not covered by the armor.
“Natasha Romanov. We spoke on the phone,” Natasha said, giving Tony such a firm handshake that even a power-hungry stockbroker would fall on their knees for her.
The man looked over at Jan spinning circle around a young soldier, but he made no move to go to her. “I’m not really into dancing. Got two left feet.”
Tony scooted over to Steve’s side as the engine sprang to life. “Don’t worry Steve. Everything will be okay. I promise,” assured Tony, giving a gentle squeeze to Steve’s shoulder. Steve didn’t seem to notice. He just somberly watched each shallow breath that Bucky Barnes took as they rolled down the road.
The Iron Man systems sprung to life, the blue light offering Tony one last hope. It was a small hope, a dangerous hope, one that might mean death for the both of them if something went wrong. But if it meant both Steve and Tony getting out of this mess alive, Tony would take that chance. Exposing his chest as much as he could, Tony released the unibeam straight into Steve’s chest.
“I think you mean just enough,” Steve said, pressing a quick peck to Tony’s cheek. God, he wanted more. But now was not the time or place. “Figure out the machine yet?”
“What?” asked Steve. He looked down at his sketch and felt a rush of embarrassment. No way was he fooling anyone with his particular brand of fascination. With clumsy fingers he somehow folded away the sketch. “I’m not-”
Steve looked up from the paper. “Do you really want to have this argument now? You know I’m right. There’s no one here to stop us from having this argument. And you know I can go all day.”
He was about three meters from the door when something soft and furry bumped up against his side. Tony looked down to see, who else, Steve, heading him away from the door like a guide dog.
He reached for the zipper at his neck and pulled it down just enough to check on the modified RT device. He tapped his long nail on the casing and held his breath. No sea water leaking into the machinery. No cracks from the pressure of the ocean. It just hummed along like it did on land, performing the one job it was made to do; keeping Tony alive.
Steve’s eyes lit up like stars in the night sky. He leaped up, kissing Tony with boundless enthusiasm until they were both light headed. He slipped the ring on Tony’s finger with ease. They hugged each other, laughing like they just won the lottery of a lifetime. Oh, who was Tony kidding? A love like theirs, a relationship as strong and as rocky as theirs was, might as well have been the ultimate lottery.
Tony’s heart dropped. “Yeah,” he agreed. He had enjoyed their time together so much, it was a shame that it had to end so soon.
“You should tell them,” said Steve, relaxing against the red brick wall for the first time since he got in line. “To-ny. To NY (New York).” Immigration joke. It was low, but from the looks of it, the joke made Tony smile.
"Honestly, for a job like this, I don't even think the Black Widow could stand a chance again guys like this. For a job like this, we'll need everyone on board."
Steve looked at him. Then back at the card. Then back at Tony. Steve’s entire body was alight with energy. “This is amazing Tony! You got the job! And it's at Stark Industries." Steve was all smiles."That's amazing! Stark Industries is one of the best companies to work for!”
“Shut up,” snapped Steve. “We’re bringing down Hydra here and now, captain’s orders. Do you understand?”
“That being said, the Gandor Family said they’d be willing to lease us some of their turf, rent and interest added on of course, until we get accustomed to the Big Apple. Said something about getting off the map as quiet as possible. Nothing wrong with the turn far as I can tell. Bleeding us dry for rent might cause some issues if we stay for the long haul. And, for what it’s worth, Keith trusts us, so that means something.”
“Yes it is,” Steve stupidly insisted. “They tried to kill me. They attacked you. Maybe I don’t have the same beef with them over the weapons, but goddamnit, don’t tell me to fuck off now. This is my fight just as much as yours.”
“And frankly we’re due for another,” insisted Stane. “Do you not see the revolution in Russia? The unrest and animosity between Germany, France, and England? I may not enjoy seeing the body count in the daily paper, but we are warmongers, Tony. And it’s our duty as American citizens to supply our troops with what they need before they need it.”
“I can see the charges now,” said Tony with a smile. “Stark and Rogers, fugitives of the law for using the wrong type of drinking glass.”
Tony shrugged as he tried to shake it off. “There was always that eighty eight percent chance that Hawkeye was stalking me.” Because that was a thing that Clint did on a regular basis even outside of Pepper’s requests. Tony had yet to catch Clint in the act when he was trying to stay hidden, but Clint always had a way of knowing stuff that he shouldn’t know unless he was spying.
“I’m talking about you, idiot,” he said, swinging his way in front of Steve’s path. He couldn’t hide the smile on his face even if it killed him. “You get me the number of who you provide for, and I’ll make sure you get the run of your life.”
Let me start out by saying that I plan on finishing this. I only have 7 of the 12 planned chapters written (3 typed, 4 handwritten), but my goal is to start and finish this story by the end of the year. Updates will be twice a month around the first and third Friday/ Saturday. I am staring a new job in a different country, so please bear with me if I fall behind. I want to make sure I meet my goal and what I produce is good quality content.
Did Tony have to list the reasons in order for Obie? Well, for one, discriminating between white and colored music left a whole lot of empty space that just wasn’t necessary. Why segregate when the colored music was just as good as white music? Two, colored music was ten times better than white music. Colored music was full of soul and passion, something that popular white artists lacked. Three, black music was unashamedly loud and over the top. Just how Tony liked his music.
And didn’t that commanding voice make Tony’s cock want to stand at rapt attention like a good little soldier boy.
Tony’s smile got cheeky. “Why? Think I was talking about something else?” he asked, nudging Steve in the ribs.
Bruce placed a comforting hand on Tony’s shoulder. “There is good in you too, and you deserve good. And if the time comes where you want to introduce us to someone important, we’ll always be here to support you and protect them, no matter what.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve spotted Sam squatting on the steps. As soon as Sam noticed Steve storming out the building, he was on his feet. “Everything okay Steve?” he asked, worry etched across his face.
Steve looked up. When he saw who it was, he couldn’t help but let out a sigh of relief. Never in his life was he so relieved to see the color red. Gorgeous as always, the former Natalia Romanova sauntered down toward them. The scent of New York dogs wafting down in their direction.
“Hey.” The words came out as breathless gasp. Tony took a gulp of air and tried to sound more put together. Like his heart wasn’t keeping dangerous time with the rapid rotation of the arc reactor. “He going to be okay?”
“What is this place?” asked Bucky, scanning over the towers and pyramid of mismatched crates and boxes. Various shades of grey dust blanketed the large packages.
“Nothing about you is mild-mannered.” Steve rolled his eyes, but his voice was light in a way that Tony could only assume-
So, with a heavy sigh, Tony hopped up on the ledge. He looked both ways, and when he was sure no one was watching, Tony dove down into the arctic waters.
Everywhere he looked, there were smiles on all faces. "Reverse psychology," smirked Sam. "Works every time."
What about Tony? What happened to him? Steve hadn’t seen Tony in the breadline on Tuesday, and he waited until noon just in case Tony was running late. Did he run late? Did he come at all? Maybe Steve had read Tony wrong. Maybe Tony wasn’t interested. Maybe Tony was just being nice. Maybe Tony was busy trying to find work like the rest of New York. Maybe Tony was right in front of him.
Ms. Potts pointed to Steve. Tony turned his attention, and Steve saw the instant Tony finally understood what was happening. He looked like a deer in headlights. Or maybe like a kid that got caught with their hand in the cookie jar. Either way, the jig was up. No more posing as a mild mannered engineer.
For the moment, Steve was using a combination of six boxes and a pallet as a makeshift seat and table. Actually, all the Brooklyn Boys used the empty crates as unofficial seats. During rum runs, the crates were removed from the room, leaving it bare until the boys returned with the empty crates to use, once again, for sitting spots until they were needed once again. Occasionally, they ended up short a crate if one of them ran into trouble or caused trouble on the way back.
“If just fine you mean ‘we got out a hairs breath away from death,’ then I would agree,” grumbled Rhodey, his hand grazing against the cold heat strapped to his side.
Tony shook off the shock, and threw Steve off with little more than a grunt. Steve stumbled back, dazed and reaching behind him for balance.
“What?” Tony could have asked him what two plus two was and he still would have been too distracted to answer.
“No really. I’m super disappointed. Look!” Tony pinched his arm. It took him a couple of times before a glassy sheen covered his eye. “See? I’m crying. I’m super sad.”
Tony grunted, feeling the disconcerting crunch of exposed metal and wires breaking under the weight of the suit. Well, that put the left gauntlet out of commission for now. He tried to push himself up, but the extra weight of the armor threw off his balance. The internal sensors were going wild from the shock as he tried to right himself despite blinding white stars in his eyes. The second he got his footing, Tony whipped around to locate the bastard that dared attack him.
Sam glared at him. “I’m going to give you a pass since you didn’t call me a nigger, and I know you easily could’ve. But I’m holding it to you to make it up to him.” And with that, he climbed into the front of the car with Pepper.
With Sam at his back, Steve made his way down the hall to what he assumed was a type of mud room. Hooks for jackets were drilled into the walls, white tile covered the floor, and multiple pairs of dirty boots were shoved into a corner. The room smelled like wet dog and the floor looked like it needed a good scrubbing.
“This is… This is just… wow,” Written across the dirt in small symbols looked like a display from a body. There were numbers, calculations. Short hand words scattered about the ground. Sketching of parts and pieces broken down and magnified. Details written in numerical code. To Steve, this wasn’t just scribbles on the ground. This was a new form of art that he didn’t understand. And it was pure genius in every captivating stroke.
“You really want to help me,” Tony said, losing patience with the entire miscommunication deal. “You get me an opportunity to talk to him, sort all this madness out.”
“Fine.” He gave in. “But you gotta understand.” Steve tried to break the news as easy as he could. He wouldn’t get a second chance at this and he wanted Tony to fully understand the gravity of the situation. There was no way of getting out of shit this deep. “There are some guys out there, really bad guys doing really bad stuff. It's not safe to go out alone this time of night. I don't know how things were in Boston or how things are in Manhattan, but you really need to be more careful here.
Shit. Was this the same War Machine that Sam had told him about weeks ago? How much had Tony told them? The Brooklyn Boys were too small to need an armed bodyguard on premise.  The hell was going on to require something like this?
“No, they don’t,” Tony said between labored breaths. No one needed to know about this. They were both out and proud in the public eye, but some things were better not shared with the world. Some things were better just between the two of them.
Steve smiled. “In that case, lead the way. Show me the world’s most delicious donut and I’ll show you mine, Mister Stark.”
The wolf cocked his head to the side almost as if he was thinking. First once side, and then the other. Then, he grabbed the food tray with his teeth and pulled it out of the way of the doggie door. Once the space was clear, he placed the chuck just outside the food slot and sat on his haunches like a domesticated dog waiting for a treat.
Steve could almost hear Tony squealing like a child on Christmas morning. “Wait! You met War Machine? Your boss took you to the meeting!? That must have been crazy! What did you think?”
There was a high-pitched clink on the ground, followed by a squeal of tires. Steve looked around the corner and saw familiar, green, hand held weapons rolling towards them. Steve looked up at Sam with panic on his face
“No, you listen for once,” Steve interrupted with a stern voice. “I’m gonna get outta harm’s way like you want, but I’m going to do it my way. Before I get gone, I’m gonna pump these bastards so full of lead that they sink like rocks in the river. And if I just so happen to be following you, well, so be it.”
Steve shook his head. “No. I also think about the subject, too. If it’s a person, I think about why they look the way they do. Who they are, where they’ve been, what type of life they’ve lived and why they carry themselves in a certain way. Helps me give the drawing life and personality.”
“What about them Brooklyn Boys you were telling us about earlier,” asked Clint trying to divert the attention from the empty hand. “Couldn’t they do this?”
“Too busy taking care of other things. In case you didn’t notice, we are trying to take down a multibillion dollar company,” said Steve, a bit of humor returning to his voice.
An average Joe walked out from the darkness. He looked harmless enough; dark suit, receding hairline, friendly smile, but there was a sharpness to his eyes that made Steve feel twitchy. It was as if he was being analyzed under a magnifying glass and all his little secrets were being scrutinized with interest and in great detail. “I’m not surprised that you’re suspicious Captain Rogers,” the man said with a careless air. “You were just assaulted by Hydra agents and now a guy you’ve never seen before steps out of the literal shadows to tell you not to worry about your friend. In my defense, I’ve always wanted to do that. Bit of a drama queen.”
“But not this many,” Pepper flipped through her clipboard of papers as if to reassure herself that she was right. “There shouldn’t be this many hands in the system. I don’t know. Maybe I’m being paranoid, but too many things aren’t adding up like they should. Lots of people authorizing things incorrectly or filling out papers they have no business with. Nothing that would set off alarms, but the sheer number is unnerving.”
Tony bit down on his cheek, trying hard to hide the bubble of emotions welling up inside him. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he lied.
Pepper (bless her soul) let him wallow for a few minutes; brushing his hair between well-manicured fingers. When she did speak, her words were quiet and heartfelt. “I’m sorry, Tony.”
“Whoever you are, stay back!” he shouted; granted it would sound a lot more threatening if he wasn’t panting for each breath.
With careful strokes, he carved Tony into the paper. The strong length of his back. The slant of his shoulders. The soft curves of his arms. He noted the slow passing of the sun as it made the shadows longer and Tony’s profile more pronounced. The 4:45 shadows were perfect for Tony’s shape, and Steve deliberately went a little fast with the outline. He could always go back and fill it in later. He usually did. As long as he got the aura of his model, his drawings turned out to his liking. And at exactly 4:45, Tony’s aura shone like a beacon in a moonless night.
Steve shook his head. “Nope. But… un… I was thinking of getting Morgan a necklace. Something kid friendly, but valuable. Don’t want her to feel left out when I finally propose to her dad.”
The werewolf looked up, but said nothing as Tony walked past the doggy door and headed straight for the locked gate. It took him a few minutes to pick the bolt (drunk Tony couldn’t remember where he’d left the keys) but when the lock finally clicked open, Tony burst into the enclosure like he was the fucking Kool-Aid Man.
Tony tried again, charging the right gauntlet so it glowed white. If the personal approach wasn’t working, he would have to try the professional approach. “If you know what’s good for you Captain, you will stand down right now,” declared Iron Man. “You and your people are clearly out gunned and outmatched. Give up now, and I will personally make sure the Iron Family treats this offense fairly.”
Precious seconds ticked by before his limbs began to respond. Steve could tell the singing nerves would slowly come back to life, but for the moment everything felt like a swarm of wasps were going to town on his body. Thank goodness everything was responding and nothing felt broken. Intense stinging on his hands meant a few small splints of wood were embedded into his exposed hands, but he would survive.
Steve let out a heavy sigh and laid his head down on the armrest. “I don’t know what my point is, but I guess what I’m saying is, I miss you.”
Water. A tank of cold water. Immersed, trapped, and completely helpless. Strapped down with leather cuffs on a metal operating table. They said the tank was filled with liquid air and not water, but Tony was too busy having a panic attack to notice. An expected symptom of his PTSD. AIM really should know better. But maybe they wanted that. Maybe they wanted him to suffer. Remind Tony of the days when he was tortured by the Ten Rings. Shoving his head into a bucket of water over and over and over and over and over and over and over and-
"Come on Sam. You gotta give me something to work with. I know the black community is crazy for gossip, and you're the best informant I got. You gotta give me something else to go on. A hunch? A guess?"
The frustration and concern must have shown on his face because her eyes softened at the display of concern from her friends. “Don’t worry, boys,” she reassured them. Her voice was like warm, soft hands. “I’m a big girl. I know what I’m doing.”
Steve barely noticed when Tony responded in an equally low voice. “Well, if there was anyone I'd want to be as my other half of a criminal power couple, I'd like it to be you.”
The man closed his eyes. His head lolled forward. Then he began to laugh. It was quiet at first. Then it got louder, and louder. Within seconds, his unquestionably ruthless laughs filled the room. “Does a man grovel to an ant for mercy? I have no need to say anything. You are below me in every way, patty,” he hissed, lobbing a shot of blood into Steve’s face.
“One of these days Hawkeye, I will get the drop on you." It was an empty threat and both of them knew it.
“Not good,” Rhodey groaned. With a heavy grunt and Tony’s help, Rhodey pushed himself on his back so the flickering reactor in his chest blinked up at the sky. Looking down at the damage, Tony tried not to panic. Pieces of shrapnel lined both of his legs making his lower body look like a short, grey cactus. The shine of fresh blood eerily matched the sheen of sweat covering Rhodey’s face.
“Oh my fucking god. You’re real,” Steve breathed with relief. His fingers found the little openings between armor plates and dug into the cracks, hanging on for dear life.
“So,” he started, trying to ease the tension as they walked down the poorly lit backstreets of Brooklyn. “You having money problems?”
Before either of them could act, a well-aimed apple core flew over the crowd and knocked Schmidt upside the head. Schmidt’s eyes zoned in on the assaulter, his face flaming red with swelling rage (hence the local nickname ‘Red Skull’).
“Rescue, call in the Hulk. We got injured.” He stalked forward to the impact site, releasing unnecessary bits of the Iron Man armor and letting it fall where it may.
“It’s beautiful,” Steve whispered. Steve carefully lifted his hand away from the machine and pressed his fingers against the angry scars around the metal casing. Goosebumps ran up his arm as Steve traced his fingers back and forth across the wild root system across Tony’s chest. Tony didn’t flinch once.
“And yet he can't tell me who's on top giving orders,” retorted Bruce. “Said something about Zola being the messenger, but he’s confused as to who would send the message.”
Natasha gave Tony a quick look over her full house. Tony gave her a smile and a quick wave. There was nothing to be worry about. Just Tony making awkward conversation with his crush and making an ass out of himself.
Steve shifted in his seat.  “So,” he said, changing the subject. “What is it you wanted to show me?”
“We don’t,” admitted Tony. “But that doesn’t mean we abstain from ‘personal’ recreational activities.”
“No Tony, I don’t think I can,” said Steve, steel shields encasing his heart. Steve couldn’t believe his ears. Tony, allied with the Iron Family. Suddenly, the comments about ‘toast’ and how he mysteriously persuaded a deal with the Iron Family, it all made sense.
Steve could see Sam repressing the desire to scoff in disbelief. “Have you even seen how he looks at you? If either of you was a dame, you’d be making out against the wall right now.”
Tony went in for another bite and this time, the wolf whined. Fucking whined. Ears down, head down, and the biggest fucking puppy eyes Tony had ever seen.
“I know what you’d probably say,” Tony said with a chuckle. “You’d probably tell me to pull my head out of my ass. There’s no use in crying over spilled milk. Go, gather myself up and carry on like the gentleman I was raised to be. There are people in this town that look up to me. That need me. I need to be strong for their sake.”
Thor nodded. “Agreed. We should trust our friend. As much as I worry about her health, I know she can take care of herself.”
But when Tony turned around and tipped his cap to Steve. That rush of heat to his chest suddenly made it all worth it.
Steve smiled. He would like Tony to model for him. Tony would make a great model. If the callouses on his hand were anything to go by, Tony would probably have a few cuts and scars on his body. Those were always fun to draw. Steve would like drawing that.
If she heard Steve’s contempt, Natasha showed no sign of disagreeing. “These men: Osborne, Hammer, Pym, Stark, they seem to have a disposition for the crazy and borderline unethical side of science. Every day they test the boundaries between impossible and mad scientist. When they’re successful, those products go on the market to be shared with the world. The unsuccessful ones; well, those are hidden away. Out of sight, out of mind,” she said, pointing to a box sporadically rumbling  at odd intervals. “They end up here, hidden among things that might be useful in twenty years or so.”
“Company warehouses,” Natasha explained. She walked with a purpose deeper into the building, occasionally checking crates for labels or identification. “Places like Oscorp, Hammer Industries, Pym Technologies, and Stark Industries store parts here until they are needed. Think of it like a really big storage shed where you hide stuff you think you’re going to use later, but never really do. It’s a packrat’s dream house.”
Steve sniffed, wiping invisible snot away from his nose. “They’re gonna come after us,” said Steve. “Once Tony tells Iron Man, they’ll come after us and kill us.” It wasn’t a guess. It was a statement. That’s how things worked with the mafia. Once a family secret leaked out, it didn’t stay leaked for long.  Those with unwanted information either ended up with an obituary in the morning paper, or on a list of people gone missing under strange and mysterious circumstances.
The smart thing would be to shut down the company without consulting anyone. There would be fallout, sure, the board would be upset, stocks would drop (twenty percent minimum), but Tony could trust Pepper with all that. It would cost him a good sum for nice heels and a fancy evening dress to make it up to her, but in the end it would be worth it. Wouldn’t it?
The kid peeked out from his hiding place allowing Tony to finally get a good look at the kid. The eyes were a recognizable shade of brown. They were filled with anxiety, but there a glint of curiosity that was all too familiar. The kid’s mouth was familiar. A bit too wide for his face, but that was to be expected. Tony always thoughts his lips were too big in his baby pictures. Add a wig and some rouge and he’d look like a petulant little girl. At least, that’s what Tony thought every time he and Steve looked through Tony’s family album.
“Oh! So we’re making it my fault that all this is crashing down around our ears?” asked very pissed off Pepper.
With a nod of confirmation, the Brooklyn Boys slipped in, one by one, Thor making sure to do one last scan for trouble before shutting the door behind them.
"I just, you know…” Tony averted his gaze and the highs of his cheekbones flushed pink against his naturally pigmented skin. “I wanted to see you while I still could."
“Don’t worry Ms. Potts I’m calling security right now.” The girl grabbed a nearby phone and began cycling the numbers.
“Steve, I want to,” he said with a gentle smile, meaning it with every particle of his being. Steve was amazing in all iterations of the word and Tony, well; Tony wanted to do everything he could to let the world see how amazing Steve was. If Steve would let him, Tony would scream his name from the rooftops and paint his name in the sky for all to see. He would relinquish all power just to have Steve fuck him hard day in and day out for the rest of their lives.
Tony suppressed an exasperated groan. Oh, for the love of- “He’s not a cat, Steve. Push him of and get over here. He’ll be fine.”
Motherfucking bastards pointing long black muzzles at a saint. Lobbing grenades like rotten fruit at a stray dog. If it was the last thing he did, Tony would make them pay. He’d strangle them with his own calloused hands; paint the streets red with their blood. And if Pepper discovered a financial outlet, Stark Industries would ruin them and their good name for the rest of time. Whoever hurt Steve would wish for the sweet release of death.
“Sir,” her voice dripped with tired annoyance. “We have a lot of people that work here at Stark Industries, and not all of them stay for a very long time. Take me, for example. I’ve only been here for a few weeks. So you’ll have to excuse me if I don’t know who you’re talking about.”
A cold breath caught in Steve’s throat, forcing him to stagger back. Shit. Thor was right. They weren’t alone.
“Good morning, young sir,” said Vision with an easy smile. Clearly the only one awake. “Come down for breakfast, I see. Can I help you find anything?”
In the absence of loud music, he could hear Tony on the phone. The rich familiar sound of his voice was caked in power and authority. Cautiously, he took a few steps closer, not wanting to step on something and accidently destroy the delicately balanced discord. Pepper stood a few feet from Tony, back ramrod straight and at attention, waiting for him to finish his business.
“No judgment. I’m not a fan of this stuff either, but we gotta get some food into you. ‘S why I brought this,” Tony said, holding up a large remote-controlled car. “Supped up an old RC for you to chase. Thought if we can’t reach the human, the wolf in you would appreciate the chase. How do you feel about rabbit?”
“He’s a little shy, so be nice,” Steve warned. He tapped the kid on the shoulder. “Hey. Say hi to everyone.”
“At least you appreciate my company. Same could not be said for my date,” Tony said, placing the tray of food down a few meters away from Steve.
“Better be,” Tony said with a coy wink. “Or else I’ve been committing identity fraud for the past thirty years or so. I could go to jail for that.”
Always the fool, Barton. Always playing the fool. Pretending to trust others with planted information. Pretending to be the fearful associate to show the others how it’s done with no prior notice from Tony. God, he loved that carnie.
Steve squeezed Tony’s hand. “I’ll be there for you every step of the way,” he said, pushing a stray hair out of Tony’s face. “Would that make you feel better?”
Steve heard the familiar cocking of a gun and his shoulders dropped. He really didn’t need to be dealing with this right now. "Buck," he said, not letting his eyes wander from Tony. "Put the gun away. We have a guest."
Sam got the door, jerking the knob back and using the wood as a shield. Steve lurched forward and grabbed the surprised man by the front of his shirt. He pulled the man in, throwing him to the concrete floor with no remorse. Sam slammed the door and Steve aimed his gun right between the man's brows.
“I know,” pouted Tony. He rolled on his back to mask the heating in his cheeks. “Not appropriate, but don’t expect me to apologize.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Tony drawled. He looked around the room then beckoned Steve closer. Steve leaned in until Tony’s lips could brush the edge of Steve’s ear, Tony whispered, “Is your name really Steve?”
Tony let out a tired sigh and rubbed his face. “That’s the thing Obie,” he said, pushing out of the chair and pacing across the room. His hands flew around his head in increasing frustration.
Steve staggered and almost dropped pancake batter on the floor. “Um… Well, to put it nicely, he means that Jarvis has qualities that would make an ideal female spouse.”
Steve tucked his bloody hands close to his chest. He looked down at Tony and tried not to think about how much his fingers stung or how Tony’s long lashes made him look like a beautiful nurse coming to care for him. “I’m fine,” Steve lied. He didn’t need Tony’s help licking his wounds
Sensing the calm, Sam offered him a hand and pulled Steve’s much calmer ass out of the trash. “Mind telling me what all this is about?” It was a demand, not a question.
“It’s a little small, but it'll do for now,” he said, taking in the place. Draping his jacket on the back of one of the many chairs in the room, Tony proceeded to make himself comfortable in his new workshop. "Need to move some of the toolboxes around for one. And I need my gramophone. My records too. Pepper will be the one handling the move. And anything else that I’d rather not deal with. Speaking of which, where is she?”
“Just about,” reported Sam as he joined the group. He danced around a bit on the balls of his feet. Nervous energy? Sam was always down for a run or whatever you threw at him, but there was something eating at the guy. Steve was about to ask for an explanation as Sam spilled the beans. “There's just, there’s a guy Steve. Right outside our door.”
Steve’s guys had gotten jumped seven times since Bucky came in, not two days ago, with the shiner. Unfortunately, not all encounters were hand-to-hand combat like they were used to. More than a few guys came packing heat, and that was a major problem from the Brooklyn Boys. They were an bare hand type of gang for crying out loud! Even with the two handguns, shoddy rifle, and Thor with his favorite hammer, they were no match against Tommies and the various semi-automatics. They didn't have the money, resources, or connections to keep up with that type of crowd. Hence why they were still such a small name in town. Bootleg kept them afloat, and their good graces with the local neighbors kept them going.
Tony couldn’t help the smile sneaking onto his face. Even if he could contain it, he hadn’t a reason to care. “I’ll say it was worth it.”
Bruce shook his head. “The other guy was not happy with how I wanted to proceed with the interrogation. Ended up getting a little punch drunk,” admitted Bruce.
Steve cupped the back of Tony’s head so he could look straight on into Steve’s ‘I’m very disappointed in you’ face. Steve whispered as if he was trying to hold back tears. “Tony, I really thought you were in danger. The thought of losing you forever, I couldn’t stand it.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me.” Tony ran a hand through his hair. It was starting to feel greasy and gross. He looked down at the disarray of documents. There was so much to get done by morning and he wasn’t even close to finishing. His eyes hurt from reading and his brain felt like mush. But he had to keep going. “Sorry I’m keeping you up, Steve. Why don’t you get some sleep? I’ll join you when I’m done.”
Sorry I haven't updated in over half a year. Things got really crazy over the last few months. First off, I wrote a fic for the cCap-Iron Man Revers Big Bang
“Tony?” Steve’s voice came out as no more than a whisper. He looked at Tony under lidded eyes, pupils blown wide into dark pools of desire.
To his relief, Steve was one of the first things he could make out as he quickly scanned the area. His beautiful hair was rumpled, there was blood splattered across his cheek, and his face was a mask of pure rage. But other than that, Steve looked fine.
“This is going to haunt me for the rest of my life,” Tony muttered to himself. “Sure. Why not if it makes you happy. Not like I can tell Rhodey what to do with his money.”
When Steve opened his eyes, everything looked normal. No broken glass. No cracked ceiling. No damage. Just the Avengers hanging out in the living room and Tony sprawled out on the floor like a dead body.
“He’s… getting there,” Tony said with a frustrated sigh. “Eating at the very least. Wouldn’t when he came here. Trying to get him used to people again, but it’s slow going. Keeping him in the back so he doesn’t scare the other creatures. Griffins can hold their own, but rainbow serpents can be very skittish.”
For my older readers, thank's for hanging in there. And for those new readers, welcome and enjoy your stay.
“Well, in that case, why don’t we stop by Macy’s before we head home,” Steve suggested. “Get you some real clothes that fit. Don’t want you feeling uncomfortable during your stay.”
Steve nuzzled into Bucky neck, his natural sweaty sent wrapped around Steve like a familiar blanket. It reminded him of all those nights’ years ago, when he was a skinny little thing, huddled up against Bucky for warmth against the cold winter nights. God he hated his weakness. “I hate it when you make sense,” Steve mumbled.
Natasha and Bucky looked at each other in silent conversation. “I think,” Natasha said, taking her husband’s hand in quiet support, “we’ll manage. No matter what version of Steve’s there, we’ll manage.”
Tony wiggled down between the sheets, holding his new doll close to his chest. “That’s okay,” he said. “Big me can take as long as he likes. I like living here. It’s different, but much better.”
“Good morning sleepyhead,” whispered a familiar voice. “You going to wake up own your own or am I going to have to do something horrible to wake you up?”
“No!” The transmission was more static than human voice. “I can’t let him go now. Not after everything he’s done.”
She would know. Natasha would know better than most; losing not only her family, but her country in the Russian revolution. And like the Natasha back then, running away from the revolutionaries in the black of night, across the cold Eurasian terrain, Steve didn’t have time to dwell on it. He had to keep moving if he wanted to survive.
"Oh my gosh!" Jane looked like she was about to pass out with excitement. "I read your paper on engineering technology for astrophysics, like four times. Do you really think it's possible to create telescopes that see beyond time and space?"
“I’ll bet,” Rhodey said with an endearing grin. “It must be so hard knowing you might have to spend a few weeks or even months stuck with your hero.”
“Then put Jarvis on what you can’t handle and let me run our companies. I can handle being a big boy for a few weeks.”
Sam increased his push on the pressure point, making his determination clear. Pain, guilt, and shame doused Steve’s fiery rage. Slowly, Steve came down from the adrenaline filled high. His breathing was still shallow, but at least it was regular.
Soon as the weight was off his hips, Tony scampered away from the body. “Jesus Barton,” he gasped, placing a hand proactively in front of the arc reactor. “Cutting it a little close.”
Tony looked up at Steve through the tears and a nose full of snot. “Really? He doesn’t look like me. I don’t have a beard.”
Tony raised an eyebrow in inquisitive interest. “Friend?” he asked, stretching his neck out a bit to get a better look.
Tony nodded. He looks back at the town, lights flickering in the distance. Timely celebrating a rare moment of peace, joy, and merriment abound. Laughter and gay carols echo across the empty plains and Tony realizes, at least for now, that’s not where he wanted to be.
“You’re right,” Steve admitted. “I did lie to you. But I lied for a good reason; to protect the ones I care most about. And I can’t help but think you did the same.”
Steve nodded. “Would be a lot more fun if you got in,” he said. He shook out the water from his hair like a wet dog, splashing Tony in the process. Tony squeaked as drops of cold water landed near scrap paper covered in complicated equations. Steve laughed as he slicked back his wet hair like a greaser. Tony would have been mad, but this was recreational math and he wasn’t making any progress.
Steve pulled away from Tony until their fingers barely touched. “Just about. You can come out if you like.”
A loud crack ripped through the water. Tony gasped as the shockwave ran right though him, knocking the air out of his lungs. He grabbed his head as his entire body shook. He tried to push past the ringing in his ears, ignore the bone deep vibrations running down his back, but it was hard. His teeth hurt. He sank down, hoping that the oceanic pressure would make it hurt less.
When and where would it be appropriate to drop casual questions or hints about his romantic interest? Here at the base? At the bar on a 24 hour leave? Was he interested in Tony? Was he even interested in men? What if he didn’t want a relationship? What if he just wanted a roll in the hay? Could Tony do that? Of course he could, but that didn’t mean Tony wanted a single night of fun. With all these questions running around in his head, Tony didn’t even take into account the biggest and most important question of all.
“Remember, we used to play fight in the park when we were pups. Mom would always yell at us for ruining our clothes, but we did it anyway. Remember that?” asked Bucky, desperation thick in his voice.
Steve groaned. “Tony, we talked about this. Just because you’ve been through worse doesn’t excuse what you’re going through now.”
“Speaking of meetings,” interrupted Pepper. “A business friend from Boston came in unexpectedly and has requested lunch with you.”
“Just try it,” insisted Steve. “It’s easier on the stomach than coffee and it still has caffeine in it. Thought it would be better for you since it doesn’t look like you’ll be going to bed any time soon.”
Tony tried not to let out a bitter laugh. “Oh don’t be a hypocrite. You know that you’re no better. Lying by omission is still lying, Mr. Captain.”
Tony rolled his eyes and let out an exasperated huff. “You’re horrible, Steve Rogers. I can’t believe media still pegs you for a boy scout.”
Steve shivered at the image. The brave, fearless fighter that he had gotten to know in the cold north amidst the insane Russian revolution, reduced to a nameless pretty face for men to get off to. He could see how that life could leave something to be desired. Still didn’t settle the feeling in his stomach that what she was doing was wrong.
Once the door shut behind him, Tony turned to his daughter and gave her a stern look. “Okay Morgan, remember the plan? You need to look super cute during practice and I’ll whip us up an amazing dinner.”
Okay. That’s all Tony need to hear to confirm that this random kid was a younger version of him. Tony had forgotten how big a fan of Captain America he was back in the day. “Fascinating story kid, but how about we save it for another day.”
Steve felt like the ground had fallen out from under him. His heart was beating a mile a minute. "Toast?" Steve was almost in hysterics. Granted, it was much more defined than the chaotic storm whirling around his mind.
Steve bit down on his lip, but he couldn’t stop a delighted squeak from leaking out. “You made weights so you could be like me?”
“Tony, it should be a big deal. Friends shouldn’t be taking advantage of others for their own benefit,” he said, moving over so he was close to Tony’s side.
Against his better judgment, he pushed. This all lead back to Tony, and he would be damned if he let Steve take the fall for him on this one. Tony wanted to get as much information as he could with the hopes of spiriting Steve away to a safe house later.
That caught Steve’s attention right away. His spine straightened in anticipation for a fight. He tried not to look or feel too defensive. War Machine was just the hired muscle. His opinion on queers wouldn’t impact the likelihood of a sale, would it? In the pit of his stomach, he knew it could and that idea scared Steve more than anything. Not everyone in New York felt the same ways as they did about people being gay, bi, or other. Steve had faced his fair share of doors slammed in his face because folks were afraid to catch somethin’ unnatural. But it being Tony who had set everything up, Steve couldn’t afford to mess this up and ruin Tony’s good name.
The phone rang, and Tony thanked whatever god was out there distraction. “None of your damn business,” he shot over his shoulder as he danced his fingers over the receiver.
Steve opened the door just enough to peek his head out into the hallway without revealing his bedridden companion. “Hey kiddo. What you doing up?” he asked the very awake child.
Tony smiled, silently remembering how gorgeous Steve's smile was and how good it made him feel just to hear the guy laugh. His muscles hidden underneath heavily worn clothes were drool worthy, and his stature was so very climbable. Steve’s accent. Steve’s voice. Guy could be a model or a radio personality if he wasn't so set on being on the other side of the paper. It all made his heart beat just a few seconds faster than normal.
“You have nothing to be sorry about,” said Rhodey, rubbing gentle circles into Tony’s back. “Come on, Clint. Let’s go. You guys on the other hand,” he said, giving Steve and Tony very pointed looks. “Whatever’s going on between you two, you need to figure this out.”
“Nah. Rhodes is like a brother. It’d just be weird dating my brother,” said Tony as he scuffed the bottom his shoe on the ground. “Besides, if the kid is any indication, I’m too far gone on you to be interested in anyone else.”
“Come on,” Tony said, ushering Peter back to the sanctuary hub. “Let’s leave him alone for now. Give him some time to get settled in. It’s been a while since he’s been around people he could trust, but I’m sure with a little TLC he’ll come around.”
“Hey, hey now. That’s not fair,” chided Tony. “I just gave you an opportunity to get even. Didn’t say you had to, but you took it.”
Steve glared at the sign before ripping it off the wall. He gave a curt “Coming in,” before turning the knob and opening the door.
He cast a glance at Steve, a snarky comment about how incorrigible kids were already on his lips, but when he saw Steve smiling at him, the words died in his throat.
In seconds, the sheet was gone. Cold air ghosted over Tony’s wet cock, sending a shiver down Tony’s spine. But Steve soon fixed that. He opened his mouth and took Tony’s cock all the way down his throat in one go.
Tony laughed as Steve licked his face over and over. “Down, boy. Down,” he said pushing Steve away until the man sat down on his haunches. He whipped the spit away and noticed Steve working his jaw as if trying to chew on an invisible bone.
Steve didn't bother looking  up from his sketch book. He was too busy trying to get the shape of the unknown face just right. "Anything to report solider?" He asked.
Bruce forced out a frustrated breath, rubbing the skin under the pads of his glasses. “Tony, it would really help if I could see the guy.”
The first thing that Steve noticed was how empty the room was. It was about the size of his bedroom. Maybe smaller. A single lightbulb hung from the ceiling, flooding the room with in an eerie golden glow. The walls were bare save lines of brown blood splattered against the wood like slashes from a knife.
So *ahem* it's been very much over a year. I've been saying I want to come back to this for a long time and now I've finally worked up the energy to write one chapter. Here's to the next one coming out sooner than later I guess?
Tony’s head whipped around. He bent down to get a clear view out the service window. Sure enough, American flag guy was staring right at Tony. Their eyes locked for just a second, but that was more than enough for Tony.
“I know,” Steve said with an embarrassed flush. “But I’d really like to hear a ‘yes’ from her too. You’re not the only one that gets a new addition to the family when I finally ask the question.”
“I just… It’s hard to explain but-” Tony started to say something, but he stopped himself mid-sentence. “Okay, I do have one last secret. But it’s not a bad one I promise. Just… don’t run, okay?”
“Then, at the very least, sleep on it,” urged Stane. “I know you haven’t been getting much sleep lately. Let me take your meetings for the rest of the day, and if you still think it’s the right thing to do, we’ll get started on the paperwork tomorrow. Sound good?”
There was also a large, white sink on the opposite wall. Two people could easily stand on either side of it and not be feel crowded. To the right of the sink, fraying fabric of various shapes and sizes were stacked on a shelf. Underneath the shelf was a basket already half full of bloody rags.
“I must object,” said Thor, a hand clasp tightly on his captain’s shoulder. “Taking of our wares with no guarantee of payment is not how the Brooklyn Boys do business.”
The hairs on the back of Tony’s neck bristled. He leaned over the workbench, brow furrowed. “Obie, what did I tell you. That tech isn’t ready yet.”
“Ouch,” Bucky winced. “Nothing we can do about that. We got Jane’s place as clean as they come. How much we loosing?”
Bruce huffed. The ridiculous things his family did that he silently put up with. “Why do you even care?” he asked, genuinely curious.
) They splashed in the water like children as the tropical sun beat down on their backs. They built a sandcastle along the beach almost three feet high and walked along the tide pool, checking out the local ocean residents as they swayed in the current. They did everything Tony could ever think of and accomplished nothing of importance. It was different and novel and wonderful.
“Is that what’s wrong?” asked Steve. “I noticed you’ve been acting weird since he woke up and started talking about Captain America. Does all this have to do with the kid’s interest in me?”
There’s a whistle off in the distance and reality hit him like a cold body on the floor. He can’t. He shouldn’t. And it broke his heart to pull away and plant his heels firmly on the cold wet ground. Events were coming to an impasse and he could barely stand the idea of Steve’s stiff body, frozen and fractured on the ground all because he chose this once not to be responsible.
Tony hummed. “Well, I suppose they do look a bit familiar.” That was an outright lie. Tony remembered them the instant he saw them. Hard to forget a rag tag group with some bigger than life personalities. Epically the blonde in the tight, blue uniform.
“Good,” said Steve. He gathered his crew: Thor, Jane, and Bucky, around the deserted warehouse for one last pep talk. He had entrusted Sam with lookout duty and debriefed him before the others arrived. “Remember everyone, no unnecessary risks. Get the product to the customer, and get the hell outta dodge. We don’t want Hydra coming down on our asses.”
Above him, adrenaline drove Steve to laugh out loud in relief. “You’re not so bad,” said a breathless Steve. He licked his lips, dragging the metal blade on the concrete with each confident step he took. “Big man in a metal suit. Take off the armor and let’s see what’s underneath.”
Steve gave a reluctant nod. He would rather not go alone, but with no sign of an entrance for colored individuals, it would be more of a hassle to force their way past security and into the white entrance.
“Whoa! Easy there War Machine!” Bruce ran over to stand between the two men, hands held up as is ready to push back if things got heated (whatever little good that would do). “I’m the one with the anger problems, remember.” He tried to push the bodyguard back, but the robot didn’t respond. More the better in Steve’s mind as the Brooklyn Boys formed a protective circle around their leader.
Steve brushed the top of one for dust. He looked at the results and rubbed away the wooden texture tingeing the nerves. The tip of his finger came out clean. “They seem new,” Steve concluded with a perplexed wrinkle in his brow. Something didn’t feel right. Everything around them was covered in a grey blanket of dust. Why were these different? What made these special? They were conveniently close to a metal garage door and a loading dock. But there could be a multitude of reasons for their placement.
“Oh, you know, trying to keep busy. Find work. Chat up some dolls. Create weapons of mass destruction. Take over the world."
“We’ll see,” said Steve with a mischievous grin. “I showed you my doodle, it’s only fair that I see yours,” he said as he got up and walked over to the special patch of dirt.
Steve turned his head to give Tony his full attention, to be respectful and all that. As he did, Tony’s hand flashed out and snagged the sketch from Steve's fingers.
“Oh my god, Steve. That’s not a suggestion. You’re covered in blood and you smell like shit. As your friend, I’m telling you, clean yourself up.”
Steve’s heart stopped. He looked at the empty spot in Tony’s lap. “The kid.” Steve scanned the room. “Where is he? Has anyone seen him?”
“Maybe,” replied Tony with a shrug. “Not to dismiss Brooklyn’s hospitality, but it takes too long to get here.”
"Just wanted to say thank you for the inspiration the other day. Couldn't have done it without you.” He stuffed his hands into his pockets after handing over the package, and slouched over “I didn't know what to get you, but the lady in the shop was super nice in suggesting what to get."
Running wasn’t that bad. Tony rather enjoyed the dark quiet of the Brooklyn cobblestones. Present company helped, of course. He still thought Brooklyn was shit; however, running down the cool dark streets, delivering booze as if they were a criminal Santa Claus was a nice break from his daily activities. People didn’t come racing after them, demanding crazy things from him left and right. It was just a simple trading of goods, maybe a familiar word here or there, and then onto the next stop. No fake smile. No business agreements under the guise of a hundred dollar a plate party. It was quiet. It was nice.
Tony shook the tempting thoughts out of his head. Wouldn’t matter anyway. After he repaid Steve and said his goodbyes, none of this would matter.
Pepper checked her watch. “Obie is supposed to come down to check on you sometime, something about telling you how the board meeting went.”
Sam nodded in solidarity. He placed a comforting hand on Steve’s shoulder and squeezed it gently. He didn’t say anything for a moment. Just let the silence speak for itself. When he did speak, it sounded like a light joke, but felt a whole lot heavier. “Guess that’s it for the guns, huh?”
“Doesn’t matter,” said Tony flippantly. “What matters is that it happened and I refuse to let it happen again. If it can happened once-”
Young Tony peaked out from behind a rack of heavy coats. He walked toward the two men, hands behind his back as if preparing himself for the emotional backlash.
The kid could barely contain his disappointment. “Hurray! I mean, aw are you serious? Whatever will I do now?” he asked, cuddling up against Steve’s side.
Tony mentally groaned. Now was not the time or the place for name calling. He had to focus. The ricocheting bullets were slowly changing angles of impact. Meaning; Iron Man had to figure out a way to keep them pegged down so they couldn’t make off and escape.
“Then prove  those muscles aren’t just for show. Put your back into it and knead that dough. Like this.” Tony said as he gently pushed Steve out of the way so he could demonstrate.
“Is that code for ‘I’m going to hid in my lab now. Please don’t bother me unless it’s with more coffee?’”
Tony smiled. “I know,” he said. His voice was gentle. Completely different from the tone he used in the interrogation room.
“Uh, the sign says ‘do not disturb genius,’ and the music is clearly part of my genius,” said Tony, as he looked around the tangle of wires for the magical one to unravel them all.
“And pray tell what you think you are doing?” asked Thor, exuding calm despite the urgency of the situation. “We are not men under your name. Why should we take orders from you?” he asked, tightening the grip on his bloodied hammer.
“Try one of these arms on for size,” offered Schmidt, removing the weapon and offering it out to Rumlow. “I want to see what it can really do.”
“Doesn’t matter how many horses I shoe, how many weapons I create, or how many drinks I have, everything still hurts. I tried going to a brothel like some of the guys at the bar suggested, but when I looked around at what they had to offer, I just couldn’t. Did matter how beautiful the ladies were, I just couldn’t stop thinking about you.
Tony reached up and grabbed the back of the kid’s shirt. The kid landed in Tony’s lap, and that’s when things started to go haywire.
‘What the fuck was that all about?’ Tony thought as he stumbled to an upright position. Iron Man hadn’t personally done anything to piss of Steve, right? Tony had seen Steve go a little ape-shit on those bootlegging goons a few weeks ago, but where the hell had all that controlled aggression come from?
“Come on,” insisted Clint. “It’s perfect. Give him something to cling to so you can get your boyfriend back.”
“No, the Brooklyn Boys don’t have the fire power to pull this off. They’re more of a ‘fists and knives’ gang,” replied Phil, taking back his hand. “Besides, The Brooklyn Boys never come this far north. The Captain is a good enough man that he mostly keeps to his side of the river.”
“Are you sure this will work?” asked Pepper. “I haven’t heard a single story of a well established family moving to a different city, let alone a different state, and reestablishing themselves successfully.”
A loud cough broke returned Steve to his surroundings. When had everyone gathered around them? And why weren’t they busy with something else right about now?
Steve smiled on, unfazed by Rumlow’s toothy grin. Instead of running like a smart person, he fanned the flames by yelling, “Getting outsmarted by a paddy and a spic, Hitler must really be getting desperate.”
Tony shrugged. “Didn’t have a choice. It was either this, a car battery, or let my heart be shredded from the shrapnel.”
Tony screamed. He bit down on the pain, bent over until his head was pressed firmly against the ground. He pressed down on the torn flesh, desperate to stop the bleeding. Then, something warm pressed down on his back.
“Well, not really his card. He only started working here a few weeks ago, so he couldn’t give me one with his name on it.” Steve rambled. How could he say he really needed to get in to see Tony without sounding like a stalker?
Steve let out a heaving breath, defeated. Better now to come clean than later when ego and shame clouded his judgment. “He lied to me. He fucking lied to me Sam.” He pulled at the hairs on the top of his head, as if doing so would somehow make this whole crazy mess make sense. Both his heart and his brain were going around a mile a minute. His entire body was vibrating with energy. “I don’t know what makes it worse; the fact that he’s part of the mafia, or the fact that he used me to help them.”
Bruce shrugged. “Set it and wrap it up? You really can’t do much in the chest area without doing some serious damage to vital organs.”
“That’s okay,” said Tony, unperturbed the adult’s comments. “It’s what Aunt Peggy said too after she hit him on the head with a frying pan. She and Uncle Obie aren’t allowed in the house at the same time anymore.”
“About all this,” Steve said, gesturing to the lavish room. “About your job, your gang, about anything.”
Jan rolled her eyes. “The Howling Commandos. We gave them donuts a few months ago when we were running around France. Remember?”
“Yes boss,” confirmed Clint. Without a second to loose, a black shadow dashed out of the warehouse and after the car.
Making bootleg to help others make ends meet, taking only a small portion to support themselves and run their operation. It wasn't the optimal situation, but the depression was hard on everybody. Steve and his crew were just trying to make the best of a bad economic time.
Tony tried to brush the entire thing off. “It’s fine. Don’t worry about it. It’s really not a big deal.”
“Well then,” Tony’s voice dropped and it was as if he was whispering a naughty secret in Steve’s ear. “You’ll have to let me pick up the tab for dinner the next time we go on a run. Just think about it Steve, pizza from Little Italy, a blanket, and the two of us under a dark starry night.
He scribbled his name as fast as he could. It was messier than his usual signatures, less flare and more faded lines, but considering the mood he was in and the fact that was no solid surface under the easily tearable pink slip, it would have to do. He shoved the pen and the paper back into her hands. “Okay. I signed your stupid form. Now will you please piss off?” he asked, angry venom leaking into his voice.
War Machine raised a hand, and small ball of energy began forming in its palm. “You have trespassed on the turf of the Iron Family,” it announced ominously. “Prepare to face the consequences.”
A renowned spy with a name like Black Widow shouldn’t have to reduce herself to prostitution just to get food on the table. Immigrant life was tough, but considering her past and the skill set at her disposal, Natasha should have a better life than this. Could have a better life than this. If only she had stayed with them for a few months, built herself a little nest egg, networked, instead of hoping on the next train west in pursuit of the golden arches.
Tony couldn’t help but grin. The frozen weight on his shoulders melted off like water. Thank god everything worked out.
A single wooden door separated their small storage/meeting room from the rest of the large warehouse, and while they couldn't use it during working hours, at night it was theirs to roam freely about. They could easily have meetings in a larger space and store whatever they needs without any questions. As long as they didn't do anything too crazy, rent was reasonable and the owner was appeasing to their activities. It was close enough to their apartment that late night outings didn't cause much of a stir, but far enough that they had reason to play dumb if anything happened. Large enough to hide vehicles for rum runs, but inconspicuous enough that a few extra cars weren't noticed or missed.
Morgan turned around and squealed. “Daddy!” She climbed over the couch and ran toward Tony with all the speed and grace of a baby antelope.
But as an adult, he hated it. Too much stupidity and not enough space to contain it all. Too many idiots with minds too small, and ambitions too big crammed together in one room. It made for too many cooks in the kitchen. Even standing outside the glass door, watching all the rats run around trying to get the cheese, made Tony's head hurt. A small part of him wanted to storm in and help the sad sods. The other part wanted to take a flamethrower to the place and torch the entire thing to the ground, workers and all. Thank god Obadiah had reserved half of the top floor just for him.
The man shrugged, looking a little lost in the oversized coat (must belong to a neighbor). “Isn’t everyone? I got a telegram last week saying my skills could be of use up here. Don’t got nothing much better to do back home, so might as well take a chance.”
Out here in the dry west where the snow don’t fall and folks don’t gather round the fire to warm their cockles, Tony dragged himself out across the dusty desert dirt to the graveyard. A lone tree as thin as a rake stood tall amid wooden crosses.
Sam cracked open a long crate. Pushing the lid over so it fell to the ground with a clatter, he looked at the examined the contents inside and whistled. “What the hell is this?”
Tony sighed. “Come on, fluffy. First, my blind date goes horrible, then I sleep through my alarm, and then I step in some unicorn shit during my rounds. I’m not asking for much, so please, eat. I’m not sure how much more I can take.”
“No!” He yelled. his face turning scarlet. His objection was so loud, a few people on the dance floor stopped and turned toward the donut truck. But when nothing interesting happened, they returned to their business.
Tony pulled down the neck of his wetsuit. The RT device hummed along just as it should. Thick, cold metal insulating his chest. A literal shield to protect his vitals. Untested as to how much damage or pressure it could take. And he was about to test it. On an iceberg. On purpose. Stars above. This was going to hurt.
