As nice as the thoughts about his partners were, Bucky knew he had to push them away. He needed to be vigilant and couldn’t get lost in his own head. Intel had been coming in recently of entire units being decimated or disappearing, and everyone was on edge. Bucky had heard that one man had made it back, and the things he’d reported had been met with skepticism. Blue light that rained down and burned men to ashes was something none of them had heard before, but Bucky had to wonder.
“Bum, bum, da-dum, da, da-da, the American way?” Tony lightly sang under his breath as he painstakingly tried to work on a new gauntlet in one of his rare moments alone. It was definitely crude compared to his other one, but necessity must. There was no way he’d be able to make it compact enough to fit inside a watch, so there would be no way of disguising it as something other than what it was. This didn’t matter to Tony.
Tony thought as he watched the doomed display begin. In all fairness the car did hover for a few seconds. Tony heard Bucky’s stunned “Holy cow” right before the car crashed to the stage in a mess of sparking, failed technology. Tony was embarrassed to see the Stark logo on the now ruined vehicle. Why would you demonstrate technology that was not proven to be reliable? What kind of publicity is that?
“Quite extraordinary, really,” Monty said holding his cigarette. “I’d never expected anything of the kind.”
Steve thought it more likely that he was being pitied, but he wasn’t going to let that stop him. The man had promised him a chance, and Steve wasn’t going to waste this opportunity. He would prove himself to them.
There were lights of bright white and soft blue. Loud music hurt its ears, and the whir of machines and electricity made its skin crawl. A noise to the left draws its attention. Small robotic creature approaches. Hostile? Robotic creature waves with beverage container in single claw grip. Analysis: not hostile.
Tony watched as Erskine’s eyes followed Steve’s retreating back, and he saw the hopeful smile on the scientist’s face.
“Do you want this, Steve?” He asked as he traced circles on the smaller man’s hipbones with his thumbs. Enthusiastic consent was an important part of foreplay for Tony. “We don’t have to do anything more tonight. I want you to be comfortable.”
And he tried. He focused on the words he heard being spoken and the hands that still ran along his limbs. He felt gentle fingers brush beneath his eyes, wiping his tears away.
Steve lost the ability to care when Tony added his hand to the base and swallowed him as far as he could. His lover moved agonizingly slow up and down his length, sucking hard every time he got to the head which Steve knew had to be leaking steadily by now. His eyes squeezed shut as he felt Tony’s other hand move up to fondle his sac, and Steve knew he was in trouble. If he didn’t get the other man to stop, Steve was going to embarrass himself.
“Well,” Tony had begun, “it’s been over a week since I came by and checked in. Wanted to see how things were going and, ya know, keep Philips from having to remind me to earn my paycheck.”
Bucky was the one who answered. “Stark, because it’s usually last names used in action or reports, but there has to be other guys in the army with that name.”
Tony told him as he went back to what he must have been working on before the interruption. It looked like a pile of oddly shaped metal to Bucky.
He pulled open the door on the next landing. The hallway was familiar; he’d walked along this floor too many times in the past six months for it not to be. He stopped in front of the imposing metal door. The glass that ran along the wall on either side of it had been turned opaque, making it impossible to see into the room behind it. Bucky could picture it clearly, though, having spent so much time there.
That had been a surprise early on when Tony realized what a sassy shit Steve Rogers really is. It wasn’t endearing, really it wasn’t. Nope.
“I’m sorry for pushing the both of you away,” he told them, knowing the shame was clear in his voice. “You deserve better than that.”
Tony grabbed Steve by the hips and pulled the smaller man into his lap causing him to gasp. His hands slid to Steve’s ass and squeezed the flesh hidden by his boxers. “I told you on the day we met that anyone who looked at you and saw an easy target needed to get their eyes checked, and you haven’t proven me wrong.”
“I’ll be right back, Tony,” Steve promised as he began moving to the door. “I just have to go to the phone bank in the lobby and get a message to him. The clerks at the base’s office will be able to pass along the message. I had to tell them it was a family emergency the first time so hopefully they’ll remember.”
And Bucky knows that Steve and him are important to Tony, but why? He never understood how Tony treated them like they were special, like they mattered, even when Tony barely knew them. The thing that had always been most odd to Bucky was how little Tony thought of the things he did for them. Many of which were incredible, yet Tony acted as if it were perfectly normal things to do.
Tony didn’t care at the moment that she still only had eyes for Steve. He had been counting on her infatuation to last so she could play her part. After that, if he never saw her again, it wouldn’t trouble him in the slightest. She was a good woman that excelled at her job, but her part in this would soon be over, and she would have to give up her crush.
Abrams face was becoming red in his frustration, and Tony could understand to some degree. He was the medical Holy Grail, a once in a lifetime opportunity for study that could result in the doctor publishing his findings and getting the recognition of the entire medical community. It was for these reasons, however, that Tony couldn’t allow them to keep him here.
Steve hesitated as he watched Tony stop and look at the other man, answering coldly. “I told you. I follow the Captain. I’m a chorus girl in training, and if you don’t mind, we have to get ready for the show.”
Bucky then crawled onto the bed and settled between Tony’s legs. His eyes were darkened as he looked up Tony’s body to return his gaze.
Bucky chuckled at that, looking at the blonde. Steve smiled softly before he slowly wrapped him up in his arms. This was the first time he’d been able to hold Bucky like this, and while it was different, he didn’t find it unpleasant. Steve still smelled the same, and the way he gently kissed Bucky’s forehead then lips before pulling away matched every memory Bucky had of him doing that over the years. Bucky looked up into Steve’s face and knew Tony had been right. This was still Steve. His doll was only bigger now. The core of him hadn’t changed. Bucky wondered how long it would take before this war really started to change him the way it had changed Bucky.
He grabbed Steve’s hand in his remaining one and pulled both of them behind him towards the bedroom.
Steve looked to meet his eyes, and Bucky was sure that the blonde had noticed the change in Tony too. Something was bothering the older man, and Bucky couldn’t shake the feeling that it was about something more than him leaving in the morning.
Silence followed for a moment before Clint cut in looking surprised. “Hold up! Did you just make a joke?” He looked to the others as if asking for confirmation. “Yeah, I know it was dry as hell and sarcastic as fuck, but I have
Tony seemed to guess that Steve’s sense of touch was changed by the serum, and he was testing every ounce of Steve’s control by the time he’d reached his inner thighs. Steve groaned. “Tony, please. I’m so hard.”
Bucky’s eyebrows drew together in a pained expression, but he just nodded. As Tony began to carefully pull the shirt up to reveal the wound across his stomach, Steve finally spoke.
Second, if either or both of them weren’t certified hetero, Tony would bet the farm that they’d be sex-ing each other up. He actually did sometimes wonder about those two. Just how deep was their bond? (and who tops? Oh, mental picture) But Tony never noticed any evidence of a romantic or physical relationship. He usually tried his best not to picture it because that’s
At that moment Tony’s strong heart was about to beat out of his chest. He really didn’t like where this was going.
At that last thought, the door to Steve and James’s shared room opened. They didn’t share a bed, just the room. Each had a little twin mattress shoved in there with a (second hand) dresser, and they shared a closet. Tony had seen for himself when Steve had gone to get him a blanket out of the top of said closet. James walked out wearing boxers and one of those white sleeveless undershirts, a bundle of clothes in his hands.
“Bring out the girls!” One of the men yelled, and Steve didn’t know what to do. It’s not like he ran the show and could order that to happen.
Steve nodded. “I thought that I’d been caught lying from all my times trying to enlist, but this doctor said he was going to give me a chance. Tony, I need to do this. I have to try…”
“You want my advice, Howard?” Tony spat. “Acting like a self-absorbed, petty and contemptuous bag of dicks is not going to do you any favors in life. Even fake humility is more palatable than being forced to choke on your smug bullshit.”
“Are you kidding me?” Tony hissed. “Your and Bucky’s Brooklyn drawl is one of things I love about you two. Screw Jacobson. If he has a problem with it, that’s what it is, his problem. He can grunt and groan all he wants, Steve, but there’s little else he can do.”
Tony felt his eye twitch, but thankfully it was covered by his menu. Taking a breath he said, “Sweetheart, you can get anything you want, and I mean that, but I had hoped to introduce you to some of my favorites and see if you’d enjoy them too.”
helps the effort, Rogers. People are tired of newsreels and footage of the fighting. People are fickle like that. They want to believe that good ol’ Uncle Sam has this in the bag, and they want to feel needed. It’s your job to convince them to help.”
Taking a deep breath through his nose, he pulled his lips over his teeth and began a tight slide down. At halfway, he backed up an inch then relaxed his throat before slowly bobbing towards the bottom. Bucky was very thick, and he felt the stretch as he reached the end. He swallowed a couple times around him before pulling up to the top. Keeping the tip in his mouth, he swirled his tongue around the head as he took another deep inhale.
Tony felt that familiar feeling of the world crashing down around him as his suspicions were being confirmed that no matter how hard he tried, he wouldn’t be able to change anything.
Bucky wholeheartedly agreed. Everyone he’d spoken to had raved about Tony’s work, and it wasn’t surprising because Bucky knew the man was a genius. An actual genius who by some miracle had found himself a place in their lives, and a miracle that he’d fallen in love with two jerks from Brooklyn after the fact.
It had been harder than he’d imagined, listening to Steve’s pain and hearing how lonely he’d been while having to bear it. Listening to how Steve thought about himself had been the hardest. It had hurt Bucky so much that he’d become angry, and that in itself was something new for him. Emotional pain was not something he was used to dealing with, and he’d felt a lot of it today.
That’s what this was. He was just horny, so any good looking person would do. Tony was shallow. It’s not like Tony was
He turned back to look at Steve as he walked over to his partner. His voice was a blend of exasperation and sarcasm. “Sometimes, I think you like getting punched.” It was an old line between the two of them going back to grade school.
Soon they were back to playing after Bucky had refilled their glasses and Tony reshuffled and dealt the cards. Fool him once, shame on you. Never again, Barnes.
Bucky watched as every screen and holo-bank in the room filled with pictures, footage, and documents. He couldn’t do this. He wanted to find Tony, but he didn’t want to know what he hadn’t already remembered. He didn’t want some half-assed explanation that was recorded down decades ago spoiling what they would soon be going through in his memories.
Now that Bucky was slowly beginning to show signs of these things, Steve wanted to gradually introduce him to the concept of self-discovery. Or self-rediscovery in Bucky’s case. Everything would be Bucky’s choice, of course, Steve didn’t want to push him one way or the other.
“I’ll get the water ready,” Steve said as he grabbed the bags that were still on the floor from earlier.
Bucky’s whole body spasmed as he tried to muffle his shout of surprise. “Tony, what…” he gasped, “what are you, aaahhhh…” He moaned as Tony repeated the gesture.
Also, what Tony did for Steve is what I found for treating an asthma attack without an inhaler. Remove stress, calm the person, hot caffeinated beverage and inhaling eucalyptus oil until emergency medical treatment arrives. Well, they didn't have emergency treatment for asthma back then. Medical science didn't acknowledge it as an actual physical illness until the 1960s. From the 1930s to the 1950s in particular, it was seen as a psychological disorder brought on by stress or depression.
Tony was playing a dangerous game, and the part of Steve that wasn’t being driven crazy at the moment loved it because Steve was tempted. Oh God, was he tempted. He could feel the energy thrumming through him. He had felt it building all day, and he just wanted to release it. He’d wanted to run and jump and punch and…
Sam continued, “That was damn good. Like little mom-and-pop Italian restaurant good. Where’d you learn to cook this way?”
“I, uh, I had almost forgot with the surprise dinner date, but I actually met with an army colonel today.” He said as he watched their peaceful faces morph into surprise.
They were almost at the front of the cinema house when they heard a faint crash from the alley to their right. They both looked at each other, and as their eyes met, they both said, “Shit.”
Steve knew he was technically a captain, though he hadn’t earned it. He was still enlisted in the army when the senator had given him this job and because of the title they’d wanted to use for the tour, they’d had to promote him to an actual Captain. They’d explained that otherwise, Steve could technically be charged with impersonating an officer. Army rules, Steve thought.
The young man smiled as he nodded his thanks and took Tony’s peace offering. Lighters were shared among the soldiers as the mood lifted, and they enjoyed the little comfort they had been given. He watched as Tony lit his own and deeply inhaled before blowing out a breath that had him visibly relaxing.
Steve looked out the window and whistled, “That’s a long way down.” When he saw Bucky grip his belt tighter, Steve winced and said, “Sorry, Buck.”
Tony’s breath caught. Was this happening? Should he let it? God, he wanted to. His mind battled over what he wanted and what was right. But Bucky was drunk, so this wasn’t right.
Steve was frozen in shock for a moment when Bucky closed the distance between them and wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist as he nuzzled his face against Steve’s neck. On instinct, Steve’s arms returned the embrace and squeezed gently as he felt Bucky try to move in even closer. Steve didn’t know if this was a dream or not, but if it was, it was the best one he’d had since he’d woken from the ice. He didn’t ever want this to end. He could die happily in his sleep after this dream.
The pain had nothing to do with his injuries. It came from being so close to what he wanted and knowing he couldn’t reach out for it.
He and Steve were doing as well as ever, and Bucky’s letters gave them both something to look forward to as they also helped mark the passage of time; however, there had been a new tone to the most recent ones in the past month and a half. Bucky seemed determined to do well in everything he did, and Tony wondered what had caused this change in him. He hoped that it wasn’t anything serious, and that Bucky just wanted to go into his advanced individual training with the most to offer.
“She went to powder her nose.” Steve said in that too controlled voice again. “Though I guess she found someone else to talk to on the way.”
Dum and Gabe moved back to give him space, but they didn’t go far. They couldn’t really because the cage was made smaller with them filling it, and there was already another man inside with them.
Almost an hour later, they were all riding together in the back of a taxi. Tony watched through the window as they passed Prospect Park before making their way to Kensington. The Irish/Italian neighborhood was a little out of the way from their own part of town, but that was part of the appeal. It made tonight feel just a little more special.
The other man shook his head. “Not just that. What you’re doing for those boys? It’s more than most would, and I’m glad ya are. They’ve had a hard lot in life, most folks have, but they never complain. They don’t cause trouble running ‘round town. It’s good of you to look after ‘em.”
“Thank you, Colonel,” Tony told him sincerely as he reached out, and the man shook his hand. “Really, thank you.”
t different, but…I’m glad you feel the same and remembered that about those girls. I spent a good chunk of last night thinkin’ there was even more wrong with me than I’d thought.”
Tony chuckled as he leaned forward and kissed Steve lightly. “Well, yeah. Like you said, Steve, it’s been months. I wouldn’t have pushed the issue if you weren’t in the mood, but,” he said as he pushed back again, and Steve could feel himself at Tony’s opening once more, “you definitely seem to be in the mood.”
Steve watched as she pulled a clear zippered bag from somewhere in that tight black suit of hers, honestly the things that woman carried around on her (where did she even hide them?). She put the phone into the bag before sealing it. “Hopefully JARVIS and Bruce will be able to do something with this.” She said as she finished.
and carefully pulled it over his head, trying to avoid his bruised face without jostling his stomach.
Steve’s eyes squeezed shut as he forced himself not to move. It seemed as though everything Tony was doing was deliberate in an attempt to drive him insane. The softer Tony’s touch was, and the slower he moved, seemed to magnify the sensations he was feeling. The nurse’s touch when he’d given blood had done nothing, been nothing at all compared to Tony’s hands running over his chest as he slowly rode him.
“I know you could, but I’m still coming.” Tony told him. “I know you don’t need my help, Steve, but I can’t just stay behind and wait. I can’t.”
Tony thought on it. Howard was actually being honest. Everything he’d said fell into line with what Tony knew about his father. If Howard actually respected Tony, even if it was begrudging, it would make working together infinitely more pleasant. He would still be on guard. It was Howard so he had to be, but he could call a cease fire on their hostilities if Howard would. Tony wasn’t a fool. Obviously, Howard could do this without Tony and be successful. He’d done it before. Maybe now Howard would be able to do the work he’d done the first time when he’d worked alone and hadn’t been trying to outshine another genius that had been placed in the lab with him.
by Victor Hugo. He hadn’t read it since he was thirteen and in high school. Some people think the story is depressing, but Tony liked the reminder that other people went through struggles too, and things could always be worse than they are now. It helped him focus on the things he could be thankful for.
Bucky’s voice cracked, sounding almost raw, as he answered. “Fuck, it’s so good, Stevie. Can feel his throat stetchin’ around me. Ahhhh, his hands, it’s driving me crazy.”
“Destiny and fate can be harsh masters.” Erskine told him. “Presumably in your original past, I never would have met you. I would have continued on my way to this diner and lived my life as I was meant to. Yet, you just so happen to have the misfortune of running into one of the few men in this city who would be able to sense that you don’t belong here. Fate? Destiny? Something is pushing you in the direction you need to go, Mr. Stark. I do not believe in coincidence anymore, not after everything I have seen.”
Phillips reached into a drawer and pulled out a bottle of whiskey and two glasses. He poured each of them an inch of liquid before he pushed a glass to Tony. “Drink that.”
“Steve, firstly, congratulations.” Steve blushed as Bucky smirked. “Secondly, I want you to face the possibility that while I’m
Natasha continued, “The beard must have been to hide his features. It does a good job of it. If I didn’t know this was him, it would be hard to make the connection.”
Steve rolled his eyes but didn’t comment further. They accepted he didn’t want to talk anymore on the subject, and they all finished their breakfast in companionable silence.
Tony had taken care of them in the past, and he was healing Bucky in the present. At this thought Steve’s joy and relief was muddied with worry for Tony. They had to find a way to help him. They had to bring him home.
“I wanna hear every detail about it after you leave to walk her home.” Bucky waggled his eyebrows as Steve rolled his eyes behind him.
There was just something about him that drew Steve in. He hadn’t seen it at first when they’d met. He’d been too bitter and self-righteous, but as he’d grown to really know Tony…Well, he’d be a liar if he said he wasn’t fascinated by him.
Steve grabbed his hand. “I don’t know what that means, Buck, but I’m pretty sure I would hate it. You wouldn’t be my Bucky.”
Steve looked up from the paper, and Bucky knew his own confusion matched Steve’s as the blonde asked, “You’re not coming with us?”
“It should only be for the day, and I’ll be back tomorrow evening. I promise.” Tony told him as he watched the tension drain from Steve’s muscles.
All of them had asked about Tony. Who was this man with him? Steve had merely stated that Tony was a friend. That he was new to the neighborhood. They had all promptly introduced themselves and welcomed him. And that was nice, Tony thought.
Steve began to remove his own clothes as he watched Bucky gently slide the jacket Tony was wearing off his shoulders and down his arms. The buttons of his shirt came next, and Steve matched each lost article of clothing with one of his own, a mirror image to what was being done to Tony.
When Tony commented on it, and asked what they usually did during the winter months, Bucky looked away, nervous and uncomfortable.
Tony was getting desperate enough to outright beg. He needed more, more of everything. He could feel his own cock laying neglected on his stomach. The wet tip of it smearing along his abs each time his body was jostled by one of them. He craved to take a full breath, but at the same time, the denial of that satisfaction coupled with the feeling of choking only turned him on more.
He felt something collide with his side, and he somehow knew it was Bucky even before he felt a metal hand squeeze at his arm for support.
Tony’s hands began to softly touch his chest before going down to lightly stroke against his sides. They moved behind Steve to run up his back then began their way back down accompanied by the pleasant scratch of nails through his shirt.
“Fuck, Bucky,” Steve groaned, low and breathy. “So gorgeous. It’s been forever since I got to feel you.”
“Don’t be. I got over it a long time ago. I actually learned to live without them long before they died.” He sighed, “It’s not like anything special is waiting in California. I just don’t really
“I beg your pardon?” Monty asked, but before Bucky could explain his crappy joke, a metal door screeched open somewhere behind him.
“I, uh,” How could he explain without saying that he was from the future where they’ve got a better understanding on asthma and emergency treatments without an inhaler. Modern inhalers didn’t exist yet. “I used to read a lot. Anything I came across. Medical journals were among them.”
Tony shrugged. “Some people don’t see it as truly topping. They would say that Bucky is topping from the bottom because you are servicing him and not the other way around. I don’t agree with this, but it is a thing. It’s considered a soft form of topping which makes you less dominant. It doesn’t really matter for us because I don’t really prescribe to labeling someone’s sexual preferences as an absolute thing. Fuck other people’s opinions.”
Tony finally had the chance to look around and see the destruction of the room. There was a broken lamp atop a desk that had a chair with an arm that had been ripped off. The radio had a large crack down its side. The dial was also pulled off as was the knob to the bathroom door. Tony could see the twisted metal fragments on the floor. A food tray on the nightstand was a mess. Bent silverware lay on top of soggy food filled with shards of glass from whatever cup Steve must have been trying to drink from before it shattered.
Tony dodged a punch then landed one of his own. Another of Joe’s made contact and knocked his head back. Bucky saw red when he saw Joe pull out a knife before his stomach quickly plummeted as the knife slashed across Tony’s front. He and Steve both launched forward a few steps before Tony quickly got the knife away from Joe and tossed it to the side.
Steve moaned as Tony began licking broader stripes across his opening. “Fuucckk, so good.” He said as pushed back against Tony’s mouth.
Suddenly, the hand around his cock released its grip, and Bucky came with a shout. Hot warmth spilled across his stomach as his vision blurred. His head arched back as his toes curled, and his fingers dug deeper into the twisted sheets. The orgasm was intense, and his body was spasming around the dick that was still moving inside him. The pleasure grew to be almost too much as his lovers continued to move on top of him, fucking him through his orgasm and pushing him further into a world of deep sensation.
“I can’t do that, Mr. Stark,” Tony noticed the change in how he now was being addressed. “It would be harmful to your health.”
It was the last thought he had as he saw Steve begin to move. On the first real thrust all three of them moaned. His Daddy’s hand moved between them along his cock and squeezed the base firmly, making sure Bucky was good and waited to come. The added pressure made him clench down, earning him praise from the man inside him. The sound let him know that he was being so good.
Howard had been livid when he’d found Tony and his boyfriend fooling around in Tony’s room. He’d sent Tony away the next day, early enrollment at a new school.
“We can bring you that notepad you always carry ‘round.” Bucky offered. “You know, the one you’re always scribbling in, and we can’t understand half of what it says.”
Bucky continued to grind against his hip as Tony poured out all of the emotion he could into his kiss with Steve. He needed to reassure his baby boy that he would be alright, and they would be the reason for it.
“Yeah, sorry,” Steve shifted, “but Lucille wanted to show me some of her art pieces, and I didn’t want to offend her so I walked her up to the apartment. And well, she uh.”
“What? We’re all adults, and it’s fun to knock a few back every once in a while.” Then Bucky smirked at him. “ Unless you’ve already had enough, Stevie.”
“Wonderfully relaxed and lucky enough to have souvenirs for tomorrow?” Tony cut him off firmly but kindly. “I’m not made of glass, Steve. I didn’t shatter. They’re just bruises and will be gone before you know it.”
Honestly, he and Bucky had been worried for the past few weeks. There was something off about Tony’s behavior, more than the usual quirks and peculiarities that they’d come to associate with him.
Steve looked back to the men following and caught Dugan looking at him, Bucky, and Tony. When the man realized Steve was watching, he gave a nod before looking forward again. Steve didn’t know what to make of that, or he hoped he didn’t.
Bucky smiled kindly. “That’s not a bad thing, doll. If I can like the stuff I do, and it’s OK, then you can get off watchin’ your two fellas together.” He smirked, “Especially if I can have you in my mouth while you’re doin’ it.”
Steve’s arms encircled him, and his hands ran along his chest in soothing touches. “I’m so proud of you, love,” the blonde whispered to him as he started lightly running his lips along Bucky’s throat, kissing him softly and making his breath hitch. This was more than alright.
“We’re meeting them tonight at the New Year’s Eve party the hospital staff is having. Are you going to come quietly, or do I have to drag you there tied up in a sack?”
Steve just smirked and repeated Tony’s own words from earlier. “But we’re going to nonetheless.” He turned back to the pot he’d taken out. “I hope you like potato soup.”
Rogers had shown up at the tower not long after with Romanoff, Barnes and a handsome man with a charming gap-toothed smile in tow. Tony had
“Life really loves to remind us that we aren’t in control, doesn’t it?” Tony asked, revealing a thought constantly plaguing him these days.
Steve shrugged. “It’s about all I can do to help besides the cooking and laundry. I’m too sick to work at the docks like Bucky, and when I do find a job, I usually get fired for missing work to fight a fever or something.”
Steve wailed as Tony leaned back again, and the other hand grabbed his sensitive, spent dick. He was so fucking overwhelmed at the added touch, but he still wished he was hard again even though it was too soon after having just come. It didn’t stop his cock from continuing to leak from the attention his prostate was receiving.
“Oh my God, you little scoundrel!” Tony burst out just as Bucky chuckled and asked, “And did you see her
Then, his Daddy was there above him, moving between his thighs as he gently ran calloused hands down his torso, making the muscles of his stomach jump with this new form of contact. Bucky’s legs were pushed open wider as they were brought to his chest, and yes, he finally felt the head of his Daddy’s dick at his opening. He looked between them and realized there was no condom. It would just be skin touching him, and he moaned at the thought because it was what he wanted. Nothing between them as he was taken.
It was another task entirely to keep everyone fed. Luckily, some of the newer men from the other group now under his command had come from the deep south of their country. They were used to hunting for their food. Bucky was so thankful for this and easily admitted it was a damn useful skill to have. Still, food was scarce here because of the destruction the war had caused. Bucky had never eaten rabbit before a few days ago, but as he’d chewed the meat, he’d sworn it was the best thing he’d ever had. He’d eaten several things for the first time these past few days.
“It’d be pretty hard for her to step on you. She’s barely five feet tall. You have at least three inches on her, easy.”
Tony shrugged. “Probably still at the movies. We can go find him there. I think we’re both running a little earlier than we’d planned.”
It was Gabe who finally spoke. “Holy crap, could you adopt me too? Because if you’re serious, then I’m sure as hell saying yes.”
Steve shook his head. “I’m good, and I plan to march. Just staying still will be enough of a rest. Me and Tony will handle this.” Because Steve knew there was no way Tony would be falling asleep as they watched over Bucky.
Tony looked at Steve while still slowly moving his hips. “You want to fuck him together, baby boy? We could fill up.”
“So we’re stuck like this?” Steve bit the words out as he focused on the present. “We’re benched indefinitely until what? This fixes itself? And what about Tony?”
Looking back at these new memories, Bucky wondered how he and Steve had been so naïve. The story Stark had told explaining why he didn’t have anywhere to go or the eventual evidence of just how brilliant the man was, but that’s common among the innocent. Trust was given far more easily. They were older now and had lived brutal lives since then. That innocence they’d once possessed was long gone.
filled the room. Tony wasn’t too familiar with the steps for this music, but he was a quick study, and Louise was a good dancer. They managed to make it through the first song without incident and followed it up with a plucky attempt at Fats Waller’s slightly goofy
The men around them laughed harder, but Tony and his partners just exchanged meaningful glances. As the laughter died away, Bucky asked, “So what is your active duty name going to be, Tony?”
He and Tony had received a letter from Bucky a couple of weeks back. It was not promising. There was an edge to it. He’d been thrown into combat almost immediately. Steve knew that he had already lost people, had killed people. The things he’d wrote and described were harsh, and Steve couldn’t begin to imagine what it was like for him there. Tony had just looked defeated after he’d read the letter.
doing them for the man he loved. Steve would do anything, give Bucky anything he wanted or needed, if it made him feel good. He remembered Tony had called it a “bit of a service kink”.
The hushed conversations of the prisoners died as three men walked into view. Two of them were clearly guards dressed in all black with masks covering their faces, but Bucky had never seen the uniforms before. One was a shorter, balding man with glasses dressed in a white doctor’s coat. They moved through the walkway between the cages before coming to a stop two cells from Bucky’s.
“He’s not legally changing my name,” Tony tried to explain this in the most believable way he could think of.
It was getting better. Steve’s voice was breathy but wasn’t pulling in the painful gulps of air like before. Tony just nodded in approval as they went on.
“Can’t believe how much the army is bending over backwards for Steve.” Bucky shook his head as he resolutely avoided looking at the window. “I know he deserves it. He’s earned it, but couldn’t he have requested a nice boat for us?”
“No, I mean yes,” Steve said quickly, “Of course I enjoyed it. I loved everything, but I was just wondering…” Steve took a deep breath and released it. “He took really good care of you, and you seemed to like it, and I wondered…”
Oh, now there was a question. How could he even begin to go into all the things he’d done and his preferences without coming off like the man-whore he knows everyone says he is.
Tony was doing well after the accident, better than that even. His aches and pains hadn’t lasted more than a couple of days after he returned home, and his bruises were nearly all gone. Only evidence of the worst ones remained, and they were the almost healed color of greenish-yellow, quickly fading to nothing. Tony found it almost funny that his bones could mend themselves in four days, but the bruises took nearly two weeks to recover from. Maybe because they weren’t all that threatening? He didn’t know, and with Bucky’s arrival so close at the moment, he didn’t care.
“What happened to Ann?” Tony regretted the words as soon as they’d left his mouth. He knew what had happened, and it pissed him off that Steve had been cast away by the stupid woman.
“Oh, he did. He called me a lab experiment and said everything special about me came from a bottle.” Steve sighed. “If the helicarrier hadn’t started exploding, I’m pretty sure we would’ve started fighting in the next few moments. It took me a long time to get past those words. It didn’t really happen until I took the blame for what I’d said to him, too. We were both wrong and were both hurt because of it.”
Steve spoke first. “Are you alright? Do you need something?” His hands hovered over Tony’s stomach, clearly wanting to check beneath the wrappings but not sure if it would be welcome.
Bucky shook his head. “He didn’t even know me then. Why would he care so much when he didn’t even know me? I was a nightmare those first few months.”
Tony watched him go to the tiny bathroom in the corner of the apartment next to the kitchen. The sound of a faucet running could be heard through the door as James got ready for his day. Tony supposed it was time to get up.
“Thank you,” Bucky answered, a light blush touching his cheeks. His boys were gonna kill him with those blushes tonight.
? Yeah, it’s like one of THE Zeppelin songs.” Tony was surprised. He hadn’t pegged Steve for a classic rock fan. Curious, he continued, “Did you look into any other songs of theirs?”
Tony had walked out. And kept walking. He used the time to come to terms with his new reality. He was stuck here. Magic couldn’t get him back, and unless he could figure out how to build a time machine, he was shit out of options. Maybe now that he was properly motivated he’d be able to figure out the temporal and quantum mechanics of building a vessel that could travel at the speed of light. Then he could prove Einstein’s theory of special relativity.
“You called her sweet thing.” And even though his voice was breathy and aroused, Tony could hear a small amount of upset in that statement.”
Tony felt hands touch him before arms surrounded him, and he started to push them off because he needed to breathe, and they were too close!
Last night had been wonderful. Finding out Tony loved them too and getting to be with him was so much more than Steve had hoped for, and watching Tony take Bucky apart as Steve fucked his mouth had been hot as hell. He loved it when Bucky just let himself go.
“You know we probably woulda been dead by tomorrow if you hadn’t thought of this,” Dum told him as he looked through his own body’s pack. Bucky was grateful to see that he was finding things of use as well. He was also grateful of what his friend was trying to say.
, Tony thought just as the bathroom door was opened by Steve who was dressed for bed. God, he looked adorable.
Thankfully, Bucky shrugged, “Yeah, it does, but I’ve seen the army do a lot of stupid things for worse reasons. A lot of stupid things.”
“Fuckin’ Nazis,” Morita hissed as Dernier began a string of curses in French that Tony heartily approved of.
“Hey!” Bucky yelled as he grabbed the guy’s arm, yanking him away and spinning him towards where Tony was standing. “Pick on someone your own size.”
And Steve knew he had him because Tony would most certainly (gently) shove Bucky into the back of a truck without batting an eye. Bucky knew it too and sighed, finally letting his exhaustion show itself again as he slumped back. It looked like he hadn’t slept in months, and Steve realized that was probably very close to the truth.
Steve laughed. “As long as you stay humble,” he said as he tucked himself back against Tony. They were sticky with sweat and each other’s fluids, but they made no move to leave the bed and their embrace. They just stayed in the other’s arms and enjoyed the comfort that their closeness offered them. It had been a long week, and Bucky would be gone for many more to follow.
“And we get to try a bit of each.” Bucky said almost excitedly. “Are any of these like that pasta we made for you?”
Tony pulled out his freshly issued army identification card and said, “Charge everything to Anthony Sutton, but I want the rooms assigned to my friends in their names along with their keys. Fellas?” He turned back to look at the group expectantly.
Sorry for the wait, but here it is. Tony is about to learn more about his otherness, and predictably, he doesn't like it. Bucky is about to try some of that self-rediscovery Steve was planning for him without supervision.
“Good,” Bruce said, looking relieved. “I’m glad it’s not still causing you pain. Is it the same for you, James?”
Erskine chuckled. “It is a gift afforded with age.” His expression became more serious as he added. “Will you be alright, Tony?”
“Glad it amuses you,” Steve said in a deadpan voice, but his eyes were playful. “So, if you’re right, and I get to pick my team, do you think these guys will do it? They just got away from the front, and none of them have to go back.”
He had gotten Steve to tell him more about Tony from before Bucky had arrived. He’d made the blonde tell him more about their first meeting that went so badly. The first time they’d fought with each other before they learned to fight side by side. Bucky had been surprised to hear how rude Tony had been to Steve. It seemed so strange to him against all the memories he now had of the man because Tony had adored them.
Then, Tony was falling, and as the air whipped past him and the explosions surrounded them, he felt a sense of homecoming. He watched Steve’s parachute deploy below him, adrenaline rushed through his veins, and he felt alive. He’d missed this. The danger and thrill of being in the air was closer to being in the Iron Man suit than he’d felt in years.
“Anthony, what the hell are you doing here?” Howard had asked from the pilot’s seat where he’d been going through preflight procedures. Seriously, how many times would Tony have to hear his father say that to him in his life?
Apparently, that was all Joe needed. He lunged forward swinging a mean right cross at Tony’s face. Tony had seen it coming and stepped to the left. His own right hand, kept down low, flew out and connected with his attacker’s stomach in a low hook. Air left Joe’s lungs in a rush, and he stumbled a step. Shaking it off with a huff, Joe attacked again.
To his side Bucky saw Dugan move to defend him, and he turned to grab the man’s shoulder. Dum was loyal past the point of common sense, and Bucky had seen what happened to others who’d tried to get in the way of the guards. He wouldn’t let his friend get beaten down and injured in a hopeless attempt to help him.
Bucky just moaned and pushed back harder on his fingers, so Tony took that as a yes. He inserted the tip of a third, easing it in beside the others. Tony slowly worked all three in, giving Bucky time to adjust, and ran the pad of his middle finger over the prostate again to help take away any discomfort.
“So, we can’t know the exact time when this curse began affecting photographs and documents,” Steve muttered.
For his boys Tony would bake Howard a fucking cake and spoon feed it to him. He met Erskine’s eyes. “I have more than enough experience dealing with Howard.”
“Oh, I can,” Tony cut him off because no way was he going to let this jerkoff tell him anything of the sort. “I work for Captain Rogers, not you. I go where he tells me, when he tells me, so you had better get used to my presence here. Don’t worry, I promise to avoid you as much as possible.”
Tony’s throat closed at the request. Trust Steve to make him choke up over something so simple. Tony had been working almost nonstop. He had work at the hospital, work on their building, work around the city and his consulting job with the SSR. He hadn’t taken a day off in weeks and was coming home later than ever before.
He grabbed Tony by the waist and pulled him down, impaling the man on his cock. Tony choked as his eyes rolled back, but Steve couldn’t bring himself to stop now. It was liked a dam had broken. He sat up and easily used his arms to fuck Tony, moving him up and down almost violently, and Tony moaned and cursed breathlessly the whole time as he held onto Steve’s shoulder’s like his life depended on it.
“It won’t happen.” Bucky said because he needed to believe it. “He’s as average as they come, and his head is as empty as a shell casing.”
Tony removed his fingers from Steve’s relaxed hole and used them to collect the ejaculate that was still on his stomach. Tony moved his now covered fingers back to Steve’s entrance, circling lightly but going no further. “Maybe you need a break? You look a little tired.”
Tony was a thirty-nine year old borderline alcoholic with PTSD, health issues, and an endless list of character defects. Not to mention the scars that ran across his body thanks to being Iron Man. He supposed that most of them weren’t too bad. Some people thought battle scars could be sexy, right?
Tony looked down at Steve to include him in the question, but he too seemed to be waiting for Bucky’s answer. Of course he was, Steve was all about giving Bucky what he wanted, the self-sacrificing idiot. Tony loved him for it.
“Unfortunately, there is sometimes a grey area with service topping.” Tony said as if mostly to himself.
Bucky sighed and rubbed his face. “I don’t know, Stevie. Tony’s always been a bit of mystery, but…I’m just thankful it wasn’t worse. Fuckin’ Joe Collins pulled a knife on him!” He said looking livid. Steve understood that feeling.
Tony sighed as he readied himself for this conversation before getting up and giving Steve his tray. “Well, I better go make nice. Do me a favor and finish this, Cap,” he said as he handed Steve his mostly untouched food. “Gabe brought it all the way over here, and I’d hate to see it go to waste. Besides, you could probably use the calories.”
“We will need a powerful practitioner of magic, this Supreme Sorcerer you spoke of.” He said gravely. “Even then, I’m not certain how we will fix this, but his knowledge will be greater than my own.”
So with about thirty-two dollars in his pocket and groceries in his arms, Tony was knocking on the door to the too small apartment, hoping Steve was there to let him in.
if he trusted Strange, not Steve. Which meant that James trusted Tony’s judgement. Well, how about that?
Bucky laughed so loudly that several of the other men turned to watch. “Oh God, that’s priceless,” he said breathlessly.
“I don’t know,” Tony said darkly. “I’ve been known to break the men I train. Wouldn’t want to break something so beautiful.”
“So, Tony,” Gabe asked beside him, “what’s your rank? I mean, I know you said sidekick, but you’re not in uniform. Are you the Captain’s Lieutenant? How do we address you?”
The pace was brutal, almost primal as Steve poured every ounce of worry and pain and frustration he’d tried to contain in the past few days. His muscles were singing at the chance to finally be used again, and Steve didn’t feel clumsy. He didn’t feel scared. He felt powerful. As his eyes locked with Tony’s again, he felt loved.
It was the most thoughtful gift that Tony had ever received, and he had told them so through his wet eyes. It made him homesick sometimes when he read it. He missed his bots and JARVIS, but the pain of his loss was always dulled by his two loves, his sources of light. They carried him through time with them.
“Good boy,” he praised before turning to Steve. “I know just how I want you, baby boy,” he told him as Tony grabbed him by the waist and almost lifted him onto Bucky in a reverse riding position. Steve let out a little choking noise, and Tony knew why. Steve loved being manhandled by Tony, whether it was being pushed around or held down.
“I hear from the good doctor that you’re some kind of genius or whatnot?” The gruff military man asked as he’d met them in the training yard of Camp Lehigh where Tony and Erskine had driven out to New Jersey.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice was off. Shock and something else changed his normal tone. “You…I can’t believe you did that. You…”
Steve grabbed his jacket and slid his arms through the sleeves. He liked leather because he didn’t have to worry as much about his strength with the durable material. Tony was dressed in his black wool peacoat that ended at his hips. He wore a deep grey scarf and charcoal pants along with black boots to complete his outfit. The clothes combined with the glasses and beard made him look very imposing.
Tony felt like a spectator at a tennis match as his head moved back and forth between the two lifelong friends as Bucky kept up a series of questions he must have been waiting to ask Steve since puberty began.
“I told him he should at least try,” Steve continued with the story. “And after a little bit of talkin’, he had no good reason not to go ask.”
“Well, not all the time, no.” Tony said.  Bucky looked up to him in confusion. “We’ve all got dates tonight.”
Howard had nodded before he’d gone back to the circuit board he’d been working on, but Tony could have sworn something had passed in his father’s eyes as he’d turned away. “Go home, Anthony. I’m just finishing small things at the moment. Come back in a couple of days. I’ll be starting work on the injection system, and you can give me your input then.”
“I’m leaving anyway,” Tony said, trying to stop Clint’s rambling and handed him his precious coffee mug. “Here's your precious mug, just clean it.”
The others had seemed to enjoy their night out. They had all said yes to Steve’s offer of joining his team before making the blonde buy half the pub’s stock of beer for them. True to his word, Dugan did indeed need to be carried back to the hotel, and Bucky had been right in knowing that Steve would be the one to do it. It was crazy how strong Steve seemed to be now because the way he’d carried the large man had looked effortless.
Even as he said it, Tony knew he was dooming both Steve and himself, but he was also saving Bucky, for a time at least. “I wish I could believe in destiny like you do.” He offered, trying to hide his pain. “I just see it as a thief coming to take the people I love.”
“My contract states that any medical services provided to the above mentioned parties, in which I am one of the parties, would be covered by this hospital in full. If you attempt to breach that contract, I would be within full rights to sue this facility.” Tony breathed, feeling an ache in his ribs that reminded him that they were still sore, but he ignored it. “So, I will say this one more time. Remove this fucking plaster and draw up the paperwork to release me. I am going home.”
“No, no,” Tony quickly tried to explain. “I really had just had the rug pulled from under my feet. Besides, wearing this suit to sleep on the ground? No. It would have been wrinkled beyond repair. Don’t you remember how dashing I looked yesterday?” He tried to joke, but they still looked worried.
“I’m so sorry,” he croaked around his heaving breaths. “I’m so sorry, Steve. I forgot you. How could I forget you? I
Tony didn’t like what it could mean for him in the long run, especially if he ultimately failed in his plans. He would not, however, think about that now. He couldn’t. In a month Bucky would go to war, and Steve would go to Camp Lehigh to train before being selected for Project Rebirth. Tony had to stay focused on everything in front of him. One slip up now, and it could all be ruined.
If it were anyone else, Steve wouldn’t have believed their nerve at speaking to Phillips in such a way, but this was Tony. He didn’t answer to anyone except Steve and Bucky, at least, that was when he answered to them at all. In Tony’s mind he didn’t owe the man more of an explanation than that, and Steve agreed.
Bucky was so confused at Steve’s words, he didn’t understand what he had to do with Steve’s relationship with Tony anymore. “But I’m not now, I’m not that person.” He said as he tried to find a way to tell Steve what the blonde seemed to be missing. “I might be able to remember more of who I used to be, but that isn’t me. I’m too damaged, Stevie. You don’t need to try to love a murderer. You deserve better than that.”
Tony paused to grab a newspaper from a young boy selling them on the corner. He handed the boy a quarter. “Keep the change kid.” Tony said as he resumed walking.
“Then, believe me when I say that there is no such thing as normal sex. Everyone is different, and as long as both people are consenting adults, they decide what gives them pleasure. You calling me daddy is not unheard of, it’s not unnatural. You did it because I was doing something
Yeah, he probably loved them. His time spent in their company was the happiest of his life. Cooking with Steve, joking with Bucky. Watching Steve draw on the floor next to the sofa as Tony pretended to read the paper, hearing Bucky sing along with the radio as he worked around the apartment doing little chores. His life had never been so peaceful.
But he knew Tony and Steve would never hurt him, the bath was an example of that. They wanted to take care of him, and he desperately wanted that to happen. He wanted hands that were gentle, hands that made him feel good.
Finally, Thor lifted his head and looked at Steve, his eyes filled with something he couldn’t place.
Steve hardly left him any time to adjust before he started a rhythm with his fingers in Tony. Occasionally scissoring them to open him even more, he was merciless as he seemingly avoided the area where Tony’s prostate was.
Yes, Bucky thought as he sipped more juice, they both clearly remembered Tony saying those same things to someone else in defense of Steve. And now, Bucky knew why.
Bucky looked at him almost shyly. “I think I miss your spaghetti. Bruce and Sam have made most of the meals since we got here, and when they made it, well, it wasn’t the same as I remember now.” He looked at Steve with a pinched brow. “Why don’t you cook anymore? You used to cook almost every night, or is that wrong?”
He almost stopped when he heard another sound, but why stop? They’d hurt him regardless, and at least he could focus on this until then. He chanted, but almost paused when he heard a voice that could not be there. He decided to ignore it. He’d hallucinated before. He seen and heard his partners in his darkest hours as if reminding him to be strong. He’d known it wasn’t real, and that had made it worse.
“I’d be happy to discuss your concerns, Mr. Stark,” Erskine answered cordially, “but first, I would like to finally introduce Mr. Anthony Stark.”
“Doesn’t he always?” Steve countered. “I’ve been dealing with their shit for years, Buck. You know how they are. They’re just bullies, and they look at me and see an easy target.”
Bucky could almost hear his younger, naïve self as he promised Tony that he didn’t plan on dying overseas. That he would return to him, and Tony wouldn’t be alone.
When JARVIS had notified them over forty-five minutes ago that Tony’s locator in his watch had gone off grid, and he had been unable to reactivate it from the tower servers, the team had assembled and taken a Quinjet to bypass traffic and race to the last place the signal had come from. They were nowhere closer to understanding what happened than when they’d arrived.
“Sir, yes, sir.” Tony saluted, and swear to God, Philips eyes almost rolled at that before he walked away.
“Yeah, you’re just a little better at it than I am.” Steve said sarcastically. His voice softened as he continued, “I’m glad Bucky’s doin’ OK. I’m glad he found somethin’ he’s good at. I know he shouldn’t want to shoot people, but it’s kinda a relief to know he’s good at it. It might make me worry a bit less about him.”
“Hey,” Steve told him, “it’s not a big deal, Buck. Like I said, we gotta eat, so we might as well eat something you like.”
Hello lovely readers! I'm back with the chapter I promised. Real life has been wearing me down at work, it's a busy time of year for us, so thanks again for all of your patience and support. Every comment makes me smile. You guys are the best.
Howard looked over Tony’s shoulder to address the man that controlled everything in the building, including them. “Colonel, we’ve come to the conclusion that a few more tests are in order before we clear the project for the next stage.”
“On your back, sweetheart. Pillow under your hips.” Tony ordered as Steve also withdrew his hand, following Tony’s lead.
“It took you long enough, then. Do you know how long it takes me to fall asleep? I actually have to stay still long enough to fall asleep.”
From a back room, Michael O’Shea popped his head out. “It’s nothing, Tony! Thank you for fixing that lighting problem on short notice. I got a good band comin’ in tonight, and I kinda need people to see them on the stage.”
Bucky looked surprised as he must have realized that his two sets of friends didn’t actually know each other. “Right, uh, Timothy Dugan you know from my letters while training. The Brit is James Montgomery Falsworth, but please, call him Monty cuz we don’t need another James. The guy with the big gun by Tony is Gabe Jones. Jacques Dernier is French, obviously. He was in the Resistance and likes to make things explode.”
“They haven’t been by in a while.” Steve continued. “We’ll get you some more morphine. Ruth went home a few hours ago, but the other nurse should be around.”
Tony probably shouldn’t have been surprised, but he was. He was a stranger, and they were just inviting him into their home? But this was Steve Rogers and James Barnes, they wouldn’t turn their backs on someone who needed help. Especially someone who they felt they owed something to.
“Not all of us can storm a tank or drive a…No, wait. I’m sorry.” Steve looked lost on the partially set-up stage as people worked and moved around him getting ready for tonight’s show.
They had just sat down when Steve appeared from the bedroom, looking rumpled in his too big shirt and boxers, just in time for food. Just like yesterday. Tony was sensing a pattern. Steve yawned around his toast but declined any coffee, much to Tony’s internal outrage. Who said no to coffee in the morning?
Each time Steve thought of it, he felt like dying. He had seen a video from one of the Hydra files they’d uncovered in S.H.I.E.L.D.’s data drop. Bucky had looked so lost, so numb until those clamps had held his arms down. His breathing had quickened into what could easily be read as fear, even when he’d obediently opened his mouth for the bite guard and rested his head back for that fucking headpiece to close around his face.
Did this feel rushed? If it did, my apologies. I just couldn't think of a more natural way of getting Tony to stay with the boys, short of having him live on the street or at a shelter while he slowly befriended them. I wanted to keep the plot moving because I already miss sarcastic, witty Tony.
“That’s not nothing.” And before he thought about it, Tony was next to him with his hand at the back of his head. His fingers gently pressing over the hairline to find a large bump. “You could be concussed.”
“How’s the head? Are you feeling dizzy? Nauseous?” Tony asked, partly out of concern for Steve and partly to prolong his stay.
Tony looked at him kindly before shaking his head. “You’ve shared space long enough. You deserve some time to yourselves. If you want to bunk together, that’s your business, but at least I know you’ll have the option.”
“He’s an inventor,” Bucky told them, “and I mean, I haven’t seen anything he can’t fix or build. He was an army consultant, but what he did is classified for now. He’s just…Tony.”
Tony shrugged. “I’d have lifted some ether from the hospital, knocked his ass out, brought him to a side street at night and left him there naked. He’d have been arrested, discredited and his wife would have kicked him out. This way was a lot less work.”
Tony blew out a deep breath. “It is sometimes very inconvenient with how observant you are. Just saying.”
Tony felt himself die a little with that confession because he knew what it would mean for his brave, sweet boy. He couldn’t do this. Steve and Bucky always talked about how strong he was, but he wasn’t strong enough for this. If he lost them, he knew it would kill him just as much as a bullet to the brain would. Fuck, he’d probably put the bullet there himself.
Stephen Strange. That was a mouthful, so Tony just called him Strange, which was perfect because that man was odd. And kind of a dick which was ironic coming from Tony.
“I’m so tired of feeling alone.” Steve began softly. “Ever since the ice, I’ve been alone. Even surrounded by people at shield or here in the tower, I didn’t have anyone. Who could I talk to that would understand? Really understand and not just nod their head and offer sympathy or advice based on nothing at all?”
“Was there a reason you asked, Steve?” Tony guessed why, but he wanted to hear Steve say it. If he couldn’t say it, how could he do it?
“I’m so sorry, Tony,” Bucky choked out against his partner’s neck. “I promised I’d stay safe, and I…”
Bucky watched as he put the bottles on ice (so to speak) and shrugged. “A guy I know who owed me a favor. A couple favors actually.”
Another shot rang out, and this time Tony’s bullet grazed the man’s cheek. Schmidt recoiled to grab his face, appearing to struggle with the wound. Steve wondered for a moment if Tony’s bullet had done more damage than he’d thought, but when Schmidt finally looked back to them, they looked on in horror as he peeled the skin away. Schmidt’s face looked like nothing more than red skeletal bone, a nightmare Steve would have never believed to exist.
He’d then gone to visit Francesco. After Tony had explained that Steve and he were leaving to help with the war effort and didn’t know when they would return, he’d handed him the metal storage box that contained their treasures, their memories. Tony’s voice had broken as he’d begged his friend to keep it safe in the family’s custody. He’d begged that if they didn’t return, the man would protect and pass this down through his family. That he would make sure it was never thrown away or sold for any reason.
If the other guys thought it was odd that the three of them were sharing a hotel suite, they hadn’t mentioned it as far as he knew. Granted, the suite did have three rooms, so it wasn’t all that crazy. Truthfully, he suspected that his friends just thought that Tony and Steve had wanted to keep an eye on him after being used as a lab rat, especially since none of them knew what they’d been injecting Bucky with. Bucky didn’t think he wanted to know, and as long as he continued to get better, he didn’t care if he found out. He’d still catch the other men’s eyes on him sometimes as if they still worried, but he chose to ignore it and just be grateful they cared.
“I know,” he answered as his breath hitched. “I’m just…It’s still hard to do things for myself, and this is so much more than asking for food I like and talking to people.”
Bucky huffed tiredly, “Even if you did, I wouldn’t have gotten it. Reliable mail is almost impossible at the front.”
“Yeah,” Steve muttered, a little dejectedly, “thanks, Mister.” Then Steve met his eyes and something in them hardened. “It’s not that I don’t appreciate your help, but I could have handled it. I can take care of myself, and I ain’t no kid.” Apparently, Steve’s pride and determination were healthier than his body.
Tony stood in the corner of the little medical room as he watched a nurse take vial after vial of Steve’s blood. The blonde was now so big compared to the little woman. His large frame overwhelmed the table he sat on, and his muscles couldn’t be concealed in the new shirt he was wearing. He could tell the other man was trying to come to terms with the events of that day. They all were.
“Height and muscles and lackey assholes to do your bidding. Steve doesn’t have any of that but he’s still worth ten of you on his worst day.”
Bucky’s blood froze. The reality of their situation finally crashing down and making him feel hollow as he looked at Dugan and Gabe. He knew their faces must have mirrored his own at the moment. They really were in the Devil’s basement.
“Tony was never supposed to be there.” Bruce explained. “Every interaction your past self has with him, and every effect from that interaction, is going to change what you know. From what I can tell, your memories are being rewritten.”
As he continued to watch Bucky remove his shirt and reveal that gorgeous skin of his, he felt Steve’s hand slide up along his chest and the length of his neck to reach the back of his head. Tony felt as Steve’s fingers closed around a portion of hair and gripped tight before pulling back to stretch out his neck and make him look at the ceiling. Tony now knew what scenario Steve had planned, and he was more than happy with it.
They made good time, but Steve could tell the men were tiring. They’d been walking for a few hours, and the sun was beginning to rise when he called a halt. He turned to the men that Bucky seemed to know best and said, “We should rest for bit. Tell the groups down the line that we’ll break for three hours. Tell them to sleep while they can but have them assign two people from each group to keep watch while they do. When we start again, those men will be able to go in the trucks and rest while we continue our march.”
Steve had gotten into the chamber. No, he’d seen quite enough of her smirks and smiles in the past several weeks, and the one she was wearing now as she consoled him by saying Erskine would have been proud held something the previous ones had not. Intent.
It had taken another three days after he’d come home from the hospital before Steve had allowed Tony to return to work, and that was with Tony practically pleading with him and reminding Steve that he had a job with the army, and they would want him back soon. Of course, Tony had managed to contact Erskine after his release from the hospital and let him know what had happened.
Steve let the hot water rain down over him in his shower. He was exhausted; mentally, physically and emotionally exhausted from everything that had happened over the course of the day. It had started out as any other morning, a continuation of the day before, but everything had changed in a matter of hours.
“How do you know he wasn’t talking about my orders?” Steve said in mock offense. “We both know I’m more strict than you ever are with him.”
With his mind made up, Tony leaned forward and gently kissed Bucky before turning to do the same with Steve, then he rose to his feet, and firmly said,  “I’ll be right back.”
Tony shrugged as he looked up to Steve’s face. “It’s not like I have anything else to do while we tour, and this way no one can claim that it isn’t true. I’m clearly handling the day to day affairs of your life and kicking ass while I do it, I might add.”
“Stark,” Tony finished for him, sincerely hoping this wouldn’t come back to bite him in the ass. He hadn’t planned on giving his full name if he could help it, and the look of speculative surprise on Erskine’s face only reinforced that previous desire. Had the man met Howard yet?
Tony waited as their food was put in front of them. When they were alone again, he answered. “That’s not exactly ethical, is it? Do I really have that right?” He thought about Steve and Bucky. “Though I have to admit that recently I have been wondering what I’m willing to sacrifice to protect the future. I’m not above admitting that I would almost gladly change some things if I could, even though I know how badly it could affect things. It’s the most selfish thought I’ve ever had, but it doesn’t change how I feel. If it would protect…”
“Wow, really?” He asked excitedly. He had wanted to go but didn’t know if his partners would agree since Tony hinted that he’d already made plans.
Steve and Bucky were giving him the normalcy he needed right now, without judgement. They teased each other and traded playful insults like always as Tony helped himself to much needed coffee and listened to their antics. He felt something settle in his chest. This was what trust felt like. This was respect.
Tony was trying to settle himself for when Bucky left. He had noticed similar behavior at random moments these past three weeks and knew that Tony was steeling himself to say goodbye again. So, no, he wouldn’t ask because he knew he wouldn’t get the truth if Tony answered. That thought left an empty feeling in his stomach, and for once, Bucky didn’t push it away.
“In here Buck, and sorry, not yet.” Steve called out as he turned and grabbed a pot from a lower cabinet.
“Yes,” he groaned, “It’s so good. He’s doing so fucking good. So good, my sweet boy. AAhh…” he cried out as Bucky firmly began to stroke the stretch of skin beneath his balls with a finger, his mouth never stopping.
“I think I prefer the word triad, too.” Steve said next to him. “Throuple sounds kinda odd.” And Bucky agreed with Steve on that.
“If you knew that my information was fraudulent, then why did you accept me in the project?” Tony had to ask.
Steve ran his hands through Bucky’s hair and grabbed a fistful in each to hold him steady. He kept his hips still, waiting for Tony to set the pace and push Bucky deeper.
Tony shuddered as all the air left his lungs. Right, he… OK. There were no hands trying to hurt him. It was Steve and Bucky, both of whom he could now see looked terrified.
Steve defended their missing partner. “It was a rough start, but he learned really fast, like everything with Tony, I suppose. But Bucky’s right, it’s almost our third December with him.” Steve turned to look at him. “I wonder what gift we’re going to get him this year. More Asimov?”
The man’s eyes widened when Tony pulled out a stack of English currency, and he answered, “At once, sir,” before checking his ledger. Bucky watched as the man began filling out the necessary information before asking, “The name this will be under?”
Steve pulled back from the kiss, and Tony tried to catch his breath before Steve pushed him down against the mattress. He turned to whisper something to Bucky as Tony panted watching them, wondering what would happen next. He kind of loved that he didn’t know. He was at Steve’s mercy in this.
Steve finally let someone in, and you know it would need to be Bucky. You can't take care of everyone all the time if you don't take care of yourself some of the time.
“Bucky,” he tried quietly, but the brunet wouldn’t meet his eyes. So he made his voice firmer, sounding like a parent that expected an answer. “James.”
“It’s not quite ready, but if you boys want to set the table in the meantime while I finish.” He called out.
Steve looked around before answering, “I’m Captain America.” Tony couldn’t help but roll his eyes at that.
“If one of those chorus girls tried to flirt with you again, I don’t think I need to hear it.” Tony said as he looked up at his partner.
“Now, run!” Was all Tony said as he and Steve each wrapped an arm around Bucky’s middle to help him along their way. The walls were shaking, and behind them the ceiling was crashing down. The concrete below their feet and to their sides was cracking, but they never slowed. Finally, he could see a door hanging open up ahead, and Steve could see outside just beyond it. They were so close. Steve and Tony put on a burst of speed and practically dragged Bucky with them the rest of the way until cool air hit their faces. Just as they’d reached freedom, the walls of the factory behind them began to crumble.
He and his date made it out to the dance floor not long after, and he got to put his dance lessons from Bucky to use for the first time. It was really kind of fun. One song turned into two, then three and before he knew it, two hours had come and gone. He and Bucky had even traded for a couple of songs to keep things lively before they’d jokingly cut in to get back their dancing partner.
“Brigadier, huh? I heard you guys were tough bastards, but I think you’re crazy jumpin’ from planes.” he said as he looked around through the bars to the other cages, but Bucky didn’t see any other uniforms that matched with the British Major’s. “Are your men here, too?”
Bucky continued, “He really fought his way through that factory? That must have been somethin’ to see.”
Steve looked down to Bucky, who was helped to his feet by Tony. Steve was gratified to see that he seemed steadier. The food and water already appeared to be helping him.
“Maybe we should go to a movie next week,” Tony began as Bucky shuffled the deck. “That new James Stewart movie is coming out. His stuff’s usually good.”
“Steve. Steve!” Bucky’s voice was still beside him growing even more panicked. “Steve, what’s going on? What’s the ma—aahhh…”
“It’s probably a moot point anyway.” Tony shrugged. “I don’t see myself getting asked out again any time soon, but hope springs eternal!” He looked past them to the kitchen. “In the meantime I believe lunch is almost ready. Well, more like Christmas brunch.”
The days passed. One week, then two. Bucky and Steve still sang his praises every time they finished a hot shower or had a meal that wasn’t accompanied by flickering overhead lighting or listened to the radio without it cutting to static. He’d also built a vacuum cleaner from parts he’d collected. Bye-bye shitty straw broom, hello quick and easy cleaning. It was better for Steve's asthma, too.
After his midday trip, he went to the hospital to do a routine check for anything that might require his attention. That’s when he heard news of the latest scandal. Nurse Byrne’s husband had run out on her. Left a note and gone. Tony looked properly appalled at hearing this, though internally he was just glad that the asshole was out if his life. Assuming responsibility for what he’d done and trying to be a good neighbor, Tony had then sought her out.
“That’s just a few examples,” Tony continued, keeping eye contact, “but the most common element is the freedom that submission gives them, that surrender and the knowledge that it, in no way, makes them weak. I always believed it takes a good deal of strength to submit to someone else. Like last night, you just let yourself go and knew that you would be cared for by Steve and me. A loss of control can be a scary thing, especially when sex is involved, so I am honored that you trusted me with that.”
Steve could see the man was trying to keep his composure, but his voice shook slightly. Though Steve didn’t know the story behind their friendship yet, Bucky had obviously bonded with the man and earned his respect. Bucky just smiled tiredly, “I couldn’t leave ya to deal with these guys on your own, Monty. No one deserves that.”
He just kept talking about Steve and how he’d promised to protect him. And even though Bucky would admit that he was a little scared of Tony in that moment, a warmth spread through him when he heard the man so upset over Steve getting hurt.
James, seventeen at the time, had quit in his last year of school to get a job to pay the rent, but had insisted Steve finish his education, having said that Steve had always been the brains anyway. Steve had found odd jobs on weekends and holidays to help, eventually learning that he could sell his art to a very specific clientele. It had especially helped in paying for Steve’s medicine and doctor’s bills.
She grinned. “I’ve seen you in here a lot, but I didn’t know you could be this charming, at least when you’re not trying to sweet talk a free licorice lace from Edna.”
Tony had been brought by Dr. Erskine to the super-secret and oddly hidden facility under a curio shop in Brooklyn. He’d passed it a few times every week and had never suspected that this store was the front to the super-soldier program the SSR was conducting.
Mr. Gallagher was openly crying. “My son, he’s stationed there on the U.S.S Arizona. They said, they said a lot of ships had sank. My son…” Mr. Russo put a hand on his shoulder to steady him as he swayed in his grief. None of them could find the words to comfort to their friend, who didn’t even know if his son was alive or not.
“Now do the steps with me while I count.” Bucky said, and Tony stepped forward. After five sets of counting to four, Bucky grinned. “You’re pretty good at this. Now let’s work on turning with the music so you don’t trot your gal off the dancefloor.”
Tony nodded. “Let me introduce Steve Rogers and James Barnes.” He said as he motioned to the two other men.
“Yes, it is. I traded a soldier a naughty magazine for some a few days ago.” Tony replied as he finished opening the tin and handed it to Bucky. “Sorry it’s cold, but it’s better than nothing.”
“I’m still sorry you weren’t able to find a way back to California.” Steve had said towards the end of their meal. “Your family back home can’t help?”
The others made small talk as Steve, now assisted by Sam, finished with breakfast. Bucky watched and listened from his place in the middle of the room, halfway to Steve and halfway from them. It was a good vantage point, but he also realized that it was probably rude.
A soft mechanical chirping noise greeted him as he turned toward the far corner. DUM-E and U waved their metal appendages at him as if they were greeting a guest into their home. He supposed they were. He’d always liked the intelligent bots.
“Don’t be sorry for not being OK.” Steve told him. “If this happens again, we will deal with it. Just remember that no matter what the voice in your head tells you, I love you, always.”
He had to save them. He didn’t know how, not yet, but as he thought about it in the quiet darkness of their bedroom, several different ideas began to form in his mind. And hell, if all else failed he’d find his own way to Europe and fight his way to the front lines.
“What other choice do we have?” Steve asked. “Just wait around to be attacked again? If it wasn’t Japan, it would have come from Europe eventually. I don’t see Hitler being satisfied with what he’s already taken.”
He threw the duffle over his shoulder as they began to walk away from everyone, eager to be alone and away from the eyes of others. As they walked, Bucky said, “I can’t believe you ended the contract you had with the hospital, Tony.”
The others were looking down to their friend, then up to Tony’s face that was projecting his signature look of cool confidence. Tony had had that look mastered by the age of seven. It was his first mask, long before the armor it had protected Tony. Despite his still whirling emotions and racing mind, Tony knew they only saw calm purpose.
And it was, it really was. “But Bucky and I don’t die. I mean, we didn’t die.” No, Steve had just been frozen for seventy years, and Bucky spent the majority of those same years in cryostasis, when he wasn’t being tortured and made to kill people. “He’ll be trapped there, alone, for decades until he dies.”
Steve took over the story of how Morita was known for his dirtier sense of humor, being hell on his grease gun and was one the cockiest men he’d ever seen go into battle. That had gotten Sam to say, “You mean behind yourself, of course, right Cap?” Steve had taken the team’s good-natured ribbing at some of his more reckless stunts after that.
Bucky smiled, and his eyes glazed over a bit. “It was amazing. All I could think about was how good it felt, and you were both touching me and talking to me.” Bucky came out of the thought and focused on him. “But that’s not what you meant, is it?”
So, there it is. Everyone's preferences are out in the open. So if any of that isn't your cup of tea, well, I just hope that you will continue read and skip the smut. Otherwise you'll never know if Tony makes it home.
“Don’t think of it as trying to fix yourself.” Steve told him as he gently pressed a kiss to the side of his head. “Just think of it as getting through until tomorrow. Nothing major needs to be solved. Just make a promise to yourself that you will get through the day and remember that I promise to be here to help you through it.”
“Sshh,” Steve quieted him as he pulled him into a hug. “You aren’t pretending to be someone else. You are remembering the person you were. There is a difference, and it will take time, but I have faith that you will learn to balance these parts of you.”
“If they weren’t enhanced by the serum,” Bruce explained, “they probably would have suffered some form of brain damage from this.”
Ever since gaining his freedom from Hydra, Bucky hardly slept. When he did, it was usually on the floor. Fully dressed and armed, he’d sit in a corner with his back against the wall in an effort to protect himself from an attack. He’d never used the bed in his quarters, so this level of comfort and rest felt foreign to his body, even though he knew that he couldn’t have been sleeping more than three hours. This was a feeling he now remembered of a time before becoming the asset.
“Right,” Bucky answered, and Tony knew from experience that his tone of voice meant Bucky was about to say something he’d feel sorry over later that night. “Cuz you got nothin’ to prove.”
Tony wasn’t a praying man, but the words still somehow gave him a small amount of comfort. It contained a good lesson, that was for sure. He would try to remind himself of that lesson as often as he needed to. It was time for him to really start getting his shit together and stop pretending. He was better than this. He
“I’m happy I met you too, Doc,” Tony said honestly. “and I’m always happy to listen. God knows that you’ve listened to enough of my problems these past two weeks.” Tony added a little more cautiously. “I appreciate what you’ve done for me, really, but I have to ask…why? Why help me? Why take the risk and trust me? Why believe me?”
“I could also swear,” Tony steamrolled over him, “that I knew the butcher suspected his wife’s infidelity and was looking for some proof. Have you seen that guy? His arms are thicker than my thighs. We had a long chat while I was fixing his freezer, and believe me, he’s got a hell of a beatdown coming for the guy fucking his wife. Whatever kind of idiot would be stupid enough to do that because God knows the man doesn’t mind the sight of blood.”
“But you still did.” Tony yawned. “Yes, you still have some things to relearn and adjust to, but it seems to me that most of those things are finer motor skills: buttons, zippers, glassware and utensils, pencils. You’ll get there. Now shush and let me sleep. I have to be up early to sneak out of this damn room, and someone just fucked me into the mattress.”
“Yeah, about that,” Tony said, and Bucky was instantly suspicious. “If you don’t mind tagging along on a little errand, I’ll be able to put us up somewhere.”
Steve nodded, still smiling. “As close as I could get to what you described. You said it was your favorite dish growing up.”
“Going out doesn’t get me one either, Buck. You know what’s gonna happen. She’ll take a look at me, and five minutes later she’ll find some other fella to dance with.” Steve said, keeping his eyes on the half peeled potato in his hand.
None of the other repairmen he’d consulted could fix the problem, and he’d been told by all of them that buying a new industrial ice generator was inevitable, all except the last one. That guy had told him about Tony. The man had personally come to Brooklyn to find him, and offered Tony a challenge with a promise of generous payment if he could do what the others couldn’t.
An image appeared in the room of old reel footage of the Commandos. All of the men could be seen standing together as they moved and spoke without sound. There in the center was Steve with Bucky and Tony at his sides. Steve had his hand on Bucky’s shoulder, and they seemed to be laughing as Tony was talking animatedly in a brimmed knit-cap, sunglasses and peacoat. Bucky hadn’t remembered that yet, but he felt like it was fast approaching.
Bucky shook his head. “It feels like I should. I remember in London that Tony picked out the hat, and I remember picking that jacket as part of my uniform. The style was the same as Tony’s, and the blue matched the color of yours, but I don’t remember this day.”
“Well, I must say that once again Barnes, I am impressed, but don’t think I won’t be watching you more carefully now. ” Tony shook his head as he grabbed his glass to finish off his wine.
Their words were hard to focus on and almost impossible to answer. Fuck, that was some shit to remember.
The biggest change would be Bucky. The thing is that Tony doesn’t like to share. He never has. A casual threesome or orgy doesn’t count. When a person is his, they are his. He’d calmly explained this with the concession that yes, Bucky would still go on dates, as would Steve and Tony. He wasn’t possessive enough that he didn’t realize the need for this charade, however, Bucky would
“You’re the…only one, Tony,” Steve managed to say around his choked breaths. “The only one to…do this to me. Love you…so much.”
Strange’s wife was Umar’s daughter?! Was he still high from the coffee? Should he already know this or was it a secret?
Tony felt a sense of déjà vu as Steve finally jumped. He grinned as he leaned out the door and shouted, “Ma’am, I have a plan…attack.”
“There’s this lovely young nurse at the hospital that I’ve spoken with a few times.” Tony explained while smiling. “And guess what? She is also taking art classes on her days off. She likes using pastels and doing landscapes. So I told her about my younger, blonde haired, blue eyed roommate who is an extremely talented artist. She wanted to meet you.”
“You don’t build anything halfway, and you sure as hell don’t start projects that you don’t intend to finish. Why are you making a weapon?” Steve asked stubbornly.
Steve leaned in and kissed him, slowly and sweetly. It was nothing heated but was deeply intimate, and Bucky kissed him back. It was tentative and a little clumsy, but to Steve it was perfect. Their lips brushing the other’s. Neither of them moving to deepen it. It was a reassurance and promise to each other.
“An ingenious plan to be sure,” Tony agreed as he watched Steve set the pie on the table and grab fresh plates. “Would it ruin the surprise to ask what kind?”
Steve dropped him and backed away horror-struck. “Did I hurt you? I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to. I didn’t mean…I keep breaking things.”
Gianetta walked in at that moment, the familiar and warm smile on her face upon seeing them. “How are my favorite guests?”
Bucky shook his head, scolding himself. He loved Tony, all of Tony. Bucky knew these things when he fell in love, and he couldn’t dwell on the fact that Tony was who he had always been and hadn’t changed completely for him. Bucky doesn’t want him to change anyway, not really. He knew you couldn’t just love the pieces of someone that were easy to love, and Tony was so much more than the thoughts he didn’t speak. Sometimes he just wished…
Steve pulled back to look at him. “It won’t happen, love. You know Tony would move heaven and earth to get back to us. He’s not going to go through all of that just to change his mind about you when he gets home. What did Tony tell you the night of our first date? When you thanked him for being patient?”
It was cold. Steve knew it was cold. He could feel it in the air, but he wasn’t as affected by it as he knew the men were. He just hoped the march would help to warm them until the sun could rise. At least the moon combined with the light of the trucks allowed them to see where they were going. Steve’s night vision was better now, but he could imagine what the darkness was like for the soldiers following.
Natasha’s head tilted in thought. “At least he’s trying to be smart about it. I can’t really remember what Sutton looks like besides a dark clad figure. JARVIS, display an image of the Howling Commandos, and if available, one that includes Anthony Sutton.”
He repeated this process a few more times before increasing his speed. He added his hand at the base and matched the rhythm of his mouth. With his other hand, he collected some saliva that had escaped his mouth onto his fingertips and gently brushed the skin of Bucky’s perineum.
On the rare occasions when he’d returned home, the family’s butler Jarvis would make this just for Tony. Angel hair pasta with chicken sautéed in butter, white wine, lemon and garlic with a pinch of salt and black pepper added at the end. He hadn’t had it since Jarvis died. He’d told them about it when he’d been laid up in bed two days ago.
“I told you already, Doc.” Tony said tiredly. “I can’t be there building machines and things for this project. My name needs to stay out of this. I can be a consultant or a technician in the background. There’s only one Stark that needs credit for this.”
He gave Steve a similar kiss, lightly tracing his tongue along the younger man’s bottom lip. As he pulled back, he murmured, “However, there’s only one thing that I
If Steve was being completely honest with himself, he knew that Tony did not need his protection when it came to a fight. Hell, Tony had been training
Did they even explain clothing sizes to Steve when he came out of the ice? And it looks like he went and taught Barnes all of his bad habits. Tiny T-shirts everywhere, every day. It was distracting is what it was.
The brunet’s lids were half closed as he smiled lazily at him. “Oh Captain, My Captain,” Tony murmured while looking just a bit smug and very fucked out. “That was a seriously good dicking down.”
“Well, I’m going to worry regardless because that is what I do.” Tony added. “That reminds me. I have to report tomorrow for a consultation.”
His vision blinking out for a second as his blood pounded in his ears. When he slowly came back down, he felt disgusted with himself.
Bucky nodded as Tony continued. “Then I have to make the trek to Councilman Shaw’s home again. He was so happy with how I fixed his car, that he wants me to take a look at their washing machine. Apparently, his wife has made some complaints, and he wants to know if I could give it look. Said he’d make it worth my while if it made his wife happy.”
“She, uh, she pushed up her dress and sat in my lap. Kept whisperin’ how she liked my eyes and could tell I was an artist because my hands were perfect and…” He coughed. “She took my hand and put it between her legs, under her dress, and kept murmuring
“Don’t talk to me like I’m some bigoted asshole!” Bucky fumed. “Like I don’t know the difference between those things.”
The cities they had passed through had all shown signs of the war. Buildings were boarded up or partially destroyed from air raids. In the smaller towns, people had looked upon their passing group with apathy, but the expressions of the children were worse. There was nothing there. Their eyes were blank as they stared out of faces smudged with dirt. Steve could see the hunger in their small bodies. Most of Europe was occupied or under strict rations, and he saw it all in the faces of those children.
He also realized that raising his voice wasn’t going to do anything but make Howard dig his heels in harder. So Tony took a deep steadying breath before he stated in a calmer tone, “This is a man’s life we’re talking about. If we do this wrong, he will die. Regardless of how well you or I have done the math, I think further tests are needed. We owe it to whoever it is that will be putting their life in our hands. That was all I was saying.”
Steve nodded as he started backing toward the bathroom. “I guess I’ll wash up before bed.” He said before he turned and left, closing the door behind him.
Sex was the only time Bucky let his guard down and fully accepted someone taking care of him. Hell, he’d even begun to accept the care Tony gave them in day to day life without feeling like he owed something in return or was somehow a failure for not providing for himself. It was just the way Bucky had lived. He’d watched over his mom, sister, and (even if Steve hated to admit it) Steve himself. Thanks to his drunk of a father and a mother who doted on his sister, Bucky had grown up without much care or attention by the people who were supposed to love him.
The rockface beneath him was unforgiving as he lay stretched out on his stomach. The rifle pressed against his shoulder and supported by his hand had grown warm from his body heat. Around him the wind blew through the cracks in the stone as a bird flew by, a temptation to break his concentration. Bucky never moved. His eyes and total focus were trained on the clearing below. Soon they would come.
Bucky smiled sadly. “When was the last time you called me sweetheart? Or asked me to dance just because one of our songs was playin’ on the radio?”
Steve tugged his earlobe between his teeth and bit it gently before releasing it to ask, “What did you want, Tony? Did you want Bucky? Me? Both of us?” Steve licked a stripe up his neck, and Tony’s eyes rolled back as his blood rapidly began heading south. Because
Tony slid his palm up to cover Joe’s nose as well as his mouth to suffocate him, and Joe began panicking as he desperately tried to free himself with one good arm.
Tony looked up from a picture of a woman on her knees, mouth open in invitation and looking up through long half-lowered eyelashes. “What he tells you?”
“I began working on something different than what they’d seen before, and they were so greedy they didn’t stop to really inspect it. I built a powerful weapon,” Tony smirked at the thought, “and used it to try to kill every single one of them as I blasted my way out of that godforsaken pit.”
“Well, if that’s the case, Steve’s picked a good team.” Bucky observed. “I’d trust them with my life.”
As soon as they’d tried to do some magic to test the theory, a glowing rune had appeared on the back of Tony’s right hand. That bitch had branded him! Like an animal! Yucky magic tattooed on his skin.
“Yeah, thanks JARVIS,” Steve called as he rounded the counter to get back to his meal prep. “We appreciate it.”
“What the hell do you mean that Phillips changed your name, Tony?” Steve asked angrily as everyone in the tent pretended that they couldn’t hear the conversation going on. They were all packing for the morning when they would move out to the nearest unoccupied city with a train station. After the train ride, it would be a relatively short flight to London.
“Yep. It was almost dark, and she was driving her children back home after visiting family. Her car stopped working.” Tony shrugged. “You know how cold it’s been lately. I couldn’t just let her sit there with three kids in the back seat and no heat. Lucky for both of us, it was an easy fix, and she was able to get back on her way home soon enough. Francesco came and found me the next day to thank me for helping his daughter and grandkids. He couldn’t believe that I didn’t charge her anything and told me about his restaurant and invited me to come and bring my friends anytime I wanted.”
So much irrelevant talking. “I require maintenance.” There. Not difficult. Minimal function to obtain objectives.
Tony went to wipe Bucky’s messy stomach and moved down to gently clean his spent cock. He then carefully went lower to wipe away the remains of the lubricant around his hole while also checking him. Tony was thicker than what he was used to and had been rough there at the end. His ass looked well used, reddened and a little swollen, but Tony couldn’t see signs of damage. He let out a small breath in relief.
“Hey,” Tony said kindly. “that’s what friends are for. You’re not responsible for an evil man’s actions. Besides, my mother was first generation Italian here in America so for all I know, we could be distant cousins.” Tony added, trying to make the man smile.
“They wanted me to build weapons .” Their eyes went wide. “I think you both know by now that I made a very valuable captive. I can build
Tony returned to the bed and deposited the supplies. He reached over to run his fingers through Bucky’s hair; his sweet boy pushing into the contact like a cat being petted. “I’m gonna make you feel so good, sweetheart. You won’t be able to think of anything but how much we love you.”
“Pay attention,” Steve reprimanded and pulled his hair harder, making Tony’s cock jerk against Bucky’s lips. “Bucky will stop if you don’t focus on me. You are here to make me feel good.”
Tony had finally explained to Bucky why he liked the things he liked and had accepted him with an open heart. Steve remembered the love that had filled his chest when he saw how Tony’s words had helped remove the shame from Bucky’s eyes. It was something Steve had never been able to do for him. They’d talked about a lot of things that night.
They all sat down to eat. At first, Bucky was too busy inhaling the food like a starving man to make much conversation, spaghetti must indeed be his favorite, but when two-thirds of his plate had been cleared (along with three more slices of toast), he finally spoke.
“Shhh, love,” Steve told him, rubbing his back. “It’s alright. I know I’m not the same, and I know I can’t be. I’ve changed in a lot of ways that that can’t be undone, and you don’t have to apologize for noticing that. I miss Tony, too. I miss what he helped me see in myself and what he helped me become, but I miss him for what he gave you, too. He never had the history that we had. He never had expectations for you when you came here. He always just saw you for you, past and present. He didn’t know you as a child or a teenager. He just saw a man that he admired and respected, and he grew to love that man. He cherished you, and I try…Bucky, I try so hard to separate the past from now, but it’s one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to do, and I know that isn’t fair to you, either. What’s important is that we can remind each other of what we’ve both lost, and that we can have small pieces of that moving forward. Maybe also learn to appreciate who we are now.”
Bruce answered. “Steve and James are living through these memories and are directly affected by them. They were actually there. There is a lot more for them to remember than a name and a few historical dates like the rest of us.
It was just so damn distracting. Tony had always appreciated beauty in all forms, and these two certainly fit that bill. Standing in this kitchen, flushed and still a little sweaty from their run, the image these two presented in Tony’s mind made him realize that it had been way too long since he’d had sex. Like, waaaayyy too long.
Bucky had been terrified without remembering the reason for it. Muscle memory had taught his body to expect pain from that situation. Sometimes at night Steve had nightmares filled with Bucky’s muffled screams around the bite guard, loud enough to drown out the sound of electricity. Other nights he had nightmares of Bucky screaming as he fell from the train. Then there was the sound of Bucky’s yell as Steve dislocated his shoulder as they fought on a falling heli-carrier. His dreams were always filled with his best friends screams.
“No, shit.” Bucky said in a dead, drugged tone in the bed next to him. He thinks Bruce might have given him more drugs than Steve had gotten to keep him calm. “I feel like I just got out of a cryo-chamber. My head hasn’t been this fucked in months. I kinda like the Xanax, though. If I focus on that wall hard enough, I can almost forget I’m here.”
They had to help him. It was clear that Tony would not go to the hospital like they wanted him to, so Bucky just did the best he could patching him up. God knows, he’d had enough practice with Steve over the years, but he was still worried about that wound. What if it got infected?
Oh, no pressure there then, Tony thought but didn’t say. Stupid Mrs. O’Grady and her mince pie suggestion.
“I’ve got you, sweet boy. We’ve both got you,” his Daddy breathed against his lips before pushing in, and Bucky groaned at the feel of finally being claimed. The slow movements of the thick length inside him as he was bent in half and slowly filled was what he needed. The warm brown eyes looking down at him were inviting him to get lost. His Daddy leaned forward to blanket Bucky’s body with his own, protecting him even as he was split open.
He won’t lie and say he hadn’t been a bit surprised when Bucky called Tony daddy last night, though Steve wouldn’t have said anything about it. He’d never called Steve that, but maybe it was just another thing that Bucky liked, and he liked it with Tony. Maybe it was always there, and he’d never felt comfortable doing it with Steve? It didn’t matter. If Bucky liked it, then that was enough for him.
The head wizard honcho or whatever had asked him if he’d felt anything in particular during the attack when Umar had cast the spell. Tony described the feeling of being wrapped in a warm, wet blanket as he’d fallen into blackness.
Tony’s mask of cool politeness never wavered. His feelings hidden safe behind his carefully constructed features, and why wouldn’t they be? Howard was the first lesson he’d ever had on hiding what he was thinking, what he was feeling. Tony smiled at his childhood abuser. “It’s swell to meet you, Mr. Stark.” He lied effortlessly. “I can’t believe I’m in your lab. This is just amazing! Did you design all of these things yourself?”
“I do appreciate it,” Bucky said, “but I’m worried about Tony. Did any of you come up with an idea on how to help him?”
Steve watched as tears fell down Tony’s cheek. “I’ve lost so many people because of this broken thing inside of me, every relationship, friendship has been ruined. I don’t want to ruin you.”
“Sarge, Sarge, wake up,” Bucky slowly came around to consciousness to the feeling of someone quickly patting his cheek. As he struggled to focus and open his eyes, he was dimly aware that he recognized the voice, but he couldn’t understand why they sounded so worried. “Sarge, can you hear me? You need to wake up.”
Steve smiled, weak but genuine. “I don’t know about right, but I do know better than to argue with him. I think he’s even more stubborn than I am.”
“Good, considering everything,” Tony told him. The truth was that he was nervous. From the very little information that Steve had given about the doctors’ reactions to his injuries and all the tests they were running, Tony was quite sure that his otherness had just been discovered by the team of white coats employed at this hospital. It spelled nothing but trouble for him.
“Probably so, unfortunately,” Tony answered as he looked to Bucky and saw that his face matched Steve’s in disappointment. It really helped to put his priorities in line and remind him that he was still being an idiot.
“Shall we?” Tony motioned to the door. Anger flashed over the other man’s face, but he just gave a jerky nod and walked past him. Tony locked the door behind them.
God, the memory of taking Tony the next night, riding his face while he and Bucky lovingly dominated the older man, made Steve’s body want to react. He’d never imagined that anyone but Bucky could want him that way before the serum, but Tony had. Every day that Steve now remembered was filled with Tony adoring him, adoring them both. He’d called them his boys.
Then, he saw Steve above them. He didn’t know why until his Daddy groaned loudly and pushed deeper into Bucky. He barely had enough wits to realize that his Daddy was topping him, but Steve was topping his Daddy, using him as a buffer so everything was gentler for Bucky. This way they were all together, and Steve’s strength would only bring Bucky a softer kind of pleasure.
Tony’s heart broke a little at the shame in Bucky’s voice. He knew Bucky couldn’t get him a present in return because he wasn’t working anymore.
Tony’s mind grinded to a halt because no. It couldn’t be because the odds were astronomical. How did he keep stumbling upon important historical figures of this era? At this thought Tony swore he felt a phantom itch on his hand, but he dismissed it as psychological stupidity as he released the German scientist’s hand.
“That’s sounds very nice, thank you,” Bruce said as he went to make his tea. “I’m sure the others will be down soon. Hopefully they slept better than I did falling asleep over my lab table. I think I’m picking up Tony’s bad habits.”
have been through enough, and I just wanted to help you enjoy your R & R before you had to go back.”
Tony tried not to flinch at the sound as his pride was wounded. “Look, I know I’m too old for her, but I don’t think the laugh track is necessary.”
They rushed into the tent, moving past the other soldiers as they made their way to the colonel sitting at his desk.
“That’s better,” Tony told him as he reached out to put two of his fingers resting against Steve’s lips. “Open for me.” He watched as Steve obeyed, and he slid his fingers all the way into the blonde’s mouth. His sweet pink lips wrapped around Tony’s digits as he worked not to gag on the fingertips in his throat. “Now get them wet.”
“Hello, doctor,” the friendly voice of their server cut through his musings, “It’s good to see you back in here, and you brought a friend.” She turned to look at Tony. She was a pretty young woman with kind eyes.
The rest of their trip was thankfully uneventful. Steve received regular reports on the wounded and their condition. It was a relief to know that the medics were working hard to keep the most serious cases stable, and that they would all probably survive the trip if things kept the way they were going. It turned out that Morita was really good with a radio. Even though he couldn’t cut through the interference to let the allies know they were coming without giving away their position, he could at least keep an ear out on some of the enemy’s communications.
Steve continued, “Still, he did manage to walk all the way up here, so that’s better than I’d hoped.”
“That is something else have in common, then.” The man smiled, though he looked a little wary and was staring at Tony very closely. Tony wondered if the man expected a reaction from him just because he was obviously German.
“You’ve slept on rocks?” Steve asked, fully awake and sounding concerned. “Was it before you found me? Were you sleeping in alleys?” James looked equally troubled.
The man looked back at him with eyes full of grief. “I know it sounds callous, Sergeant Barnes, but you haven’t heard the screams that follow when they take someone.”
Tony met his eyes. James really had nice eyes, like the sea before a storm. Eyes that were serious and full of faith. “Thank you. Your right. This was a setback, but it could be worse. I’m sure I’ll figure this out in no time.”
Tony felt the words relax something inside of him. If he could admit that magic was real, and that destiny was an actual force in this universe, could he believe the same about hope and love? He thought of his boys and how much he loved them. He thought of how fiercely he would protect them, how he would cling to the idea that in the end he would be able to keep them.
Steve reluctantly slid off his lap and stood beside him as he rose from his seat. “What do you have planned today?’ He asked quietly, obviously not happy with the thought of Tony leaving for work. “Will it keep you out late?”
“Oh, forgive my manners,” the man said. “I am Major James Montgomery Falsworth, former brigadier of the 3rd Independent Parachute Brigade, or as our hosts charmingly call me, Prisoner 49275.”
“I don’t like planes,” Bucky murmured nervously next to him. “This is my first time flying, and I can say that I don’t like it.”
Tony jumped at the chance to stay a few more minutes around a friendly face. “If it’s no trouble, I actually am kind of thirsty.” It wasn’t lie. He was thirsty. He probably should drink something since he would most likely go into shock later when all this finally came crashing down and really hit him.
“Safe words?” Steve repeated, but he looked to be taking this very seriously. Bucky knew Steve would never want to hurt him, even if he couldn’t feel it at the time.
Tony’s mouth against his neck felt good, better than that. His nerves were alive in a way they had never been before, and Steve was embarrassed to find himself already hard from just a little kissing. It just felt so damn good.
At some point Bucky had squeezed his way onto the couch on Tony’s other side. All of them leaning back with their feet on the worn table in front of them as they continued to joke and laugh in the dimly lit room.
Romanoff and Barton were former SHIELD, and SHIELD was HYDRA. They still dressed the same as his former captors. They’d worked for and alongside them for years. Bucky could even now remember Romanoff’s voice on Rumlow’s phone as he’d spoken to her about an upcoming mission. The asset had been right there, listening to every word as its body ached from the punishment Rumlow had given. The asset had heard her many times...
Another bullet ricocheted off the doorway as Schmidt quickly disappeared, and Steve looked back at Tony. “The bastard’s lucky my SMG ran out of ammo earlier. If I hadn’t been stuck with this pistol…Fuck it, we gotta get out of here.”
Tony actually would have preferred four of Steve’s fingers to fit in him before Tony would fuck him, but since Tony only used three of his fingers when he prepped Bucky, he had to let that be enough with Steve. It’s just that Steve’s hands and fingers were a little smaller than Tony’s, but he knew that pointing that out and making Steve a special case would get him into big trouble with the blonde.
“My mother’s parents were Italian. She spoke the language and wanted her son to as well.” He shrugged. “I enjoy speaking it around the neighborhood when I can.”
“Oh my God, Steve,” Tony breathed out, “this is porn!” His eyes darted from the sketch to Steve’s deep pink face and back several times, trying to reconcile the picture with the artist.
Natasha stepped forward to where Steve was almost finished chopping his veggies and herbs. “What’s for dinner, Cap?”
“I don’t know how to fix this,” Tony croaked fighting back tears. “I’ve been this way for too long.”
But now there were times like this when the little doctor came and chose someone. Proving that it wasn’t good to be weak, but it might be worse to be strong.
Bucky shrugged because yes, that is what he thought Steve saw. It was what Bucky and everyone else saw. “It’s what I am, Stevie. You’re a hero and the leader of the Avengers, and once we get Tony back, he would be able to be with you the way you deserve. I’m still your friend, but this way I wouldn’t drag you down with me.”
“Yes,” Steve nodded because he did. The feeling was always so incredible when he saw just how much Bucky got off from Steve giving him what he wanted, whether it was using him or embarrassing him a little with the things he said. Steve loved Bucky’s reactions.
it was about the artificial intelligence that oversaw a space station run by humans and was operated by robots. The A.I. eventually came to the realization that humans were flawed and could not be it’s true master so it basically created a religion for the robots on the station. By the end it was pretty amusing.
Steve’s mouth seemed to quirk in spite of itself, so Tony continued. “It could be great! Just put on your best Captain voice and ask…How many of you are ready to beach a tank and fight a storm? Defense bonds, each one you buy is a check your Congressman won’t have to write! Let’s prove to the world how America fights a war and spend some money!”
With Bucky gone and the kitchen clean, Tony helped Steve with the usual chores, and he learned a few things.
Tony walked along with Steve, taking in the sights and voices around him. It was surreal. So different from his time and his life that he had to wonder if this was how Steve had felt after the ice. An interloper. A stranger not fitting in and barely understanding his surroundings. Some of the words and phrases he heard were odd, and he didn’t quite know the meanings even if he understood the words.
Steve didn’t know where the nickname had come from, and he wasn’t sure how to feel about it. Tony only called him Captain for appearances sake, or if he was being sassy during sex. Otherwise, he was Steve, his Steve as Tony liked to call him, or baby boy when Tony was being affectionate.
Steve’s head fell back as he bit his lip, but that was nothing compared to the feeling of Tony sucking on the tip of him, using his tongue to play with the foreskin. “Fuck!” He cursed through gritted teeth. It shouldn’t feel this intense, and Steve wondered how much of it was because of his new body, or was it because this was so different from what he was used to?
“Morning, Buck,” he said through a yawn. “Morning, Tony. Ya sleep alright?” He moved to the stove to get the egg James had left for him and snatch a piece of toast.
Bucky woke warm, naked and well rested. He was also deliciously sore and for a moment, he couldn’t quite remember why. Then last night came back to him.
“Hence, the personal part of personal assistant.” Tony rolled his eyes. “I do anything Captain Rogers requires of me, including looking out for his wellbeing, running errands, seeing to his laundry and daily needs. And sometimes,” Tony said as he eyed the man up and down, “sometimes even taking out the trash.”
They ended up opening another bottle of wine with their dessert, which was absolutely delicious, before finally settling down in the living area. Each sat on the floor around the coffee table nursing their drinks. They had played a couple games of Gin Rummy which were made more entertaining by the buzzes they were nursing.
That, however, was a matter to be dealt with when the time came. Both of them were here with him now, and Tony was going to make the best of it. He looked at them. Both had their eyes closed, though Steve was obviously more relaxed than Bucky. Tony needed to change that. He couldn’t right now of course because Bucky wouldn’t feel better until they landed, but he could later. He knew just how to do it, too.
He kept running, keeping tight hold of his rifle until he finally found a crater to dive into. Dugan and Jones followed him, and Bucky took two seconds to catch his breath and look over to Dugan.
He remembered how dominant Bucky had been with that girl. Then he remembered how Bucky had said it meant nothing. It was just a necessary act, however both times had involved a lot of talking. For Steve’s benefit? Or was it a shared thing? Tony could think of a few things he’d like to hear Bucky and Steve say, and a few more he’d like to say in return. Not that it mattered, he reminded himself. Hopeless.
Once they’d exited the lab and had moved halfway down the hall, Tony couldn’t hold back a chuckle as he thought over the entire conversation. It escalated into laughter as Tony gripped his stomach to contain himself.
As Bucky thought on that, he realized Steve was right. Why did he find Barton so annoying, then? They were both loyal, spoke before thinking, didn’t take most things too seriously and came from nothing before becoming very skilled at fighting. They’d both risen high in their fields while still embracing something that made them different. Bucky supposed that Barton was a bit more immature, though. At least, most of the time.
Steve continued as he poured the juice between the glasses. “Thanks for telling me about them. I liked that heaven song.”
Tony wet his lips and asked, “Please sweetheart, use my mouth, let me take care of you. I wanna feel it when you do.” And he reopened his mouth, panting at the thought of Bucky fucking into his throat.
“No, I didn’t think that.” Steve quickly assured him. “I don’t think Tony could live with himself if he hurt either one of us. I just wanted to know what it was like?”
“Yes!” Bucky’s voice was wrecked. Between the deepthroating he’d given Steve and his lust, it had cracked saying a one syllable word. “Yes, sir.”
After that show they had packed up to move closer to the front. Steve sat with Tony in the back of the transport truck with the other men from the tour and the soldiers sent to escort them. The girls were in their own truck with the remaining soldiers while the production supplies followed them in a third.
that you heard something, but you must have been mistaken. I know this because I actually hear and see a lot of what goes on around here. I’m everywhere in this neighborhood, in this borough. I also know
It was a bright, beautiful afternoon, and Tony was walking along and talking to Joe Russo as they made their way to the pizza place he owned with his brother, who was also named Anthony. They’d run into each other at the newsstand, and he was telling his friend how Bucky had been doing with his training and how he’d be home in a couple of weeks. When they arrived at an intersection and were going to cross, Tony heard a horn blaring somewhere close to them.
“Steve, the guy doesn’t deserve that respect.” Tony said, surprised the blonde was just going to take the abuse. “He hasn’t earned it.”
“I was happy to do it.” Was that his voice that sounded so breathless? “Honestly, it’s the best Christmas I’ve ever had. My parents cared more about their social obligations than their parental ones, which, considering how they were, was probably a good thing for me.”
Bucky left and made his way down the hall to the stairs. His feet carried him swiftly, but his boots made no sound. He was a shadow in the stairwell, moving quickly without destination. That wasn’t true. He knew where he was headed.
She was scary powerful, and Tony would readily admit he was outmatched with only his gauntlet against her. He wasn’t stupid enough to think he could best a higher-dimensional being who had once literally fucked the Hulk into submission. Bruce still had issues over it.
He looked down to examine himself. The shallow slice was a dull red but had mostly clotted. There didn’t seem to be any infection as of yet. Bucky came forward with a tube of ointment and a small piece of gauze that he used to smear the salve across the wound. He gently laid another strip of gauze over the cut and began to wrap Tony up in a new strip of linen. Steve moved behind Tony to catch the cloth and pass it back around to Bucky; the two working quietly together.
Steve was frustrated with himself. “I don’t know. Both? Maybe? But not the same as Buck. I don’t know how to say it.” This was all just so new, and he didn’t feel like he was expressing himself clearly because a week ago he’d never even wanted these things. “I never really thought about any of this before.  I love what I have with Bucky, but watching you with him and having you in this relationship has made me wonder if I’d like other things too.”
Tony and Bruce had started work not long after, calling in favors from specialists and colleagues around the world while keeping Barnes’s name out of it. It wouldn’t do for the world to learn about him before he was ready to take that on and consciously defend himself. Tony could help there too.
When he got out of the shower, he realized that he’d forgotten to bring his clothes into the bathroom with him. Great, despite Tony’s work on the heating, the thin walls and windows still kept the apartment chilly in the winter. The walk to the bedroom was going to be fun. He wrapped his towel around his waist before leaving the warm, humid air the shower had created.
Her stare never wavered. “Then, he told me that my rent was now lower since the apartment was being occupied by one person instead of two. I don’t think I’d ever heard that stipulation before when renting.”
. He was definitely thinking something, though, Tony could practically see the wheels turning in his head.
Steve agreed, but he also could see that Bucky didn’t want to talk about it here. “I’ll pull through, Tony,” Bucky told their worried partner as they locked eyes.
“It is a perfectly safe procedure when done properly, Tony, and it helped us treat you.” Abrams paused before finishing with, “Although, some of the first images appear to have been faulty.”
“You see, Ruth?” Tony told her as she fluffed his pillow and adjusted the blanket both she and Steve had insisted on. “I’m one of those miracle stories. You’re friends with a miracle. You’re so lucky.”
“It says you’re trying to talk your way out of answering my question.” Steve said. “What will you give me for the letter.”
“Captain Rogers did that,” Tony insisted, “I just helped the men after the escape. I never could have done what he did on my own.”
After meeting Erskine, Tony had taken his gauntlet watch and sunglasses out of hiding, and he began carrying them with him at all times. The next time he’d met with the scientist he’d shown the man his inventions, and Erskine had been stunned. The diva in Tony had preened at the look of awe on the other man’s face. The practical part of him was just grateful that this would help him completely gain the man’s trust and admiration.
“We’re so sorry, Tony.” Steve’s voice softly said next to his ear. “We didn’t mean any of it. You were right, and we’re so sorry.”
This got him two grins before they went to the table and did as he asked. Tony continued to flit around the kitchen as Steve and Bucky mmm’d around their breakfast. Not eating as much as normal, they were clearly saving room for the lunch Tony was preparing.
Bucky nodded in agreement and hesitantly asked, “Is your chest alright? We’ve seen you rubbing it sometimes. You don’t even seem to notice you do it.”
As he walked into the kitchen space, he saw Tony at the table pouring flour into a large bowl. He grabbed two eggs as he looked up at Bucky. “Pancakes good with you?”
“Yeah,” Tony said, and for some reason, his voice was subdued, almost pained as he finished, “I thought you might like it.”
. Him, Tony Stark. Scarred, middle aged, blue collar Tony Stark. Tony had never cried because of happiness, but he seriously felt that he could at this moment.
Umar chuckled. “I didn’t realize that heroes had heroes. So much doubt and longing inside your mind.”
Of course, safe was a relative term. Bucky never fully let his guard down around anyone, even Steve. It wasn’t because he believed that any of the Avengers would try to do something to him, it was the threat of his former owners. Hydra was not gone. The remaining number of them were still out there, and he would be a fucking idiot if he doubted that they would want their asset returned to them.
Tony dimly noted that they were nearing the diner as he watched the scrutiny in the German scientist’s eyes. He reminded himself to tread carefully. This was probably the smartest person he’d encountered so far in the past, and the fact that the man was a scientist meant it was his habit to observe. “Wouldn’t say brilliant, I’m just a common repairman.”
“I know it.” Tony said simply. “I know you won’t stop until you can follow after Bucky. Just like I know you won’t let the opinions of others keep you from doing what it takes to succeed.”
Trying to ignore the spinning in his head, Tony pulled himself up to sit and look out onto the street beyond the alley’s entrance. What the fuck?
He swiftly turned to press his back against Mr. Bruised Kidney’s and reached up and behind him to wrap both hands around the front of his opponent’s throat. He violently bent forward and pulled up against the man’s chin, flipping him over his back to slam chest down on the ground in front of Tony.
He released Steve’s throat and pulled him down for a kiss. Steve fell forward limply. Their mouths moved together in unhurried, sloppy movements. Their tongues gently caressing the other’s as Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s back and held him close on top of him. His beautiful boy was in his arms where he belonged after eight days of them being separated by Bucky’s absence.
They both scrambled onto the mattress, laying side by side, then looked up to Tony standing over them. He grabbed his semi-hard erection and gave it a few long strokes, feeling it grow thicker in his hand as he said, “I haven’t been doing a good job taking care of you. It’s time to fix that.”
I write this acknowledgement to honor him and all the men who fought bravely, many of whom did not make it home. To all veterans, thank you.
Either way, he liked it, but he knew that was only because it was Steve. He didn’t think he would want anyone else touching him. Well, he would probably let Tony do this, but his other former partner wasn’t here. Bucky missed him, and again, that was both foreign and familiar.
Giving him a thoughtful smile, Erskine murmured, “What an interesting young man,” as he continued in the direction Steve had just disappeared to.
He supposed it was because for so long, Bucky had been his everything. But Tony was his too, and Steve really needed him right now. If Steve was honest with himself, he’d probably needed this for days and just hadn’t wanted to acknowledge it. Tony had been so good this past week as he supported Steve while giving him the time he needed to process the change in their dynamic. He knew Tony was shelving his own issues at the moment to be strong for Steve, and Steve both resented and loved him for it.
Tony Stark needed coffee. Very badly. Which is why he’s now standing in the communal kitchen in front of the state of the art coffee brewer.
Here we go guys! I'm finally feeling back to form so I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it. For those of you who liked Tony with Howard, your getting a lot more father/son time. For those who wondered when present day Steve would have someone to take care him, your wait is over. All the love to you guys!
He didn’t know what to do about the way she looked at him then. He had the strangest feeling that she…and he was kind of flattered, but that wasn’t a possibility. Maybe in some other time he could have cared for her that way.
So Steve is learning to adjust to Bucky's absence, and we got a taste of how Tony's interactions with Howard will be. I just wanted to show how Steve would have felt when he realized Bucky was really gone, and he would be left behind with his own uncertainty of ever being able to follow. At least this time he has Tony trying to keep his spirits up and providing encouragement.
Tony took a steadying breath. “Thank you, both of you, but what’s the occasion?”  He looked up worried. “Is it a birthday? Did I forget a birthday?”
Steve looked at him for several long moments and studied his face. Tony could see the wheels turning in his mind as Steve tried to piece together the puzzle his question had created. Finally, he spoke. “This is based on what you used to escape the cave.”
“Arrogant to think you know better than I,” Schmidt called as the man behind him pulled a lever that began to make the walkway divide, trapping Steve and his partners. “I, who was Erskine’s greatest success! The master race begins with me, Captain, and I will lead this world to a glorious future.”
“How?” Bucky asked before leaning into Tony’s touch, seeking comfort. Tony knew they were taking a risk since anyone could walk in, but he didn’t care. Bucky was practically touch-starved, and it broke Tony’s heart.
“Alter how?” Bucky asked curiously. He didn’t think he’d ever been altered, but then again, how would he know, if in fact, he was already altered or hadn’t known to look out for it.
He began to pump him slowly as he broke the kiss with Steve and leaned back, looking down at the younger man’s lap.
solve. He knew he couldn’t change everything, but maybe, just maybe, he could change enough to keep what he had at the end of everything.
