“Cas, how could you know what it’s like to love someone so much that it hurts to be away from them. That you would move the moon to make them happy. You’ve always been alone,” Rachel said, and her voice started to get louder as she talked. “God, Cas, you
“Where,” he said, his voice sounding inhuman even to himself, “is Dean?”
“Not particularly, but if there’s any of Benny’s peach cobbler left I’d love to have some?”
from the hustlers trying to work their living.
Castiel grabbed the deli meat from the fridge and some condiments before answering, “Yeah. That would be nice.”
Cas gasped, tugging on Dean’s hair and encircling his legs around Dean. “I want — ah—!” Dean cut him off with a harsh pinch on his nipple. “Ah, Dean!”
Dean snapped angrily. Cas was taken aback by his words. He knew Dean wasn’t mad at him; Dean was hurting.
“Yeah… If you’ll have me, of course,” Dean said, almost sounding uncertain. Castiel giggled softly at that because of course he wanted Dean. He wanted Dean more than he’d wanted anything in the world.
“Cas,” He groaned as he pushed himself up to untie the young man’s hands. “How are you feeling?”
not to help Castiel. The one person who was supposed to help him, didn’t. And he dragged the rest of the family down the same path.
that we haven't had sex. I want…” Cas blushed and looked away before speaking again. “I want to feel you inside me.”
“Castiel,” Benny stated. He knew Dean better than anyone, really.
“Okay,” Ben yawned again. He settled down quickly, curled up in Dean’s side with his head on Dean’s shoulder.
Castiel’s eyes widened just a fraction. “You’d do that?”
“It’s okay, Cas, I know,” Ellen whispered, and Castiel hugged her tighter. “I think I owe you an explanation.”
“Yes. You’ll be fine. Luckily no concussion. It’s mainly just tissue damage and the blood loss that’s got you down for the count. You’ll need to make sure to drink lots of water and eat good meals the rest of the week because you’re already underweight, Cas. You lose any more blood, you're gonna be down for more than a few days.”
Cas playfully rolled his eyes, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. “I guess you’ll just have to get me to bed to find out for sure.”
Ellen moved aside and Alfie stepped into the room, his eyes widening as he took in everything. Like Castiel, he’d never seen such grandeur before; let alone been this close to it.
“You want another one?” Dean asked, smiling wider.
“My kids are all first, of course. I love my kids with my
Castiel ignored her, and reached out to grab her, hauling her up with the rest of his family. He let his instincts guide him, and he wrapped tendrils of his energy in its purest form around each of them.
Castiel only blinked. “What?”
have to!”
days for Ben. He woke up on the wrong side of the bed. All day, he’d been following Lisa or Dean around and moping about nothing and everything. He didn’t stop whining until one of them picked him up and if they tried to hand him off to someone else he just started crying.
Castiel took a step back and shrugged. “What are you doing here?”
“We’ll be at the ship, soon, Cas,” Gilda said, reaching over and covering him with a robe. “Dean’s waiting for you. Don’t worry.”
After what felt like several,
Castiel nodded hesitantly. “Okay.” He turned to leave, pausing at the door so he could say, “I’ll check back up on you later, okay? And I’ll leave my cell number on the fridge for you in case you need to call me.”
Cas asked, looking up at Dean. “I mean, is that a good thing to be?”
Castiel scented the air again, walking quickly towards the bakery in the store. The scent got stronger the closer he got to it.
“Where's Dean?” He asked, trying to catch his breath. Some of the crew looked at him with shocked eyes, some with anxiousness, and others with annoyance. Cas shook his head and ran into the mess, hoping to find Benny.
“Dean.”
Dean tilted his head to the side in questioning. “Other things? Like what?”
Everything had happened in a few seconds, but time felt warped. Dean wasn’t getting back up. Dean wasn’t moving. Dean was…
Cas rolled his eyes and shook his head in irritation as he remembered what Lucifer has said. “I hate that man. He’s been harassing me for a few days. Nothing serious. What you saw last night was me handling it.”
“Dean, yes, I’m okay. Everyone is okay. It was… My  siblings took care of them. They’re gone and I’m… I don’t even know. Can…  I really don't want to be alone and I can't be with my family... Can I stay at your house?” Castiel asked, surprising himself that he even asked. “I know it’s soon and we barely know each other, but I—”
“Dean has not been…”
“So, how has your day been?” Dean said, and it jarred Castiel just slightly because he’d been so focused on keeping his heart from not beating out of his chest.
“But I’m bored
“Engaged to a beta from a wealthy family. He does truly love her, too. True mates don’t happen outside of alpha-omega relationships...but I believe they are true mates, in their own way—designations be damned.” Dean let out a small, relieved chuckle. “Sam’s living the life I always wanted for him. The life he deserves.”
Dean shook his head, “I don’t really celebrate my birthday.”
“Get on your knees,” the man who’d pulled Cas out said, dragging him over to where several other people were already kneeling. Cas recognized them as the soldiers that had traveled with them for protection.
“I love you, too, Dean,” Cas whispered, tracing small patterns into Dean’s shoulder blades. “We can’t fall asleep, though.”
“Gabe started acting out and getting high all the time. Rachel voiced her love for acting and started to not take part in training or going on missions so she could go to auditions. Jo threw herself into training and missions and became even more callous. Benny was… Well, Benny was Benny. And I studied as hard as I could, and when I turned eighteen, I left. Eventually, we all left. Rachel and Gabe left home days after each other. I don’t know what Benny does, truthfully. And now it’s only Jo who stays there on and off.”
Meg put her hand up before Castiel could voice his confusion again and said, “We will help you seduce him.”
Cas hadn’t heard his father enter and was startled when he turned around and saw the man standing there with a stern look on his face. “Father?”
There was a pause long enough to make Castiel begin to fall back asleep, but just as a sharp pain shot through his body Ellen spoke up again.
Dean shifted down between Castiel’s legs, pulling his fingers out of the omega’s heat so he could undo his pants. Castiel whined for him, panting and shaking in anticipation for his alpha.
At the moment, Dean was singing him to sleep. Cas wasn’t really listening to the words, he just liked putting his head to Dean’s chest and feeling the rumble as he sung.
Dean flicked his tongue over Castiel’s nipple as he brought his other hand up to gently pinch the other one, and Castiel pushed into the ministrations.
“As for the cheeses, there is brie, emmenthal, comté, grana, maroilles, cheddar, and roquefort,” Jess said, “I prefer the grana, albeit comté and maroilles are delicious, as well.”
“What the fuck, Gabe?” Jo said, scowling again.
Dean smiled back, “Perfect, I’ll send Sam and Charlie in here, too.”
The next morning Castiel awoke to the feeling of something tickling his neck. It only took him a moment to realize it was Dean’s breathing. He turned to face the alpha, and smiled when he saw the small bite on Dean’s neck.
knotted, did you like it?”
“You’re also human, Dean,” Jo scolded. “You make mistakes.”
Dean peeked behind the omega, half expecting to see parents behind him, but he was alone. “What can I do for you?”
“I came,” Castiel said, and Dean smiled at him as he moved back up the bed to be eye level with Castiel.
“How long were you there?” Rachel asked, and Meg blew out a breath.
“I’m going to fuck you so good tonight,” he said, reaching his hand behind Cas to pull up his shirt some more and finger the satin panties. “You’re going to be so far out of it, you’re not going to be able to say anything but my name. I’m gonna fuck you so good and hard the only thing you’re going to be able to remember is
Dean’s face morphed into a grim look and he shook his head. Castiel didn’t know exactly what it meant, but it made him want to flee. Something about Dean’s face made it feel like danger was imminent if Castiel was spotted.
Chapter Nine
“Alpha, of course,” Dean said, and Castiel nodded. “So, freckles, green eyes, light brown hair, tall, a couple tattoos, lots of muscles and big hands, he’s strong—
touch
“Damn,” he chuckled, “When we get married it’s gonna be hard to write vows. I won’t have the words.”
Castiel tried to be mad, tried to be even a little miffed at Gadreel for taking away from the point he was trying to make, but he wasn’t. Honestly, he knew what Gadreel was doing, and he was thankful for the fact he had a friend who could distract him from the stupidity of people sometimes.
~  ~  ~
is right!” Dean huffed. “For Christ’s sake, guys, we have
“Jesus, Jo, do you have to be so nasty all the time?” Rachel stepped in. “You’ve always been so vocal about your hate for us and it’s getting old.”
Four months of their meetings passed. It took four months before Dean finally asked about his scars. Castiel always knew they were the elephant in the room with anyone he met and most people just came out and asked. Dean didn't do that, though. They’d been talking about nothing, really, when Dean asked. His voice all quiet, like he was trying to have a private conversation despite them being the only two in the trailer.
“I did. Did you like that?”
“I’m sorry,” Cas said, frowning. “My stomach was hurting so bad.”
Gilda’s brows drew together again, “That’s not why he doesn’t take you with us.”
He hadn't been able to get a good night's sleep in three months; he’d always wake up feeling like utter garbage. And his appetite had become almost nonexistent. It was a miracle he was able to function. He credited that to his Grace keeping him on two feet and replenishing the lack of sleep and nutrients in his body.
“I don’t want to change into another pair of clothes.
Cas desperately clawed at his clothes. “Yes, Dean. Help me get these off.”
“Fuck, I’m gonna get you ready now, Cas.”
Michael stepped out and walked briskly into their house, ignoring Cas. Something Cas was actually thankful for once. He made his way up to his room quickly undressed and redressed in his nightclothes, getting into his bed as soon as he was in his dark blue shorts he only wore every few months. Today had been the rare kind of day where it got warmer throughout and hadn't let up yet. So cas had dug the shorts from the bottom of his closet, pulling them on quickly and then getting into bed even quicker. When Dean was gone, he found it easier to go to sleep as soon as he was allowed to. It made the days go by faster.
~  ~  ~
“Good,” Dean purred. He let his hands come dangerously close to Cas’s cock before moving them past and stroking the young man’s sides. “Color?”
“Alpha,” Castiel moaned softly. “What—” he cut himself off with a loud moan as Dean’s hips pushed into him and another burst of cum painted his insides. “What happened?” He asked.
ordinary compared to me,” Castiel said, debating where he should fly himself and Dean to in order to protect Dean from his family. Cancun or the Amazon were his top choices at the moment…
Dean shook his head clear of the thought and gently untangled himself from Cas, making sure to cover the boy back up with his quilt. He took a moment to admire Cas’s sleeping form. The pirate’s stomach fluttered while looking at the boy who looked like an angel... So peaceful and serene.
Dean looked between Cas’s eyes, searching for anything to tip him off that this would prove to be a bad idea, but he found nothing. He still has his own doubts, though. “Are you being truthful?” he asked, earning an eye roll. Cas unbuckled Dean’s belt and tugged it out of his pants’ loops.
“When did we meet?” Dean put an arm behind his head as a cushion. “Three and a half years ago?”
Castiel gripped the sheets beneath him and gritted his teeth, forcing his eyes open to see Ellen reaching out of the door to the room. When she pulled her arms back, she held a quilt with a pillow on top in her arms. Castiel’s eyes closed of their own accord and by the time he’d opened them again, Ellen was standing right beside his bed. She kneeled down and reached out to run her hand through Castiel’s hair.
to the institution of being allowed to choose. And he wasn’t naive. He knew to be cautious when out by himself. And the one time he hadn’t been, he paid the price for it.
“Dean,” Cas moaned, arching his back into Dean. “I love you.” Dean kissed down to Cas’s neck, making sure to suck a few bruises into his skin before roughly pulling Cas’s shirt over his head and then moving down farther. “Oh my gods,” Cas whined, threading his hands into Dean’s hair.
“I don’t want to lose you,” Cas hiccupped out a sob. He pulled Dean’s head up from his neck to his to connect their lips in a chaste kiss before speaking, “You
“Cas, I’m sorr—”
Castiel popped one eye open to look back at Dean. “I promised you birthday sex,” he said, coughing as he pushed back against Dean.
“F-fuck me, Dean,” Castiel rasped, moaning deeply as Dean slowly started pulling out. “Oh, god!”
“You’d think so, right? But you’re an omega and omegas are only good for popping out babies and making the perfect cherry pie. You know, right, Dean?” Amara smiled evilly.
Gilda’s opinion meant a lot to Castiel. He had become very close with her as he searched for an activity he liked. She’d given him his first batch of heat suppressants, told him how they worked and how to use them. After that, Castiel had asked her about her relationship with Charlie and she’d been more than happy to answer all his questions. Even the personal and intimate ones, she’d been willing to answer.
“What?” Dean gasped. That genuine shock in his voice made Castiel’s shoulders shake even more because he knew it was a lie. He knew of what King Dean would to do him once his heat hit in full force.
spoiled,” Dean mumbled. He pushed Cas’s chest into the cold tiles roughly before moving his hand up to Cas’s mouth. “Suck,” he ordered. Cas enthusiastically swirled his tongue around the digits, moaning around them as Dean’s other hand came back to play with his nipples.
Cas grabbed his things and headed out, smiling at his father's co-workers as he stepped his way carefully to the Novak carriage.
“It’s safe now,” Dean said, almost startling Castiel. Castiel looked up again and saw Dean finally letting his shoulders relax and his posture sag. “She’s gone.”
“That was a compliment,” Jo said as if it were obvious, making Cas blush harder. “Kid’s got pipes.”
your dick last night! I just felt it inside me and it felt bigger than four inches.”
“If you’d like that, so would I,” Dean said, grinning down at Castiel. Castiel blushed a light pink once again.
Dean started trailing kisses down Castiel’s face and to his neck as he hooked his fingers into the waistband of Castiel’s pants and underwear and gave a gentle tug. “Lift your hips,” he said, and Castiel had to look away as Dean pulled his pants and underwear off. Dean dropped the articles of clothing off the side of the bed and continued trailing kisses down Castiel’s neck to his chest, then down to his hips.
Dean rested his forehead against Cas’s and smiled. “I’m so in love with you, Cas,” he said, feeling more tears come to his eyes and had to concentrate hard on not letting them fall.
“Mhm,” Cas moaned in response, making the older man gasp loudly.
“You’re not suffocating me,” Cas rolled his eyes as he smiled. He bent his knees and wrapped them around Dean loosely. “I can still breathe. But I can feel your weight on me and it’s comforting.”
good.” He rocked his hips again and moaned out Dean’s name.
Dean pushed Jo’s hands away and stood up. “I should have been ready, though, Jo. I’m Dean fucking Winchester of the Impala 67. I’m
not the
“You want my knot?” Dean asked, and Castiel moaned in agreement. “Come on, omega, you gotta say it. You gotta say ‘yes’.”
“Stop touching yourself,” Dean said in a low voice. Cas shook his head, whimpering uncontrollably. Dean grabbed Cas’s wrists and slowly pushed them up to the pillows. “How do you want to be tied up?”
“What about just a piece of the honeyed fruit?” Charlie argued. Castiel couldn’t help the small tug at the corner of his mouth because of the redhead, “Only a piece would do no harm!”
“Okay,” Dean said, smiling. He turned to the rest of the table. “Hey mates, Cas and I are gonna head out. We’re both a little tired.”
Cas stood up and gave Dean a quick kiss, “I don’t blame you,” he backed away, “I’ll see you tonight?”
“Oh, Ash, always a complainer, you are,” Charlie said, rolling her eyes.
“Oh.” Castiel smiled. “That’s really nice of you. And thank you for the clothes.”
“How long do you think until that heals?” he asked.
Dean shut his eyes and nodded. “Yeah,” he whispered, opening his eyes back up and looking to Cas’s. “Okay.”
“What? No!” Dean tried to sit up again, but Castiel held him tight.
“Does… Does Cas seem weird to you?” Dean asked Charlie quietly, leaning into her personal space as to make sure Cas wouldn’t hear.
Castiel looked up at Dean through his lashes and nodded.
“Start walking faster,” Ava demanded. Cas didn’t hesitate to comply, wanting to get to Dean as fast as he could as well as get away from Ava. Her touch was burning him.
Castiel laughed and nodded, giving Dean a quick peck before he nodded to the students still in the room. Dean looked over his shoulder to the stunned students behind him and sobered up.
It clicked for Castiel, then. Lucifer never left Abomination’s back open, never took his eyes off his opponent, and he didn’t have as much power behind his strikes like other beasties. Lucifer had to know every move his opponent made before they made it because he needed to be able to adjust Abomination’s stance in accordance to how his opponent moved, and he couldn’t deliver staggering blows because Abomination’s skeleton didn’t have the strength to back them up.
“I haven't heard of you,” Dean called, “You’re new to the seas, then?”
“Sh, baby, I got you,” Dean purred, applying just a tiny bit of pressure to Castiel’s hole. Not enough for his finger to slip in, but enough for Castiel to feel it.
~  ~  ~
Castiel thought for a second that maybe Abomination didn’t have a weakness...but then he thought about only Abomination and the strikes he gave to Arkangel. They’d all been lacking in power behind them, but each blow had several more follow. They’d always been specifically placed. Always several in a row, not powerful, and—.
“Yeah,” Cas whispered, “Please.”
“Are you being serious?” Ava asked, her grip on Cas’s wrist loosening by the second. Cas shot Dean a look that hoped came across as him saying, ‘
A lawyer for the wealthy was trying to prove the husband innocent, while another lawyer was trying to prove the husband's guilt. If Cas cared even one ounce about this trial, he'd say that the husband’s lawyer was winning, but he honestly couldn't bring himself to give any empathy to the husband or witnesses.
“Well, damn,” he said, shrugging, “For a second I thought you were describing me because I fit all of that except for my dick.”
“Cas, you’re not ugly,” he said. “You’re extraordinary. You’re stunning and beautiful a-and every other amazing word you don’t think describes you. You’re wonderful.”
Castiel pressed himself to the wall behind him, willing himself not to cry.
“He's okay,” Gilda said, putting her hand on Cas’s shoulder. “There's just… You see...”
Dean moaned as Cas’s cum coated his tongue, making Cas shiver and release another spurt of cum into Dean’s mouth. Some of his release dribbled down Dean’s chin. He collected it onto his finger in one swipe and pushed the digit into Cas’s mouth. Cas eagerly sucked it away, biting down gently on Dean’s finger while he was at it.
“Do you feel better?” Dean asked.
Making his way up to his room slowly, he felt his cheeks become wet and he hurried into his room. He closed the door behind him, locked it, and then threw himself onto his bed, hearing something flutter and the fall to the ground from the gust of air that happened when landing on his bed. Cas lifted his head, crawling over to the edge of his mattress to see what had fallen.
Ellen nodded. “They were, but… As you’ve seen, Castiel’s powers are based on his emotions.” She turned back to Castiel. “You rely on them to protect yourself and those you care about. Your heart is your greatest asset, and that’s what scared Zachariah so much. He thought you had too much heart for your own good.”
“Dean,” Cas gasped in a moment of clarity. “Don’t stop!”
“I don’t know, Cas,” Dean breathed out.
“Did you check out my head?” He asked, flinching just a little as Gadreel stood up, too, and grabbed a hold of his arm to keep him standing.
Cas whimpered again, feeling like someone was taking a knife and stabbing him repeatedly and twisting the blade while they were at it. “Please,” He gasped, “Make it stop.”
Dean sighed. “I know,” he whispered. Charlie came over to him and put her arm around his shoulders. “He’s just… He’s different... I don’t know.”
. He was getting married in the afternoon and he would be expected to consummate the union in the evening, which wasn’t something he could do. Given how Meg’s last husband wasn’t able to impregnate her and give her an heir to the throne, Cas fully expected something quite horrible to happen to him.
“You calling me ordinary?” Dean joked, and Castiel wanted to respond, but he saw his siblings moving and coming closer.
“About?”
“Really?” Dean sounded disgusted, and Castiel wasn’t entirely certain what to make of that.
,” Cas growled, looking back at the man. “Do I need to say it again?” He smiled at Dean cockily.
“I don’t think so,” he said. Castiel frowned at him.
“I… I know your name,” Castiel said, and Dean chuckled.
Two months didn’t feel like two months. Not when you spent it in a luxurious hotel in the Bahamas with your true mate. When you spent that amount of time being glued to your alpha’s side, doing whatever you wanted whenever you wanted? It felt like no time had passed at all.
“You want me to make you a pie?” Benny asked, appearing in the doorway and startling Dean.
Cas hummed, “Keep saying words.”
“Take my clothes off, Dean,” he said, pumping his hand along Dean’s length. “Use the oil and get me ready for you.”
Castiel forced all the emotion out of his voice in a way that took years of practice as he responded. “No, I don’t. I was—I mean, you know, I was Unlucky Number Seven. I’m just… Ordinary.”
“Cas—”
But… On the other hand, Cas was sad. He wanted to be apart of that with Dean. He wanted to share that happiness with Dean. It nearly killed him being away from Dean for such long periods of time.
this leaf that had blown on board. I asked him who he was talking about and he just looked at me as if I had just asked the craziest question ever before telling me he meant you.”
stared back at him.
good.”
Meg stood up and moved over to Castiel. She enveloped him in a hug and radiated calmness through her scent.
“Cas—”
“You’re crazy!” Gabe laughed.
Dean was silent for a moment. “I mean… Is that why you don’t like alphas?”
Castiel spared Dean a glance and nodded. “I do.”
“That felt amazing. What… What did you do?” Dean asked, looking into Cas’s eyes.
“Gabe!” Jo snapped, and she turned to him like she was about to start throwing punches. “Shut your fucking mouth.”
“Gilda—Charlie’s wife, she’s our medic. Boy, can she patch you up. I once had a cut on my arm so deep I almost died from blood loss, but she got in there and just stopped it. I mean, she’s got an unfair advantage. She’s got magic in her veins. Then there’s Kevin, my boatswain and carpenter. And Jo, my Master Gunner—she’s amazing at aiming the cannons.
“Yeah. All seven of them. They took turns at first, then rested before doing it again.” Castiel looked down at his lap, pushing down the memories that began rising. “And they kept me from escaping them for hours. Made me do horrible things for them.”
Castiel rushed over to Gabe and began helping him to right himself when this loud
The few friends he made didn’t stick around much because they were either busy with their duties or began to resent him for his privilege. All except an omega named Samandriel—Alfie, everyone called him—who made the time in his schedule to keep Castiel company whenever he could.
Cas whimpered in annoyance and kicked at Dean’s legs enough to get his point across.
“We’re not,” he said. “He’s an alpha.”
kill me! You have to kill me!
“Okay,” Dean said, “I’ll be quick.”
“I love you, Cas,” Dean was almost crying. “I love you so much.”
“I’m here,” Cas said softly, his other hand came to rest on his arm. He spread his fingers out and nudged him forward, keeping himself close to Dean.
“Please, alpha,” Castiel begged, gasping each time Dean’s hips jolted him up on the bed. “Please knot me! I need it!”
, and alphas were great liars. “Castiel? Are you okay?”
“I understand,” Cas interrupted Dean, gently. “You don’t have to explain yourself to me.”
“Blessings, and merry meet.”
“I guess,” Castiel said, “But I can’t see mom intentionally hurting dad.”
He was so fond of this boy. He didn’t know why. There were so many other people he was fond of and cared for, but it was different with Cas.
“Whoa there, brother,” Benny said, smiling a little. He grabbed onto Dean’s arm to help steady him. “Alright, yeah, you need to sleep.”
Gabe grinned. “Let’s get going, then?”
Dean slid his arms up his body to wrap around him and then Castiel was on his back, looking up at Dean through a tear-blurred gaze. Castiel locked his ankles behind Dean’s back, and moaned as the alpha thrust into him.
But it’s still enough to take out a Demon Deal on you.”
“Where is he?” Castiel cut Gabe off. He looked from sibling to sibling, trying to find where they were keeping Dean in their thoughts, but he couldn’t find the information. “I know you took him!”
That scent—leather and apples—smelled so good. If you’d asked him ten minutes ago if the two things would smell good together his answer would have been a resounding and firm ‘absolutely not,’ but after smelling them...oh jeez, did his answer change. It smelled like heaven. All that was on Castiel’s mind was finding out where that smell was coming from.
Castiel heard footsteps and he snapped his eyes open.
“Yes, father,” Cas said, doing his best to hide the giddiness he felt. Seeing as Crowley would take at least six months to get back to Michael about the proposal, Cas was safe. He’d be gone with Dean in three and never have to deal with his father’s nonsense again. Everything was working out in his favor.
It was a part of him, sure, but it wasn’t his identity. And, yes, others had told him the same. It just took someone as pure as Cas to show him that he meant it. That everyone meant it. And just how much they
“Ava!” Cas warned, jerking his hand back to make Ava stop. “Let me go now.” He felt something sharp press into his side.
Sam’s face contorted into a look of sorrow. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
“Thank you,” Dean whispered, laying back on his bed and covering his eyes with a hand. “I know you want to ask me the question; go ahead.”
No one from the crew seemed affected by it as much as Cas though. He didn’t know what it meant, but he didn’t want people to gawk and stare at Dean as he passed them. They didn’t know Dean. They only knew what they’d heard about him. None of them had to right to assume he was monstrous just because the rumors said he was.
“Y-yes.”
~  ~  ~
big of a jerk.
“Oh, my
“We get undressed,” he said, and Castiel couldn’t stop himself from ogling Dean’s body. Castiel knew Dean was pretty fit based on just looking at him, but actually seeing it was a whole different story.
“Hey Cas,” Dean whispered, resting his chin on top of Cas’s head.
Dean groaned and stopped his hand. He grabbed the oil and quickly oiled his cock up before lining his head up with Cas’s entrance. “You can come,” Dean started, “But if you come, I’m not stopping until I’m finished.” Cas pouted while he tried to push himself down onto Dean’s thick length. He wanted more than anything to be filled up by the pirate. “Do you understand?” Cas nodded eagerly, whining loudly. “Nod your head if your color is green.”
“The guards! They found us huddled together in the crossroads between alleys and said I was an unfit mother. I’ve lost my job at the Brothel - Constable Uriel was one of my regulars, he knew I’d been kicked out and-and he t-took my baby!”
“Hey,” Dean whispered, “I’m here. We’re together. I won’t be leaving your side for a long, long time, Cas.” Dean gave him a soft kiss. Cas smiled and closed his eyes, pulling Dean’s head down to rest against his as tears started to leak out from his eyes. “Angel, why are you crying?”
A third voice with Dean laced in the thoughts.
“Tread carefully,” he said, but he was still smiling. “Or I won’t let you eat me out.”
“Okay,” Cas agreed. “Take your time, Dean. You can take your time.”
“Yes, omega, I will give it to you,” Dean said, digging his fingers into Castiel’s hips, “Do you want my bite tonight, too?” He asked, his voice deep and searing. Castiel let out a pathetic little whine and nodded his head. He wanted Dean’s bite badly, he and his omega needed it and he was certain if he didn’t get it tonight, he would die.
“I… I can’t be,” Castiel said.
“I bet,” Dean said, giving Castiel another quick kiss.
King Dean left and the door closed firmly behind him. Castiel waited for barely a second before bolting up and running over to lock it. He slumped against it when the lock was in place and began sobbing again. Only this time out of relief. He was safe. King Dean was locked out and away from him.
“Are you dead or dying?”
Dean’s head snapped up to look at Cas, who had gone back to biting his lip. Dean smirked. “You don’t have to keep quiet for me, angel.”
Cas felt a laugh bubble up in his throat. “I like it.”
Dretch: Torment
. “Stop it. You’re being so mushy. Just, go
“Yeah, and I think another part is me missing my medication. I don’t know if I really want to start taking it again if this is how I feel off of it,” Castiel said. Dean raised an eyebrow at him, but before he could respond, someone bumped into them and Castiel realized that they were standing in the middle of the café.
“No, Dean, I’m okay,” Cas said, pulling away to look into Dean’s eyes. “What do you want me to do?” Dean slid his hands down Cas’s sides to cradle his hips.
Castiel sat in the uncomfortable chairs of the waiting room to the vice principal’s and principal’s office. He’d been called out of class because VP Barnes wanted to talk to him. It was because he was the only person at this school who knew how to work the lights and sound in the auditorium and there was a presentation tomorrow in there, he knew that. His drama teacher warned him he’d be pulled out of class for this, but he couldn’t help but be a little nervous.
to bring his mate back. “No, please, Dean!” He cried, hugging Dean to his chest and wailing. “
“Cas, no!” Dean lunged forward again, catching Castiel by surprise as he wrapped him up in his arms and slapped a hand over his mouth. “Jesus, Cas!” He looked up at Sam. “And damnit
“Mister Winchester!” She ran at him, throwing her weight against his body in a sobbing mess. Dean had to let go of Cas’s hand to catch her; he fell to his knees in the process with the woman in his arms. “They took him!”
Everyone looked up to see Ellen standing by the door. She tapped her wrist and smiled. “It is time to go,” she said. Castiel felt his stomach do a flip from how excited he was. He couldn’t stop smiling as his friends led the way out of his room.
as the creature called it.
Amara sighed and rolled her eyes. “Fine. You got me.” She stepped forward into Castiel’s trailer and crossed her arms. “I couldn’t care less about Castiel’s outstanding performance. What I care about is what’s mine. I’m here to take back what’s owed to me. I’m here to
“Sh,” he said, coming up to kiss Cas. Dean sucked Cas’s bottom lip into his mouth and bit down lightly before pulling away. “I got you.” Dean sat back up and took Cas’s length in his hand.
Benny hesitated, “Yes.” His face morphed into a look of deep thought. “But you also need to be patient with him. Push him to answer you, but don’t force him over a bridge he’s not ready to cross.”
Dean hummed, “Maybe we’ll have to see about making those fantasies come true, yeah?”
Castiel gasped and shook his head. “N-no,” he said, “Please, I want your cock.”
“I know you plan to ask me if you may court me this evening,” Castiel began, and he didn’t miss the way Dean’s shoulders tensed. “I want you to know you do not have to ask me, though.”
“Where do you want me to start?” Ellen asked as Castiel situated himself and grabbed Dean’s hand.
Michael laughed, “Yes, I suppose so. But it is an important meeting.”
Cas begged Dean to stay until the weather calmed down, but Dean had said he couldn’t.
. The pirate your father wants dead.”
“Amara goes where she wants,” Dean said, “and when she’s on the move, I follow.”
“Calm yourself, Cas,” Dean said, batting his hands out of the way so he could undo the clasps and leather lace keeping his clothes on. Castiel almost screamed when Dean didn’t share the same urgency as he did and decided to help push things along. He reached behind himself and yanked at the lacing keeping his dress up, loosening the corset as fast as he could before shoving his entire dress off and stepping out of it.
“How are you doing?” Someone said from beside Cas. Cas turned to see it was Gabe.
“I don’t want to, Dean.” Castiel reached out and unbuttoned Dean’s pants, pushing them and his boxers down just as he had done his own pants and underwear. He couldn’t help the little smile that spread across his face as Dean’s lips parted and his breathing came out ragged.
“Yes,” Cas moaned, throwing his head back and clenching down on and around Dean. “Please, Dean?”
“Oh,” Dean whispered. He was quiet for a long time before tentatively reaching out to take Castiel’s hand again. “What do you want me to do?” He asked, “How do you want me to deal with them? What do I need to do?”
Dean leaned back down to kiss the whimpering Angel, coaxing him back from the brink of orgasm.
Castiel huffed in annoyance, but relented. Dean pulled out and cleaned them up a bit before propping Castiel up against the head board as he went to go run a bath. When he came back, Castiel’s eyes were closed and he was snoring lightly.
”You’re an alpha, what more do I need to not like you?”
“You’re there, baby,” Dean cooed, “Oh, baby, you did such a good job.” He kissed along Cas’s jaw and neck as Cas panted, trying to catch his breath.
“Yes!” Cas screamed, arching his back off the bed. Dean growled and fucked into Cas even harder and faster, making sure to slam straight into his prostate. “Fuck,
“What?”
“I’m sorry, I promise I’ll stop crying, I’m just very happy,” he said, “It’s twins. We’re having twins. A boy and a girl.”
Cas asked, his eyes widening and his heart racing in excitement. “Rope?”
“I-I-I don’t—What—I—”
“I’ll be fine,” Cas whined, again reaching to undo Dean’s pants.
“I helped your mother give birth to... You. And the moment I saw you?” Dean inhaled deeply. “I was gone. On you. I felt the deepest pit inside myself filled. I felt such an overwhelming sense of peace and safety not even being in my mother's arms could recreate. All I wanted to do was protect you, it was the only thing going through my mind as I looked at you,” he said, “and I cannot say for sure, however if I had not looked into your eyes that day... I probably would have turned out like my father.”
Castiel gave it a few moments before he gathered the courage and pulled Dean with him as he entered the building. A surge of unpleasant emotions rose in him as he stepped over the threshold, but Castiel focused on the weight of Dean’s hand instead. He took a few steps into the foyer, looking over the damage he’d done the last time he was here. Almost everything was knocked over and broken. The things that were standing upright looked like they’d been put that way.
“You always have a choice,” Dean said, “and please, you are allowed to call me Dean. The formalities of being king are one of my least favorite aspects of my stature.”
And when they were about a block away from campus, Dean spoke up again.
Cas let out a shaky breath, curling his fingers into Dean’s hair. He noted that it was longer than he remembered and vowed to cut it correctly for Dean. “I missed you so much. I prayed every single night for you to come back. Alfie said I used to call out to you in my sleep,” Cas said.
“Well, to begin: heats are week-long cycles omegas go through every three to four months. It is when our inner wolf is ready to be mated and we’re at our most fertile. And the first thing I should warn you is that, during the next wave, you will be producing slick, and you need to know that there will be a lot of it. It will not feel entirely pleasant, though that is normal and natural and nothing to be worried of. Another thing to not worry about before, during, or after your heat is that you will not be as cognizant as you normally are. And that is due to the biological need your omega feels to be with your mate. The emptiness you will feel and the inherent need to be full will be very overwhelming, and at times painful. It will feel like you are going to die, however it will pass, and you will be alright,” Jess said, taking a pause and shifting uncomfortably, “Now is the, uh, the time I am supposed to tell you about the heat aids we have, except Ellen has the chest they are kept in, so… We will discuss that when she and Charlie get back.”
“Dean,” Castiel said as he stood in front of his husband.
“Honey,” the man interrupted again. Cas frowned as he tried to get out of his grasp. “You’re practically radiating the need for someone to take care of you. I can be that man. I know exactly what you want.”
“Okay,” Dean said, leaning down and kissing Cas passionately. “Do you need me to take the ring off?”
“Can’t breathe,” Cas gasped, turning his head away.
to get up. He didn’t want to break eye contact because that meant moving away and the divine scent invading his nose would dissipate. It meant the feeling rushing through Castiel would stop, and Castiel didn’t want that. It was like electricity was wrapping around his heart and squeezing something exciting and invigorating into his blood. He hadn’t felt something like this ever, he thought, and it caused Castiel to just stare at the man beneath him.
Castiel darted his eyes over to Jo to see her seething at him and he took a step back. He hated when this happened. Especially when it involved Jo because she never knew when to stop.
“Okay,” Cas nodded. He straightened his back and looked into Dean’s eyes as he started to slowly sink down on Dean’s cock.
“Is there anything else you need?” Ellen asked. Castiel took another sip of his water and shook his head. She was about to say something else, but a knock at the door had her setting everything down and striding over to answer it. “Good. We were wondering when you would arrive,” She said to the person on the other side of the door, “Castiel’s been waiting for you.”
Cas screamed,
“Yeah, I get it. Family is complicated,” Dean said, “You know my relationship with my dad wasn’t great, and I never really knew my mother. My brother is really the only family I have.”
“Meg!” Jess chastised, “Hush!”
“Why? We do not know that Castiel returns his affections,” Jess whispered, running a hand through Castiel’s hair to distract him from what she said, it seemed.
Benny nodded and said, “Aye, but I’ve made something special for you.” He pointed at the tray of food next to Cas’s bed. “Doctors orders.”
“What do you think you’re doing!?” Crowley yelled, crying out as he fell forward. Cas had a hard time keeping himself from laughing at that.
“I’m sorry,” Dean sobbed just like he had when they first met.
The Captain was back in his cabin and waiting for Cas to get done with his shower. He had to hear it from the boy himself.
“I’ll be right back,” he said, spinning around and sauntering away. He swayed his hips a little more than usual.
“Jo got you those panties, then, huh?” Dean asked, reaching his hand into the back of Cas’s trousers to smooth over the satiny fabric.
“Ben?” Dean asked, putting his hand on the boy’s back and rubbing it in circles. Ben lifted his head and kissed Dean’s cheek.
“Yeah?” Dean asked, smiling at the slur creeping its way into Cas’s words.
“We all do the same when we are in heat,” Jess said, placing a kiss into his hairline, “It is alright.”
“We can’t,” He said. “I know…” Dean paused, closing his eyes for a moment. “I know I hurt you, broke your trust. Betrayed you, and we need to still talk about how I can mend that rift. I don’t want you to rush yourself back into our relationship because I know you won’t and can’t forgive me only because I apologized. Rightly so, too, Cas. I mean, I really fucked up. I—”
Anxiety made Castiel’s heart race as he heard the door to Dean’s room open. He pulled Dean’s cover up under his arms and waited. The sound of blood rushing in his ears blocked out any other sounds in the room, so when the curtains at the foot of Dean’s bed were pulled aside to show Dean, already half undressed and looking at Castiel questioningly, Castiel startled. He quickly recovered, only to blush as he saw Dean’s eyes flicked down to his body, widening as Castiel assumed Dean figured out he was naked.
Cas looked out at the mess packed with people. Every table was filled to capacity and there were people who had to stand while holding their plates and eating. Benny had been working all night and all day to prepare this massive feast. Turkey, chicken, pork, and beef all prepared in several different ways. Potatoes—mashed, baked, scalloped, fried, and boiled. Rolls with butter, cranberry salad, twelve different soups, corn—on the cob and creamed, stuffing, several different kinds of gravy, and so many more dishes, too.
Dean smiled and held back the laugh he wanted to let out.
“They are exquisite,” Castiel said, reaching up hesitantly to touch the petal gingerly.
“What?”
Castiel took a moment to process everything his siblings had said and focused harder than he ever had to search their thoughts to see if they were telling the truth.
“Sam, you take care of things while I’m taking Cas back, get the swabs to work,” Dean said, “Charlie, Ash, Benny, you’re coming with me to better keep Cas’s identity anonymous. I take it you all know who his father is?” Everyone nodded. “Who else knows?”
. He was barely even recognizable when I saw him. Mom was doing her best to fix him, but he was in such bad shape. Dad told me to try and help—he was practically begging me to do something, but… I don’t know what he wanted. There was nothing I could do. More importantly, there was nothing
That was so wrong, and Castiel just
Amara? As in…
But she didn’t. She kept her focus on her nails. Instead, it was Gilda who spoke up first.
stare because Castiel was
Cas felt a sense of dread creep up his spine, “Dean,” he whispered, pressing his face into Dean’s hair.
“I was told he had killed you,” Alfie said, “They told me he ripped you to pieces when he saw my bite!”
“I do hope you reconsider,” she said, and then turned on her heels. She stormed out with Dean in tow right after her.
Cas responded with pitched
Dean smirked and hooked a finger under the head of Cas’s cock. “I know you are.”
“Cas,” Dean breathed out, his mouth still teasing Cas’s nipple.
Benny sighed, “No. You’re done
Please!”
Benny remembered how hard it was for Dean to come back from his abuse. Charlie, Sam, and he did everything they could to help him. They would all admit, it was hard. Considering how much of a people pleaser he was; always wanting them not to worry about him and saying he was fine, especially for Sam.
“Is that commonplace among the servant staff?” Ellen asked.
“Do you want to talk about what happened yesterday?”
Dean did the same; he shot his arm out with his hand in a fist and knocked Abbadon off balance. She dropped the blade and it went falling into the water below them as she went sprawling out on her back. “I’ll give you one chance to
hurt me if they tried.
Cas squinted at her. “You followed me?”
“Gilda!” Cas heard Dean scream from outside. She only rolled her eyes in response.
Cas frowned deeply and looked down at the food on his plate. He’d only taken a few bites.
Dean was baring
Cas felt himself blush. “Thank you,” he said before a feeling of guilt set in. “And…” Cas sighed. “I’m sorry.”
That was
Now Castiel was unable to stop himself from snapping his head up to look at the King. He gasped inaudibly as his eyes registered what was in front of him because... Green. Vibrant, alluring,
Dean nodded his thanks and then turned to Victor. “Gather anyone who wishes to come with us. Make sure they know it’s not an order, but we need ten people at the very least to man the ship.”
“Let’s go,” Cas said, squeezing Dean’s hand in his own. Dean nodded, taking Cas to grab a quilt for them to lay on before heading out; laughing with each other while they ran off on the path they usually only travelled on in the early hours of the morning.
“Gods,” Dean breathed out, feeling his spine tingle. “Okay.”
Castiel worked up a scream in his throat and was about to let it out when he saw who was sitting there in his living room and it died quickly.
“Thank you,” Cas said. He took a moment to enjoy being in Dean’s presence. But he felt something nagging at the back of his mind.
“No,” Cas said, turning his head to kiss Dean’s cheek.
Dean laughed, bending down to capture Castiel’s lips in a deep kiss.
“Please,” Cas whined desperately, his hips making small thrusting movements. Dean looked down at Cas’s cock: swollen, red at the tip, and leaking precome. “Please?”
“Yes?” Her muffled voice came from the other side of the door.
“Dean,” Cas moaned against Dean’s mouth, gasping and arching his back as he felt Dean’s cum spill inside him. He went silent as he came, his body seizing up and muscles going stiff. His eyes snapped open wide like the feeling of orgasming surprised him — even after all his time spent with Dean.
Castiel pushed the blankets on top of him off, taking a deep breath at the ache in his joints. “Gad, what time is it?”
Dean shoved his tongue into Cas, massaging his inner walls until he started whimpering. From where his arms were, Dean could feel Cas’s thighs trembling and he pulled away as he brought his hand down to rub his finger over Cas’s rim.
Cas wrapped his legs around Dean’s hips, digging his heels into the back of Dean’s thighs to pull him closer. “I don’t blame you for having to go to sea, Dean,” he whispered, green eyes searched blue and vice versa. “You’re not leaving me.”
“Say the magic words,” Dean said, cupping his hands under Cas’s knees and pulling his legs up and apart.
Dean squeezed Cas’s hand.“Alastair used to always give me a ‘present’ on my birthday,” he whispered, “Kinda took away the magic of the day.”
“Really?” Cas asked.
Cas was still smiling as he swallowed all of Dean’s release and as he pulled off, stroking Dean’s length gingerly and coaxing him down from his high.
“No brother’s or sisters?”
Dean nodded, “I’ll check in with you with colors, okay? Green means to keep going, yellow means to pause or slow down, and red means to stop so we can talk. Peach means drop everything and untie you right that second.”
have you be my first, so…”
When they reached the spot Dean was to drop Cas off, they shared quick kisses and then Cas parted, giving Dean soft and comforting smile as he said
So Castiel did. He hadn’t missed a dose in over twenty years, and he felt things…‘appropriately’.
“Be nice,” Rachel hissed, “Jo, we haven’t seen him in years.”
“Aye,” The three shipmates said in unison. Dean sent them all thankful smiles before pulling Cas with him to the edge of the forest.
“What does that mean?”
“You should lock your windows.”
“No, Dean!” Cas whined, throwing his head back. “I want your cock, not your fingers!”
of that matter?”
.” Cas sobbed in response as he dug his nails into the meaty part of his palm. Dean let go of Cas’s hair to hold Cas’s hips still as he continued his pace.
“God damnit, Gabe! Can you be serious for once!” Jo yelled, and Gabe laughed again.
Dean didn’t even have to use his usual trick of running his tongue along Castiel’s bottom lip to get him to open his mouth; because when Dean went to do it, Castiel’s lips were already parted and waiting for Dean to push his tongue into his mouth. Dean took that permission and ran with it. He quickly took control of the kiss and tangled his tongue with Castiel’s, coaxing it easily into submission so he could familiarize himself with the intricacies of Castiel's mouth.
Cas giggled, “Dean The Righteous Man Winchester, The Pirate King, the most feared man to sail the seas, masturbates in the shower?”
“You’re kidding?” Dean asked, a little bit of awe in his voice.
“Cas, hold on, I need to get you dressed,” Dean said, “Stay still.”
“Please,” Cas whined, making eye contact with his lover. “Please.”
“Hm.” Meg sat down in Cas’s chair, eyeing him curiously.
Ellen frowned. “No, I am sorry. She refused to leave her duties.”
“No, Benny,” Dean sighed again. “It wasn’t. You’re just trying to make me feel better.”
“When I was four,” Dean interrupted Cas. “My mother died. It was a burglary gone wrong and this bastard named Azazel trapped her inside our house as it burned down. He killed her.”
“You want honesty?” Dean asked, nudging Cas to lie down again. He ran his hands down the sides of Cas’s frame as Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck.
Castiel shook his head no. “I know what mates are, obviously, I’m not stupid. But
Castiel headed over to Dean, and grabbed a sandwich, not really sure which one it was, but he didn’t mind. He was hungry and wanted to be able to eat before class.
“Ava,” she said. “Are you going to answer my question?”
Cas tore the envelope open, fear and happiness making his gut wrench painfully.
Cas sighed, closing his eyes and imagining Dean next to him, snoring into his hair and his legs tangled together with Cas’s. He imagined waking up to the sun shining through Dean’s window in his cabin and lighting up the pirates features so beautifully.
With that thought in his mind, he fell asleep quickly; a small smile on his face.
“I don’t see why you’re complaining. It works out good for you because the longer I last the more orgasms you get,” Dean said. Castiel threw his head back as he laughed, sliding his arms around Dean’s waist.
Looking around, Cas could definitely confirm that there was a type of party going on. He started forward timidly, searching for Dean. Right now there were only Dean’s second hand mates on deck. All conversing and laughing together.
They jostled him a bit and Castiel felt his head fall onto this person's shoulder. His nose pressed against what he assumed to be their neck and in one shaky inhale, one breath of redwoods, Castiel felt safer than he ever had. Not even being Arkangel gave him this kind of feeling.
The rest of them stayed in the kitchen for several minutes, too in shock to do anything until Castiel’s alarm on his phone went off and startled them into action.
Dean nodded, closing his own eyes in contentment. They stayed like that until Dean heard Cas’s light snores. The pirate pushed himself up again and studied his peaceful face.
Cas grabbed Dean by the front of his shirt as the man came rushing in and pushed him against the wall roughly. He pressed his body along Dean’s trying to cover as much of the man as he could with his own body. “It’s not enough,” Cas growled in frustration. He fisted Dean’s shirt in his hands and ripped it open before splaying his hands out against Dean’s torso.
“Oh come on,” Gabe pouted dramatically. “Don’t be rude.”
Charlie gave him another suspicious look. “Are you sure? You can’t sit still, you’re sweating, and you’re almost as pale as a ghost.”
Castiel snapped his head up to look at the scene before him.
“Michael,” Gabe greeted.
“Yeah, and let me tell you, Jo’s amazing with her tongue. I mean she just—”
“Are you cold?”
“I think dad was murdered,” Jo said. Castiel heard several groans of annoyance and Meg chuckled.
Castiel narrowed his eyes at Dean and squared his shoulders.
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut and turned to lean back against the door. If omegas and betas didn’t want Dean, there wasn’t anyone left but… “Was your first time—”
Castiel fumed as he made his way back to his bedroom. He was so angry that he didn’t see Charlie and Meg exiting the library as he passed. But they caught up to him and stopped him.
Cas smirked at him and teasingly said, “Watch me.”
“No,” he said, “I haven’t.”
“You’re tired?” Dean asked, wrapping his arms around Cas.
Castiel was carrying Claire while Ben clung to the belt loop of his pants, and Emma was talking animatedly with Dean’s student.
“You’re…” Castiel felt like he was going to be sick.
Castiel waited, frozen in his spot as Dean moved over to push the ringer. If Castiel had been in his trailer already, he would have heard the bell and he would have answered the call. He would have had to talk to Amara. And something in Dean’s eyes had told him that he should want almost anything but to enter into conversation with her.
“Yeah, I can feel you,” Dean said, “Come on, Cas. One more and I think you’ll be ready. You’re already very…” Dean inhaled shakily,
“You were thirteen, Cas,” Dean said, running his hand down his face. “You were vulnerable—”
Dean nodded and headed out, walking at a slow pace into his cabin and smiling when he got in there and saw Ben curled up against Lisa’s side. He changed into a nightshirt and pants before crawling under the covers and scooting closer to the Braeden's.
“Alpha!” Castiel yelled again, his body jerking away from Dean’s fingers only to thrust back down onto them, like he couldn’t decide if the stimulation was too much or not enough. The display was entirely too much for Dean to handle, and when Castiel let out a small, broken ‘alpha, please’ Dean couldn’t deny Castiel anything anymore.
“Nothing,” he giggled. “Maybe just talk, cuddle, kiss, and if that leads to other things… I wouldn’t be opposed.”
“Oh!” Dean dug into his pocket again and grabbed his wallet. He pulled out what looked like a business card and handed it to Castiel. “I have a shop. The address is on there if you ever wanna swing by… I’m there almost every day from seven until eight or nine, so… Just swing by. Even if I’m closed, give a knock or something.”
. I know the past is scary to relive... And I know it hurts. But the only way to heal the pain is
“Alright,” she said, waving him off before giving Castiel an apologetic look. “We’ll finish this later, okay?”
“Well, I guess you could say you just swept me off my feet,” that someone said, and Castiel immediately made to get off this person and stand up, but stopped when he looked up into the mesmerizing green eyes of the person beneath him. He froze because he came face to face with the most beautiful person he’d ever seen. And when the man’s scent registered in his brain it took his breath away because it was so purely alpha.
“Dean…”
“Dean is a complicated man,” Sam sighed. “He’s got abandonment issues like you wouldn’t believe. Our father… He was not a good man. I don’t remember much from back then, but what I do… Dean was treated like our dad’s slave. He wanted Dean to take the place of our mother for me. But he didn’t.”
hard time leaving him because all Dean wanted—all his alpha wanted—was to get in bed with Castiel and wrap the omega up in his arms. He wanted to kiss Castiel awake and keep him in bed to talk about whatever Castiel wanted; all day. Dean wanted to protect Castiel in the most primal way he knew, and before Dean did just that, he forced himself to leave and forced himself not to think about going back to Castiel.
“Fuck me!” He demanded, but Dean wasn’t a nice enough person not to be just a
“Go back to your ship and raise the white flag, or I will destroy you and your crew,” Dean said. “I'm giving you a second chance.
“Cereal,” he said. “But can we not get the sugarless kind this time? That stuff you got last time sucked.”
Cas and Alfie made a quick exit, not giving anyone time to contradict his wishes. He really was quite tired. He’d found that most of his days were spent in an exhausted haze. The only saving grace was Alfie.
“I’m here to talk,” he said, “but if any of you so much as come near Dean—”
“You may be on your way back to Heaven, Novak. There isn’t much light in the day left, so I advise you get going now,” Crowley said, giving Michael a smile before standing. Cas bowed, discreetly looking towards his father to gauge his reaction. Michael forced himself to smile back, bowing deeply just as Crowley left the room with Meg following closely behind him.
Cas let out a loud, breathy moan. “Please…” he begged, sounding only sounded like he’d breathed out the
Dean shuddered in disgust at himself, thanking whoever might be listening for this rubber band trick because he was one wrong turn away from a panic attack. “Oh, my god. Did I just—
“Do you want to be tied up?” Dean asked, smiling. Cas sighed and nodded.
Sandover tried to jerk away from Dean, but Benny held him still. “No! Stop! Get away from me!”
“I’m so sorry!” Castiel said, cursing himself as he planted his feet and helped the man up off the ground again. He wanted the earth to swallow him whole right now, and he wouldn’t even care if it did. In fact, as the man stood up to his full height and started brushing himself off, Castiel wished the earth would swallow him because, sure, Castiel could tell he was tall just by seeing him on the ground, but Castiel wasn’t ready to see how truly gigantic he was on his feet.
“How old are you?” Charlie asked, Cas was sure not meaning to pry, but it was almost coming off that way.
at night. You can’t hold yourself to a higher standard than everyone else. Not in a situation like this. You’re just one man.” Jo jabbed Dean’s chest.
Meg brushed her clothes off as she looked at all of them, putting on a forced smile. “Hey guys,” she said, “What’ve I missed?”
Dean furrowed just brows, even though he felt a bit of a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. “I don’t know what it sounds like you’re saying, but it definitely feels like you kinda just insulted me.”
“Are you sure you want to still be tied up?” Dean asked, rubbing his hands over Cas’s stomach.
“Omega Samandriel Aingell, we have the right to take you down to the dungeon for the night for actively resisting an order of the King.”
Dean nodded, kissing Cas again. “You betcha.”
“Bobby, I deeply believe that Castiel wants what is best for the people,” Dean said, “I believe wholly he wants to help them. But he is still adjusting. He is still maturing. He needs more time. Give him that, please.”
“Yes, yes,” Jess said, “I will lift his head, and you replace the pillow.”
“I don’t care what they have to say,” he said, “They thought
“Is it? Am I?” Dean asked, “I mean, would you rather me not apologize at all?”
Castiel choked. “I cry your mercy,” he squeaked, gaping at Dean. He saw Dean’s mouth turn up at the corners, forming a soft smile.
“Sounds like someone who was depressed, Jo. In someone dad’s age, that can cause heart failure,” Rachel said.
“My daughter is the locksmith,” she said. Castiel’s stomach clenched. Even if he had locked the door, Dean still could’ve gotten in. He hadn’t been safe. There was nowhere in this castle he could be safe.
“Arms
“I love you, too,” Dean responded, savoring the feeling of Cas’s cooling skin against his own as he fell asleep.
Gramercy: “Thank you” / “Thanks”
“Gramercy, Meg,” Castiel said softly. Meg gave him a smile and leaned down to kiss his forehead. She pulled away and began to leave, but Castiel grabbed her wrist. “I mean it Meg. Thank you for helping me through this.”
Both of them tried to stay awake as long as possible, not wanting to miss a moment with the other, but found themselves asleep within minutes of each other.
Castiel inhaled sharply at that because what had happened to Kevin had been horrific. Meg grabbed Castiel’s hand and asked, “Was it bad? What happened to him?”
“Why?”
“Well,” Dean said, flicking his eye down to Cas’s mouth and back up to his eyes. “Either way, someone is gonna have to clean this sugary crap off my face. And I don’t plan on doing it myself.” Dean pushed his hands under Cas’s shirt.
“Hm.” Dean sat up, crooking his fingers into that spot again. Castiel cried out and snapped his legs closed as best he could with Dean between them.
Dean said. He stopped and looked around, trying to find something to take his mind off Ava and what she did to Cas. “I’m
“Really? ‘Cause you’re turning a little…
Dean’s hand tightened around his, and Castiel could scent Dean’s contentment.
“We fell asleep,” Cas said in a panicked voice.
“Okay,” Dean said, “Me too.”
Castiel sighed deeply. “I have been feeling unsatisfied as of late,” he said. Dean nodded again, putting his fork down so he could focus on what Castiel was saying.
Dean craned his head to snarl right into Cas’s ear, “This hard enough for you?” He punctuated his sentence with another snap of his hips. Cas hung his head, whimpering in answer to Dean’s question. He felt his orgasm building faster than he thought possible.
Another tap to his forehead made him roll away from Alfie because he felt that after having to deal with the King—
For the most part, Castiel liked his version of school. Other servants weren’t happy that he didn’t have to help with all kitchen duties, but they kept it to themselves well enough. Castiel helped when and where he could, but sometimes he wasn’t greeted with warmth.
“I’m awake,” he said, his voice cracking. “I’m
“Nope. And either way, you already said you do not want to be courted by him, so when he asks you tomorrow, say no,” Meg said, leaning forward and raising an eyebrow as she continued, “
“No,” Cas answered honestly. “You’re not.” Gabe closed his eyes and fisted his hands at his sides.
“Fine,” he said, and the way Dean’s face lit up almost made him smile back. “B-but you have to keep your distance.”
Amara laughed. “Do you even know who you’re talking to?” Her face darkened and she looked directly at Castiel's neck, right where Dean's claim lay on him. “You took my money from me. You took my clients. You took my alpha from me. You took everything that mattered to me.”
“Okay, angel,” Dean murmured, helping Cas to get under the covers.
“It is,” Charlie whispered. She handed the spyglass to Dean. “I’ve never seen those flags before.” Dean shot her a concerned look as he took the spyglass and held it up to his eye.
“Do I, though, Cas?” Dean asked, pushing himself up.
“What are you even doing here, Cas?” Jo asked, “You shouldn’t be here!”
Castiel was drained, but he also felt light. Dean had… Dean was… Castiel didn’t know how to explain it, but Dean was… He was something. And it made Castiel’s heartbeat erratic, gave him butterflies in his stomach, and Dean was hard to stop thinking about.
“Mhm,” Cas hummed, his hands coming to a stop as he drifted off to sleep to the pleasant feeling of Dean’s heavy head on his stomach and his hands on his sides, holding him protectively.
“Well, Castiel, I do not want to take up too much of your time. Especially not so soon after your first heat, however I feel we really need to talk about our possible eventual mating and marriage,” Dean said. Castiel stiffened, “And due to the reaction I got just by meeting you—which I do take full responsibility for and I apologize, Castiel, for the upset I caused you. I swear, that was not my intention. I only… I simply… I am sorry. It had been so long since I last saw you and I could not help myself. I should have shown greater restraint while you were so close to your heat. I am deeply sorry, Castiel. I hope you can forgive me.”
That’s how Dean finds out that his and Castiel’s students and the staff—their friends—of Lawrence High, for the past ten years, all thought he and Castiel were…
“Please!” Cas pulled on the ropes around his wrists. “Dean, oh my god, please?”
Dean Winchester had just deflowered the virginal son of his worst enemy.
Okay, so, the announcement I talked about in the beginning notes:
“Really,” Dean breathed out, kissing just under Cas’s jaw as he added another finger. He curled them just right, making Cas pitch forward and curl around Dean.
Cas gasped and opened his mouth, moaning out Dean’s name. He breathed hard while watching Dean’s hand. “Please… Captain…” Cas’s eyes shot up to Dean’s and begged him for release.
“I love you too, Cas,” Dean responded, sliding his arms around Cas’s middle and pulling him back against his chest. “Now close your eyes and relax. I know you’re tired, so I’ll talk to you until you fall asleep.”
Cas thought about that fact for a moment, asking himself,
“What happened?” She asked, her voice calm but her eyes wide with surprise. “Were you mauled by a lion?”
“I think an actual introduction would be good,” he said, sliding his arms around Dean’s middle as the alpha curled his arm around his hips. “This is my mate, Dean.”
Despite making Cas be late - again, Dean had noticed Cas was running a little funny. He was probably blissfully sore from what they’d done early that morning, Dean concluded, laughing under his breath and feeling his chest swell with a sort of pride.
“None of the toys I gave you are as big as me, are they?” Dean asked.
“Jo!” She scolded. Cas buried his face in Dean’s shirt to hide the blush that he was sure made him look like a tomato.
“Cas?” Gilda asked, slowing down to a stop, “Are you alright?”
“You are — You
“Not everyone has all perfect experiences in their sexual history. I don’t pry, I don’t judge, and I certainly
“Dean Winchester,” Ava announced. Dean hadn't noticed her until that moment. He looked over at her and his face immediately contorted into a look of hatred and anger. “I want to come on the Impala. I want to join your crew.”
”I don’t think it is.”
“Does it feel alright?” Dean asked, just to be sure the look in Castiel’s eyes wasn’t due to pain. In response, Castiel let out this noise that made Dean grow harder and thrust faster; this cross between a pleased little sigh and a deep satisfied moan.
friends, but maybe she was the one to talk to about this. She was a few years older than him, and Gilda and Charlie, and Jess.
“We can’t tell you,” she said, her tone harsh. “He’s the person who ends the world. The Garrison wants him protected, so we have to figure out how to get rid of him.”
“Okay…” Dean said slowly, giving Cas a once over before thanking Charlie and walking over to the boy in question. He put his hand on the small of Cas’s back and steered him to a less populated area of the mess.
Cas nodded again, looking at Benny intently. “Of course.”
“Oh.” Dean looked over at him with an odd expression. “Well, even so, I’m sorry you lost him.”
“What?” Dean asked, breathlessly. “What is it? Are you okay?”
you,” Cas said with a stiff jaw. He looked up at Dean and there was a fire in his eyes that made Dean wither a little bit.
“Sh, baby," Dean soothed, pressing the pad of his finger against Cas's rim and rubbing against the sensitive ring. Cas inhaled sharply and his head fell back onto the pillows as a soft moan spilled out of his mouth. He breathed out a pleased sigh, thrusting his hips shallowly down in hopes of Dean's finger pushing into him.
“Patience,” Dean whispered, nipping at the inside of Castiel’s thigh. Castiel whined as he felt Dean cup the underside of his knees and push them up to expose him completely to Dean’s heated gaze.
“I still owe you dinner, don’t I? Maybe we can hit a grocery story after your class, get all our favorite things and make dinner together,” Dean said. Nothing sounded better to Castiel than that plan, but there was one problem.
“Get him to talk to you,” Sam added.
“Dean—”
“It was nice talking, Cas,” he said, making Castiel blush yet again before he walked into the principal’s office, leaving Castiel alone to wait for the VP to call him in.
“Okay, well, if she's degrading, what are we supposed to do about it?” Benny asked.
Castiel looked away. “Let’s just go,” he said and started trudging his way back to the academy. He wasn’t willing to have this conversation with Rachel right now. Her words from before had hurt him, and the wound was still fresh.
Castiel narrowed his eyes even further at Dean. “So, of course, I’ve been raped,” he said. “That’s the part that’s obvious?”
“Okay,” Cas answered. He put his hands against the headboard and locked his elbows. Dean pulled on the ropes until Cas was blushing from head to toe from the vulnerable position he was in.
“A-alright,” Castiel whispered.
“What?” Castiel knew his voice was a few octaves higher than normal, but as Dean moved off the bed and unbuttoned his jeans, Castiel found that he didn’t care to be embarrassed because his focus was on Dean’s hands.
“It was just… It was my husband—my
Benny laughed under his breath, and Castiel guessed today was the day Benny was breaking all the records of the times Castiel could count on one hand about him.
pain burst out from the side of his head.
“How do you mean?”
“Quite well, gramercy,” Gilda responded.
“O-oh, no, I don’t have a…boyfriend.”
“As always, you have the option to abandon now. I won’t—”
“Yeah… Thanks. He was my father, but I don’t really think he really understood what it meant to love,” Castiel said. Dean quirked an eyebrow and Castiel quickly added, “I-I mean, he had seven kids, but I was always left out of their… Activities. He put them above everything, and I was always just… Unlucky Number Seven.”
Gilda smiled, “Good.” She came over to stand beside the bed to check Cas’s vitals. “Everything seems good.”
As Dean opened the door to their cabin Cas whispered, “May I give you my present now?”
Castiel sighed and buried his face into his pillow and pulled the quilt tighter around him, he ignored all the outside noises and let himself be lulled back to sleep with the pleasant scent surrounding him.
to stop. “Please!”
“You cannot go!” he said forcefully, “You are too young to be mated!”
Castiel’s eyes widened in utter shock at the thought that Dean sent omegas to be with him during his heat. Never in a million years did Castiel think anyone could be that cruel. He shook his head, looking from the red haired woman, to Jess, to the brunette.
artifact in the world, and he would
Castiel’s eyes slowly faded back to blue, and he nodded quickly.
“Dean?” he asked, sleep still evident in his voice. He tried to stretch himself out, aiming to pull whatever was over his eyes off, but he found that he couldn’t move. “What?” He tried to remember what happened last night. All he came up with was him and Dean falling asleep, face-to-face while laughing and whispering jokes to each other. “Dean?” Cas pulled at the restraints around his arms again. He tried to move his legs and found that they were also tied up — just like how Dean had tied him up when he wore those panties and Dean put the cockring on him.
“Either way, let’s sit down and chat. We haven’t seen each other in six years, and I want to know everything.” Rachel linked her arm through Castiel’s and pulled him towards the kitchen. “I especially want to know if you’ve got an alpha you come home to.”
“Yeah, no, me too, I’ll call you and we can get coffee or something,” Dean said, and Castiel nodded as he looked up at Dean. “I, uh, I should let you get home now, so, I’ll… Go. Uh, well, you’ll be hearing from me,” Dean finished, gave Castiel another smile, and then turned and began walking back in the direction that he and Castiel had come from.
Cas and Dean were content. They’d be happy to die like this if that’s what it came to: sloppy kisses and thrusts of hips; wonton
Dean had done so much for his brother. He’d done everything he could to keep him safe from alphas, and he’d never taken advantage of his status against those who couldn’t fight back. Hell, the first night Castiel met Dean, Dean had practically killed Alastair to keep the alpha from raping him. And every night since then, he’d been happy to just talk—and with no mention of repayment for what he’d done.
There was an unspoken promise that Michael left with Cas that if he didn’t finish his work, he’d be punished… And Cas knew what Michael’s punishments meant.
Before he could get any angrier, movement from his right made him turn his head to see that Gilda had sat down next to him.
Dean had decided to stay a little longer than a few weeks this time. Something in which Cas was thankful for. He’s already admitted it to Dean, but Ava had really messed with him. Not in any way that was permanent. But she’d gotten so close to telling everyone their secret, and Cas couldn’t stand to think about what he would do without being able to simply just hold Dean.
Castiel answered with a high, pleading moan and Dean shook his head.
Dean looked at the clock, “You have a point there,” he said, wincing more at the mess in his drawers before rolling off Cas and standing up.
“I’m right here,” Dean whispered. Cas finally registered Dean’s warmth on top of him and relaxed into it.
“How do you want it?” Dean asked, taking both of Cas’s wrists in one hand and letting the other come to splay over Cas’s stomach.
“Dean,” Cas moaned, sliding his hip against Dean’s and feeling the quickly growing bulge in the pirates pants. He let out a small whimper before pulling at Dean’s shirt. “I want you undressed. Now,” Cas whined. “Pants.” Dean laughed and let Cas undo his trousers, immediately shoving his hand into them and wrapping his hand around Dean’s shaft. He opened Dean’s pants enough to get his cock out without actually taking his pants off. Cas was too engrossed with stroking Dean’s cock at the moment to worry about the rest of his clothes.
, his mark on his mate—his claim on the soul that he loved most in the world.
When the sun finally set and the old woman who owned the library gave him a curious look, Cas left. He kept his the collar of his jacket up, stepping into the alleyway next to the library, watching people come and go for ten minutes and then he stepped out again, heading towards the docks.
“And what’s worse is you’ve brought Rachel into it! God, Rach, you have a brain, how can you buy into Jo’s craziness? Is she holding you hostage or something?” Gabe shot up from the couch in urgency and rushed over to grab Rachel by the shoulders. “Rachel, she’s got you, doesn’t she? What is she using to get you on her side? Blink twice if you need help!”
“Ben thinks I’m his father?” Dean asked, not able to help the little smile forming on his face.
“Please, Dean, please!” Cas begged. “Please, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I’m sorry for teasing you!”
“No,” Charlie shook her head. “Not completely. She’s seen it with his uncle, too. Gabe’s aura is not as shiny as Cas’s, though. She thinks Cas’s got more Grace than any other Novak since the archangel, Michael.”
When Cas was out of sight, Dean grabbed another pair of bed sheets and made up his bed in no time, calling to Cas that he was going to go on deck to check on some things. He made his way on deck and stretched himself out, breathing in the honest air. Now that he could mention it, he was a little achy as well. But, like Cas said, it was a good feeling. Dean couldn’t remember the last time he’d come that hard.
Where did you get that—”
Castiel didn’t know what that meant, but it excited him and urged him to reach down to wrap his free hand around his and Dean’s members, too. He mimicked the motions Dean made, and whimpered as he felt Dean throb in his palm.
“Someone shouldn’t have to pay for my mistakes,” Dean shot Jo a look.
“Cas!” Dean gasped, and Castiel watched as he tried to move his hands but he couldn’t. It was like a magnet was keeping them right where they were. Dean looked up at his arms and tugged at the invisible bindings, his face contorting into a look of confusion before he looked back to Castiel. “Cas are you—?”
“No!” Castiel shook his head, lifting his free hand up to cup Dean’s face and ease the guilt off his face. “No, you didn’t do anything wrong, It’s just…” Castiel chewed his bottom lip for a moment. “I’ve never…”
“First time you’ve ever had a prostate orgasm,” Dean said, “It’ll do that to you.” He laid Cas down on his back and situated himself on his arm and knees. “I’m gonna pull out; are you ready?”
“I didn’t?”
Lighting lit up the room again, and Castiel saw the shadows of his wings on the wall he was facing. They flared out behind him in a display of dominance, and Castiel couldn’t help but notice how Dean’s hips started to lift up to meet him when he fell back into the alpha’s lap.
Thunder boomed through the room, and Castiel straightened up as tall as he could. He fixed Jo with a look that made her face morph from annoyance to confusion and something more vulnerable.
Dean looked at each of his friends pointedly as Castiel sat back down next to him. He reached over and slung his arm along the back of his husband’s chair. “This is your punishment for being a bunch of oblivious dumbasses,” he said, and turned to give Castiel another passionate kiss.
Cas glared. “What do you want? To threaten me again? I already told you I have no influence over how soon Dean comes back—”
The man walked around to tie Cas’s hands together behind his back and then his feet together. “Don’t move,” he said, and there was something familiar about his voice.
“You won’t?” Dean whispered, leaning down and replacing his hands with his mouth.
“You want to come again?” Dean asked, leaning down to speak in Cas’s ear.
When Cas was deemed finished and after the maidens had left, guardsmen came and fetched him. The escorted him out of his chambers and into the courtyard where two carriages were waiting. They were both mahogany with gold trim, while the insides looked to be red velvet. Everything about them screamed
The sound Dean let out surprised Cas, and he couldn’t help but smile to himself. Dean had never been one to cry out like that and that it was
His aim was to kill them. Their dad may have stolen his potential to be more than he was now, but they’d taken it even father. They’d treated him as if he were nothing, just because he didn’t have powers. They never gave him the time of day. Their father stole his potential, but they’d stolen his worth.
“You barely even knew me,” Cas stated.
“Yes,” She said quietly. “I thought it was just my imagination, and I was hoping that you and Jo were together so that I could just pass off the resemblance to my imagination. But…”
Dean shouted through the phone. Castiel dove down to grab Dean and shakily held it up to his ear.
“I would have beaten those two asshole bullies into pulps,” Dean said. Castiel reached up to cup Dean’s face.
“It’s okay,” Dean soothed, rubbing his hands over Cas’s thighs and sides, “You’re doing so good, baby, so good.”
“Sorry, I just…” Dean started. “I knew there was something different about him.”
But what Michael didn’t know was that Cas had already finished all his work, and started on the next articles. He stayed up for the past two nights getting it all done.
Cas let his head fall back against Dean’s shoulder, moaning breathily. “It’s your f-fault.”
“Yeah,” Castiel said, maybe a little too eagerly in answer. Dean’s face softened and his eyes shone at that and it made Castiel blush deeply. He looked away from Dean quickly and entered his room, shutting the door quickly. He stared at it for a few long seconds and then went back up to it, debating on whether to open it or not. In the end, Castiel didn’t. He knew if he opened it again, he wouldn’t be able to ask Dean what he wanted. Instead, Castiel called through the door. “When we first met you mentioned something about your brother.”
“Thank you,” Castiel said. “It’s not true. ‘Cause Dean and I a-aren’t…”
to think maybe you were a person of interest because
meant everyone on this ship and if they were going to fight for him, he would fight for them, too.
“Y-yes?” Castiel said, freezing as Gabe flopped over to look at him.
I am so sorry for how long it took me to update! I've been rather busy with the things going on in my life. I just turned 18 and for some reason, my mom has now decided to go absolutely crazy so not only do I have to deal with that until I move out (which I'm working on at the moment and is one of the reasons for the late update) but I also have to deal with the extra chores (that used to be her chores) she gives me as well as studying to take my GED so I can actually finally get accepted for a job so I /can/ move out and just agh I'm sorry. It doesn't matter. I'm hoping the next chapter won't take as long to get up.
Michael nodded. “I’d say so, yes.” Cas didn’t know how to respond to that, but luckily they came to a stop and didn’t have to continue.
Dean whistled.
Dean waved his hand and shook his head.
“I don’t like leaving you,” Dean whispered, hugging Cas tightly. “It tears me up inside. I hate it, Cas. I hate leaving you alone for such long periods of time.”
“Gladiator,” another said.
“Dean?” Cas started, “I’ve said this before, and I meant it then just as much as I mean it now: You deserve to get what you want. And I know that I’m what you want; or at least something you want.”
“Castiel—”
“Because Sam already has two dogs and our landlord only allows for two pets.” Dean shrugged, giving Castiel an apologetic look over his shoulder.
felt amazing. Dean felt amazing. He was pushing up into Castiel gently, moving as best he could to meet his thrusts. Castiel could feel every twitch, every pulse, every jump Dean’s cock made inside him. It was enough to make his body shiver and his legs tremble—it was more than enough to make him come and just seconds later, Castiel did. Castiel came so hard it whited out his vision and made him boneless against Dean for several minutes.
about exactly how good you feel—”
“He will not give me what I want from him,” Castiel said, “I want more from our relationship, and he will not give it to me. He said was that we have to wait until marriage.”
Cas kept a tight hold on Dean as they kissed and smiled and whispered
“I do, in some aspects. I don’t think all of it comes from him. I know some of it comes from you.”
“Oi! Dean!” Sam yelled, running down the dock towards them. “We have to go, sunrise is getting close, and Cas needs to get home before that.”
Dean watched as Castiel’s face morphed into a look of surprise for a split second before his eyes fluttered and it looked like he had a hard time keeping them open. Castiel let out these stuttering, forced breaths, and Dean almost laughed because no way had Castiel been fucked before. This was Castiel’s first time, and by the look on his face from Dean just pushing into him, he was going to enjoy getting fucked immensely.
Castiel complied immediately, helping Dean to rid him of his jacket, shirt, and gloves.
“I've been practicing, Dean,” Cas teased. He lifted himself up and dropped back down, letting out a pleased huff. “You know what I did?” he put his hands on Dean’s chest for leverage. “I used that gold you gave me — you know, when you thought I was a whore — and I went into the town market.” Cas rotated his hips, making Dean gasp for breath. “I bought another toy for myself.”
“You’re just pissed, Rachel! You’re just pissed Cas didn’t show you!”
“What have you done, Jo?” Cole asked, sharing a bewildered look with Benny.
“I—” Cas traced over Dean’s bottom lip. “—love—” He moved his hand and ghosted his thumb over Dean’s eyelid. “—you—” Then he placed a kiss on Dean’s temple. “—Dean.”
know,” he whispered so only Dean could hear him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh,” he whispered, and Dean was about to say something cheesy about how all his knot was worth was just
“What about yours?” Cas asked.
Castiel scoffed.
“Goodnight, Dean.”
Once Castiel couldn’t hear his footsteps, he trusted it to move forward for a peek. Dean was nowhere to be seen…Castiel pushed down the tinge of disappointment he felt and entered his trailer. For the next few hours, he forced himself to focus on Arkangel. Only when exhaustion took over did he go to bed, dreaming of broad shoulders, green eyes, and freckles.
in bed.”
“Cas?” He heard Sam’s tell-tale voice ask as soon as he entered the room.
Castiel understood then. “So you turned to escorting.”
“What would you know,
Two men stood beside it, talking. Dean was one of them, so Castiel assumed the other was Sam. And, well, Castiel hadn’t really known what to expect Sam to look like, but it wasn’t this.
“But—”
“What happened?” Meg asked, putting her hand on Castiel’s shoulder hesitantly, “I thought tonight was your dinner with Dean? Why are you angry?”
“We had to fight half the pirates in the sea. It’s not as easy as you’d believe,” Sam said. Cas shook his head again, setting his jaw as he took a moment to collect himself further.
“Not a
“Impatient,” Dean hissed playfully, smiling afterwards and taking his under-linens off. Cas basked in the view of Dean’s form as the man took Cas’s wrists in his hands and pushed them up towards the head bed. “Don’t move them.”
I thought you were new to the neighborhood, like you'd just moved in a few months ago or something! But you've been—fuck, Cas! You've been watching me for five fucking years?! You were—!"
, I got so wet for you,” Castiel said, and Dean’s hips gave a little push. The action drew another high moan from Castiel, and Dean almost laughed as he felt the omega squeeze around him. “I can’t—I can’t
“They’re different — ah! — noises than usual?” Cas asked, jerking against the bed when Dean bit down lightly, just to warm Cas up before biting down harder. He stopped just short of when it would be too painful and used the pad of his finger to massage away any residual hurt. It stung a little. But it stung in just the right way.
“Mom, I…” Castiel tried to explain, but he couldn’t find the words. He was sorry, he was upset with her, too, and Castiel was thankful.
Dean thought for a moment. “Nay,” he yelled. “I don't think that's a bright idea. I don't know your name.” Another silence. Not as long as the first, though.
“I sent her down to check on Arkangel and then get breakfast,” he said.
“This was a mistake. I give up. Cas, would you—” Dean choked as he looked up and saw Castiel in only the thin chemise and panties he’d picked out.
“Dean,” Cas whined, his thighs quivering and opening wider. “Faster!” Dean kept his pace the same. Right now was not the time for a rough quickie. He knew Cas wanted it, but he wasn’t going to allow that. The pirate looked down at Cas’s cock. He was sure the small length was aching painfully to be touched again.
Dean turned around to see Castiel standing there in their kitchen… Dripping wet.
“Dean!” The blue-eyed boy almost yelled. Dean pushed the shirt up to expose Cas’s chest and took on of the sensitive nubs between his teeth, gently biting down. “
Ava smiled, “Thank you. Now if you excuse me, I have food to prepare for you and your mother and your father.” Cas quickly scrambled away from her, his heart pounding in his chest. He couldn’t have Ava going around and telling people his and Dean’s business. He just couldn’t… If she did, and Michael found out, Dean wouldn’t be able to come back to Heaven — ever. Even if Michael didn’t believe the rumor.
“Huh, now
“Yes,” Castiel said, and if Dean were a worse person he would’ve commented on how turned on Castiel sounded or how he could detect hints of slick in the air, but he wasn’t that much of a jerk.
She yelled, and then turned back to Rachel and Benny. “He’s a liability. He always has been!”
I'm thinking of rewriting this fic. Probably shortening it and taking out some major plot points of this fic. It'll still be the same idea (Dean's a pirate, Cas is the son of his worst enemy, they meet, they fall in love, stuff goes down and Cas almost is married to a woman, but Dean comes in at the 11th hour and they live happily ever after).
Castiel looked up to see Benny as Rachel turned her head to acknowledge their brother in her periphery. He nodded over his shoulder to tell them to come with him.
“Is it because
“I am asking for more,” he said, reaching up to cup Dean’s face as he got back up on his tiptoes. He tried to kiss Dean again, but Dean took Castiel’s hands into his own to stop him.
“Oh thank the Lord,” Jess said under her breath and then stood up to go greet them. Ellen took one look at her and smiled warmly, amusement flitting across her face as Jess walked over to them.
“Cas, we saw what the end of the world looked like, and it was a huge explosion. We thought maybe it was a nuclear bomb or a blast or something, but it’s something else entirely.” She looked at Meg and when Castiel saw the realization dawn on Meg’s face, he loosened his grip on Jo’s throat and allowed her to breathe. “That order wasn’t meant for Commission agents, it was meant for us to find,” Rachel said.
And who was Dean to deny such a
“What do you mean?” Cas asked, wincing. “You have to ‘heal’ me?”
“Alright, since no condom, what about knotting? You ever been knotted before?”
“Why would I have a panic—”
“We’re here,” Michael said, breaking the hours upon hours of silence that had fallen between the three Novak’s.
And one last than you to the mods of this challenge for, well, creating this challenge. :)
Jo is in bed.”
“Yeah,” Dean answered, smiling. “What do you want to do first?”
“Hey,” Dean said. Castiel jerked his head back up, blushing a little at being caught. “What are you in for?” He asked. Castiel shrugged, trying to be nonchalant.
“Of course. You know you can ask me anything.”
“Dean,” Cas shot back. Both were silent after that.
Castiel smiled softly. “Alright.”
Dean breathed out, “Well shit.” He turned to Cas, “Stay here, okay?”
looking up at him with hooded eyes flashed behind his eyelids.
“True mate, huh?” he said, and Dean’s brows furrowed in confusion as he nodded.
’s cooed from his students. “Next is my family and friends, then teaching, then my car—a sixty-seven Chevy Impala. Don’t drive it much anymore with four kids, but it’s
“By Dean? Or by anyone?” Meg sat up and leaned forward, “Or perchance... Just not yet?”
“Yes!” Cas wailed. He turned his head into Dean’s to kiss him. But, Dean pulled away. He didn’t give any sort of satisfaction to the man beneath him.
“No, it's not food. I can't cook or bake for the life of me,” he said, smiling. “It’s more of an
Jo shifted her weight and didn’t respond. Castiel stared questioningly at her until it dawned on him. “Oh,” he said, and Rachel looked at him in concern.
“Depends,” Dean said, nipping at Castiel’s pulse point.
“Nothing is as big as you,” Cas whimpered out, “Please?” He turned his face to look at Dean over his shoulder. Smirking, Dean pushed Cas flush against the tiles.
“Meg?” he questioned, and she turned to look at him with a smile.
“What?”
Dean looked into Cas’s eyes, not searching for anything. Just… Looking. “After all I’ve done… I don’t deserve you, but you give me your love anyway. You are truly my angel.”
“Right,” Gabe said, nodding.
“You’ve never what—?” Dean choked on his words as realization bloomed. “Oh!”
Uriel’s eyes narrowed and he nodded curtly saying, “Fine.” He walked back to his office and came back a moment later with the documents Dean and Lisa needed to get Ben back. Lisa snatched them and headed out the door.
Dean jerked back. “Ow!”
“Happy birthday, Cas,” Gilda gave him a quick hug.
“That was the toy I used to prepare myself,” Castiel said.
“I, um… I mean, I’m sorry to bother you so late. I just, I live the next street over a-and I turned eighteen today,” the omega said.
“You’ve only been on my ship for four years, Jo.”
“Alright then,” He said curtly. The brusque tone had Cas flinching, almost imperceptibly; but the corner of Michael's mouth twitched and Cas knew his father saw the effect he had over his son.
Cas nodded his head, although, he sincerely doubted that.
“Hush omega,” Dean said, thrusting slowly into Castiel. He gave a quick pinch to each of Castiel’s nipples and then trailed his hands down to his hips. “This position is better for when I knot you.”
Now, it was just Charlie and Dean in the kitchen at the moment. They were both on the floor, Dean had his back against a cabinet and Charlie was using a needle to stitch up the bite marks.
“Well, Cas, I don’t really know,” Dean admitted. “I thought about this a lot when I was out at sea, and I couldn’t think of an answer. There was just something about you that made me feel like I had to see you again and I needed to protect you…”
Jo cut Dean off with a snort, “Doesn’t matter if you need him to or not, he’s your brother. But he’ll come to his senses. Just as Benny and I did.”
“Yeah,” Cas said. “”And you go about stating your opinions very
and I
“I blame you for all this, you know.”
“Wait!” Cas gasped, “Wait a second, though. Give me a second.” He closed his eyes and sucked in lungfuls of air for a few minutes while Dean smiled and massaged his sides, arms, legs, and stomach. “Green,” Cas finally said.
“Touch them,” he begged, and Dean’s hands slid across his skin until they reached where his wings sat on his back. They shuddered as Dean’s hands dug into the feathers and Castiel could barely breathe because for the first time in his life, someone was seeing
“I mean, you fit my perfect mate down to a T,” Dean said, glancing over at Castiel over his shoulder. “Your birthday even matches.”
“So why don’t we do that?” Alfie sounded hopeful. Cas generally didn’t want to do anything, but he didn’t want to let Alfie down, so he found himself doing a lot of different things with Alfie and going through the motions. From what he could remember of it all, it was all, not surprisingly, tiring.
“I love you, too, Dean,” Cas responded. Dean moved his head to look into Cas’s eyes.
“You came,” she said.
Castiel could feel his eyes itching. “That is still rape,” he said, cursing whatever being that would let this happen—to him, to Dean, to anyone.
He wanted Dean!
“You should have told me—”
Cas smiled, resting his head against Dean’s when he had to stop kissing him to breathe. “I love you, too, Dean,” he whispered, smiling even wider. “I'm so happy you're back.”
“I love you,” Dean gasped against Cas’s lips. Cas screamed as his orgasm crashed through him, making his toes curl and his vision go white. “Fuck, Cas!” Dean grunted, following Cas in release, thrusting shallowly through his high. Cas curled into Dean, mouthing at his neck and whimpering.
Dean, you won’t. Gilda gave me the okay a week ago.
Dean’s eyes flashed and the next thing he knew Dean had flipped them over and was pounding into Cas with no mercy. He was growling into Cas’s ear, “You want to come on my cock?”
“I don’t know,” he said, “We can only see seven other ships, but there’s no telling just how many more there will be once we break horizon.”
“Cas, you don’t have to—”
Castiel surged up and threw his arms around Dean. “Thank you,” he said, and the sound of Dean’s laughter in his ear gave him butterflies again.
red and he darted his eyes up to Dean’s.
in the world, people don’t. Especially omegas. I want to change that by giving omegas and youths a safe haven where they can get a sense of support so they can accomplish their goals and achieve their dreams.“
“You do have an affinity for it,” she said. Castiel smiled wider in thanks and then turned his attention back to his art.
Castiel nodded. “Sure.”
Omega men and women alike, no one was safe. Except for him, to some extent. He knew John would stay away from him because the Prince had his claim on him, but like the woman in the cellar said, Castiel wasn’t sure if John would keep his hands to himself if the occasion arose again.
“Whatever I say,” Dean repeated, clapping his brother on the back.
“Alfie is down below. He’s with Dean at the moment, being shown the ropes and familiarizing himself with everything,” Sam said, frowning as Cas didn’t respond. He let out an anxious breath as he pushed into Dean’s cabin. “Please hear him out. It’s not his fault that he left and was gone for so long.” He plopped Cas down on the bed and began untying the ropes around his wrists first.
“No, look, Cas, I’m sorry but if I wanted advice,” Rachel said, and shook her head like she was disappointed in Castiel. “I wouldn’t ask you.”
“Yeah,” Cas smiled at the three pirates. In the time that Cas was on board, the nights where Dean and him didn’t have sex, they spent around his ship talking with the people who were still up. Most often it was the same group: Charlie, Gilda, Sam, Benny, and sometimes Kevin or Ash. “Thank you for the birthday wishes.”
“I missed you, too,” Cas responded, snaking his arms around Dean’s neck and fisting his hands in Dean’s coat to pull himself closer. “I’m so glad you’re back.”
Castiel didn’t answer, but nodded his head, eyeing the man warily.
Betrayal wasn’t something Castiel was new to, of course, but Rachel betraying him… That was different. She had been the one to find him broken and bloody. She had been the one to nurse him back to health. She’d been the one who stood by him through months of not even being able to leave his bedroom. And she was the one who gave him the idea to start beastie fighting. Rachel was responsible for so much of his life and he gave her so much trust.
“Fuck,” Dean breathed out. “I can’t do this.” He stood up and walked swiftly over to Cas and settled on top of him.
“You ready?” Dean asked, after breaking away from the kiss. Castiel nodded, gripping the sheets beneath him and looking up into Dean’s eyes. “Let me hear you say yes.”
“I really want to taste you, but I have to keep my word,” he said, moving to hover over Castiel’s left nipple. “How could I ignore paying your pretty little tits some attention?”
“Is it good?” Dean asked, pushing back in slowly. Castiel gasped, frantically trying to find something on Dean to hold onto because this was too much in the best way possible.
“You’re right,” Dean said, leaning over and placing a kiss below Cas’s belly button.
“Yes,” he gasped, letting out a pitiful whine as Dean let go and it was just their shafts moving against each other. Dean pinned down Cas’s hips and pushed his own forward and back teasingly. Cas threw his head back and inhaled deeply.
“Cas,” Dean said right back, “Now arms up.” Cas huffed and lifted his arms to let Dean slide the shirt on. Dean situated the shirt and then swept Cas off his feet. “See? That didn’t take so long.”
’s whispered against the other’s mouth, skin pressed against skin, and tears mixing together on their cheeks.
“Why do you have to leave?” Cas whined, his lips forming into a pout. “Why can’t you just make love to me right now?”
He pushed himself out of his chair, looking over at his bed. Lisa and Ben were sleeping under the covers. It wasn’t a normal occurrence. Their room was across in the hall—the one Dean and his crew used to store their most expensive goods. It’d been converted to a cabin for Lisa and Ben not too long ago when Dean had had enough of the Braedens sleeping below deck with the rest of his crew. Dean wanted them to be close, but also to have their own space.
-first time,” Dean chuckled, diving down to grab the backs of Castiel’s thighs so he could haul the omega up into his arms.
Cas smiled and wrapped his legs around Dean’s hips. “I
Castiel looked back up, darting his eyes between Dean's several times. He searched for any hint of a lie, like he had done with Ellen only a week ago, but he found none. He found absolutely nothing that contradicted Dean’s words.
“Cas!” Dean gasped, pulling back to look into Castiel’s eyes. “Are you…?”
“How do you mean?” Cas asked.
“Nope,” Dean said, “We can’t let you go. You’ve been summoned.” He threw the Demon Deal papers down at the man’s feet. “A lot of people paid a lot of gold for you to suffer. Apparently people were tired of getting their entire lives destroyed because of
“I am leaving you... Unsatisfied?” He asked. Castiel nodded and Dean reached for his wine. “Is it because I am always busy?”
“Oh, wow, cool name,” Dean said, and the way he smiled made Castiel weak in the knees. Dean’s face morphed into a look of worry, and Castiel almost cursed because even then he looked handsome as hell. “Whoa, you don’t look so good.”
Jo scowled at him and stomped off. Benny followed a few seconds later, saying a quick bye as he went to his old room. Gabe sighed and laid down on the kitchen table.
“Wait,” Dean said as their hands fell. “Wait, I know you, don’t I?”
“Saving a whole bunch of people doesn’t make up for the bad I’ve done,” Dean said. Cas saw Dean’s face change from a look of self-hatred and hurt to one of guilt and sorrow. Dean turned away from him again.
Castiel growled, turning and grabbing Dean before he flew away.
Castiel had never had people in his life he could consider friends, really. There was Alfie and Adam, of course. But Alfie was more like a parent than a friend, and Adam was his tutor. They were only friends by design. The friendship they had was shallow and Castiel was certain it wouldn’t hold up under any kind of pressure. Now here was Jess saying that not only was she his friend, but so were the other omegas in the room.
“Dean!” Cas wailed, convulsing forward as he came, only being caught by Dean’s arms. He dug his nails into Dean’s abdomen as he was fucked brutally through his orgasm.
Castiel let out a deep breath and began getting ready for bed.
Cas bit his lip as he spoke with hesitancy, “He
“Anon!”
Cas darted his tongue out to wet his lips before he pulled his fingers out of his mouth and dipping his hand back down to gather more precum. “Only I can get this wet for you,” he whispered, pushing his fingers back into Dean’s mouth. Dean sucked on them, moaning softly at the pure taste. He didn't know how Cas managed to always taste so good, but he wasn't going to question it. Or complain about it.
“I, um, I don’t know,” Castiel answered honestly. “She’s our mom and she’s programmed to not let deadly harm come to anyone. Dad talked to me about this at length when Kevin was…”
Dean and Castiel wouldn’t—nor would the entirety of Winchester—send anyone back to an unsafe land, so Castiel and Dean had decided that if this kingdom didn’t align with Winchester and compromise in the reforming of their kingdom, they would have a declaration of war sent to them within the week.
. Maybe he wasn’t as bad as people said after all.
Dean laughed quietly, “No, we’re not. At one point we were, but we realized our feelings are completely platonic.”
“I’m a twink?” Cas asked, furrowing his brows as he thought about what Dean could mean. “What do you mean by that? What about me is a twink?”
“S-sorry! Dean th-this is my sister, Rachel,” he said, barely able to keep still. “U-um, Rachel, this is Dean. He… He’s, uh…”
“So… You’re, what, sixty now?” Jo said.
“You were alright.” Castiel shook his head even though Dean couldn’t see it. “But were you happy? Are you happy now?”
“That is sweet,” Jess said. Castiel smiled at the compliment.
“You don’t know that.”
“You want some?” Benny offered Cas his cup.
“Heya,” Dean greeted, his eyes widened just a bit as he gave Castiel a once over, but before Castiel could call him on it, he shook his head and continued, “I wasn’t sure what kind of meat you liked, so I made one turkey and one ham, and you get to choose which one you want.”
“Son of a bitch,” Dean mumbled to himself again. He was getting to the point of throwing Cas down on a table and taking him right then and there. Public decency be damned. “
“And then they had the nerve to say how it was nice I was allowed to be a pilot. That it was
“What if he never lets you mate him? Never agrees to you claiming him?” Bobby said.
Castel could feel the butterflies wake inside him. “Um, well, for my creative writing class we were supposed to develop an idea in the first few weeks of class so we can work on that throughout the year, and I thought of this idea about a boy who finds out that he’s descended from a long line of shifters,” Castiel said, and Dean’s eyebrows shot up in interest. “And he finds out that he’s not just an orphan, but he’s the rightful heir to the throne of the shifters and that his family was murdered by another shifter family who gained their shifting abilities through black magic. So, he goes on an adventure to reclaim his rightful place, and while he’s doing this, he makes some new friends and finds an omega that he falls in love with.”
