Castiel hadn’t made it that far, and people always wanted to know why. He wasn’t quite ready to share that with Dean yet. Maybe eventually. Maybe if he let himself fall into Dean’s green eyes and a smile that made Cas feel like they were they last men on earth, destined for one another.
Fighting a mad urge to laugh, Castiel instead smiled gently. “No, I’m not. I was going to be. I made it about halfway through seminary before I had what you might call a crisis of faith. But no, I never became a priest.”
After dinner, Dean insisted on handling the dishes, although there weren’t many. He liked to clean as he cooked and Castiel appreciated that about him, since he operated in the same manner. Messes, he told Dean, were not allowed in his house growing up.
“Yeah, the man kept us on a very strict schedule. Had to, since he was always dragging us from one place to another.” He smirked, but it didn’t reach his eyes.
He hadn’t realized that Dean joined him outside until he heard soft grunts and banging around in the backyard. Though thrown for a moment, Castiel resumed his warrior pose, eyes closed, brow relaxing again. Noise, he could work through. One summer there had been a particularly loud descent of woodpeckers fighting with an echo of mockingbirds near his house; combine that with a parliament of screech owls and Castiel had an absolute cacophony surrounding him at all hours of the day and night.
“I’ll let you know if I change my mind, you know, if you try to attack me in the middle of the night,” Castiel deadpanned.
Before Castiel could clarify, Dean said, louder than expected given that it was only the two of them in the room, “I think being here helps.”
“Bisexual, thank you very much. Kali doesn’t usually care who I hit on, as long as I come home to her, but something about my buddy Bart rubbed her the wrong way,” Gabriel clarified, not even hesitating.
Dean likes those nights best of all, when he and Cas can talk and chill out, like they’re friends and not just roommates.
Castiel found himself explaining when he usually wouldn’t have bothered. It wasn’t that he was embarrassed or ashamed that he never finished school and received his Master’s in divinity. That was the original plan, but then his father had passed away and Castiel dropped out a year before he was supposed to graduate. It was just that most people expected that, if you bothered going to seminary, you finished and became a priest or a pastor or a chaplain and that was it. You spent the rest of your life in the church, living above a rectory or in a small house on the hallowed grounds, stayed abstinent, and preached until you died.
“Please let me know if there’s anything you would like from the grocery store or one of the markets around here,” Castiel said, pointing to a collection of flyers plastered to his fridge with magnets that read
And it scared the hell out of him that he was ready to lay down the rest of his life if it meant he could have Dean. Castiel would give up anything for him—his personal space, his bed, his yard, hell, his entire house—if only Dean would stay. Cas would make him breakfast, lunch, and dinner, buy him the good scotch, do whatever it was Dean wanted and needed, if he could keep him.
And Cas only had eyes for him. Dr. Novak, in his pressed blue pants and navy-and-grey sweater vest, caught sight of Dean waiting for him, and Dean had never seen him smile so big.
Dean scrubbed a hand over his face. “You know my favorite diner is up there, man,” he said, squeezing his eyes shut and hoping Sam would buy it.
When he wakes the next morning, the first thing he sees is the tall glass of water on his nightstand, right next to an individual pack of extra-strength Tylenol. Cas must have snuck in before leaving for the day to make sure Dean didn’t die from his own stupidity.
Dean moved closer and now there was no question; he wanted to be there, nearly pressed up against Castiel. He set his tumbler back down and put a hand on Castiel’s waist. He was so close that Cas could practically count his eyelashes, every freckle on his suntanned face, and he could feel Dean’s whiskey-warm breath caressing his mouth. Castiel inhaled as Dean exhaled, the air mingling between them, supercharged with electricity that felt as though it would pop and crackle, sending sparks flying through the air, at any moment.
Castiel snorted. “God hates lawyers, didn’t you know?” And Dean’s resulting hearty laughter was absolutely worth making the terrible joke.
Shifting uncomfortably, Castiel held out his good hand. “It’s not much. This is where I spent most of my time, between here and the kitchen.” He let Dean look around a little longer, though there truly wasn’t much.
Dean takes a deep breath, steeling every ounce of courage, liquid or otherwise, thrumming through his veins, and he gently pulls Cas’s wrists in his hands, removing them from Cas’s face so Dean can look straight at him. He doesn’t let go, holding Cas’s hands steady in his own shaky, sweaty palms.
Castiel wanted to lean down and kiss a stray drop of syrup off Dean’s mouth but he managed to resist—goodness knew how. Upstairs he changed out of his pajamas and robe into a stretchy pair of yoga pants, leaving his own shirt off. Less laundry to do when he got sweaty.
He had never had opportunity to cook for anyone outside his family, and here was Dean with a body that betrayed how much he could stuff in his face.
Sighing, he took off toward the emergency room, hand cradled against his chest, and when he returned several hours later, in the dark, after reassuring the nurses that he definitely had someone to drive him home, the first thing he did was pray forgiveness for lying to them. Fresh cast wrapped around his right hand, Castiel made himself a sandwich and ignored the painkillers as he tried to figure out how best to sleep without causing further discomfort.
reached across the bench seat and grasped Dean’s hand in his, warm and solid, grounding him for a moment. He only let go when Dean finally threw the car in park outside Cas’s building and they got out.
Dean came around to the other side of the table and leaned over Castiel, who stilled in his seat. He tried to remember how to breathe as Dean practically murmured in his ear.
But Dean wishes he had the guts to do something about the way Cas is looking at him like he’s seeing him for the first time, blue eyes roaming up and down over the naked half of Dean’s torso. He wishes he could flirt back, maybe let go of the towel a little so it sinks lower on his hips, maybe stare back as brazenly as Cas is doing. But he’s frozen in place, heating up under Cas’s gaze, and if Cas doesn’t stop looking at him like that he’s going to pop a boner and then Dean’s gonna have to drop out of school and move out of state. Or die. Yeah, dying sounds like a good plan.
Oh, sweet Lord, Castiel was not thinking about stuffing Dean’s face with anything other than food. He wasn’t. He just… crap.
Not wanting to push any further, Castiel nodded, still smiling. “Well, if you can think of anything – whether it’s something to help you or not – even if it’s just something you want, please let me know. I don’t want to be more of a burden than I already am.”
Dean laughed and opened the passenger door for Cas, bowing slightly and ushering him into the car. “I thought you’d never ask.”
“Oh… okay.” Castiel set down his pen and slipped on his shoes, Dean doing the same behind him. They went out into the garden, the late morning air chillier than expected. Castiel pulled his sweater more tightly around his chest and crossed one arm over as he led Dean down the stairs and around the side of the house.
“You need to rest too, man. Your body is rebuilding your bones right now.” Dean gestured toward Castiel’s broken arm hanging uselessly at his side.
“I’m sure you’d rather be doing anything else,” he’d said to Dean, and Dean looked him in the eye and shook his head.
Sam moved to press a hand to Dean’s forehead, but Dean ducked out of the way. “Yeah, ‘m fine, Sammy. I just need a break.”
. Inwardly, Castiel snorted; if Dean knew what truth was in his heart, he’d probably be out the door faster than a speeding bullet.
But no. Like an idiot, he forgot his shopping list and so his only choice was to power on until he made it up and over the other side of the miniature mountain, then turn around at the scenic overpass and come back down. He filled up on gas at a spot just outside of town, on his way back, resignedly returning to his own house.
“Yes, that’s true. I just wanted to catch up with you. I feel like we haven’t seen each other in forever.”
The distraction of not knowing what was happening outside was enough to make him give it up as a bad job later. He watched the top of Dean’s head move past the window every so often, dark blonde lit up by the sun, and he wondered if he shouldn’t go out there and offer the man a hat. Then he wondered what Dean would look like in a hat, and then different types of hats.
“Does this guy seriously only have one mug?” Dean said, holding Castiel’s favorite yellow-and-black striped bumblebee cup a tad too precariously in one hand.
Dean didn’t notice him standing there, and thank goodness for that. Castiel was definitely going to Hell for it but he looked his fill as long as he could.
“You should meet her, you know,” Cas says suddenly around an enormous bite. “You and Charlie would probably get along great. She’s a huge nerd like you.”
Castiel could practically see the wheels turning in the other man’s head and he gave his assent. “Anything you want.” The “as long as you’ll stay” was left unspoken.
It occurred to him, as he and Dean unloaded the truck under a sky full of threatening storm clouds, that he’d never brought it up to Dean either. Not that he had had cause to, but he wondered if Dean would be okay with it, if he knew. The thought struck terror into Castiel’s heart, his chest tightening uncomfortably; if Dean left just because Castiel was gay, he’d be out of a helper and a friend.
They finished their evening in relative silence, Castiel trying and failing to concentrate on rewriting the following week’s sermon. The next one would be about not coveting, and rather than using the Exodus verse regarding the Ten Commandments, Castiel instead had chosen James 4:2-4: “
Later he would return and make excuses for himself, but at the moment he needed to go. Somewhere, anywhere. Far away. As far away from Dean’s naked torso and sweaty, flushed face as Castiel could get before he ran out of gas.
Eventually he forced his drink down and they ate in relatively silence until Dean apologized about halfway through the meal.
They looked at each other for a few awkward moments, but the man’s easy smile never slipped from his face. His dark blonde hair caught the morning sunlight and lit him up from behind, and Castiel took in his tanned skin dusted with freckles, the faded olive green jacket stretched across broad shoulders, and the heavy boots on his feet.
And spent hours talking with him over plates of French fries, where they could never agree on the ketchup placement—
Their Saturday plans to hit the farmer’s market were killed by the storm that finally rent the sky, opening in a downpour at the crack of dawn and refusing to let up all day.
It wasn’t until two years after they’d first met that Dean even started hugging Castiel whenever they’d meet. Dean and Sam had finished up a case over in Lafayette, a giant snapping turtle harassing people around a lake. Nothing ghostly or particularly violent, but they had to haul the reptile on a skateboard across four lanes of traffic to the marine center in the middle of the night. Not a feat Dean wanted to accomplish ever again.
“No, Dean, there’s no one that ‘got away.’ Mick and I genuinely got along better as friends, and the others, well… they just weren’t worth the trouble.” Castiel leaned back, satisfied with his diplomatic answer for Dean’s admittedly nosy questions.
“I’m going to get us a refill,” Castiel said, reluctantly letting go of Dean. He grabbed both their glasses with one hand and tried not to make it obvious that he was in crisis mode as he waited until he reached the kitchen to inhale as deeply as he could, filling his lungs with air for what seemed like the first time all night.
I'm back! I had a lovely trip back east to see my family & friends and while I'm not happy to be stuck with 30-degree F weather, I'm happy to be home. And I'm happy to be able to post again! Thank you for all your wonderful comments & kudos, I love you all so much! Hope everyone who wanted a copy of Misha Collins' new book is enjoying it, and I hope everyone is having a great week <3 :D
Castiel reached across the table, stilling Dean’s hand before he could bring the fork to his mouth. “I’m sorry your father did that. That wasn’t fair to you.”
“That sounds lovely. I’d like that very much,” Castiel said. He hung his good arm out of the passenger window and enjoyed the crisp air as they rode to the store. It had been a while since he wasn’t responsible for driving, and he reveled in it. He imagined him and Dean cruising in Dean’s classic black beauty, roaming just over the speed limit on empty roads that stretched miles and miles ahead, no destination in mind, just driving for the sake of it.
Even though they had had several more probing conversations, the other man still gave little away about himself. Castiel knew he had family members who were either deceased or estranged, though Dean did speak of his younger brother Sam with an enormous grin on his face, and he promised Castiel that when he and Sam had one of their weekly calls, he would let Cas say hi.
“All part of the job,” he said, and he settled for a handshake instead of pulling Cas close for a hug so Dean could find out what he smelled like.
“I do,” Castiel said simply. And it was true, he really did. It was part and parcel of his religious upbringing, and he was named after one of the more minor seraphim—the angel of Thursday, of all things—and all his brothers and sisters were called after angels or biblical figures as well.
Finally Dean answered. “Yeah, I know, you’re not gonna spank me with a ruler like those crazy nuns at Sunday school. I get it.”
Dean clapped him once on his right shoulder and released him. Castiel felt warm where his hands had been.
“Got some time off. No hunts, nothing to worry about for a whole week. I thought I’d come see you.” The
“Sam is—well, you know, I’ve told you a little about him,” Dean said. And he had, in bits and pieces. Castiel couldn’t help but feel Dean’s love for his little brother clear as day whenever he mentioned his genius sibling, who studied law at Stanford and was now well on his way to making partner at some big-name firm over in California.
On his way up the stairs to bed, Castiel poked his head into the den and saw that Dean had not only finished chopping the wood, but he had also replenished Castiel’s fireplace supply in the large rack next to the mantel. Something tugged at Castiel’s heart and he squeezed his eyes shut before going up for the night.
“Yeah, well,” Dean replies, rubbing at the back of his neck sheepishly. He doesn’t elaborate, and they’re off talking about some sport or other showing on one of the many televisions plastered around the bar, and Dean tries not to flush under Cas’s gaze.
And Castiel was off, unable to stop babbling about his plans. He pointed to all the areas that needed a good weeding, some root killer to stop the invasive, annoying shoots from coming back. He stretched his good arm wide and his bad arm as far as it would go explaining to Dean how he wanted it to look, boxes built to house his plants. Lavender, sage, thyme and mint plants so he could have fresh herbs that he couldn’t grow in just a windowsill; geraniums and hollyhocks as his perennial flowers; and poppies and zinnias if he could swing it, bursts of bright reds and purples and pinks all over.
“Sorry, I don’t mean to be nosy. ‘S just, I thought all priests had to wear their garments or whatever all the time.” He wiped the back of his hand across his mouth and leaned back in his chair, tipping it on its back legs.
Everything feels so wonderful, so much better than he ever imagined, and he can’t believe he’s about to—
“Oh hey, Cas. Thought we needed some firewood. It’s supposed to be cold these next couple of nights. You alright?” Dean squinted up at him when Castiel didn’t answer, shielding his eyes against the sun.
Dean thinks three days is a little long to wait for an explanation, and also a little long that it makes it even more awkward, but it’s the first chance he gets to talk to Cas after he walked into their apartment to find Cas practically canoodling with another dude.
His dreams were filled with a dozen shirtless Deans, all running around his house trying to complete menial tasks before a timer went off, and Castiel jolted awake at his alarm. He decided to skip his early morning yoga and meditations and go straight to the store, completing his grocery shop in record time. He managed to get everything put away and to have two plates of eggs, sausage, and toast on the table before he heard Dean coming down the stairs.
“I can come now.” And Castiel closed his laptop and straightened his notebooks and followed Dean outs into the sunshine.
Dean whimpered and Cas groaned, slipping his slick tongue into Dean’s mouth, and they were kissing, really kissing, right there on the sidewalk, where anybody could walk by and see, and Dean didn’t give a single flying fuck about anything except the warm, wet press of Cas’s mouth all over his, over his cheeks and jawline and neck and back to his mouth again.
Dean grinned. “You know, a honey-do list. Or a regular to-do list, if you prefer. I can’t keep cleaning, I’ll rub the laminate right off your countertops.” He rapped his knuckles against them and waited.
Dean happily let himself be ushered into the building, and if they stopped two or three or a dozen times to make out on the staircases as they walked up three flights to Cas’s apartment, well, nobody could tell Dean anything.
It warmed him from the inside out, and even when he felt himself growing tired, his eyes itching with the need to stop focusing so intently on miniscule penmanship inked on translucent sheets of paper, Castiel was reluctant to head up to bed.
He made a note to bring it up to Naomi that maybe they should include an audio recording of some of St. Henry’s offerings.
in their lifetimes. It is an extremely important decision and must not be taken lightly. If you court an angel, it will not be like your previous encounters with humans. This cannot be a ‘one night stand’ or temporary fling. Do you understand?” Cas’s voice was stern, making sure Dean knew what he was saying was vital information.
“There!” Sam declared proudly as the screen finally loaded, however his face fell as he took stock of the location, “Oh no.”
Sam looked hesitant for a moment before saying, “Look I know Dean’s probably acted a bit ’moody’ since the bond. But you’re just going to have to be patient with him. He’s sharing his
“Dean, don’t you see? We are both free of our afflictions,” Castiel said firmly, one last attempt at making him see reason, “I fail to see any negatives.”
“Your soul is what you would expect from the righteous man. It shines with your love for your brother, your compassion for others and your need to help those who cannot help themselves,” Hannah deadpanned.
Dean felt the rest of his excitement disappear. He didn’t like the look Gabriel was giving him, it screamed Trickster.
“Fine, but I’m holding you to that,” Dean agreed, before reluctantly rolling out of bed. He roughly dragged on a fresh pair of boxers and shirt. When he turned around Cas was still sitting on the bed but he was now fully clothed, trenchcoat and all.
The second thing he became aware of was an almost overwhelming tirade of emotions churning around inside his mind. He could tell almost instantly that they didn’t belong to him. It was like feeling them through a veil, he had no connection to these emotions, yet he experienced them as intensely as if they were his own. He struggled to name them all as he sorted through the mess in his mind. Many he was familiar with such as worry, fear, hope, regret, anticipation and, most familiarly, longing. There were also several he hadn’t even come across before.
Dean doubled his efforts with his hand as well, pace matching the ferocity of his counterpart’s kisses. His impatience bled into his fantasy as Cas decided he had been wearing that last piece of clothing too long. He broke the kiss, lips trailing down Dean’s stomach until he reached the waistband of Dean’s boxers. Blue eyes flickering up to connect with Dean’s, he smirked at him teasingly before slowly pulling the fabric down, lavishing each new piece with his tongue, careful to avoid the one place Dean wanted his mouth most.
But he couldn’t deny the facts in front of him. His grace was restored and, he realised as he searched Dean’s aura, Dean no longer carried the Mark of Cain. Only the combined power produced from the bonding of Dean’s soul to his grace could have allowed such miracles.
Sam had apparently left the room while he wasn’t paying attention, because he suddenly returned carrying a pile of old books. He placed them on Dean’s desk before turning towards Hannah and Dean determinedly.
Castiel broke his arm on a Sunday. The Lord’s day, when he shouldn’t have been doing any work, but there wasn’t much to do around his house and land anyway, and he’d already cleaned and said his prayers and looked over his writing for the week. Bored and alone, he took it upon himself to attempt to carry six large pieces of lumber all at once down his stairs and around the porch to the side yard, where he’d planned on building a row of planting boxes for his dream garden. He had the time, he had the money saved up, and now, after tripping over one of his many clay pots, he had an ulna fractured in two places.
Castiel cleared his throat, and Dean pointed to the list. “Just put some more bacon on there, and we should be good to go. I can hit the liquor store and restock your bar later.”
It sounded like a promise rather than a threat, and Castiel found he liked it a little too much. He had to remind himself, when he worked alone a little while later when Dean went off to wander the admittedly large grounds of his property, that men like Dean could be dangerous. Not only for the potential issues Dean had, whatever leftover trauma he had experienced that might still affect him, either daily or at random, but also for the way he had already charmed his way into Castiel’s life. That smile, that face—Dean could lead Castiel down a very risky path.
They drove in silence to Cas’s apartment, and Dean realized belatedly that he had never seen it. His brain worked overtime, questions passing through his mind like, what if he had misread the situation? Cas kept to himself on the ride over, nodding along to Dean’s music and looking completely at ease. What if Dean was wrong about Cas clearly wanting to do something vaguely dirty with him and Cas threw him out angrily, never speaking to him again?
Castiel took his time picking up seeds and bushlings, wanting to expand on what he’d already managed to plant and wanting to see what kind of wonderful maze Dean would create with greenery in the yard. He rolled the cart down the aisle, stopping every few yards to ponder over different cold-weather vegetables and debating over perennials versus annuals. In the meantime, Dean loaded up a dolly with more lumber, some planks and sheets of wood that Castiel had no idea how he would use. But he couldn’t wait to find out. He daydreamed as he walked up and down all the gardening aisles, stopping every few feet so Dean could toss in a tool or three, imagining a luscious wonderland of plants and homegrown food and honeybees everywhere.
He clenched and unclenched his jaw and tried again. “I’m always happy to be considered for any of the church programs, and I appreciate you coming all the way out here. It’s not an easy drive from town. But really, I don’t think I need a, a helpmate.”
“Mind if I go take a nap first? This week had me beat. And I’ve got more work to do when it finally stops thundering out there,” Dean said, waiting for an answer like he was asking for permission.
Dean straightened up, and Castiel could’ve sworn there was a faint flush on his cheeks. He blinked and it seemed to fade, or maybe it was never there in the first place, and he turned back to his computer, about to pop an earphone back in, when Dean cleared his throat softly.
Castiel threw his pen at Dean, who deftly caught it with one hand, sipping his drink and smirking around the rim of the glass. It took the remains of the day’s strength not to throw himself at Dean, but Castiel realized they were finally getting somewhere on their way toward a real friendship.
Not all day, not long enough to be a pain in the ass to the waitresses who would sigh at other customers who camped out for too long, knowing that there would be only a meager tip, if there was one at all, waiting for them whenever the solitary man with his laptop closed it for the night. No, Dean only liked to relax in the cracked fake leather booths for two or three hours at the most. Liked to sip at the coffee, always with a slightly burnt taste, with cream and probably too much sugar added. Liked to watch the pretty waitresses flirt with other customers, and liked to flirt back when they caught sight of his own friendly smile.
“Why else would she have given you a basket case like me to work with? She must think you’re somethin’ special if she wanted to partner us up for her little program.”
“Nice,” Castiel repeated, the word sticking in his throat like a lozenge he’d accidentally swallowed.
The man stuck out his right hand, then switched when he noticed the white cast around Castiel’s arm.
It was a personal struggle of his. Not the jealousy part; Castiel had never been a particularly envious or covetous man. After all, he was content to live deep in the woods with no one to bother him, to exist simply, enjoying basic pleasures that he gave thanks for. But he had felt, throughout his life, that others were rewarded unjustly and why did bad things have to happen to him? Why did he have to break his arm when all he was trying to do was build something beautiful on God’s earth?
Castiel gathered his papers to his chest, bringing his notebook and laptop with him, and headed for the living room instead.
He wanted to know this man, inside and out, because he couldn’t imagine leaving any stone unturned when it came to Dean.
Dean leaned over Castiel’s shoulder and watched as Cas scrolled down on the website where the sermons were offered in neat little audio clips for those who couldn’t attend masses.
He leans in, grinning like he’s glad for the opportunity to finally be alone, just the two of them, and Dean mirrors it, thinking Gabriel is going to say some outlandish thing about how attractive one of the barbacks is, but he’s totally gobsmacked when, instead, Gabriel confesses, “You know he likes you, right? Cassie can’t shut the hell up about you, and I see why, I mean, don’t get me wrong, if I were single, I’d be all over it.”
Castiel backed up, ass meeting countertop edge, and he felt a little claustrophobic, like Dean was crowding him in the corner of the kitchen. He was hot all over, his skin tingling under his clothes, and he was sure his face was bright red, as bright as the twinkle in Dean’s eyes right then, sparkling and wide open, as though Castiel could dive into the reflective pools of jade.
Maybe all Castiel had ever wanted was company. A friend. Yes, he and Dean could be friends. Friends and that was all, at least for the time being.
But Dean Winchester noises were much more overwhelming, Castiel thought. Try as he might to focus on his meditation, he found himself straining to hear whatever it was Dean was doing in the yard, interrupting his meditation and letting his mind wander.
Castiel scowled down at the slice of bread he was slathering with mayonnaise as he tore clean through it. He tossed it in the trash, wincing and apologizing inwardly for wasting food, and grabbed another piece out of the bag.
But he couldn’t help noticing the way Dean’s mouth dropped open once they got inside and their eyes adjusted to the light, or lack thereof, in Castiel’s living room. “Woah,” he said, eyes darting from one spot to another.
Dean no longer worked shirtless, which helped Castiel’s ongoing internal crisis and now-permanent blush, but that didn’t stop Castiel from thinking about the sweat pouring from Dean’s brow, making his shirt stick to his back, outlining all his muscles, taut and ropy as they moved under his skin.
Dean squinted at him, wondering how much shit his brother would actually give him if he knew he half-considered leaving him in Nowhere, OK, just to get to Cas that much faster.
Since breaking his arm, Castiel refrained from the more complicated poses. He couldn’t safely complete a plow or a shoulder stand, nor, unfortunately, a downward dog, a swan or a table. Even some of the more basic ones like a cobra pose or cat pose gave him trouble, so he stuck to the very basics: lotus and forward fold and tree poses, mostly. He liked to take his time, running through his routine several times, so that by the end of his morning meditation hour he’d done at least forty-five minutes of yoga, a half-hour meditation, and prayers to start his day. Now, with his yoga time cut in half, he focused instead on clearing his mind (especially of his troublesome thoughts of a certain man in his house) and praying.
Dean nimbly navigated them into a parking space, and they walked through the streets. As if by magic, their hands found each other, and Castiel enjoyed the way Dean kept stroking the back of his hand with his thumb, as if to signal to the others that Castiel belonged to him, while at the same time shielding him from the outside world.
No warnings. It's fluff. :) I suggest listening to the songs mentioned during the scavenger hunt. :)
He thought about Angel who had comforted him on multiple occasions and understood him without words, then he thought about Cas who had seen his pain and looked right under his surface. Who had accepted him and with whom he had felt so liberated, carefree and happy - when everything around him had turned to shit.
In fact, they had taken so many photos Hannah had made an album for him for his birthday. She had written down little comments, had attached their tickets, some colorful decorations she must have bought. It was one of his most precious possessions and yet he hadn’t looked at it for several years. He winced before he decided to tell Dean more. Dean was always open about his memories from childhood and adulthood, even today he had told him several anecdotes. Good and bad ones. He figured he genuinely wanted to return the favor.
The moment the demon had decided to kill him, Dean had woken up. Tears running down his face, he had needed a few minutes to convince himself that his Cas, the real Cas, was still alive.
“Oh. Sorry.” Dean would’ve liked to slap himself. He shouldn’t have suggested that. He really did have a knack for somehow ruining even the happy moments. He attracted trouble, that much was still certain.
Sam eyed him strangely when Dean could no longer sit still. Every few seconds he would get up from the chair, move to the next chair, settle down. Then he walked through the hallways and rooms again, stopping in the middle of the room.
Dean froze, immediately backing away from him. He observed Castiel’s face with a mixture between hurt and anger.
He was shaking. "You... you read the book earlier. I’ve never read it, only watched the movie with Keira Knightley. She was pretty there. I... I watched it at 3 am on a Friday. It was a rerun, I dunno. At first, I wanted to turn it off because it was so strange, and they always danced and talked and everyone had a stick in their ass.“ He made a sound of disgust until he hurriedly started talking again.
“Yes.” Cas drew in a sharp breath. “Yes, I remembered many unpleasant things from the past in the last few hours.”
When they arrived at the hotel, it was already late. Almost midnight. Nevertheless, they were both in a state of almost goofy excitement, which was certainly related to the coffee they had bought at the gas station, and also stemmed from their time together. Castiel was so happy, so liberated, that his entire body was composed only of feelings of happiness.
She held out her hand and smiled at him. Her expression was so serious he felt like he was at a political reception or a movie premiere as the person of interest. “Hello.”
"Yeah. I know that. Thanks. Otherwise I wouldn’t have told you. Anyway. I didn’t just tell you this for selfish reasons. I mean, yeah, I wanted you to know, so you would understand me better.“
Dean laughed lustily and shook his head before becoming serious again. "Yeah,“ he murmured as he cupped his face with his hands. "Of course I show you.“
Castiel? His full name was Castiel. Why the hell had Dean never thought about the fact that Cas wasn’t his full name since their encounter at the club? Was he completely stupid? And why was that the only thing his brain wanted to and could think about right now? What was much more interesting was that Cas was genuinely interested in deepening their friendship. That was pretty damn good.
"I can see the park from my balcony. I was thinking about taking a walk at night when I saw you there from a distance. The park is not far from here, only a few meters, actually.“
After three hunts all over the country he felt exhausted. Yawning, he sat up in bed and stretched his back. His room really felt like a comfort zone to him, the way he always imagined as a kid. A small smile formed on his lips. He’d never thought there’d be times when he’d prefer a cozy bed with memory foam, sleeping in and doing research in the Men of Letters‘ library over a classic hunt.
One did not know whether to approach and enter or not. Nevertheless, the area was enticing, the prospects of pleasant nights quite promising. Finally, they entered the entrance hall and Castiel’s expectations were exceeded.
"I know the reasons for our physical and emotional contact. Of course. I’ve felt your yearning for years and I heard it in your prayers and dreams. I simply wasn’t sure you knew the nature of your feelings. You never said anything. When I realized I saw you differently, much differently than I see Sam for example, I was scared at first. And later I was desperate because you looked at me the way you do, and we were close, and yet, you didn’t see me this way. Or so I thought.“
In fact, Castiel thought, they were not looking in a different direction at all. In fact, they were still looking at each other, just as spellbound, just as consuming and engaging.
Attached were three photos, each of sheets of paper with drawings that quickly turned out to be comic strips. Castiel was struck by the detail he could see, and immediately noticed that it was about him. Depicted was a little angel called "Mr. Adork“.
He giddily left his room, heading to the library after finding Sam’s room empty. His brother was curled up on a pile of books, apparently giving into exhaustion pouring over research like the nerd he was.
He leaned his head on the table wearily, dragging his fingers idly along the condensation that covered his beer bottle.
his blue-grey eyes were still appealing. He was good looking, Dean had to admit, but a part of him couldn’t deny he wasn’t quite what he wanted. Ignoring this, he tried his best to appear interested.
“Yeah, she kinda helped me put this together. I know I’m probably supposed to do it alone but I had no idea where to even start. I wouldn’t have been able to do this without her,” he confessed sheepishly.
Cas’s handprint sat on his shoulder, exactly where it had been almost six years ago, as if it’d never been healed at all. He traced the raised flesh curiously, finding that it didn’t even hurt, instead a small shiver ran up his spine at the touch. Dean imagined he could almost feel Cas’s grace tingling underneath the skin, even though he knew such an idea was impossible. His arm would burn right through, just like poor Pamela’s eyes.
“Not like you care. You abandoned him. Abandoned all of us. Do you even know what kind of shit’s been going down while you’ve been gone!?” Dean growled at Gabriel furiously.
Castiel woke to the uncomfortable support of a couch, his wings aching at the cramped position they’d been haphazardly crushed into under his body weight. As his awareness grew, Castiel quickly recalled the events of the previous day, or so he assumed, it could very well have been longer for all he knew. He never could properly keep track of time after falling unconscious and had unfortunately been making quite a bad habit of it recently. But how much time had passed was of little concern to Castiel at that moment, all he cared about was one thing.
“I’ve decided we’re going to spend the day together!” she announced enthusiastically, “While you were dying I realised we barely had
he’d felt Dean’s presence, begging him to wake up and conveying worried emotions through the bond, while he slept. Clearly it must have been his imagination, his mind providing him the comfort he craved. Of course Dean wasn’t here, Castiel thought grimly, he was likely still avoiding him after what had happened between them the other night.
Castiel gaped at him, completely unable to form even a coherent thought after hearing his confession.
He stood uncertainly in the doorway, as if unsure if he was welcome. Dean, cheeks swollen with pancakes, almost choked in an attempt at swallowing the contents of his mouth all at once.
“Ok, I’ll take him to my room. The bed will be more comfortable than this armchair, that’s for sure,” Dean replied with forced nonchalance before gently picking up Cas, just as Hannah had done before. Cas was heavier than he expected and he struggled momentarily before steadying himself. Dean tried not to let it show in front of Hannah. It didn’t matter if she was an angel, he refused to admit that a girl was stronger than him.
Gabriel looked delighted, “Bingo! It has to be because of her, nothing else makes sense. The best part is Cas is completely and utterly miserable over it. Isn’t this perfect?”
He hastily added, “I mean, of course she’ll still be my Baby and yeah she’d be mine. But she can be yours as well, you can drive her whenever you want.”
Sam couldn’t deny he’d thought about it. Way too often he’d had to remind them of his presence when they’d stare at each other for way longer than was strictly platonic. And sure, there’d been a few times over the years he’d caught Dean checking out another man when he thought his brother wasn’t looking. But it wasn’t Sam’s business to pry into his brother’s personal life, if Dean wanted to keep his sexuality to himself then that was up to him.
A sudden loud knocking on the bunker door broke the silence and all three of them startled at the sound.
“I know, I know. It was a stupid plan,” Gabriel admitted, his heart clenching. He knew Sam would be mad when he found out but he hadn’t prepared himself for the actual confrontation.
siblings. No wonder Dean fell for her, she was practically female Cas. She was obviously the “safe” option for Dean’s internalised homophobia. Although Charlie had to admit, Hannah had a pretty attractive vessel. Unfortunately she couldn’t focus on checking her out with that intense gaze trained on her.
causing Cas pain even now, throwing around harsh words carelessly. Dean was glad he hadn’t looked up to see Cas’s face before he left, there’s no way he’d have gone through with it if he had. Seeing the broken, disappointed look in those big blue eyes would have stopped Dean in his tracks. Even thinking about it made Dean want to turn around, drive back to the bunker, so that he could beg Cas’s forgiveness. Dean wanted to wipe that terrible look off his face with apologetic words whispered in his ear, he wanted to kiss it off him.
. He had no chance. Once Dean pursued her, it would be forever. He would be cursed to love Dean unrequited for the rest of his life. He couldn’t even imagine accepting the love of another, even if another angel were to court him. Though it was unlikely, no angel had ever attempted to court him before. He was a soldier first and foremost, love had never even crossed his mind.
“Hey Cas, how are you feeling? You really saved my ass in that warehouse, seriously without you I’d be a goner,” Dean thanked him. Castiel pushed past his surprise to find a suitable reply.
Sam idly spun the quill between his forefingers, marvelling at how it shimmered in the shifting light. It was shockingly beautiful, he wondered if he should even risk damaging it by actually using it for its intended purpose. It just seemed so delicate, yet he had to admit it felt surprisingly sturdy in his hands. It was simultaneously the softest and toughest feather he’d ever touched.
Dean tried to hold back the grin that desperately wanted to spread across his face. Cas was going to be here indefinitely! He’d get to wake up every day knowing his angel was somewhere in this very bunker.
“Yes, after this all the angels in Heaven will be paired with a human,” Hannah assured him from behind her desk at Heaven’s main office.
looking. They’d always just found their hunts on the web or in the newspaper. It’s not like he could just go knocking door to door asking if anyone had a ghost problem. But he couldn’t just give up, not after making such a big deal about it to Sam. If he came back now it’d be like admitting that his brother was right and there was no way he was doing that.
“Oh that’s just a hangover, sweetie. Come on, I’ll go cook us up something greasy,” Charlie promised, pulling the angel with her off the couch.
Dean was silent as Cas studied him curiously, trying not to let too many of his emotions spill into the bond. His attempts were futile, however, since he didn’t even know how the bond worked in the first place. Dean knew they were staring at each other again but he couldn’t draw his eyes away, ‘eye sex’ complaints be damned.
The culmination of their life forces rapidly mingled along their arms and spread throughout their whole bodies, until they were one being. Hannah was suddenly hit by a wave of emotions she had never experienced before; anxiousness, trepidation, excitement, determination and admiration were among the few she was able to put a name to thanks to Charlie’s knowledge. There were no feelings or thoughts hidden between them in this moment. As she stared into the girl’s striking green eyes, Hannah knew without a doubt that they both knew how they felt for one another.
the kind of thoughts that forced Dean to keep driving. They were the last proof he needed to know he’d finally fallen off that cliff he’d been toeing for years. He could now let himself analyse his feelings for Cas for what they truly were and knew they weren’t exactly platonic. Somewhere along the line Cas had become more than just an ally, more than just the best friend he’d ever had. Dean
“Long story, I’ll explain in the morning. I’m a bit preoccupied right now,” Charlie beamed, gesturing to the giggling brunette beside her. Hannah was almost unrecognisable from the impression he’d had of the uptight angel. In fact, Sam wondered how an angel had gotten drunk so easily in the first place.
supposed to know it wasn’t true? Plus it made sense at the time because you started suddenly bringing up angel courting stuff right after the bond. What was I supposed to think?” Dean spluttered self-consciously. Dean wondered if Cas could feel his mortification through the bond and then promptly decided he didn’t want to know the answer.
Hannah gaped at them, eyes wide in shock and staring at them in disbelief, before inquiring, “Gabriel the Archangel? He’s alive?”
“Cas got his grace stolen so he had to take another angel’s grace, but now it’s killing him,” Sam explained hurriedly.
, let’s go to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Orlando. I’ve always wanted to go there!” Charlie squealed excitedly.
“Dean, stop!” Castiel shouted firmly, pushing the hunter from him until they were no longer touching. Dean looked at him startled, blinking up at Castiel in shock and distress. Then Dean suddenly looked horrified with himself.
like it ‘strengthened the bond’ or whatever.” Hannah studied the mark curiously, sensing the unmistakable hum of grace vibrating below the surface.
talk about it, but Dean sure as hell wasn’t going to be the one to bring it up. He was more than happy to prolong the inevitable and enjoy his friendship with Cas while it still lasted, thank you very much.
He didn’t need much convincing before he found himself claiming the other side of the bed. He could just lie here while Cas healed, Dean told himself, there was nothing weird about a friend laying next to his buddy while he slept. Dean leaned back against the head board, trying to ignore the urge to get even closer. Wait, why
Seeing Cas after the dream had been both an astounding relief and an unwelcome reminder. To see Cas, alive and well so soon after his false demise, diminished all Dean’s lingering doubts about his safety. But his presence also brought the dream’s beginning to the forefronts of Dean’s mind, bringing with it different kinds of doubts.
“So do you mind if we keep the nest? I know you said we’re supposed to disassemble it afterwards but this bed was pretty damn expensive and I’m pretty attached to it already,” Dean teased.
As Castiel drifted into consciousness, he was first aware of an irritating ache along his back and wings. Instead of sitting in a comfortable resting position, they had strained to their full length, which left his muscles stretched and sore. Quickly rectifying this, he almost sighed in relief as the new position allowed his tense muscles to finally relax.
“Sam, I believe Hannah should be arriving shor- Oh. Hello Dean,” Cas froze when he spotted Dean, eyes going wide for a moment before dropping to the ground.
“Come on, Cas let’s get out of here. You can just mojo us some breakfast in bed instead. I don’t want to share pancakes with a traitor,” Dean huffed, dragging the angel with him out of the room.
“Okay, so Hannah brought you here when it looked like your grace was gonna burn out for good. So Sam and I hit the books, you know? See if the Men of Letters had anything that could help. When that turned out to be a bust, I didn’t know what to do. But then Sam suggested we summon Gabriel-” Dean cautiously began his explanation.
“Cas, are you okay?” Sam asked anxiously. They’d been searching the area for clues for over an hour now and he could tell his condition was deteriorating. The distance from Dean’s soul was taking its toll, but the angel refused to rest.
It was foolish of him to think they’d ever have any kind of ‘honeymoon period’. Cas was a very busy man,
“Well I’ll admit the concept of declaring our love in God’s name sounds very appealing to me. You’ve already made it clear that you accept the idea of a marital union between us and our courtship means we have already committed to each other as mates for eternity. I don’t see why we shouldn’t make it official with a human ceremony as well,” Cas confessed. Dean felt his heart race as his mind made sense of what Cas was suggesting. Dean turned around in Cas’s arms so that he could stare wide-eyed at the angel.
But Dean chuckled again, and Castiel liked the sound of the throaty laugh so much that he almost hated himself for trying to dismiss the other man. Almost.
It’s bad enough that Cas gets dressed up and puts on his nicest cologne and goes on dates with pretty girls that probably make him laugh and can keep up with his nerdy conversations about ancient religions and poetry and whatever else he talks to them about. Bad enough that Dean can’t even work up the courage to tell Cas he likes him, never mind ask him on a real date.
Dean got up and crossed the tiny kitchen, pulling his robe tighter around his waist and Castiel inhaled sharply at how close he suddenly was. Dean put his hands on Castiel’s shoulders and looked at him, green eyes searching Castiel’s face, and he knew he was flushing bright red under the other man’s gaze.
Some time went by before they could meet up again, and Dean hated every month that passed without getting to look at Cas’s tired but pleased face as he talked about his students or as he babbled on about some lore. He wanted to look at those blue, blue eyes that held his gaze as Cas questioned him about his recent hunts, as Cas frowned and gasped in horror when Dean told him about near misses and injuries he’d sustained recently. He wanted to kiss away the wrinkle in Cas’s forehead, tell him he was alright, that nothing bad would happen to him, that he was right there. Dean wanted to be there for him.
He stumbles back into the kitchen to take his shoes off and he throws them a little too hard near the door, boots slamming heavily on the tile.
Dean hovers in the doorway for a minute more before crossing over to Cas. He tries not to think about the sudden stabbing pain he feels somewhere around his diaphragm. Managing to finish buttoning Cas into his shirt, like he’s a small child or something, Dean retreats before he catches another whiff of the cologne Cas is wearing. For Soraya. For his date. With her.
Dean, at least, had the good grace to look thoroughly ashamed. Flushed and a little sweaty, he kept his eyes on the ground and shuffled around, toeing the dirt with his boot.
Cas seems to let go of a long-held breath. “I had a good time too. Thanks for coming out with us, Dean. Did… did Gabriel say anything to you? He can be a little much sometimes and I would hate for him to have made an awkward comment. Or seven.”
And if he spends the rest of the night grinning like a dumbass, because not only is Cas not fucking his cousin—which is great on multiple counts, Dean thinks—but he openly checked Dean out, and Dean is not about to let that one go. Nobody needs to know, though, not just yet.
,” Dean declared. This was at least a topic he was passionate about. He’d suffered enough prejudice growing up with a homophobic father, he wasn’t going to accept any more bigoted bullshit
This seemed to placate Dean as he glanced back towards Hannah, who oddly enough gave Dean a “thumbs up” sign, before she burst into a fit of hysterical giggles that Castiel blamed on the alcohol.
Before Dean knew it, he found himself at a bar. It was the usual routine for drowning away his sorrow. He’d drink himself stupid and then maybe find a nice warm body to distract him from his worries for a while. There was a sickening coil in his stomach when he thought about sleeping with someone who wasn’t Cas, but he determinedly ignored it. He knew he couldn’t have Cas, so why shouldn’t he have someone else?
Charlie had a date, and he really didn’t want to take that away from her. Still, Dean felt lost, needed someone to talk this through. Instead, he had taken Baby and driven to a spot by the river where nobody really went to.
"You think they even have enough self-constraint to go somewhere private? Or are they gonna suck each other in the alley near the dumpsters?“
“Oh, I know it’s about a woman, no wait, a guy. And believe me, I’m going to call you penetratingly in the next few days, and if need be, I’m going to be at your doorstep until you tell me which guy has turned your fucking head like that.“
"HOW can you say this after everything? You’re pushing me away again because you’re afraid. You’re scared because you never felt this vulnerable. But emotions don’t work this way.“ Cas let out a frustrated groan.
Benny gave him a punishing look, and Dean knew he was overreacting. The evening was supposed to distract him from his anger at himself and bad decisions, but instead he was thinking about that very thing again.
Armed with fresh clothes and an extra blanket, he went to bed. He pulled the blanket up to his nose and tried to make himself as comfortable as possible in his bedroom. Every time he was about to fall asleep, something would startle him again. It was unbearable!
“That depends,“ Dean awkwardly evaded her. With his paint roller, he chaotically moved his arms and painted messy patterns on the tarpaulin.
In the background played the song "Angel" by John Hiatt. Since Angel’s scavenger hunt with the message in the bottle he had started listening to John Hiatt quite a lot. This song really was an earworm, he noticed. And the lyrics were quite spectacular in terms of imagery. The song addressed a woman which was called angel by everyone in the past, but didn’t always get appreciated for her imperfections, for her personality the way she had deserved it. Overall, she had experienced many disappointments in her life although she always wished for something different. For a person to value her as much as an angel.
Thinking about how they had unceremoniously moved his beloved tools out into the street to have more room for their chairs and papers, he had to laugh.
And my mind is always producing too many thoughts anyway, that’s my nature. My special brain, yeah, all right. And then I feel like my head is gonna explode. Because I started all this. I’m responsible. I’m the reason my family is the way it is today. And I just can’t, I can’t think about that because I might break down and wake up in a facility.“ He had mumbled all of this so quickly that Castiel had leaned closer, so he would fully understand him.
He had no freaking clue as how tell Cas how great he made him feel. He tried, but he knew it wasn’t enough – as yet. Cas still had no idea how much he actually felt. Dean wanted to change that, but honestly, he was a snail in that department.
Although Cas had already told him so much about himself, some parts of his life remained a mystery to him. Boston was like a red rag. Dean knew how much homophobia Cas had faced here. From his parents, from his old job. Probably from many more people around him. He had come out of the closet, breaking up his relationship. He knew all that. Dean followed his gaze. Cas was staring at a man. A very good-looking man. It was completely irrational, but Dean immediately felt the stab of jealousy. Who was this guy?
Dean had grown up with a man who had reminded him of his so-called sins every single day and who despised him for this true self. He had suffered under this man almost his entire life, only to meet a man who reminded him of his talents and qualities and special character traits. A man who valued him for this true identity, for the person who he was deep inside. A man who considered him beautiful.
"I sent Hannah my first novel and wrote her a letter,“ Castiel continued, not knowing how else to explain his conflicting feelings.
The great effort his interlocutor had evidently put into the little messages had stirred something in him. Castiel hated having to come to RambleOn’s defense at all. There was no reason to. RambleOnIm67 was a wonderful person.
"Is that so? Well, if you weren’t talking at me all the time, I wouldn’t have to talk at all. How about this?“
"You’re the most adorable being in existence, that’s for sure.“ He smiled at Cas, telling him to wait for his signal.
Getting more nervous by the second, he did what he always did when he was driving and thinking too much: he drummed on the steering wheel and tapped his left foot in the footwell whenever he wasn’t using the clutch pedal.
He was afraid, so afraid that he had destroyed something between them. Suddenly doubting himself again, thinking that maybe he wasn’t good enough for Cas. How could he be? No, it had to be something else. Cas had been happy with him, he had told and conveyed that to him over and over again. So what was going on? When they stopped, Dean sighed. He sighed again. They stepped outside and went to the church in silence. Then he looked to the side, touched Cas gently on the shoulder.
Dean seemed to be nervous because he avoided eye-contact right now. Although he was so confident and flirty the entire time, Castiel had to remind himself that Dean had never been in a relationship with a man. From what he had learned Dean had only experienced several short-lived encounters with men, which had been more on the physical part. Castiel was astounded at his behavior, feeling warm when he noticed that he had seemingly encouraged Dean enough to make him feel safe.
Dean felt like a little boy at Christmas. No, like a boy experiencing Christmas several times in a row.
Then Dean took a deep breath, pinched the bridge of his nose as if to remember he was in the present right now. He sat down on the end of the bed, too many inches separated them.
The man’s lips curled, and he chuckled. "You’ve been racking your brain for that now? I can think of more useful occupations. Both verbal and horizontal.“
No, he didn’t want Dean to suffer. But he didn’t want Dean to inflict any on him either. His breathing quickened, and Castiel wanted to scream because he hated not being able to control this feeling, this powerlessness.
Apparently, somebody had already turned on the radio since music was audible everywhere. In the living room he met Anna again, who shook her head in amusement. Maybe a little flirting would do him some good, he needed to get his mind off things. Dean poked her lightly in the side, whereupon she flinched briefly, but then actually poked back. Facebook in real life. Terrific.
He searched for his hotel and his only luck was that he knew the area quite well, so he navigated the streets confidently.
He had promptly run into a guy with a tan trench coat, wearing a beautiful leather briefcase over his shoulder. Why was he such an idiot again? On the other hand, Dean had known right away that this day was cursed. What could he say? Something witty that spoke for his intellect.
"Mmm, seriously, how do you do it?“ Dean ran a hand through his hair. "You have that almost innocent expression and way of speaking, your implications are so sexy.“ As before, he really liked that Cas somehow managed to throw him off course. Normally, he was always so composed. Casually, but in a very low voice, he then added, "Very much looking forward to your proposal.“
"You’re peculiar,“ Castiel said, still bewildered, ignoring the involuntary thought of RambleOnIm67. Peculiar. He had written he thought of him when hearing or reading this word.
Castiel tilted his head to the side, squinting his eyes. "Believe me, I’m a little confused right now.“ And it definitely wasn’t because of the alcohol. Sometimes he’d be grateful for a silent observer to give her sage advice now and then. A sort of human guide to situations where only canyons of question marks loomed before him. Presumably it would be a 24/7 job and, due to lack of pay, not desirable for 99 percent of people.
Dean opened the driver’s door and got out. As if in a trance, Castiel did the same and approached Dean, who looked at him with so much warmth that Castiel’s entire existence was turned completely upside down within those few seconds.
In the second documentary, the continents of the earth are shown through breathtaking landscape shots, focusing especially on the different habitats of the animals that live there.
"Dude, either you have kept your daughter from me all these years, or you have gone among the sex offenders. Since I don’t joke about either, I’d be very interested in an explanation.“ Sammy’s arms were crossed in front of his chest, and Dean rolled his eyes.
Besides, it was really time he got back out among people; he couldn’t just hang out with Charlie, Benny, and Garth, or with Bobby when they’d worked too late again and philosophized about all and sundry over a beer. And even those get-togethers were at a minimum right now, because he was putting too much on himself, because he couldn’t get rid of that damn sense of responsibility. Yes, he really should be around people.
I did not expect that you would respond so wonderfully and take this little text as an opportunity to write to me every single day.
"Cas, you’re right. I’m an idiot. I’m so, so sorry. I was so scared you’d leave me again, go back to heaven.“
"And I know frontal ones for emergencies.“ Demonstratively, Castiel sent a glance to the other’s groin, then nodded toward his shoes. Defense was ultimately the only response Castiel had internalized and mastered in his sleep.
The world was cruel. Cold. It was constantly threatened by enemies that they would soon have to deal with again.
"Parting is such sweet sorrow that I shall say goodnight till it be morrow." -> from "Romeo and Juliet" by William Shakespeare
And that was why Dean had sometimes put his head under the covers, even in later years on the job, when they had shared a hotel room, to cry for a few minutes. Hidden, silent, to himself.
Was that a trick question? Castiel squinted his eyes, trying to understand what the dean was getting at.
Instead, he felt arms, Castiel’s arms wrapping around his upper body, and Dean sank into the embrace. Still only sensing, hearing, smelling, but feeling so damn much. "Cas,“ he breathed again, pressing himself closer to the angel. "Cas.“ He mumbled his name over and over, repeated it like a mantra, like he sometimes did in his prayers when Cas was gone for such a long time his yearning self could not bear it anymore. "Amazing angel. You’re. Cas. Save- preserving my self,“ he mumbled in a delirium of joy.
Balthazar tended to be too protective of him. As always, Castiel was grateful to him; after all, Balthazar had been the one who had saved him from a mental breakdown back then. The one who had preached to him that he would be grief-stricken if he married Meg.
Cas put a hand on his arm, but Dean immediately shook it off again, sliding away from him a bit, trying in vain to get his trembling under control.
But Dean didn’t hear him, only felt the rush and smelled the blood. He saw Cas‘s face and something stirred inside him, and in the midst of his anger, tears and sweat ran down his cheeks. Hastily, he wiped his face, tasting all his mistakes on his tongue. Salt and iron. He screamed.
Sweetheart. Rambler had never called him this as a real nickname. Of course, he had mentioned he was a sweetheart, but being directly addressed like that felt different. Castiel’s body tingled. It felt so intimate to him, so extraordinary and pure and bliss-giving.
"Dean,“ Cas whispered hoarsely, and his voice made Dean look up, caused him to watch his face intensely. The familiar features calmed Dean, in a way he had never dared to hope for. A question was written all over Cas’s face, something he didn’t say out loud. What was it?
Dean missed Cas. So much. He had vanished just a few hours ago, and Dean felt terrible. He was scared, still didn’t know what to make of Cas‘ sudden disappearance. Had Dean driven him away? He’d always expected it, he’d always feared he would say something, eventually, to chase Cas away. Had he said something to upset him? His tension manifested stronger than in any hunt he had ever done.
Dean sighed with relief. “Okay, that’s awesome, I guess.“ Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “Um, it would be nice to talk again, though. Whaddaya think?“
Now Dean fell into a booming laugh. "Way to go with the quoting. Am proud of ya.“ Dean grinned. "All right. Let’s say if we haven’t lost track of each other by December 19, we take a little trip.“
Shaking his head, Castiel continued walking. Lost in thought as he was, he didn’t even notice that he had walked to the coffee shop, of all places. Not good. A quick glance in the shop window told him that the lady who was convinced he wasn’t gay, but just had a fetish, wasn’t there.
Oh no, dad wouldn’t know what Dean was up to, that he was screwed. Moreover, dad wouldn’t harm him or his Angel, definitely not. The situation with Sam couldn’t be as easily resolved since dad and him would still be in the same room to support Sam – unfortunately. But the rest, that was his world.
"I know. You just wanted me to understand that real encounters stimulate the mind. It’s all right, my friend,“ Castiel finally replied. He stroked his arms thoughtfully and leaned back in the water. At least his headache had gone away by now.
"Same goes the other way around. It’s-  I can’t help it anyway. You know you’re my happiness, right?“
God, he needed this book, he knew he would lose himself in there. He realized he was trembling with joy since he really enjoyed Cas reading the second part. His gravelly voice which sounded more velvety today transported each word with so much emotion and sincerity that Dean felt goosebumps all over his body.
Right now he felt free, enjoyed the cool breeze on his face and watched nature around him with fascination.
One morning, Castiel was so desperate and confused he sought out Sam for advice. At first, Sam eyed him strangely when Castiel asked him how to find out if someone liked him. Immediately, Sam asked, "So have you met someone special recently?“ whereupon Castiel frowned and shook his head urgently.
Next to the hotel, a tree towered above, as if it were trying to touch the clouds with its crown. From the outside, the hotel building itself was reminiscent of the home of a distinguished aristocratic family, with its ornate curved arches at nearly every window and which could be made out as entrances from time to time.
"You’re fucking unbelievable,“ Dean mumbled while grinning against his lips. Castiel didn’t know whether Dean was cursing or complimenting him but at this moment he frankly did not care.
"This really is an adventure." Dean grinned at him and took in his surroundings. "What’s up with the cupboard?“ Dean asked curiously.
After a couple of minutes, Dean finally opened his eyes again, wanting to look at Cas. He needed to see his eyes, needed to tell him something – anything.
Their room was cozy, very bright and possessed a large bathroom and even a balcony. The bed was excessive and practically invited them in. It was perfect.
Boston was not only home to Hannah, rather it was home to many people who had once been very close to Cas or with whom he had fallen out. Because of his sexuality. Dean knew exactly how that felt. How much one could poison one’s own thoughts with self-doubt and the like. Damn. Maybe this was all a bullshit idea. He was such an idiot. Probably, he shouldn’t have projected his feelings to Cas. Just because Cas’s affirmations, his gentle prodding, had helped him so much in Cleveland, for example, when he’d met Sam and done the scavenger hunt, didn’t automatically mean Cas wanted to open up old wounds, too.
"Holy shit. Sorry about that. I- oh man, I didn’t mean to.“ Well, one thing was for certain - that right there hadn’t been it. Dear Lord, please, please, send my brain back, he begged inwardly. The guy didn’t say anything at all, just looked back and forth alternately between his former purchases and Dean, until finally his gaze lingered on him. Dean quickly averted his eyes, not yet knowing what he was going to do.
Hanna pulled the blanket up to the tip of her nose, and Dean only heard her added, muffled, "I got the whole rebellion thing out of a book.“
"Do you want to- are you going to sleep here? Or are you about to hit me over the head with a book and drag my unconscious body behind the garbage cans?“ Castiel smirked. Dean’s humor still appealed to him, maybe. Definitely.
"Cas,“ Dean breathed, his breath fluttering. Sighing, he started the engine, and Cas relaxed again. It was all right. Castiel had anticipated that it would develop this way. Dean had joked about him, had teased him about Nora, but Castiel had also read honest concern in his eyes. Maybe he did care about Castiel after all, or maybe Dean was simply trying to assuage his guilty conscience, trying to make sure Castiel was somehow okay before he vanished again.
Dean thought about Cas, and how they had bought the tree and drunk mulled wine. He thought about the ice skating, dancing and mistletoe. He was in a bad mood. He kept seeing Cas‘ smile in front of him. His honest, open smile that he only gave to the most important people in his life. The special smile he only showed in Dean’s presence. He wanted to talk to him again. He wanted to kiss him again. He just wanted to fall asleep with him.
There was one family, for example, where the parents had great difficulty in keeping their children’s impatience in check, which was expressed by them jumping up and down in the car. After a while, the mother got furious. She exited the car and called her children, who were so happy to get out of the car that they started jumping up and down several more times, continuing their game from before.
This was not him, this was not what he was used to from life. On the contrary. He knew only the difficult paths, the detours, the hurdles and everything that rolled over him like an avalanche or debris in a landslide.
But Balthazar knew him well enough to know when a serious talk was the better choice, and Castiel appreciated that side of him. Contrary to his ironic and occasionally cutting comments, Balthazar distinguished himself above all by levelheadedness and impenetrable honesty.
"I had many things in mind, the keys for example. In the end, I figured there was only one thing I could give you. Only one thing that matters.“ As Cas looked at him, absorbing every word he said with so much sincerity and love, Dean gulped.
Not far from him, he saw a young family spread out a picnic blanket on the ground. The two children were playing, fighting with their rubber animals, plastic soldiers and action figures, constructing particularly detailed battlefields.
Quickly, Dean let Cas slip down to the ground again. With some wooden ornaments they put the finishing touches on the tree. They examined their work with a distance to get the full picture. Dean placed one arm around Sam’s shoulder and clasped Cas‘ waist with the other one.
He wished to meet someone who would immediately blow his mind in such a way that he felt as if he were suffering from a virus, only without an actual disease. Hence, this constant freezing and tingling. As it turned out, most people were only interested in his body. As soon as they had fucked Dean once, they moved on. That had little to do with profundity.
During his youth and especially his adulthood he had learned step by step to live with it. With all the ideas his brain developed. With the theories. With the questions that instead of answers only developed new questions. With the questions being sometimes answered only to transform into new, more complex questions once more.
. Can I buy you a coffee to make amends? Oh, and you know what? Here, take this.“ He handed the man 50 dollars and blushed.
In a quiet moment Cas also handed him his surprise of the day: A frigging awesome limited edition of Dr. Sexy, MD with behind the scenes material and deleted scenes, plus the DVD came with Dr. Sexy’s stethoscope. Dean squealed and smooched Cas another time.
With that, he looked meaningfully at Benny, hoping the latter would leave the subject alone. “All right.“
The longer they discussed the subject of religion, the more it stirred in him. In fact, the discussions became so heated and detailed that they had to postpone some topics and themes to later meetings.
Okay. Now that was really something he never expected. Cas didn’t either, the way his mouth was hanging open.
Dean took a deep breath and grabbed Cas by his trench coat. Again, it surprised him that Cas was never startled by his touch or their physical contact in general.
Cas paused, leaning a little closer to him, again not minding any personal space. Dean liked it, yes, right now he longed, no, he ached for this. Hearing Cas’s breath, seeing his eyes so close, the fucking cheekbones and the defined jawline. The lips. Yes, his lips looked fucking sensual, and Dean loved staring at them. So what?
"We went to Nashville because Hannah was so fond of country music at that time. She planned the entire trip and forced me to buy a cowboy hat and boots for our bar nights as she called them. I genuinely enjoyed the city as there is music around every corner. Its streets are vibrating with all kinds of tunes, with people roaming around, chatting and exploring the variety.
Since I was so thrilled about your reactions this morning, I decided to post the next chapter already. I figure you’re okay with that. ;)
Here comes chapter 17. Since the visit is important for Dean's arc, I didn't want to cut the scene short. So you get a longer chapter today. :) There will also be other interactions here. ;)
"I know.“ Dean cleared his throat a few times, and Castiel wondered why Dean suddenly seemed more nervous. A moment ago he had conveyed this absolute calm and levelheadedness; now he seemed as if he couldn’t sit still any longer, as if the car was too cramped for all the thoughts that were rimming him and trying to surface.
“There you go.” Cas patted his shoulder triumphantly, which was rather funny to watch given the stoic demeanor that he usually displayed. At that moment, Dean could well imagine a younger Cas getting into sibling squabbles with Hannah.
Then Dean approached him further, raising his hand as if to touch him, but then lowering it. Tilting his head back, Castiel looked into his eyes, which seemed to pierce him. Dean’s face was only a few inches away. Castiel heard his breathing as loud as his own. He licked his lips, which had become dry, and tried in vain not to be so helpless.
“You’re not exactly my type either. You’re too down to earth and too broody. Such a pining aura, I suppose.“ Anna shrugged and Dean frowned.
Layered in his favorite (slack and worn out) flannel, he sat on the sofa, inspecting his cozy surroundings which were getting even more homey with every day. He loved his little cottage more than anything, and still couldn’t believe that Bobby had just let him have the cottage he had inherited from his wife because, by Bobby’s admission, he already owned a great house. Of course, Dean was aware Bobby also had tried to not think about his wife too much at that point in the past.
He thought about RambleOn who had named "Sun-Kissed" as the work which love story he found most touching. Which was his example to dream for, even if his version was supposed to be much better and happier. It had touched him so much that RambleOn loved his work so much. Castiel hoped he could tell him soon - that he was the author. He wanted to tell him.
"This is new to me, too. Christmas trees and everything,“ he whispered, so Sam couldn’t hear him. "I mean, I know Christmas trees, but I don’t
Great, he found it all reprehensible. What exactly was wrong with his damn family? Or was he the one whose mind was completely damaged?
Castiel laughed quietly, stroking Dean’s leg over and over. "I didn’t take you for a country fan. I mean, we could always visit Nashville one day, and visit those saloons as well,“ Castiel suggested, not sure why Dean had sounded so indignantly.
As Cas was stowing the things, Dean discovered a remnant of his angry outburst from two days ago. The empty vial. And suddenly he had a flash of inspiration, he knew why he had been so bothered by it. He thought of Metatron, of his stupid spell that had caused all the angels to fall. He remembered Cas, who had later recharged his grace.
Change of scene. Sammy, who looked at him coldly and so angrily. Who hated him now. New scene, first scene, last scene. Smoke, smoke over and over again, that took away his breath. More images that choked him. All too much.
in his head. Humming. Breathing. Humming. Breathing. Letting some tears out. Kneading his fingers until they didn’t shake anymore. Yeah, he was okay. His dad wasn’t here. He was strong enough to do this.
And so Dean checked in and strolled around town on foot. In fact, he even went out to eat and treated himself to a good meal. A delicious steak with fries and salad, the dressing of which he could’ve easily drank because it was so tasty.
Dean helped Hannah all the way to the impala, obviously the more sober of the two. Hannah seemed shocked by her own body’s instability, looking adorably confused. Adorably? God keep it in your pants, girl, she’s basically on a date with your brother, Charlie chastised herself.
He realised Dean must be asleep because his emotions were fuzzy and unfocussed, drifting by so breifly he almost couldn’t identify them. The clearest emotion he felt was fear, with grief and remorse as a close second. He frowned, wishing he could will away the negative emotions with a thought.
“Seriously, Dean. You couldn’t even be married one day before cheating on Cas,” his tone was teasing but Dean took his words like a slap to the face. He couldn’t stop the venomous words from tumbling out.
Castiel’s blush quickly returned, “Apologies, my wings usually pass through humans unnoticed. But it appears the bond allows you to perceive them both visually
But Castiel refused to break up Hannah’s relationship with Dean, even if he could convince himself it would be for the wellbeing of Heaven. He would still know deep down that it was a selfish action on his part. Perhaps he could find another angel within Heaven who could fill her position. Although an angel who wanted to
“Alright Hannah, time to go,” Dean cooed, helping pull the swaying angel from her seat. He wrapped her left arm around his neck, securing his right arm around her waist, as she leaned against him heavily. Charlie couldn’t help but notice the flicker of jealousy cross Castiel’s face before he composed himself.
“Right, ‘you don’t understand that reference’. Got it,” Charlie added after catching Cas’s puzzled expression.
“Yeah, I guess. You know, it’s nice to see actually. I was beginning to worry you didn’t know how to smile anymore,” he teased, punching his brother’s shoulder lightheartedly.
Castiel held back a growl at the thought of Dean grooming Hannah’s wings. He’d known this was coming, he’d even been the one to bring up grooming in the first place, but it still stung. A part of him wished he could go back and never tell Dean about it at all. But he knew that was pointless thinking, Dean would likely have found out himself eventually. Especially dating an angel.
A new chapter so soon!? No you're not dreaming this is real. You can thank work for cancelling on me today. Since I had the day free I thought I'd make it count. Enjoy! :)
Dean groaned, rolling reluctantly out of bed, glancing impassively at the clock on his way towards the bathroom. It was nearly noon, at least he’d managed to get about five hours sleep in before his rude awakening. It’s not like he could go back to sleep anyway, not after a dream like that.
me when I accepted it, I thought it was just a quill. Besides, it wasn’t a lovers spat, we’re not like that,” Sam insisted, flushing red.
Castiel chastised himself for such selfish thoughts. He had no right to expect such things from Dean. The human had no way of knowing that the bond could cause such consequences. Masturbation was a normal human practise, he could hardly blame the human for wanting to satisfy his baser urges. Castiel knew all too well the great temptation that sexual desire brought forth. He himself had given into them so easily with April.
“You wound me, Sammy,” Gabriel whined, blatantly ignoring Sam’s request, “and I haven’t even gotten to the good stuff yet.”
Charlie joined Hannah in the back, momentarily panicking at the lack of seatbelts. Goddammit Dean, if I die in a car crash just because you wanted your boyfriend to drive I’m gonna be so pissed, Charlie mentally grumbled. Hannah also seemed concerned by the lack of seatbelts, fumbling around the seat looking confused.
Hannah stared at Sam accusingly, “Are you saying Castiel and I have been trying to make contact with Gabriel all morning, yet you’ve been cavorting with him the
“You’re just no fun,” Gabriel pouted, “It’s not that big a deal. The bond is just an equivalent to Angel Marriage.”
“This isn’t a movie, Gabriel!” Sam snapped, his tone coming out unintentionally harsh as his guilt darkened his temper. But his guilt only worsened as he saw the crushed look that flickered across Gabriel’s face before the archangel’s face turned stony.
“So I, ah, have something I want to show you,” Dean informed him, avoiding his eyes and nervously rubbing the back of his neck.
“Very well, Gabriel you may begin,” Hannah conceded, focusing on the situation at hand. She could hear Charlie’s heartrate speed up and her own vessel’s heart followed suit. She wondered if this was what nervousness felt like.
Hannah tilted her head in a very Cas-like gesture, before pulling her wings back into their resting position taking note of Dean’s gaze following the movement.
“That’s not how a soul works, Dean. Do you feel regret for those actions? Do you feel guilt for the pain you have caused?” Hannah replied coolly.
“Found any jobs nearby? I’ve been couped up here for months, I think it’s time for me to get back out there,” Dean asked, crossing his arms with forced nonchalance.
“A few, however they were hardly notable. Strangers who proclaimed my wings very beautiful and offered me a feather. None who actually cared for me outside of appearance. I declined, obviously.”
P.s. I'm going to admit right now that I stole the pub from How I Met Your Mother for inspiration. I don't go to bars a lot guys, okay xD
“I’m glad you didn’t settle for any of those dicks, you deserve someone awesome,” Dean told her firmly, “and I’m not just saying that cause I’m drunk. You’re actually really cool.”
“Ugh great, more love birds,” Gabriel grumbled. Hannah startled, she had almost forgotten he was there. He watched them with a scowl but Hannah sensed it wasn’t because he condemned their relationship, as many other angels would. Instead he almost seemed jealous of them.
“Hey now. None of that praying business, it’s just rude. Besides, you think I haven’t already angel-proofed the entire building? Your prayers aren’t reaching your little angel, so don’t even try.”
Dean had known all along it was a mistake lying in bed with Cas like that. Self-control was never his strong suit. With each minute that passed, Dean had found it harder and harder to resist touching Cas. It especially didn’t help that Cas’s wings were
“You shouldn’t drink and drive, Dean. The last thing we need is for you to die just after getting your life back,” Sam chastised him.
“I don’t have a soul, Charlie, he bonded with my grace and I fear you’re speaking gibberish again,” Castiel corrected her.
“Believe it or not, I don’t watch them twenty-four seven. In fact, I was already in the middle of taking an extended break before Dean-o decided to leave that morning,” Gabriel told him honestly. What he
“Oh it was tested, alright. You remember the Nephilim? What do you think started all that? Angels don’t just disobey easily, you know,” Gabriel chuckled.
Sighing he took one last look at his beautiful surroundings. He’d come here hoping the view would distract him and, although it hadn’t worked, he was grateful for the sight. There was still much of the world he hadn’t seen, even in his vast lifetime. He’d always been too preoccupied with his mission to sight-see. But it was places like this that reminded him the wonder of God’s creations and left him feeling closer to his Father in the process.
Dean had almost forgotten Cas could read his emotions now. Did that mean he could also read his mind? Did he know what the dream was about? Dean flushed at the thought, remembering the start of the dream. That in itself would have been an unsettling dream, even ignoring the horrific turn of events.
Fortunate for Dean, Hannah has yet to choose a mate so she may be open to Dean’s advances. Honestly, Castiel couldn’t think of even
Goddammit, not even hunting could fix the brewing shitstorm of emotions tearing through Dean. Deep down he knew the only thing that could help would be mending things between him and Cas. But who knows where Cas could be. With his wings fixed he could be anywhere across the world. Dean supposed he’d just have to hope Cas had stayed close enough to his soul that he’d be easier to track down. Once again, determined by a new mission Dean made his way towards the Impala. He was going to find Cas, he’d definitely make things right.
Her words didn’t ease his worries but Dean was forced to admit he might be overreacting. He internally agreed to go through with their plans and if Cas was still missing when they returned then he could rationally be concerned.
“Unfortunately there are no physical wounds to heal, his ailment is entirely grace-related. There is nothing I can do for him,” Hannah admitted remorsefully. Dean appeared to break at the news, collapsing to his knees next to the couch and clutching at the side of Castiel’s coat mournfully.
As Castiel finally reached the door, he paused, unsure of how to continue. Dean was awake, which meant he could no longer hide his arrival. The man would no doubt be annoyed at his invasion of privacy and accuse Castiel of prying. Although, even knowing this, Castiel still wanted to go in. If only just to distract the hunter from the emotions currently plaguing him.
sorry. I should have known it was some angel thing. As soon as I finish eating we’ll head back to the room and spend the whole day in bed, how does that sound?” Dean offered, stroking Cas’s cheek gently. The angel smiled warmly and nodded, his wings rising in enthusiasm. Dean couldn’t help caving into the urge to kiss the angel again, dipping down to lock lips softly. He would never get tired of being able to kiss Cas whenever he wanted from now on.
Dean’s eyes flickered open, catching his gaze and Castiel found himself marvelling at the beautiful shades of green within Dean’s irises not for the first time. Castiel was glad it was the last thing he saw before his vision faded. If this was to be his last sight, then Castiel could die happy.
Sam looked at him wide eyed, obviously startled by his outburst. Dean felt the urge to apologize, knew it would be the right thing to do, but the anger swirling around inside him wouldn’t let him. He wasn’t angry at Sam, or Cas, or even
A spark of defiance unexpectedly flared inside his chest, as if a part of his soul rejected his claim. No, he realised, it wasn’t his soul; it was
Besides even if he decided to finally come out as bisexual, he refused to jeopardise his friendship with Cas over some phony marriage. A marriage that he still wasn’t even sure if Cas would perceive as real or not. Dean couldn’t even ask the guy because he hadn’t woken up yet. Not knowing was the worst part. While he waited for Cas, Dean'd had hours by himself to worry just how his friend would take the news.
“This isn’t funny, Sam. What if he wakes up and hates me? What am I supposed to do? He’s my best friend I can’t lose him because of some stupid mistake,” Dean hissed.
when it came to ganking them? Big deal. It wasn’t the mark, he’d assured his brother. But Sam just wouldn’t believe him. Hence the most boring two months of his life. God, he just needed to hunt something.
“Exactly! Don’t you see? Castiel’s jealousy means he’s aware of his feelings too. He’s not as oblivious as we thought. Hell we could even use this jealousy thing to our advantage,” Gabriel suggested eagerly.
When Sam still refused the plate, Gabriel pouted, “Come on, they’re chocolate chip! I’m just trying to be courteous to my partner in crime.”
His stomach, however, had other ideas. Dean tried not to look too embarrassed as they were interrupted by its growling. Now that he thought about it, he hadn’t actually eaten much yesterday. He’d been way too distracted building their nest (man that still felt weird to say even in his head) to think about food.
“You’re back early,” he noted, switching the safety on and slipping the gun into the waistband of his jeans. Sam nodded at him in greeting before dropping his bags and collapsing in the nearest chair.
“Don’t think I’m not still pissed that you lied to me. This is war now and I have a fully powered angel on my side. Cas and I are going to get you back so bad it’ll make all of our previous prank wars look like child’s play. You hear that Gabriel you son of a bitch, that goes for you too!” Dean yelled towards the ceiling. Honestly he didn’t know whether yelling at someone counted as praying or not, but he decided it was worth a try.
“Look Hannah, whether they like it or not the angels have fallen. Which means they’re going to have to deal with being around humans a lot now. It’s time they stopped looking down on us and started looking at us as equals. Or at least allies. I mean, we all gotta put up with each other on this earth, might as well help each other out,” Dean explained firmly.
Castiel was startled by the sudden declaration but he knew Dean couldn’t mean what he was saying, he was drunk and this car meant the world to him. He wouldn’t give it away, not in his right mind anyway.
He gave a ragged sigh, dragging a hand through his hair and forcing away those kinds of thoughts. He warily returned his gaze to Cas’s sleeping form. Dean had reoccupied the chair by Cas’s bedside ever since his conversation with Sam. Despite Sam’s protests, Dean had refused to sleep. He needed to be there when Cas woke up. He needed to
“Of course, I do. I… I love him,” Dean said firmly after his initial hesitation. It felt wrong that the first time he said the words aloud Cas couldn’t hear him. He wanted Cas to hear him,
“Dean,” he murmured, promptly startled by the sound of his own gravelly voice. Had he said that aloud?
“It was a stronghold for the Men of Letters. Turns out our grandfather was one of them,” Sam explained as he returned the angel lore books to their respective shelves.
Crowley shrugged, “I admit the circumstances have become more… complicated. But I have faith in our abilities, even if you’re human we could do great things together. There’s darkness in you, Dean. It was there
“Actually, yes. I’ve decided that I want Hannah to replace me as Head of Heaven so that I can stay on Earth permanently with Dean.”
“I am sorry, I hope I am not adding to your heartbreak with my own problems,” Castiel expressed guiltily.
“I am glad you are alright, Dean. Please do not hesitate to call me if you are in distress again. I will do my best to help you if I can,” Castiel promised.
Hannah took a startled step back, outwardly reacting to something for the first time since entering Sam’s room.
“Whelp, if you’ll excuse me,” Charlie announced hurrying from the room, throwing Castiel a quick knowing smirk before she disappeared through the door. Castiel didn’t have time to protest as the red head abandoned him, not wanting to be left alone with Dean after such a nice day out. The last thing he needed was to be reminded of his troubles by the confrontation that was no doubt about to occur. Their last encounter together, while both of them were completely conscious at least, had been
Cas’s weight was forgotten, however, when Cas shifted in his arms to snuggle closer against Dean’s chest. Dean tried to hide his glee, internally revelling in their closeness as he continued toward his room. Sadly, the ache in his arms quickly reminded him of Cas’s weight, forcing him to end the experience quicker than he would have liked.
The kitchen was surprisingly empty when they entered, Dean thought for sure Sam would be having breakfast by now. Not that he really minded because it meant they were alone, which was lucky because Cas couldn’t keep his hands to himself. Even as Dean poured pancake batter into the pan, Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist. He watched Dean’s movements curiously with his chin resting on Dean’s shoulder. As if that wasn’t distracting enough, Cas’s wings were also wrapped around him.
Cas wouldn’t. Of course, he wouldn’t blame the angel if he did. Dean deserved this for what he did. Despite his worries, he closed his eyes and prayed firmly.
Dean, oblivious to the epiphany that currently plagued the angel in front of him, continued to talk.
of his worries. In fact, he was surprised he’d even managed to fall asleep in the first place, considering the horrible guilt that had overwhelmed him after Cas left. Exhaustion and lingering intoxication must have finally gotten the better of him. But unfortunately, the sweet ignorance sleep had brought him was over now and he was once again faced with what he’d done last night.
Gabe didn’t appear concerned at all, “Summoning isn’t some instantaneous booty call, you know. Powerful beings have the option to answer or not. The only reason I came last time was cause you caught me off guard. You can’t get me to show up again so easily, especially when I’m expecting it.”
“Woah, woah, woah. Now see here, bucko! I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about. I haven’t been anywhere near those two since your little spat the other day,” Gabriel assured him, holding up his hands in a show of surrender despite the hunter holding no real danger towards him. Sam’s eyes narrowed at him in disbelief, refusing to release his steel tight grip on the archangel.
“Yep!” she announced, proudly pulling down the side of her pants unashamedly to expose the red handprint on her left hip.
feathers lining the nest, those feathers should be Hannah’s. Castiel couldn’t keep the devastation from his face as he looked at the symbol of Dean’s love for another. He couldn’t even
Sam held up his hands in mock surrender so Gabriel continued, “So just when it was getting good Cassie had to be a little saint and push Dean away. He probably thought he was taking advantage of Dean because he was drunk or something similarly stupid. I swear I almost showed myself just to slap some sense into him, but he flew off before I could even really consider it.”
“Anyway, enough about me. This is your therapy session, not mine,” Charlie instantly brightened up, “are you seriously telling me you and Dean bonded souls? That is like the most love trope-iest thing I’ve ever heard. Seriously has Gabriel been reading FanFiction?”
Sam’s grip faltered only marginally as he searched Gabriel’s face for signs of deception. Gabriel stared back into his eyes unwaveringly, he could see in the hunter’s own eyes that he wanted to believe him but he just couldn’t
“Don’t worry, baby, you don’t have to choose just one. We’ve got plenty of time for both if that’s what you want. But I’ll save you the trouble this time and decide which comes first.”
“Ooooh that reminds me, looky what I got!” the redhead piped up, pulling at the chain of a necklace from around her neck. She dragged the chain out from under her shirt, revealing a large blue feather hanging upside down from the end of the necklace. The feather was large enough that a hole had been easily drilled into the bottom part of the feather allowing the chain to loop through. The feather seemed awfully familiar but he couldn’t pinpoint why exactly.
,” came a sigh from behind them. Dean and Cas startled, pulling away from each other slightly but Dean didn’t move far as he realised he was wrapped in Cas’s wings again.
. It had already been far too long since his last job. Now that the Mark of Cain was gone, there was finally nothing stopping him. And if stabbing a few vamps would help him work through his anger? Well that was just an added bonus, Dean told himself firmly.
That unpleasant clenching of his chest started again and Castiel did his best to ignore it. He was happy for them, Castiel assured himself, there was no reason for him to be upset. Hannah was loyal, caring and dedicated. Castiel was also sure that with enough time and guidance, she could begin to understand human emotions and come to appreciate them just as he has. All in all, she was a fine choice for Dean’s affections.
“Well,” Gabriel chimed proudly, “I saw Dean go all Dr Phil with Hannah last night, he even admitted to being in
Castiel tried to think about the way he cared for Sam. He was a true friend and Castiel cared for him very much. But it wasn’t at the same level as he cared for his brother. Dean had always been different. He had once said it was because they “shared a profound bond”, well he now realised just how true that was. Castiel’s love for Dean
“That is promising news. It means his grace still has some consciousness. Now we must wait to see if his grace has the strength to follow your connection. If it can reach your soul through the bond it should be almost as powerful as touching your soul directly. Although the process may take several hours,” Hannah warned.
Gabriel was practically skipping with excitement, Sam wondered briefly just how much sugar the archangel had binged before staging this little ‘visit’.
,” Charlie ranted looking slightly crazed for a moment and then appeared to pull herself back together again, “Sorry, got a little carried away there. But seriously what has
“Don’t,” Cas growled, “Do you think I rebelled, killed my own kind and dedicated myself in the name of a “broken” man? Do you think I would have given up my army, throwing away my one chance to defeat Metatron, for a “broken” man? You are the bravest, most loyal and selfless human I know. So selfless that you’re blind to your own strengths! Your soul isn’t broken, it’s the brightest I have ever seen! Don’t you dare tell me you’re not ‘worth it’. Any angel would be
“It’s quite an interesting series,” Castiel spoke casually, “Although I am still unsure what ‘Game’ the title is referring to.”
“No way, not while you’re still…out of commission,” Sam said, gesturing to Dean’s right arm where the Mark of Cain was currently hidden under his sleeve.
Meanwhile, Dean stumbled at the end of the stairs causing Castiel to wrap both arms around him in an attempt to steady the man. Sam suspected Dean wasn’t nearly as drunk as he appeared, he practically lived on alcohol after all, he was probably overacting to keep Castiel close. Sam rolled his eyes at the pair. Dean was grinning, staring into Castiel’s eyes with so much fondness that Sam wanted to yell “get a room.”
It was then that it hit Sam why Hannah’s feather had looked so familiar. It looked just like the quill Gabriel had given him, except his quill was much larger and gold.
Twenty hours and eight volumes later, Dean was starting to lose hope. There was nothing in any of these books about finding an angel's stolen grace or healing an angel whose grace was burning them from the inside. They were still no closer to saving Cas and all Dean had gained from his research was an extensive amount of knowledge on Angel biology that he really would have preferred not to know. If he had to look at one more overly detailed schematic of an angel wing he was afraid he’d shoot himself.
He held his hand out for Dean to give him back this upcoming week’s work. What he didn’t expect was the look of confusion on Dean’s face to return. Dean instead placed his own hand in Castiel’s and pulled himself out of the too-comfortable armchair.
“Why do you care?” Dean mumbles under his breath as he reaches into the fridge to grab a beer, and Cas’s head jolts up.
He took a deep breath, in and out, slowly, trying to calm his pounding heart. Something prickled at the back of Dean’s eyes and he was not going to cry, damnit. But he had to know.
Dean looked at him as though asking for an official Red Ryder carbine action two-hundred shot range model air rifle for Christmas, all hope glinting in his green eyes, and Castiel couldn’t help but smile at him. It was as if he were the one indulging Dean in his ultimate fantasy to become an exterior decorator, rather than the fact that Castiel desperately needed the help if he was going to have any seeds planted in time for harvesting or blooming this year.
“Awesome,” Dean said, and his grin lit up his entire face. “Do you mind if I use some of the extra wood for other projects?”
“I, uh,” Cas starts, clearing his throat and trying again, eyes darting back up to Dean’s face. Dean sees two spots of pink high on Cas’s immaculate cheekbones and goddamnit, Dean wishes he could summon up some of the courage he gets when he’s flirting with girls at the bar, half in the bag and ready to go home with a warm body.
He pushed the thought of a parade of gorgeous homecoming vets out of his mind. Dean was still talking when Castiel looked up at him, and Castiel really hoped his face wasn’t as red as it felt. It wouldn’t do to be blushing and tripping over his own tongue like a schoolgirl with a crush when this man was supposed to be helping him and—according to the letter—living with him for the next five weeks. It seemed Dean needed a home as much as Castiel had one to spare, and the interruption was only the second crisis Castiel had to deal with.
Ooh, Dean could get used to breathing that in. He wanted to ask what body wash Cas used but he didn’t want to sound like a total stalker, so instead, he stuttered over a goodnight after dropping Cas back at his apartment. The other man gave him a smile and a look that, if not for the passing shadows over Cas’ stubbled jaw, Dean would have misread as an invitation.
Castiel needed to be fair and give him a chance to help, but he also reminded himself to keep his distance too.
“Dean, you startled me,” he said, giggling at the end. Oh, the wine was definitely getting to him. Suddenly he wasn’t sure that having another glass was such a good idea.
“See you down in a bit?” Dean said before seeming to realize he was still holding onto Cas’s arm, and letting go.
California wasn’t as far away from the Pacific Northwest as it was from New York state, where Castiel had grown up, but it was still a good two- or three-day drive. Castiel pictured Dean flooring it on the open road down the coast, wind lifting his hair, complaining when bugs smashed against his windshield, eating his way through cafes and seaside restaurants all the way to see his brother. A lovely fantasy, not that Castiel would know about road trips.
He would say it in hushed whispers over voicemails; part of him hoped that Cas never checked them but part of him hoped that Cas replayed his messages over and over. The fact that almost a whole year went by, during which they didn’t get the chance to see each other, absolutely killed him. But Dean continued to text as often as he could, even through three changes of phones. In those very late at night moments, he’d call and leave Cas a voicemail, knowing the man slept peacefully with his phone turned off because he used a real alarm clock like an adult. Sometimes he’d tell Cas about their latest hunt, always promising that yes, they had been extremely careful, even with blood spattered all over his flannel or a broken wrist cradled to his chest in a makeshift sling. Sometimes he’d ramble on, talking about their past meals, drooling as he reminisced about the salty hashbrowns and perfectly cooked sunny side-up eggs at their spot. Sometimes he’d tell Cas, before he could chicken out, that he missed him and he hoped they’d be passing through again soon, but he didn’t know when.
“Yeah, you know, the volunteer program matching, uh, people like me with church-goers who need assistance. Here I thought I was gonna be helping some crotchety old man do his crossword puzzles for a couple’a weeks, but it turns out I got you instead.” Dean grinned and it was like the sun had landed in Castiel’s front yard.
Ignoring the prickly feeling that there was another body in his house, Cas set about the kitchen preparing for lunch. He had a little lettuce and half a cucumber left from his last garden haul, but the plants were almost bare and he would have to make a run to the farmer’s market for more produce later that week. Or he could ask Dean to do it.
couch. In their spot. They had just spent the weekend—had two great nights in a row, ordering in sesame chicken and dumplings to share on Friday and splitting Dean’s homemade pizzas on Saturday (veggie for Cas, meat lovers for himself), and watching bad horror movies that Cas has never seen before—on that couch. In that spot. The spot that is now tainted by Cas’s
“Not to make you uncomfortable or anything, but man, have you looked in a mirror? You look like something I could sink my teeth into,” Gabriel says, and Dean laughs, now less distressed at Gabriel’s flirtatiousness, given how ridiculous this conversation is. “But I’m serious, dude. You clearly want to do the do with him; why not give it a shot?”
Despite the constant frustration, Castiel’s body remaining tight like a bowstring, ready to snap at any moment, they moved through their days working out in the yard, Castiel with his notebooks and headphones and Dean with his hammer and nails or gloved hands. The weather had held up on Thursday and Friday and they were thoroughly exhausted by their second weekend together. When he managed to finish writing, Castiel set aside his pen and paper to help Dean in the small ways that he could. He stuffed weeds into compost bags, held tools while Dean pieced together the planter’s boxes, made lists of supplies they would need to pick up in the next week, and carried scraps to a small pile off to the side.
“Fair warning, I might have to ditch phones once in a while. But I’ll keep your number in my wallet too so I can always program it into whatever new one I get,” Dean said, refraining from typing in “Professor Hottie” as the contact.
He tried not to think about Dean leaving in a couple of weeks. The thought of it, even now when their time together had just begun, twisted his gut something fierce, made him feel hot and sick all over.
He settles on Cas’s bed and raises his eyes to the ceiling, pretending that the glow-in-the-dark stars Cas insisted on putting up there when they first moved in are, at the moment, tremendously interesting.
Still, he figured he should probably go outside and let Dean know he would be making lunch soon. Castiel’s eyes flicked up to the clock above the doorway, and he realized it was later than he thought. Not so late, though, that he needed to start cooking, but if he gave Dean maybe an hour’s warning, the man could finish up whatever it was he was doing and come inside to clean up, then join Castiel for a meal.
“Uh huh. A break. And the fact that map there is pulled up to Pontiac has nothing to do with it.” Sam pointed to Dean’s laptop screen, which showed that Illinois was still about ten or eleven hours away from where they’d just finished up a shifter job in Oklahoma.
He squeezes his eyes shut and keeps drinking, ‘til his vision starts to go fuzzy around the edges and he gets warm and sleepy. He can already feel the growing headache at the back of his head and he burrows deeper under the blankets, throwing them over his head completely.
But with Dean around, Castiel wouldn’t necessarily need to leave the house. He could spend more time drafting his work, studying languages, catching up on the mail. And maybe, just maybe, he could have a friend. Sometimes his voice felt rusty from disuse, he went so long without talking to people. Sure, his siblings occasionally rang, sometimes just to catch up and sometimes with a problem they felt only he could solve, since he was one of the only children of their preacher father who’d stayed relatively close to the same path. It wasn’t easy breaking away from the church and none of them had done it entirely, but the Novak children, grown though they were, looked up to him the most.
No, he couldn’t do that. He’d already given Dean free reign over the garden, the house, his whole property, and he didn’t want to interrupt or worse, make Dean think he couldn’t be trusted to work where Castiel couldn’t see him. He didn’t want to treat Dean like a child or an inmate; he wanted to allow the man his freedom, something it seemed Dean hadn’t experienced much of. From their few conversations that delved into Dean’s background, he hadn’t had much time for anything other than responsibility, growing up a little too fast, and being treated like a little adult even from a young age. Castiel didn’t want him to think he saw Dean the same way; no, he wanted to give Dean space and time and room to roam, however he needed to use it, however he wanted to accept Castiel’s help.
It took an excruciatingly long time to get to the hospital, clutching his swollen arm to his chest as he tried to start his car lefthandedly. Of course it had to be his dominant side; Castiel sat for several minutes in his old brown and white F-250, squeezing his eyes shut against the tears that threatened to fall. It wasn’t that his arm even hurt that badly—the shock of the fall and the adrenaline rushing through him had sort of numbed him—but the fact that now he would be unable to get much work done in his garden. He could hardly hold the steering wheel, never mind a set of nails and a hammer to put the wood together for his project.
He’d also pulled the majority of weeds from the side and back yards, and had cleared away rocks and stones that had dotted the landscaping in his way. Dean had lined the dirt with a hoe or some tool or other to designate the areas where he planned to plant Castiel’s seeds and shrubbery, and possibly place more planter’s boxes. There was still a large space in the backyard that needed work, but Castiel didn’t bother asking. He was in love with it all so far.
The other man had hesitated at first, understandably. After all, the Winchesters had blown his world wide open. Cas had only ever studied creatures and lore in a theoretical sense. Sure, he’d had his own chance encounters, instances he’d brushed off as hallucinations or half-remembered dreams, but he couldn’t believe that some of the monsters and myths he’d made his life’s work were real.
“And you shouldn’t have done the shopping alone, either, man. I’m supposed to be helping you with that kinda stuff,” Dean said absently as he pushed in his chair.
And besides, he had been successful at tamping that part of himself down for all this time. Why shouldn’t he be able to do it again?
So out he went, trailing Dean and not minding the view from behind at all, especially when they walked around to the side and back yards and Dean stripped off his flannel overlaying a T-shirt. Castiel tried not to watch Dean’s biceps flexing and straining his shirt as he pointed to what he had done so far.
He figured Dean deserved all of that, at the very least, especially for putting up with a prickly Castiel.
Castiel shook himself, jittery hands adjusting around the steering wheel. How ridiculous that he had chased himself out. It was his cabin, and Dean was an intruder.
They sat in silence for another half hour or so, Dean sipping slowly at a glass of bourbon he’d drummed up from somewhere, Cas working steadily. After a while, Dean spoke again. “You ever date anyone else, then? Any other dudes catch your eye?”
Castiel scooted even closer, their thighs pressing together. There was no more room between them now; if Castiel wanted to move another inch, he’d end up practically in Dean’s lap.
Dean rolled his shoulders and clenched his hand under Castiel’s. “Yeah, well.” A beat of silence, and then begrudgingly, he said, “You’re right.”
Dean peeked over Castiel’s shoulder, lighting up at the spread on the table. “Aw man, you didn’t have to go to all this trouble. Thank you. And please, call me Dean. Mr. Winchester makes me sound so much older than I already am.”
Not that there would be anything to do about it, other than call someone to take Dean’s body away, and Jesus, why was Castiel thinking about the man dying? He shook his head again, this time to clear it.
Castiel had bought the cabin with the little bit of money his parents had left when they’d passed away. It wasn’t an enormous property, though the land surrounding it technically was. Downstairs, the den was filled with comfortably couches and Castiel’s favorite armchair, one that had followed him through his years sharing apartments with people who were strictly roommates and definitely not friends in college and halfway through the seminary.
“I hope so, man. Maybe she’s one of ‘em. She wouldn’t have had a problem, you know? Me being like I am.” Dean turned the full force of his gaze on Castiel, his eyes bright and unblinking.
Dean chuckled and rubbed at the back of his neck. “Yeah, apparently their best employee shattered his bones doing something dumb all by himself and now he needs assistance through his healing. Or at least that’s how Miss Naomi put it when she signed me up for the program.”
Or why his hands shook, itching to touch the other man, even now, to wipe dusty streaks of pollen off his shirt.
A strange look flitted across Dean’s face, as though guilt and shame intermingled there but only for a second.
“See you in a week!” Sam shouted from down the hall. Dean didn’t even reply, instead opting to shoot Sam a text when he’d made it up north.
When he caught the man’s eye after, Castiel had to admit, shamelessly glancing over every inch of him, the man grinned wider and pushed himself off the car.
“Why do you have to get rid of your phone? Doesn’t that get expensive?” Castiel’s eyebrows knit together and the look of pure concern on his face was almost too adorable for Dean to handle.
“Uh… I need to go! Bye!” Castiel squeaked, and it took a few tries before he could blindly pull at the door handle. He let it slam behind him, not even bothering to put the bottle of water down, leaving Dean out in the yard, wiping his brow and watching Cas beat a hasty retreat.
Blessedly, the professor had stayed up late, poring over an ancient text in some dead language. They enjoyed double bacon cheeseburgers while Cas chattered on about it, and then for dessert split a vanilla milkshake, Dean spooning the last drops from the metal shaker right into his mouth.
After Dean paid the bill, insisting that Cas save his money for their next go-round, he went for it. He should have asked first as he stepped into Cas’ space, surprising the man but not scaring him. He wrapped his arms around Cas’ shoulders, their chests lining up in a way that made Dean want to feel the scrape of skin on skin. Trying not to linger like a creep, he settled for memorizing how Cas felt in his arms, how toned the strong muscles in Cas’ back were and how summery the lemon scent of him was. Not harsh like cleaning products, but gentle like the wafting aroma of a citrus tart topped with powdered sugar and a little whipped cream. Sweet but not overpowering.
Castiel didn’t trust himself to speak, so he simply nodded. He found he was doing that a lot around Dean, and he had never been a shy man. Quiet, sure, but not shy. If he didn’t speak up he feared Dean might get suspicious and start asking questions about why Castiel clammed up around him.
Dean beamed, and that settled it. He would check in with Castiel, but he clearly fell into his element with this project. In the days that followed, after they breakfasted together and Dean helped clean up, he started working early and finished late into the afternoons. He weeded, picked apart the landscaping and reworked it, sometimes two or three times before he was satisfied, and shouted out supplies to add to the ever-growing list that Castiel kept handy so they could take a mid-week trip to the hardware store later.
While Castiel made a list of things he would need from the grocery store, because he had nothing else to do, Dean danced around the kitchen to some song on the radio, cleaning as he went. He finished in record time, since there wasn’t much to do. He’d scrubbed down every surface during the week, and even cleaned out some of the cabinets above the counter, just to rearrange them and toss some of the expired spices Castiel never used.
Castiel could feel the buzzing between them, Dean’s nervous energy pouring off him, but it wasn’t until he lowered his newspaper and started clearing the table that either of them spoke.
“What are you doing here?” Cas asked after a quick hug, eyes darting around to make sure none of his students saw. Dean grinned; he wondered if the kids would tease Cas, knowing Dean was waiting for him.
“I don’t get to see him much but, uh, we text and talk on the phone once in a while. He’s got a great girl, Jess, and she keeps him in line.”
It would have to wait, and Castiel, despite the many wonderful qualities that made him a charming member of his church and an apt writer of weekly sermons, was not a patient man.
Dean held up his hands, approaching as though Castiel were a feral animal that he had to keep calm, lest he scare him off. “I’m sorry, I was just—you looked so peaceful. I didn’t mean to interrupt. You looked… nice.”
But now that Castiel had admitted that he also liked the way Dean looked—and it was so much more than that, really; Dean was perfection in human form, as though crafted by an angel. He was gorgeous and intelligent and funny and hardworking and had all the qualities Castiel had always wanted in a partner—he was tormented by watching Dean walk around in tight T-shirts, seeing him bend at the waist to point out a patch of weeds he still needed to pull in the garden, hearing him loudly, almost lasciviously enjoy every meal Cas put in front of him was enough to drive anyone crazy, attracted to men or not. Castiel didn’t know what to do with himself.
A hand snakes around his waist and pulls him closer, and a mess of black bedhead sticking up in every direction emerges from under the duvet. “Stay,” Cas murmurs, and Dean finds himself immobilized in his own bed.
Later, when Dean serves Cas a plate of his spaghetti with homemade meat sauce, because he might be annoyed that Cas always seems to have girls hanging off his arm but not annoyed enough to not feed the dude, Cas thanks him, looking like Dean just saved his life with the meal.
“Guess you were tired too, huh?” Dean said, smiling face coming into focus in front of Castiel. Part of him thought he was still dreaming and he longed to lean forward, to capture Dean’s lips with his own, but he realized that he was in his own den and caught himself before he made a huge mistake and embarrassed himself forever.
Dean stepped up onto the porch and Castiel found it very difficult to breathe. Up close, jade green eyes bore into his and Castiel swallowed hard, then swallowed again because he couldn’t get any moisture into his mouth. His tongue felt thick in his head, his teeth suddenly too large for his jaw, and he clicked it shut, not wanting to say anything stupid like
, he couldn’t concentrate on the words in front of him while Dean chattered away. Something about the veterans’ assistance program for homecoming soldiers who needed the guidance of church members while the church members themselves needed help with basic tasks.
“Do you feel as though you’re able to help others better when you help yourself, Dean?” Castiel ventured to ask, trying not to stare at him over the top of his computer. He saw out of the corner of his eye the soft backlighting against Dean’s hair, now slightly less slicked down, a little fluffier as they reached the end of the day. Castiel watched as Dean rubbed his knuckles against one side of his jaw, thinking about his answer.
But Dean took it all in without judgment. “That’s really admirable, Cas. I’d like to read some of your work, if you’d let me.”
He paused for a minute, wondering if he should even say it out loud or if it sounded silly. “And,” he started, deciding to plow ahead, “if I were going to start a relationship, it would be for the long-term. I don’t do anything in half measures, Dean; a partnership would be no different.”
In the morning Dean didn’t immediately join Castiel for breakfast, and Cas, groggy from his five hours of sleep, didn’t think anything of it until he realized that the clock was pushing eight and Dean had been getting up two hours earlier than that. Military schedule, he remembered as he dug through the refrigerator.
Dean doesn’t answer, and Gabriel gets distracted with fishing the cherry out of the bottom of his glass, as though he just casually drops bombs like that all the time and leaves everyone else to pick up the pieces. From the little Dean knows of him, it sure as hell seems that way.
“Goodnight, Dean,” he said, a little louder than he meant to, and he brushed past the other man to head upstairs.
“My friend Mick and I, when we were dating in college,” Castiel said, squeezing one eye shut as he turned back to his mail, hoping to God that Dean wouldn’t bolt out of the house or throw something. Or hit him.
had just done, retrieving the blanket spilling halfway down the stairs from where he’d jumped up like he was on fire, and he was determined not to think about it at all.
, as Castiel was calling it, of Dean chopping wood half-naked in his yard like some kind of nudist lumberjack—had been full of the
“You okay? You never need time off,” Sam had said, concern furrowing his brow. “You feeling alright?”
“I do something wrong, Cas?” Dean asked, and Castiel looked over to see the other man’s eyes wide and shiny.
“And if you did it to have space from him, that’s okay too. Dean, you deserve space, and freedom and boundaries and all the other things that make relationships healthy. You deserve good people in your life.”
They didn’t speak of these quiet, sad moments, hushed messages left while Sammy slept in the next bed at their motel or curled up against the passenger-side door of the car as Dean drove one-handed down a lonely highway. But Cas always texted him back the next morning, and when Dean saw the message blinking on his phone screen, an “
Castiel set the plates in the sink and turned around, wiping his hands on a daisy-patterned towel. “I remembered last minute I needed to drop off some things for the church. Work stuff. I’m sorry I worried you.”
In an effort to be welcoming and genial, to return to his initial demeanor when Dean had first arrived, Castiel brought his work outside with him. He sat in one of his enormous Adirondack chairs, ones left over from the original owner, white paint chipped and peeling.
Dean teased, but Castiel had to admit he was doing it mostly unknowingly. With the ease with which he carried his body, Dean drew him in naturally, without even having to flirt on purpose. He laughed and smiled openly with Castiel, even going so far to touch him a few times now—a quick squeeze of his hand across the breakfast table, a delicate trailing of fingers across his back as Dean moved around him in the kitchen, shoulders bumped together when they cooked dinner, three good hands between them. Castiel savored every bit of it, ruminating on it all later, turning their conversations over and over in his mind, breaking Dean’s words apart for any further hint of desire.
They spent the rest of the day mostly in companionable silence, Dean clearing up around the house and offering to make lunch and then dinner while Castiel worked. He didn’t mind the banging coming from the kitchen while he listened to homilies from other churches around the country, just to get some ideas for his next couple of columns—he didn’t plagiarize, but he liked to know what other priests and preachers were saying to their congregations, get a good sense of what the topic of the week was elsewhere. He particularly liked Cardinal O’Malley at one of the bigger Boston churches, whom Castiel had once had the pleasure of meeting after a Sunday mass during a long weekend spent in Massachusetts; the man kept it short and sweet, usually under ten minutes, and Castiel could listen anytime he liked on the church’s website.
Thankfully the old wasp’s nest that had attached itself to the underside of the house was empty, he explained. Castiel had called an apiarist and then insect control, but no one had ever actually come out. He’d been very lucky never to have seen any wasps, but he knew it needed to be removed, lest he suffer an infestation of beetles or ants or some other creepy crawly group.
Castiel hoped Dean didn’t catch the double meaning, hoped he wasn’t a particularly religious man himself.
Castiel wanted to screech with frustration. There was no way, in Heaven or Hell, that this man was real. He came rolling up in his ridiculous classic car, dressed like he was ready to scramble through the woods looking for adventure, and now he was insisting, as though Castiel were a small child, that he was here to help.
A moment passed, as though Castiel forgot how words worked, forgot how to work his voice box, forgot everything but how shiny Dean’s collarbones looked, and how much Castiel suddenly wanted to taste the clean sweat of him.
Still, it was pleasant, and Castiel’s body ached with soreness alongside his temptation, sometimes so much so all he could think about was a hot bath and a long sleep. At least he could thank Dean for taking his mind off the thoughts that the other man put there in the first place.
Castiel jumped, slightly. Good thing he wasn’t holding the full cups; he’d definitely have sloshed them all over and made a huge mess.
And it’s true—between classes and their part-time jobs, Cas’s reshelving books in the library and Dean’s helping out at the front desk of the engineering department, they don’t usually spend too many hours together. But they usually have a couple of nights to themselves, to either go out with friends, FaceTime with family back home, or hole up on the couch together watching Netflix documentaries and eating shitty pizza from the place down the street.
Dean nodded, watching Castiel intently. “Sure, I get you. Why bother with a half-assed relationship when you deserve somebody who will whole-ass it with you?”
Vaguely he wondered, as he flipped half a pound of bacon in the pan, why Dean had even joined up. Castiel wasn’t sure exactly how old the other man was but he figured Dean would’ve been a little past the point of a dewy-eyed eighteen-year-old when the 9/11 attacks had occurred, though he could understand how the propaganda would have gotten to the son of a marine. Perhaps, if Dean would talk a bit more openly about it, Castiel could get some information.
“’Course you will. I’ll see you for dinner.” Dean bounded up the stairs and after a few minutes of shuffling around, Castiel heard nothing else from the top floor.
Dean chuckles, turning off the engine and pocketing his keys. “Nah, nothing like that. Well, I mean… It’s just—”
If he had known someone like Dean needed the program as much as Castiel himself did, he’d have signed up ages ago.
They ate in relative silence, smiling at each other over their white wine and groaning at how delicious the food was. Dean went back for seconds and complained he was going to gain so much weight if he kept eating this well with Castiel.
“Sorry, Cas. We can always go next week,” Dean said, resting a hand on Castiel’s shoulder as they watched the rain lash at the window. “Bet we’d float away in this.”
Sometime around midday, Dean cracks an eyelid and groans at the sun poking him directly in his retina. He turns away, hauling the blanket with him, only there’s something solid holding it down and he can’t quite manage to pull the cover all the way over himself.
you, Sammy. I freaking knew it,” he’d said to his younger brother, and Sam had rolled his eyes and pursed his lips in response) Dean had invited Dr. Novak out for a drink, just to say thank you.
The next morning, Castiel found Dean swiveling his hips like a young Elvis, round and around the kitchen, the smell of French toast permeating the air.
Dean would have been happier at the news if Cas didn’t appear to be deliberately avoiding his gaze. And was Dean crazy or was Cas… blushing?
truly trust him after all he’d put him through. It didn’t matter that most of what he’d done was in order to protect him and to prevent him from unnecessary pain. No, the fact of the matter was he’d toyed with Sam’s emotions too many times to forgive. The knowledge hurt the archangel and his gaze turned steely, his typical carefree nature disappearing.
“Sort of…do you think, even with all the horrible things I’ve done, that I’d deserve the love of an angel?” Dean mumbled the words quickly, feeling extremely self-conscious afterwards. He knew this was the closest he’d ever gotten to confessing his love for Cas aloud.
“Then it’s settled, you two have fun,” Sam announced locking eyes with Hannah meaningfully. The interaction didn’t go unnoticed by Dean and he wondered briefly what was up with those two.
“Yes, thank you for delivering me to safety once again. I am lucky to have such a resourceful companion,” Castiel told her gratefully. Her wings shuddered at the praise, but her only response was a tense nod. Castiel stepped forward to trace her wings with his in both gratitude and reassurance.
Neither of them were sure if they were ready to call the feeling love, but they knew that in that moment it didn’t matter. They moved towards each other simultaneously, the urge to close the distance between them occurring as a single thought within their shared consciousness. Their lips pressed together gently and they closed their eyes, revelling in their physical and emotional connection. It wasn’t a particularly aggressive or passionate kiss. Rather they simply appreciated the feeling of one another until the connection between them began to fade.
Or at least that's what he assumed they were supposed to be. But these poor appendages had barely any feathers left, those that remained appeared frail and tattered, bones in their place. Connected to these pathetic limbs was Cas, curled on his side wrapped in a tangle of blankets. Dean's mind finally caught up with his situation as he remembered the previous day’s events. He quickly moved towards Cas and let out a sigh of relief as he took in the steady rise and fall of his chest. Cas was alive
to waste on me,” Dean lashed out before grabbing his keys and instead choosing to leave himself, “I’d say don’t bother calling but you never do, do you?”
This bonus chapter is dedicated to speedymakac. I'm so so sorry for spoiling the latest episode for you, I hope this little drabble makes up for my mistake Q.Q
Before Dean had the chance to speak, however, Cas spoke once more, “You should know, angels only choose a mate
Anways, thanks so much to everyone who's kudos and commented on this fic. I'm seriously blown away by how much attention this fic still gets. Supernatural and this fic will always have a special place in my heart and I hope this little glimpse into their future made some of you smile :D
He grabbed Castiel’s tie roughly, pulling the angel into another deep kiss. Castiel was so caught up in their movements he barely noticed Dean manoeuvring them around, dragging the angel gently by his tie, until he felt skilled hands easily freeing the piece of fabric from his throat. He heard Dean haphazardly throw the tie across the room, before the hunter attacked the rest of his clothes. Castiel followed his lead, fiddling with his belt blindly. They undressed each other clumsily, so unwilling to separate from their kiss that they unintentionally hindered their own progress. After a few unsuccessful attempts, however, their impatience soon won out and they separated to shed their remaining clothing themselves. They let their underwear remain, choosing to prolong the suspense of finally seeing each other fully exposed.
Boredom was, unfortunately, one of the various human traits Castiel had retained from his short brush with humanity. Before, Castiel would often stay in one spot for hours at a time as he patiently awaited his next mission. Now, however, the angel found himself agitated and restless when faced with long periods of monotony.
Wings were actually pretty helpful in seeing past the stoic angel front, Dean realised. If only he’d been able to see Cas’s wings when he’d first met him, it sure would have made things a lot easier back then. It didn’t really make much difference now though, since he already knew how to read Cas pretty easily.
All this talk of courting had gotten him thinking, after all. Why shouldn’t he try settling down too? He’d been a playboy for centuries now and he couldn’t deny it had gotten pretty lonely. It was an easy choice setting his sights on the younger Winchester since he’d always felt drawn to the human. At first he’d thought it was simple physical attraction, but he soon realised he’d actually grown to respect the hunter.  It was one of the reasons why he’d tried so hard to knock some sense into him all those years ago in the Mystery Spot debacle. Sam needed to realise that they couldn’t just keep sacrificing themselves for one another all the time. It wasn’t just reckless but foolish. Everyone and their uncle knew the Winchesters’ weakness was each other and it was going to get them both killed one day. He couldn’t help but try to teach the young man this important lesson, even if it was admittedly a little harsh. Yet in the end Sam hadn’t listened and continued in his futile attempts at saving Dean, failing just as Gabriel had expected. The interference of Castiel had purely been an unforseen stroke of luck for the hunters and without him Dean would no doubt still be rotting in Hell.
Castiel tilted his head, confused at what Sam was implying. Of course he knew Dean had been worried about him. Castiel had noticed the overwhelming presence of emotion from the moment he’d awoken. But Sam was looking at him meaningfully, as if Castiel was missing something important.
“In a weakened state, angels require regular sleep like any human. However he has been avoiding rest for the past few days, likely in an attempt to appear well. I believe his unconsciousness was mainly due to sleep deprivation, he should wake in a few hours,” Hannah assured them.
“And you don’t see any darkness? Not even from my days in hell? Or the mark? I killed people Hannah and did a whole lot worse to a lot of others. That’s got to be on there somewhere,” Dean demanded.
“Hey don’t laugh, this is serious,” Dean whined. Hannah attempted to reign in her vessel’s reaction, it was becoming a lot harder to keep her face neutral.
” Gabe stated sarcastically. Yet despite his sarcastic tone, Sam noticed that he didn’t actually fly them until Sam consented. It suddenly reminded him of the salad Gabe had conjured earlier that night as well. Huh. Maybe Gabe actually
the impala home. He’s still recovering,” Sam murmured in concern. Instead he watched Dean throw Castiel the keys, feeling slightly betrayed.
“You mean you’ve just been letting Cas feel miserable? For what, your own sick amusement? Jesus Sam, I expect this kind of thing from The Trickster but
husband, but instead he found himself wavering at the words. Healthy, exactly. It’s not like he’d be accepting the marriage if he did this, Dean convinced himself, it would just be a healthy way to let off some steam after a really frustrating sex dream.
. But Dean had asked for their help getting home and, of course, Castiel could never say no to Dean.
Without a second thought, Dean turned the car around and began heading for the nearest crossroads. It didn’t take long to set up the spell, he’d done it so many times now that he could perform it from memory alone. When the crossroads demon appeared, he flashed Dean that familiar smug grin that all of these black eyed -well technically red eyed in this case- bastards possessed.
“Finally, I was beginning to suspect you were not home,” she replied irritably, stepping inside the door while effortlessly supporting Cas’s weight as if he weighed nothing. Cas’s wings drooped sadly behind him, looking frail but not as devastated as they had been when Dean first saw them. Dark circles framed Cas’s eyes and he looked alarmingly pale.
“Seriously, you need to start giving me some kind of signal before you pop out of nowhere, otherwise I’m gonna have a heart attack in my thirties,” Sam complained, but the archangel didn’t look the slightest bit concerned. He simply swung his legs back and forth eagerly like an excited child.
His unnatural sense of ease to the situation hadn’t even purely been physical either. He’d felt so unbelievably
Speaking of, Charlie didn’t even appear concerned by his sudden appearance. She was too busy staring at Gabriel starstruck.
“You’re leaving already?” Dean murmured. The words came out much softer than he’d intended, but he couldn’t bring himself to say it again. But Cas had heard him anyway, turning towards him in surprise before his expression changed to one of concern.
He expertly fiddled with the taps, quickly finding that perfect balance between hot and cold. Dean closed his eyes, focussing only on the pleasant sensation of warm water cascading over him. He could almost feel the tight muscles in his shoulders relaxing under its ministrations. The bunker really
It’d been almost two months since his last hunt and Dean wasn't sure how much longer he could stand it. Sam'd had him on house arrest ever since the incident with the vamp nest in Colorado.
Dean was agonizingly slow and thorough as he spread the oil throughout Castiel’s feathers. His dick throbbed unbearably, his boxers long ruined with the liquid dribbling from the head. Castiel wasn’t sure how much longer he could take this teasing.
Although Dean may be human, Hannah would still expect, and deserved, to be courted properly. Dean may be an expert on courting humans, but angels had their own customs and techniques when it came to courtship. So, of course, it was up to Castiel as a fellow angel and both their friend to make sure Dean knew what was expected of him.
“Come on Sam, it’s so boring in here. What do you expect me to do all day?” Dean groaned in frustration, settling in the seat beside Sam.
Dean scoffed, “Yeah cause I bet every husband has to build their spouse a nest when they get married.”
“It is hard to say, an angel has never recovered from tainted grace before. I would suggest he stay as long as possible, to be sure. I do not wish to drag him here unconscious again,” Hannah stated calmly.
one of the things he’d be expected to do now after all. Especially since he’d officially decided to court Cas properly.
He watched the small group as they exited the bar, wondering if they should follow. Gabe answered that question in the next moment, flying them out to the parking lot. Sam gripped his spinning head, flashing Gabe a bitch face.
. Many of them grew “inappropriately attached” to their charges. Which, of course, led to the age of Nephilim. Quite an embarrassing mistake for my dear brother, as you can imagine. Michael had the program extinguished and all angels involved were eliminated. He destroyed any evidence that he’d ever been involved,” Gabriel explained coolly.
“You’re eating with the King of Bad Table Manners, Cas. Trust me, you’re doing fine,” Dean hastily reassured him. His words seemed to soothe Cas’s unease and his wings relaxed considerably. Though, in the process a wing brushed against Dean’s arm gently causing both of them to tense.
Castiel found his focus dragged back to Dean as an intense amount of fear and anxiety rushed through what he now realised was the bond. Dean was watching him expectantly, nervously waiting for Castiel’s reaction to the news.
the angel hated him after the harsh things he’d said to him. It would make ignoring the ache of these feelings so much easier. Dean didn’t deserve a family who loved him, not a brother
Gabriel gave a noncommittal shrug, “Well yeah, there wouldn’t be. It was all pretty experimental stuff. Michael discarded the idea millenniums ago.”
“At first I believed it was over-stress from not allowing himself to heal properly before returning to the mission,” Hannah explained, placing Cas gently on the couch Sam had been sitting on earlier, “but on the journey here I noticed some of his feathers returning.”
Dean froze, like an animal caught in a trap. Cas felt the need to add, “If you would like to, that is.”
It felt so great to be behind the wheel again after months of being stuck in the bunker. Dean couldn’t help stroking the steering wheel fondly, mentally apologizing to Baby for neglecting her for so long. The distraction of driving helped for a little while at least. He let his mind go blank, focussing only on the familiar actions that came second nature to him now, not really heading anywhere in particular.
Thanks to everyone who read this fic and a special thanks to those of you who left kudos, commented or subscribed! I really appreciate your support :)
Hannah tried to ignore the embarrassment that flared within her at the knowledge that she’d fallen asleep on the other girl. It was odd to be feeling emotions so clearly even without the alcohol in her system. Hannah began to wonder if it was still her fallen status to blame. She couldn’t possibly be developing human emotions like Castiel had, could she? He’d been on Earth far longer than she had before that change had occurred.
Hannah reluctantly accepted and allowed Dean to order for her. When their drinks arrived Dean took a long drink of his beer trying not to appear as nervous as he felt for their upcoming conversation. Hannah eyed her martini curiously before downing it in one smooth gulp, olive and all. She instantly scrunched up her face in disgust.
Castiel snapped his head to stare at Dean, eyes wide, before common sense forced his gaze back to the road. Dean looked slightly flustered and his flush appeared to be from more than intoxication.
disorientating,” she whined, gripping her stomach as she decided whether or not she was gonna throw up. Castiel looked at her apologetically as he patted her back soothingly. The gesture was oddly human and Charlie found herself pleasantly surprised at how much he’d changed from the stoic character she’d gotten to know in the books.
“You have to keep an open mind, okay? You were dying and there really wasn’t anything else we could do. Like you were on death’s door, man, it looked really bad. Sam and I looked everywhere for a cure, but we just kept coming up blank. That was when Sam came up with that stupid plan, I knew I should have listened to my gut but we had no other leads and-” Dean’s rambling became faster and he seemed more on edge the longer he spoke. Castiel decided to interrupt him before he hurt himself.
“His grace has been extremely drained. Thus the vessel has been shut down in order to sustain his remaining grace,” Hannah informed carefully.
Sam tried to hide his nerves, as he waited for Dean’s reply. He’d never been a great liar and even Sam knew his excuse to keep the marriage quiet was flimsy. All Dean had to do was mention the word ‘marriage’ to Cas and it’d all be over. Cas would tell him the truth and Dean would head straight for Gabriel. It would only be a matter of time before he scrutinized Sam’s actions enough to realise he’d been in on it too. What if Dean already knew? No. If Dean knew he would have come in here yelling, not this bizarre brooding.
It was no surprise Dean was disturbed by his wings in comparison. He wished he could somehow remove Dean’s sight once again, but the bond made that impossible. Worse still, he would have to be cautious of how close he got to Dean since his wings took up so much space. Dean’s previous warnings about ‘personal space’ now seemed even more pertinent.
“Speaking of which, I better go before he thinks I’ve fallen in,” Charlie joked, chuckling as she practically heard Hannah’s head tilt in confusion.
“Wait, what exactly are you suggesting?” Sam inquired, appearing more open to Gabriel’s idea than Dean.
have if he wasn’t able to see her wings. They couldn’t keep still, constantly fidgeting and fluffing in distress, it didn’t take a genius to figure out what that meant.
Sending a quick prayer to his absent father, Castiel plunged his hand through Dean’s chest. His grace latched onto Dean’s soul, drinking in the power eagerly. Dean was startled back into consciousness and began howling in pain. Castiel cringed at the sounds of agony, patting Dean’s hair soothingly as he attempted to comfort the other man.
Dean was visibly reassured by his words, flashing him a warm smile, “You really need to stop apologising Cas, especially when you didn’t do anything wrong. I’m just glad everything’s okay between us.”
Castiel held back the urge to interrogate Hannah as Dean finally exited the room. They had a right to their privacy, Castiel argued with himself, besides he really wasn’t sure he wanted to hear it. What he’d witnessed was painful enough without hearing the finer details. So instead he grabbed the first book on archangels he could find and began burying himself in his work. His task right now was to find Gabriel, he could succumb to heartbreak later.
Dean almost sighed out loud. Well someone had to be the voice of reason, guess it was up to him to be the bad guy here.
had his doubts about the reliability of the archangel’s words, but he knew he could have handled it better. He’d just been so wound up after almost losing both Dean and Cas in the same night. His overwhelming guilt hadn’t helped either, since he knew Dean wouldn’t have been kidnapped in the first place if it hadn’t been for their stupid prank. This whole mess had just gone way too far.
“You mean this?” Dean chuckled, stroking his thumb over the small nub which tore a gasp from Castiel’s lips as oil leaked generously from the abused gland.
, hastily he pulled back his right sleeve to reveal an unblemished forearm, the mark was gone. The ritual had worked!
But he knew he’d never be what Cas needed, couldn’t allow himself to indulge these kinds of fantasies. It didn’t matter that Cas felt the same. It didn’t matter that the bond meant that they were already technically expected to be together. Dean knew that it would only end in heartbreak. Just like every relationship Dean had ever had. He was poison, just like dream-Gabriel had said. Cas was already tainted enough by tying himself to Dean’s dark, mess of a soul. Of course Cas had wanted to leave him.
Dean couldn’t help his own flush, at the thought of being “intimate” with Cas. Dean knew he had to stop Cas soon. He wasn’t sure he could hear much more of what he’d be missing out on after he turned Cas down. It was hard enough already without hearing about all these “traditions” Cas wanted to live out with Dean. Cas deserved all that stuff with a real angel, he was sure Hannah would know all about this stuff already. Dean couldn’t compete with an angel, even if he wasn’t broken.
Once Gabriel was free he explained the ritual in detail. Turns out he just needed Cas and Dean’s presence while he chanted a bunch of phrases in Enochian, no weird ingredients or hex bags necessary. So here he was, sitting by Cas’s bedside as Gabriel spoke gibberish next to him. It all seemed way too easy to Dean and he once again considered the fact that this might be a trick. I mean, this was Gabriel, the
He’d only experienced sexual pleasure once in his life, so these sensations were still so new and raw to him. He couldn’t help acknowledging that this was Dean’s hand he was feeling. His hips jerked forward at the air by their own volition, seeking more from those phantom touches. He wondered if it would feel the same, if Dean really touched him like this.
The ministrations stopped suddenly and Castiel let out a pathetic whimper in frustration. His erection throbbed painfully, as if attempting to punish him for its stolen orgasm. Sensing that the bond had returned to its usual status, Castiel determinedly pushed it to the recess of his mind. He couldn’t pay attention to such heated emotions if he wished to calm himself enough to will away his predicament.
“What did ya miss me already, Sammy?” Gabriel cooed. Sam’s head snapped up at his greeting, his expression darkening even further.
. I love you and I would never abandon you or our daughter. There are no more apocalypses and if there were, we’d face them together,
how he felt about the archangel. He knew he’d undoubtedly enjoyed his company when they’d been together and had missed the archangel’s light-hearted presence ever since he’d stormed out that day. And sure he’d been really worried about Gabe and had been trying to make amends for days. But he considered Gabe a close friend, even if the archangel had been a dick in the past, he wasn’t interested in him
making an effort. Sam wasn’t sure how to feel about an archangel trying to get on his good side. Why would Gabe even bother?
“Then I suppose I will inform Castiel and Dean of your experiment, I’m sure they’ll be quite intrigued,” Hannah threatened casually.
Sam looked at Dean in pity, watching him struggle with his emotions like this almost made Sam want to drop the silly facade. But Dean’s reaction to this was the final proof he needed to decide Dean really
Standing there awkwardly, Castiel realised he wasn’t sure what to do now that he was there. He had wanted to comfort Dean, but it became clear he wasn’t exactly sure what that entailed.
, he would have the opportunity to kiss Dean whenever he liked for the rest of their lives. His wings shuddered again involuntarily and the action drew Dean’s attention. He pulled back from their kiss to stare eagerly at the wings bared compliantly against the bed.
can’t keep their mouth shut around pretty girls,” Gabriel grumbled, throwing a pointed look in Hannah’s direction.
it was true. But then what did that even mean for Dean? Did all the horrible things he’d done as a demon
He hadn’t meant to overreact like that, but his emotions were already strung so high lately and he couldn’t help but feel betrayed by Cas’s departure. Sure it wasn’t the first time Cas had ran out on them, in fact it was pretty much standard procedure by now, but Dean couldn’t help thinking this time should have been different. That, with their new ‘marriage’ and Cas having confessed his feelings, maybe he’d finally stay.
“As touching as this reunion is, I have a strict no chick flick moments policy in the bunker,” Dean informed them deliberately avoiding Cas’s gaze as he added, “so, uh, break it up you two.”
Dean and Cas had never been physically close, save for one or two reunion hugs and Dean cradling Cas’s dead face in his hands. Dean shuddered at the memory and desperately pushed it aside along with dream Cas’s cold dead eyes and sludge ridden corpse. It worked just barely, leaving only a mild uneasiness that churned within Dean’s stomach. He ignored the feeling, choosing instead to focus on one internal crisis at a time.
“Try to remember that when this is all over,” Hannah murmured under her breath. Before Dean could question the odd statement, Hannah spoke again louder.
chance to get to know each other and that simply can’t do. Like I want us to become besties before either of us die again, okay?”
Castiel’s grace roared with rage at the mere thought. His grace had laid claim to Dean’s soul, if a demon even
He decided upon a small Irish pub called MacLaren’s, which was not too crowded with large booths lining the walls and a bar serving food and drinks on the left. Dean eagerly claimed the booth closest to the bar, throwing a quick glance behind him to make sure Hannah was following. She eyed the place apprehensively as she took the seat opposite him.
harbour any feelings for Gabriel then I greatly encourage you to notify him. He’s under the impression that you could never return his feelings and has been moping around Heaven for weeks. There are very few bonding rituals left for him to complete and I’m afraid once he has fulfilled his duty towards me that he will disappear once again,” Hannah informed him sternly.
Gabe rolled his eyes, “I’m an archangel, Dummy. You don’t think I can be two places at once? How else do you think I’ve been stalking both of our brothers at the same time?”
your problems. No more mark and old Cassie here gets his very own grace back!” Gabriel chimed smugly.
Gabriel nodded sympathetically, “They say love is blind but this is ridiculous. Makes for a pretty good show though!”
“He’s not dead, Sam!” he growled before anxiously snapping at Hannah, “look, can you tell us what’s wrong with him or
“Are you sure? I don’t want to make you uncomfortable again. We don’t have to rush anything,” Dean insisted, despite his obvious desperation for more. His pupils were blown, skin was flushed and lips were kiss-bruised and still slick with spit. He looked entirely too tempting to be suggesting they stop, Castiel decided firmly.
Her blade travelled from each piece of bare skin to another, before moving on to beneath his clothes. She made quick work of his shirt until it was nothing but a pile of rags beside his chair. There was nothing teasing or sexual about her movements, he was nothing but a piece of flesh to carve and she was the butcher. He might as well have been propped up on a meat hook as far as she was concerned.
“Oh my god! No fricking way, Cas is so oblivious! I can’t believe he actually convinced me you and Dean were dating. I
Despite his apprehension at facing the angel, Dean couldn’t help but feel disappointed when he couldn’t find Cas in the kitchen or the library. In fact, after a thorough search of the bunker he realised he couldn’t find him anywhere.
sure of one thing. He couldn’t let the archangel disappear from his life again. Not until he figured his feelings out.
“He was merely given the grace of another angel. It was only a matter of time before it was drained too,” Hannah explained regretfully, “I admit I am partly to blame. I should have realised his limits, he used his powers far too often on our journey. Adina’s grace was wasted quickly.”
