Dean laughed. “But in my defence: You did smell like horseshit. Your natural scent is so much more becoming. And you looked cute, in those too big clothes and the way your hair was a real mess after that bath.”
Benny cleared his throat. “Vic could hardly believe it had been Dagon, but I thought she might be capable of something like that.” Strangely, Benny sounded almost ashamed. “But Victor asked me to talk to her at the office, with him present. And I agreed. Honestly, I thought it could even help to have him there. And it probably did. Dagon is hard to crack, but I think she is loyal to her boss and she wanted to help him get to the bottom of this as much as save her own hide.”
He turned around, assuming it would most likely be Naomi who’d tell him he should have made bigger or smaller slices of pie – and stopped in his movement when he saw Dick Roman, standing only a few feet away from him.
“Of course.” Dean said it with such conviction that it was now Castiel’s turn to look shocked. But before this could end up in an argument about omega labour rights, Dean went on. “Come on, Cas, when was the last time you called in sick? Just one day. They can’t be that strict to not grant you
Hesitantly, Meg nodded. “All right, I guess I’ll have to live with that.” She then smirked. “But don’t complain to me when your mate gets all overprotective and won’t allow you to go anywhere on your own anymore.”
Castiel still stared at the birds with wide eyes – Dean, however, did not seem as surprised, but he was obviously still touched.
Castiel felt restless and left the tent to get some fresh air. He pulled the canvas aside, and in the light glow of their campfire, he could make out Claire, lying on a blanket on the ground. She was rolled up, almost like a cat, and seemingly fast asleep; her light hair gleamed in the night.
Betas seemed to feel their wolves as a different personality as well, but they usually had them better under control than alphas. And just like omegas, they were not quite as strong. Castiel sometimes thought that betas were the ones with submissive, or at least the most compliant wolves – not that he would ever dare to say it out loud.
Being turned into a werewolf came with some obvious benefits: Like his new-found strength or the fact that he could turn into an actual wolf. When he changed form, Castiel’s fur was mostly white, with black ears and black paws, like he was wearing socks. He thought he looked a bit odd – there were no other wolves in his pack so white – and the colouring seemed unfortunate, if only because it could be easily detected in the dark. But he probably had to get used to it since a wolf would never change his appearance. In human form, Castiel looked into the mirror differently now, knowing that he would never age. His hair might still grow, but the colour would remain the same, just like the soft wrinkles around his eyes would not vanish nor deepen. He assumed he should be glad that he had been Changed in his late thirties instead of as a young boy or an old man. And even though he had to get used to the strange look of his wolf, he still loved changing form and running around in the wild. His inner wolf yipped out happily anytime he was allowed to come out. Even though that didn’t happen very often.
Dean let out a growl at her words. She was right. He would not trust any other alpha with Castiel right now. Someone like this Bernard who had tried to take Castiel from Dean after they had arrived. Still, Dean had very conflicting feelings about Rowena’s proposal. On the one hand, he had wanted to be with Castiel since they had arrived – on the other hand, what Rowena proposed sounded like pure torture.
Back at home, the couple prepared some sandwiches together. Dean looked at his mate questioningly whenever he caught Castiel staring at him intently. The omega was trying to figure out what Lisa had meant by
. For a second, he thought about asking Meg about mating procedures in this pack – but he did not really feel like it. She would doubtlessly answer all his questions, in full detail, but not without her sardonic humour. And Castiel had a feeling she would make quite a bit of fun of him and his naïveté.
“That’s not true.” Alfie’s voice was stern, even though his lower lip quivered. “He just thinks that I should look for someone closer to my age. Stupid alpha. And he has never joined any claiming fights over me, because they don’t mean anything yet.”
Before he could yell, however, there was a wet piece of cloth pressed on his mouth, and Castiel quickly lost consciousness.
At night, Dean would knock at Castiel’s door and accompany him to the loud and genial family dinners; and the omega grew more and more fond of the Winchester pack with every passing day. They were kind and funny, and Castiel enjoyed how they interacted with each other. There was an obvious hierarchy in the pack, but not nearly as ostentatious as it had been in Heavensgate. For example, no one seemed to be scared to approach Dean. Yes, most alphas would avoid direct eye-contact for longer than a second – other than Bobby, maybe –, and Castiel noticed how careful they were in phrasing a request, but no one seemed to outright
When Dean and Castiel knocked at their neighbour’s door, Meg seemed very surprised to see Sam and Eileen as well. Castiel had deliberately forgotten to mention he would bring more guests. They had discussed whether to invite the Crowleys over or visit them, but Dean had argued that the other alpha might feel more comfortable in his own territory while he was surrounded by strangers. Also, in his own house, he could not simply leave. Castiel had to admit Dean was right about that last fact – the way he looked at the group in front of him, Crowley would probably have bolted before he’d stepped through their front door.
The alpha turned to Castiel, his brows drawn together. Castiel straightened and opened his mouth to respond to Dean’s reprimand for breaking his promise that would sure come. And the omega was not so sure he had done the right thing anymore. Maybe his friends would have been able to save themselves without his help.
Castiel had understood that Benny had not wanted to make a move until Alfie was old enough to mate, had even understood that he wanted to make sure Alfie kept an open mind about other options and was not led by childlike infatuation, but by now, the whole thing was almost ridiculous. A few months ago, Castiel might have thought that the alpha was just not that interested, but by now, he had caught Benny watching Alfie from afar too often to doubt his feelings.
“I know, this sounds a bit ridiculous. And there have been times, growing up, when I thought the elders were just making up some stories to scare us kids. Dean had never doubted them, though. And as I grew older, I had to admit there was probably more truth to it than I wanted to believe. Dad used to say the Wild Lands tie us closer to nature. For example, we seem to have our wolves better in check; we also shift easier than most. And for generations, the lead alpha was born into the Winchester family.”
“Of course, he did not claim you yet!” Said Sam indignantly at the same time as Meg leaned forwards, with an even brighter smirk than before, and asked: “What do you mean, he never
“I am so sorry, Cas. I’m sorry I was stupid enough to meet with Uriel. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about his texts. I’m sorry I punched him. I’m sorry I…”
me? As your brother, he will probably want the best mate for you. And I am not nearly pretty enough and I’m kind of old and …
Like Dean had planned for them this morning, he and Castiel were on their way to a diner to meet with Benny and Victor for lunch. The place did not seem too inviting and looked a bit dingy overall – certainly not like Dean’s usual choice, the Roadhouse, nor was it the kind of place you would normally choose to meet your best friend’s new partner for the first time. But Castiel had to agree that it would be unlikely for some officer to stumble in on them in such a place, and Benny would probably agree. Hopefully, Victor would see the benefits as well.
Castiel felt another growl, but he wasn’t sure whether it had been his irritable wolf, or just his stomach again. Either way, he should try to figure out where he could find breakfast. A hungry wolf was always testy.
Dean looked at Castiel intently and the omega understood. Dean did not want to be outed as the leader of the rebels right now – not until they knew Gabriel was on their side, or at least not opposing them. Castiel did not blame him. He would make a good hostage, and Gabriel had not presented himself in a way that would endear him to Dean. The alpha probably wondered right now why Castiel had thought that this spoiled nobleman had been a good idea for a surrogate-king in the first place.
“I just meant… you keep saying that you want to mate.” Castiel pulled back, staring at Dean in doubt, so that the alpha quickly went on: “And I want that too, of course. But I would also like to get married. Afterwards. But soon. I wouldn’t want us to wait indefinitely, like Sammy.”
– at the same time as Dean shoved his cock into the omega. And Castiel who had never been particularly fond of possessive behaviour just melted a bit more. Dean’s movements were sharp and fast – and Castiel answered in kind, meeting each of Dean’s thrusts eagerly. Neither man had the patience to drag this out any longer than necessary – and Castiel could feel the beginning of his release after only a couple of strokes.
Castiel rushed up the stairs, convinced he would not have any problems to find Dean’s bedroom by scent – but in the end, he did not get that far since Dean had caught him in the hallway of the upper floor. He pushed Castiel against the wall, both hands on either side of him as he let out a victorious growl. His alpha had obviously enjoyed the little chase. Good to know. Castiel would keep that in mind for later use. Meanwhile, he bared his throat a little to demonstrate he acknowledged the alpha had caught him fair and square.
A few seconds later, he had shifted, and Dean had the presence of mind to open the door for the small wolf.
Dean breathed in deeply and let out another groan – at the same time as the annoying sound of the doorbell echoed through the room again. This time, the alpha surrendered and stood. He grabbed a shirt on the way out and went downstairs. After a hesitant pause, Castiel did the same and followed his alpha to see who was making such a ruckus this early.
“I… just… I didn’t want to stay with Lucifer and I…  I managed to break the bond. But I didn’t know what to do, or where to turn to. Castiel… he was my only friend in the pack, and when I overheard that the Father had sent him here, I just… I didn’t know where else to go. I tried living on my own at first, but…” He stopped and shivered.
right away. He’d already prepared everything for the night, so I don’t mind the change of plans too much.”
“I agree with Jody.” Jess piped in before the alpha could snap back. “Castiel’s story is coherent. There is no reason why we should distrust him.”
Sam leaned back and looked down at him: “Huh. So that’s why you were always so insistent on personal space. You didn’t want Dean to be able to smell you on me.”
A stunned silence followed his words and Castiel feared that maybe he had gone too far. Maybe Dean felt like he was expecting something from him now. He opened his mouth to tell the alpha they would just go from there and see what happened, but stopped when Dean started laughing. Not just laughing – it looked like the alpha was having a hysterical meltdown, tears rolling down his face, whole body shaking. Castiel sat up and looked down at Dean with a hurt expression. As he moved he felt that pain again, and by now, he had a pretty good idea where it came from.
Dean pecked him on the lips and then turned back to the administrator. The man’s face had turned an even deeper shade of red and he still held his head slightly to the side and refrained from any sort of eye contact. “Sir… Alpha… I apologise for any…”
When Dean looked unsure, and maybe even a bit disappointed at the omega’s wordless reply, Castiel explained: “I would love to get married, Dean, if
“Baby, you are already over-stimulated and you will be sore as it is. If I knot you again, you will be really hurting tomorrow.”
“We talked about this, sweetheart. I just found you. And it’s too risky. I’d rather have you here. At least let them find out that I am mated before I present you.”
“I don’t… I don’t have any money,” Castiel said in hardly more than a whisper. He had seen the phone and the laptop on the desk in his room, but hadn’t been sure they were his to use. He still didn’t know whether he was supposed to pay for them.
As soon as they left the Hall, he stopped Dean in his steps and announced: “I would like to see your quarters, Dean.”
“Isn’t that too complicated?” Castiel asked with a cheeky grin, remembering something Dean had said months ago, even though they had taken advantage of their bathroom countless times before.
“Were you watching me? At the well?” The thought was troubling – but better Sam than anyone Castiel did not even know. Like a strange alpha.
“Oh, Castiel, are you feeling unwell?” Alastair’s tone was inappropriately cheery for the worried question.
Castiel felt a pool of warmth spread from his chest through his whole body, not only by the alpha’s words but also the serious expression in his eyes. When Dean left him alone a few minutes later, his wolf still rumbled happily.
“It’s okay, Cas. You have a right to know.” Sam had a concentrated look as he folded the newspaper in front of him. He probably only did it so accurately to gain time to think about his next words. “No, Dean did not turn me. And he never would’ve. Being an alpha, and being as dominant as he is, Dean had a really hard time changing into a werewolf. I think it took him at least two decades to finally come to terms with his new nature. He still seems to think he is some kind of monster. It certainly did not help that he got Changed by an Alpha named Alastair, who was cruel and vicious and expected all his alphas to be like him. One day, Dean got free of him however, and eventually landed in Bobby’s pack.” Castiel opened his mouth to ask a load of questions, but Sam held up a hand. “That’s not my story to tell, Cas. You’d have to ask Dean about it. I wish you good luck, because he usually refuses to talk about the first years after his Change. All I’ll say is that Alastair seemed to have been obsessed with the idea of turning Dean into some sadistic bastard like himself.” Sam licked his lips. “But like I said, he freed himself; then Bobby found him and took him in. And with Dean’s dominance levels, he quickly became the Second of the Pack. And I think he was content in that position. Bobby was like a father to him, and taught him about a different way to lead, and a different way to look at those around you. The whole pack thrived under them.” Sam paused, and Castiel thought about the man he had met two days ago. From the first moment, it had been obvious how much Dean cared about Bobby, and vice versa. Yesterday, the old wolf had even joined them on their feast, to everyone’s obvious surprise. Castiel had been a little intimidated by the former Alpha – he had looked his way the whole night, not in a malicious way, but Castiel had still been nervous. Like when you met the parent of your boyfriend for the first time, which was probably not that far from the truth. After Dean had had his little outburst, Castiel had gently tugged on his bond and then Dean had settled at his side, between Castiel and Kevin, one arm around each. Then Bobby had almost smiled at him, and Castiel had felt relieved; like he had his approval. Seeing them together last night, Castiel could easily depicture Bobby teaching Dean about being a wolf.
Otherwise, the time passed uneventfully, with Castiel mostly lying on the bed, recovering from the loss of the pack bond, and his wounds. He even indulged in hours of self-pity that turned into anger at some point, because Chuck had not told him what his plans were, exactly. At least there was some food, juice and water stored in the motel room, so Castiel did not starve.
And just like during the other times before, Dean cuddled, hold and gently stroked over Castiel until his knot went down. By that time, Castiel was usually too drowsy or even already asleep, so he hardly noticed when Dean fetched a washcloth and some water. He only grumbled when Dean made him drink before he could slumber away again. Every time he had been filled, Castiel felt not only sated but also like he was ready to doze off into a coma for weeks; but in reality, he just woke up an hour later, ready for his alpha to take him again.
Castiel looked up and saw Dean had an eyebrow raised at him. Then the alpha chuckled – and Castiel’s eyes widened. He had somehow unconsciously leaned over to Dean, to breathe in his scent deeper. It was not like he had buried his nose in the crock of the alpha’s neck, but he was not that far from it.
Castiel smiled as Dean brushed his lips over his nape, brief and light, hardly noticeable. Then Dean let out a low, rumbling chuckle, and Castiel turned his head a little to watch Kevin tackle Jack to the ground, a ball rolling out between their feet. Just two weeks ago, the two young men had both started at university together; different majors, different classes and schedules, but they left the house at the same time and returned home together every day. They seemed to have gotten even closer than they had been before; so much so that Castiel sometimes watched them with something close to suspicion. He had once tried to talk to Dean about it, but his Alpha had only shrugged and said: “Jack’s still a pup, Cas. Both his wolf and his human side. Leave them be, for now.” Castiel did not really know what to make of that. But he had the daunting feeling that Dean understood something he did not.
would be the nicest word. He also had to admit that he felt tempted. The alpha opposite him was handsome as hell. Gosh, he would have never even thought about approaching someone so attractive, believing he would not have a chance anyway. And now, this day of all days, a man like that just walked up to him and offered to help him through his heat. He almost assumed that Gabriel had called some heat services after all – but he would never be so cruel to let the guy pretend he had just coincidentally started to flirt with Castiel on the first day of his heat.
But Dean was not only a good hunter or simply handsome. He had also made him feel safe. Castiel trusted the alpha somehow, and his comforting scent smelled like
“This isn’t funny, Dean!” Castiel almost yelled, horrified at the outlook that Dean might have to spend any length of time in prison.
“Ha!” Said Dean and looked at Castiel – who only raised his eyebrow. “Told you he was the most likely suspect.”
Castiel quickly looked around the living room as well as the modern open-space kitchen with the too wide dinner table and scrunched his nose. It was all glass and shiny metal, no wood or other warm and grounding material. Even the leather couch looked like it would stay cold no matter how long you sat on it. If Castiel had stepped into that home in any other context, he would have disliked the owners right away. So he guessed his colleagues had done a good job – for he was sure he could never like anyone who lived in a community like Little Heaven.
“For encouraging me to talk to Claire. I think you might have been right and it helps to just have someone who understands.”
At the gate of the castle, Charlie, Kevin, Alfie, Benny and Jo as well as the alpha Victor were already waiting. Jo was the only one still in human form, but as soon as Dean and Castiel joined them, she began to take off her tunic. Castiel fixed his gaze to the floor. By the time, Dean started to open his pants, he practically examined the pebbles beneath his nose.
Castiel could only blink in confusion. Abruptly, Crowley sat down on the chair next to him and mumbled, more to himself than anyone else: “I wonder… when is the next time Kevin will be in heat… maybe I could bring him to that meeting with Dick Roman…Ow!”
This story will be about 14 chapters long, with roughly 60k words in total. I have already written a complete first draft and only need to edit bits and pieces. I plan to update once or twice a week (depending on how much time I find).
He walked into the kitchen, somewhat hesitantly, and found a young man sitting at the table, reading what seemed to be a comic book. He looked up and had a warm smile on his face. A subtle sniff told Castiel that the young man was another omega. He felt instantly relieved. He had hoped he would be all alone for his late breakfast, but if he had to deal with a stranger –
The bear looked at Castiel then back at the man who was running away from them. The unknown alpha had managed to put some distance between him and the beast already, but Castiel was convinced that Dean could easily catch him in a few quick moves. He had never seen one in the flesh before, but Castiel had heard that bears could be surprisingly fast for something so bulky. Dean let out a low snarl, seemingly ready to pounce. But then Castiel looked at the dead man on the ground. And he remembered when Dean had told him he did not enjoy killing. The memory felt like a warm flame in Castiel’s chest.
“…so there should be no risk anyway. I don’t want you two to deliberately provoke an attack. Just settle in and see what you can find out. I have already called Garth Fitzgerald, who will help you to act as a believable couple. Charlie will fake all the documents you need. And then there is Rowena McLeod.” Jody grimaced. “She works with the Federal Investigators and will give you more insight about the deceased couples and how to mimic them. You are scheduled to work with her for the next two days.”
“No harm in being thorough,” Sam insisted. “You two just wait here and let us have a look.” He raised from the sofa, and because Dean had not made any attempt to follow so far, maybe hoping Eileen would interrupt again, he added: “Dean. Outside. Now.”
“So what? You think that he was secretly trying to ogle your goods? That he had been in love with you for years, because no one who would be remotely interested in alphas could possibly resist you? That he savoured every fleeting touch?” Castiel asked with a lifted eyebrow.
.  Jack was almost always in a good mood; he laughed easily and would often be content to just sit on someone’s lap and watch the adults around him. Claire was a lot more demanding. If she did not get a change of scenery every fifteen minutes or so, she would get bored. And when Claire got bored, she tried to entertain herself. Currently, she was reaching for every glass, plate or cutlery in her vicinity. Preferably a knife or something equally dangerous. Which meant that Castiel hardly managed to eat anything at all. He would just have to wait for someone to finish their food first and take the little she-devil off his hands – one benefit of having a big family was that you could always rely on someone for help.
While they were walking back in the direction of the precinct, Castiel mulled over Roman’s alibi. He had not really considered him a suspect before – mostly because for the last two days he had only been interested to prove who had
In the end, Dean and Benny even set a date for the night, intending to meet at the Roadhouse and talking over a few beers. Castiel had frowned a bit at the idea – he himself didn’t like to go out on a Full Moon. There were usually more brawls and quarrels than any other nights. But he had wanted the two men to talk, so he was not going to argue now. Besides, Dean could take care of himself. But it seemed like the alpha had only realised
Castiel was one of the teachers and he enjoyed his time with the pups. With him being an omega, he thought this was about the only thing he was supposed to do. Although Dean sometimes asked him if he was happy with his work, and Castiel usually affirmed he was very content in this new pack. He also explained to Dean that he really would not know what else to do, as he had spent the last years housekeeping for Michael and reading books he could now narrate to the children.
“Yes. I departed from Veenah ten days ago and agreed with Michael that his brother would follow in less than a week. Without a carriage and much luggage, the journey should take about five days. Maybe longer if they don’t all ride on horseback.”
Castiel took a deep breath – he had no reason to be afraid of accidental claiming. He was on the strongest suppressors pharmacy ever came up with. With one weekly pill, he dampened his scent (at a distance he could even go by as a beta and thus be not harassed as much), deferred his heat to only once a year (and not having to call in sick every 6-8 weeks), prevented getting pregnant or being accidentally claimed by an alpha. Of course, there were downsides to the medication such as heavy migraines, emotional and mental stress and after a while your chances of getting with child became pretty slim. Newer studies also indicated an increased risk for brain cancer if you took the medication for an extended period.
He walked out without another word and resisted the temptation to turn around again, just to see their dumbfounded faces.
Again, with the pleading eyes. Dean certainly did not want to have Lucifer’s son in his pack – even if it was only an imagined one – but maybe it was worth observing him for a while. If he kept him close, he could make sure he was not passing on any information. And maybe he would make a usable hostage one day. Or maybe Jack was telling the truth and his supposed father would want him back. He could be useful, his wolf thought. Or a danger to the whole pack, Dean added.
It had taken a while for the alphas in the courtyard to notice the two omegas, but in an instant, their training just got more aggressive. Most of them were about Alfie’s age and they seemingly tried to impress the omega. Benny, however, did not once look up, completely focused on the training session. Alfie’s birthday had been last week and after that, most of the younger alphas had started to act up again. Alfie had not talked about their behaviour to Castiel though. And suddenly, he wondered about that.
He would not have imagined waiting. To dance around each other in a way that sometimes almost pained him. His wolf was still patient, but Dean wanted to touch and kiss – to protect. To have the right to do so. He wanted to rub himself all over Castiel so his scent would stick to him, and everyone would know he belonged to him. In that matter, the wolf was even more urgent than the human part of him, considering how much scent meant to the beast. He didn’t mind seeing Castiel with other pack members – he was even glad that he seemed to have found his place so fast – but when he watched Castiel sparring with Ketch or get some combat tips from Cole, he would definitely prefer if the omega smelled like him. But he had a feeling that Castiel would just tense up again if he tried to scent mark him in human form. It
“Of course it matters. And of course it still rattles you. You’d hardly be human if it didn’t. So, again, I’m sorry. It will not happen again.”
There was an awkward silence for a couple of minutes in which Castiel had to process what he just heard. He couldn’t say that he liked the idea of his mate sleeping around and beating up anyone who gave him the slightest reason – no matter how capable they might have been to defend themselves – but he also believed that Dean had never been deliberately cruel.
Dean laughed again, this time more honest. He had heard from Gabriel personally that most Veenahians seemed to think the people of Winchester were not too interested in hygiene. But he had no idea how they could be any better if they did not even want to take off their clothes.
While Castiel still wondered if paranoia was infectious, the two officers sat down at a window. Charlie still watched him intently and finally stated:
He had tried to sound amused, but Castiel could see that Lucifer was really irritated that his son had such a simple, common name. It brought a smug smile on Castiel’s face. He came from a religious family with mostly strange names from the Book – Gabriel had just lucked out. It had been some form of rebellion to name his son simply
? He, Castiel? His heartbeat picked up again. Could it be that easy, and he just had to pretend to still be unconscious until Dean had enough time to find him?
he wanted to talk to. And soon Castiel had found a new favourite pastime: Whenever he saw Dean with one of his friends, Castiel decided to sneak up on the alpha. He knew he was quiet – Gabriel often threatened to put a bell around his neck – and he had to admit he enjoyed it immensely whenever he could make the pack leader twitch. He knew he should not feel so smug about it, but he was. It helped that though Dean often grumbled a little, he never seemed angry. Sometimes he even made a joke about Castiel’s stealthiness.
It was not only Castiel who looked at Benny with sudden suspicion, but Dean frowned at him, and Charlie even leaned forwards and whispered to him: “Are you planning to change your profession, Benny?”
He registered that someone opened the door – and then his nose picked up an unknown scent. From an unclaimed werewolf. He growled in frustration. Damn, of course they would get interrupted. Things never got smoothly in the life of Dean Winchester. He pushed Castiel back, in an unconscious attempt to keep him safe from whatever was about to happen, and ran down the stairs; his senses now fully alert and focused on the newcomer. The disappointment of having to break away from his Mate probably made him more edgy than the situation would have called for.
Castiel caught himself various times while he was thinking about a life where he had to visit his mate in a cell. He almost desperately looked forward to his next heat and hoped it would come unusually early, because if Rogers managed to take Dean away from him, Castiel at least wanted to wear the alpha’s mark. He knew he was not being his rational self in that regard, but he didn’t really care. Of course, he never talked about it with Dean anymore, because he knew that the alpha did not want him to be claimed if there was no hope for them to be together in the future. Castiel thought it was more likely that Dean would try to persuade him to start a new life if he ever got convicted. But Castiel did not want to think about that possible argument just yet.
“There has been a slight change of plans. Mr. Crowley will not be joining us today. However, we are delighted to be accompanied by Mr. Dean Winchester, the CEO of WinSec himself. Mr. Winchester, may I introduce you to Castiel Novak, one of our counsels. He helped with the project.”
if he refused. And he did not want Jack to feel more like an outsider than was absolutely necessary. Fortunately, the young alpha seemed to be oblivious at the other’s attempts to keep their eyes on him, or maybe he did not think it was unusual that wolves would only run in groups, especially when there was an omega involved. But Castiel could see right through Dean’s genius plan to never leave Castiel alone with the young alpha, at least not outside the house. Even though he tried to be understanding, Castiel got a little testy anytime someone trotted along with them.
Castiel nodded, grateful that he didn’t have to ask. He would not take anyone home if he had not smelled them before.
Again, Castiel nodded, this time clearly embarrassed, but Jody just pointed her head to some nearby bushes.
Dean! In front of everyone! Suddenly, all the cat calls and lewd remarks made sense. He remembered that the alpha almost always leaned in towards him, even scent-marked him when they were alone, but he had never gone further than that. Intending to be as honest as possible, Castiel asked his question out loud, his complexion a deep red by now.
But instead of the soppy reply Castiel had almost expected, Dean had just turned completely quiet. And Castiel had panicked. Had it been too soon? But he had just moved in. That was not too soon, was it? What was the right timing here?
“Just take it and think about it.” True to her reputation, the beta doctor obviously wanted the omega to be able to make his own decision – without the interference from his alpha mate.
But Castiel did not even look at him. Following his instincts, he marched straight toward the bed and took the phone. It had a sticker of Scooby Doo on the back. Castiel frowned at it and it took another while until he connected the dots. But Jack’s fevered expression made it clear that Castiel had just discovered something important. Then he realised he had seen that exact phone before. Months ago.
Castiel imagined he would have forgotten all about a possible meeting with Uriel, would have stayed patiently at his desk until Dean was done and they would both leave for home in the alpha’s Impala – if not for Dean’s reaction. The alpha stood up, and then looked down at Castiel with a mixture of worry and … pity?
They dug a hole together and buried their clothes. It would still be easy enough to detect, but they hardly had another option. When they were done covering their tracks as well as possible, Anna once licked over Castiel’s ear encouragingly, turned around and ran straight into the wide forest, followed by Balthazar.
He would be lying if he denied that he was anxious to arrive at Loki as quickly as possible – and he was more than a little scared that he and Dean would run into Michael’s guards again.
Castiel briefly glanced at Dean as they both took chairs opposite Gabriel’s. The alpha was not able to hide his disdain – and Castiel could hardly explain to him right now that he believed this spoiled rich man attitude was just an act. Gabriel did not mind when people underrated him – it made it easier for him to stab them in the back. Or rather in the front, preferably with a wide smile. Loki was only a small city state – but it was wealthy. Made so by cunning trading deals with other countries that usually favoured Loki’s economy.
But Garth shook his head vigorously. “No. We heard you and your men arrive a minute ago, and Lord John specifically told me to get you and bring you to him
. Even with his alpha fully pressed against him, he was not in the slightest aroused. After all, he had just been in a life-threatening situation, was hurting and still in the room with a wolf’s body and head – spread to two ends of the room. Not to mention the stench of blood around. But even though his mind was definitely not in the mood for mating – he could imagine a week of cuddling with his alpha however – his body obviously had other ideas.
“So, is this how the application procedure works around here? Someone picks a fight with you and then you evaluate their abilities?” Castiel was surprised how easy it came to him to tease his alpha in front of his friends. If only a little.
The three of them were seated at the kitchen table again, and Jody had accepted a cup of coffee like the peace offering Dean had meant it to be.
“Now that you know that your True Heat has started over Dean Winchester, the very man you came here to marry --- how about we call him up? So he can do his duty and take care of you.”
“Ah, the beekeeper leaves. It is really fortunate that both your neighbours decided to be away for the weekend – so no one will mind if things get a little bit loud.”
This was so embarrassing. No matter what Dean had said about the cold and such. And what had the alpha even meant when he had mumbled that it had not been
“Alright, alright.” Dean got off the bed and walked stark naked towards the door. “You take a shower, while I make some toast and coffee.” He turned around again and put a quick kiss on Castiel’s forehead, palming his cheek gently. “This is gonna be all right, Cas. I promise.” When he finally left for the stairs, Castiel instantly missed the alpha.
. I know you are the leaders of said rebels, kiddo, and I have a mind of chopping your head off for getting my baby nephew into trouble. Using him like that to get to me. And who knows what could have happened to him on the way.” Gabriel crossed his arms with a triumphant glint in his eyes. “I just hope Meg has shot you full of silver – I really wouldn’t want an angry bear in here, ruining all this precious porcelain.”
But then his smile just widened, because he might not actually need a keepsake for future daydreams. Dean had said he would like to take him out on a date. And he had not seemed to be deterred by the fact that Castiel had a child. The omega felt just a little queasy because they had not yet set a date. But in all honesty, Castiel would not know what to propose if Dean asked him right now – Jack liked staying with one of his uncles well enough, but after a whole weekend he was sometimes a bit miffed, and Castiel did not want to call in a babysitter next week again already.
deserves better? Together, we could send him to the best schools and universities while you could support him without having to work. I’m sure he could accomplish great things. Has he presented yet?”
Dean grunted as he kept pushing up into Castiel’s tight heat. He almost seemed to wait for something. The omega was still dazed from his orgasm, but he realised --- there was still something missing.
As he looked at Dean and the set table, he suddenly noticed how small his room was. Tiny, really. Actually, there seemed no space for anything else but Dean. And the bed.
“Are you full?” Jack hardly dared to nod. “Good. Sam will find you some clean clothes and then show you to your room. Be down here for breakfast at seven sharp tomorrow. You come with me to the garage and earn your stay. Until then, you should get some sleep.”
Dean was about to give a sharp reply, but then he made the mistake of looking at the two men next to him. Castiel watched him with pleading eyes, and Sam had his puppy-look on his face.
“My lord, I am Ambriel and here to look after your needs. Prince Gabriel would like to welcome you to his palace. But only if you are well. Otherwise, I will send you some lunch up and you can rest until dinner.”
Castiel sat up and moved to the side, not touching Dean anymore, and the alpha rose to a sitting position as well, frowning.
But since he was about to leave his newly claimed omega alone with a stranger – Castiel thought Dean was rather collected for an alpha in this kind of situation.
His inner omega purred at the mere thought, and Castiel felt like he lost the ground beneath his feet again. Luckily, it was only metaphorically this time and he did not stumble. What was happening? He could feel himself getting attached to that alpha in front of him, an alpha he had only known for one day. And yes, it might have been impressive how Dean had caught that rabbit in one quick move or how he strived through the forest with a confidence like he owned the place and every beast would just politely keep out of his way – but surely that was not enough reason for his omega to start
The guard beamed at the omega and suddenly embraced Dean, which looked more than a bit awkward since the alpha did not move a muscle. “Good for you, Dean! I knew there was someone who could melt that big heart beneath your tough-guy-façade. You deserve someone who makes you happy!”
call you to my bed in the future.” Lucifer looked at his hands like he was polishing his nails. “That is, assuming there will be something left of you.”
Gabriel dismounted, and he and Dean walked towards each other. They halted at a short distance, nodded almost unnoticeably and avoided direct eye-contact.
Castiel looked down at the sparring alpha and felt the strange desire to hit him with a heavy brick. Then, he tried to picture the scene with Bela in his mind. Suddenly, he had a thought.
There was a smile in Benny’s eyes and Castiel returned it. While they walked back to the palace, Castiel felt almost bad for having been anything but amiable to the alpha for the last month. He did not seem as scary to him anymore.
The omega felt slightly guilty, because as much as he would have wanted to see the play with Sam under normal circumstances, he knew he had agreed to meet with the beta the next day mostly because he could not bear to lose the only lead to his Mate.
And Castiel followed Dean hesitantly. They trotted up the stairs, Dean glancing at Castiel every other second as Castiel’s steps slowed down involuntarily. His mouth had turned as dry as a desert.
“Hey, Cas.” The alpha flashed a smile that had his eyes crinkle – and made him look even more attractive than before. “You feeling better?”
Naomi walked to her side of the desk and looked out the window when she started talking without preamble: “So, this new status of yours came as a surprise. I am sure, none of us would have expected for you to get mated in this lifetime.” She said those words in such a matter-of-fact tone that Castiel didn’t know if the subtle insult was even intended. “I am guessing you are here to…” Naomi sniffed, then she obviously forgot what she was about to say and sneered instead: “Winchester.” She bared her teeth for a second, glaring at Castiel. “Is that what happens when I allow omegas to participate in a meeting? They throw themselves at the next best client?”
Then suddenly, Castiel’s ears twitched. He shoved the alpha off him and vanished into darker woods, leaving behind a dumbfounded Dean. For a second, he hoped it was an invitation to chase, but Castiel had not acted like that at all. Dean rather feared he had taken things too far – he had rubbed himself all over Castiel after all. While Dean was still undecided what he should do – run after him, or sent someone else to look for his omega, which would have been more than a little bit embarrassing, to be honest – Castiel already returned, with a squirrel in his mouth. He let the dead animal fall to the ground and looked proudly at Dean.
Castiel could feel a smile tug at his lips. He had to admit most people would have already shied away from his look. He knew people thought he was a bit ----
With a soft shake of his head, he tried to evoke some more happy memories. Of Claire, who had been so confident and excited on her first Full Moon and who was relentlessly improving her skills. He had known after a week that he would someday lose her to her own pack. He just hoped he would have enough time to teach her everything she needed to know to find her own way until then. He also hoped his heart would not break if she took Alex and Jody with her, maybe even Kevin. Then he thought about Garth who was a bit clumsy but still made a surprisingly good catch on every other hunt. And of course, he had also run along Crowley who seemed to believe that hunting deer was simply beneath him – Dean knew better than to trust the rumours that Crowley just wasn’t capable to catch anything – but who would always prepare a delicious meal for the whole pack. And at last, he thought about hunting through his territory with Castiel. Who had looked so proud with that puny squirrel between his fangs. At that memory, Dean let out a low chuckle.
Castiel thought about that for a moment, surprised. “No, I thought you were just gushing about your wonderful partner.”
kid had had quite an effect on Dean’s own food choices. It was not like he completely resigned from eating meat these days – thankfully, Jack did not expect the grown-ups to follow his good example, and Castiel enjoyed a good steak or a cheeseburger himself every once in a while – but more often than he liked, Dean found himself eating some vegan curry or vegetable lasagne or potatoes au gratin. And sometimes, even when it was his turn to cook, Dean found himself too lazy to add some greasy bacon or any other
“Other eng…? Of course not. I just mean we could go tomorrow. Maybe have a quick lunch.” Dean drew a deep breath like he was about to make some extensive plans for the next day. However, Castiel did not give him the chance.
Sam, who stood behind the pretend couple looked at his brother in obvious surprise, but there was also a smile tugging at his mouth. Eileen just looked at Crowley with a deep frown. She did not seem to be impressed by him.
“Good morning, Castiel. Where are you heading to?”  Castiel had never met the alpha before so he was a bit surprised to be addressed by name.
we are only to tell if we get busted as not-actually-mated. Or when someone notices you sneaking around.”
“Leave him be, Crowley. This is not your concern.” It was Ellen who rescued Castiel, Bobby close behind her. But the older alpha studied the omega with a frown of his own.
“My fault? My fault you hid evidence or blackmailed people for police protection? My fault you couldn’t keep a new job without getting too greedy for your own good? My fault you
He pushed Dean back and got rid of his own pants, wanting nothing more than have Dean’s hands on his skin – and it did feel so much better when Dean’s hands wandered over his undressed thighs. He hardly noticed when the alpha pushed him back down on the bed, too distracted by the overload of sensations Dean sparked throughout his body. Dean was lying on top of him, hands everywhere, teeth on Castiel’s neck and the omega could do nothing but hold onto Dean’s shoulders while their cocks brushed against each other in a wonderful teasing feeling. It was too much and not enough.
“Yeah, I had just lost in a fight against Dean when Jess told me she wanted to be my mate. And that brings me to a very important fact, Castiel: The omega is always the one who chooses their mate. Alphas might challenge each other as much as they like – the omega picks whomever they want from the group of alphas and betas which are trying to win them over. And that might be the strongest or most aggressive one – or it might be the most sensitive or the smartest. And the omega always sets the pace – whether there will be a short courtship, or the omega chooses to wait for years. And usually, an omega has a whole line of admirers, waiting for a chance to win them over.”
Jack frowned, and then quickly looked up at Castiel. The omega gave a quick nod at the question in his son’s eyes.
“Well, more than we could have hoped for.” Balthazar lifted a hand, and for the first time, Castiel could see how crippled the fingers on his left hand were.
“No, don’t say anything. I don’t want you to. Take your time.” Dean had still tried to say something, but Castiel interrupted him again. “I would feel like I forced you to say it now.”
With inhuman speed, he walked two doors over, where Charlie, Claire and Rowena stood in the doorframe to Charlie’s apartment and didn’t manage to close the door in time.
“No, not yet.” Alfie answered. Castiel looked around the courtyard and only now noticed that, in the last ten minutes or so, shifters had gathered around at the sides of the yard below as well as among the wall.
But Dean’s touch had made him tingle all over even before his heat, had it not? And Castiel was not so stupid to completely ignore the way he had reacted to every smile of Dean with one of his own.
From day one, Castiel had lived in peace with his wolf and changing form had come easily to him – a typical trait on an omega, as he had learned.
. Can you believe that? There’s also… Dean gave me a few tips to control my wolf. Like when I get angry, I should rather just focus on something to
Castiel noticed he was rambling and stopped mid-speech as Dean had started to laugh. Then the alpha winked, walked towards Castiel and pulled his arms around his waist again. “You saying you want me here, naked and ready, the whole weekend?”
“Company policy?” Dean asked with a sneer. “Which company would that be? As far as I know, you are unemployed at the moment.”
“Then let’s go. We’ll need at least two more days before we arrive at the border.” He glanced Castiel over with a calculating look. “Maybe three. And we should use the daylight as long as we can. We’ll rest at night.”
When Castiel was finished, Crowley clapped a few times in his hands, slowly, and then asked: “Well that was all very interesting. Aren’t we lucky that Castiel here knows so much about the Western territories? Where was your pack originally from, Castiel? What did you say?”
“You want me to show you to Garth and the pups or would you rather sit in some actual lessons with the bigger kids?”
Cesar and Jesse had kept a wide distance from Castiel too as they left a rabbit and packed up a few things, doing everything possible to make this no more embarrassing for Castiel than necessary.
The stranger noticed his look and held the horn up. “Wisent are smart. They know the sound from Crowley’s hunts and usually run as fast as they can whenever they hear it. That is what you get when you turn a hunt into a circus. No prize.” Before Castiel could reply anything to that statement – not that he knew what he would have said – the green-eyed man added: “You’re Castiel, I assume? Royal omega of Veenah?”
“Yeah, I know.” Sam smiled tensely. “But even so, I should at least have listened to my brother and not just dispatch his arguments as jealousy or possessiveness. Of course, Dean’s arguments weren’t that easy to pick out between the yelling.” Sam chuckled without humour.
Castiel felt panic rise inside him, and he hurried back to the bedroom. Listening to his instincts, he pulled a chair beneath the door handle. But he did not feel any safer – he felt trapped.
Castiel held himself up on his elbows and looked down at the alpha with a look of outrage on his face. He wanted to get up? Now?
“No!” She took a deep breath. “No. I should do this alone. It is my fault, after all. I should have told you… I just thought you would ask Dean after the Counsel. You know, in more private surroundings. I just wanted to see his face when…” Suddenly, she let out a nervous chuckle. “But I will be honest with you: That look on Dean’s face was almost worth it.”
the police station, at least not at normal office hours. Half of the time he came in at erratic intervals, the other half he stayed at home altogether – Castiel assumed his paranoia hindered him to even leave his house some days. But he could not be sure, because even when they were in the office at the same time, Frank hardly ever talked to Castiel about personal matters. Or to anyone, really.
“But … do you want children? Hypothetically?” Castiel could not believe he had just asked that. But it seemed utterly important right now. And, considering their situation, it was a legitimate question.
Unlike last night, this time Castiel did not try to rush things. He breathed in deeply, letting the alpha’s arousal overwhelm his senses and rubbed his cheek along the thick cock. Dean rumbled appreciatively. Then Castiel opened his mouth and took him in, slowly, inch by inch.
was not thinking with his upstairs head and made us a bad deal.” Crowley turned to Castiel, bowing oddly to the side since the omega was standing behind Dean. “Not that I blame you, of course. To be honest, I think this was a brilliant scheme.”
“Oh no. Actually, Michael has told me specifically that this is my decision to make.” Castiel was still baffled by that statement. He was not sure what Dean had cleared up with him, though. It had to wait for another time. “But it was them who just informed me about your courtship to begin with.”
Dean absent-mindedly stirred the dinner he had prepared for Jack, frowning slightly at the pot before him – filled only with vegetables.
Six hours later, Castiel felt exhausted. Who would have thought that arguing with your uncle whilst sitting in a comfortable chair could be just as strenuous as hiking through rough forest ground for days.
As it turned out, Crowley had been Gavin Prince’s biological father, even though he had never taken any active role in the boy’s life. He told it like it was no big deal, because he had no love for this boy who he had never known – but Castiel assumed there was more sentiment to him than he wanted to let on. After all, he had hired a detective, switched jobs and moved to Little Heaven to find his son’s murderer. That didn’t exactly sound like he was indifferent.
Castiel tried to sit up, but either he was still too tired, or his body didn’t like to listen to him anymore. Either way, his limbs felt too heavy to move. He did not know how long he had lain here, but maybe Dean was already aware what had happened. Maybe he had called back-up. Castiel tried to cling to the hope that Dean would soon burst through the door like a knight in shining armour. He might even let him make fun of the helpless omega afterwards. Castiel looked at Alastair again, and only now noticed the big knife in his hands. He thought he had seen it before but could not remember where or when.
Involuntarily, Castiel smiled. He liked the thought that he would not be alone with his worries – because Alfie was right: Dean would sure cause him some sleepless nights, voluntarily and other wise.
“I am not a child that needs you to make the right decision for them. I know I should not go out alone, I am not stupid or reckless. But neither do I need you to keep an eye on me all the time, assuming the brainless omega will place himself in danger elsewise.”
Dean slowly raised from the floor, and Castiel and Sam stood up as well. Dean took Castiel’s hand in his. “I was reckless, and stupid. I was not prepared for two people and wanted to get the gun from the kitchen – but then Lilith dropped a vase on my head and I only remember waking up tied to a chair. Still, I thought I could stall until Sammy would come.” He let a hand wander over Castiel’s chest in a featherlight touch. “I am so sorry you got hurt.”
The question surprised Castiel: Dean wondered if he had a good doctor? It was a widely known secret that many students who failed their exams settled for being omega physicians since the requirements weren’t as strict. Society was alright with that.
“I don’t think so. If your strong alpha would come home any moment, why did you arrive with his brother? He’s probably too busy to take care of your heat.” Alastair sighed. “Lilith has often been too busy. And your alpha must have sent Sammy here so you wouldn’t get any ideas and open your legs for another man. You know, I’m almost sad that he isn’t here. I might have let him help you with your heat. Sometimes, I like to watch. You remember when I watched the two of you before?” Alastair chuckled. “Oh, yes, you told other people you’ve always been
“It’s not about him… I mean…” Castiel paused, not knowing how to explain his situation without making it worse.
“What’s up, Cas? Had another great conversation with Mr. Super-Alpha? Did you tell him again he pronounced
Castiel’s body twitched, but not in the way he had intended to. And the next second, he felt a knife at his throat.
As Benny slowly walked away, Castiel could see that everyone was watching the scene, no one daring to move. Apart from their group, there were about a dozen people around, some of them baring their necks in Dean’s direction. And some were glaring at Castiel with open hostility. The omega cowered in on himself as much as possible, almost like he was trying to make himself invisible.
Suddenly, Castiel could hardly smell the sharp spices around him anymore, his own bitter scent overshadowing anything else.
will ask you to marry them once I claimed you, I might just punch them. That’s really bad taste. Asking a mated omega to marry
“Some of your colleagues were here. They had a search warrant and were obviously looked for something. But I don’t think they found it.”
“But maybe… maybe…” Castiel licked his lips but before he could remember what he wanted to say, he was interrupted:
“Allrighty,” said Donna, and led Castiel back to the camp. She had an arm around his shoulder, which felt nice if not as good as Dean’s had.
“I gave her the fight she wanted.” He shrugged and Jody looked more than a little bit shocked. “Hey, no bones were broken. We also took a long run and I had her chop some wood. Turns out, this is surprisingly effective. After that, we also might have talked a bit.”
“Not gonna tell you that,” Dean replied with a grin, like he was pleased with the question. “But to have someone in the royal family on our side would be a great advantage.”
Castiel did not feel embarrassed anymore. He felt like there was suddenly a hole where his stomach had been.
This time, Dean’s smile seemed real and there was honest amusement glinting in the alpha’s eyes. But Castiel did not give him a moment to comment further as he rushed upstairs to get changed.
, it was not of their concern anyway. Everyone knew that werewolves lived by their own rules, and as long as no humans got hurt, they would be left to their own understanding of justice. Humans never got involved in the politics of the werewolf world. But even so, Castiel was marvelled that the people of their city seemed to be surprisingly underwhelmed by the whole affair. He had assumed that they would be scared, or at least reluctant, for some time, towards their local wolves – after two dozen shifters had been found dead near the pack quarters. But since the strangers had come to their territory, everyone seemed to believe that the Winchesters had only defended themselves after they had been attacked without further provocation – and as much as the werewolves liked to keep pack life secret, even the most ignorant humans knew that shifters were very proprietorial of their lands, and did not tolerate any strange wolves to pass through. Much less a whole pack. So, obviously, the stranger’s intentions couldn’t have been good. It probably also helped that some wolves, like Jody, had worked in the police force for decades, which made the communication a lot easier than it might have been otherwise. And of course, Crowley had managed to let only the right kind of information seep through to the press, the kind that painted a repugnant – but still realistic – picture of the attacking wolves. Castiel had seen various headlines about the brave shifters who had defended their home against the evil sort of werewolves. And there had been once again much speculation as to who might be the local pack Alpha. Crowley still seemed to be most people’s first guess. But Jody obviously had climbed up in the rankings and made a close second – to her dismay. Dean still got hardly mentioned, which puzzled Castiel because it was so obvious to every
“You seem awfully well informed – for a nomad. As I understand, the Wandering Wolves are not that interested in larger packs’ politics. You just roam the country and try to find work.”
“And to be beaten to death with granddad’s old cane? That is just poetic. Anyways, Castiel, it was nice talking to you again. Tell you alpha thanks from me.”
Immediately, Jack sat up straight and looked at his father with wide eyes: “Someone stole the key to the training cabin! You know, where all our equipment is.”
“Are you both uninjured?” Castiel nearly stumbled over the words; he had been anxious to ask ever since he had looked into Anna’s eyes.
Six months ago, the couple had moved out from the spacious apartment in the city to a nice house in the suburbs. And Castiel loved it – the house generated a much more domestic atmosphere than a flat ever could.  And he liked the big garden where they let flowers and bushes grow in disarray, unlike the other homes around them which were surrounded by artfully planted flower beds. Castiel enjoyed being surprised which flower would join which and he still didn’t know much about gardening, so when the first leaves would crawl out of the ground, he had no idea what kind of blossom it might get. Next spring though, Missouri would probably put an end to the flower bed chaos. Or so he feared.
Castiel raised his chin. He did not like the condescending tone. He had fought off Abaddon, then managed to survive in the wild for five days. And who was to say he would not have been able to deal with the wisent himself. Maybe they would have even left him alone. He was about to say as much, even though he had been fairly certain that they had been about to attack, but Castiel did not get the chance as the stranger spoke again.
“As you already know, Uriel died from a blow to the back of his head with a hard object. We don’t know for sure what the murder weapon is yet, but:” He made a pause for dramatic reasons, but Castiel only wanted to strangle him, “we have an idea of what it might have been. Uriel’s assistant came in today, and according to her, the only thing that’s missing is Uriel’s cane. Seriously, a cane? You once fell for a guy who occasionally uses a cane? Without needing it for medical reasons?” After another angry look from Castiel, Balthazar went on: “Anyway, it might have been the murder weapon. The size and the weight seem to fit.”
“True. But just because I am ready to do anything for my pack, doesn’t mean I would always enjoy doing it.”
Beside him, Dean huffed out a laugh and squeezed Castiel’s hand a little tighter, but the omega frowned.
, and partly because Sam was another omega. There were not many of those in this line of work, and Castiel was glad to have some form of role-model. Because that was how he saw Sam Winchester. The tall man was confident and even worked as a detective instead of hiding behind a desk. On top of that, he was not using any scent blockers. And Castiel envied him this boldness.
When he felt strong arms around his waist, Castiel turned quickly around, ready to defend himself against any possible attacker, even though he did not feel threatened at all.
“I saw Naomi giving you the talk,” she said in a tone that indicated she had suffered the same fate.
his brother involved in the operation – and by that, he had someone he could share his personal difficulties with as well as the professional ones. Dean cleared his throat, then added: “I just told him everything is fine and well, and we already met a suspect.”
Castiel was glad someone acknowledged what he was going through, but he did not want her to worry. “At least I already know Dean. It had been a lot worse when I was still imagining I would have to marry some barbaric demon.”
“What!” Castiel choked on the last bite of his sandwich and coughed for a whole minute while Balthazar looked smug. “You know about the murder weapon?”
“Yes, please, Castiel. Go and tell our Alpha that you are in favour of his courtship. It is not becoming of a brother of mine to act like a … tease.”
“An anonymous tip, called in this morning. And like the caller claimed, we just found the murder weapon in a container behind your apartment building. Must say, I thought you were smarter than that, Winchester.”
“Of course I’m happy to see you,” Castiel mumbled as he rested his head on Dean’s shoulder. Now that he knew Dean had not done anything stupid – though Crowley still might have – he allowed himself to relax in Dean’s embrace. “I just… this is a bit sudden. I talked to Crowley this morning and he wouldn’t tell me anything. No one would. I was so sure they would keep you under arrest for a while. And now you’ve already been waiting here for me… you should have told me as soon as they let you go. I could’ve picked you up. Or at least I would have been at home when you arrived.”
Winchester had sounded a lot more agreeable when Gabriel had talked about the place than what Michael and Uriel had had to offer about the people. Moreover, Castiel would be allowed to make a choice – and Alpha Samuel had not sounded too awful.
Castiel realised that this was as much as Dean was willing to give – so he settled for it. When he lay back on the alpha’s chest, he sent out a silent prayer that he would never cross paths with Alastair again.
It was still odd to Castiel that Dean let every pack member decide for themselves if they wanted to come out as wolves in their work places. Just as much as it felt odd that they all worked in different jobs to begin with, and not for the one big Alpha-owned company. But the only pack members who worked for Dean at his garage were Mick and Pam. The fact that everyone’s pack marks were so far down made it easy to hide them, made it possible. On top of that, they were all allowed to interact with humans, to befriend them. Jody´s best friend was another police woman. Castiel thought about how different his life might be now if only Zachariah had allowed Meg to be his friend. Maybe he would not have chased after her. Maybe he would still be human.
When the pair finally stood in front of each other, both men were out of breath, even Dean, who had not been running at all – and at first, they both just looked their fill.
But as Dean was pressed against him now, Castiel was suddenly very curious to try it himself. To see how it all worked. And Dean smelled so nice, a little pain might not be too high a price to keep him close. Besides, right now, Castiel felt heavenly. With Dean’s lips still on his neck, the alpha’s arms roaming up and town his back, occasionally squeezing his butt.
Dean looked a bit hurt but chose not to reply, which was probably smart, and followed Donna out of the room. And then, without thinking about anything other than how Dean had handled him with kid gloves for the whole day, in an attempt to show himself he was an adult and he could make his own decisions, Castiel pulled on his coat and was out on the street and down to Uriel’s hotel in less than ten minutes.
Ten days on the road, constantly moving, training sessions in the evening, and even a heat thrown into the mix eventually gnawed on Castiel. He had even volunteered to their new system of rotating sentry duties last night – happy to grant Dean a few hours of sleep. But now he was even more tired, his feet had blisters, and there were soft bruises all over his body. And he wanted to eat something other than grilled rabbit, dried sausages or oatmeal for a change.
“Oh!” Dean suddenly exclaimed. “You’re having an affair.” He then chuckled – the idea seemed to amuse him. “This is probably your kind of adventure. Sneaking out of the castle and meeting with that pretty lad from the bakery. Or is it some soldier you watched from afar while he was training in the courtyard?”
in a loud tone and Castiel rolled his eyes to an invisible audience. Dean. Always changing his ringtone when he wasn’t looking. And the alpha thought he was hilarious; especially because Castiel had always trouble to change it back to something more neutral – technology was not his strong point. By now, he mostly left his phone on mute.
But a lot had happened concerning omega rights in the last decades. They were not prohibited to any workplace anymore, they had the right to vote and could even join the army or become doctors and politicians, and neither were they dependent on their mates any more.
They tried to keep running, but the harsh weather had made it harder to move, and Castiel’s paws felt heavier with every step. Being as small as he was, his belly was scratching over the snow-covered ground. Soon, Anna was running ahead again, looking for a place where they could find shelter and wait out the worst of the storm.
There were tears in Dean’s eyes. Castiel did not have to ask what happened next. When a wolf in his pack snapped, it was the Alpha’s responsibility to take care of it. And Castiel knew Dean would never shy away from that task, never shy away from keeping the pack safe, even if it broke his heart.
Dean drove to Castiel’s old place and the two men packed up a few more items – which turned out to go a lot faster than they had anticipated. The omega really did not have that much since after they had crammed the Impala a second time, the apartment was virtually empty.
It was not uncommon for prestigious alphas to bring their omegas to work and have them serve on their mates. Castiel shuddered at the thought.
“Don’t mind Naomi. There are some tricks to avoid her.” Tessa chuckled as Billy and Dean stepped to the two omegas.
Dean did not roll off Castiel as he usually would but held himself up to not crush the omega while he still covered him with his body. He had his nose buried at the crook of Castiel’s neck, drinking in his scent. And Castiel felt good with Dean’s weight on top of him. After days apart, both men were happy to just be able to scent and touch each other again. They stayed locked together for over an hour, neither man saying a word. Castiel had even dozed off again. After his knot had come down, Dean finally shifted their position until he was on his back and Castiel rested his head on the alpha’s chest.
“You really have no idea who it might be?” Dean asked, still glaring, but at least the alphas no longer looked directly into each other’s eyes.
“Please make sure this will be delivered to King Dean within the week.” Balthazar kept looking at the parchment, and Castiel sighed. “I understand what you are saying, Balthazar. And I trust your judgement. But I already have my own councilmen try and tell me I should forget about the idea of an omega ruling a kingdom and rather let my husband be in charge. I will not have said husband come into this marriage with the same ideas.”
With Sam and Castiel in tow, Dean walked to the kitchen where Jack just finished his food. Cesar sat next to him, chatting hospitably, while Ketch cleaned his nails with a knife and shot the newcomer occasional glances from narrowed eyes. Jack twitched every time.
There was a warm glint in the omega’s eyes as he looked between the two of them. Dean let out a little groan. This was not how he had planned things. And Jack, in his excitement, just made it worse by crying out:
Five days ago, Castiel’s heat had been in full term. They had visited their cabin again, like they nearly always did when Castiel was in heat. And Dean had been constantly talking about how fertile Castiel smelled, or how he would put a baby in him, how beautiful he would look, carrying his child. Castiel had not minded this talk at the time, to be honest it had quite aroused him. It was only when he sat on the plane to Ehrfield when he was starting to ask himself what would happen if it hadn’t worked. How disappointed Dean would be. How disappointed Castiel himself would be.
Castiel sat up in his bed and stared at Dean, who was only wearing a pair of boxers, and had his head halfway turned away from Castiel. But it was too late, the omega had already seen the bruise around the alpha’s right eye. He hurried towards Dean and gently stroked over his face. Dean pulled back with a low hiss but said: “It’s not that bad.”
The men explored each other for a long time, Dean’s fingers probing inside Castiel constantly – until finally, Dean lifted the omega’s legs and wrapped them around his waist. When he pushed his cock inside the omega’s hole, Castiel went stiff, just for a second. It was long enough for Dean to stop his movements.
“Another place? What, so you will still work – but for someone else?” Naomi huffed out a disbelieving laugh.
Castiel frowned. Dean was right, he supposed. But he could not help the feeling that he would be more at ease with a permanent mark on him. No one would want to drag him back and claim him then, they would probably just kill him for his defiance.
to talk about her. At the same time, he knew this kind of thinking was just stupid. If anything, he should be angry at Dean for not telling him and not at this stranger for advising him to do so.
And Dean did the only thing he was capable of in that moment: He rushed forwards and sank his teeth into Jack’s neck.
He could not open his eyes, even though he did not feel like he was blindfolded. He smelled rotten eggs and coughed at the harsh scent. There was something cold running up and down his naked chest.
“You said that I did not have to leave?” Castiel tried to bring their conversation back to when they had been interrupted by their audience.
“Oh, relax, Cassie. Our Alpha doesn’t know.” Castiel narrowed his eyes at Gabriel. Had his brother learned to read minds? But Gabriel just waggled his eyebrows. “Which is actually why we’re here. To end this torture, for all of us.”
He pulled Dean by the arm, stepping in front of him, closer to Gordon, trying to force his partner away, but it was Gordon who broke eye contact, side-tracked by Castiel’s movements.
But before Charlie responded in any way, the front door opened and Castiel knew instantly who had arrived – even if his wolf had not basically waggled his tail in his mind. But Castiel was not the only one who seemed to enjoy the return of the Alpha; most shifters around the table relaxed noticeably, especially Rowena and Ketch.
When they finally sat in the car, there was a long silence between the men. As the scenery went by the window, Sam looked over at Castiel more and more often, with a concerned frown. Castiel had still not replied in whole sentences even once. While they were driving, he could not help but noticing that the beta smelled good. He even seemed genuinely nice, which almost unsettled Castiel for some strange reason. It would have been easier for him if Sam was not the pack’s Second but rather someone less important who had been given the ungrateful task to pick the omega up.
“There is a cave just a little way back. It’s almost unnoticeable from the outside but should be big enough for five people. I found it on my first scout this morning,” Jack said in a small voice, like he had admitted defeat. It was obvious that he felt guilty for having their group split up. But Castiel agreed with Dean. It would be easier to go on with just the two of them. And Jack needed to rest, just as much as others of their group. Castiel slowly realised that he and Dean seemed to be the only ones who had hardly a scratch on them.
He saw Alfie dance gracefully with Victor and was mildly envious of his posture. Castiel himself felt like he bounced around like the children had, trying to mimic Jo’s movements as best as he could. No matter how stupid it must have looked, Castiel soon had a bright smile on his face. Until they changed partners – he was comfortable enough with Jo to look like a dork, but he did not know Victor that well. He should not have worried. The alpha had such a silly smile on his face, he probably did not notice anything but the fact that he was now bonded to the woman of his dreams.
Sam took a deep breath and Castiel had problems to compose himself in turn. He knew this treatment all too well. “A few days later, he came home and proclaimed he had found me a mate – some other drunk whom he owed money.
She was wearing a pink dress with small white ribbons – and just like in church, Castiel was reminded of a little girl’s look. She smiled at Dean, and the white of her teeth was blinding.
an omega. Dean never mentioned it and I was somehow expecting an alpha.” Castiel pondered for a bit. “I mean, I have seen a picture of you. But Dean never said anything that indicated…”
Castiel had done his research on the painting as well as helped on two other cases today, and everything he had left to do was mostly paperwork. So he shrugged and said to Donna: “Well, I guess you’re right. Thank you,” he added with emphasis and hoped she would get that he was mostly talking about Dean – who already closed his laptop and collected his things. By the way Donna’s smile widened Castiel assumed she understood.
Dean let out a low growl, not nearly as playful as the ones he had made before when he had tried to tackle Castiel, and attacked the omega from behind. They were now basically pressed against each other front to back, and Castiel found it hard to concentrate. He almost forgot that they were in a training session – he just wanted to roll to the ground and bare his neck to Dean. But some part of his brain kicked in and convinced him that was a bad idea. With a soft grunt, Castiel tried to throw Dean to the ground instead, in a move Jody had taught him.
But that was beside the point. What was impressive was the way they pulled two stags and a doe behind them. As soon as they were through the gates, men were rushing in to take the load. Castiel’s eyes turned wide as he stared down at the group – how had four wolves, no matter how big, been able to slay three animals this size? Suddenly, Dean looked up and as soon as his gaze met Castiel’s, he postured with a puffed-out chest, tail and ears high, and then he howled. The other three wolves joined in and Castiel smiled widely, excited at the scene below.
He noticed there were more horses in the building than was common. But he quickly remembered why. This might be the secluded
The blond woman chuckled, and the lanky man, Garth, murmured: “Well, you know, Rowena never said he was
Castiel chuckled as Jack disappeared somewhere between the trees to check if they were being followed or if there was some other threat nearby. Donna stared at the place where Jack had just disappeared. There was longing on her usually cheery features.
“Now, what had you so shocked when I came in? The fact that I do not look like your stereotypical omega?” There was no edge to the question, Sam just seemed curious.
He pushed Dean back a little and made to turn around on all fours like he had seen on pictures. But Dean stopped him.
“Yeah, I know what you mean. At least, we had some training. With Sam’s twins and Hannah’s little girl, we already know how to change diapers and that babies absolutely hate to be put in any kind of clothes.”
“Good. Because, you know, I’d rather have you for myself first…” Dean’s smile turned relieved, but there still seemed to be something missing. And although Castiel’s scent was back to normal, Dean’s still seemed a little --- dulled.
“You said that you were turned into a wolf some years after Dean. I never heard about actual family members being shifters. Did Dean turn you? Were you sick?” Castiel regretted asking as soon as he looked into Sam’s stony face. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to pry. You don’t have to tell me.”
tonight as he had been yesterday. True, it had been a long day and Castiel was tired, but at the same time he wanted to feel close to his mate. Acting on impulse, Castiel pulled down his boxers and lay on the bed. On his back, above the covers, so his alpha could see all of him. Castiel had learned by now that Dean liked to just look at him. But – of course – as soon as he had lain down, he felt self-conscious. He was just about to cover himself when Dean returned to the room. Too late now.
“How did you get Dean Winchester to claim you? So many omegas have tried before and they all failed. What is so special about you?” She smirked. “Did you not let him into your panties unless he bit you? Or did you tell him you were under medication? But no, that would not work… you could not possibly lie to him during heat. Maybe you just crept into his bed at night, naked and wanton, and he could not resist…”
for days. Until both Bobby gave us a piece of his mind and we hesitantly started to explain and apologise.
Dean blinked a few times like he had lost orientation for a moment.  “Bobby. I am so sorry. I guess I kind of got carried away.” He flashed an apologetic smile and took a few steps towards this
But he was not too concerned and convinced himself the other man was just worth looking at – and he was by far not the only one who seemed to enjoy Dean’s presence. Pamela Barnes took any excuse to touch him, the consulting psychologist Garth shot him love-sick glances almost every day and even Mildred, the nice lady who helped out on the 911-line, flirted constantly with him. And Dean flirted right back, with about anyone.
“You know, Dean, for someone who always says that anyone can love anyone, you seem very wrought up by the idea of Benny dating another alpha.”
“Also, some alphas are so pampered, they hardly know how to shift and would never be able to keep running for longer than a few hours,” Meg murmured, tone condescending. It was obvious she thought alphas should be able to fight their way through any challenges thrown at them – otherwise, they weren’t worth much. She suddenly realised who stood beside her and added apologetically, with a sheepish side-glance at Anna: “Or so I have heard.”
“But it is still so confusing. I never wanted a mate; I had constant nightmares about this. On Monday, I thought this big a change in my life would take months to get used to. But waking up next to Dean, having his scent around, simply watching TV together or even meeting with his friends – it already feels so normal.  I feel like I’m trapped in a spiral of being happy and then confused about it and then I’m angry at myself for being content to be dependent on an alpha!”
Dean raised his head to look down at Castiel, and the omega could see the gold of Dean’s wolf flash in the alpha’s eyes. He shivered involuntarily in a mixture of excitement and nervousness. Dean rolled down from him again, pulling the omega with him so both men were lying on their sides, faces mere inches apart.
Castiel tipped his head to the side and wished he could give a different answer. “If he believes you are a threat. So, please Jack, control your wolf.” Before Jack could ask another uncomfortable question, Castiel gave the watch a pointed look and said: “Let’s go down; better be a few minutes early than one late.”
After a moment’s hesitation, Dean at least reacted to the first request and sat down next to Castiel.
But the alien wolves who had started circling the scene from a distance didn’t know, couldn’t know, what Castiel felt. They relied too much on their eyes. And so, when Jack laid his head back and howled out in victory, the strangers joined in enthusiastically.
Dean bit into the cookie with a loud crunch and moaned slightly before he answered: “I forgot this is not what you usually do. Not even close.” There was a short pause, and Castiel rubbed his hands against each other, trying to find a topic. But Dean beat him to the punch, as usual: “I ah… I am sorry about your parents, Cas. But maybe… you know, maybe they had their reasons. Other than being SOBs.”
But Dean just let out a chuckle of his own and squeezed Castiel’s hand. The omega wondered at the brothers’ companionship. The way these two interacted as equals was so very different from his own upbringing.
It seemed unlikely that he would win against Dean – and then even Gabriel and Castiel would certainly have to leave.
“No, thank you. I will go back and help Missouri for a while. If you could just point me in the direction of the next gate.”
“Balthazar!” Castiel growled and threw the next thing he could reach, a copper bowl, at the man. It was his friend’s luck that the omega’s aim had always been off. Balthazar cackled and closed the door behind him.
When he had introduced himself as Dean, of Winchester, Castiel had for a split-second thought this might be Lord John’s son – but then his brain had started to work again. It was unlikely that the heir of the throne would chase through the wild, alone, to find some missing omega. He had also said he was a hunter – not a very kingly profession. Moreover, he did not look like any nobleman Castiel had ever seen. At all. His clothes were much too simple, and even the weaponry – a large and heavy sword on his back, a dagger on his belt, and a knife in his boot, as far as Castiel could see – had no ornaments or even a small jewel. And it was not uncommon for people to name their newborns after the royal family – there were a lot of Michaels running around in Veenah. Castiel’s gaze flickered to the man’s face again. He had never met any nobleman who wore a beard either, at least not one younger than fifty winters.
Though, to be fair, most of the packs arrived with a few horses – who pulled carriages with their luggage. But the usual arrangement was two humans, the rest wolves; not the other way around.
On his way out, he heard Gordon say something to Crowley, and the alpha answered loud enough to entertain the whole room: “You could never afford me, Walker. Besides, I only take clients who aren’t so stupid to confess to a room full of police officers.”
“Watching us? Right now?” Charlie whispered even though there was no secrecy in her suspicious glances.
But Castiel looked a lot more friendly when Dean returned a few moments later with a half-asleep Jack in his arms. He laid the boy down in the middle of the bed – who had not even protested even though he only very rarely sneaked up to them at night – and then the alpha put an arm around Castiel and Jack.
He was blissfully smiling at the ceiling when the alpha returned. Two bottles and a washcloth in hands. He handed the omega both bottles – one water, one orange juice.
Naomi noticeably tried to put on a more composed face and shrugged nonchalantly. “Whatever you say. We must honour our contracts, after all. I am glad you see it the same way. I admit, it would cause troubles to lose you overnight.”
By that time, Castiel had already started to enjoy the game. It was funny, and the children seemed happy to hear any answer Castiel would give.
“Doesn’t matter now. We can’t do anything until he wakes up.” A pause. “But seriously, how much did you use? He should be awake by now.”
“And you would make me the happiest alpha if you allowed me to put my mark on you, just as I would be happy to wear yours.”
Castiel had tried to use the time he had to spend with Naomi to get some information about her mate, but she refused to say anything other about Mr Roman than what a perfect alpha he was. But at least she was a helpful source on some of the other alphas in Little Heaven as she gossiped about them quite a bit: Crowley, unlike her own mate, was a horrible example of an alpha, and once she even saw him lurking outside Lilith’s house. Cain would sometimes pack a bag and be gone for a day or two, not telling anyone where he went – and even his housekeeper kept quiet about it. Of course, that irritated Naomi, who seemed to take it personal that she was uninformed about anything that went on in her home town. According to Naomi, everyone wondered why Lilith did not divorce from Alastair – since he was just useless, and the alpha obviously was more interested in alpha men, or so she had heard. But her parents had arranged the mating and obviously, it was just good upbringing that she refused to leave her mate. Naomi seemed a bit divided about Lilith – she apparently respected her as an alpha, but the indication she might be more interested in Lucifer than her omega mate did not fit into her worldview. She was more definite about Billy though, who just did not belong in a respectable neighbourhood like Little Heaven, and who had completely ruined the nice and compliable girl Tessa once had been.
“That’s impressive. I mean, I like kids. But I have no idea how to teach them anything.” Neither, in fact, did Castiel. But he kept that information to himself. Instead, he studied Charlie for a moment, trying to figure out whether the omega was sad to not have any children of her own. But the woman seemed just as cheery as she had last night.
Castiel gazed up at Dean. “I want you, Dean. And I want you tonight.” He noticed himself that this had not sounded like a passionate declaration, but more like an order. Dean let go of his hands and rested his own on each side of Castiel’s face.
Neither Charlie nor Balthazar found any evidence of another visitor to Uriel’s hotel room that night, and Victor and Benny were no closer to catching the thief. After a while, Castiel even started to doubt if the two cases – the stolen jewellery and the painting – were connected. And Uriel might have been killed by a complete stranger. Maybe Eileen was right, and someone had followed Uriel from Arlington to Peaceful Haven without being noticed by anyone. False name in a cheep hotel, avoiding cameras, far away from home with no witnesses – Dean claimed it’s how he might do it. Castiel wished the alpha would just stop talking about murdering people. What if Rogers overheard them one day while Dean was plotting imaginary crimes?
“I… ah…” Castiel was fairly sure no one in this room would believe him, if he told them he had been looking for the merchant Balthazar to make plans about sharing food for Michael’s celebration with the common people. “Sometimes I sneak out. To walk around the town. The palace can get … stuffy,” he ended weakly.
He saw a movement in the corner of his eye and fixated a spot right behind Castiel, standing completely still for a moment. For some reason, Castiel mirrored his motionless state. Then Dean took his knife from his boot without making any noise. Castiel’s eyes widened, but this time, he did not stumble backwards nor did he grip his own dagger. Dean quickly threw his knife to the ground and impaled a rabbit with it.
“I know you can, baby. Doesn’t mean I’m not worried. Or that I didn’t want to call in sick and stay with you all week. You know, as badass as you might be, sometimes things just go wrong. Can happen to all of us.”
Sam gave Balthazar a nod, who then stood and looked down at Castiel with one of his trademark smirks. “Some advice for the future, your highness: Never trust a man you have to pay for a good deed. Others might pay him better. With me, you just got lucky.” With those words, the beta left the two omegas alone. Sam took his place and sat down on a rock next to Castiel’s.
Charlie announced with a full mouth: “But before you take Castiel to the kids, Garth, I promised to show him around the castle.”
“All right. Get on with it, then,” Castiel said with a cold glare. He might not be able to do much for himself, but he could very well help Dean. He would not let himself be slaughtered in vain. He could still scream before Abaddon ended him – Dean might not be able to open the door in time to save Castiel, but at least he would be warned there was something wrong. And Abaddon would hopefully not react fast enough to get from him to Dean in time to hurt the alpha.
Dean ducked his head, and Castiel used the opportunity to change form as well. He knew his wounds would be easier treated in this shape. He held out a hand to the last remaining wolf in the room, and Dean nosed at him, whining lowly. Charlie handed Castiel another blanket.
“Castiel, this is not as we see it here.” Sam leaned forwards and looked Castiel directly in the eyes, obviously anxious that the other man understood every word he was about to say. “Omegas are…
But even if he had tried to reprimand Dean for his inappropriate humour with a subtle hand on the alpha’s knee, Castiel had to oppress his own chuckle of disbelief when the alphas left the omegas after dinner, to drink some scotch in the parlour. Castiel could have sworn that this old-fashioned separating-by-gender was not a thing anymore, but obviously he was wrong. There was one unfortunate beta mate in their group, and Castiel might have pitied the man, just for the misfortune of sticking out so much, remembering how that felt from police school – but there was just too much of a sneer on Bartholomew’s face to make Castiel feel sorry for him. He was not upset he was the only beta in the group. He was outraged he had to sit with the omegas instead of the alphas.
It was the strangest thing: Roughly forty years ago, an abundance of omega medication had been developed. Suddenly, it was possible to prevent pregnancy with a pill as well as oppress heats and the usually strong omega scents. The scent-blockers did not work a hundred percent – but you needed to get very close to someone to recognise them as an omega. From a distance you would smell as neutral as betas. Quickly, scent-blockers had become a sign of modern-day omegas who were not content to attract a mate and cook them dinner for the rest of their lives. Every working omega had used them – especially those who were not mated. But since a couple of years now, a lot of progressive omegas had suddenly stopped using the medication – they claimed that there was nothing wrong with being an omega, and thus, you should not have to hide it. Castiel agreed wholeheartedly. But at the same time, he was not brave enough to go out without dampening his scent. There were enough alphas thinking they could take liberties as it was – he feared the enticing omega scent would only invite them to make a pass at him. Lots of alphas thought that as soon as an omega did not hide their scent, they
“Yes, Castiel, we know that. But --- since your omega already picked Dean as his mate, you can just as easily let him stay with you. I mean, not even the king would object. It is the law. Not to mention that he had urged Dean to get married for years now. And as for your brother, he does not even have to know. Don’t let Dean put a mark on you yet and no one will be the wiser. Just tell Michael that you picked Dean once you arrived at the palace, and then everyone’s happy. I mean… you want to mate Dean, don’t you?”
Castiel was confused for a second, until the obvious hit him. First lesson in omega class: Never run from an aroused alpha. Unless you wanted to be chased and have a knot shoved inside you as soon as you got caught. Apparently, it was nearly impossible for an alpha to resist the impulse to run after the omega.
Like most days, the omega joined Meg at her table. The last couple of weeks, the alpha had been on guard duty during the nights, and she usually headed straight to breakfast after her shift. Castiel felt oddly relaxed with the alpha – despite her occasional flirting. She never seemed very serious in her advances, though, just wickedly enjoyed making him blush. That was one of the reasons the omega sat down wordlessly and started to eat without looking the alpha in the eyes right now – he knew it was ridiculous, but he was afraid everyone who only looked at him would instantly know what kind of images were still running through his mind. Obviously, Meg noticed there was something off this morning, but just as she opened her mouth to say something, she was interrupted.
And Dean seemed decent. He had not tried to mount him while Castiel had been weak. They had even talked about getting him something to eat. And if Dean was possessive enough, as most alphas were, he would not share Castiel with anyone else. And after a while, he could try to escape – after some in-depth planning.
And then Dean’s fingers were not so much kneading his cheeks anymore but two fingers slowly wandered to Castiel’s hole, dipping in – and Castiel forgot to think altogether.
Sam looked like he wanted to say something, but then he ran down the stairs after one meaningful glance at his brother. Dean knew that look; it usually meant something between
Then Dean reached out and the two men shook hands. “It is nice to meet you, Gabriel. Please, come in.”
Castiel felt like he should object, but he feared he might hyperventilate while he waited for news on Uriel.
After some time, Dean closed his computer, leaned back and pulled Castiel on his lap, back to chest. He let both hands run over the smaller man’s thighs, stroking up and down, massaging the inside. Castiel started to twitch impatiently, rubbing his behind over Dean’s crotch. By the time Dean’s hands wandered under his shirt and up his torso, Castiel had dampened both men’s pants with his slick. He felt Dean’s fingers over his nipples, rubbing both at the same time.
By now, it was almost February, and the couple had found some sort of compromise. In other words, Dean had loosened his in-my-company-only-rules slightly: He was no longer glued to Castiel’s side, but a guard wolf was to follow Castiel around at all times. And he was to be accompanied by at least two alphas whenever he left the Castle to go into town. Leaving the town walls to any other parts of Winchester, however, was only allowed with Dean.
She paused, to let the words sink in. By that time, Castiel had already guessed where this conversation was headed, but he was still puzzled. Before he had to say anything, Jody Mills continued:
Dean scoffed: “Yeah, some people skills he has, I am sure. I’m sorry, kiddo, but anyone who employs someone of the likes of Gordon Walker clearly does not care about decency in his staff.”
– they raised the children in a way that was fifty years behind the times, and as soon as they came of age, they practically sold them to a conservative alpha for a generous donation. Castiel was glad that those sorts of homes were dying out by the minute. “It was a good home. There were only about thirty children, of all ages, and we were well educated. The headmaster, Mr Shurely – or Chuck as we all called him – was nice and caring. We are still in contact and I send him a Christmas card every year. Honestly, I believe it was better than growing up with parents who would have been disappointed after finding out I was an omega.”
“What? No!” He swallowed down the awkwardness to talk about personal things with a virtual stranger. “And I probably will not go into heat for some weeks, maybe even months, according to my doctor. She indicated that after terminating medication, it would often either hit directly afterwards or take a long while.”
. He had not really expected the leader of the nobility-hating rebels to call him by his proper title, but this shortened version seemed oddly personal. Like friends might call him. Gabriel had called him
Castiel took a deep breath. He had already wondered how Uriel could believe they would make it out of the territory. But of course, with a considerable head-start, he might have managed it. And gained a new pack on top.
Dean looked agitated – and it only worsened when he noticed the clear scent of fear and distress coming off Castiel. The alpha seemed to grow and exude
They played for a while, Gabriel leading his team to the pole position with one strike after another. Once when it was Dean’s turn, Gabriel walked up close behind him and made some distinct moves with his hips – earning catcalls of both Balthazar and Sam. Dean was so concentrated on the task – another thing that was endearing to Castiel and why he loved bowling nights – and did not notice what was going on behind his back. And then, for the first time in his short bowling career, Dean managed to drop down five pins at his first try. He turned around with a proud expression and only now realised how Gabriel was nearly touching his butt.
. It was not exactly his strong point. He more likely scared people off with his habit of getting straight to the point instead of wasting time with idle chit-chat. And he completely lacked Dean’s ability to charm people into giving anything away without noticing it. On the other hand, he also lacked Dean’s tendency of trying to solve any problem with sheer force. That might actually be an advantage in their current situation.
“…than you?” The alpha smirked at the cheesy line and leaned closer to Castiel. A firm hand on his thigh holding him to his chair. “I assure you, Cas, that whatever plans I had for this weekend – having magnificent sex with a gorgeous omega trumps it all.” He pecked Castiel quickly on the lips. “So, what would you like to do now – until our hormones get the best of us again, that is?”
“You mean Meg?” Castiel asked, feeling an uncomfortable flutter in his stomach. Dean had made a way better job in keeping in touch with Cain than Castiel had with Meg.
“What? No!” Castiel realised his reaction might have been a bit vehement, so he modulated his tone to something more reasonable and added: “I mean, my heat will last at least one more day and night… and I thought… that is if you are still free…”
Castiel managed to not raise his eyebrows at the specific order and was inwardly grateful he had both things stocked. Naomi followed Castiel to the kitchen and then frowned at the table which still showed the remnants of breakfast.
“So, listen, I know we kind of started off on the wrong foot. But I do hope we can all be friends here,” Dean announced. There was an awkward silence, then: “So, how are the two of you? How did you meet? I hear you go way back to the time when Benny served in the military.”
. His alpha was everywhere. His scent stronger than ever, like he was emitting an overdose of pheromones. Castiel could feel the firm chest and strong arms of his mate around him. And it made him feel so safe and sheltered and
“Cas? You all right?” Castiel’s gaze focused on the door, and he could see the handle being pushed down. There was just the tiniest crack open, then Dean’s voice: “I’m coming in, Cas.”
During the night and for most of the day, Alfie, Castiel and Charlie had been hurdled together on the small bed and tried not to fret too much. Castiel was still uncomfortably hot and slick – but he was much too anxious to feel arousal. Even though, during the night, he had dreamed about Dean – and for two hours after waking up, he had hardly been able to look his friends in the eyes, not sure what they might have witnessed while he was asleep.
“I guess it’s because the food is so hot,” Sam explained to his son. “And Castiel had been getting up a lot so maybe he feels a little exhausted. Like when your face heats up after running around with Petra.”
“You know, I liked that play,” Dean whispered to Castiel, for once sitting next to him instead of standing behind. “Maybe we could, you know, reenact it once we get home. In a more mature version.”
Castiel awoke feeling positively --- famished. Just to underline that feeling, his stomach growled impatiently. Still drowsy, Castiel wondered if maybe he could get one of those wonderful cinnamon buns he seemed to have been dreaming about so vividly just minutes ago. He swore he could even smell them. Maybe Jack had somehow sneaked out of the house and got some for breakfast – he often went to the bakery on Saturday mornings. But never without asking first, and he shouldn’t. Castiel shifted a little, just to notice that there was something rather heavy on him that made it hard to move. He felt like too hot and absolutely perfect at the same time. And the scent in his room was just wonderful this morning. It smelled like books, and leather and pine and…
“Maybe Uriel wanted to sue SecCo? Making them responsible for the robbery? Sounds like something he would do, right?” Eileen asked no one in particular.
Suddenly, all children talked at once. “Did he fight him off?” “I heard there was more than one alpha.” “Dean could easily fight off a whole pack!” “And Benny was with him!” “Were you scared?”
“Thank God, there is coffee. I swear, this is the first time this week I did not have to put on a new one. This might just be a sign that after a rough week, there is a slow and happy weekend awaiting me. No emergencies. Just me and my baby on the road. What about you, Cas? You got any plans?”
But then he wouldn’t have met Dean, at least not as a wolf. Castiel felt a painful sting at the thought. He wished a lot of things had gone different in his life, he wished Meg was still with him, but he would not want to be anywhere else right now than in the Winchester pack.
“She’s right, Cas.” Dean pinched his nose. “That might be a good idea. We won’t be able to arrest anyone without evidence, but maybe we could talk to Jody. Get some police stationed around the place who will follow anyone who leaves.”
Just as the alpha had reached Castiel and Charlie, there was a little commotion when one of the many horses suddenly startled and its rider nearly fell to the ground. Someone pumped into Charlie, probably startled by the horse, but Castiel did not look closer as Dean turned to the rider with an indignant glare. However, Castiel did not want his mate to chew out his guards in front of him at the same moment they first met their new prince. It might fall back on Castiel and they would resent
Castiel had thanked her and sat down on the bed after she had closed the door. Undoubtedly to go and report to Dean how his new wolf had been behaving.
Being reminded of the present by his wolf, Dean suddenly felt watched, like he had on occasion for the last couple of months, like someone was lurking in the forest, waiting. He suddenly remembered what Gabriel had told him last weekend, and a shiver ran down his back. He had learned how Gabriel had wandered as a lone wolf for centuries, walked in and out of pack territories, without anyone noticing him. Which should be impossible. Obviously, there were a few advantages of being one of the First. And Dean might not mind if his almost-friend had the power of invisibility, but he definitely did not like to think that it was just as easy for Lucifer or Rafael to move unnoticed through claimed territories.
“I said that it was too late now to do anything. Dean wanted you as a mate and there was nothing I could do. He is Alpha, after all. And stubborn.”
Castiel felt Dean’s gaze on him again. He still didn’t meet the alpha’s eyes, but he noticed how Dean’s shoulders slumped and Castiel could sense the worry and fear and disappointment coming from him. But there was also anger, and then Dean finally said, sounding as impassive as he was talking about the weather: “I probably should not say anything else without a lawyer. Why don’t you tell me what exactly I am being accused of instead?”
program, and, despite his lack of skill, Castiel had finally managed something that reminded a scarf as well as he was capable of. There had been an auction afterwards, and Dean, despite him being the only bidder for the piece, had paid five times the price the auctioneer had asked for. It warmed Castiel’s heart to think back to that day – he and Dean had not even started their relationship back then, even though Castiel had already been head over heels for the alpha. And during the last winter, Dean had actually worn this thing on cold days. In public.
“No, not exactly. But they tell you to not come off too forceful, to be respectful. And I know from Sammy how much shit some omegas have to take from knotheaded alphas. So I tried to talk to you, without too much flirting until I knew you were interested as well. And I am sorry, Cas, but you’ve never seemed particularly infatuated with me. You hardly said hello – and when I asked you out for lunch with the gang, I feared you might have a panic attack. Once I even saw you hitting your head on your desk when you thought I couldn’t see you anymore. That was quite discouraging. I thought my ego would never recover. And then there is that forensics guy always sniffing around you. I swear you talk to him more in five minutes than you have ever said to me before we took this job.”
Castiel was about to say something else, but then Deana suddenly ran towards him, wrapped both her arms around his legs and screamed “gotya!” with an excited yelp.
After he had silently suffered in the kitchen for over an hour, Castiel excused himself to the bathroom. He took the opportunity to
“I’m Kevin, by the way. I live right next to you.” The man stood up, walked towards Castiel and embraced him in a lose hug. Castiel tensed for a second, but then he put both his arms around the other omega and held on tight for a period of time that was probably way too long to be considered anything remotely polite to greet a stranger, pack or not.
?” Sam scoffed. “Cas, what is going on here? You smelled Dean, right? You knew he was your True Mate when you entered the car last week. That’s why you’ve been acting so strange the last couple of days, right?  I mean you had to smell him – Dean just opened the door days after you were in there for only a few minutes, and he nearly had a fit. Nearly strangled me in an attempt to find out where you are.”
When they finally sat down at the table, Castiel noticed that Dean was still watching him with a calculating expression.
The beta slowly approached Castiel, like one would a nervous animal – and Castiel assumed he looked about as anxious as he felt.
He had no idea how many seconds, minutes or hours had passed until Dean pulled back again and without pause started to kiss down Castiel’s throat. When he reached Castiel’s collarbone, he slowly opened his shirt, one button at a time, until his lips and hands had reached Castiel’s stomach. He had spent great attention to Castiel’s nipples as well as his belly button and was currently sucking on his right hip bone. By that time, Castiel’s shirt had landed somewhere on the ground, and he noticed his trousers had become sticky with the amount of slick that had been running out of his cleft already. Dean must have noticed this as well, if the low rumbling sounds coming off his chest were any indication. As soon as the alpha moved upwards Castiel’s body again, the omega started to tug at his shirt, impatient to get a good look himself.
Castiel believed that his capturers were three men; one alpha and two betas. He could not be sure, though. Two had talked occasionally, so there was at least more than one. But by the time someone pulled him from the horse, he heard more voices and footsteps around. Castiel assumed he was brought into some kind of village or camp. He smelled dried ash from fireplaces. But before he could concentrate more on his new surroundings, he was dragged away by a tight grip on his arm. His own two feet hardly managed to carry him in his state of angst. And it was not exactly easy to follow someone when he could not even see. But his attackers did not seem to sympathise.
Castiel felt the revulsion tighten his throat, thinking about how Alastair might have watched him and Dean. And even more so at the thought of what Alastair was planning to do to him. Judging from the light hold on him, Castiel assumed that the other omega obviously thought Castiel was still too weak – or maybe just too scared – to do anything, and he decided to use the momentum of surprise as long as he had it on his side. He tried to use his fear as much as his anger to make his body follow his orders.
Castiel frowned, but he tried to do what Charlie asked. He stared to the ground, not really seeing the bumble bee humming happily around a bell flower while Castiel was lost in memories.
Hesitantly, Castiel faced Dean again – because, what else could he do? Running away would be just as embarrassing. He was an adult. He could handle this. Fortunately, Dean had lowered his body back into the water, so Castiel could only see the alpha’s shoulders and chest. Which was bad enough. Water kept dropping from the Dean’s short hair and onto those broad shoulders, trailing down…
Dean had seemed relieved over his answer but had still sighed. “Ketch needs to make a decision, Cas. And I cannot do that for him. We don’t have any high position for him and his wolf. If rising in ranks is really that important to him, he needs to leave. But if he decides that family is enough for now, he can stay. For as long as he likes. But he has to make up his mind himself. Either way, it will be all right.”
Dean loved the Full Moon. The wolves might be acting up more than usual, but if you gave them something to do, there was no other day when human and beast would be so much in balance. He looked over his pack – an unusual large one with nearly fifty shifters – and locked eyes with all of them for a moment. He felt pride swell in his chest, like on almost every Full Moon. His pack was strong and healthy. The bond vibrating with life and eagerness. He had not lost anyone to their wolves since Benny, not even the young ones like Claire or Pamela. Old wolves like Rowena, Crowley, Gadreel or Alex grounded everyone, almost as much as his omegas. The pack was well-balanced. They were a family. And even though Dean had only taken the mantle as Alpha around thirty years ago – and he had been a new wolf at the time, in their world – and most of his pack have found their way to the Winchesters after that, they worked surprisingly well together.
And due to that presumption alone, dominant male alphas liked to pick omegas as their mates – since they would get almost always pregnant while in heat. And they hardly ever lost a child during pregnancy. Also, common belief suggested that omegas would only give birth to exceptionally skilful warriors – though Castiel was convinced this was more superstition than anything else.
When the two omegas finally separated around noon, Castiel felt a lot closer to his brother-in-law than he had before. They hugged tightly, both of them not wanting to let go for some moments.
He took in another deep breath and exited the car. The cool air of the late evening did nothing to make him more comfortable. He doubted anything would be able to do that, despite maybe taking his Mate to bed.
“What?” Anna squeaked. She had always been grumpy that female alphas had a lower rank than male ones – and one of the reasons for their supposed inferiority had been that they could not sire strong offspring with omegas. Being an
heat. But then the omega would not have been so shocked, would he? It would have been a joyful event.
Castiel only nodded – and was grateful that the beta next to him would hardly be able to pick up on Castiel’s agitated scent. Or that light whiff of his slick in the air. Goodness, he had not been prepared for how overwhelming that scent would be.
could use someone fun and daring, someone who manages to coax you out of your shell a bit, but still serious enough to make you feel safe. You fit each other perfectly. There is a reason why some of us made a bet on how long it would take the two of you to dance around each other. We started it when Dean brought you to have lunch with us that first time. Man, I have never seen that alpha so smitten with anyone. You know, it was so funny – you blushed and stared at your hands whenever Dean even looked your direction, and Dean always looked so disappointed when you didn’t react in any way to his bad attempts at flirting.”
“Dean,” Donna replied, before Castiel could abruptly change the subject. He liked Claire, but she also enjoyed teasing him a little too much for his taste. He did not want to give her any more reason than necessary.
Castiel had spent a mentionable amount of his life, from the age of six to sixteen, in constant training to become a soldier one day. Which meant that now, even though he was a royal omega – and those usually spent more time learning how to wield a needle than a sword – he still had some skills at fighting off an opponent. Even more important at the moment was that he was physically fit because he still spent hours riding out or fencing with Balthasar on some lonely meadow, where no one could see them. But all his training had never prepared him for being alone in a deep, never-ending forest with nothing but dark shadows and eerie sounds to keep him company. And things started to look grim. He had not eaten in nearly five days. A few times, he had attempted to catch something that looked like a ferret, but it had been too fast for him. Unfortunately, Castiel had never learned how to hunt properly – especially not armed only with a knife and his own two legs. Michael and the other nobles in Veenah usually hunted on horseback, with dogs to run down their prey for them. Even if an omega had ever been invited to those occasions, it would probably not have helped Castiel right now. Not to mention that he would not know what to do with it even if he did catch some small animal – because he could not imagine eating it raw. Unfortunately, he had not yet managed to make a fire; with no glimstones and nothing but damp wood around, it seemed impossible to manage. Castiel did not dare to eat anything else either – he did not know any of the few fruits and berries he found; maybe they were all poisonous. Or maybe none of them were, and he starved to death in the middle of a forest full of eatable bark and vegetables. But he was not yet so desperate to take that risk.
“Then why did you ask two more times?” Castiel still rubbed his shoulder, a bit dramatically maybe. But living with Gabriel was not always easy – and sometimes Castiel liked to emphasise his suffering.
Jack’s eyes widened, but after Castiel gave him an encouraging nod, he followed Ketch into the kitchen. Dean did not stick around to watch them but walked into the nearest office. Castiel and Sam followed him. He pulled himself a glass of whiskey, preparing for the onslaught of both his brother and his Mate.
?” Castiel cried out in a high-pitched voice. He could see Dean as many things – a cougar maybe, or a stag like Michael --- but a squirrel?
“Dean is not my lover,” Castiel said, despite his determination to stay quiet the whole way. But Dean was not his lover. For one, they had not done any of the things he should have done with a lover, and at the same time, his relationship with Dean felt --- deeper. More substantial than a brief affair. Hell, he had just dreamed about being engaged to Dean. And it had doubtlessly been a very happy dream.
“I’m sorry, that was a dick move.” The alpha leaned forward and took Castiel’s hand again. “I hired Kevin because he is fucking brilliant, not because I consider him a compliant omega. I also think of him as a friend – which for me is quite important since we
“Relax, Cas,” Dean chuckled. “I usually stay out of people’s private business. Would blow my mind if I didn’t. And when I concentrate on someone, I hear they notice my presence as well. So, there is no sneaking up on anyone, really. But, you know, with a Mate…” His smile turned wolfish. “I might take some liberties.”
“Winchester… is a harsh land, in some ways. The climate is not as balanced as here – in summer, it gets really hot, and the winters are ice-cold. You remember how I snuck out with you anytime it snowed when you were just a little pup?” Castiel smiled warmly; those were some of his fondest childhood memories. “Well, I hope you still like the snow, because as much as it happens here one time a year, if we are lucky, snow will be all you see from November to March once you move to Winchester.” Gabriel shivered, but Castiel was not too upset. He did not mind the cold as much as the heat. “And in spring, you can have wonderful warm days, but as soon as the sun is gone, the ground feels like it turned to ice. So I don’t advise any nightly strolls when you arrive next week.
Castiel hesitantly stepped in. He had never been in Alfie’s room before. It looked very much like his own, but twice as large. He sniffed and could easily detect the scent of heat and slick, but not as much as his old room had always reeked. The sheets seemed to be freshly changed as well as the casual clothes Alfie was wearing. There was also a bitter scent in the air – Castiel assumed it came from the tea his friend held in hands.
“But sometimes, things just happen. You’re a good Alpha, Dean. You do everything you can. But you cannot protect everyone, no one can. Just because you’re Alpha, doesn’t mean their death is your fault.”
To all of you lovely people who read regularly and wait for updates: I am very sorry, but I won´t be able to keep up with my schedule any more. Work is very busy at the moment – I have to make a few short trips over the next weeks – so I am pretty stressed (I try not to use words like disturbed or terrified). So (at least) for the next three weeks, I will post new chapters only on Thursdays. Again, sorry for that – but this way I am optimistic that I will be able to update at least once a week till the end of the story.
On top of all that, Castiel did not want anyone else to think he was too scared to deal with his ex-boyfriend, nor did he want them to believe he would back down from a case because of his current, jealous partner. Because he was pretty sure that was what it looked like to most of their spectators.
He could see light on the other side of the house (more a cabin, really). He walked determinedly up to the veranda and towards the mailbox.
Castiel leaned into his alpha’s touch and mumbled: “It’s all right. I actually enjoy baking very much.”
Dean rolled around and threw Jack off him, but the young wolf hardly took a second of recovery before he jumped at him again. Dean soon realised that his lessons had paid off a lot more than he would have believed. In other surroundings, he might have been proud of the boy. Still, Jack was obviously not as skilled as Dean, but he certainly made up for it in effort. There was almost despair in the way Jack moved. Both wolves were slashing into fur and skin, pushing each other around for a while. None of the by-standing shifters interrupted, which told Dean that they were at least somehow in control. Or maybe even their wolves knew that it was prohibited to interrupt an Alpha fight.
He was constantly on edge. He could not guess if Dean would be able to smell him in his car. Probably not. But maybe. Though with every passing day, the probability decreased.
“The murders were everywhere – you could hardly turn on the TV without stumbling over it. And when Dean had decided we would move to this community, a friend had tried to convince me it was a bad idea. Showed me articles about the killings. He is a bit paranoid and was sure I would end up dead in Little Heaven.” He did not know if Meg would believe any of his lies and so he tried to deflect her with a question of his own. Just to give his story a bit more credibility, he made sure his voice shook when he asked like a frightened rabbit: “Why do you have a picture of this man in your office, Meg?”
Castiel narrowed his eyes at Michael, so did Charlie. She had only known the alpha a couple of months, but that had seemingly been a long enough time for her to realise this was at least very out of character for Michael. It was not like he had ever wanted anything
After Sam left, the newly mated couple stashed more of Castiel’s things (i.e. mainly books) in shelves and cupboards around the flat. They prepared dinner together and even though they had known each other for just a couple of days, Castiel wondered at how in tune they seemed to be. For the first time in his life he felt truly at home. He was still anxious about his future but at the same time he felt weirdly liberated. He even joked with Dean and was overjoyed every time he made the alpha laugh.
While Sam was away to pick up one Castiel Novak, Dean walked down to the second floor of the huge pack quarter. He picked one door and entered the small apartment right beneath his own bedroom. It wasn’t that much, but it should offer enough space for one person for a while. The apartment consisted basically of one large room with a bed, a closet, a table with four chairs, a narrow sofa and even a small kitchenette. There was a TV, and a shelve with books, DVDs and CDs of various tastes that made it look a little bit more like a home. Dean did not know what their newcomer would bring with him; in his experience, they often had no more than the clothes on their body. It was a wide misconception by most humans that werewolves were all rich – usually, the packs had money, but not necessarily its members. Dean quickly stepped into the bathroom next door. It could only be entered through the living room and not the big hallway, to grant the new shifters some privacy. All in all, the apartments in the house were meant to give a new wolf enough room to spend as much time by themselves as they wanted to if they weren’t in the mood for company. Or if they simply weren’t ready.
“I know. And see--- that knowledge is quite liberating. I promised my king I would take revenge. And as it turned out,
The door was being closed behind him with a soft sound as Castiel examined the room. It was far bigger than his own guest room, of course, but he was sure Michael would still have called it a shabby accommodation for a pack head. But fortunately, Castiel was not like his uncle. To him, Dean’s place seemed warm and cosy. It was furnished in dark wood; the sheets and drapery were held in dark green and red as well as a brownish gold. It looked earthy, grounded and safe. It suited Dean. The multiple lit candles added a warm light that made the whole place look inviting.
As the group slowly dissolved, Castiel hesitantly stepped towards the alpha, but was stopped in his tracks when Claire suddenly snapped at him. There was nothing playful in the gesture. Castiel was shocked and looked around to see if anyone else had noticed, but no one seemed interested in them, other than Alex who gave Castiel an apologetic look.
Dean sighed. “Lady Harvelle would doubtlessly make a great leader, but unfortunately, she is a woman
? I hope you’ll make that asshat stop sending Cas creepy presents. Preferably by putting him behind bars. There is enough on our plates as it is.”
“This could have been horrible, I know. You could have gotten claimed by a vicious alpha or simply someone who steals himself away from the responsibility while you had to suffer through claiming-abandonment. But your Dean was obviously ready to step up.
After that, his phone stopped ringing. Gabriel always seemed to think food could make everything better – he was very much like Dean that way.
Then came the horrible part. Or rather, the part of the day Castiel had feared the most. He had to share a dance with every guest. But it turned out to be rather fun. There were also quite a few pack members who did not seem to enjoy dancing too much – Crowley, for example, hardly took Castiel’s hands before he let go again and mumbled “all right, that will do to bless you with a litter of pups”. Meg on the other hand flirted with him like she had not done for a long time, reminding him that now they would never be able to share a passionate fling – Castiel’s face had turned so red, he was glad when Dean finally cut Meg off with a jealous growl.
“Aye. But Castiel has been through a lot. It would be irresponsible to confront him with a strange alpha on top of everything else. But he already knows you, and from what I’ve seen he trusts you.” She quirked an eyebrow at Dean. “And honestly, judging from your behaviour when you got here, I thought you wouldn’t like the idea of Castiel with another alpha. In heat.”
He still had his eyes closed when Dean finally turned off the water and wrapped him in a big, soft towel. The alpha picked him up and soon he felt the soft bed beneath him, Dean lying down next to him, arms still closely wrapped around him. Castiel snuggled closer, rested his head on Dean’s chest and started purring. It was not the first time he experienced how soothing Dean’s mere presence was to his heat. There was nothing sexual in the way they held each other at the moment, but Dean’s touch and scent still did wonders to his sensitive body.
Castiel nodded, and, with a sigh, Alfie sat down on his other side, all three omegas now leaning against the headboard, cuddled together tightly on the narrow bed.
There was a long pause in which all three tried to sort their thoughts. Castiel could hardly comprehend how he misunderstood Dean’s intentions so profoundly – there was a huge difference between owning someone and trying to court them. Castiel admitted it was mostly his own fault. For one, he had been raised in a very different pack, so he naturally applied their rules to the Winchesters without thinking much about it. And then he had been desperately trying to fit in. He had observed rather than asked questions and he had always tried to appear like he fully understood the ways of the Eastern packs. After all, he did not want to draw too much attention to himself, did not want to be asked too many questions in turn – always scared that someone would easily detect his lies beneath his ignorance.
“How do you know Uriel Garrison, Mr Roman?” Balthazar asked when Castiel still only stared at the alpha. His clenched fists showed that the beta would much rather punch him, but he settled for changing the subject.
Suddenly, Dean pushed the breaks a little too hard on a red light and both men slightly fell forward, caught by their seat-belts.
think that was his fault.” Sam shrugged, an oddly mundane gesture for the heavy topic. “But eventually, we became brothers again.”
“Not only a pretty face, but also smart. I knew there’s a reason I like you so much,” Dean kept teasing. But when he noticed Castiel’s uncertain frown, he sighed and sobered up. “Look, Cas, I did not knot you because we have not talked about this before. And it has been your first time. No use to rush all experiences into one night. And we alphas do not actually need to pop a knot to feel good.”
Castiel looked at the guard with surprise on his face. He had always assumed the man did not like him much, so despite his lack of dancing skills, he was pleased by the request.  But still, he was about to decline politely – alas, he did not get the chance.
Castiel blinked at the sudden turn of events. He opened his mouth to ask a question, but Sam interrupted him: “No, I wasn’t sick, nor was I dying. She just did it. Because Lucifer had ordered her to do so, I am now convinced, even though the Alpha had always denied it and washed his hands of responsibility. Probably to avoid getting into trouble with the Father. Ten days later, I woke up in Lucifer’s house and got claimed by the Alpha.” Castiel’s eyes widened. “Yes, Cas, you were not the only one who had once served in that pack. Though my time with him was a bit longer. And probably friendlier.” Castiel’s brows furrowed – he felt deceived because Sam had never mentioned Lucifer before. It might have been easier for him on that first day if Sam had told him they had a similar history. “I’m sorry I never mentioned this before, Cas. It is not something I like to talk about – and as I’m sure you know by now: Most wolves don’t enjoy talking about the past, especially not the bad stuff. Anyway, it was a long time ago.” They locked eyes for a moment, and after Castiel nodded in acceptance of the apology, Sam picked up his story: “When I woke up, disoriented and hurt, Ruby was still at my side, telling me about how she loved me and how she had only Changed me so we could be together. And I believed her.” He scoffed. “I’m pretty sure Lucifer was disappointed with me from the beginning though – his plans had probably foreseen that I would turn into an equally dominant alpha as my brother, and for us to engage in some epic fight for leadership.”
When he realized there would be no reaction from the omega in the near future, Dean strolled slowly towards the smaller man. He smirked. “What brings you here to my private retreat after dark? Are you up for a little celebrating after all?”
“But I admit I am surprised. I thought you were not interested. You behaved odd since our family dinner. Distant.”
So instead, Castiel jumped back onto the bed, curled up, and dozed off with a comforting feeling in his stomach.
But Dean only moved his hands into fists. Then he roared so loud that a few birds flew away from their hideouts in the trees around the pair.
“Hey. Claire.” When she looked back up at him, Dean pulled her into an abrupt hug. It broke Castiel’s heart to see her slump against Dean in a way she would have never allowed herself before. At the same time, Castiel was happy that she accepted the comfort her alpha could offer. “You didn’t do anything wrong, Claire. You protected yourself and your friends. I wish we had more time right now, but I need you to keep going. I need you to keep them safe. Don’t engage in any other fight if you can avoid it. Wait until you are all well rested – maybe even until both you and Jack can shift again, if the hide-out proves to be safe enough. Keep watch constantly but change shifts – you all need to sleep. Including you.” Dean looked at Castiel over Claire’s head for a moment, then he added with a soft smile: “You’re no use to them if you die from exhaustion, you know.”
“For the first time in weeks, I was feeling like I could breathe again. It helped to have Dean’s scent around me, omnipresent in the car, as well as Bobby who is also an alpha and as close to me as a father. Then, after mere seconds or long hours, I felt something in me break. But despite the pain, I felt calm.”
After another round of cuddling, Dean turned the movie back on and excused himself to the kitchen to make some sandwiches. Naturally, Castiel was supposed to stay on the couch and enjoy the show.
A minute later, his brother Sam found him like that in his private office: rubbing his hands over his temples like he was fighting a migraine. As if werewolves could have those. It was one of the upsides of sharing your body with a beast – you never got sick, and even most injuries healed quickly.
“Definitely an alpha. No beta would be able to get this nuanced. I mean, it’s not perfect, but close enough. Maybe even as close as you can get.”  Dean looked directly at Castiel for the first time since he had entered the kitchen, and his pose changed instantly. Instead of looking like he was going to punch someone anymore, his expression softened, and he slowly walked towards Castiel to stroke a hand up and down his back until the omega leaned forwards and let his head rest on Dean’s shoulder. The alpha hugged strong arms around Castiel and the omega instantly felt better. After a few minutes, Dean said in a teasing tone that doubtlessly was supposed to lift Castiel’s spirits. “I guess I should be jealous now. Someone really seems to have taken an interest in you. Maybe he is rich and handsome – and you’ll leave me for a boring gardener with a big mansion and his own library.”
“Oh? Maybe my fingers are good enough after all?” He asked with a smug smile and rubbed over that spot again.
When Castiel walked down the stairs, the giddiness he was feeling since waking up slowly gave way to nervousness. No matter how wonderful last night had been for him – he was still alone in the house with an alpha he had known for less than 24 hours. Maybe Dean had lost interest. Maybe he hadn’t enjoyed their mating as much as Castiel had. Maybe he wanted him to leave right away. Coming to think of it, he had not behaved like an omega should. Dean had spent so much time pleasing
Castiel turned around, unsure if Uriel would try again to physically hold him back. But almost at the same time as Castiel walked away, there was a yell of “Mr Garrison” and Castiel quickened his steps while the voice continued: “How fortunate to meet you again. Maybe we can have a drink and pick up our conversation from last night.”
When they finished eating, Rowena, Garth and his Mate Bess started to clear the table and cleaned up. Castiel was surprised that the division of work seemed so effortless here, and even more was he surprised when Dean joined in.
Back at his tent, Castiel pleasured himself again. He had not expected it, had feared he would be tense and afraid once he was alone, but the only thing he could think about was how Dean had felt pressed against him. How good he had smelled giving out an overload of pheromones. Castiel moaned out his release with three fingers in his hole, imagining it were Dean’s. And this time, he refused to feel ashamed for it.
There was a pause before Gabriel responded: “Well, I do. Don’t ever tell him I said that, but you made a good catch there, little brother. Dean is not some asshole who is too overwhelmed by his own alphaness that he walks around killing people just because he doesn’t like them.”
Castiel felt dizzy. Until this moment he had somehow hoped (feared?) that this was just some kind of side effect; that everything would go back to normal. But obviously his
The omega heard the voice in his head but was not able to make sense of it for a few seconds. Sam, he slowly registered. He had a feeling that the beta had tried to get his attention for quite a while now.
Dean chuckled and pecked Castiel on the tip of his nose. With that simple gesture, the tension left both men’s bodies. They might need to reconsider some choices, but it felt like they would be all right, eventually. Castiel shifted so that he was now straddling Dean, face-to-face. The omega slowly tipped his head to the side and this time, Dean leaned in without hesitation. The alpha breathed in deeply and Castiel could feel lips and a hot tongue wander over his throat. When Dean nipped lightly at a sensitive spot, Castiel let out a low moan. He tangled his hands into Dean’s short hair and pulled his head back slightly, so he could kiss the alpha. He simply pressed his lips on the other man’s, without finesse, until Dean started to move slowly, and licked and nipped at Castiel’s mouth. The omega soon mimicked Dean’s actions until their tongues chased each other.
nonetheless – he would never hear the end of it. How an omega was unfit for such responsible assignments. How easily they got overpowered by their nature. Frail and spineless.
“No,” Dean replied in a firm voice. “Pool. Maybe darts. But I won’t have him at bowling night. It’s horrible enough as it is.”
“Castiel,” Hannah’s head appeared at the door, but instead of coming in, she just waved at him. “Come on. The Winchesters are arriving. Let’s take a look!”
“Oh, this is all such a mess. Castiel, what does it mean to you when an alpha hands an omega food from their own hands?”
Castiel wondered at that. He didn’t know what puzzled him more – that Dean was so obviously worried about him or that he admitted his fear. Alphas didn’t do that. They were fearless warriors – or at least that is what they broadcasted. After a few more heartbeats, Castiel decided to tell the truth – and live with whatever consequences.
Castiel had tried not to think about the Alpha yet, and he was not surprised when he felt his wolf purr at the thought of him. He noticed that some other part why he liked the house was the fact that there seemed to be a light trace of Dean around the whole place. And Castiel really liked how his Mate smelled.
The door opened and in walked a sturdy looking woman. Behind her was a whole league of servants and Castiel quickly pulled a blanked over himself to cover his still naked body.
“Cas, I… I am proud of your progress in self-defence, but that does not make you a trained fighter.” Dean talked slowly, overthinking every word beforehand. “Yes, you have some skills, but you have never been in a real fight. And I feel safer with a
Only, it was not Gabriel anymore. It was Michael, unsheathing his sword and staring down at Castiel. The omega instinctively bared his neck in submission, but Dean stepped in front of him, to protect him. Castiel’s heartbeat quickened in his fear.
Now it was Castiel’s turn to nearly suffocate in a tight embrace. Afterwards, he managed to mumble out a
Castiel had finally reached the cabin. He pushed the door open and was inside in an instant; and without hesitating, he slammed the door shut behind him. He could hear Dean growl outside, irritated at the slowdown. When the door flew open again with a loud crack, Castiel was already running for the stairs. But before he had even reached the first step, he felt strong arms around him, dragging him down to the floor. Castiel instantly went pliant under the alpha and bared his neck again. Overwhelmed by the excitement of being caught by his mate.
From the soft strokes on his back he could tell that Dean was already awake. He contemplated for a moment to pretend to be still asleep, but obviously the alpha wouldn’t be fooled that easily.
Jack looked at him with a dubious expression. Then he said slowly: “Sam said… he said I should be punctual, and I should work hard. That it might impress him.”
“Because you need to train how to fight in your human form just as much as in your Second Skin. You might not always be able to change, in a real fight. You might be too tired, or hurt, or otherwise weakened. And most of all: Because I told you to train in human form only. If you can’t listen to a simple request, you might as well piss off.”
It was even worse than that first day when he had believed that his feet would fall off. Right now, he was just as exhausted as he had been then – after all, he had turned into a magpie a few hours ago and that would usually be enough to wear him out for the rest of the day – and to make it harder, the path Dean had chosen was even more rough and uneven than before. Added to the physical challenge was a new fear that Castiel had not felt before; at least it had never been quite so tangible. Mostly, he was afraid that they would run into some heavily armed opponents again. Those who had managed to retreat after the fight might have run back to their village or patrol station to alarm their fellow soldiers and would come looking for them. To make it worse, Castiel was not only scared for his own safety, and Dean’s – but who was to say that the wannabe soldiers would not find their friends as well? Maybe they had already caught them. With Jack so wounded and the rest of them quite tattered, Castiel could only hope they had arrived at their supposed hide-out place quickly enough. But he could not know for certain that his friends were safe.
“Please, come with me. I would very much like to get to know you. And I promise a good roast beef for dinner – assuming everyone will be alive by then.”
Not for the first time in the last 24 hours did Castiel think he was behaving like a teenager. But he didn’t care one bit as he had waited all his life to find his Mate. It seemed appropriate to act a little over the top on such an event.
The tall wolf in front of them kept his eyes fixed on Castiel, hardly glancing at his two companions. He took in a deep breath and Castiel was sure he could smell that he was an omega – probably even that he was not claimed. Anna subtly stepped in front of her brother, bristling and curling back her lips.
Castiel did not want to know what exactly she had never thought of him, so he interrupted her. “I did not elope! And Dean and I are not… we are not here … together… well…We did travel together, but…”
“Don’t thank me yet. This is far from over. She needs a lot of exercise. Have her join some martial arts team. Get a fireplace and let her take care of the firewood. And I will try to come by more often.”
“Well, yes, he’s the reason we know so much about the journey to Loki. He trades with the city all the time.” Dean sighed and glared at the wall again. “Come on, Cas. Let’s just hope we’re walking away from the gate, and not towards it.”
“Of course I look forward to getting to know you, Samuel, as well as Adam. But as brothers, not potential mates.” Castiel announced in a friendly tone. He looked so composed, no one would have guessed his life had been in danger a mere hour ago. The omega turned to John and looked him straight in the eye in a way even Dean seldom dared. “I have already made my choice, Lord John.” Castiel took Dean’s hand and surprised not only the alpha with the sudden announcement. “I want Dean.”
By the time Claire had packed up her things and some of the food, she had found her usual cheekiness again. She now seemed to think it was hilarious how their fearless leader needed to hide somewhere in the forest, because Castiel’s scent had triggered a rut. At least she did tell Castiel she felt sorry for him and not to worry. “It’s not your fault, really. A heat will not ask if the time is right before it hits.” Obviously, her amusement was solely fixated on Dean’s discomfort. And how his rut had started even before Castiel’s heat had fully peaked. “He’s probably humping against a tree right now, imagining it was you.”
He thought he might have been right before. This arranged marriage thing seemed not like such a bad idea after all.
They had discussed that from now on, Dean would go back to work every day for a couple of hours. Castiel was more than okay with that – it surely eased his guilt. After all, Dean had needed to take one whole week off already, and without warning. Castiel imagined, with him being the CEO, that might have caused some troubles. On the other hand, no one had seemed panicked or overworked when Castiel hat visited WinSec yesterday. But he still thought it was a good idea for Dean to show up at the office again, if only for a couple of hours.
let himself be lured into a fight. One he had tried to keep secret from Castiel, if only for a few hours.
“Wait a moment… Castiel, you said you met Dean before.” Sam rubbed his hand over his face like he suffered from the beginning of a headache. “In the stables, right?” He turned to the alpha guard with a disbelieving expression and pointed at Castiel. “Dean, is
Castiel would have assumed that the fight would leave the pack bond in chaos for some while, but the Winchesters did not have too many problems getting back in order. Most even seemed to have enjoyed the fighting, even though Castiel could not fully comprehend why. He had talked to Dean about it, but the Alpha had only laughed at him and proclaimed that maybe an omega could never really understand the thrill of a good fight. Castiel was not amused by that remark. He did not think it had anything to do with his second gender, but he could well live without another battle for the next century or so. Same counted for Charlie, and she was an alpha, like Castiel had pointed out to Dean. While Jody, another omega, always seemed to enjoy a little challenge. Castiel had not liked stereotypes while he had been fully human, and he had not changed his mind since he became a werewolf. Sometimes, he felt like Dean needed to be reminded of that fact.
As he stepped over the threshold, Castiel felt a rush of adrenaline. He tried to think of Dean, and how casually the alpha would snoop around, excuse always ready on his lips in case he got caught. But Castiel was not half as relaxed, and his heart beat so loud he was scared he would not even hear anyone following him upstairs over the drumming sound.
When Alastair made another step, Castiel knew he had to hurry. He pushed down the handle behind him and ran backwards into the living room.
As it turned out, his worries were unnecessary. As soon as the broad woman saw Castiel, her features softened and she regarded him with a warm smile. “There you are, sweetie. It is a pleasure to meet you.” Just like Charlie had before, the beta walked up to Castiel and pulled him into a tight embrace. Within the last four days, Castiel had received more physical contact than in the ten years before. When the omega was able to breathe again, Dean was standing beside him.
Castiel cocked his head to the side, confused. Was Gabriel here to tell him that he should wake up and get in touch with reality, because the alpha of Pack Winchester would never want an omega who is much older and has no noteworthy qualities to bring to any relationship? Like an intervention. Castiel had read that some people did this kind of thing. But Gabriel seemed in such a good mood. True, the short beta liked to prank people, and he sometimes had difficulties to realise when he crossed a line – but he was never intentionally cruel. He would not grin like that if he intended to break Castiel’s heart.
The next week passed slowly, and yet, at the same time, Castiel felt like the days flew away too quickly. They were still searching for clues, trying to find a thief and a killer, but after a while the omega had to fight with his growing frustration. Some tasks took a lot of time and still led nowhere. Like watching hours and hours of surveillance footage. Even though they shared the work between quite a number of people – Castiel and Dean, Sam, Eileen, Benny and Charlie – they did not seem to get anywhere. And sometimes they communicated not as well as they should have. For example that time, when first Sam and Eileen, then Benny, and even Castiel himself tried to find any camera that might have caught a picture of whoever had used that secluded telephone box to call Uriel just before Dean had arrived at the hotel. But it was probably best to have something triple-checked than to forget about it altogether. But still, no one had managed to find out who the secret caller was.
ready. If I am going to be any more ready, I’ll explode!” Castiel had no time to be shocked at his outburst – with a low chuckle Dean finally entered him in one slow relentless move. Castiel let go of a loud moan. This was how he was supposed to be. Filled up with the length of Dean’s cock. His alpha.
“What I am saying, baby…” Dean sat up as well and licked lightly over the crook of Castiel’s neck – a move, as he had learned last night, that made the omega melt into the mattress “… I have been interested in you for a long time as well. I’m a full-grown alpha, but I am not ashamed to admit I nearly fainted when I realised you were the omega who would go on an undercover mission with me, to be my pretend-mate. I was sure I would not make it through a day without embarrassing myself.”
Castiel suddenly stopped, not able or wanting to finish his line of thought. Now it was Dean’s turn to press Castiel’s head under his chin, pulling him close to his chest in a protective manner. The alpha growled lowly and Castiel was reminded that they were still alone in their bedroom with who knows how many shifters waiting outside for Dean to calm down and not attack them.
asked him, had he? Even though Castiel had been with child, the alpha had told him there was no future for them. At least not with a child in the mix. So what had changed his mind now?
“Well, you should have told me, instead of humiliating me in front of the whole school.” Alex’ tone was a lot gentler than her words would imply.
However, Dean had been surprised that he himself had wanted to flirt a little. There was something in the way Castiel looked when he was blushing that made Dean want to make it happen again. But then he had picked up on a light trace of fear – in that otherwise very pleasant scent of the omega; spicy and only a little sweet, not too flowery – and Dean did not want to smell that kind of fear on him again. So he would behave for the next few days, and he would not try to make him blush again by bringing up their eventual mating bond. Probably.
“And by the way, have you told Captain Mills that you don’t think a woman could be capable of overpowering a male alpha? I am sure she would love to hear about that.”
Afterwards, Dean brought Castiel to Claire. They met the girl in the quarters Jody shared with her adopted daughters. Dean left the two alone, and Castiel looked at Claire questioningly. Dean had not told him what was going on, and he was surprised to see the girl looking so --- fragile. She always appeared so fierce, it was easy to forget how young she still was. Not to mention, the last times they had met, Claire had seemed ready to lunge at him. But not today. Dean had told him that it was Claire who had asked to see Castiel, but now, she did not say a word. Castiel cleared his throat.
for an omega to change shape – the only time they were expected to do so, was during the claiming. To mark an omega irrevocably as theirs, the alpha needed to be in wolf form – and it would be excruciatingly painful for the omega to stay human during the ordeal.
After he had quickly pulled on some fresh tunic – and Rowena had snickered in a way that really irritated him – he followed her to the heat tract.
“Thank you, Dean. For spelling everything out for me.” Castiel smiled softly. He wondered about how much he had been doing this since he met Dean, smiling and even laughing. “I fear my encounters with alphas have never been… pleasant. I will try to be less prejudiced.”
of Dean…” He thought – if he took the job, he would have to tell Gabriel some part of it anyway. “The captain asked me to… take a seminar. An important one. But I would have to be accompanied by an alpha. And Dean is the only one I would feel comfortable with.” He raised a hand as Gabriel opened his mouth. “No! Because I feel safe with him and I trust him. Nothing else.”
An hour before dinner time, Ellen knocked at the door and offered to show them around the Castle. Castiel was relieved – he had not been sure whether or not he was allowed to do so. Dean had welcomed his friends as guests – but Castiel did not really know about protocol when it came to visitors.
He took off his coat and his shoes, walked to the living room and looked out the window, watching the sunset as the apartment turned dark.
And then Castiel changed into his wolf form as well. He was quick, and Dean was still slow from his wounds and a bit heavy minded from the burden of what he had to do.
“Yes! No, I mean… I don’t think you want to. But the result is the same.” Castiel took a deep breath, trying to calm down. “I want to go out, Dean. And I should be allowed to. I should not have to ask for your permission to do… anything. I can see you want to keep me safe, but I don’t want to sit around and wait anymore. I want to see if the crocuses bloom already, or chase after some squirrels.”
. Castiel did not know why he felt so disappointed that Sam obviously did not consider that path for him anymore.
“Do all alphas have to ask permission if they want to mate anyone in the pack?” Castiel whispered towards Meg.
Dean looked pleased – and relieved. “Good. I really want you to get along with my brother and my closest friends. Would be kind of awkward if you didn’t.” Dean groaned. “But I can only imagine what they will gossip about at the office now. Just don’t be surprised if all my co-workers know more about you than I do when we finally visit.”
Castiel blushed deeply, but Dean only grinned: “Well, you lot have been asking me for years when I will finally sire strong alpha pups.”
She waved her head dismissively in Dean’s direction who had stopped and watched Castiel with an amused smirk in his eyes.
Dean let out a mixture of a scoff and a growl. “We are True Mates, Cas. I am sure that whoever you are betrothed to will understand that things have changed.”
Sam smiled sadly. “That is probably the thing he regrets the most. You know, he always wanted to be a mechanic and I think he would have been more than happy to take over Bobby’s garage one day. But he was convinced, that he needed to provide… better. And when my brother sets his mind to something, stupid as it might be, there is no force on earth that will stop him.” He chuckled, this time real amusement in his eyes. “He even started to read up on omegas and helped me through my heats as best as he could. And believe me, I truly am grateful for my brother – he adjusted his whole life to care for me and protect me. Even after I had been a horrible brother to him.” Castiel looked up, surprised, but Sam just continued. “But that is a story for another time.”
“Ah, there you are, Castiel.” The shifted attention of their client made Naomi and Uriel finally notice their employee and walk towards him. The betas were unaware of Castiel’s condition since his heat was just beginning – nonetheless Naomi eyed him curiously for a moment.
Dean laughed, the sound was rough and honest, sending a shiver down Castiel’s back. “I make you a deal: I will try to sleep when you go back to your tent.”
“Wait it out, Castiel,” Cole mumbled, though Castiel could practically feel how much the alpha wanted to rush out as well and help his pack mates.
