“Buggering each other? No, I’m not ‘opposed’ to it, like I said; I’m not taking you to bed because of the cameras. We’ll get there soon enough in our own time.”
Scars on Sherlock’s back flashed through John’s mind. “I have an idea of it. Sherlock need to know everything. Moriarty, the other sibling, everything.”
His eyes flickered from the woman in front of him and the dark road where the cab had long vanished. John smiled politely. She was attractive and there. He could get  off with her if he wanted; Sherlock had said that she was looking for a night companion. But it felt off, not right. Going home with her just for a shag wouldn’t make him feel any better, even if he did need some relief. He wasn’t the man for a one-night stand. He missed being wanted for more. Being a part of something, in love with someone who had nothing to hide, who loved him back. He brandished his left hand, showing the ring of his failed marriage. “I’m actually married.”
The rest of his question never escaped his lips. John didn’t register Sherlock’s fist until it connected to his jaw and he was on the floor.
John could see why it was biggest picture; it was a beautiful capture. He tore his eyes away from the pictures and glanced around the flat. It radiated happiness of times spent together and of the future they were building, until a killer ripped it away. Now, all that remained was a shattered life for the other man downstairs, the body draped over an armrest of a red couch and ending with a dark-haired detective studying the crime scene.
A wooden bang echoed upstairs. John shared a look at Greg and crossed the bedroom, going down the stairs with an arm full of clean clothes. “That was his door. I better get ready before he decides to leave me behind again.”
John whirled towards Sherlock, studying his profile. Sherlock’s eyes studied the boyfriend. The DI sighed and fixed Sherlock with a look. “How’d know?”
John aimed his gun at the other dark corner of the room, and found a glint of metal aiming back at him through the shadows. John stepped into the light, still pointing the gun in that direction.
John couldn’t help the flash of anger that overcame him. It was Mycroft’s fault, but seeing Greg, John couldn’t help it. He wondered just how much Greg knew. About Moriarty. About the third sibling. Hell, about him and Sherlock. Maybe, he knew about the blackmail. His anger aimed at Greg just because of his relationship or whatever it is with Mycroft. It wasn’t fair. None of it was. He couldn’t help but to wonder which side was his friend on. His or Mycroft’s? John opened his mouth to ask when Sherlock waltzed into the sitting room, relieving Greg from the papers. The questions would have to be later…along with everything else. Number four added to his mental list. John sighed and walked into the kitchen to get dishes for the three of them.
“How did you get free?” John asked as Mrs. Hudson fixed her clothes before going behind John. He felt her cold fingers struggling to pick at the ropes.
A/N: So, happy belated thanksgiving if you celebrate it- happy thursday if you didn't. Either way, I hope your day was fantastic. Meant to update this a lot sooner, but writing those other chapters makes me busy. Thank you for all the feedback, guys. I was looking back at previous chapters, and I said that this fic would be finished at Chapter 25- oh poor naive me. Anyways, here's the next. Thank you to my beta Whitehart.
John felt light-headed. His trousers were tight. His palms sweat against his duvet. His fingers fisted in the material. His knees were locked, and if they hadn’t been, John knew he would’ve ended up on the floor.
“Inspect me, John.” Sultry, deep baritone bounced off the walls, going strainght to John’s cock that gave a slight interested twitch.
Walking into the kitchen, John answered as he put the kettle on, “A bit more than you think. It would make for some awkward pillow talk afterwards.”
The detective jerked underneath his touch; John pulled away, realizing that he absentmindedly reached out. The alabaster was covered in faded ridges. Some scar tissue was muddled more in several different areas, where the hits had been harder. Hard enough to break skin. All of them were faded. Old. John brushed against the darkest one. “These didn’t happen recently.”
There was a shuffling sound as Mrs. Hudson laughed lightly. “There’s no need for that I have plenty left back home. Are you almost done with your ankles, dear?”
A snort was quickly covered by a cough. Lestrade’s face was blushing from the pressure of a stifled laugh. The man slowly turned his head away from John and back to Sherlock. His body was still as a rock, and it was difficult to tell if he was breathing or not.
All the words in Moriarty’s speech had been words John has echoed to himself at one point or another in his association with Sherlock. Sherlock… is a brilliant man, who in turn, had gone against Moriarty’s words. Sherlock needed him, just as John needed Sherlock.
“Yes, I know, which draws me to the conclusion that it’s something about this,” Sherlock motioned down his body, and his eyes narrowed at John. “That’s upsetting you.”
John had to grin when Sherlock referred to her as a distraction in Sherlock’s head. He had to grin at Sherlock’s displeased expression as well. Then he pondered if other people they knew were in there. A part of him wondered if he was in there, and how he presented in that mad, genius head.
A/N: The next few chapter will be case-heavy, with some domestic fluff thrown in. Now, I looked at Google maps for the location of the place- but please send me a message if it needs correcting. Thank you for all the bookmarks/comments/ and kudos. Each one gives me writing life. I'm hoping to have this story wrapped up before the New Year with at least 40 chapters. Another thank you my beta: Whitehart, for clearing up my chapters. Thanks again!
“It’s already raining,” John stated, motioning the rain splattering across the windshield and outside to the grey sky. “Where are we going in Soho?” he repeated.
John cleared his throat. “No, let ‘A.J’ speak, Rose.” He bit sharply, emphasizing the name ‘Rose’ because apparently he was deemed a special kind of idiot who couldn’t make the connection. Mary had named their daughter after herself. He bit the inside of his cheek. There was nothing he could do about that now. Right at this very moment, he needed to know something else.
“Give me one-“ John swallowed the lump his throat, and motioned to the man in the pool with his free hand. “Why not-”
The three men turned to look at a crying man, sitting on the back of an ambulance, covered in a shock blanket. No words needed to be said. They were wrong about finding the killer at the College. If they had taken a different lead, then maybe the victim would still be alive. Yet, the killer wasn’t caught, and had taken another life, as Sherlock had predicted at the other crime scene. A serial killer, trying to perfect killing. John felt a jolt of devastation as he watched the man cry into the arms of another officer. His bloodied hands pulled, using them as an anchor as he struggled to his feet before collapsing on the ground.
John cleared his throat and shifted in the seat. His gun dug into his lower back. “It wasn’t a difficult shot,” he murmured.
“Mostly likely. You know Sherlock. Never still for too long. See you later,” John slowly drifted away, inching in the same direction that Sherlock went.
They rounded the street corner, turned onto a busy street. Rain was lightly falling, streaking the grey morning. Sherlock waved a pale hand in the air as he spoke.
John looked down at the half-naked man, robbed of his trousers and shoes. A part of him really wanted to throw AJ in the chair for a few days and see how he liked it as revenge on Mrs. Hudson’s behalf. But they didn’t have the time.
John nodded at Mrs. Hudson, completely ignoring her happy grin and wink before she departed through the open doorway. Her footsteps creaked the wooden stairs. John didn’t move until he heard the echo of a light door from downstairs. He briskly walked through the kitchen. Sherlock was still sitting at the table before his microscope. The only added difference- he was actually studying a slide.  John entered Sherlock’s bedroom, plucking his jumper from the detective’s bed, and pulled it over his head.
“He manipulated your brother, and you, and me. New Scotland Yard. The British Government. The jurors. The cabbie, Jefferson Hope. And probably countless other people that we don’t know about. There is some intelligence in manipulation.”
“She was definitely a harlot,” muttered Sherlock, and John covered it with a cough. He glared over his shoulder at Sherlock, telling him wordlessly to shut it. By some miracle, Sherlock received that message. Lestrade pressed forward through John’s well-timed coughs.
He furrowed his brow. Confusion passed though his mind. John remained silent, not knowing what to say except, “I always do.”
He whirled in his seat, pointing his finger at Sherlock. “You will wait. It’s for me. I never cheated on someone I was with and I’m not going to start now.”
A pale hand held out a pair towards John. He took the offered gloves from Sherlock, snapped them on quickly and joined at detective’s side, avoiding the bloodstain that formed on the white carpet. John followed as Sherlock spoke aloud.
The tight heat welcomed him easily, surrounding him in perfection. John closed his eyes, not wanting to shoot off before actually getting started. He grabbed Sherlock’s hips, holding him still for his own good as John pulled almost all the way out, leaving only the head of his cock seated within Sherlock’s first ring of muscles.
“Don’t count on it, Gavin, -” stated Sherlock, earning a sigh out of John, that Greg echoed from Sherlock’s other shoulder. -“I don’t think he was important. John, what do you make of the brunet man? There’s something remarkably unremarkable about him, wouldn’t you say?”
His head bobbed on his shrugging shoulders. “I was called into the clinic. He was supposed to stay at the morgue. He’s not answering his mobile. He didn’t happen to come back, did he?”
“And drugs,” Molly blurted out guiltily. John groaned. He leaned on the door, his head thumping on the wood, his eyes looking at the ceiling. “Molly, I asked you-”
There was a deep chuckle, footsteps, and the telltale familiar sound of a zipper dragging downwards. Then a gasp, followed by a pleased groan.
“Very good. Now do what you’re supposed to do to begin with. I have places to be. I’m already missing my favourite programmes because of you.”
Sherlock’s grey-green eyes met John’s as the taller man plucked up the violin once more. The chin piece of the violin situated underneath his chin, Sherlock turned away answering over his shoulder. “Everything.”
He nodded sharply and walked out the door into the noisy classroom. The door clinked softly behind him. His eyes landed on an empty chair and canvas in back. He sat down, not making eye contact with the student in a baseball cap next to him.
By the time John finished, he was breathing heavily. His heart was pounding. Moriarty nearly killed them both. Several times. This could be the last time they brush past death. Sherlock stood from the chair, and paused in front of John. John straightened up from the wall, caught in Sherlock’s blue eyes.
“You too,” the blonde woman waved, went inside, John watched through the window as the nameless woman reclaimed her earlier perch with a smile directed to another woman in Angelo’s uniform.
“Right then. Your vic has been dead for at least two hours by a gunshot wound delivered at the front of the head. Your team will confirm that much. I should go check in with Sherlock.”
John looked down at himself. He also noted he that he was, in fact, tied to a chair, and a bit indecent with all of his skin on display since he forwent his pants upstairs back at the flat. And his gun was still on the kitchen table, which was stupid in hindsight. The rope or whatever it was, bit into his bare wrists and his ankles. He shifted uselessly to cover himself with the dressing gown. It didn’t work.
And which apparently, answered his suspicion that Mary wasn’t tired at all, and she returned back to her previous spot. It seems that he caught her out. Good.
The detective winked at him before letting the sheet fall, pooling on the floor. All of it did, except for the pathetic corner that was still balled in John’s hand. To say John was flabbergasted was an understatement, yet it was a minor detail. Then again, he was the one awkwardly perched on Sherlock’s bed, dazed, from the preverbal flirting.
Sherlock’s voice drifted from below. “Stop that, John. You’re going to knock yourself unconscious before we even get to the bedroom.”
The masked figure turned to John. A sneering was clearly audible in his tone even if John couldn’t see his face. The gun waggled in his direction. “I think not, Dr. Watson.”
John followed Sherlock as they walked away to the main road in search of a cab. The day started to fade into evening.
John turned around lingering in the doorway. Sherlock was still sitting on the edge of his bare mattress. His eyes roamed over the debauched detective, taking in his swollen lips, messy curls, flushed cheeks, and two missing buttons in Sherlock’s tight black shirt with a sense of pride. The usual immaculate detective looked nothing more than he was snogged out of his wits. John did just that.
A/N: Well, I'm terribly sorry for slamming the brakes on this fic. Season 4 was....interesting. Since I started this fic before Season 4, there will be no references to it. I'm also debating on baby Watson's name- whether it be Rosemund or something else. Anyways, I'll try to be better, and hopefully finish this fic by chapter 25 or so considering they are short chapters. Thank you to my beta- englandwouldfalljohn(The Lady Amalthea).
“No. A Saturday,” Sherlock answered flatly as he opened the door and disappeared inside. John blinked rapidly, taking in Sherlock’s answer as he quickly followed.
John just gaped, in surprise, awe, and pure admiration in which Mrs. Hudson took down a freelance assassin before remembering that she was supposed to be tied up.
Lestrade rubbed a hand over his face. “Lock what down? The only one who seems to be following you is him,” he pointed to John. “No offense.”
A ripple of violation shuddered through John, and he tried to not that he let it show any. Perhaps, he wasn’t too successful in hiding it because Moriarty grinned like a cat that got the cream, and he continued, “No wonder Sherlock wasn’t all that receptive to me. Though he did look sexy on his knees over the video. I really wish I had audio…”
John grinned. In the lamplight, John could see the outer purple bruise underneath the scarf. He licked his lips and realised a familiar feeling down in his stomach. He shook his head, trying to dampen his arousal. The last thing he needed was to remember last night, and feeling the effects of it while on a new case.
“And it’s yours-” Both men started at each other, fists still in defense when John heard a car from the next street. “May I go back to it or—?” John motioned to the cars.
“So, your superiors thought it would be better to just close the case, rather than wait for Sherlock?” asked John. “What about real answers for the family? For the husband?”
The screeching of the violin made John jerk away from his task and into the living room. Sherlock had the chin rest resting on the side of his face. The bow was in the air, hovering over the strings as Sherlock retorted, his brow furrowed together. “I’m not being hunted, Mycroft.”
Most people couldn’t see Sherlock, couldn’t see the heart of the man behind the brain. There was a kind and loving man behind the persona that Sherlock wore like his coat around clients, the detectives at New Scotland Yard, and his brother. John saw him, as Sherlock, the detective, and the heart with a brilliant mind, as a whole soul made for John and him alone. From what was a rough declaration this morning, full Sherlock’s intentions, this kiss was John’s - of his thanks, his understanding, and his want.
John ignored Moran and glanced around. He hoped that the metal screech of protest that echoed in the quiet street wouldn’t attract any company. Any peering eyes or reports to the Met would go against the little time they had. As the criminal had said, they only had thirty minutes before Moriarty did something else. Whatever that was, it couldn’t be good. No, scratch that, it wouldn’t be, and John wasn’t really interested in finding out what it was. All he wanted to do, for now, was steal a car, put the first criminal in the boot, and get on the road to meet with the second criminal.
“No,” John answered. His eyes flickered to the other light source in the room minus the strip of yellow coming from underneath the doorway. “You hacked into the professor’s computer?”
“I lost track for me, they’ve been moving me all around and they just brought you here. They had to carry you inside and she knocked you out again, though I doubt you remember it much of that.”
John blinked. He sighed, realising what had happened. “Sorry, just dropped my mobile.” He bent down, picking the inoffensive object from the dirty carpet. “They’re slippery little buggers.”
She ignored the detective in the kitchen and turned back to John. Mrs. Hudson walked towards the fireplace. She shook her head at Sherlock’s dust collection, which covered the whole state of the flat. “Such poor manners, if I ever get to meet his mother…”
“Stop thinking John,” Sherlock demanded gently. Soft opal eyes stared back at John, making his heart jump from normal beats to miles a minute. John wanted to say something more, to ask more of Sherlock’s time away. He knew that Sherlock had disbanded Moriarty’s network. But he didn’t know what that entailed, or exactly what Sherlock had been made to endure. The detective stood and crossed the room. “It’s just another scar. You have plenty of your own. I’m going to take a shower.”
Sherlock echoed his earlier words, “All you need to do is ask,” mimicking John’s words earlier, “But right now, I would like to-” the detective motioned to John’s collar as he worked at the small buttons.
John huffed, fighting back a grin of his own as he deflated into his red chair. “I’m calling you an idiot, Sherlock. A bloody brilliant idiot.”
Green eyes stared up at John. Brightness shone in them, happiness, and disbelief. “Just like that? Even if it’s a trap? Or if Moran has nothing to do with murders?”
John quickly glanced over the menu as Angelo waited at their table. The bearded man shouted over his shoulder, over the crowd, to the kitchen. Angelo turned back to them.
The wall clock in Greg’s office clicked in the silence as John pondered on the image of the brunet, wondering what exactly he was supposed to be looking for. Trying to connect his subconscious mind to his forefront one. The brunet was standing next the bill-capped man. His black on black dress did nothing to spark a thought. John bit his lower lip as the man on the screen turned his head in flickering conversation between bill-cap and blond. Ah! John inhaled sharply, recognizing that look from days ago while he was in their flat. The uncertainty was absent from his face, making the face hardened with wear opposed to the young features, but it was the flash of something on that hardened face that triggered John’s memory.
John shrugged. “I flirted. Sherlock went undercover. Nothing too illegal, we didn’t break in this time,” he replied with a snort and a half-grin. He caught the taller detective rolling his eyes, turning his head to hide a smirk of his own. Sherlock’s features were schooled when he turned back to the DI.
“I have always wanted to know if you’ve always walked that way because your height…” started Sherlock, deft hands working on the button and zipper of John’s trousers. The pulling sound of the zipper teeth echoed in the kitchen.
John immediately noticed the scars around Moriarty’s chin, thick, long healed blotches where the skin has to be patched together. John could relate in that, which made him frown. He never wanted to relate to anything when it came to Moriarty, the man who had sent the Jefferson Hope after Sherlock, who had tortured people for hours because of some stupid puzzles, and ultimately lead to Sherlock’s disappearance from his life for two years.
“Well, that certainly explains a lot about my childhood. I’ll have to inquire more about my third sibling. Did Mycroft say whether the third was another brother or it a sister?”
The moment seemed to have faded away, because whatever Sherlock was about to say, it was replaced with, “It’s probably just Mycroft.”
John stalked back over to Moran, and nudged him with his foot once before pinning Moran down with it. Moran didn’t flinch from the pressure. John pulled the gun out and aimed.
Before John could explain about his and Sherlock’s ‘all-in’. Greg continued. “he also said that you were with Mycroft when I arrived. Was he trying to get information out of you about Molly? Because I told him I-”
“here...Sherlock?” he finished with a sigh when he spotted the large gaping hole of where Sherlock should have been. Sherlock was gone. He shared a look with Lestrade, both knew where Sherlock was heading.
“Nothing, not while I’m around,” John finished sternly. “Sherlock is, and will be nothing like you.”
The rest of his words caught in his throat and his mouth clamped shut. He couldn’t even begin to think of Sherlock becoming permanently… dead. Underneath the cold ground. John would not be able to go through another funeral and the rest of his life with that kind of finality, that kind of emptiness. He asked for a miracle once, and you only get one. It seemed like an unwritten rule somewhere out there in the universe. Any more miracles would be selfish. If he were granted another miracle to get this psychopath off their backs, John would gladly use it-.
John slumped against the man underneath him, drawing a mixture of an inhaled groan out of Sherlock. John didn’t bother to move, not when he was still in the mist of the afterglow. It turned out that he didn’t have had to worry about moving because Sherlock’s legs tightened around him, and shifted the weight. John flopped over the empty side of his full mattress like all of his energy had been sapped out, which it was. He wasn’t some young lad anymore. He stared up at the ceiling with his heart pounding behind his ribcage, catching his breath with his release cooling in his pants.
“You have no idea,” smiled John as he nodded in farewell. He started down the corridor and checked his phone. Instead of going after the lift, he pushed open the door leading into the stairs. The grey metal banged loudly when it closed behind him. Then John was greeted with wooly blue vision as his jumper collided with his face before falling into his arms.
“No, of course not. But you were correct about the timeframe of death, John. They were killed late evening; you can see that their coats are fixed tightly around them, perhaps huddling together for warmth as they walked. Which suggests they were friends, or possibly closer - the same lipstick shade over their mouths. If they were strangers, they wouldn’t be keen on sharing personal space unless in tight quarters like the tube, and certainly wouldn’t share lipstick. By the scent of their jackets, and salt on their fingers, they were…at least…at three nearest pubs around campus, having crisps along with their drinks. Their hands did not have defensive wounds, so whoever killed them knew they wouldn’t be able to fight back. Whoever did it, was aiming for one target.”
He pulled out his billfold, dropped the cash for the fare in the front seat. “Pull over, I’ll finish the rest of the way.”
He groaned when he thought of something else, something he wished he had thought of in the beginning. He stood up, ignoring the dizzy wave that overcame him, and wished at the same time that people would stop hitting him in the head for god’s sake.
“Neither am I. ” Sherlock offered in a deep rumble. His fingers gently twirled the blond-grey hairs on the back of John’s neck. Sherlock gently pulled John closer and corrected himself. “Was I. Those years away from your company, brushing past death so often made me realise how much I’ve craved for you without recognizing it. I meant to return sooner…before... everything,” Sherlock finished lamely.
At the same time he was flattered … more than flattered, really. He licked his lips, thinking how he had never expected to mean something to Sherlock, who picks and chooses information to keep, and deletes the useless. He’d never thought that he, plain John Watson, would ever be in there. It was something that he could name, but thought it would never happen between them.
John licked his lips, and then sighed, placing Sherlock’s clothes on the small black chair tucked away in the corner. “You can still back out of this. I’ll go up there instead, and you can roam about the classroom.”
“That was not a request,” countered John in his tone that he used as a commanding officer in the army. The very tone that demanded obedience, which his commands were to be adhered to without questions.
“There’s a difference between mostly dead, and completely dead. Are you leaving the gun or am I using mine?”
Something, which he knew, wasn’t his from the angle. A blush flooded over his face when his something jumped in interest beneath a pale leg.
The taller man leaned on the open doorway, arms folded across his bare torso. John bit back a laugh at Sherlock’s poufy wild hair from sleeping. Sleep lines were still visible on his face. Sherlock’s thin mouth upturned at the edges, blue eyes thoughtful.
“About twenty minutes ago,” answered the DI in confusion. “What are you thinking? What are you both thinking?”
John reached for Sherlock. He didn’t have to reach very far, because Sherlock met him halfway. John brushed the hair from Sherlock’s face with a grin. Sherlock’s smiled back, seemingly brighter than the afternoon sun. It was the face of a man who knew how much he’s loved. It was a face no one else will ever get to see, except for John. It was the face of a self-declared sociopath finally finding his heart, and finally seeing a future not alone.
John was aware that his hands were shaking as he opened the door leading into their flat. As he thought, Mycroft was in his dated red chair, a cup of tea perched his hands. He was aware of his anger, and worry. He had thought after finding Sherlock on the plane, it would be the last of it. Not being able to understand how such a brilliant person could be doing that, and underneath of the nose of a doctor. For two months!
A/N: This was one of my favorite chapters to write. Hope ya'll like it too. Thank you for all the kudos/bookmarks/and comments. I've been loving them! I also thank my beta whitehart who's been amazing!
“I’ve seen a bit of staring,” murmured Molly as John walked over to the door and yanked it open. He pointed out the door, “Molly, how about we grab a coffee while he tries to put pieces together.”
It had been two months since Mary’s disappearance. Would he still be with her if she were here? He had been ready to pack before; everything had gone down the metaphorical drain. What would’ve happened with Sherlock then? Three sharp raps rattled the loo door jolting John out of his thoughts.
“John. I will not leave you behind ever agaian,” Sherlock simply stated; saying exactly what John needed to hear. Sherlock’s hands tightened, the motion somehow grounded John, both physically and mentally.
Before either man could say much more, they watched Sherlock stalk away in thought, his hands fixed beneath his chin. John nodded at Greg before quickly jogging after Sherlock’s coattails to catch with his longer stride. He ducked under the yellow crime scene tape and caught up with Sherlock as soon as he stopped.
The traffic to Bart’s was miserable. John was pleased to pay the cab and let Sherlock stalk away. What could have happened at the flat was still in the forefront of his mind. Wondering again. He wasn’t opposed to it. In fact, the mere idea of closing in had John’s skin tingling. He could hear Sherlock before he walked into the morgue. The dark-haired man paced the room, ranting under his breath.
John turned away from Sherlock towards the dark figure that held a gun at them both. His eyes found the owner of the small hands and tiny whimpers. His heart skipped a beat for the infant. “Why don’t you step off the ledge there, mate?”
John half-smiled as he crossed the room to his patient, observing the injuries on Sherlock with every step. Two cuts on Sherlock’s face, one on the cheek, and the other cut on the brow. Knuckles on both pale hands were bloodied. Defensive wounds. It seemed like those were all of Sherlock’s injuries. Not bad at all. After all, they had been through worse--
John did consider that. Hell, he knew that the hospital was right around the corner. They’ve been there often enough with the serious injuries that couldn’t be tended to at the flat, and that speaks for how often they get injured. He could see the gaggle of women, stumbling across the road, disturbing the route of traffic.
Sherlock shrugged. “What would be the point? Mrs. Hudson has seen us in more precarious positions before. You were only retrieving my mobile phone from my pocket.”
John stood up and bent over, pressing his lips to the crisscross scars littered on Sherlock’s back. He pulled out his thumb, and pushed in his index finger. He held Sherlock still, when the detective tried to move past John’s first knuckle. They needed more lube if they were going to continue. He pulled his hands away and stepped back.
“Stop worrying. I’m really enjoying this.” Sherlock knew John was still worried about not personally preparing him, being a moan with the innate nature to care and protect. But just as he was saying that, he finally slid home, taking all of John in what felt like hours. Sherlock pecked on John’s face and nibbled on the doctor’s lips, only then did John open his eyes.
John continued, ignoring Sherlock’s trying for the last word. “But seeing you in here, I changed my mind. You’re not sore, are you?”
With that, John silently followed Lestrade as he took point across the short yard, up the steps leading to the door. It creaked open when Lestrade pushed it in with his toe. They were greeted with the view of a wooden staircase to right, and a grey corridor on the left that led deeper into the house. John glanced at Lestrade, wondering which way he should investigate. He got his answer when Lestrade nodded towards the staircase. The detective inspector’s torch flickered at the stairs. John took the hint and went. Lestrade disappeared in seconds, scouting out the lower level.
John inhaled sharply as he recalled the abandoned tube, the bomb, and humdrum panic he had felt at that moment. The anger he still had felt at Sherlock for leaving him alone, for hurting him with his fake death, and the epiphany that he actually forgave him during what he had thought were his last minutes.
The aroma of buttered chicken, green curry, and baked naan carried throughout the flat. It blended into the homey scent of Sherlock’s chemicals, burnt ashes from the fireplace, and the thin layer of dust. Any other time John would have happily inhaled the flavorful meal. He would have happily enjoyed being in their flat, with Sherlock, with the open possibility of more domesticity hanging over their heads. Instead, he stared at the plate in his lap, frowning. He was still moderately angry after his “conversation” with Mycroft, and seeing Greg in their flat didn’t help whatsoever. John couldn’t look, didn’t dare to look, at the silver-haired detective inspector because he knew what would pour out of his mouth if he did.
Years of high adrenaline experiences had taught John one thing – never underestimate your enemies. One should always be alert. He wouldn’t be surprised if someone jumped him at the entrance. After all, he had done the same for Sherlock when they tail criminals across the alleys of London. They always had each other, needed each other.
He stepped forward, closing the small distance with his forehead resting against Sherlock’s chest. He felt Sherlock’s beating heart, warmth radiating from his skin, the smell of his expensive cologne. He had desperately wanted them to be together, and now that he had it, John had no idea what to do next. Sherlock’s hands ran a heated trail up his spine. One elegant hand held the back of his neck, covering it fully, and the other hand stopped on his shoulder.
He grabbed his trousers from two days ago buried underneath yesterday’s clothing. John rustled through the pockets. The first pocket and then the second pocket. Then the back two pockets. And found nothing.
Sherlock shrugged, “Too late now, Mrs. Hudson lost it in a card game last week. She has been showering us in extra biscuits because of it. Stay here and preferably out of sight.”
A low growl echoed in the bedroom chiming in before John could remark. John arched his eyebrows. The sound didn’t come from him. The hands on John’s back immediately fell away. He grinned when Sherlock whispered to himself, and turned his head away from being caught out by his own body.
The last rope fell away just as Mrs. Hudson’s words echoed in the room. John stood up, stretching. Unfortunately, he was probably going to feel the wooden chair for days.
He sat in his comfortable chair with a sour taste on his tongue from one bite, stared at his cooling pile of food that he wasn’t hungry for. Sherlock flinted throughout the sitting room, his dressing gown whipped around behind him as he carried copies of the case files in both hands and pieces of naan disappeared into his mouth. The naan that started on John’s plate had vanished long ago, liberated away with nimble fingers. At least, someone was enjoying the food.
Perhaps, the warmth and weight had a little to do with Sherlock pouncing onto John’s lap, with both long legs framing John’s thighs. It reminded John of a cat, even more so when Sherlock rumbled into the kiss as John’s hands traveled over the muscular thighs, up Sherlock’s chest, and finally landing in inky tamed curls. The scent of Sherlock’s hair product drifted in the air when John fingered through the strands. Sherlock broke the kiss with a groan, leaning his forehead on John’s shoulder.
He continued to worry that someone was on the other side of the locked door, and could unlock it. His mind switched into being an army captain and was making tactical escape plans while analyzing their surroundings.
There was a huff, a curse, and a solid crunch when John hugged the wall shrouded with darkness. The curtains were drawn and the light came from the lamp in the corner. In the middle of the floor, John could see that Mary had destroyed the mobile that she had been on. The remains of it were on the white-carpeted floor. But where was she?
Sherlock inhaled sharply, white teeth nibbled at an abused lower lip. John frowned. Using one hand to unbutton the appallingly small buttons, while he used his other hand to rescue Sherlock’s lip from permanent teeth imprints. It seemed Sherlock was as nervous as he was. “Don’t hurt yourself. There’s nothing to be nervous about.”
Mary moved slightly, walking towards the lamp, and sighed. “I’m getting tired, John. Can’t we just sit? It’s been too long…”
Mrs. Hudson walked back into the room, massaging her knuckles with a disgruntled complaint and mobile in hand. “Here’s the mobile, John. He tried to b-”
He felt that wave of relief that he hadn’t wounded Greg by accident. It was one thing to shoot at the mirror; it was another to shoot at a friend. Or a flatmate.  John followed Sherlock’s conversation, while his hearing faded in and out to follow pieces. Sherlock looked at John and mouthed. “ Shot at. Surprisingly, you missed him considering being in such a close range. You certainly didn’t miss Jefferson Hope and he was much farther away.”
“Sherlock,” cautioned John. “There are two bodies, two victims, regardless of how they were killed or how they were supposed to be killed. Sentiment.”
AJ nodded approvingly as if John’s remark was a secret password amongst them. He pushed away from the wall and walked in circles around them, talking as he went.
John met Sherlock’s prismatic eyes before they closed with a flutter. John knew what was coming and met the kiss halfway. It was awkward to balance, and John could taste himself on Sherlock’s tongue. The kiss broke when John’s jumper was yanked over his head, leaving John in his undershirt and his trousers around his knees.
“Yes,” answered the detective. “I need to test for powder residue to match a particular brand of latex gloves. Which reminds me, John. You need to purchase every brand of latex gloves that can easily be obtained from a walking radius surrounding the block of flats.”
AJ’s watery eyes were glaring at Mrs. Hudson up until she delivered a hard punch to the side of his face. Then he flopped motionless like a ragdoll, knocked out cold on the concrete.
“You most likely struggled to remove it, having gained about twenty pounds since the placement of the ring. You have dermatitis around the area, and it’s still healing, so you’ve only removed your wedding ring…two days ago at most, which makes me believe you found out about her affair that same day. You are not scorned; your eyes are red from your drinking problem. There are only three reasons to drink: depression, guilt, or regret, take your pick. Either way, your drinking problem has direct correlation with your erectile dysfunction, which I’m guessing, that’s why your wife started her affair. It makes you feel emasculated, and out of control, you thought that killing her would fix your problems. Unfortunately, you’re mistaken in that aspect because you’ve created more problems for yourself. Am I wrong?”
He walked through the cream coloured lobby. His footsteps reverberated loudly on the wooden flooring. John walked past the front desk. It was eerily quiet, sending alarms off in John’s head that something wasn’t right. There should have been voices, noise, and music, anything of some sort to breath life into this place. It was as silent as death itself in a place that wasn’t supposed to be closed down for the night quite yet. It was far too early for that.
“As you like reminding everyone,” John retorted. He shivered from the wet clothes, shrugged off his coat and stood. He walked across the flat, heading for his room upstairs. “I’m going to go get changed because for some reason I ran all over London in the rain.”
John switched to the other body, taking the silent hint to switch places. Long dark hair spilled over the white sidewalk. Eyes glassy. He looked over the grey skin with practice and ease. Same time of death as the other victim. This time, blood spread the front of the victim, over the heart. The blood had stained the green pea coat a dark brown. With this injury, the victim’s death was quicker. Other girl had suffered more. He rolled his eyes when he spotted Sherlock sniffing the second body.
John waited with baited breath as his skin pounded. His lips buzzed, recalling their kisses. The air pulsed, charged, like every other moments when their eyes connected. John knew Sherlock had his walls up, but he was still hoping that Sherlock would say something. Anything at all.
John hummed. “Better.” And resumed his earlier strokes. He can feel Sherlock’s muscles flutter around his fingers, a sign that he was close to the edge. As soon as Sherlock’s body stiffened, John backed away, maybe pulling his fingers out of Sherlock a little too quickly…
“It varies between wankers who don’t listen, or wankers who chose not to listen,” Lestrade answered, and then he motioned at John’s gun as he drew his own. “You shouldn’t have that out. You’re acting as a doctor, not an officer.”
Was it too soon after his and Sherlock’s ‘All-in’ for them to be sending out the “happy announcement” as Mycroft put it so many years ago? Was it too soon after Mary to tell people about them? Wasn’t everything too soon? They had accumulated years as friends, best friends even, but this…He had made some sense about waiting for the right moment before jumping into bed completely together. This, having sex, was one side of each other that they hadn’t seen. John didn’t want anyone to completely know, he wanted to have Sherlock all to himself, even if it was just for a moment.
That question got Sherlock’s immediate attention. Blue-grey eyes jumped from the floor to quickly roaming over John’s features. “You’re divorced,” Sherlock concluded softly.
His eyes connected with the man below him, charging the air full of whatever was building between the. Sexual tension, maybe? Lust, mostly likely. Love? Infatuation? Could be. John closed the distance. His nose tickled against inky curls, his lips landed on Sherlock’s forehead because Sherlock’s mouth was parted, silently begging to be kissed. John worked lightly down, peppering the pale skin with light touches. He whispered words into Sherlock’s skin. Oh, what has Sherlock done to him?
Reflecting in the yellow rays from the sun through the open windows was his wedding band. John recoiled back, feeling the stab of rawness from his failed marriage, and the uncertainty of the situation. He bolted to his feet, and fled to lean on the doorway between the kitchen and living room. He focused on breathing for a minute, unaware that he had been breathing heavily in the first place. John cleared his throat.
As intelligent as Mycroft was, there was a bit of resentment there, and he sure wasn’t using common sense or any other sense for that matter. Sherlock needed to know about this current situation with Moriarty. Mycroft wasn’t there in the flat, watching the taller man inspect their possessions like a madman chasing ghosts. Mycroft wasn’t there in person to see what Moriarty’s ghost did to Sherlock. As it turns out, the criminal consultant may not be a ghost after all, and could torture Sherlock again.
There was a level of romanticism that John knew was there, something that he refused to say aloud to Ella after Sherlock’s…fall. Attraction he could deal with. Friendship, John could manage easily; but to feel ‘that’ again, it was dangerous. Unfortunately, he was attracted to dangerous, according to everyone but him. And he shouldn’t be. It could break him permanently. Sherlock had fixed him; Mary had fixed him once. Who would be there for him when he was cast aside again, left behind again? His gun, like before?
“Fear has a distinctive features on a person’s face and the body is hardwired to react to it with chemicals fixed in our biology. It’s a horrible mechanism that can betray even the bravest of men. Your face, right now, is radiating fear, no longer that false bravado you portrayed earlier. No, I believe that you’re being cohered into relaying this message, the punishment of failure would be your life. Am I wrong?”
Molly smiled at him, waving her hand. “You don’t need to explain. I’m probably the last person you should be explaining to. Like you said, ‘allowed to have a life that I deem fit.’ That goes for you too. I can’t judge people for what I overhear.”
Sherlock's end of the newly declared deal is here, John's red-hot embarrassment, and the writer's favorite chapter!
“Crime scene first,” answered Greg when they reached the landing. Then he started for the stairs that lead to the entryway. “I can’t hold it for much longer and I want to know what Sherlock finds. Three bodies this time, more paperwork and processing. I’ll text Sherlock the address.”
John simmered in the passenger seat as Lestrade drove, siren blared through traffic to get to where Megan Hageman was going to be murdered, if she hadn’t been already. The car weaved through unbelievably congested roads for this time in the night. Brakes shrilled against the blacktop, almost throwing John out of the windshield, stopping when cars slowed ahead of them, and traffic going into a standstill. Lestrade cursed next to him, blurting a whole string of curses that John had heard before. When they bet on games at the pub, not with money, but in drinks, which often made for a rough morning.
“Rebellious youth-… “ John mouthed quietly. That was something that he hadn’t known about his pub mate, a great piece of information to tease Greg with when he was good and pissed. “ Those car shows aren’t rubbish,” he argued back. Sherlock gave him a flat look, the one he has when a conversation isn’t going the way he wanted, John picked it up and sighed, “Alright, what have you figured out?”
The mobile popped in his hand, startling John once more. This time he held it, not wanting to seem like a complete weirdo, throwing mobiles in the early morning hours. The blue screen faded into black, taking the message into oblivion along with it. John pressed an array of buttons, trying to recall how to switch on this kind of mobile. It was adamant about staying dead and it was apparent to John that there was nothing he could do to bring it back to life.
There was a small knock on the door, stopping John’s protests that he wouldn’t be able to do this. He could hardly face Sherlock now without drooling on the carpet. How was he supposed to keep a level head out there? The noisy chatter from the other side made his stomach twist with familiar, darkened emotion.
It was John’s turn to roll his eyes. “Look at it as an experiment of delayed gratification then, yeah? Until the timing is right.”
John clicked the seatbelt free and pushed Moran off of him. He watched as Moran freed himself, and rubbed his bruising neck and they glared at each other.
Wordlessly, he pulled Sherlock to his feet. The detective grabbed the sleeve of his jumper, leading them into his bedroom. John turned around as Sherlock’s nimble fingers made quick work of his silver shirt. He pulled his jumper over his head. There was a spark of humor under the grief. This was second time today that he’d pulled his clothes off in front of Sherlock. The third time that he’d granted privacy for the detective. He placed his gun on the nearest nightstand. When he stripped down to his pants, John climbed into Sherlock’s bed and under the covers.
“Time to have a little chat then? You wouldn’t have happened to bring some tea along with you?” John met Sherlock’s eyes, giving the detective a lopsided grin that was easily returned. John nodded towards the only entrance to the roof, “Ready when you are.”
The detective’s hands fixed underneath his chin, “Interesting. So you are not opposed to the idea of pursuing a relationship with me, but more of corrupting your moral compass. You want to be all in. Correct?”
Sherlock shook his head. “There will be plenty of other times. Just the bed, for now. I need to prepare myself.”
“Greg,” John corrected automatically, rolling his eyes at Sherlock as he poured the eggs into the pan on the stove. “It was my second time trying to talk someone down,” John fought the urge to look over at Sherlock. Fought against the way his stomach sunk at thinking about Sherlock on the mobile, on the pavement, and the heartbreak that had followed him for two years afterwards. Then everything with Mary. Fought against thinking about the criminal jumper last night with the infant. “Never had to in the army, and it’s a bloody good thing that I’m a doctor. I would make a shite therapist.”
Sherlock’s voice trailed off when John grabbed Sherlock’s right arm. He pushed up the black suit jacket, unbuckled the cuff at the pale wrist, and pulled the silver shirt away. Quickly, John began pouring over every vein, inspecting for discoloration, blemishes, anything that looked fresh. He moved to the other arm. Both arms were perfect, fitting, somehow, for the man in front him. After checking every vein, John tilted Sherlock’s face up towards him. Green eyes were wide as John studied them. They looked clear, calculating, and fully Sherlock.
John yanked his blue wooly jumper over his head and tossed it at the back of Sherlock’s head. His fingers made quick work at the top two buttons of his shirt. “Yet, you mean. I’ve done a lot for you with cases but next time, you strip. You can turn around now.”
“You could say that a bit louder, Sherlock. I don’t think everyone heard you,” John remarked as he grabbed a pack of crisps, an apple, and a bottle of water.
Sherlock’s purple shirt was open; the fabric hung over his hips, barely skimming the seat of the chair. His blue dressing gown was discarded in a pile by his feet. Long pale fingers trailed over a round shiny pink scar. John’s mind suddenly clicked. It was the scar from the gun shot wound, one that Mary caused. The injury that almost took Sherlock’s life. John hummed. There was guilt again about Mary, about Sherlock, and he should have seen it. His heart jumped when he thought of losing Sherlock again. It couldn’t happen. Luckily hadn’t happened. That didn’t mean that the wound didn’t.
“I…my gun…I was going to…” John motioned with his hand. He doubled over, holding his ribs as he laughed.
“The killer stabbed one victim in the heart, and the other victim in the back. One wound was more brutal than another. The heart, more personal, they would have to be face to face. I believe you might have the beginnings of a serial killer. The killer messed up. They’ll want to try again,” Sherlock answered.
John stopped abruptly to avoid crashing into Sherlock as he whirled around to face Lestrade. “That’s not the question anymore, Detective Inspector! The question is how and why did he escape? Why now? Sebastian Moran, caught on camera, at a row of flats where a murder happens to be, and could potentially be linked to the other crimes! It’s not a trail; it’s a trap! ”
The rest of his words dropped into silence at the blunt pressure on the head of his cock with Sherlock perched above him. Sherlock’s hand reached behind, guiding John’s cock to push at Sherlock’s entrance of his body. He wanted to thrust upwards, to chase the slightest catch of Sherlock’s rim again and again, especially when Sherlock’s breath hitched and his muscles tightened up. John’s hands grabbed the nearest thing he could latch on to. His nails dug into Sherlock’s sharp hips.
“Opened eyes,” answered Sherlock finally. John stepped away and flopped back into his chair. He shook his head, furrowing his brow. “You know, if you were trying to sound cryptic as hell just then, you succeeded.”
He walked into the kitchen, and dug into the salad drawer for the menus. As he looked for their favorite menu, John wondered about Sherlock.
John glanced at Lestrade, seeing if he was following as well. Confusion also mirrored on the DI’s face.
Sherlock whispered in his ear. “This interrogation room is shut down from water damage at the end of hall. You’ve seen the closed signs, John.”
He shook his head, pausing on the last step. “No, it wasn’t about Molly,” John answered. “It was about Sherlock, actually. And Mycroft. Without sounding too cryptic…” he sighed, “what…”
The back of John’s head connected with the doorway in a burst of surprise agony. His backside protested with pain when he landed on the floor. His back, where his gun was, had the same compliant-.
John licked his lips, as his will was tested when long legs parted for him to perch between. Not a part of him touched Sherlock. John kept on his knees, not daring to push his hardness against Sherlock. He wasn’t there for pleasure, but to get Sherlock to understand. He didn’t know if the detective would, considering that Sherlock was moving to undo his trousers. He placed his hands on each side of Sherlock’s head, being careful not to catch a curl underneath, bringing their faces at an even level. John exhaled, meeting vivid green eyes from below. “That’s quite enough. Keep your trousers on.”
John rubbed his chin and smacked his lips together. Now, that wasn’t answer he was expecting, and definitely not too pleased with it, considering they’ve been at each other’s throats about Sherlock. And the pompous prick knew all along where his daughter was. Next time, he sees Mycroft, they were… once again… going to have some words.
“I don’t know what you mean about a third, John. The only third that Myc and I talk about is Molly. Are you feeling alright?”
“I’m apparently not going anywhere anytime soom. Might as well have a chat. Let’s start with why are Mrs. Hudson and I tied up like hostage instead of having a civil conversation over a cuppa? Or we could talk about where the hell is my daughter? Or we can even start at the beginning, yeah? Where the hell have you disappeared off to?”
Sherlock sighed against his chest. “You complained. You have a vise grip in my hair and on my knee, apparently.”
AJ huffed at John, and ran a finger over the scarred face. He circled closer to Mrs. Hudson’s chair, earning a squeak from the older woman. Then AJ migrated in the space between John and Mrs. Hudson’s chairs. He smiled and hunched over as he spoke to John, flashing the gun fixed on his hip.
John clicked his tongue, and rubbed his fingers back over Sherlock’s nipple just to be ornery since Sherlock was trying to be bossy. He was amazed he could touch now. He didn’t want to rush it, even if his cock was hard and heavy, waiting for his turn of release.
Sherlock’s voice carried from the living room, barely more than a whisper. “I’ve spent the last few hours thinking, and now I’m asking. I won’t…I don’t want…do what you want with it. But there will be days that I-”
He sniffed sharply to center himself before he continued. “What if, whatever this is, you end up dead, for real this time? Or if it’s my turn to jump off of a building? What then?”
John gave Lestrade a little salute, promised he would do his best not to get killed. Lots of people have tried, but here he was, still standing. John clicked on his light, shone it to the ground. “Lead on, Detective Inspector.”
He could almost hear the grin in Sherlock’s voice. John couldn’t contain a small chuckle of his own. “Yeah, and they’ll probably recognize you from them. I can see it now, ‘Live Nudes of Famous Detective’ in the newspapers. Maybe they’ll make the best drawing of you a centerfold. It will be a media circus.”
“Yes, but your witticism seemed plausible for all purposes of this case. I will be able to deduce everyone in the classroom, and therefore find our suspect. The circumstances are irrelevant.”
“Lestrade, is there any other camera angles from across the street?  Is there any more CCTV footage that brother mine wooed you with? -” Sherlock waved his hand, dismissing the question, and almost slapping John in the nose in the process. “No, never mind. I know his face, why do I know his face? Oh.”
Moran had been going for the boot earlier under the guise of letting the cabbie out. But choose to attack John instead. Thank god for that.
“The numbers are gone. They were in my dirty trousers before. I was going to give it to Greg, so he could hand it to Mycroft but they weren’t here.”
Then he grimaced. Another murderer? Another person, John meant. Hating that he sounded cold. These were people’s lives. It was just that he hoped that it would be a simple one, not increasing the probability of a serial killer was roaming about. Something easily solved so they could get back their case.
His fist slammed against the wooden desk, making his computer and other office trinkets rattle. His eyes still read over the words. Sherlock was gone. Disappeared. It wouldn’t be the first time that he’s eluded from every one. However, this time, he was probably getting a fix in the slums somewhere. Damn! He had told Sherlock that he would help him. He was a bloody doctor! Helping people was what he did! But what good could he be if Sherlock never let him help? John’s frustration grew. He slammed his fist down again; a jar full of pens toppled over, scattering across his desk and onto the floor. Ignoring the mess, John stood, stomping around the small room. He pressed the call button on his mobile phone.
But it didn’t. The doorknob wouldn’t turn. It was locked. The hand on John’s shoulder loosened, sending flares of pain throughout his back. Yeah, being in the chair did not help his shoulder any. But thankfully his adrenaline was slowly rising, and the pain on his shoulder eased into light throbbing.
Rubbing his hands together, John leaned back in his chair. His heart was jumping again. He could feel beads of sweat running down his spine, making him squirm. John pulled at his shirt collar. He licked his lips. Sherlock’s remark could have meant nothing. It was probably nothing. It was practically fine. But ever since the pub, John felt something under his skin. After finding out that everything was perfectly fine. More than fine, because hearing two men…being together…didn’t exactly bother him. Well, it was a different kind of bother. It was the same kind of bother when he wasn’t satisfied and hadn’t been for a long time. It was something that he should address soon, quickly in fact, if he wanted any of his sanity left. Every time he closed his eyes, he could see Sherlock’s eyes, roaming over him, fully dilated. He could recall the feel of Sherlock’s thigh under his hand. John rubbed a hand over his face. God, he needed think of something other than his best friend. He needed to change the topic.
Water cascaded down in front of them, and Sherlock’s large hands roamed over John’s shoulders, over his chest, and further down the lines of his body. John shimmied forwards when Sherlock’s explorations led to his ticklish ribs. He spluttered from the downpour, and wiped the water from his eyes as Sherlock laughed.
The car began moving before John could fasten his seatbelt. When he heard the telltale click of the safety mechanism, John looked up, and met Mycroft’s studious eyes. John clicked his tongue. “You know, I thought we moved forward in our relationship with the texting. Doesn’t kidnapping me seem like a step backwards to you?”
“Yes. There’s nothing more to go on than a mobile phone conversation three days ago. He wouldn’t know of his sister’s whereabouts. He’s been out of town, backpacking judging by the way he carries his shoulders. Slightly hunched, like he had been carrying something heavy, pulls at the back, makes sitting difficult. You should know at least that much, common knowledge really, and you being a doctor-”
When he opened his eyes, John was met with darkness in Sherlock’s bedroom. A warm frame shrouded behind him, a heavy arm laid over his abdomen and warm whispers brushed on the back of his neck in Sherlock’s sleepy baritone. John heard one word clearly, redbeard, before everything else faded with a sigh. John hummed comfortably. He was satiated, sore, and felt lighter as a person. They had finally gotten here. John shifted underneath the blanket (in actual fact it was just a think sheet of cloth), causing Sherlock’s arm to twitch. Sleep slowly faded from John’s mind as he looked at the clock on the bedside table, reading almost nine in the evening. No wonder it was dark.
John grabbed another mug from the cabinet. “In the kitchen, Greg. I was making some coffee. Do you want some?”
“Don’t come.” John stared at Sherlock’s long violinist fingers wrapped around that flushed cock, desperate to come, suddenly holding it tight around the base to pull himself back from what could’ve been a gorgeous orgasm.
Avoiding the mess on the floor, John grabbed one plates from the cabinet and scooped the eggs onto a plate for the sulking detective. He placed it in front of Sherlock with a remorseful smile. “They’re probably cold now but just eat. It will give me time to shower.”
John nodded because he had seen them briefly when he followed Lestrade to find Sherlock. “I saw a flash of the sign but I was more set on finding you.”
Sherlock grinned at him. “Because it gave me time to pickpocket your mobile, so you don’t phone Lestrade right away.”
“To answer both of your questions, I don’t know. I suspect I was a bit distracted with Mary’s disappearance, Moriarty’s potential reappearance-”
He sighed, running a hand through his hair. “It’s been an hour and he’s not going to tell us anything at this point. He’s so angry at her, he would rather see her dead.” John turned to Sherlock, and motioned at the door. “Did you deduce anything that would help us identify his wife?”
Sherlock sighed and tilted his head back from the microscope in exasperation, as if he hadn’t been driving John insane for most of the morning. John blinked in disbelief at that utter git. The doctor furrowed his brow in frustration, waiting for the utter git to go on. The chair screeched against the floor when Sherlock turned. Long legs crossed left over right, and quicksilver eyes met John’s.
“Yeah, you really are and you’re awful at it. Your face has that look; I should know it well because Sherlock has one like it. Jesus! A secret brother…is your lot completely dysfunctional? Your parents, they’re ordinary. But the two of you…or I should say three of you. Is the other one locked away in a tower somewhere or something? Can he do the deduction thing too?” John asked. He held his breath for a few seconds, and then he added confidently. “Sherlock doesn’t know. If he did…he would’ve said something.”
John swallowed heavily, his eyes switched between Sherlock’s eyes and to his mouth before meeting Sherlock’s eyes again. “I’m a doctor, been in the army, Sherlock. I’ve seen naked men before,” he whispered.
“You should consider yourself lucky that he didn’t kill you, dear,” she retorted as she tucked the gun into her pocket. “Considering what you put our poor Sherlock through.”
The end of the line buzzed empty before John could even offer his farewell. He quickly answered the phone to another pain in the arse. He couldn’t even get a ‘Hello’ in before the older Holmes started.
His footsteps echoed as he rounded a corner and crashed into Sherlock. John’s eyes roamed over the unruffled detective. “I thought you went to the lab.”
John was rubbing his hands on Sherlock’s hips, down his legs to soothe the trembling man- when Sherlock pulled his left hand towards the detective’s cock. It was flushed, and hard. Gently, John gave a few experimental tugs on Sherlock’s cock, earning high-pitched moans no one will ever get to hear. He pulled Sherlock down against his chest and moved his hand to touched where they were connected. Tracing the rim of Sherlock’s entrance, he looked up at the man, frowning, before closing his eyes again.
Mycroft’s expression remained ever stoic, wearing his indifference as well as his pristine, ‘not a hair out place suit’ towards John’s attitude. John leaned back on the comfortable leather seat, folding his arms across his chest. His eyes never left Mycroft’s when as John asked.
“Maybe he wants to brag about it?” he suggested after Sherlock told the cabbie the address to NSY. “We’ve had those criminal types before. Ever since the blog has been back up, we’ve had fans again, with your international reputation and all that.”
Now, he wasn’t pathetic. John wanted a normal life, with a safe wife, and well… that turned out to be shoddy. At the time, burning the flash drive was the most logical solution. But the problems of her unknown past always seemed to be popping up. John sat in silence, stewing a bit, but waited for the man to go on.
He was slightly disappointed with his results, but if he wanted industrial spoons to withstand Sherlock’s experiments, he now knew exactly where to look. It would be nice to have spoons without having to question what was on it, where it has been, and how did it ended up disfigured.
When he opened his eyes, John caught Sherlock’s eyes, full of permission, desire, love, and want--need.
“Where are you going?” John asked, choosing to ignore the accusation in his tone. He motioned at Sherlock’s wine glass. “You haven’t finished your drink.”
His thumb jammed at the call button a third time. One. Two. Three. Four. Five rings. Sherlock’s voicemail clicked over again. “Answer your damn mobile!”
John huffed, because only Sherlock would have something like John’s fingerprints memorised. He shouldn’t be surprised by it. This was coming from the man who stole his birth certificate in order to know his horrible middle name. He should be prepared to find out if Sherlock had some bits of his hair tucked away somewhere. It may be better if John didn’t know. He grinned towards Sherlock at the absurdity of that thought.
“I thought he was dead,” answered Greg as he hovered by the doorway. His eyes narrowed at John questioningly. “Right?”
The radio from Mrs. Hudson’s flat carried thought the air, offering a soft tune to the quiet staring stalemate between flatmates, best friends. It was true; John would be unable to get that much sleep, even less so if he knew that Sherlock had an injury that needed to be treated. He knew that Sherlock wouldn’t do it himself. Not without more prompting. And nagging. And hounding.
“I was surprised to see Sherlock letting me in. It’s usually Mrs. Hudson but Sherlock had said something that she escaped for the night, gossiping about the two of you would…get…together.”
Moran shrugged. “I don’t know, and I don’t ask. The last bloke who did, I had to cut out his tongue.”
“Sherlock…” any other words that John had, escaped him as he pulled the detective upwards with a gentle hand around the sculpted features. Sherlock followed the pressure willingly. John sighed when he saw Sherlock, prismatic eyes closed, and face shocked, like the last bit was a confession of sort, an accidental deduction that he discovered about himself. John didn’t care. Intentional or not, he closed the distance, bringing that full, soft mouth to his.
The rest of John’s remark died his mouth when Sherlock grabbed the back of his neck with a large hand, and captured his lips. Sherlock’s lips coaxed his into moving. John groaned into the kiss when his hip was pulled, collapsing his body pressing their chests together. His body meeting against Sherlock’s. Pleasure built in his lower body when Sherlock’s hips rolled against him, hands pulled at hips. John deepened the kiss, hands dove into Sherlock’s hair for a better angle, determined to taste the man underneath him again.
The glare of yellow street lamp reflected off of the golden tack across the door as the cab pulled up to Baker Street. When John moved to pay, the cabbie waved them off, stating that it had been taken care of. They hurried inside. John coughed behind his hand to hide a chuckle when Sherlock cursed his brother’s name again as they climbed the stairs.
“I could break your legs too,” John added lightly, as if were just an afterthought. “I thought you would want those for cases though.”
There was a flash of nervousness. It was fleeting and brief. Sherlock was everything he wanted. Bisexual or not, this was John’s first time touching a man. Touching Sherlock was as exciting as when he touched himself for the first time… maybe even more.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John, giving him a look that wordlessly said, ‘See?’ out loud Sherlock said, “Continue.”
His eyes met Sherlock’s as the taller man began to grin. John knew that grin; it was the one that he used when he was plotting something. The same one he’d had when he stole an ashtray. When he refused to wear trousers in Buckingham Palace. “What are you going to do to him?”
“Sherlock,” he warned lowly, getting tired of Sherlock bickering with Mrs. Hudson. It was one thing for him to be a pain in the arse on accident, but intentionally…Yeah, never mind that, Sherlock is always a pain in the arse either way. Just some days are better than others, but there was no reason to pick on Mrs. Hudson.
“Touché, Doctor. Let me tell you secret just between us: Rose and I trained together. I know all her skills, abilities, and talents. She knows mine. I also know there was no way that Rose wouldn’t shoot to kill. If she hesitated for a mere second, that was her shooting him nicely. He died, didn’t he?”
He stepped out of the tub, grabbed his towel and wrapped it around his hips. John shrugged, waiting for Sherlock to make a move.
Lestrade sighed. “Sherlock, I only came by the flat to tell you that my superiors are calling the Izard case closed. There is enough circumstantial evidence to place the Joe Bloggs at the crime scene. Not to mention that he did jump off of a building with a infant, it technically does make him a murderer.”
“On sixth, 2nd flat,” answered Lestrade. “I’ll call up. Try not to piss anyone off, everyone’s on edge.”
When the door opened to reveal Gregory – still shy despite the year, and dressed in black jeans and Mycroft’s jumper (dry-cleaned since) – Mycroft split into a wide smile. Unhooking his jacket from its peg, Gregory asked, “Ready to go?”
Gregory moved away with a wink, heading back to the counter to serve the customer which was patiently waiting. Finding himself reluctant to return to his notes, Mycroft’s each word was a laborious task and just highlighting a key term would take him at least a minute. Drawing note-boxes in pencil before moving to coloured lining pen (to ensure that the lines were straight and uniform) was another spectacular waste of time.
As the soft white flakes floated down around them, coating the world in powdered icing, Mycroft spent his time looking into Gregory’s eyes, admiring the deep colour of them as he stared off into the distance.
He caught up a few minutes later and laid his larger jacket over John’s shoulder in a form of physical comfort. They walked mostly in silence, and when they arrived Mycroft took it upon himself to order the drinks.
His eyes clenched shut and he bit down on his lip hard to prevent himself from appearing too weak. “What is wrong with Master Holmes, sir?” Mycroft somehow managed to push out of the cage of his throat, it sounded surprisingly steady compared to how unstable he felt.
“I suppose. I think I shocked a lot of people at a-level, though, because so many people told me I was aiming far too high, despite my predicted grades. Maybe I only succeeded because I wanted to prove them wrong. Without that motivator, I might not get the grades I’m hoping for.”
Sherlock liked to talk while he did experiments, and would often ask Mycroft questions throughout which meant that he wouldn’t be able to pull out his book. A topic that took up some of the time was their parents, mostly Sherlock’s discontent on their leash on his experiments and how anything that involved blood was off-limits despite being able to use a Bunsen burner without supervision. Mycroft’s favourite analogy (Sherlock had more than a few) was that doing an experiment with blood was as dangerous as him playing his violin and he’d been allowed to keep the wooden eye-poking bow in his room.
A third vibration caused a tension to spread out through his shoulders, but he forced himself to loosen them and continue on. If anything extremely bad had happened, surely they would be continuously calling Mycroft until he found a way to free himself to answer rather than texting sporadically.
Mycroft swallowed heavily, trying to push back the tears that were threatening to spill. Only fifty percent?
Like walking through a snowstorm, the week was a slow venture with little show of improvement; Mycroft had considered taking Gregory to the hospital four or five times over the week, but ultimately decided against it as Gregory still ate and drank enough to stay alive.
When Gregory tugged him behind a tree, he forgot his current conversational topic and stared at him like he’d gone completely mad and had started pulling his hair from his scalp. “Look over there,” Gregory hissed.
They stood like this, in the soft silence of the surrounding world, for what seemed like hours but was barely even ten minutes, the skin on Mycroft’s hands becoming pink-tinged with the cold. Gregory found his voice hoarse from the unasked question and swallowed in an attempt to gain courage.
A clumsy lump of a fourteen-year-old boy ran directly into his chest once he’d pushed the door shut behind him, and had already begun to speak at a speed which could only be understood if you recorded it and then put it on half-speed. Despite an outward demeanour of disliking his older brother, Sherlock’s false animosity would crumble away until there was nothing left of it when they were alone, or if Sherlock was undeniably bored with the rest of the world. There would always be a hint of brotherly disagreement in their discussions, but Sherlock loved to spend his free time with his brother if no-one else knew they were in the same room – Mycroft spent his time teaching him things that school refused to, and would watch over him while he did more dangerous experiments. Hell, Mycroft had even brought him 6 weeks of bee-keeping lessons for his thirteenth birthday.
Mycroft apologised profusely to Professor Ellis with a heavy blush on his cheeks, feeling uncomfortable with this new addiction of his and deciding that he needed to do something about it instantly. He resolved that he would no longer text Gregory at all during his lectures, as well as reducing the amount of messaging that occurred during the day as he was meant to be studying for his final exams which were the most important of his life thus far.
Mycroft, similarly, had grown too. Those two months saw him get his first for PPE and begin his life as a civil servant while learning some essential skills for his future. He’d learned how to time manage, and how to cancel plans without the sense of dread that used to accompany it, and learnt how to have friends while working hard the majority of the time.
“A hot chocolate, a glazed doughnut, a tea and a slice of cake, then,” John confirmed as the other barista imputed the pricing into the cash register. While Mycroft was handing over the money, John concocted Sherlock’s hot chocolate and added whipped cream (with a nod from Sherlock) along with a sprinkle of chocolate powder and a small flake pressed into the white mountain on top. He handed over the drink and a glazed doughnut on a plate, before beginning to work on the tea. Sherlock had already taken his seat at the table and was opening his first book – anatomy – when Mycroft received his order.
“So the only difference in his conversation with you is the intimate relations they now share? Absolutely delightful.”
“Crime and LGBT gave me cards to give you, and I strung them up. Irene made this beautiful one with a patched teddy bear and I’m pretty sure Mycroft has read through them since he’s been doing some snooping in the corner.”
The second vibration caught him more off guard than the first; his boyfriend usually avoided texting twice in a row. Still, he brushed it off and went about answering questions and enduring the endless comments about how he was surely too young for the role. He’d laughed them off and pretended they were a compliment on his looks rather than a sly comment on the state of Britain’s current political affairs.
Tucked under the blanket and Sherlock’s left arm, was a small lump of plush fabric. From the way that it had been arranged, it was evident that the nurses had replaced it when they’d jostled it checking Sherlock’s tubes; it was far too secure to have been placed by anyone else.
“I DO NOT care if you didn’t know,” John yelled, Mycroft’s hand clamping on his right shoulder. “I don’t care because these hickeys are indicative of a relationship, and the different shades indicate that it wasn’t a one-night stand and- and I only knew that because- Sherlock.”
An old grandfather clock struck one. John was efficiently removing his apron (throwing it in his fellow barista’s face) and then ducked under the counter with a laugh. “Oi! Don’t damage the counter shorty – just because you’re small doesn’t mean you can go under the latch whenever you please!”
“Hey Sherlock,” John said to the room as he began to scrub his skin at the nurses’ station (Mycroft pretended that the red-raw knuckles and dried skin went unnoticed). “Have you seen your bear yet? If you haven’t, it’s a bear in a bee costume since I couldn’t find a bee plush. I got it yesterday with K before coming to visit you because they said something about coping and needing to go out more and they near on abducted me. Despite trying to distract me, they didn’t stop me buying the plush when I entered this adorable plush store on a mission.
“I shall buy you honey on the way back. As long as you do as you stated, as well as act on your best behaviour for the majority of the trip,” Mycroft decided and then recoiled when Sherlock spat on his hand. Sherlock had taken to doing this whenever he made an agreement as he’d seen it once on a TV show and had decided that it was, therefore, one of the unsanitary traditions of the general populace. Mycroft had tried to convince him otherwise, but Sherlock had repeated time and again that Mycroft was not a member of the wider community and so would not know their customs.
“It’s no problem,” Mycroft replied softly with a smile. “I love you and you love me so this is very little; I have already decided to spend as much as my life as you’ll allow looking after you.”
Wiping his hands on his school trousers, Sherlock lead the way to the home lab. The small room (originally guest room two) had been converted into a laboratory when Mycroft had first started secondary school. Once it had been filled with his GCSE notes and his few scribbled experiments, but they’d been removed when he’d chosen to take English, history, philosophy and maths at A-Level and the room had promptly been redecorated to suit Sherlock’s need.
Although even Mycroft could admit what good John had done for Sherlock, and he’d never be able to thank the boy enough (perhaps he’d even helped Sherlock avoid the dreaded realisation moment where Mycroft had accepted that he’d probably never fit in with the majority of society). Not only had Sherlock been politer in conversation, but he’d actively clean up his lab – if John was coming over – and would make an effort to thank people if they did something to help him.
“No I didn’t think he would either, which is why I’m going to try my best, but it’s too difficult to put on a fake smile and resist breaking down when someone says ‘how are you?’ because ‘yeah, good thanks’ is far too far from the reality. I’m a mess; I haven’t showered in two days and I only did then because I didn’t want to stink out the ward too much. My hair feels disgusting, my face and hands are grotty, it’s just not something I can do right now.”
“I would have warned you that this was coming – even I should have noticed the signs. Just thought I was getting ill. You’d expect someone to notice when they’re about to step off the edge of a cliff but, despite all the clues, I never seem to realise.”
Two months had passed before Sherlock and John announced their relationship to their close friends and family. Sherlock declared it at a meal with a bashful smile, and John had a dusting of red on his cheeks, both looking so young and yet so happy. Mycroft found himself being even more accepting of their coupling.
Within thirty minutes of leaving the small coffee-room, Mycroft had decided to return; he’d been more than a little disappointed when he’d realised that John was not on duty and instead it was a different, slightly older teenager.
When he opened his eyes, the plane descending far too slowly, he noticed that his fingers were gripping tightly at the fabric of his suit trousers, tight enough to fray some of the fabric that he didn’t really care about. There was also surface level scratches on the back of his hand, the skin red and angry; he’d inflicted them sub-consciously in panic, or perhaps self-punishment.
Cheekily, Gregory flicked a solitary pea towards Mycroft after finishing his main and Mycroft playfully returned by dipping his fingers in his glass and flicking them at Gregory. They broke into laughter and crazy grins, and the servers likely thought them insane.
After putting on his lab coat, a pair of goggles and a pair of gloves, Sherlock began to explain the experiment that was lined up on the lab table. There were eight test-tubes of water and Sherlock explained how he was researching how different blood types dispersed in water, and whether this would have any effect on helping solve crimes where blood and water were involved. Mycroft decided it was unlikely that there would be anything of interest to come from the investigation, but didn’t mention it.
As well as the plush addition, there was a small vase of flowers that sat on Sherlock’s bedside table; considering their meanings, it seemed likely they were from John. In the small bouquet, there were three pink peonies to symbolise good health, a white calla lily for love, a singular purple hyacinth to ask forgiveness for not catching him at the bottom of his fall, and a small sea of white heather to indicate his plan to protect Sherlock.
“I was the one who let him in,” Gregory replied casually, ignoring the way Mycroft almost spluttered while taking a sip of his tea. “And he definitely did not get on his knees to beg. I’m technically the treasurer and we received a few letters that might be considered begging, but there was definitely no getting down on his knees. We had a meeting and I convinced them that it couldn’t do much harm – in fact, they’ve organised three trips to famous crime scenes and museums so far so the society is pretty pleased.”
“He cannot recite the periodic table backwards without writing it down, which means that he’s inferior to my greater intellect,” Sherlock told the older barista with conviction and somewhat of a glare, and Mycroft nearly face-palmed through second-hand embarrassment. Remembering why he often avoided taking Sherlock to public venues, Mycroft somewhat pitied his younger brother for being unable to conceal his intellect which resulted in him being bullied for it.
“I feel honoured,” Sherlock murmured, voice dry from the realisation that his boyfriend could end up dead from an enemy bullet and he wouldn’t know until the dog-tags had been returned, body flown back in a wooden box and the whole of the army singing the national anthem as a send-off.
Mycroft kept a meticulous eye on the time, and had gone through eight shortbread biscuits and five cups of coffee when Gregory came over which an apologetic smile. He moved awkwardly through the tables. “It’s finally closing time,” he explained, but Mycroft already knew that. About two hours ago, John had taken a seat with Sherlock and had started a discussion that Sherlock was mostly uninterested in – probably that girlfriend of his, then – and the rest of the café had been vacated about twenty minutes ago.
“I don’t know if I’m surprised by you being a note-writing person. You seem modern and fashionable enough to be typing up notes on a Mac book, and yet traditional enough to be writing with a quill and on parchment like in Harry Potter,” said Gregory in a soft tone, pushing one of his book-walls to the side slightly to place down a cup of black coffee and a small, thin slice of lemon drizzle. Mycroft quirked an eyebrow. “Sherlock said you usually have coffee while studying, so I took the liberty of making this instead. If you don’t like it, I can get you your usual and I’ll pay for this.”
He barely registered as Mycroft and Gregory left the room, going on their date or something, but grinned as his boyfriend settled next to him and pressed a soft kiss to the side of his neck.
Mycroft found no fault in his argument and quietly smiled towards the younger man. It was incredible how much the pair had grown together, and frankly impressive how loyal they were to each other; he’d never been gladder that he’d introduced the pair.
“Of course. I’ve freed up my midweek early evenings as much as possible so I can accompany you at his side and put business trips on a hiatus. I’d hate to be halfway across the world when Sherlock could deteriorate quickly.”
“They are,” Mycroft said with a nod. “However Sherlock is not yet 15 so it’s unlikely they’ll ever pursue a relationship.” The reply was somewhat hesitant and uncomfortable, so he probably looked like a fool.
He visited the university coffee shop like it was a drug den to an addict as he could use the excuse of needing to study, but the local bakeries were a one-time affair. These bakeries had slowly moved further from reach, with Mycroft making the constant excuse of wanting to taste the different rustic coffees and teas of Oxford city (Sherlock teasing him by saying he was closer to Abingdon at this point).
Smiling shyly, Sherlock waved a notebook towards John as if to say ‘I have something to show you so that I can bask in you telling me how great I am’. Due to Sherlock becoming uncharacteristically shy and awkward, Mycroft had recognised Sherlock’s crush very early on into the friendship and he hoped that Sherlock wouldn’t become disheartened if a relationship never occurred. He was only 14, after all!
John nodded, and a plethora of emotions flashed over his face, judging by the confused expression on Sherlock’s before the detective frowned.
There was a distinctive sound of tearing cloth, and John turned, spotting Mrs. Hudson cutting then ripping her dress and quickly tied AJ up. It was quick and practiced. John cleared his throat.
“No,” Sherlock remarked confidently. His grey eyes hardened, glaring at the man. “If you had read the gay romanticised blog, you would have known that I’m not for skeptics.”
The rest of John’s curses morphed into pleased mumbling. That was one less thing to worry about. He would face Moriarty with a gun after all and didn’t have to waste time looking for the lost gun in the cab. He grabbed a Beretta from the top and tucked it into his trousers. He zipped up the bag, and placed on the pavement for later. He did not want to have Moran and the guns occupy the same space.
Not needing to be asked twice, John climbed into the cab. He glanced over at Sherlock as London trickled by them. “Merry Mollet?” John questioned in a whisper. “Do you think it’s a coincidence?”
Sherlock flatly stated, “Withdrawal symptom,” before leaving the kitchen. A moment later melody radiated from the violin and its player in the living room, flooding the flat with music. Remaining in the kitchen, John couldn’t help but feel like Sherlock was avoiding the situation. Was maybe lying to him. After all, he did hear the word ‘Liar’ spill from Sherlock’s lips. Who was the liar? What was Sherlock talking about? Was
Turning towards Gregory to say his goodbye was horrific. Countless scenarios flew through Mycroft’s mind, filling his every thought regardless of their likelihood. What if this was the last time? The mission wasn’t classified as dangerous, but assassination was always a risk at his level. Despite every attempt to stay completely calm, Mycroft’s arms began to shake as he held Gregory as close as possible. His breathing pattern became more rapid; each breathe more shallow.
Silence followed Gregory’s declaration, and a sour note of panic began to beat in time with his heart. Due to his head tilting towards the ground, ready for the horrible rejection of ‘no’, he wasn’t prepared to have a taller man try and bury himself in his arms, hiding a damp face into his neck and both tumbled to the ground and sat in the snow.
“No, I truly, truly mean it. I’ve had girlfriends, boyfriends, partners dump me in the past because I’d have a small panic attack in their presence, and yet you’re still here after
“You’ll need to slow down, Sherlock, if you want me to understand even a word of what you are saying,” Mycroft said as he placed his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders to ground him. Mycroft often had to repeat Sherlock’s name, or physically sooth him to bring Sherlock back to the world of the mortal; his thoughts were often far away in an experiment, or his internal monologue would have a running commentary on his surroundings which became distracting when Sherlock wasn’t thinking of anything else.
They arrived at the staff change-over. Mycroft knew most of the staff due to his regular visits, but he was still weary around the stand-offish, punkish teenage barista that he’d spent an awkward afternoon with just a few months ago. Moody, the teen had never extended their conversation beyond the customer small talk that he was expected to make. And one couldn’t forget the judgemental side-glances that the barista would give him occasionally.
“They said fifty percent,” Mycroft admitted, holding John tighter as the boy’s chest began to heave and body began to rock. Teeth chattering from the shock of the reality of death, John let out an ugly sob into Mycroft’s neck. “It’s the chance of a coin flip, Gregory, and I’m terrified.”
One Thursday afternoon in early September Mycroft was sitting in the café waiting for Gregory to arrive. He was flipping through the dull Mirror which had been left on one of the café’s window-sills, trying to fill the time. It was full of horribly boring articles about celebrities and their children, infidelity and mildly more interesting sports commentary.
They’d been attached, almost like they’d been sown together, since somewhere between leaving his apartment and getting in the unmarked car. The solid grip indicated that there was no chance of Gregory letting go until he
The cool air outside struggled to fight against his blush, before finally managing to subdue it into a light flush; never again, he confirmed.
Mycroft would’ve been able to deduce Gregory’s intentions had he been paying attention to anything other than his eyes, but he remained oblivious as Gregory turned towards him as pressed a soft kiss to Mycroft’s lips. “I love you, and I never want to lose you,” Gregory murmured, one hand resting on the small bulge in his left pocket while the other reached up to soft stroke at his boyfriend’s cheek.
Despite being incredibly tired, Mycroft couldn’t imagine going to sleep; the idea of a nap was foreign to him and he instinctively knew that the bags under his eyes were going to become dark and swollen for the next few weeks until Sherlock was out of intensive care. He refused to think about Sherlock’s potential death.
“I’ll fill it out myself once I am sure my brother is safe,” Mycroft told them, eyes steeled. He’d hijack and fly the helicopter himself if he had to; he would stop at nothing to see his brother. His boss seemed to pause in thought for a few moments – Mycroft wanted to shake him and yell that his brother could have mere minutes – before giving a slight nod. Mycroft almost broke into sobs of relief.
“I don’t want to over-sensitise you after a long-term state of panic, Gregory. As much as I would love to cover you with kisses and warm you with soft cuddles, I believe it would likely be counter-productive. We’ll start with small touches and if you’re still doing well before bed we’ll snuggle,” Mycroft replied calmly, shifting his legs onto the covers and making it so that they rested lightly against his side. To his surprise, Gregory threw his arm across Mycroft’s lap.
Together, the group of four began their walk home. Mycroft was quietly curious as to how close Gregory lived to him.
but it had been recommended by most doctors as a simple infection could have a disastrous effect on Sherlock’s recovery.
After perhaps thirty minutes of silence, Mycroft looking absently around the room while John read through a few pages of his medical textbook, Mycroft stood and asked John to accompany him to the hospital’s small, mostly mediocre café. Somewhat reluctant to leave, John closed his textbook and quietly explained to Sherlock where they were going – even if Sherlock was incredibly unlike to wake up again that evening, let alone within the next hour. The walk was silent and somewhat awkward.
Mycroft winced when John turned the sheet over and there, in the same ink, stood a confident phone number. Crush, then. John dropped the pen like it burned his fingers before his face went dark in anger. Mycroft couldn’t even spit out a word as John pulled and tore at the sheet until it joined the confetti of sugar packets.
He’d taken to quietly writing his reports in one corner of Gregory’s room, weakly smiling at his unseeing eyes if they so happened to land upon Mycroft. It’d been a harsh week, and Mycroft had not been in the mindset to head into work; luckily, he was high-up in his position and was well respected and so he’d yet to be fired. That, however, was unlikely to be allowed to continue much longer.
A brat wasn’t an adequate descriptor for Sherlock the next morning – he was far worse. Mycroft had been the victim of name-calling more times than he could count, had been mocked about his weight at least eighteen times and Sherlock had caused a small fire with the toaster despite it barely being eight o’clock. Mycroft’s patience was walking on a tightrope as he cleaned up Sherlock’s messes, and he threated Sherlock’s honey after the fire.
Sherlock had yet to wake up – Mycroft thought that he subconsciously waited for John each day – so Mycroft’s allowed his glaze to wonder the room with an absent mind. They catalogued the stark contrast between the machines and the splashes of colour, the sounds of the beeping and far away steps, the –
The slope towards having a good Sunday was slowly becoming a cliff, and Mycroft could only hope that John would be the barista at the coffeehouse today rather than the stand-offish server from the previous day.
Once ensuring the other two were seated comfortably at a small wooden table, Mycroft went up to the university student that was their barista and quietly ordered three drinks: a latte with two sugar packets; an Americano with just one; and a caramel latte with three and an extra milk shot. Silent in both paying and collecting the drinks from the pick-up, he sat with a sigh and rubbed at his eyes.
In those two months, they’d definitely grown as people. John had focused more on his studies, while Sherlock leads a more spontaneous but balanced life. Sherlock had started exercising regularly (which lead to the discovery of his knack at tennis) while John was learning how to observe rather than watch, and received some pointers on how to write up his lab experiments at school.
“Today was okay, I suppose. A pathologist brought it a few cadavers and we were observing them dissecting a liver. It had cirrhosis – the pathologist didn’t mention it but I remember what a diseased liver looked like from that cold-case you had us read about at the crime society.
“I’ll be over-confident for you then,” Gregory said. “You’ll get a first with ease, and I could easily place a bet on you having the highest final exam score ever.” He then made a hand gesture which resulted in Mrs Hudson bringing out the large chocolate chip cookie which was the café’s speciality and giving it to Gregory with a soft kiss on his cheek. “Thank you, Mrs Hudson!”
His teeth worried his bottom lip as he ordered his drink at the counter. He pushed the change towards Mrs Hudson who liked to pick up any extra shifts and took the cup with a small, unsure smile. Had Gregory gotten the wrong day, or had he been stood up for something better?
Surprised that he’d been so unobservant, Mycroft thought for a few moments before concluding that Greg had likely placed it in his pocket when he’d come over to collect their empty cups just before closing time. He pulled out his small smartphone (barely used, only really for the occasional text or phone call and never have had a game on it
Mycroft hid his slight smile and light chuckle, and steered Sherlock from the room by his shoulders. Mycroft lead him for most of the walk to the café until Sherlock shook himself out of his embarrassment.
“You’ve decided that you’re going to study medicine, but you’ve decided that you’ll probably do it with the army to avoid fees, and because you enjoy the idea of fighting in a foreign country with the sun on your back. You live with your mother and your sister, and your sister is a lesbian whom is having a relationship with an ex-girlfriend of yours. You’re bisexual, by the way.” Mycroft almost hissed at him to shut up.
Filling the rest of the string was a collection of cards from a group he didn’t expect. Rainbows danced on the front of the card, and one even had the phrase ‘don’t die, it’d be very inconvenient’ which made him snicker. The cards were clearly from the LGBT society that John had enthusiastically joined when he’d officially started University. Mycroft, however, hadn’t realised that Sherlock had accompanied John to the meetings.
One of the cards wasn’t really a card, catching Mycroft’s attention. The piece of cardstock was unevenly folded in half with a drawing of a patched teddy on the front, a cursive reading ‘a scar is just a patch on the skin’.
“You have eidetic memory,” Sherlock butted in. “You have no need to write out your notes; you just do it to be a ponce.”
Mycroft had managed to reduce his duties, freeing up two early evenings a week to accompany John on his habitual visit. He missed his work – purely because it kept his mind from worrying constantly about the worst case scenarios – yet never complained once while sitting at his brother’s bedside, even when he’d tried some of the tar-water they tried to call coffee.
They’d had a pleasant conversation at one point, with John asking a few questions about the Victorian novel that he was reading, and Mycroft responding with a few details while avoiding spoiling the plot.
Mycroft put his mobile on charge, a small smile playing on his lips. What an interesting development.
He was walking towards the jet when he remembered his promise – wave. He turned around a subtly waved towards Gregory with a small smile, eyes still sad. He’d get through these two weeks of torture. The faster he embarked, the sooner he would return to the warm arms he was already missing.
“That,” Mycroft whispered thickly, pushing his words through the love that was clogging his throat, “was the most beautiful thing that anyone has ever told me. Of course, I’ll marry you.”
So, that's it finished! I plan on writing more fanfiction as I do really enjoy it, but I'm very heavy in coursework and I'm trying to get fit so there is little time for pleasure writing until the summer (Late June/Early July), so my next fic will either be a one-shot, or be a multi-chaptered fic published in a month or so.
“Mummy has finally relented in allowing me to do that experiment into sutures and I thought that John would love to do it with me, so we have to go so that I could tell him all about it and invite him over!” Sherlock spoke at sixty miles-per-hour, adding how the aspiring sixteen-year-old surgeon would really enjoy stitching up the frogs that mother was allowing him to dissect.
Mycroft tasted salty tears on his top lip but made no effort to wipe them away. Despite Sherlock never having mentioned this Irene, Mycroft felt no contempt at being withheld from his brother’s social life; his brother had found his people, his friends, and he was happy.
friend – is currently in hospital and I don’t know if he’s going to be dead when we return at the start of visiting hours.”
Mycroft had slowly moved into view and taken a quiet seat on the uncomfortable plastic (as quiet as he could when the legs squeaked against the lino). Sherlock twisted his head slightly and smiled weakly before wincing. The sides of his mouth fell back into line as Mycroft took his hand in support. “I’m glad you’re getting better.”
Here's Chapter 2. I hope everyone likes the chapter. Chapter 3 will be up in a day or so when I have another chapter written. Another thank you to my beta- englandwouldfalljohn for cleaning up my writing and making it great.
Jack Ripper laughed boldly, and threw his head back. His blackish grey hair reflected the bright lights in the room like dull silver. Laughter bounced around the room as if Sherlock’s reply was the funniest joke he had heard in months. When he was finished, the grin was plastered back on his face.
John opened his mouth, preparing to ask for him again when warmth breath puffed over his cheek as Sherlock’s chin came to rest on his shoulder. John inhaled the faint scent of Sherlock’s cologne, shivered slightly at the brush of dark curls on his cheek.
“Though, none of my favourites. You could safely take the horrid green one that Harry sent me last year. I think it’s the one you referred to as an abomination.” His fingers trailed into the light spatter of hair on Sherlock’s chest, then lightly brushed over one of Sherlock’s nipples. He chuckled lightly when the detective hummed and threw his head back, extending his pale long neck. John pressed a kiss to the darkened bruise he left earlier.
That thought startled him, his ring slipping from his fingertips before disappearing down the drain. In a split second, it was gone. The trinket, supposedly the symbol of his and Mary’s love, their promise of spending their lives together, vanished down the drain. John paused in shock. Crestfallen. Then delirious laughter slipped from his lips that morphed into dry coughing. He gripped the sink panting as fog drifted over the mirror. What the hell was he doing? John ran a hand through his hair and groaned.
A/N: Should I feel accomplished at getting to twenty chapters? Because I do. Thank you to all who have left kudos, bookmarked this fic, and left comments. You give me writing life. I hope you like this chapter, in the next other ones, it will be getting case-heavy again. A special thanks to my beta: Whitehart. Ta! Till next time.
Moriarty shook his head and he pushed the wheelchair forward, edging closer to the water. “No, no, no. That wouldn’t be like him, would it? Not enough flair for a dragon slayer, too predictable, too boring and he wouldn’t risk you… not his pet. He’s hiding someplace, holding a little red light to my forehead this time, tell me, is there a light on my forehead?”
Without giving Sherlock an opportunity to argue, John pushed Sherlock on the bed. And Sherlock went, ungracefully in a tangle of long limbs. The mattress creaked underneath from the impact of Sherlock’s back. And the detective in question, sat up on his elbows, eyes glaring at John.
“State your name for the camera,” a man’s voice loudly stated, from behind the camera. John figured whoever it was, he was the one operating it, and most likely injured Hageman.
Sure enough, the footage was new. The walls were brick now, no longer the stale grey inside of New Scotland Yard’s interrogation rooms. Or showing Mr. Hageman glazed eyes.
“That’s it? Mycroft’s a drama queen and there’s nothing to worry about? Aren’t you concerned about Moriarty at all?”
He pondered what he was going to say to Sherlock. Or even if he was going to say anything to Sherlock. God! John had to say something, Sherlock would be able to take one look at him and just know that he was with Mycroft. How the hell was he supposed to stay silent about everything? In front of the man who notices everything no less! How was he supposed to look Sherlock in the eyes, knowing that Sherlock had risked everything for him? Knowing that Moriarty could be out there, but never confirmed by Mycroft. Jesus! It was a mess.
He yelped as Sherlock pounced at him. Pale hands grabbed at the bottom of his jumper, elegant fingers folding within the wool, pulling it upward, and exposing the white button down shirt that John was wearing underneath. He twisted out of Sherlock’s reach. He straightened out his clothes, his cheeks burning red.
Laughter bubbled from John’s mouth. He opened his eyes, grinning when he found Sherlock smiling up at him.
Silence fell in the cab again, leaving John to think. Moriarty was doing something big, apparently. Which may or may not end with death. John needed a plan, a weapon, and a way to get the advantage over Moriarty, however difficult that may be. As John sat, thinking, he stared at Moran’s fingers dancing to the beat on the steering wheel.
Heavy footsteps rattled the wooden floors. The inspector sighed wearily when he entered the kitchen and sat down in a chair. Red bloodshot eyes stared up at coffee pot. John swiftly interchanged the coffee pot with a mug, filling the cup to the rim. Then he slipped thee pot back into position before handing over the mug.
Music with a familiar melody entertained the silence as they reentered into traffic.  John was in thought, thinking of where he had heard the song playing before. He had just recognized it - at his Stag night. Something about hopeless, and love. Quite appropriate for his current situation, where he just found love and now it seems all hopeless and lost…
John met Sherlock’s green eyes and licked his lips. Then he asked gruffly, “And what happens when you have your answer?”
“I understand… don’t care for sharing. I know what it’s like, having all his attention on you. After all, I had his attention before you came along. But that is in the past now, like a lot of things.”
Hi all, chapter 4 is here. I want to say that 'Bow' pub is completely made-up and I don't know if I should be naming chapters as I go. I want to say thank for everyone who has commented/kudos/and bookmarked. I'm a glutton for more. This chapter was beta-ed by 'englandwouldfalljohn'. Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
“You’re not allowed to interview the witness, you’re not with the Met.” Donovan turned to Lestrade. “It’s against regulations.”
Understanding immediately crossed over Sherlock’s features. John released his grip on the counter when his feet met the floor, thankfully missing any porcelain remains shattered on the floor between them. Sherlock stepped over the mess, closing the distance and relieving the strain between them. The detective’s hands remained on John’s skin, tilting his face upwards. John’s eyes roamed over the reddened mouth, the slight flush to Sherlock’s cheeks, and then to Sherlock’s eyes.
It was Greg’s tone that made John realize what he just said and who to. That tone has escaped his own lips before, defending Sherlock. Greg was a man that who has seen Mycroft without his ‘government’ front, the man behind the facade. Much like John knows Sherlock. At this moment he knew he wasn’t being any better than the people who made fun of Sherlock. John didn’t know Mycroft well enough to make passing as such. Essentially, he was being a right arse, even if Mycroft was being an arse to him.
“No,” Sherlock answered without looking at John. Sherlock’s pale fingers fiddled with his cufflinks, proving to be difficult to remove when aroused. “Now, go lay on the bed. Don’t you dare fall asleep.”
His eyes flickered down to the scribble on his left hand, ignoring the acceleration in his heart rate from the biting undertones in Sherlock’s voice. John followed him down the stairs. Their footsteps clopped in the echoing cavern, Sherlock’s coattails, rustling as they went. “You knew he would. That’s why you made me take off my jumper.”
Lestrade’s tinny voice echoed from the other side. Sherlock had terrible mobile reception in the lab. “John? Are you with Sherlock?”
John knelt by the second victim, face down on the sidewalk. The bright sunlight cascaded over the victim’s gray coloring, making the short blue, pink, and purple hair brighter. The body was cold and stiff through the thin latex of the gloves. John touched the wrist, admiring the blue hue of the fingertips. Rigor mortis had set in a long time ago, making time of death approximately six to eight hours previous. Late night or early day, depending on how one looked at it. John placed the appendage down and glanced over the darkened stain in the back of the victim’s coat.
John’s eyes canted to the man at the wall, and then up and down Mary herself. She didn’t look the same as before and it took a second more to figure it out. Her face was thinner, seems like she had lost quite a bit of weight, and the weight mostly disappeared from her abdomen. She didn’t look pregnant anymore.
John rechecked all of the pockets. He looked on the floor, in case the paper had fallen the first go around. He even dug into the hamper. Still found nothing. The hamper was turned upside down, John checking every article of clothing. All pockets on all trousers. The mobile numbers weren’t there. That something that was at the back of his mind earlier sent ice down his spine. First his mirror angled at the door and now this. Sherlock was so sure that someone was in the flat when they were at New Scotland Yard. Perhaps, he- they- weren’t going so mental after all.
“Thank you Mrs. Hudson.” John cleared his throat and his mouth was parched. He must have been out for sometime. “How long we’ve been here?”
John’s eyebrows met his hairline, already fiddling the knob of the bedside table. He found a bottle of used lubrication and a new box of condoms. Throwing the items next to him in bed, he motioned for Sherlock to come closer.
John frowned, thinking that he wouldn’t have liked the man even if they had met under better circumstances. There was something about him that seemed off.
John watched as a cab pulled over to the curb. It was like magic every time. The cabbie never pulled over for him alone. It had to be Sherlock. Thunder crashed overhead, the finer raindrops grew into heavy cold splatters. John could feel the frozen droplets slither down through his hair, matting down the product he used before running down his face. He shivered when he dove into the cab after Sherlock. John slammed the door closed behind him.
John turned away from the note and followed the layout into the living room. It wasn’t much better. Photos of two men decorated the walls in mismatched frames. Most of the pictures were all smiles; some had silly faces. There was only one picture, of a large group of people in which neither man was smiling. John recognized the Eiffel Tower in one of the pictures. The last and largest framed photo was of the two men kissing in front of a castle with fireworks over their heads.
A lascivious grin bloomed across his face. It was the look that he used women in the pubs, one that ended with him going home with her. But that was years ago, before he was married, even before he met Sherlock. He used it now, only to see how Sherlock would react. John smiled when Sherlock froze, red-faced, blinking as if John had stunned him. John didn’t know what he liked more, kissing Sherlock or flirting with him. Gingerly, John covered Sherlock’s hands with his. “What was it that you wanted to do? All you have to do is ask.”
The hands gripped tight around his hips, and tugged. John pulled himself closer to Sherlock’s body, stepping between opened legs. John sealed his lips on Sherlock’s, opening the mouth under him to explore Sherlock’s taste with his tongue. His hands dove into the inky curls. John pulled gently at the strands, and he swallowed Sherlock’s moans. His hips burned with need when Sherlock’s hands moved across bared skin. John didn’t notice that his tucked jumper had been carefully removed from his trousers. He broke the kiss with a breathy chuckle and a moan of surprise when Sherlock’s hands came over his arse, kneading into the firm muscle.
“You know I am concerned for you. I have found you a case to distract you, Sherlock. Perhaps it will wean you from your dangerous game.”
“John?” Mrs. Hudson remarked as she opened the door with a smile. “Aren’t you supposed to be with Sherlock on a case?”
Sherlock’s voice held zero hints of swinging into a mood. Or annoyance. In fact, it carried the same flirtations as John’s. His flirtations wasn’t being rejected despite Sherlock’s absolute focus was on the case. John’s other hand slid down, over Sherlock’s pectoral and into his suit jacket as the mobile trilled again.
John cleared his throat and leaned against the doorframe. Arms folded across his chest. “He wants to lure you out. Isn’t this what Mycroft warned you about?”
John leaned his forehead harder against Sherlock’s shoulder and barely whispered, “That is lovely but-”
With the short courting, quick engagement, and the wedding, John felt like he had when he thought Sherlock was dead. That it was a means to an end and he was still grieving, moving forward one day at a time. When Sherlock was ‘dead’ his days were easier, knowing that he wasn’t out there. Living without him. Then he could settle into a life with Mary but that wasn’t the case. Instead, it was two halves of him, fighting each other and as he realized long ago, relationships and Sherlock couldn’t coexist together. He moved back into Baker Street, hoping to restart his life once again. To hopefully recreate the sense of normalcy that had existed before Mary, Moriarty, Sherlock’s one-time relapse on the plane, and start taking cases again.
Sherlock glared at him, insult twisting his face into a frown. “That’s the worst thing you’ve ever said to me.”
John looked back at the bodies, looking around for any threats, analyzing the situation.  Could this be another one of Moriarty’s tricks? Another game?
“Shut up. I want you, just you, because of who you are. It matters to me. I don’t want to take you to bed because of some stupid cameras. I don’t want to be seduced by your looks like everyone else that wants you. I want to take you to bed because you’re Sherlock Holmes and I’m John Watson and we both deserve to have that at the right time. I’m not having sex with you today and that’s final.”
His mobile suddenly buzzed in his pocket, vibrating loudly in the silent corridor. John motioned to his trousers. “Do you mind?”
They stayed there until they both were starting to stick together and breathing hard. He found Sherlock’s hand, and their fingers interlaced together. They laid there in silence, John listening intently to Sherlock’s pounding heartbeat. Both men relished in each other’s heaving bodies until could breathe normally again.
“Yes, and your superiors are idiots. What about the missing footage of the jumper within the lobby? Do they count that as evidence as well?”
John turned away from the waters edge and to the owner of the familiar baritone. Sherlock was there, standing immaculate as always, who had escaped his brother’s watchful eye after all. Long limbs carried his detective towards him, and a pale hand caught his own. The hand tightened around John’s hand either holding him back, or forgiving him, he wasn’t certain.
He didn’t even notice the pale fingers plucked the items from him. In seconds, John’s cock was encased in a condom and he hissed when Sherlock’s hand pumped over his length. Stroking his cock with those long elegant fingers at slow, teasing glide.
John coaxed his fingers over Sherlock’s scalp, earning a moan and a full-body shudder this time from Sherlock. Any noise they made, moans or heavy breathing, quickly blended with chatter on the other side of the door, fading into the background noises of the hospital.
The only colour within the picturesque allure were Sherlock’s eyes. The swirl of blues, greens, and grey held magnetism. An intended look that John didn’t know Sherlock ever possessed, within that colour, was an invitation of fleshly need and want. All directed to John. How the hell was he supposed to say no now?
Sherlock huffed. “I’m gay, John. So is- The Woman. Hardly a match made. The last text I received was a wedding invitation. Safe to conclude that you don’t have a rival for my affection from The Woman or anyone else.”
“I don’t know,” John answered with a shrug. “Sherlock wouldn’t have mentioned New Scotland Yard if he thought they couldn’t handle it. File a missing person report, that’s your best bet.”
“You should have that question on recording Lestrade, so you don’t waste precious effort to keep repeating it,” said Sherlock. “It’s obvious that they were married.”
He quickly stripped AJ of his black trousers, and pulled them on himself. John put on AJ’s shoes as well. The trousers were a bit tight in the crotch and the shoes pinched, but at least he wasn’t starkers anymore. And blissfully, Mrs. Hudson couldn’t remark about anything else.
An eye roll accompanied Sherlock’s words. “Fine, the whole tedious process would slow us down anyways. Mycroft will handle it; it’s the least he can do.”
The rest of John’s question disappeared against the blundering tongue in his mouth. He didn’t fight against the overwhelming muscle at the uncomfortable angle. Instead, John grabbed Sherlock’s shoulder, fixed another hand in the darkened strands, tilting Sherlock’s head ever so slightly down and to the right. Sherlock’s mouth slotted perfectly on his, John groaned at the sensation. He pulled Sherlock’s neck down, returning the kiss with equal fervor, eliciting a hum from the detective.
And there was the touch of annoyance John had expected, with a hint of playfulness. John wasn’t sure when he pulled away and leaned against the wall cabinet with mobile in hand.
John had cleaned them both up, not wanting another repeat of sleeping with crusted dried semen on his skin again. He settled back after using the loo, without looking at the time when he had slid back into bed. Vaguely, he remembered being the bigger spoon in this sleeping arrangement. Apparently, sleeping Sherlock had other ideas. Not that being the little spoon was a bad idea per say.
A/N: I hope everyone is liking this story so far. Several more chapters to come! I want to say thank you for all the kudos/bookmarks/comments. Please feel free to leave more. Thank you my beta- englandwouldfalljohn(The Lady Amalthea).
John slumped back in his seat, pinching the bridge of his nose. ‘Kill’, ‘Isaac Spoo’, ’48 hours’ he kept the message in the forefront of his mind. The question was, the message meant for the wife? Or for him, considering the two notes both had his name, and the threats to Sherlock, John concluded it had to be for him. It had to be. Now, who would go through all of the trouble to make sure he found it?
A guttural moan escaped his lips when Sherlock’s body gave, welcoming John into the tight, wet heat. He gasped. “Oh fuck.”
“Knowing your brother, I’ll probably be divorced by the end of the day. I wonder if also he saw us…” John couldn’t get the words; ‘SHARING A BED’ out, but waved a hand between them. A heated blush crossed over his face. He pulled at the collar of his shirt. This thing bubbling between them was…strange enough. The cameras would have to go. Definitely.
“Just one doctor.” Sherlock grabbed John’s glutes and pulled him closer. One hand held the doctor in place while the other moved to the front, gently rubbing John’s cock, hard standing against his stomach.
“Brilliant,” he murmured. His face tilted down and closed to the distance to the expecting lips below. John hummed deeply when his lips met Sherlock’s. The sound echoed in a deeper octave. Not from John. He felt light pressure on his hips when he kissed harder, massaging Sherlock’s in languid movements, as if Sherlock were a rare delicacy that needed to be slowly tasted in order to be fully appreciated. The comparison wasn’t too far from the truth.
Sherlock pushed open the metal door leading into the first floor. John ducked as he went underneath his arm. “How is it that you remember men’s underwear but not the solar system?”
John waited in silence. He waited for the impending storm that Mycroft’s tone promised in four small words.
Only then- did Sherlock stop trying to take his own trousers off. Sherlock’s hands moved to the side. Palms lying on the white covers. Green eyes narrowed. A frown formed on Sherlock’s face and the voice that promised sex turned flat. “I see. Being a man-”
Swooping in, Angelo deposited two glasses and a bottle of wine on the table with another smile before evaporating again. John froze as he went for the glasses just as Sherlock grabbed them.
The loo door closed with a click and the pipes banged and rattled. Sherlock had started the shower. John ventured into the quiet kitchen. He rummaged through the cabinets, starting on coffee before his headache could set in. Seconds later, the aroma drifted through the flat as it began to brew.
John rolled his eyes and ignored more of Sherlock’s complaining moans. John’s hands trembled as he opened the foil and rolled the condom over himself. He quickly grabbed the lube bottle and he pumped over himself once, shuddering from the sensation. He was as pent up as Sherlock and he stood, he not wanting to tease either of them anymore. Fixing Sherlock’s position to have each of Sherlock’s legs over his arms. John leaned forward, lined his throbbing cock against Sherlock’s opening and gently pushed in deeper, deeper and deeper until he was fully seated.
“A wonderful question currently without an answer. I’ll get back to you. Tell brother mine to refrain divulging anymore into this case. I’ll get my best people on it.”
“You’re not in the position to negotiate,” stated Lestrade, earning a panicked look from the suspect as he threw himself on the table, trying to reach for Sherlock’s Belstaff. “I’ll only tell you the story if you stay in this room with me. No one else can hear it.”
The class fell silent as Sherlock entered into the classroom and stood on a small platform. John smirked lightly at the state of awe that washed over the students as the professor spoke with Sherlock. Then the robe slipped away. John swallowed, knowing that his face dropped, blushed, and his heart hammered. Everything about Sherlock was a long slender line, not soft flesh like a woman’s body, but muscular planes underneath the pale skin from chasing criminals that should be admired, felt, touched. John knew that he would look like this just from the barest of glances years ago when the sheet fell to reveal a powerful back. The chest had to be symmetrical, now he could say it was, minus the light pink scar. Hipbones that jutted outwards, startling sharp, framing lower thicker darkened curls. John turned his head away, his face burning.
“I’m not an idiot either,” countered Moran, with a little wave of his own gun. “The second time I have to say it, won’t be pleasant for you.”
“More like pounded on the door, and then barged upstairs. I’m surprised that John didn’t greet you on the stairs with the firearm in hand. No need to worry about getting shot now, John is disarmed, Lestrade.”
A/N: So? I'm mean to end the chapter there....until next time. Please kudos/bookmark/and-or comment on your way out. Ta.
“Their landlord reported her missing. Brunette victim, Laura Pruit. Through pictures on her social media, we determined the second victim to be Merry Mollet. Both students were at the university; we are getting a warrant for their schedules. They shared a flat nearby, were late on the rent. We looked over the flat while you were-”
John earned the usual, ‘isn’t obvious’ glare from Sherlock as he explained. “My knees gave in … I was resisting to orgasm with your hands in my hair.”
“Can you now?” John teased, his lips trailed over the outer shell of Sherlock’s ear. It was the only bit of Sherlock’s skin John could reach. He was sorely tempted to test Sherlock’s whispered declaration now. He brushed the lightest touch of his fingertips in those inky curls again. Sherlock’s hands captured John’s, freeing them from Sherlock’s hair.
John stepped forward, wedging himself in the distance between Sherlock and the criminal. Thinking that he could stop Sherlock from making another scathing deduction as a shield, regardless of the fact that Sherlock was taller than him, and could easily see over his head. Luckily, Lestrade seemed to think of the same. He took at the criminal’s side, and took over the interrogation.
He flailed, trying to straighten and was almost upright when a heel appeared between his legs. John cringed in automatic sympathy before not giving a damn. He watched in utter horror as the heel came back for multiple kicks. At the sixth kick –not that John was keeping count - AJ dropped completely to his knees, cupping his jewels, and flopped over on the floor.
He snatched up the receipt, shoving it and his wallet into his trouser pocket, then plucked up a free newspaper from the stand before heading to a small table away from the general population. He sat down with a sigh, his eyes roaming over Sherlock’s face as the taller man sat across from him. Green-grey stared out into the cafeteria, paying no heed to John, allowing him to stare.
“Don’t worry about Sherlock, he’s always like that. How about your name first? Then you can tell us about your sister and why you came here.”
A/N: Hello everyone. Thank you for the support. Here's another chapter! Thank you to the beta Whitehart!
The woman stepped back with a look of both horror and surprise. “Oh, that was your husband! I’m so sorry, I thought…”
John bit the inside of his cheek. He had left, not wanting to know more, unwilling to open himself to the tension and heat between Sherlock and himself. When he was gone, Sherlock and Irene-did they? The woman was dead and jealously still burned where Irene Adler was concerned. She, of all people, knew before he did, because it was her nature to know. She also probably knew because she felt the same way as he did for Sherlock. She was the only other person to make Sherlock react that way.
John shook his head. “No,” he stated firmly, folding his arms across his chest. “You’ll want to take them back to the flat. You still have toes from the last time, and I don’t fancy having hands in the fridge from a murderer. Molly, tell him that he can’t take the hands home.”
He weaved through traffic as much as he could, undoubtedly attracting attention by squeezing the small red car between the lanes with sides scraping against other cars, leaving trails of red in his wake. Under his breath, John either gave curses or apologies up until he stopped in the car park of the swimming centere.
“Fuck. Sherlock. You’re so tight... so …perfect!” He pushed a few more times with every word, riding out both of their orgasms before he finally collapsed onto Sherlock, face on chest, chest on Sherlock’s stomach, and the detective’s hand still holding his softening cock in between them.
“It’s nothing to worry about. I’ll handle it. I thought Mycroft might have sent you to remind me of it, good to know that’s not the case. Can you pass a message for me?”
But they were on a case, huddled in the back of a cab that reeked different traces of heavy perfume, cologne, and smoke. And as if it couldn’t get any worse, they were stuck in traffic.
She sucked in a surprised gasp; her hand flew to her mouth. A blush bloomed over her face. “Oh my god. So, he’s heard every time I’ve rambled about that purple shirt…”
And it did. As Sherlock step away trying to understand what was going on, John realised he should do something about it. He didn’t want any more distance, walls, or separation. This was the time to piece themselves together with each other, take comfort in each other, embracing each other’s ghosts.
His eyes flickered over the CCTV watching the scene. The rest of his words went unsaid. If it weren’t Moriarty, then it would be Mycroft. John would place money on Mycroft in that bet.
There was a distinctive chirp, one that made John’s eyes unite to Sherlock’s, recognition on both of their faces; Sherlock’s mobile in the office. John stood and his mobile buzzed in his pocket. He ignored it. Complaints sounded through the classroom as Sherlock bolted to his feet. John definitely didn’t watch his pale backside disappear into the office.
He focused on four bright red inflammations over the curve of the shoulder. Tiny yellow blisters had begun forming around the inflammations. If the victim had lived, there was no doubt that a rash would have spread and pus would have formed underneath the skin. John had seen enough of this in the clinic to recognize it on sight. Plenty of patients come in, convinced that their skins were falling off only to find out it could be cleared up with a round of creams.
John slammed the door closed behind him. His eyes found the floor the second he realized that Sherlock had forgotten the robe in the classroom and he stood in the middle of the office with only mobile in his hand, fingers running wild over the small buttons.
Sherlock placed his violin aside, and leaned forward. Darkened curls brushed over a pale forehead as calculative eyes narrowed. “Mycroft has been trying to get me clean for months, John. What are you going to do that he hasn’t?”
The consulting detective whisked through the door seconds later, his coat rustled through the wind as he strode away. “Not this one, John. Do keep up.”
“I brought you tea and biscuits in case you were hungry.” She paused and looked up at John. “I know Sherlock doesn’t like to eat during cases, John, but I stopped by the shop, and bought the expensive ones because I know you’ll enjoy them. Maybe you’ll convince him to have a nibble with his afternoon tea.”
A/N: Man...the long awaited chapter. Give love to my beta whitehart for being brilliant and adding more 'mmmm' to smut. Can I say that here? I was really really close to ending the fic here, so all of you should thank Whitehart for talking me out it!
“I am the exception. You see she won’t let me in to interview the criminal.” He repeats himself, this time throwing both hands in the air, rolling his eyes then glared at Donovan.
“Irrelevant,” John mocked lowly. Something heavy was draped in his waiting arms. Sherlock’s coat, John judged from the weight of it. Something lighter fell over his shoulder, perhaps Sherlock’s scarf. John continued, “ I wouldn’t say that’s irrelevant; you’re going to stark naked in front of at least twenty people, Sherlock. This is nude modeling, not someone drawing your portrait, or a bowl of fruit. Nude? Naked? Mean anything to you?”
He walked around Sherlock, and yanked the door open. He went to shut it to only discover that Lestrade and Sherlock were behind him, with Sherlock slamming it shut when they were out in the corridor. John could hear phones ringing, blending in with multiple voices inside the Met. He rubbed his hands on his thighs, drying his sweaty palms.
The detective scoffed at him. “There’ve always been complications since we met. I could give you analytical data to prove it. Kissing would temporarily fix what broke while I was away. It slipped by me once, I won’t have it again.”
John clicked off the gun safety as he slowly went through the open doorway. “Stay behind me, Mrs. Hudson.”
Beads of sweat clung against Sherlock’s temple, bathing the curls into an untamed, longer state, brushing below his ears. The dewing sweat on Sherlock’s shone in the sunlight beaming through the window. Sherlock’s eyes were closed, red-puffed lips opened with a sigh. His head thrown back as he slowly rocked on John’s cock.
His shout overlapped with the slam of his hands on the table, jarring the handcuffs that kept him pinned. The chair slapped against the floor when the man leapt to his feet. “You can’t leave.”
John smirked, then smiled. “Flowers all look the same, except the colors. I’m sure I’ve never seen a tree leaf like that around London. It seemed similar to palm trees in Afghanistan.”
John arched his eyebrows. “Rosemund?” he echoed lightly, the sarcasm in his tone carried in the air. “Is that her name now? What happened to Catherine?”
For once, surrounded by Mycroft’s security cameras helped John settle his anxiety. The familiarity of their chairs, crime scene files posted on the walls and with the wondrous supply of tea, seemed as good as a ‘vacation’. John helped himself to tea immediately after the pot was finished boiling and the bags seeped to his taste. He placed another cup by Sherlock, whose eyes were affixed on his microscope, and hadn’t said a word other than his last reference to Moriarty’s return.
Laughter crashed throughout the bedroom from Greg. “You don’t have to explain. The last thing I want is an explanation; there are some things that I don’t need to know. Just-”
He hushed the protesting mouth with a kiss, and broke the kiss to say, “Let me take care of you, Sherlock.” Then John added. “Please.”
An unopened box of water-based lubricant sat on top of what looked like magazines inside the bedside drawer. John blinked at the lube, and he poked at the magazines. QX. John bit back a yelp of shock. Those were his. He bought them years ago, all because of Sherlock. Not like that!
John ripped out of the water, fixing his towel around his waist before yanking open the bathroom door. “You’re not going to bother Mrs. Hudson for your bloody-”
John inched closer, maneuvering and pulling the detective underneath the covers to join him. John sighed when the warmth drifted underneath because of Sherlock’s body heat. He curled behind Sherlock, enjoying that his smaller frame could still hug around Sherlock, encircling his arm over Sherlock’s bare hip. John buried his face against that pale neck, savouring the wet curls and raw scent of sex on Sherlock’s skin. It was perfect except the stickiness in his pants. They would have to clean up soon but again, John couldn’t be bothered to move.
“Because men like you love the prospect of power. Thrive on taking control of others. You work at a high rate company judging by your suit and watch. I can easily conclude that you are in a position of power in your work, therefore have control over your employees. That fixes in your urges at work but at home, that want of control is severely lost. You set your wife to be murdered as we speak, but not with the motivation of love since your wedding band has been removed but indention line still remains, so it had to be recently removed-“
John flinched once as he cleaned the cut on Sherlock’s brow. He met Sherlock’s eyes. Nothing in those prismatic depths mirrored Mycroft’s words. Instead of ‘suffering’ there was plain and obvious affection. It made his heart jump because it clicked in John’s head that this now belongs with him. Now, they were here. John grinned down at him. Caressing the uninjured cheek slyly before he turned around and grabbed the small bandages from the bed. He met Sherlock’s eyes again as he asked lightly.
John stared at the floor beneath their feet, staring at a stain that was evidence of an experiment gone awry. He compared the differences between their wear of shoes, the colour, and even the size. As he let his mind drift, he started comparing the differences between them as two different people, amazed that their characters danced in sync with each other. It felt like an eternity, standing there, breathing the same air, and feeling the drum of Sherlock’s heartbeat.
He pinched at the bridge of his nose in frustration. Then John sighed when he thought of something. It would make sense really. “Let me guess, Mycroft? You know, I’m not even going to ask. But did you ever think that I maybe wanted to get divorced in my own time?”
“Oh. John,” Molly’s voice lost all vigor. John heard her sigh from the other side of the phone. “No, he didn’t say anything. I just went out to grab another cup of coffee, and he was gone.”
He felt hands enclosed around his throat, and choking pressure followed albeit weak on one side. But, soon, if he didn’t get away, the light-headedness would appear. This certainly wasn’t the first time he was strangled. But Jesus Christ! He didn’t like it!
John shook his head, his voice lowered to a whisper when a nameless person walked by on his mobile. “You are not getting me out of my clothes.”
“No, not at all” Molly replied with a smile. “It’s quite nice to get out the morgue and hold something that didn’t come out of a human body for once.”
Knowing grey eyes flickered at John for a second. It was a second too many for John. Mycroft was definitely an idiot for thinking that Sherlock wouldn’t notice. He notices everything. He licked his lips; aware that he couldn’t lie whatsoever if Sherlock asked what his kidnapping was about. It would eventually mean that Mycroft would also tell Sherlock about Mary. He closed his eyes for a moment. Regretting having to lost Sherlock already, and again. He couldn’t bear to see his face right now. A new wave of anger came across him as well just from Sherlock mentioning Mycroft. He couldn’t stand to look at Greg either. John quickly excused himself from the sitting room, and climbed the stairs to his bedroom.
He heard the cabbie in the front grumbled about how he attracts the weirdos at night. John didn’t waste his breath to argue. He was far from normal- this much he was willing to admit after so many years. He knew now that the mobile wasn’t going to explode. A surge of relief washed through his mind. John glanced back down at the screen. At the top, in the alert bar, was a flashing envelope. There was a unread text message. John just stared at it.
“Sherlock…”John muttered lowly in warning, hoping to detour Sherlock from the question. With one word he hoped to convey ‘just walk out of the dim room and leave the arse to his fate.
“Take a look at the vic, but don’t touch anything. I’ve got to go outside and shut the street down.”
He fished his phone from his coat. Then groaned when read over the text message. A white lab coat brushed against his arm. “What’s the matter?”
The detective stepped out his trousers and pants. John watched, licked his lips and swallowed heavily when Sherlock crawled above him, creaking under their combined weight. He stayed hovering above John, knees brushing the side of John’s hips. John held the bottle of lube, about to coat his fingers to help Sherlock when the taller man grabbed his wrists and pinned it to the side, all while shaking his head wildly.
“All conclusive data points to the possibility of someone else in the flat. Mycroft’s people are too meticulous. They wouldn’t touch anything they weren’t ordered too. I know that’s how “my things” disappeared from the kitchen table. I wasn’t up here at any point of time, and I personally know not to mess with the mirror. Mrs. Hudson and her hip can’t make it up another set of stairs without another herbal soother, and she hasn’t made any, otherwise the whole flat would have smelt like it. That rules her out-”
It was at that moment that the mobile in question chirped, echoing through the flat. “Impeccable timing, John.”
“Excuse us for a second,” muttered John. He tore out of his chair, and yanked Sherlock up by his forearm. It seemed that he knew what John was going to do because he offered no resistance, letting himself being pulled into the cluttered kitchen. John kept his voice low, fixing his eyes on Sherlock’s unwavering face.
He walked across the road, peering into cars casually. John was now regretting not letting Sherlock teach him how to hot wire a car, even if it was with YouTube videos on a quiet, ‘Sherlock strop level of boredom’ evening. Instead, he looked for the best car, and prayed to every deity he knew that there would be a spare key underneath. Or the simplest hope of an unlocked door from a careless owner.
“Don’t thank me for letting you place your own life in danger,” Sherlock said flatly with the last end of a sulk. It made John grin just a bit at the Sherlock looking down at the floor, doing his best not to make eye contact at John, even if he had Sherlock’s face cupped between his hands.
Then John froze. God he hadn’t meant to say that aloud. He was looking directly at those silver eyes now. Sherlock looked as shocked as John was. Whatever they had been before John was their ‘all-in’. Now, whatever they were, hung in the air, boiling with tension of words that neither of them-, if Sherlock felt that way for him-, uttered aloud.
“Mycroft’s got me locked down at Baker Street like a prisoner in Belmarsh. Apparently his other best people were on their way to find you. What good is surveillance if you get yourself kidnapped right under the government’s rather large nose?” asked Sherlock. His voice had pulled away from the mobile, lowly bickering with another voice, John recoginsed it to be Mycroft’s.
“Again, I brought copies,” Lestrade weakly motioned to the wall where Sherlock had tacked them up and was staring at the case files. Then he stood from Sherlock’s black leather chair. “It’s the best I could do. I have to get back to back to the Yard, paperwork and all of that before tonight.”
The cab pulled up outside of St. Bart’s. Sherlock grinned at him before climbing out of the cab. “It should be done in a day or two.”
“And shut up while you’re at it. I know you hate it when I’m repeating myself, but what is this all about?” asked John, his eyes flitted back in forth, taking in green eyes, wondering where this conversation would lead to. “Does whatever you’re thinking have to do with Sebastian Moran? Jim Moriarty? Talk to me.”
He moved Sherlock’s bandaged hands away gingerly, resisting the sudden urge to kiss the fingertips. It might have been too much romanticism for Sherlock. Instead he moved those hands to his torso, wordlessly gave Sherlock permission to touch again. John sighed when Sherlock’s hands hovered over John’s scar before brushing his fingertips over the scarred skin.
John heard Greg’s shout and the scoff that Sherlock made next to him perfectly clear. His hearing returned with a sudden ‘pop’ during Sherlock’s response.
“Choose! Or I walk out of this room and leave you to your fate,” Sherlock stepped towards the door. The man sprung from his seat again.
John arched his eyebrows, and felt the slightest of stings at his hairline. “Moriarty isn’t the lesser evil here.”
They arrived at the crime scene quickly or as quickly as traffic would allow through central London. Dread settled into his stomach, recognizing Roland Kerr College. John turned to Sherlock, who seemed eager to jump out of the still moving cab to get to their faster.
“Jim Moriarty,” which was answered in the same tone as Sherlock’s ‘obviously’, before Mary pressed on. “He had AJ…”
“What situation, Lestrade? I would understand your late-night barge-in to present a fresh crime scene to me since everyone is an idiot at New Scotland Yard, but what kind of crime scene has a situation is- ‘with it’ that is too great for London’s ‘finest’?”
He hummed deeply as the liquid burned down his throat. The pipes in the wall stopped rattling, John turned to the cabinet, grabbing another mug. In the flat another door clicked shut.
John hadn’t even thought of that, already knowing Sherlock had gotten his wounds in self-defense. “I know.”
John exhaled. He had agreed to tell Sherlock everything, but he did not quite know where to start. How should he start? What should he start with? Moriarty? The third sibling? Mycroft’s blackmail about Mary, and his ‘all in’ with Sherlock. Sebastian Moran’s mobile numbers that were now gone? What would anyone start with? What would Sherlock obsess with more? What else would John have to add to the investigation list after finishing this case?
John dove for her before she landed on the floor. A shadow fell over them. John turned his head, and was met with pain. He knew that he was on the floor now, and he watched with lights dancing in his eyes as Mrs. Hudson was dragged back into her darkened flat by someone.
Sherlock whirled around, taking John by surprise, his pale hands cupping over each shoulder. His blue eyes stared down at John. “The crime scene is nearby. The killer would have followed them from whatever pub they were at.”
Sherlock hummed next to him. Out of corner of John’s eye, he could see Sherlock fixed his fingers underneath his chin. Long, pale fingers touched over those lips that John had kissed about an hour ago. A small smile bloomed across Sherlock’s face.
John inhaled deeply, just noticing the scent of food in the air. He hadn’t been aware of it before. “Think about what?”
Seeing the time on the phone face made John yearn for his bed. Or tea. Or perhaps tea in bed. Either way, his eyes burned looking at the blue numbers. He flipped the phone open. There was a-
Sherlock bent down; John bit his lip as the skin stretched angrily. John heard the rustling, assuming Sherlock was pulling his trousers back on. It was one thing to share a bed, but another to roam about the flat only wearing their pants. John waited for a moment, prepared to change the topic. Surprisingly, waking up together wasn’t as awkward as it should have been, but this…was making it worse.
He pressed the ‘on’ button and leaned back on the counter, glancing at Sherlock when a witty retort never came. John fixated on pale fingers delicately twisting the knobs. Sherlock’s face was set in the utmost focus; probably going unnoticed that John was looking him over, checking him out in a sense. He exhaled, flushing from what he just thought, from what he remembered, from how his body reacted.
John turned back to Moran, who was frowning at him around the cigarette. “You didn’t tell them you were going to the pool, were you? That’s going to tick him off, ruining the fun like that.”
The other man hummed in agreement, and nodded his head in rhythm to the new song on the radio. He snuffed out his cigarette in the cup holder. “Everyone had their vices. We all die in the end anyways, might as well have something to enjoy in life.”
A/N: So, you guys know how it goes. Either real-life issues or writer's block...guess which one I had? Anyways, thank you for all the great comments, kudos, and bookmarks. Thank you to my beta Whitehart for cleaning up my writing tenses. These characters sometimes do what they want.
The woman rubbed her hands together and blew on them. “Well, I best be getting back inside, if you want you can join me for a drink, but there’s a waitress that I was hoping to get to know better if you didn’t-”
John snatched the black bag from the pavement, fished out the spare key from the pocket, opened the container, and unlocked the door. A part of him waited for the alarm to go off, as if the car would somehow recognise that he shouldn’t be there. It didn’t. John placed the black bag on the passenger side. John felt like a criminal. A part of him hated doing this but it was necessary, so he started the car anyways, and put it into drive.
Sherlock pushed open the metal barrier, John close behind with his gun in hand. The sounds of a sudden sharp crack rang out, drawing distant shouts from below. The reverberation of gunshot drowned out the creaks of the door, a bullet hole wedged in the abused metal where Sherlock’s limb had been. John ducked instinctively, going to one knee, hugging the doorway, his gun at the ready in his steady hand. Sherlock’s pained exclamation and the shrill baby’s cries worried him in his hypersensitive state.
Sherlock grumbled sleepily into John’s hair. “I thought the idea was to have a bit of a kip. Switching the light on doesn’t make it easier.”
“Hello,” he greeted as he paused, shifting the groceries in his hand for his keys. He nodded his head towards the flat. “Mycroft up there with him?”
John paused as Sherlock’s grey-blue eyes roamed over him, taking in whatever untold giveaways that were written on John’s face. “He wanted you to stay away from me romantically. Why?”
A/N: Alright, so chapter nine. I haven't seen the new season, so this story is going to be a light-hearted thing. Thank you for all the comments/bookmarks/kudos. This chapter is beta-ed by englandwouldfalljohn(TheLadyAmalthea) who cleans this story up.
It looked like the detective wanted to something else other than the request for butter chicken and naan. He didn’t know if he could ask. Sherlock had said, repeated what he had told him, ‘All you have to do is ask’. But whatever they were, or getting too, did it qualify for questioning Sherlock about his aborted needs or wants? They hadn’t discussed what they or are not, with defining titles. Sherlock and him had agreed to be ‘All in.’ Sherlock said that his life was John’s, which seemed more like a marriage proposal now that John reflected on it. Was it? Or was Sherlock just stating something? Like his intentions before? At the most, it was a promise. Sherlock would never leave him behind again, and in turn, John couldn’t leave Sherlock.
“No, you didn’t,” John countered automatically as he looked up with an eyebrow raised playfully. He paused. There was nothing smug on Sherlock’s face that matched the tone seconds ago. Instead, his face held obvious joy, love, and wonderment, as if he had been waiting as long as John had for this conversation.
John chased after the taller man, catching up to Sherlock in the quiet corridor. “You don’t just get to stalk off like that. What did you mean by 'a day or two’?”
“That’s enough of the both of you,” ordered Lestrade. He pointed a finger at Sherlock. “You know how the Met works, Sherlock. We need to check every angle, including their background before we interrogate.”
“No. The full print is yours. One partial is mine, and the other unknown. I’ll need a few more minutes to run it into the database.”
The car and Mycroft stopped at the same time. John glanced through the car window, seeing the pale blue lights of the Indian restaurant flashing over the pavement. Mycroft had news about Sherlock’s mission, the one that he left John for. John swallowed heavily. The lump in his throat remained. He turned his head, meeting Mycroft’s eyes. “What about it?”
