“I don´t know how else to live. But I want to try, because I´ve had enough, too. The world is saved, we are free, we´re no longer under Chuck´s control. Someone else can take care of the monsters now, there are enough hunters out there. Don´t get me wrong, I want to be in touch, I want to help. But I don´t want to fight on the front anymore. I´ve earned that. We´ve earned that.”
"I've gotta take a little time
“Why does this sound like a goodbye?”
As it turned out, there was a small Christmas market in town. They took the car to town and wandered around aimlessly. The sun stood low and glittered on the snow. Dean and Cas looked at the goods that were laid out in the booths, choosing matching cups with printed moose for Sam and Eileen and a wood carving set for Jack. Night fell early and they got some mulled wine to warm them while they wandered around. Dean tasted every sweet food that he could get his hands on, until he felt slightly nauseous with all the sugar, but it was such a minor inconvenience that it was drowned out by the bliss of spending time with Castiel. They talked about the places they had visited, their favorite films and actors, which books they had read, and which bands Dean had seen live. Normal things. Everyday things. Dean could picture them living a domestic, calm, quiet life, just like this. He couldn´t wait.
A smile broke through the tears and it hit Dean with the force of a lifetime´s worth of tragedy.
Cas looked up, as if an idea just struck. “But there is … there´s one thing she´s afraid of. There´s one thing strong enough to stop her.”
“Merry Christmas, Dean.”
Dean felt Cas´ hand tighten around his. “I love you, too.”
“No, no, I can´t lose you again, I can´t, I won´t leave you here, you hear me? I won´t!”
“I mean, I´ve had worse.
“Oh. Yeah, I get that.” Dean rubbed his neck awkwardly. “I mean, it´s a movie, too, maybe we could watch it together?”
In the end, they sat on a dock, looking out over Lake Michigan. They nursed their warm cups in one hand and Dean leaned his head on Cas shoulder. The reflections of the city lights and the half-moon glittered on the water. Dean sighed deeply and Castiel wrapped his arm around his shoulder. His voice was quiet when he asked:
Dean lifted his head and Cas looked up. Dean got lost in these blue, clear eyes he´d spent so many hours daydreaming about.
“She texted me a while ago, she´s on the way.”
“Jesus, Cas. Of course I want you to come with me. I always do.”
“We´re gonna ruin the bedsheet.”
Dean had to think about it and Castiel didn´t press, he just waited and scrolled a bit further on their news page.
They held hands while driving and slept with their heads leaned against each other’s shoulders. When evening came, Dean cracked a joke about riding off into the sunset and they recalled their case in Dodge City. Castiel admitted how much he´d wanted to kiss Dean when he came back from the empty the first time. Dean admitted how long he´d been in love with Castiel.
He's sure as hell not going to rush Cas—he remembers just how long it took to get him ready last time. But while Dean enjoyed every second of fingering him open, holy shit, watching Cas do it for himself, seeing him gasp and arch and the way his eyelashes flutter when he must get a good stroke, is about ten times sexier. With his hand where it is, he can feel the tense, impatient push of Cas's fingers, and it gives him a little bit of an idea.
Sam isn't wrong about what he’s saying—Dean isn't on board with what Sam's been doing with Ruby, because using a demon to hunt down a bigger, badder demon seems like a recipe for being stabbed between the shoulder blades. And that has nothing to do with the fact that since he first went to Hell, Dean's entire damned world has changed and changed and changed again.
This isn't 'normally.' The noise Cas makes is part yell, part sob, deep and shaky—but there's no mistaking any part of it for anything but pleasure.
Dean’s back in the bedroom, staring at the cracked ceiling, but his chest tightens like a vice, and a cold sweat breaks out over his entire body. He should say something, but he doesn’t know how; his throat pulses and swells painfully shut, holding back all of the things that threaten to spill out of him.
"Fucking understatement," Dean mutters. The feel of Cas underneath him is really comforting, though. He wonders for just a second what it'd feel like to have him on top of Dean—heavy and sleek. "Shit, Cas. He says he has your grace, what the hell do we do about that?"
Then a lot dizzy as Cas starts to peel his boxers slowly down his hips.
Dean opens his mouth to argue, but really, Bobby makes good points. Dean’s so used to running off to help Sam, before and after anything and everything. He forgets that it's not just him and Sam against the world: that he doesn't need to do things alone.
Cas whispers, "I would really like to see all of you," like it's some big secret.
He does love the feel of that smile.
And Cas still hasn't let go of the handprint.
If there even are Pearly Gates waiting for folk like them. Dean's been to Hell, after all. He knows what he's done.
"Do you remember?" Cas asks, kisses dotting downwards, under Dean’s chin. "I said we had a profound bond?"
"Sam?" Cas says. There's a gentleness to his voice that Dean’s not used to hearing when it’s not just the two of them. "May I see those?"
Sammy always was the one who knew him best.
Sam's other phone catches his eye, sitting just inside his duffel, and it takes seconds to confirm that the bulk of the calls are to Ruby. Great. Dean has no idea what to do with that.
God, Dean couldn't possibly know he wanted this.
Dean sighs and just points. "In."
Dean jerks upright. "Lilith?" he hisses. It's probably a hallucination. Probably. But they can't take that risk. There's no fucking way she made it through the wards and into the panic room without them knowing, though, no fucking way, and—
Dean stops with the cheesy little fried bite halfway to his mouth. Okay, maybe Dean's not stupid enough, but apparently someone forgot to put Castiel in line when God was handing out self-preservation.
Dean watches, mesmerized, as Cas slicks up his own thighs and taint and balls. The sight’s so captivating that it takes Dean a few seconds to put it all together. Also, how does Cas do that, with the words, when there's all of
Yeah. Yeah, this is a fucking
"Oh, fuck all of you," Dean spits. "Not like any of you are the ones who
"Yes!" Dean nods frantically. "Yes, please. Now? Now is good." He's babbling, just a little, but there's a part of Dean that feels like it’s been waiting for this his whole life. For someone to look at him the way Cas is. He never knew it until he got it. But it's here,
But he drifts off again anyway.
Under the washed-thin cover of the flannel, he wiggles his hand underneath the cup of Cas's palm. Dean's fingers slip into the clench of Cas's callused grip. He strokes the tense, tight ball of Cas's thumb, and feels him relax, feels his whole wrist drop. When his hand uncurls, Dean's fingers interlock through his.
"Hey Cas," Dean finally says. "I never wanted to talk about the future because I didn't want to admit I didn't think I had one. It wasn't fair to either of us to plan for that, if all you were going to do was lose me. You know?” He pauses, like he’s waiting for an answer, and God, why would he even? “But… I didn't think about it going down this way and I think I know why now."
on it. All of that fucking talk about 'choice,' about letting him have his choices no matter how shitty they are. About him not going back with the angels, no matter what. He
at him, and if that puts a thought or two or ten into Dean's mind, well...
The blanket settles over them and they sigh. Dean's arm winds around Castiel, and his fingers trace softly down Castiel's spine.
Cas has that knowing look aimed at him, like he knows Dean almost bit off more than he could chew but he's not going to call him on it. Dean’s grateful, but it reminds him that all of those things he's been putting off for a better time are just waiting to clamor for attention.
"That's sweet, precious." Bobby winks right back, and wow, that’s even weirder. "But no. I meant, if we win, then I get my soul back.” He grins, showing teeth through his beard. “It's not like you'd really be losing, what with Lucifer being stuck in his cage and not, y’know, killing y’all. And Lilith, I bet she’s been bad for the deal-makin’ business, right, what with all the signs and the mayhem and all? Well, she’s gonna end this-all as nothing more than demon paste on the floor."
Dean turned to blink at the bird.  Castiel gestured behind him with a tilt of his head.  Dean’s eyes followed the movement.
Sam and Dean narrowed their eyes at one another but did as they were told.
“Now, I know I came in a little hot when I first got here.”  John began quietly, earnestly.  “I realize that I could have handled myself a little better, but you know how worried I get about my boys.”
Dean needed to step forward, needed to say goodnight, needed to say goodbye, needed to tell Sam that he loved him and that everything was going to be okay.  The words were there, there were on his tongue, but he couldn’t seem to force them past his lips.  He managed to take a shaky step towards his brother and reach out a trembling hand to rest on his shoulder.  He couldn’t leave it there long, he knew Sam could feel the tremors in his hand.
“I am, kiddo.  But, I don’t regret it and I would make the same decision again, over and over.”  Dean continued.
Dean had hung his head in his hands and rested his elbows on his thighs.
He yawned widely and rubbed a rough hand against the back of his head.  “Maybe if SOMEONE hadn’t been hiding a lung infection from me for weeks I would have been able to get some sleep.”
It's a lot of demons. They're outnumbered.
Higher Voice—Jimmy—sighs. "September 18th." He's looking at Dean, too, but it doesn't feel the same. He doesn't
Castiel raises his head, frowning, now. "I have watched enough TV to know that 'It's not you, it's me' is
In Chuck's head, in Chuck's visions, Dean became
He does.
"What Lilith did
"I'm not sure yet," Cas says, softly. His eyes meet Dean’s again. Dean doesn’t remember looking away from the road. "So... everything, I'm guessing."
They press together and there's twin sighs of relief, delight and possibly something a bit tangier, headier. Cas's hands go to the hem of Dean's shirt, tugging gently, and just like that, he's shirtless.
Castiel glares. He’s not intimidated by Dean Winchester, and he certainly doesn’t follow his orders when he thinks they’re ridiculous. "Then stop giving it back!"
to the other one, that makes him blink.
This time, Cas's lips curve—a little rueful, but real. His thumbs feather gently against Dean's hip bones, and a fingertip sneaks just barely under the line of Dean's shirt. "Dean, you are in my lap and you just handed me lube." His eyes almost disappear from how widely he smiles, and there's the expression Dean was going for. "If you imagine I can think of anything but 'the good stuff,' you underestimate your own attractiveness."
Castiel grumbles, his eyelids already trying to sag, but he doesn't mean it. Dean's smile is bright even through Castiel's eyelashes, and Castiel strongly suspects that Dean, of course, already knows.
(He doesn't. Sam does.)
It sounds like pain.
Yeah, Dean knows that's a pretty big glass house he's throwing stones out of. Doesn't make it any less true, though.
Cas, though. Cas gets out and immediately turns to trace the line of the Impala's back window down to the body of the car, one finger moving along the glass, the shine of chrome, the deep black of her paint job. He looks rapt, briefly. His smile is small but heartfelt.
Dean has no idea what that means, but he yanks him down onto his cock and Cas's whole body reacts into it.
There's a brief moment where Dean realizes exactly what he's done, but fuck it. He's all in. And he can’t look away from the sight of his ring on Cas’s finger. It’s scratched-up and imperfect, but it fits.
Dean turns just enough to meet Cas's eyes. Cas's eyebrows are up. "Michael hasn't walked on Earth since the first vertebrate crawled out of the ocean," he observes.
"Yeah, how?" he grumbles, but he settles a hand on Cas's back and starts it creeping downwards, towards that fucking fantastic ass of his. Just to pet. Even though it is all covered-up; isn’t that a crime?
They pushed them into the neck of the bottles and, solemnly, drank. And Cas managed to trip over a sandcastle because he was staring so hard at Dean’s marked shoulder. One of the kids asked how he got it before his mom could shush him, but Dean answered, ‘I got in trouble and someone who liked me pulled me out.’
"Yeah?" Dean murmurs, and settles his full length on top of Cas. "How tightly?"
At least Cas, having been human, seems to understand basic boundaries. Like doors. And he doesn't do things like scan the room for 'private' issues, and just bamf his way in when he finds none. Cas, Dean’s pretty sure, would understand why this is an issue, rather than looking at Dean all irritated when he complains.
He turns Cas around, both of them shuffling and bumping in the tiny shower, and pours out the contents of the tiny little bottle of motel shampoo into his hand before setting his fingers in Cas's hair. It's weird: he hasn't washed anyone like this since Sammy was a kid, and God knows he's never had anyone do it to him since he was, well, old enough to wash himself. But he vaguely remembers it feeling nice.
It's not enough—it'll never be enough—but it's something. Dean nods, and starts shifting the body into his arms.
"It was worth it." Cas is still staring down at the clothing. Dean bumps their shoulders together and Cas smiles, but it's brittle. "I'm sorry. With the combination of human emotions and an angel's grace, I find sometimes things are more volatile than I'm used to."
Dean raises his eyebrows. "What?"
Thank God, someone gets it. “Yeah,
Cas seems to spend most of it meeting Dean's eyes in the mirror every time Dean checks. Dean seems to just
I know, I know, it still hurt even though many of you knew that it was coming... I really am sorry about that! We'll always take care of you, though, promise! (And, er, hold on nice and tight to that thought...)
“Yeah. You?”
They both stayed silent for a few seconds, the weight of the moment sinking in.
Cas´ lip trembled and he gripped Dean´s hand tight. “Okay. Yeah. Our last hunt.”
Cas frowned. “I would need a human soul. But that can´t be done, not here. There is no soul for me to take and even if there were, it would have to be compatible. I´m sorry.”
“But we can always come back here and continue.”
“No. Well, it´s throbbing a little bit, but nothing that´d worry me. How are your injuries?”
Giving up is not really Dean´s strong suit. And so, he doesn´t. Whatever it takes, he´ll get Cas back!
“Don´t know, it´s not in the report.”
The bunker was silent. Jack was in his room, Sam had passed out on the library table, a book as a pillow and a half empty glass of whisky in his hand. Dean had draped a blanket over him, but left him there. They could use every minute of sleep that they could get.
“Come on, come on, come on, don´t give up now, don´t give up, come back, you can do this!”
“What do you want? What is it with you people that I can´t just SLEEP?!”
“Yeah, I´m fine. I just … I just thought that it´d be nice to have a life like that.” Cas waved his hand in the general direction of the people outside the car. Then he huffed out a humorless laugh. “But I wouldn´t even know how that works. I don´t know anything besides … how to be a soldier. How to be violent. I don´t – “, Dean took his hand and cut short the self-deprecating monologue. “Cas, neither do I. But we will figure it out, okay? We´ll find something. Let´s just finish this job and then we´ll think about it.” Castiel just nodded mutely, his attention completely bound by “We will figure it out”, and Dean´s warm fingers wrapped around his own. Dean smiled and started the car, but after he pulled out of his parking spot, his hand found Cas´ again. Their fingers entwined, slowly, carefully, and Cas thought he could feel Dean´s racing pulse through his skin. But neither of them pulled away, their hands settled on the leather between them and when he glanced sideways, Cas saw that Dean smiled softly at the road ahead. Castiel leaned back and thought that he´d never been happier than here and now, driving down the snowy road, his thumb circling over Dean´s skin, the low hum of the Impala mixing with the sweet words of an Elvis song on the radio.
Sam sat at the table; a cup of coffee in one hand and the other on the keyboard of his laptop. Eileen stood behind him and had her arms wrapped around his neck. As Dean passed them by on his way to the coffee maker, he saw that they were browsing the same property agency´s site as the day before. Eileen pointed at a house and Sam clicked to read the details, both smiling softly and a little unbelieving.
Cas nodded briefly, but before he went, he pulled Dean close and kissed him once again, sweet and slow.
Dean huffed. “Yeah. And a call with Sammy.”
“Hey, Dean, look at me. We´ll figure it out. And as you said, we can keep track and help other hunters. Not everything has to change.”
“Hey Dean.”
“It´s nothing. But you, I thought you – you weren´t moving and I” Dean hid his face in his hands. “Dammit, one might think I´d be used to this after a lifetime of hunting. Son of a bitch!”
“Breakfast first.”
Dean hurried to catch up and they booked a room with two queens, at the far end of the motel. Dean went to get the bags while Cas went to check the room. They salted the windowsills and the threshold and Dean checked the news while Cas went to get dinner. While he was waiting, Dean checked the address of the next police department, the morgue and the names and addresses of the victim´s families. It was such a well-known routine that it calmed him a bit after the long drive and the constant flutter in his stomach that being close to Cas always caused.
“Are you happy?”
“Yeah, well”, Dean wanted to shrug it off, but again, his mouth had other plans. “I remember a bit of what Christmas was before, you know. Before our mom died. Nothing specific, just bits and pieces. A feeling of warmth and lights everywhere and just the general happiness that related to Christmas. I tried to give that to Sam later, but I was a kid and motel rooms aren´t made to be cozy and festive.” Dean gestured around him with a grin and Cas chuckled. Dean wanted to leave it at that, but again, he couldn´t.
When they turned on the lights in the motel room, Castiel blanched. He helped Dean take of his torn, bloody jacket and ushered him into the bathroom. He sat Dean down on a chair and ignored all protests when he took a towel and the first aid kit and got to work.
“I´m sorry.”
Dean grinned. “Yeah, I guess we´ll have to get up at some point. It´s a shame, I know.”
“Of course, Dean.”
Dean caught him and they both fell to the invisible floor. With one hand, he held Cas up, with the other, he began tapping his cheek.
“Yeah, burn that son of a bitch and come home.”
Cas gripped him tight and threw him out of harms´ way and there was nothing else Dean could to than watch with horror and despair and a scream trapped in his throat how the black goo ingulfed Cas, who was still smiling and more at peace than Dean had ever seen him, and disappear together with Billy and then he was gone.
“We´ll make it for Christmas. Have you called Sam yet? Maybe he knows something?”
Castiel laughed and pulled Dean close again.
“Son of a bitch. A draugr. After defeating god, we failed to kill a goddamn zombie.”
Later, when they were lying in bed, Dean expected his thoughts to race and to keep him up for an eternity. But the sound of the calm, even breaths from the bed next to his lulled him to sleep faster than whisky had ever managed.
“I lost him and now I´ll never get to tell him…”
“Well then, let´s get up.”
“No, I´m gonna get – are you hurt?”
“Yeah, exactly, that one. Actually, that Christmas was pretty shitty, dad never showed up, I had to tell Sam the first bit about monsters being real, he was disappointed and cried the whole night before that… I actually stole a few presents, just so I had something to give to him, but they turned out to be girl stuff. He wasn´t happy.” Dean laughed and scratched his neck. “But I kept the necklace anyways.”
“Are you happy?”
The fire was replaced by ice. “You what?” Deals. Again. As if they hadn´t proved numerous times that that never ended well. Dread settled in Dean´s bones and made his chest constrict even more.
I know you can show me"
“Okay.” Sam and Dean stayed silent for a moment, a lifetime of shared trauma and injuries between them. Then Sam cleared his throat. “Okay, what happened?”
Jack stepped forward. “I will balance this universe. But I won´t interfere. Everyone will be free to live their lives as they want.”
“I wasn´t going to.”
Before he could die of mortification, Dean slipped into his room and washed his face, cooling his burning cheeks, and put on some fresh clothes as well. His thoughts were racing. What did Cas expect from this night? Would they kiss? Would they do more than that? Was Cas ready for it? Was Dean himself ready? Before he could overthink too much, Castiel was back, dressed in an old black T-Shirt that had belonged to Dean before and a pair of sweatpants. For a moment, they stood frozen and took each other in, comfortable clothes and all, but Dean saw the bags under Cas´ eyes and his slumped posture and guessed he didn´t look better.
Castiel´s blue eyes were so clear they seemed translucent, and Dean nearly drove them into a ditch as he lost himself in their openness yet again.
Dean opened the door with a shaking hand, intending to hold it open for Cas.
“Dean, what are you doing here?”
But… happiness… “Why are you telling me this now?”
Dark smoke rose over the sizzling, burning body of the draugr. Dean held Castiel´s hand. They waited until only ashes remained. Then, they made their way to the impala, without haste. They had time.
“It´s not. And everyone who knows you, sees it. Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for love. You raised your little brother for love, you fought for this whole world for love. That is who you are.”
“Neither do I. But ... lives are on the line.”
Cas´ hands came up to caress his head and stroke his back. “Dean.” It sounded like everything was said with that one word. It took a long time until Dean could stop crying and let go of Cas, slightly embarrassed, but not enough to avert his eyes and not drink in every detail of his face. Castiel looked like he couldn´t believe what he was seeing.
Dean hummed a Christmas carol as he entered the kitchen. It was the 21
“That doesn´t mean that you should take this lightly.”
“So get this. There is a creature in Norse mythology that fits your description. It´s called a draugr. It´s a kind of undead and it´s said that it attacks people who are making noise in the time around midwinter.”
“No, I´m going alone. You lot stay here and prepare the bunker for Christmas. If I don´t have a sock and a Christmas tree and eggnog and cookies ready when I come home, I´ll be your personal spirit of Christmas Yet to come and kick your ass.”
Dean tensed up and his eyes flew open, dizzyness be damned.
The movie played with low sound. the light was dim as it grew dark outside and the wind picked up again and threw snowflakes at the window. Castiel´s thumb drew soft patterns on Dean´s skin. It was heaven on earth.
They held each other´s gaze for long seconds. Dean saw Castiel´s eyes widen in wonder at his words and then flicker down at his lips for a brief moment before they met his again. And suddenly, he didn´t know anymore why they had continued to dance around each other even after everything was already in the open. He loved Cas. And Cas loved him. And they both knew it. There was no reason to hide anymore. So Dean lifted Cas´ head with a hand and closed the distance between them, heart beating out of his chest. Castiel held his breath as their lips brushed against each other, soft as flower petals. The brief contact sent a shiver through Dean´s whole body. This wasn´t born of desperation as their last kiss. This was just made of love. And finally, their mouths locked together.
“I would have suggested it myself. I think we´re better together. And I want to finish our last hunt together.”
Hesitantly, the angel looked up at him, doubt and fear in his beautiful, watery, wet eyes and Dean knew. This was the moment. Everything he had to say, he had to say now. But his throat was locked and his tongue was a dead weight in his mouth and for a terrifying moment, he thought he was going to fail, that he would never be able to be as brave as Cas had been. And then he remembered the letter in the chest pocket of his jacket. With shaking fingers, he pulled it out. It took him two tries, and his voice sounded small and unsecure, but word after word, the truth came forth.
“What, no! Don´t … don´t be.”
“I think that´s a good idea.” Eileen seemed serious, but her eyes sparkled. “You can handle the hunt together and Sam, Jack and I will handle the Christmas decorations.”
Dean sighed. “I´m gonna check it out.”
The ball was supposed to start at  eight o´clock, so they returned to the car and parked it in sight of the town hall´s main entry. They shared a thermos with coffee and a blanket, huddling together against the cold. The radio played quietly in the background. For the most part they stayed silent, brief comments on the people entering the hall or about their plan the only conversations. When it got late, they left the car and lurked around the corner of the hall to be ready to go to work when the mood in the room changed and people left.
“Did you not want me to come with you?”
Absentminded, Dean opened a drawer of the desk and peaked inside. There was … something. His mixtape. The old Led Zeppelin mixtape he had given to Cas. A small laugh broke out of him. Of course he would have kept that. But that wasn´t it. Under the tape was an envelope. A white envelope with his name on it.
Castiel sighed deeply and contentedly as he pulled back a bit to be able to look at Dean´s face. He caressed his face and pushed back a lock of hair from his forehead.
Dean huffed a laugh and buried his face in Cas´ chest. He was so relieved, he didn´t even mock Cas for the innuendo.
“I love you.”
After indulging in coffee, sandwiches, some muffins and comfortable silence, Dean called Sam. It was Eileen who picked up.
“Yeah?”
Then he saw him, eyes wild with worry.
“Do you … would you stay with me tonight?” He hurried to add: “Only if you want to, of course!”
“I want to make a deal.” The empty turned Meg´s face towards him.
Castiel nodded. He pulled his machete and they set out to circle the streets around the town house.
A little time to think things over
“Goodbye, Dean.”
It didn´t go smooth. It didn´t take long, either. Barely twenty minutes had passed when Dean heard a silent scream of terror in the distance, from the direction in which Cas had gone. It hadn´t been Cas´ voice, but the former angel would get there much sooner that he could and suddenly, his heart was in his throat. Dean took off, skittering over the snowy streets, smashing into walls, but he didn´t slow down. He heard a gunshot and some shouting only two streets away, running even faster, lungs burning, and stumbled around the corner just in time to see Cas getting thrown into a wall and sliding down. Unmoving. Lifeless.
learn to dance?”
The tears spilled and the little, sobbing laugh nearly broke Dean.
Cas voice was quiet as he answered: “I know. But I´d rather stay here with you.”
“Uhm … yeah, yeah, sure.”
Castiel wiped the blood from Dean´s face with gentle strokes and cleaned his wounds with careful hands. There were several long, deep gashes along Dean´s arms and some on his chest, too. Blood seeped out of them and Dean started to sway as the adrenaline subsided and the blood loss made itself known. Castiel´s eyes were bright with worry and he went out for a moment to snatch some water and a granola bar. He helped Dean lift the glass to his lips and take a bite, again ignoring the weak protest entirely, one steadying hand always on Dean´s shoulder.
Dean took a deep breath.
Sam found him, five hours later, laying on the floor and staring at the wall where Cas had disappeared. Dean had heard him calling his name in the bunker for a good five minutes, but couldn´t get up. Finally, his brother barged through the door.
“What?”
The words echoed through Dean´s exhausted brain, making his eyes burn yet again. Why shouldn´t he… Well, there was nobody stopping him. He opened the door and stepped over the threshold. The room was clean, of course it was. The sheets on the bed were slightly rumpled, as if Cas had just gotten up, made the bed in a haste and then left. There was an angel blade lying on the desk and a photo of the four of them on the nightstand. A spare tie hung over the chair and the door of the closet was slightly ajar, so Dean could see a white shirt on a hanger. A duffle bag lay under the desk.
"Is he okay?" Sam asks, softly, as they're cruising down the highway towards what sounds like a nest of vampires. Dean really hopes it's a small one.
He did. That was definitely true. He never felt like he fit in; he never felt like he could catch up. He knew how to do hunting. He had no fucking idea how to fit homework in between hunting and taking care of Sammy when he didn't give a damn what a cosine was. The only time he ever got grades he cared about was when he was at Sonny's, but Sam doesn't know about that.
, to this kind of... of..."
dog?" Zachariah’s voice reaches a pitch that might not be possible with human vocal cords. "You listen here, you little mongrel," and that's when he lays on hands, grabs Dean by the flannel shirt and shoves him against a wall. "We have work for you and you will do it."
Dean's still having moments over having an actual mailing address that's not a P.O. Box in some podunk town. Also, he's fairly sure that it's the Religious Studies department secretary—yeah, ‘administrative assistant,’ okay—who keeps 'fixing it.' He's not petty enough to say so, though. It's
Sam, seemingly automatically, takes a step back. Dean tries not to take offense. He gets it, he does. Sam’s being smart, considering that angels were also the ones who just kidnapped Dean. It feels weirdly personal, though.
Sam looks up, and his face is serious in that way it only gets when some shit's about to go down. "Dean... You should really look at this when we stop."
before.
"Do not leave your house," Dean instructs Chuck and then he hangs up, handing the phone back to Cas. He takes one last deep breath and then pushes himself upright. This time Cas lets him go. Dean takes a moment they don’t really have to appreciate the wrinkled angel in bed with him. "What was the name of the damn hotel Lilith was supposed to be at?"
want Dean. They just want his body. They want to wear him to the prom like a fucking condom. Jesus fucking Christ. Dean feels his fingers grip at the slender muscles of Cas’s back.
"Not entirely, no," Dean agrees, very quietly.
, the feeling of his body spasming and clenching around the fingers still gently curved inside him is unreal.
Dean actually believes, feeling Cas's big hands moving carefully over his pulse, that this? Is gonna be an awesome date.
"But if anyone does not provide for his relatives, and especially for members of his household, he has denied the faith and is worse than an unbeliever"
Cas sighs, looking down at the hands folded in his lap. “I am,” he insists, quietly. “But… my grace is getting… fairly low. I don’t think I have many flights left in me. Not ones that I can take safely without worrying about ending up trapped in the aether, or in a volcanic crater.” He tries for a smile. “Or in Narnia.”
sonofabitch, and one little love tap from him across the jaw almost turns Dean’s lights out. Uriel didn’t even brace for it. Just reached out and just kind of
"No."
"Anna?" Sam says. "The angel in Chuck's books?" His eyes flick to Dean, and Dean feels himself turning red.
"Hmm?" Dean leans back, fighting the urge to run his nose along the blunt edge of Cas's jaw.
Shit, he's so damned good-looking—all wide-blown blue eyes and flushed cheeks, pink lips a little parted, abs still a little damp from Dean's mouth. He's tenting his plain blue boxers in a way that's making Dean's mouth water, and the fact that that hard-on is even happening as Dean watches makes him a little dizzy.
I really don't know if I'm ready for anything like that," Castiel finishes.
"Dean Winchester?" It's a woman's voice.
"I don't really care for spicy foods," Cas says, with a little bit of apology in his voice.
But Dean knows that the stink of the pyre is still in Sam's nose, just like it's in his own. Sam is looking out the window, silent in a way he hasn't been in a long while. His shoulders are down and his jaw clenches every few heartbeats.
The sounds of the forest had stilled and only the echo of the bullet piercing the air came to his ears. He watched with a frown as the thing in front of him cocked its head curiously before looking down at its chest, where it SHOULD have a large bullet hole. Dean was dismayed to note however, that nothing marred the feathered breast of the damn thing.
Dean blinked at that a few times before taking Castiel at his word.  “Alright, sure.  But you CAN fly with those, right?”
“Just don’t stab him or anything.  I mean, it won’t hurt him but it gives a bad first impression, ya know?”  Dean teased them.
Cas replied cryptically.
He waited a moment, but no attack came. He gulped nervously before lowering his arms from his face. The sound of shuffling feathers came to his ears. A fucking bird?!
Sorry for the delay everyone!  I took some good advice and took a little break for my mental health.  It was much needed but I'm feeling refreshed and will be posting regularly again now!  I promise that things will lighten a little bit in the story soon, then of course they'll get dramatic again, as is the nature of fairytales.
“I need you to keep your cool, okay?”  Sam continued.
He took a single glance backward and spared a thought for his brother and the patchwork family he’d left behind.  They’d be alright, and Sammy would get to live the life he deserved now.
Dean was lost.
“Bobby…”. Dean began.
Dean swallowed and bit the inside of his cheek anxiously.
“I’m gonna miss you, bitch.”  Dean said with in a choked voice.
Bobby huffed in irritation beside him.  “One foot in the grave and you’ve still got a damn smart mouth.”  He stepped up to the bed and ran his rough hand gently through Sam’s hair.  “Get some sleep, idjit.”  Bobby gave him a tender look before stepping away in his heavy work boots.
“Whatcha doin’, Sammy?”  Dean asked as he walked into the living room one morning.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean felt sadness prick at him while he looked at Bobby and Sam interacting in the kitchen.  They had a strange and dysfunctional family and he was going to miss the hell out of them.  Now wasn’t the time for tears though, he could feel sorry for himself later.  He needed to mark another item off of his to-do list now.
“Whatcha doin’, buddy?”
He scrubbed a hand over his face and used the bottom of his shirt to dry himself off.  He twisted the knob on the sink to cut off the flow of water and frowned at the place where a mirror would normally be.  That would take some getting used too.
Oooooo, good news?!
“Just a few more days, hm?”  John continued without preamble.
“Last I checked.”  The grizzled man replied without looking up from unbagging groceries.
“Don’t you speak to me li-“  John shouted but was again interrupted.
“Yeah, Big Bird, that ain’t gonna cut it.  If you expect me to allow you to take Dean from here, I need more information than that.”  Bobby’s voice was firm and his stance was one used for intimidation.  The fact that Cas was much larger and MUCH more powerful didn’t seem to have an effect on the older man.
Dean sighed quietly and opened his eyes again.  He’d been trying to come to terms with Sam’s prognosis for 14 years.  He doubted he would ever be able to accept it, but… there was just nothing he could do about it.  Sam was dying.  Sam likely only had another ten years left, at best.  And Dean could rail against fate or destiny or God as much as he wanted, but it wouldn’t change anything.  Sam was dying.
Sam made his way around the small space while Dean continued sipping on his coffee and Bobby took a seat opposite him.  Dean smiled to himself and appreciated the domesticity of the whole affair.  This was like any other morning for the Winchester-Singer family.  The only real difference was that Sam wasn’t in danger of keeling over in front of them any longer.  He watched as Bobby and Sam held a quiet conversation and simply enjoyed the presence of the two other men.
He chewed anxiously at his lip.  The sun was setting and he was hungry.  His headache from earlier had bloomed into a full blown migraine and Dean realized now it was because he hadn’t had any water the entire day.  He was dehydrated and it was causing him a good deal of pain.  Castiel hadn’t told him the repercussions of being out of his room at night, if there were any, but Dean didn’t feel like risking it on his first night here.
Cas’s brow puckered and he clicked his ferocious beak once in irritation.
He shook his head and frowned at himself.  He was being dramatic.  Who gave a shit if someone could walk in here and say that he’d slept here?  He lived in the memories of his loved ones and that was a more important place to have left his mark than a childhood bedroom.  He yawned loudly and began smacking out the pillows and bedspread to try and rid them of their accumulated dust.  It was a little musty in here and he would likely be sneezing in a few minutes but that was okay.  He was comfortable here and he was really looking forward to sleeping in his bed again.
. Dean chastised himself.  He blamed it on the high intensity situation.
Cas’s voice resonated in his head gently.  It was a night and day difference from the powerful being that had commanded him to get his shit just a few minutes ago.
Sam was quiet as he absorbed this information.  Dean could hear his brother tapping his fingers lightly against his mug.  “Why… Why did you do this?”  He spoke so softly that Dean almost didn’t hear him.
Dean grimaced.  That was basically the long and short of it, though it sounded ridiculous from Bobby’s mouth.  He shrugged awkwardly.  “I mean, that’s basically right.  I did get to go on a hunt the other day… a salt and burn.”
“I believe in you Dean, you can do this.  You’re stronger than whatever spell you’re under.”  John’s voice was sincere and Dean felt tears well up in his eyes at the man’s words.
“I don’t know what you're talking about.” Dean hedged. There was no reason to give up anything yet.
He shifted so he could turn his back against the side of the car.  That would provide him at least some protection from whatever was out there.
“Hey Bobby!  Got a minute?”  Dean asked casually.  Sam had excused himself to go do a breathing treatment and now was Dean’s opportunity to talk to Bobby without fighting with Sam.
Dean thought angrily to whoever was listening.
Other than that, days were spent watching television and eating microwaved meals.  Dean and Bobby alternated cooking meals in the evenings and they all sat together eating and laughing like a family at the table.  It soothed something inside Dean that had been ragged for a long time.  Even when he’d been here before all of this they hadn’t really done things… like a family would.  Not like a normal family anyway.  Not since his mother had died.  And even if John wasn’t here, which was honestly a good thing, Bobby was more of a father figure to fill that position than John ever had been.
“Alright, so what’s her name?”  He asked with a sly smile.
Dean raised his eyebrows in question at Sam and then Bobby.  The two men looked a little uncomfortable before Bobby gave him a tight smile.  “How’d ya sleep, boy?”
. He thought to himself.  He had a feeling he wasn’t going to get away from today without any tears, but he didn’t realize they were going to start so early.  He chewed the inside of his cheek for a moment before shrugging.
He pulled easily on the trigger and the sound of the gunshot shattered the peace of the forest around them. Dean continued to hold the gun level, waiting to see what the reaction of the creature would be. Hopefully, the damn thing would keel over and Dean could pop it once in its feathered brain before getting the hell out of here.
Electricity shot down his nerve endings and he threw himself down in an attempt to get away from the creature. The bird didn't press further though. After that first contact, it resettled its wing against its back and looked at him expectantly.
Dean cried and he raged for hours.  He broke several frames with pictures of his parents in them, smashed the wooden chair that had sat under his window, tore his curtains, and ripped his drawers from his dresser.  After he’d expended all of his energy, he sat heavily in the center of his floor, surrounded by the remnants of his fury.  He toyed idly with the frayed edge of a sock as he ignored the headache that was consuming him.
He grumbled to himself impatiently and turned out of the room.  He should try to meditate to calm his nerves.
Castiel tilted his head at him in confusion, but didn’t comment on Dean’s reaction.  Instead, he did his strange hop down the hall and Dean followed steadily after him.  Dean was still giggling now and then, and he was happy to note that the sound seemed to further confuse his warden.  His headache was still pounding at him relentlessly but the laugh had felt good, it had relieved a small knot of tension in his gut he’d had all day.
Dean startled at the sound of the bird speaking to him.  He’d been lost in his own thoughts and hadn’t been paying much attention.  He hunched his shoulders towards his ears in irritation with himself for forgetting his surroundings.  Was he afraid?  He frowned in thought.  No, not really.  This was strange and new and he had a feeling that he was about to be a sex slave to Big Bird but he had healed Sam and honestly… that was the only thing that mattered.
And then a crushing sense of guilt was weighing on Dean.  He’d been trying to make a light-hearted, if bitchy, joke but now he felt bad for it.  Of course Sam had been worried.  Dean had just magically appeared one day after going missing for months.  And now he was trying to blow Sam off with a stupid retort.  He was a dick.
The tremor in Dean’s hands became more pronounced and Dean clasped his hands together tightly between his knees in an attempt to hide them.
“So, Dean…”  Sam began one morning.  Dean had been here for around a week at this point and Sam had finally stopped waking in a panic every morning, expecting his older brother to have disappeared in the night.
Bobby chuckled at the brothers and rolled his eyes.  “Like I don’t know my own kids.”  He mocked them lightly.  And it was true, Bobby knew exactly what the two of them liked and exactly what the two of them hated.
The silence around the table was deafening.  Dean winced as he pictured the looks on their faces.  This was a horrible way to do this, he was such shit at these emotional revelations.
After a time, Dean noticed that their forward motion had slowed.  He cracked his eyes again to see if he could make out anything about their surroundings.  He blinked rapidly in confusion.  Well, not only had their forward motion slowed, it had stopped altogether.  They were now standing outside a large… house?  Mansion?  Fucking mountain?  Dean had absolutely no idea what to make of the giant structure before him.
Castiel shouted in horror.  His feathers fluffed up in dismay and he looked at Dean in shock.
Sam lips tightened and he frowned angrily.  “Dean…”. He began, likely in an attempt to argue.
Dean blinked stupidly at it before his brain finally caught up with him. The arm holding his gun snapped upright immediately and he leveled the barrel of the revolver at the creature's chest.
The atmosphere in the house was a little tense whenever John was around now, but true to his word, the man didn’t engage in any more screaming matches with his sons.  There was a strange calculating look in his eye whenever he focused on Dean though and that was a little unsettling.  But, the four of them spent a fairly pleasant week and a half together.
It was a jarring sensation and it took Dean out of time for a moment.  He’d been here with Sam for the last 14 years, repeating this same conversation, playing these roles each and every time they were here.  14 years they’d been doing this with the doctors, the hospitals, the treatments, the infections… how many more years would they continue to do it?  What had Pam said?  Your years are winding down…
Dean cringed just slightly and attempted to make himself smaller in his chair.  His hands began to tremble just slightly in response to his father’s anger.  John hadn’t been like this in a while, and Dean remembered rather vividly the last time he’d upset his father like this.
There weren’t even any doors anywhere.  All the rooms had the same arched opening but not a single one had a door.  There wouldn’t be many secrets between the two of them if this was how the whole place looked.  Occasionally, they would pass a window, and a warm stream of sunlight would dance across Dean’s arms.  It felt nice.  He was used to the climate of the Pacific Northwest, cool and wet.  It was warm here, almost suffocating, and dry.  He could almost feel the moisture leaving his skin as they walked.  But the heat was comforting in a surprising way.
Back at the bunker Sam and I share a beer in midst of the quietness of the bunker. Sam says that now without Chuck in the picture we can finally for the first time in our life decide what we want to do. He talks about living a normal life, something he always wanted to do. And while Sam talks about all of these things, I'm stuck with everything that I ignored so far because of our goal to fight Chuck. Everything is coming back up. The memory from that day. All the emotions that are connected to this event. All the pain, all the tiredness. I heard Sam suggesting to go on a ride, just relaxing and listening to music but because it's late and because I definitely don't have the energy to do something as carefree as that right now, I tell him that I'm a bit tired from all the stress. Sam looks a bit disappointed but also admits that he himself is also pretty tired. We decide to talk tomorrow about what to do next and just go to our rooms.
Somewhere in heaven where Castiel is working, it's silent.
It's black. It's black and slimy everywhere. No matter where you step or touch. It's black slime or rather sludge. But that is not correct. There in the distance is a person. I can see them. Slowly I try walking towards them which isn't the easiest with all the sludge around. It's like quicksand. But I need to reach the person, my mind tells me too. I get closer and closer but with every step I also get more anxious as if I knew what was about to happen. But that is impossible. Finally I reach the person and turn them around by grabbing their shoulder. I shouldn't have. My legs give in and I fall onto the ground, sitting and staring up at the person. "C-Cas.." I stutter. But it's already too late. The black sludge is consuming him. Everything. Until there's nothing left. It all vanishes into a the ground mixing in with all the other sludge. I try to get up, but I can't. Looking around I notice why. It's the sludge. It's also consuming me. Before I could react to it, it was all dark again and it felt like I'm suffocating.
"I know that you can not hear me. I just want to tell you, that I've tried, Cas. I've really tried my best. I tried to change my perception of myself because of all the things you said about me. I tried to help more, I tried to fix my problems. I tried to apologize for every mistake I made and accept these mistakes for what they are. A learning experience to better myself. I tried to apologize to everyone. And you're the last person I have to apologize to. I'm Sorry. I'm sorry for every time I was mean to you. For every time I didn't trust you, I'm sorry for all the times you had to suffer because of my actions. I'm sorry for all the times I was the one to make you suffer. When I kicked you out once, when I was so done with all of it. When I was angry with you. For the times it was me who hurt you. Especially the time where I let out all my frustration on you, punching you, nearly killing you when I was under the influence of the mark. I'm sorry that I couldn't be a better friend. That I didn't give you the support you may have needed in between. I'm sorry that I always just assumed and decided that you would help instead of asking you. I'm sorry for every time I ignored you and only answered you when I wanted something. And most of all, I'm sorry for ignoring your feelings for all these years. I never really asked how you are, whether everything is fine, if you'd maybe like to do something. I never thought about it. I'm so sorry. You said you changed because of everyone around you, because of me. I don't think it was because of me. I think it was your own doing. You were always nice. You always helped. You had trust in things, in which I didn't. You raised Jack. You trusted him with everything while I was cynical about every aspect. You always tried your best. You sacrificed yourself a lot of times to save us, to save the world, to save humanity that you came to love. I'm really really sorry for all the bad experiences but I'm also glad. I'm really glad that even though you had to go through all these bad things, that you still stayed with us. That you always came back. You could have turned your back to us and just leave the whole picture. But you didn't. And for that, I want to thank you. Thank you for all you did. For all the times you had to save us. For all the times you protected us on your own accord. For all the times you didn't understand our jokes but still tried to. For all the times you tried to make us laugh in a dire situation. I'm thankful that we met. I'm glad this happened. Whether it was Chuck who wrote it or not, I don't care. It was good. There's nothing else that I could imagine that could top this. But ultimately, right now, I'm just sorry. I'm sorry that I didn't find a way. I promised I would. That's what we always did. I know you bit your farewell knowing that it would be for forever. But I just couldn't accept it. I mean after all these years where everyone always came back, I suddenly have to accept that this time it won't work out? That is impossible. But I believe I finally reached the breaking point with this. I think you're right. I checked every book for a single thing that could help. But I found nothing. That's why I'm sorry. Please forgive me, but I give up. I can't deal with this for any longer. The pain is eating me up from the inside out. I'm really sorry for wasting your efforts like this. But I hope you can understand... I guess all of this here is my goodbye, this time.. please don't be sad. I'm sorry, Castiel.." With all the exhaustion washing over me like being buried under waves, I close my eyes, spilling the last tears that were still holding onto them. My breathing becomes shallow and shortly after that it stops completely, I assume. The only thing I notice right before darkness overcomes me, is my door bursting open and Sam frantically shouting. That is the last I see before drifting off into darkness.
Dean felt his throat tighten uncomfortably.  How could he forget?  He nodded to his father and mumbled a soft, “Yes, sir” in response.  That seemed to satisfy the man because he didn’t say anything else after that.
Mr. DinoDNA and I just received some pretty awful news so I apologize if this chapter is a little lackluster.  I'm doing what I can!
He was on his way out the door, when Castiel’s deep and mournful voice drifted after him.
“SAM!”  Dean yelled loudly.
Dean would admit that he was still a 15 year old trapped in a 26 year old’s body and so without thinking he hopped into immediately into a silly nursery rhyme.
Dean looked around the room as if looking for more people.  “Well, probably because I wasn’t in it?”
“You didn’t have too, bitch!  It’s my job to protect you!”
Sam had been silent while the two had had their moment but he stepped in eagerly now in an attempt to fill the silence.  “So!  Where have you been?”
Dean was silent as he absorbed that statement.  He wasn’t sure if that made him feel better or… something else.  It sounded like this guy was the last of his species, which was pretty damn depressing actually.  Dean ruminated on that while they continued down the hall.
“How?” Dean snapped before he could catch himself.
“Do.  I want a look at this thing.”  Bobby replied as if they were discussing the weather.
He took a hesitant step forward, but made it a point to avoid looking at the edge of the cliff before him.  He turned cautiously towards the building again and gave it another once over.  It looked almost like one of those Native American cliff houses.  He vaguely remembered Sam watching a special on them a few years ago.  Except this one was damn near in the clouds and about 100 times bigger.
It has been days since everything happened. We spent our time doing some research. Okay, Sam and Jack spent their time doing most of the research. I instead was becoming increasingly more frustrated and angry with everything. The nightmares didn't help. I couldn't sleep anymore. I didn't want to sleep anymore. Every time I closed my eyes I felt uncomfortable, irritated, anxious even. And when I actually managed to fall asleep, thanks to all the alcohol in my system, I had the worst nightmares. I had this before. I know what it means. It also didn't help when Sam found me asleep on the floor with my face on top of an empty whisky bottle. So much for trying to not be obvious. With a screeching halt we come to a stop in front of a church. "You sure about this, Jack? Whatever you're picking up on is in there?" Asked Sam as we approached the gate. Why and how would somebody still be here? "In there or very nearby. Guys, I have no idea what we're walking into". Entering the Church we look around for any evidence that somebody might be here. It looks and gives of the feel that you have everywhere. The picture of the sudden disappearance of all life. But then again, if no one is here, why look the candles as if they were just lit and why are all kinds of books sprawled around on the benches? "So, you survived." A voice spoke up. "Michael?" A sudden wave of anger comes rushing over me but I try to keep it inside and let no one notice. I don't really know how and why we decided to bring Michael back with us to the bunker, but here we are. I was too busy dealing with myself to really think about it. I'm just tired.. so tired. But I don't want to sleep. I sit down at desk in the study hall and take a look at all the various books trying to find a single thing that could help us with Chuck. The morning comes and I haven't found anything. Sam and Jack come into the room with a similar expression, that tells me they didn't find anything either. I sit down in front of a pillar trying to focus my thoughts on the situation at hand with Michael also being around now. My new phone rings. Sam gave it to me because he said that right now, having a phone is crucial. I don't even hear it ring the first time because I'm just in my mind and way too tired to be able to catch everything that's going around. I take my phone out and look onto the display. Me heart and breathing stops for 5 seconds. My hands unconsciously clutching my phone tight. This can't be. It's impossible. My thoughts begin to race again. Slowly I accept the call and raise the phone to my ear. "What..?", I ask with a low voice not believing the caller ID shown on my screen and yet hoping it is true. As soon as hear his voice my mind goes blank and I'm unable to do anything. "...can you let me in?". It takes me a second to comprehend but I've never been faster on my feet and at the entrance to the bunker than right now. I take a deep breath and open up the door. As soon as I did regret and an immense pain in my chest consumed me. I shut the door as fast as I opened it and ignore everything. I only mind absently see everything happen. Lucifer bringing in a woman and killing her. She transforming into Death by the looks of it. We bringing her to Gods Death Book. She coming back after a couple of minutes with the book. And just when she is about to tell us what it says in there, Lucifer kills her and grabs the book, explaining something about how Chuck got him back and that he did that for his dad and that he's daddy's number 1 now. The hatred on Michael's face wasn't to miss and so it's no surprise that he tries and succeeds in killing Lucifer. Around that time I finally came back to all my senses and gave Sam a knowing look which he understood straight away. I pick up the Book and we discuss what to do next. Sam suggestes that he'd look for information in the book of the damned and that I and Jack would check other books for any other possible information. On my way to my bedroom I enter the kitchen and grab a new bottle of stronger alcohol. Stepping into my room, I first close the door, then put the bottle on the bedside table and lastly let myself fall onto the bed. I'm exhausted. I'm done. I grab the bottle and open it to take a big gulp. The alcohol burning in my throat, giving me the only sense of feeling right now. Hatred welling up inside me. Not because of what happend with Lucifer and Micheal or the momentarily new Death. No, it's the phone call. It's the fact that I answered it hoping for something that was clearly impossible. Getting excited about seeing Cas again no matter what shape he would be in. Only having him back would be all I need. Taking another swing from the bottle, I try to ignore all of it. I don't want to think about it but I can't stop my thoughts. It's not until halfway through the bottle that my mind finally shuts up and my eyes close.
"DEAN!"
"Dean! Oh thankfully you're alright. What's up? What are you doing here? I tried calling you for at least 5 times and you never picked up! I was worried!" Sam says  in an increasingly louder getting voice, probably to check if I listen to him. "Yeah, uh can't really answer with that." I say nonchalantly looking over at my broken phone, laying on the ground. I can see that Sam gets more and more confused with every minute that passes. "What? Why is your phone broken? And still, why are you sitting here?" Sam returns his gaze to me, trying to find answers. "Uh, Billy tried to kill me. So we had a small fight. Must have happened then", I lie halfway through my teeth. They don't need to know everything. Sam seems to be thinking for a moment before he gets back up, pulling me with him. I feel how my legs are unsteady but I try to not let Sammy notice. "Okay, let's go and sit down in the kitchen. There's new information you need to know and I think it's best to get some food in first", Sammy decides and that's exactly where we are going. Or in my case, more staggering.
Sam may be sick, but he was raised by a Hunter.  So, first things first, he needed to let Sam know that he might be leaving for a while.  He couldn’t risk Sam or Bobby trying to find him, who knew what Castiel would do if they tracked him down.  He might reverse whatever cure he would give to Sam.  No, Dean couldn’t risk it.  He had to come up with something to tell Sam.
He was still in a bad head place right now. He hadn't had time to recover his equilibrium yet. He needed to be more careful or he would get himself AND Sam killed by whatever this thing was.
Dean's thoughts of matching member jackets and ID cards came to an abrupt halt when he finally got a good look at his brother. This wasn't right… there were too many machines. There hadn't ever been this many machines before…
And with that, Dean hiked his duffle over one shoulder, and followed Castiel inside the arched doorway of the clay mansion.
Castiel continued with his odd hobbling steps, undeterred by Dean’s questions now.  There was silence for a moment before Castiel responded quietly.
“I- uh, I love you, little brother.”  Dean said quietly.  He knew they weren’t much for melodrama, but he wanted to get the words out just in case.
Dean bit anxiously at his cheek and watched his brother sadly.  He knew that Sam knew all of this, knew that he had learned all of John’s hunting lessons whether he had wanted to or not, knew that Bobby would take care of him when Dean was gone.  But… he was going to miss the little snot.  Sam had been his entire world for his entire life.  The thought of never seeing him again…
The air around and above him was almost black and Dean doubted that they were flying like a normal bird would.  He had no idea what Castiel was, but he knew that if he possessed the kind of powers that could cure an incurable illness then he could likely be capable of anything.  Maybe they were travelling interdimensionally?  Dean immediately stopped that train of thought.  He knew he wasn’t smart enough to be even considering possibilities like these.
Bobby’s expression didn’t change as he set a small styrofoam container on Sam’s bed.  Where the Hell was he hiding all of this food?  Sam visibly brightened at the sight and lack of smell coming from his own container.  He popped the lid of the styrofoam and smiled widely at the contents.
Dean, who was used to seeing the bird, smiled at him.  He had missed his feathered captor and that thought wasn’t as strange as it had been a few days ago.  It was good to see the large piercing eyes and curious head tilt that he’d grown so accustomed to over the last few months.
“You may wanna wake your daddy, boy.  He’ll wanna see you off.”  Bobby called as Dean retreated from the kitchen.
“I know.”  Sam answered softly.
Cas said politely, though Dean suspected he didn’t mean a word of it.
“Bobby, I don’t think that’s-”  Sam began only to be interrupted by a sharp look from the older man.  Sam sighed heavily and apologized under his breath to his brother.
“Find something better out there?”  Bobby asked, though from his tone, Dean suspected that he wasn’t counting on it.
Castiel nodded just as Dean began counting.  As soon as he’d said “2” he yanked hard on Cas’s wing and applied pressure to his back.  There was a gentle grinding and a soft pop as the bone snapped back into place.  Cas let out a surprised gasp of pain and flared his wings immediately.  They stretched together easily and he quickly settled them back against his body.  He tested the muscles on the left one experimentally for a moment before he was satisfied that it was back in place.
“Turkey wrap!”  Sam hooted in delight.
Dean used a large knife to cut all of his vegetables and the chicken into bite-sized pieces.  It took a few attempts of trial and error before he was able to figure out how to work the “ovens”.  One was larger than the other and had an open face, presumably to function like a stovetop.  It took a little working, and Castiel had to light the fire for him, which was embarrassing, but he managed eventually.
Dean had a feeling that the older man didn’t believe him, but before the conversation could progress any further, Sam’s larger than life form stumbled into the kitchen.  Dean raised his eyebrows in surprise at his kid brother and watched as a series of emotions played themselves out across his face.  Fear, happiness, disbelief, anger, then happiness again.
Dean knew that he was being obnoxious.  He’d told Cas this damn story at least three times, but he couldn’t seem to help himself.  He was just so damn excited!  He’d been cooped up here for weeks (months?) and it had felt amazing to be out in the world doing what he loved.  He was still running on adrenaline, but he could tell that his body was slowing.  He’d been up for over 24 hours at this point and he was exhausted.
Cas intoned mysteriously.
Castiel clicked his beak at the question.
