She pulled up to Andy's house and Sam ran out with his stuff. "Hi mom." He greeted, "hi sweetie. Did you have fun?" Mary asked and Sam nodded. "Sam listen, Dean went into heat a little early and it's pretty bad." Mary started and Sam looked scared, "is he going to be okay?"
Dean got out of the shower and there was a small present on the foot of the bed, but Cas was no where in sight. Dean pulled on some boxers and opened he card first
“You’re right. I’m sorry. Now go give aunt Charlie the biggest hug you can.” He watched Henry take off down the stairs and got up to follow him.
“Dean. I have to get to work.” Cas said softly but Dean didn’t even look at him. “Henry’s downstairs with your mom, please eat some of the breakfast I brought up for you.” still no answer. With a sigh Cas just kissed Dean’s forehead and left the room.
"Is it going to hurt?" Dean asked quietly, "yes." Mary said quickly, "well, way to sugar coat it…" Dean mumbled, "I'm sorry sweetie, but yes it's going to hurt, you're too young for the medicine to numb your lower half." she explained. They talked for about half an hour before they asked everything the needed to know, "come on Cas. I'll take you home." Dean said getting up from the couch, "I'm going to tell Gabe." Cas announced once they got into the Impala. "I figured you would… Just make him promise not to tell anyone yet." Dean pleaded, "I will… Will you be at school tomorrow?" Cas asked, "no, mom already called and explained everything but said I would be staying home the rest of the week to give myself a chance to adjust or whatever." Dean smiled softly and pulled up in front of Cas's house. "I'll talk to you later." Cas said kissing Dean quickly before getting out.
Cas's heart broke a little when he saw the pain on Dean's face, "set him on the kitchen table." Mary instructed and went to get the first aid kit. When she returned she stopped in her tracks and couldn't help at stair at her son and his boyfriend, Dean had his arms around Cas's waist with his head on his shoulder and Cas hand one arm around his good side rubbing his back while his other hand just rested on Dean's thigh lightly.
After they ate they moved the party upstairs to Dean's room. "I say we change now that way we don't have to pause a movie when we decide to put pajamas on." Charlie suggested already digging through her bag. Benny just took his jeans off and got inside his sleeping bag, Dean and Cas turned around to let Charlie change and also so they could get things from the dresser.
Dean flinched when the bedroom door shut, Cas had shut it gently but to Dean it was a slam. He rolled over and saw a plate with scrambled eggs and toast and a glass of orange juice. His stomach growled, he eyed the food a little longer before the hunger took over. Dean sat up, turned the tv on low to some random show just to have noise and ate his food.
“I’m sorry but I’ve been trying to plan things and nothing is really popping out to me. I’d be perfectly happy with just a small ceremony with our moms, siblings, Charlie, Benny, Bobby and Ellen.”
Once he was mostly dressed there was a soft knock on the door. “If it’s Cas go away. If not come in.” Dean yelled. Charlie poked her head in.
"Shit." Cas said getting up to go after Dean he went to the bathroom door and knocked. "Dean?" when he got no answer he pushed the door open, and saw Dean sitting on the closed toilet with his head in his hands. "Dean baby, please don't stress yourself right now." Cas said softly moving to kneel in front of Dean, a movement he noticed he does a lot, he carefully pulled his hands away. He gripped both of them in one hand and lifted Dean's head with his other.
Dean crawled up the bed on his hands and knees and presented himself to Cas, "come on babe, I'm ready." Dean groaned and Cas could see the steady trail of slick running down Dean's thigh, which only made him harder. "Just, uh, before you get to it, you should probably open me up a bit. When I'm in heat you wouldn't need to but now you would." Dean said sounding a little nervous. Cas crawled up behind him and placed a small kiss on Dean's lower back and inserted one finger, "Cas, I can take two, I promise." Dean sighed pushing back on the fingers. He withdrew his finger and coated the other one with Dean's slick and slowly pushed them in.
“Cas.” he whispered. “You idiot.” Dean grinned and grabbed the suit before pulling Cas in for a kiss.
Henry was content being passed around so much, he only fussed when he needed a diaper change and when Dean took him into the nursery to feed him before taking him upstairs. "Alright everyone, say goodnight to Henry…" Dean whispered since his son was half asleep, everyone said goodnight and Cas followed Dean up the stairs.
"Dean? Is Cas an alpha?" Sam asked quietly once they were in the Impala, "yes. Why?" Dean asked and snuck a quick glance at him before paying attention to the road. "Just curious… Bobby said that you too seemed to hit it off… So I-I just figured that, never mind." Sam said and looked out the window. "Figured what Sammy?" Dean asked becoming upset, "w-well… We're starting a section about true mates in school a-and it just sounded like the way Uncle Bobby was talking, that maybe you and Cas are true mates." Sam said.
He dropped the papers on Bobby's desk and scooted as close as possible to Cas. "What's wrong?" Cas asked when he could smell how pissed and slightly scared Dean was, when Dean just shook his head Cas grabbed his hand under the table, he could already smell Dean calm down a little.
I said raising my eyebrow, "yeah, so you could be pregnant." Dean whispered, "Dean, one beer isn't going to hurt anything. If it makes you feel better on the way home we can get a test. But I'm telling you, I honestly don't think I am." I whispered back. "Thanks Jo." I said when she put down the beers. "No problem, now what can I get ya?" "The usual" Dean said giving her a wink, "alright, be back later." Jo said and left once again. When Jo returned with out food we ate in a comfortable silence; Jo came back about a few minutes later, "mom said don't worry about the bill, it's busy enough that you don't have to pay tonight."
Dean read and untangled Cas's arms, "nooo, where you going?" Cas groaned, "mom said Henry's hungry but should be good the rest of the night afterwards." Dean grumbled and threw his robe on sneaking past Charlie and Dorothy and up stairs to his mom's room.
They sat there and ate lunch and talked about how Dean's first week of school went. "I think this year's yearbook is going to be one of the best." Dean smiled, "we have more staff than last year, Bobby even said that he has a good feeling about it." he continued. "That's great honey, how's your art class?" Mary asked, "great, Ms. Barnes wants me to enter the art show… I don't know if I should." Dean said pushing his food around a bit.
Dean pulled up to his house and the walked in finding Mary in the living room, "so Cas… Why did Dean need to come pick you up? You're not sick are you?" she asked getting up from the couch and checked his forehead. "No Mary, I uh… I've been suspended till Monday." Cas said avoiding her eyes. "For defending me, and possibly beating the crap out of someone." Dean smiled kissing Cas's cheek as he passed by to sit on the love seat.
"Wait!" Amelia called and Cas slowly turned back around, "what do you want? I need to go to work." Cas sighed, "what I can't talk to my best friend?" she asked and there was a bark of laughter behind her. "Best friend? Uh, yeah I don't think so blondie." Charlie said crossing her arms, "excuse me? I've known Cas for a while." Amelia said, "yeah, you may have known him longer, but you are not his best friend. You're just some psycho bitch who's trying to get in his pants." Charlie growled and Cas and Benny just stood there in shock. "Oh really? Look, I'm sorry you're in love with Cas, but he'd never go for your type." Amelia smirked and Charlie laughed, "in love with him?! HA! Yeah, I love him, like I love Dean and Benny. But trust me sweet heart, he's not my type."
"Ooohhh simple yet cute. Thanks mom, then I think my heel boots will go perfect." Mary said and began to tug her shirt off. "Woah! At least wait till I'm out of the room before you start stripping!" I said turning around and walking towards the door. "Mom, please. You gave birth to me and changed me when I was a baby, I don't have anything you haven't seen before." Mary said "I don't care if I wiped your ass when you were a baby, you're 16 now and it would be highly inappropriate for me to be in the room while you change." I said and left the room before she could make another comment.
"Sam and Jess extended their offer to the zoo, I'm going and I think it would be fun if you came too." I said shifting Mary to my other hip. "Alright, give me 45 minutes." Dean yawned and I walked out of the room to give Dean some privacy. "What was all the yelling about?" Sam asked once Mary and I returned to the kitchen, I chuckled "I thought it would be funny to have Mary wake Dean up so I had her yell as loud as she could and it was worth the ringing ears." I smiled and set Mary down so she could do what ever. "Ah, well, I can just see Dean's reaction." Sam chuckled.
Weeks went by and so did a few dates between Dean and Cas. It was now the last week of August and it also had been weeks since Dean has cut. The homecoming dance was next moth, they always had homecoming in the middle of September. They were sitting in photography minding their own, when Bobby started talking, "alright calm down. I've graded your last assignments, and I was pretty impressed. Now, we're going to start working on photos in night time or daytime, so after today, you have till next friday to turn in a picture that you have taken in either day or night. Dean, bring yours in the monday after." Bobby said just to Dean once he sat down. "Why wont you be here next week?" Cas whispered and Dean just stared at him "uh… I uh." Dean stuttered and pulled out his binder and he and Cas talked through note passing.
"Look, Amelia, we need to talk." Cas started, "Dean's in therapy? Why?" she said completely ignoring him, "uh, reasons. But we need to talk." he started again. "Okay…" Cas took a deep breath and quickly thought of the right words to say.
"Care to explain why you were beating the daylights out of Mr. Hill?" Crowley asked once they were seated in his office. Cas was still fuming and he barely noticed Crowley getting up to open his window, "calm down, you're stinking up my office." he complained. "He was threatening Dean." Cas bit out, "threatening how?" he asked. "basically told me he was going to rape him. He thanked me for 'opening him up' for him. And he asked if the rumor of him being pregnant is true." Cas said, "ah, but it is true, may I remind you Mr. Novak."
Dean carefully picked up his baby and chuckled when Henry wrinkled his nose and huffed a little in his sleep. He sat down in a chair and pulled out his phone, noticing he had two snaps; one from Charlie and the other from Cas. Dean got Henry situated in his arm and opened Charlie's snap, it was a picture of her Calculus book and it said 'omg. 2 cute! XD' Dean laughed and sent another picture of Henry and replied, 'can't wait til we can take him home'.
An hour later the three of us were snuggled up on the couch with popcorn and watching Finding Nemo. "Oh, Dean I forgot to tell you, Jimmy and Amelia are going to be bringing Claire over around 5:30 that way you can re-meet them, that way it won't be too weird at the shower." I said glancing over at him. "Okay, is there anyone else I need to know about that I've forgotten?" Dean asks quietly and my heart pulled a little hearing the small amount of sadness in his voice. "Uh, no I don't think so, you should remember Anna and Balthazar… I think they're the only one of my siblings going besides Jimmy." I said, "shhhhh" Mary shushed us and Dean and I let out a small chuckle.
"It's amazing. Thank you." Cas said, they were currently standing in the now living room, it had a flat screen with all of Dean's movies lined up on shelves a small sectional and a recliner. "We'll be upstairs, come up when your done and I'll make breakfast." Mary said and her and Sam headed back upstairs.
“Dean? Can I come in?” Mary asked after she knocked. When there was no answer she tried the door knob, sending a silent prayer to find the door unlocked. She saw Dean sitting on the floor with drying blood on his arm, “Dean?”.
"Gabe, relax. It's just a check up. If you're lucky you'll be able to find the gender today." I said trying to calm him down while we waited for Dr. Maddison. "I don't like this." Gabe grumbled, "what do you mean you don't like this? You get to see your baby Gabriel, get to listen to their heart beat." I said confused, "no, that part I love, I don't like how they poke me with needles and that gel is to freaking cold." He continued to grumble. 10 minutes later we both were sitting in the exam room, "okay Gabriel, let's get a look at your baby." Dr. Maddison said squirting the gel on his stomach.
Cas said and was momentarily confused to why there was a loud rustling sound and loud voices. "Cas!" He heard Charlie call out,
“NO!” Dean sobbed, “I CAN’T LOOSE THEM BOTH!” Dean was in a full panic now. Benny let Dean go with the promise that he wouldn’t run into the building after them.
After they ate and the boys washed the dishes, they went back downstairs. "I'm going to take a shower." Dean said heading for the bathroom, "how about we just quickly wash our hair then take a bath? Who knows when we'll get another quiet time to take one together?" Cas grinned, "hmm, I like that idea." Dean smirked and started stripping.
"He's doing okay, Dr. Maddison is running a few more tests but he does have a small infection. We will give you some medicine to give him at night before he goes to bed and in the morning when he wakes up for the day." The nurse explained. "Oh, okay." Gabe replied and his face instantly lit up when he saw Dr. Maddison walking down the hallway. "Hi guys, Gabriel, Alex is doing great. I'm sure Ava told you about his infection?" She asked and Gabe nodded, "Okay well, here you go," Dr. Maddison said placing Alex in Gabe's arms. "Now, the infection isn't bad, but I want you to bring him back in two weeks for a check up. His lungs look good and his other vitals are also good." She said, "thank you." Gabe whispered and we left.
“I can do it, but thank you.” Dean dug through the fridge looking for his food and pulled out a few other things.
“Alright, Gabe’s downstairs with Charlie, just a heads up.” Dean just grunted and grabbed his glasses.
Once Mary was dry and in clothes we went back outside where everyone was fixing plates of food. I set Mary down next to Sam on the picnic table and went to go fix her a plate, I cut up a hotdog and put some chips and watermelon on her plate and set it down. "Do you want ketchup?" I asked her when I put down a juice box, "yes please." Mary said biting into a chunk of watermelon. We spent the rest of the day eating and drinking even though I had switched to tea knowing I would be the one driving home. By time night started to fall Dean and Sam started setting things up for the fireworks.
"Well the day's not over. Do you have your schedule?" Cas asked and looked it over when Amelia handed it to him, "well, looks like we have chemistry and english together." Cas smiled handing it back. "Awesome! So, who are you?" She asked looking at Charlie and Benny, "I'm Charlie, and that's Benny." Charlie said a little coldly. "Oh… Where's Gabe, he's a senior right?" she asked. "Yeah, uh not exactly sure where he is." Cas said. Dean's appetite went away so he got up and decided to work a little on yearbook in Bobby's room.
Charlie spoke a few words but they weren’t heard by Dean. He just continued to grip Cas’ hands. All he knew is suddenly Henry was at his side holding two boxes. “Here daddy.” Henry said and handed him the blue velvet box.
"I know this is hard, it's hard for me too, but you heard Tessa today, if Henry keeps improving the way his is, he'll be home in no time." Cas said moving closer, "I know… I just want him Cas, I wanna hold our baby." Dean said and let out a sob, "s'all my fault." he sniffled. "It is not your fault. Please don't blame yourself baby." Cas said and helped Dean out of the chair. "Come on, let's finish eating then we can come back down here for a nap." Cas suggested and Dean just nodded.
“Oh quit being such a pansy.” Dean huffed and picked up his cards, “you’re judge first since you’re being an ass.”
"Bout time you guys showed up!" Gabe scolded when he answered the door. "Sorry, that would be our fault." Amelia said. We followed Gabe to the living room where Charlie, Gilda, Balthazar, and Anna already were sitting. "Awesome, everyone's here, now let's get this party started!" Gabe yelled and made a bee line straight for the cupcakes. The night went gracefully, Gabe received many gifts and we all were having a good time. "So Gabe, have you thought of any names?" Anna asked, "actually I have. I thought of it today and I really like it." Gabe smiled, "well, what is it?" Dean asked "Alexander Ross." Gabe said and ran a hand over the bump. "I like it." I smiled causing Gabe to smile even more.
"Fuck. What have you been doing since then?" Dean asked, "um… Looking for a job and then when I found one, working." Cas said running his hands up and down Dean's thighs. "You got fired too?!" Dean asked grabbing Cas' hands, "yeah… But don't worry, I'm working at the vet clinic now… I give the animals baths and take them on walks." Cas smiled a little.
“Oh, yeah just come down to the station and I’ll switch you vehicles… And you know, I told you the suburban would come in handy.”
"Oh my god, Dean! He's not breathing!" I started crying and panicking, "Cas, I need you to calm down, okay. We need to focus on Lily." Dr. Maddison replied, "I can't! HE'S NOT BREATHING! I CANT!" I started shouting "Cas! Baby, I know you're scared right now. I am too, but you need to focus on Lily okay. Can you do that for me?" Dean said gripping my hand and pushed my hair back. I nodded and started pushing, "keep going, keep going Cas, you're doing good!" Dr. Maddison encouraged and a few pushes later there was a shrill cry filling the room.
“Dean! I can explain!” Cas said quickly. Dean felt like all of the air had been sucked out of him. He couldn’t believe his eyes, standing in the shower, hiding behind Cas was Amelia.
"You smell so fucking good." Cas groaned and rolled his hips slowly, "Cas baby, you gotta do something. Please." Dean begged and he slowly started kissing down Dean's neck, then sat them up so they could take their shirts off. Cas started kissing along Dean's scars, and for once, Dean didn't mind him seeing them. He knew that Cas didn't judge him and that he cared for him. Then it hit him like a truck, 'I love him.' Dean thought to himself. 'But I-I can't love him already. How is that possible?' he continued to think.
"Good idea." Dean growled and headed up the stairs. We laid there catching our breath, I was curled up on my side with my head on Dean's shoulder and my hand resting on his chest and Dean was tracing lazy patterns on my back. "I guess that rumors true." Dean chuckled, "what rumor?" "that make up sex is the best." I slapped his chest lightly but laughed. "I promised Mary if she was good today that I would take her out for ice cream, maybe we can go somewhere for supper and then to the ice cream shop." I said lifting my head up so I could look at him. "Sounds perfect." Dean mumbled as he started falling asleep.
Dean read the card and wiped a few tears away before he opened his present, inside were a bunch of Star Wars onesies, which made Dean laugh.
"Come on, I'm taking you to the hospital, the nurse picks today out of all day's to take the day off." Bobby grumps, "what were you doin' down here anyway?" "W-went to put my collage in your room." Dean slurred. "Alistair just jumped me outta no where." Dean said not even bothering to care that he just ratted him out. "I'll deal with him later then." Bobby said.
I better go, and pick up Mary. I told Missouri I wouldn't be gone too long. Do you need me to pick anything up for dinner or anything?" I asked putting my jacket back on. "I don't think so, I'll figure something out when I get home." Dean said and leaned forward for a kiss which turned pretty heated, when Dean started grabbing my ass is when I cut it off. "Alright, don't start what you can't finish." I said catching my breath, "oh, I plan on finishing it tonight." Dean said with a wink.
"Mother, I'm happy you're here to see him, but; why are you really here?" Cas asked and Naomi's smile disappeared. "I came to say goodbye. You're father doesn't like being here anymore. He says he doesn't want to be near his son's who have betrayed him." She started and Cas didn't know if he should be angry or upset.
"Well look what the cat dragged in!" Ellen yelled from behind the bar when she saw us come in. "Hey Ellen." Dean greeted and we made our way to a booth; Ellen came over shortly after, "hello miss Mary." Ellen said and Mary turned her head away and hid her face in Dean's shoulder, "sorry, she's a little cranky because I wouldn't let her bring Squirt. She wouldn't even let me buckle her in." I said taking her and Dean's coat and putting it on my side of the booth. "Aw, well what can you do? Now, Dean do you want a beer?" "Yes please." "Alright, Cas what can I get ya? Iced Tea's fine. Then just water for Mary with a straw please." I said
Mary was beautiful Cas thought, he knew that Dean must get his warm heart from her, "hello Cas, nice to meet you." She said, "hello, it's nice to meet you too. Dean has told me a lot about you." Cas smiled, "and you must be Sam." he continued and Sam seemed relieved that he didn't call him Sammy. "Yep, Dean hasn't shut up about you since school started." "Sammy! Shut up!" Dean yelled and Cas could see the blush rushing to his cheeks. Which made Cas fall harder for the boy, and they haven't even had a date yet. "So, uh we'll be in the living room…" Dean said slowly backing out of the kitchen grabbing Cas's arm in the process.
An hour later Mary and I were downstairs munching on milk and cookies when a sleepy Dean made his way into the kitchen. "Well look at sleeping beauty." I teased and Dean flipped me the bird. "How ya feeling?" I asked him while I put a few cookies and a glass of milk down. "Eh, arm hurts a little and my head, but I'll live." "Here, take this." I said and handed Dean on of his pain pills.
"No! NO NO NO! MAMA!" Mary wailed starting to cry and kicking her feet. "Jesus Mary, okay okay." I said and picked her back up and set her on my lap and she hid her face in my chest. "What was that about?" John asked "I think she feels left out because of all the attention Claire's getting, she's not used to another baby around." I said rubbing her back and glanced nervously at Dean. Dinner went quickly and some what difficult with Mary still refusing to sit in her high chair, once everyone was done eating and the table was cleared Gabe asked, "Cassie? Can I talk to you for a moment?" "Of course." I said putting Mary on Dean's lap and let out a relieved sigh when she didn't panic.
"I wanna show you how much I've missed you." I whispered in his ear and then bit it gently causing Dean's breath to hitch "Cas." Dean moaned and I led him to the bed tugging our shirts and pants off. "Cas, wait." Dean said and pushed me back a little. "What? What's wrong?" I asked "No-nothing, I just… I just wanted to see you, I don't obviously remember you being pregnant with Mary… I just want to see." Dean said softly and placed his hand on the side of the ever growing bump. "Dean." I whispered tears forming and I put my hand on top of his.
"Do you want to stay in here? I'll be in and out, I'm going to get you the one's I use, they haven't been wrong yet." I said and Gabe just nodded his head so I got out and ran into the store and bought two tests. I was back in the car in less than 5 minutes "do you want to go to your apartment or do you want to come back to my place?" I asked setting the bag in the back seat, "can we go back to your place?" He whispered; we got back and Dean was in the living room watching Dr. Sexy while Mary played in her little corner with her dolls. "Hey, where'd you go?" Dean asked when he saw Gabe and I walk in, "go upstairs to my room, I'll be up in a second." I told Gabe and he nodded. "Cas? What's going on?" Dean asked sitting up so I sat next to him. "I'm going to tell you something and you have to promise me you will not tease him for this or say anything that you wouldn't want to say to me. Got it?" I said firmly "okay? I promise."
AND THAT'S A WRAP! True Mates is officially finished after 5 long years. Thank you everyone who has stuck with me from the beginning and has been patient with me. I hope you've enjoyed this story and I'll be starting on the sequel soon! Love you! <3
"She's going to be okay! Dean I don't know what I would have done if we lost her." I said crying again, Dean rubbed my back when we heard John's voice "boys?!" We broke apart and John saw our tears, "shit. I-is she?" John couldn't finish "no, no, she's okay. She's going to be okay." I said not letting go of Dean's waist. "Oh thank god." John said wiping away the few tears that spilled; Gabe, Charlie, and Gilda arrived shortly after and we told them all what the doctor said. "Dean? Castiel?" A small nurse came up, "yes?" "You may go see your daughter now, she's asleep but you can go in." The nurse said, "okay, what about the rest of the family?" I asked, "I would advise just you two for now, I'm sorry." The nurse said and walked away.
WOW. Okay I know it's been a LONG LONG time and I am SO sorry. But FINALLY HERE'S A NEW CHAPTER!!! Let me know what ya'll think!
“Oh Cas.” Charlie whispered and moved from the chair and pulled him in for a hug. She held on to him until there was a knock on the door. “That’s the food. I’ll be right back.” Charlie said and let Cas go.
Dean started sorting through the clothes and when he started throwing shirts and underwear in the washer he came across the shirt he wore on prom night. They day may have been shitty but seeing the shirt brought a small smile to his face. He threw it in the washer and started thinking about that night, he thought about the dinner and the slow dancing and he grinned even bigger when he thought about the sex. He remembered how good it felt to be stretched open again and to be filled, he half expected Cas' knot to hurt but it didn't. That's when it hit him. Cas' knot, they didn't use a condom. "FUCK!" Dean yelled and hurriedly threw everything else into the washer and rand downstairs.
“You don’t have to cut Benny out of your life Dean. Henry will warm up to him eventually but we could just meet Benny alone with out Henry.”
“I’m sorry sweetie.” Ellen chuckled, “It’s 8:30. I won’t keep you long, I just wanted to see if Bobby and I could bring dinner over to you guys tonight? I know Mary said she had the night off so her and Sam would be joining as well.”
Dean let out a bark of laughter and gave Cas one more kiss. “Don’t take too long… Unless you want help?”
Some time between Cas and Mary's brief talk, Dean managed to pass out with his head on the table. "I think the day has caught up to him…" Cas mumbled and Mary just let out a watery chuckle. "I'm going to take him upstairs and grab my things from the car… Are you going to be okay?" Cas asked, "I'll be fine, just make yourself at home. I'll get you a phone monday and put you on our plan and make a copy of the house key." Mary smiled, "you don't need to put me on your plan, I-I can get my own plan." Cas started but Mary held up her hand to cut him off, "don't want to hear it, you're my son now, so you have to listen to me." She smiled more. "Thank you. For everything." Cas said tears filling his eyes, "no need, now take him upstairs before he get's a stiff neck." Mary chuckled and gestured towards her sleeping son.
"Ugh, I'm fucking huge!" I groaned when Dean had to help me out of the Impala. We had to sit at a table instead of our usual booth since I can't fit behind it, "hi boys, what can I get ya?" Ellen asked, "my usual with a coke please." Dean said "okay what about you Cas?" "Um, water and the chicken sandwich." I replied. Ellen came back a minute later with our drinks, "how you feeling Cas?" Ellen asked sitting down next to Dean, "m'fine. Just tired and my feet and back hurt." I said "yeah? How'd the appointment go?"
She smirked and put her phone back in her pocket and walked to class. Outside Dean was already fighting his emotions, 'how
Bobby came back still frowning and clapped Dean on the shoulder before sitting down. "Alright, back to business." he started, "Christmas break is coming up, so I expect you to have your required pages done." Bobby said pulling out the printed pages out of his folder.
So here's the new chapter, I'm so sorry it took so long to post it, life is crazy right now. It seems like all I do anymore is go to school, go to work, come home, eat then go to bed! :/ That being said, I'm not sure when the next chapter will be up, so please be patient with me and I hope you don't loose interest in the story. I can tell you that there is going to be a little bit of a time jump, only like a week or two and Dean will be waking up.
"I understand, I promise I wont bring it up again unless you want to talk about it." Cas said and kissed Dean's temple. "Thank you. Oh and you owe me a lot more then a blow job now." Dean smirked, "I think that an be arranged." Cas winked and sat down with his food. They finished their food and quickly washed everything and made sure the plates were in the dishwasher before heading back upstairs. For the first time, they made love, it was slow and sweet filled with kisses and 'I love you's.'
They got the painting arranged and they headed back to the school. "It's weird coming here on a Saturday…" Dean said pulling into a parking space, Cas agreed and helped Dean carry things inside. They found Ms. Barnes right away and she showed them where to hang Dean's paintings, Ms. Holt already has your sketch up, I gotta say. You're very talented Dean. I know Mrs. Rosen will be happy with your set designs." Ms. Barnes said before walking off.
"Cas?! Why the fuck is your alarm going of at… 3:30!? What the hell!?" Dean growled as I slid out of bed, "Hush, or you'll wake Mary. I need to be at the bakery by 5 and I still need to shower and I like wake up a little before I go anywhere." I whispered, "bakery? What bakery?" "You-you don't remember the bakery? Uh you and your family plus Gabe chipped in the money and bought me a bakery for my birthday. It's really popular now…" I said walking over to Dean's side of the bed. "Oh, well then I'm awesome if I bought you a bakery… So who's gonna watch Mary then?" I just stared at him and tilted my head a little, "Dean, you can watch Mary." I said gently.
"Oh, honey, I've already been in his pants. Why don't you think he came home last night?" Lisa said with a smirk and I was frozen. Did she just admit that her and Dean hooked up last night, oh god. Dean decided to appear right at that moment, "Cas? What are you doing here, where's Mary?" "She's with Gabriel. Dean, can I talk to you for a moment?" I said trying to keep my voice even. I dragged Dean out side and shoved him against the Impala, "you worthless piece of shit!" I screamed, "whoa, Cas what are you talking about?!" Dean asked, "Lisa! Did you sleep with her?!" I asked tears forming in my eyes, "what? No! I wouldn't do that to you Cas, I told you I crashed at my dad's last night. Ask him if you don't believe me." Dean said becoming defensive.
"Dean, when was your last contraction?" Ellen asked once she got everything cleaned up, "uh, about 5 minutes ago." he said softly, Ellen turned around and saw Dean's expression. "Ellen, I'm scared." he said tears filling his eyes, "oh honey, I know. But it's going to be okay. You just get to meet your pup a lot sooner, that's all." she smiled. Jo came back upstairs with the bags and new clothes for Dean, "here." she said slightly breathless, handing Dean the pants. "Thanks." Dean said and slowly got up to change in the bathroom, he got changed and slowly made his way to the door, "I've got Lucy chained up, you ready to go?" Jo asked holding her arm out. "Mom's already in the car." she said and then helped Dean outside and into the back of Ellen's jeep.
Gabe and Charlie watched Cas slowly make his way up the stairs. “Poor guy…” Gabe said softly and Charlie just hummed in agreement.
"Alright Cas, everything looks good. You are free to leave." Dr. Hansen said. "Thank you doctor." I said and slid off the bed. "Ready to go Cassie?" Gabe asked handing me my coat, "no, I'm going to go see Dean, I haven't seen him since I've been here." I said pushing the elevator button to go up to the floor for coma patients. "oh, okay… well I'm going to go the bakery down the street. Call me when you're ready to go home." I just grunted in response and stepped out of the elevator. I stopped in front of Dean's door, mentally preparing myself for what I might see. I took a deep breath ran my hand over the small bump and pushed the door open.
"You told Charlie and Benny to bring their lunch today right?" Dean asked pulling out a bag out of Henry's diaper bag, "yes, they will be here." Cas said not bothering to look away from Henry. Dean put a sandwich chips and a bottle of water in front of Cas while he put things out for himself when Charlie and Benny walked in. "Alright! Hand him over!" She said throwing her bag on the floor and a brown bag on the table, she reached down and took Henry from Cas and sat down. "How is it you get cuter and cuter everyday?" She asked in a baby voice earning a small smile from Henry, "ugh, you're gonna be a heartbreaker when you're older."
Cas shoved his phone back in his pocket and pushed his tray away, too nervous to eat. "What was that about?" Charlie asked snagging his fries, "Uh, Dean… Something's wrong and Mary is going to get me after work and…." Cas just trailed off. "Cassie? What's wrong your pale." Gabe said once he sat down and he heard Benny give the brief explanation of what was going on. The rest of Castiel's went by in a blur, he knew he would have to ask his friends for notes in all his classes. He tried concentrating but his mind kept going over a thousand different scenarios in his head.
I heard Dean running through the house and up the steps and he was greeted by me naked on the bed slowly stroking myself. Dean growled and yanked off his clothes and practically jumped on the bed; "you smell so good when you're in heat. So sweet, sweeter than usual." Dean said kissing my neck causing me to moan. "You talk to much." I said moving to kiss him then pushed him off to get on my hands and knees.
"Gabe, we are roughly the same size right now, trust me, you're going to get much bigger, you should be lucky. I have two babies, which mean's I'm going to be at least two time bigger than I was with Mary." I said "And besides, you're only 4 months along, you're not that big." We were quiet after that and around 12 Dean had sent me a picture of a very happy Mary sitting on Santa's lap, so in return I sneakily took a picture of Gabriel stuffing his face with popcorn and sent it to Dean reading,
They sat there staring at each other to Dean what seemed like forever. "Okay, I'll start. Typical first question, how are you?" Dr. Hansen asked and Dean just shrugged, "fine." Dean heard the therapist sigh. "Dean, I know you're here only on your mother's wishes, but I really think it'll be beneficial if you talk. You most likely will feel better once you leave, and if you don't, then that's my fault." Dr. Hansen said and noticed Dean snapping the band on his wrist. "You feel like cutting don't you?" He said and Dean stiffened and stopped snapping the band, then finally looked at the man with tears in his eyes.
"Okay, do you know what you want, Dean I already know you want your special. Cas what about you honey?" Ellen asked "Um, bacon cheese burger then loaded fries, but instead of fries can they be onion rings?" I asked "Dude, that's disgusting." Dean said making a face, "shut up, you know I get weird cravings." I glared "of course you can Cas, now Mary do you want chicken nuggets?" Ellen asked and Mary nodded her head.
I said and to prove my point one of them gave a good kick against Mary's hand which had been lazily resting on top of my stomach. "It's weird. Mary was never that active." Dean said stifling a yawn, "yeah but now there's two and they're probably fighting over room." I said, "true, well I'm going to go take a shower." Dean got up kissed my forehead and went back up the stairs. "Mama?" Mary asked sitting up, "hmmm?" "I hungry." She said in a soft voice. "Okay, come on. What do you want?" I asked once I got her strapped in her high chair. "Pancakes!" "Okay, do you want an apple while they cook?" I asked knowing that it'll take a while to make the pancakes. "Yes please."
"You look good Cas." Sam said "yeah, look good but feel like shit." I chuckled "oh, honey. What's wrong?" Ellen asked coming over feeling my forehead, 'mom mode' activated; "nothing, just some morning sickness." I said but leaned into the touch. "Do you have Ginger Ale?" She continued to ask, "I don't know. Dean did you pick up more Ginger Ale?" I asked "yeah, it's in the fridge. I'll get you a glass." Dean brought me over a small glass and I drank it all and my stomach began to settle. "Thank you." I smiled and handed him the cup back but only to grab Dean's arm again to keep my balance; "Cas? You okay?" Dean asked looking worried, "'mfine. I slurred a little. Just a little dizzy." I said and Dean handed the glass to Ellen and wrapped his arm around me.
"Okay, I'm going to drop Sam off at Bobby and Ellen's, then I'm going to go to work. Call me if you need me for something but if it's an emergency call Bobby or Ellen." Mary said standing in front of the door. "Got it mom. Love you." Dean said giving her a hug and a kiss on the cheek. "Yes, thank you." Cas added also giving her a quick hug. "Okay, see you monday love you both." Mary said and left.
It was now the night before the Homecoming dance and Mary was checking in with the boys. "Alright, I want to know the plan for tomorrow and saturday since I will be working both days. Sam will be staying with Bobby and Ellen." Mary started, "well. The dance starts at 8, and we don't really want to go to the football game, so us along with Charlie and Benny and their dates are gonna go to the Roadhouse and eat before. Then I think Charlie's girlfriend is going to have a small party after the dance at her house and I think we're going to crash there." Dean explained.
"You nervous?" Dean asked Cas while fixing his costume, "a little…" Cas admitted. "Don't be, you'll kill it." Dean winked and gave him a quick kiss before waddling to the sound booth so he could control backdrops and say his lines through the microphone back there.
‘Not sure. Still studying, probably won’t be until late… Leave a note on the door if it’s not safe to enter ;)’ was Charlie’s response and Dean just rolled his eyes.
Hey guys, it’s not a chapter and I am SO SORRY! So much has been going on in my life lately and I just haven’t found the time to sit down and write. I really appreciate all of your comments and your patience! I’m hoping to sit down sometime this weekend and get a new chapter out for you guys. Please continue to be patient with me and I will try to get you all a new chapter. XOXO 💜
Dean fixed his glasses and he could hear the small gasp come from Cas and he instantly wanted to put his shirt back on and hide, and cut some more. "It's okay Dean, it'll be okay." Mary soothed and gently felt down Dean's ribs and he flinched away with a small cry. "I'm sorry sweetie… I think you may have broken one. I'll wrap you up and then take you in with me in the morning." Mary said softly and began wrapping gauze and tape around him. All this time Cas had just been staring at Dean's scars, 'how long has he been doing this? Is he still doing this? I need to help him stop if he is.' Cas thought to himself.
"I can't believe I get to bring him home today Cas!" Gabe said pulling into the parking lot of the hospital. "I know, it'll be exciting. And the offer still stands if you want to stay with us for a few weeks just to have some help." I said "I know, but I think I'll be able to handle it, if I need a break I can always swing by and besides, I think Anna is going to stay with me a few days." Gabe replied.
Dean got to photography before Cas so he sat down and started looking over yearbook pages, he smelt him before he sat down. "Hey." Cas said softly with a small smile, "hey yourself." Dean grinned. Bobby stopped in front of their table before heading to his desk, "so did you find out?" he asked. "Find out what?" Dean asked setting the papers down, "you know what, the pup, did you find out what it is?" he asked again.
"Alright present time!" Jo announced half an hour later when the dishes were done, "fine, since you announced it you get to hand them out." Bobby grinned and Jo just rolled her eyes. Everyone had a decent pile in front of them. "Alright Cas, the way it goes is that the youngest opens 1 present then the next youngest and so on and so on until presents are gone. Got it?" Dean asked and Cas nodded. "Alright Sammy have at it." Dean grinned when he picked up the one from him first. "Awesome the first two seasons of 'Game of Thrones'! Thanks Dean!" Sam grinned, "you're welcome." Dean chuckled and opened a present from his mom and got some more paint, brushes, a new sketch pad and some more pencils. "Thanks mom." he smiled.
"I need to tell Cas." Dean started, "but, I uh, I texted him last night and he just said that it was my heat talking and he would talk to me this weekend." he continued. "That's okay, I'll text him and I'll pick him up after swim practice and bring him over." Mary said, "I get off at 4 anyway, what time does he get done with practice?" she asked, "uh, I think this is the week they have morning practices." Dean said, "alright, I'll call him during lunch, now go home and eat something healthy, and get some rest. I'm not saying you have to sleep but it's been an eventful morning, just relax and watch some tv or paint okay?" Mary said and Dean agreed and gave her a quick hug and a kiss on the cheek. "Thank you mom, you're the best. I love you." He said smiling a little and Mary felt all warm, "love you too." she smiled and watched Dean walk out the room.
“Oh Dean. I knew it would come. You deserve this and I am so happy its with your true mate. Those are hard to come by.” She quickly wiped away the few tears that escaped Dean’s eyes.
"Close the baby gate once you get pass it." I said and walked towards Mary's room, once I got her tucked in I turned around and took Dean's hand, "come on." I said and dragged him to our room. "What are you-mff" I cut Dean off with a kiss, fisting my hands in his short hair. "Fuck. I've missed you so much." I said catching my breath.
"Okay honey, have a good night." Mary smiled, "thanks mom, love you." Dean said and bent down to give her a hug and kiss her cheek. Cas bent over the bassinet and kissed Henry's forehead, "night buddy. I love you." he whispered and followed Dean back downstairs.
Dean and Cas were both crying and clinging to each other, "you did it! I'm so proud of you! I love you so much baby." Cas whispered and kissed him. "He was so small Cas… What, what if something's wrong with him?" Dean sobbed, "he's going to be fine." Cas said for Dean and himself.
"Oh god, Dean I'm sorry. I-I forgot." Cas said immediately letting go, "it's alright Cas… Just be careful." Dean said and dove back in, this time fisting his hands in his hair and Cas gently placed his hands on Dean's sides only to slide them down to grab onto his hips. Both boys completely in to it until they heard Mary call out from the kitchen, "Dean honey?" Dean quickly pulled himself off Cas and ended up laying on the couch with his feet propped up on Cas's lap, also fighting back a string of curses when the movement hurt his bruised ribs.
"Gabriel might be pregnant." I said quietly "what!? how?" Dean looked surprised, "long story, but I'll tell you tonight." I said and ran up the stairs to find Gabe pacing again in the bedroom. I pointed towards the bathroom and followed him in, "okay. This is the test I always use, it's kind of gross but it's got the best results. You have to pee in the cup and then dip one of these strips in and wait 3-5 minutes." I said pulling everything out and set the extra one by Dean's side of the sink. "Why did you buy two?" I heard Gabe ask from behind me, "my heat is in two days, might as well get one while I'm there." I said turning around and left to give him some privacy. 5 minutes later I heard a quiet "Cas?" come from the bathroom so I opened the door to find Gabe sitting against the tub with his knees tucked under his chin. "You look, I can't." Gabe whispered so I walked over to the sink where Gabe had 4 pink strips sitting there.
"Alright heart beat sounds good, aaannndd there we are. You want to know the gender right?" She asked and Dean and Cas just nodded, "congrats, it's a boy!" Tessa smiled and printed off a copy. "A boy… A little boy Cas!" Dean whispered and flinched a little when Mary started wiping off his stomach. "A little boy!" Cas giggled and leaned forward to press their mouths together real quick.
They ate in comfortable silence, occasionally talking about things happening at the school and with Henry. When they were done eating and the bill was paid, Dean pulled out his phone and sent a quick text to Sam;
"Oh god, I'm sorry! I didn't know it was that bad!" Charlie said feeling bad, "way to go red." Benny said once he made his way over"Hi Mary!" Charlie said and gave her a hug. "Hi guys how was your summer?" Mary asked and they both took turns sharing. "You still went out with Cas last night didn't you?" Charlie asked, "uh no… He came over and we had pizza and watched Star Wars." Dean said. "I don't want to rush you guys, so Charlie, Benny why don't you come over and you can talk then." Mary suggested.
The next morning after Cas left for work Charlie called. “Hey Charlie.” Dean answered, tucking the phone between his shoulder and ear so he could finish throwing laundry in the washer.
“Oh sweetie, I wish I could tell you they go away but they don’t. I still get mine and it’s been 3 years since I was kidnapped. It does get better and the nightmares become less frequent but unfortunately they’ll be with you for the rest of your life.” Dean explained.
"Yeah, how's that goin' by the way?" Benny asked, "what getting up in the middle of the night?" Cas asked and Benny nodded. "Well, Dean being Dean insists that I go back to sleep since I have to go to school in the morning, so he gets up most of the time but there are a few times that I get him to stay in bed. But you get used to it." Cas shrugged.
"What's wrong, why are you so upset?" Cas asked moving closer to Dean but stopped when he held his hand out, "don't. Don't fucking come near me you bastard" Dean said, new tears falling down his face. "What are you talking about?!" Cas asked getting mad. "WHAT DO YOU THINK I'M TALKING ABOUT CAS?! FUCKING AMELIA!" Dean yelled, "What bout her?" Cas asked, "DON'T PLAY STUPID! I SAW YOU! I SAW YOU BACKSTAGE WITH HER!" Dean continued to yell.
"Cas? What's wrong?" Dean asked kneeling beside me, "ugh, they must not have liked the casserole. It happens now and then if I eat something and the twins don't really like it, they let me know." I said and got up to brush my teeth. "Can I do anything?" Dean asked reaching for his own toothbrush, "no, I'm just going to make some tea and then go to bed, it's all I can do for now." I said and took the toothpaste out of Dean's hand when I saw he was struggling with it and put some on his brush.
As soon as the final bell rang Cas sent a quick text to Gabe saying he was riding with Benny to Dean's and didn't know when he'd be home. He found Benny's truck in the parking lot and crawled into the back since Charlie already claimed the passenger seat. When Benny pulled up to the front of the house Charlie jumped out of the truck before he could get to a complete stop. "Charlie! Wait! I don't think barging in is such a- good idea…" Cas shouted running after her shaking his head when she didn't listen as he got closer he heard Dean yelp. "Charlie?! The hell are you doing?!" He shouted and Cas ran into the living room where Charlie had both hands on Dean's stomach and him trying to pry her hands off.
"Dude. I was drunk and we had a fight, I wasn't really thinking straight." Dean said. "What ever. Have a nice day at work." I said and left the kitchen.
“Come on.” Dean grinned and took her hand and led her back up the stairs and into one of the empty bedrooms. “Go in the closet, open that little door on the far wall.”
"What's your problem? Dad didn't scream at you and call you names." Dean said getting angry, "yeah, still if he did I wouldn't be moping around like you. But I guess I'm not an Omega, thank god." That last comment made Dean slam on his breaks, "get out." he said slightly breathless. "What? Dean there's still like a block and a half to my school." Sam argued, "I don't care! GET OUT!" Dean yelled, "ugh, you're the worst!" Sam yelled back and slammed the door and started walking.
"Mary? Is that you? Oh my goodness you've gotten so big!" Sam said dropping to his knees so Mary wouldn't be intimidated by his size. "Can I have a hug?" Sam asked holding out his arms and Mary slowly walked towards him and gave him a hug. "Happy birthday sweetheart." Sam said kissing the top of her head. "Thank you" Mary replied and walked over to Jess "hi… Your hair looks like mine." Mary said still talking quiet. "Yes, we do have similar hair, it's both blonde and curly. Hi sweetie, remember me?" Jess asked crouching down and Mary nodded her head yes.
He eyed Bobby as he made his way to the table, "Bobby? Is everything okay?" Cas asked nervously, his head shot up not realizing that his class was slowly spilling in… "Oh uh… Stay after class, Cas… I-I have something to tell you." Bobby said and took a long drink out of his water bottle before starting class. "Alright settle down, now, I got some personal family things goin' on right now, so I'm pushing your deadline of the family collage back to wednesday, for those who already finished kudos to you, maybe add a little more to it? And for those who haven't finished, well get too it."
"Damn it. I miss all the good stuff." Dean whined and then his phone rang, he quickly dried off his hands and answered, "hey mom, what's up?" he answered and leaned against the counter.
Dean pulled his mate into the bathroom and checked to see if anyone was in there before turning back around. "Okay, what did you want to show me?" Cas asked, Dean lifted up his shirt and tugged his jeans down just a bit and turned to the side, "look! I'm starting to show!" He smiled and Cas' heart fluttered a little seeing the tiny bump. Before Dean could look up he was in Cas' arms, "that's amazing." he whispered and Dean just laughed, "yeah, I noticed it this morning after I showered.
Missouri wasn't lying when she said there were groceries in the kitchen; there was fruit piled up in a bowl on the island with the fridge and freezer both full of food and a few things in the cupboard. The heat died down for now so I made myself a sandwich grabbed some chips and a beer and went to watch some tv. I must have fallen asleep because I woke up to someone opening the front door, still being completely naked I froze until the scent hit me, Dean was home. I bolted off the couch and literally jumped on Dean instantly attacking his mouth with mine.
"He's so small." Benny said stoking Henry's cheek with his finger, "yeah. And he's deaf in his left ear." Dean said and Charlie and Benny snapped their heads up, "aww poor thing." she cooed and gently rocked him. They left half an hour later due to Mary shooing them away, "alright, I'm going to go home and sleep. Cas, I brought you some more comfortable clothes to sleep in, and a nurse should be in here soon to bring you a small bassinet for Henry." Mary explained handing Cas a small bag.
In the envelope was a notice for a room reservation in uptown Lawrence at a fancy hotel for 4 nights. "Thank you John, this is great." I said "don't mention it. I'll take Mary for those nights while you're gone." He said. "And speaking of the pups, got any names yet?" Dean and I looked at each other and smiled, "we do, but we'll tell you but we aren't going to tell anyone else till they're born." I said, "awesome, your secret's safe with me." John said "the boy will be Henry Michael, and the girl will be Lilly Marie." Dean said "I like them both. Now, I understand Henry Michael, but where did you come up with Lily?" John asked, "well, Charlie being Charlie said we should name her Charlie Marie after her, and Dean thought of the name Lily, so we figured we'd make Charlie happy and give her, her middle name." I explained. "Oh, well I think she'll be pleasantly surprised." John said.
By time they got to the Roadhouse, almost all of Dean's family was there. "Oh there they are!" Jo yelled running over to the table Dean and Cas claimed. "Hey Jo." Dean said tiredly, "hi. Happy Birthday, now tell me!" Jo said. "Thanks, but no, wait like 10 more minutes." Dean sighed. "Jo leave the boy alone." Ellen scolded and set a tray of cokes on the table for Dean, Cas, Charlie, Benny and Sam.
"Dean, you're warm." Mary said and try to advance on him again when she smelt apples. It had died down majorly in the past hour but since he hasn't showered the scent had lingered on Dean. "Really Dean." Mary huffed and he turned an even darker shade of red, "c-can you watch him for a little bit while I take a shower?" Dean said not making eye contact with Mary.
"Why?" Charlie gasped, Benny looked up with sad eyes and scanned his friends, but lingered on Dean's. "I'm so sorry brother." he said softly and a damn broke inside of Dean. The tears poured out, "you're leaving because of me. Of course." Dean chuckled bitterly, "I didn't want to, I swear. I begged my parents to stay or to even let me get an apartment on my own so I can finish school but they're set, th-that's why I haven't been over as much. I'm sorry." Benny said and Dean heaved himself off the couch and slammed the bathroom door.
I got Mary dried off and put her in some pjs and put her in the middle of our bed. When I came downstairs Dean and John were talking, "hey Cas, dad was telling me that there's a guy in Iowa that want's dad to come up to get his old mustang to restore and he want's me to go with him." Dean said "okay, that's fine. When do you leave?" I asked sitting down on the couch. "Uh, tomorrow." Dean said looking at me, "oh, okay. Charlie said she'd open tomorrow anyway so I'll be here with Mary." I said giving him a small smile. "Okay, well I'll let you two work it out, I'm gonna head home." John said standing.
"His hormones are starting to get worse…" Mary whispered, "not saying that's an excuse for this, I'll go talk to him." she said making her way to the bedroom. She knocked and walked in, "Dean we-." She said but stopped when she saw him hunched over the bed clutching the sheets. "Dean, what's wrong?!" she asked walking over to hime, "hurts…" Dean whimpered, "what hurts?" Mary asked but Dean didn't answer, "Dean honey you need to tell me what hurts." Mary said, "my back a-and my stomach." Dean whispered, "on a scale of 1-10." Mary said helping him straighten up so he could sit on the bed, "6." Dean said and winced a little. "Okay honey, did you feel anything pop or is there any wetness between your legs?" she asked going into nurse mode. Dean just shook his head and rubbed the side of his stomach, "okay I'm going to press down on your stomach, I want you to tell me if you have any pain where I press." Mary said, "lay down for me." she continued and once Dean was on his back that's when Cas decided to walk in.
“I will, goodnight.” Dean said softly and kissed her cheek before getting out of bed and leaving the room.
"Hey, that makes you special Cas." Dean said wrapping his arm around my waist and kissed the top of my head. "Okay, this one has the best results." I said picking up a box, we bout the test and went home. Dean unlocked the front door and dragged me in and slammed me against the door, his tongue wrestling with mine. He griped the back of my thighs so I jumped up and locked my legs around his waist.
Cas was really getting worried about his mate. He had never seen Dean this closed off before, he really only showed emotion when it came to Henry. Cas had to drag Dean out of bed to shower and beg him to eat.
Henry's whimpers got stronger until he let out a full out wail causing Cas to shoot up, "what's wrong?" he asked looking round. "Shhh, Henry it's okay…" Dean said rubbing his little back, "Dean, he might be hungry…" Cas mentioned and Dean nodded lowering Henry to his arms and Cas helped him with the hospital gown. He held Henry to a nipple but the pup just cried and wouldn't latch, "Cas…" Dean said becoming emotional himself.
people he has ever met. Wait a second, why was he moving towards Dean? Dean's heart was racing, why was he getting closer?! Mrs. Collins told him to take the empty seat in the back. The only empty seat left in the room was right next to him.
“I don’t know we haven’t heard anything.” Dean said while taking his food out of the microwave. “I’m surprised you didn’t ask Cas about it, he’d know before the school would.”
He waved at a few nurses as he got closer to Henry and he felt his heart flutter a little when he saw his pup sleeping. He had his little hand in his mouth and he was sucking on it, Dean chuckled a little and carefully picked him up. Henry made little snuffling noises as Dean moved them into a chair; he smelt his father and Henry blinked open his eyes. "Hi baby." Dean whispered and smiled, "how's my boy doing today?" he asked and chuckled when Henry grunted, as if he was answering his daddy.
The room was filled with a comfortable silence for a little bit when John spoke again, "how's Mary taking it?" "Uh, I really don't know. She's curious, but she hasn't showed any signs of her feeling left out or anything like that." I said drinking more tea. "She uh, she actually asked how the baby got in my tummy the other day. She thought I ate it." I chuckled causing John to bust out laughing. "Oh the curious stage, I remember when Dean asked that. How did you tell her?" "Well Dean said that I had to take special medicine and that when he kissed me, if it was full of enough love, a baby would grow." I said running my fingers over the bump.
"Boy, get off your lazy ass and get it yourself, I ain't your servant." Bobby huffed and went back to the computer. "Alright, calm down and don't have a heart attack." Dean said getting up to retrieve the sheet. Cas was completely confused, Dean was talking back to a teacher and the teacher was cussing at him, 'what kind of school did I come to?' Cas thought to himself.
Henry was in a post swim/lunch coma on the couch when Dean and Charlie finished cleaning up the kitchen. “I’m going to move him upstairs then we can talk okay?” Dean said softly, Charlie just nodded.
Cas followed the scent of pissed off Omega to Bobby's room, he could hear Dean yelling before he even got to the door. "Dean calm down!" Cas yelled over him grabbing his face. "Breath, calm down okay." Cas said softer this time. Dean's breathing evened out and both Cas and Bobby could smell that he was calming down, "better?" Cas asked, "no. but I'll live." Dean huffed. "Well, now that, that's over get back to class ya idjits." Bobby said but tossed Dean some peanut M&M's knowing that was another way of calming him down.
Castiel was standing there listening to Coach Rufus explain the rules of 'his pool' and the consequences if we're late or get in any trouble, if it's through the school or the law when he caught a new scent, scent blocker and a hint of old spice and leather. He glanced around and saw Dean come in with the camera. He watched as Dean sit on the nearest bleacher and waited to get some good pictures.
"Dean, behave. There are people downstairs and there will be more people here in half an hour." I said but twisted around and kissed him. "Now, strip, get in the tub and be a good boy." "Kinda hard to do… Getting dressed this morning was a bitch, hence the sweatpants." Dean smirked, I rolled my eyes and tugged off his shirt and then just to be a tease, I slowly tugged down his pants kneeling down as they sunk lower to the floor. I looked up at Dean, winked then quickly yanked off his boxers earning a gasp in surprise, "Jesus Christ Cas." Dean grunted and quickly climbed into the tub, smirking at myself, I turned around and dunked the cup we use for Mary's hair into the water to start washing Dean's hair.
Back at the school Cas started looking for Dean after the ordeal with Amelia. He saw Gabe in the parking lot so he ran over, "Gabe!" he shouted, "hey Cassie what's up?" he asked pulling his keys out of his pocket, "I need a ride home…" Cas said once he realized that Dean left him, "ha did Dean leave you here?" Gabe chuckled. "Shut up and just give me a ride." Cas grouched.
"John, ENOUGH!" Dean yelled and actually shut the older man up, "one thing you should know by know is that babies need their sleep. So shut the fuck UP!" Dean yelled and pushed him out of the nursery. Fed up with John's antics Dean went off, "Yes, I should still be pregnant, but I had him early, yes he's deaf in one ear but I could care less because he is
"Oh for fucks sake!" Dean groaned when they walked into the theater for practice. "Dean!" Cas gasped, "why is she fucking here?!" he hissed pointing at Amelia who was talking to Mrs. Rosen. "I don't know…. There aren't anymore parts in the play to fill.." Cas said grabbing Dean's hand so they could go on the stage. The backdrop and all of the props were almost done, Dean just needed to touch up a few things before things were ready to go next month.
“Okay, I know Henry is needing some new pants and shoes.” Dean said and fished the impala keys out of his pocket.
Cas closed the door and Dean sunk down unable to breath. “Dean? Dean hey, it’s alright.” Charlie said sinking down with him.
“Do you want to talk about what’s going on?” Dean asked and Charlie just sighed and eventually nodded. Dean walked around the bed and slid in next to his best friend.
After dinner, Dean and Cas were washing and putting away dishes when Cas brought up the fight. "So, Charlie slapped Amelia today." he started and Dean dropped the bowl he was cleaning back in the sink, "she what?! Why?! And why did I have to miss it damn it?!" he huffed, "they were at each other's throats and Amelia called her ugly and that's when Charlie lost it, Benny and I had to literally pull them apart. In fact, Benny carried Amelia outside." Cas chuckled.
"Thanks Mary." Charlie smiled, "no problem sweetie, I'm going to bed, don't make too much noise, oh and Lucy is in my room so don't worry about her. Night love you all." Mary said and as she left there was a chorus of love you's and nights making her smile a little. Once the door was closed Charlie tucked her shirt off, "woah! What are you doing?!" Benny and Dean shouted at the same time and covered their eyes. "What's it look like I'm doing? I'm putting pajamas on." Charlie said, "really?! Benny, like you've never seen a girl naked. And Dean, we are all best friends here, I know you guys wont jump me." she continued, "yeah Charlie, but it's weird…" Dean said grabbing an AC/DC shirt out of his drawer and when he turned around he blushed and closed his eyes.
When we finally broke apart our foreheads were pressed together and we were both breathing heavily, "Cas… Why are you naked?" Dean asked once he realized he was indeed holding a very naked Cas, "because, my clothes would be ruined if I wore them and besides, now all I have to do is get you naked." I said and started kissing him again and started pulling off his unbuttoned flannel. "Cas, maybe we should head upstairs." Dean said once I got both his shirts off. "No. too far. Besides, I remember you saying that we were going to have sex in every single room in this house and so far we've only done it in our bathroom, our room, the living room, and the bedroom down here. And right now, we are closer to the dinning room."
"OH MY GOD!" Charlie squealed "I wan't details!" "Charlie, there aren't really any details." Dean groaned. "Alright, we'll let it go. But I want details next time." She grinned, "you guys are horrible." Dean said hiding his face and jumped slightly when he felt his phone buzz in his pocket. He checked the caller ID and found out that Cas was calling him. "Is that him?!" Charlie yelled, "yes Charlie now hush!" Dean said and answered.
"Castiel, you are 17 years old. You are too young to be a parent, and your mother and I will not tolerate it." Bartholomew stated. "Either you terminate the pregnancy or you leave." he stated. "Y-You're kicking me out?!" Cas shouted and Dean started hyperventilating. "C-Cas…" he started, "you can't kick me out! I'm your son!" He started, "no son of mine would get some Omega whore knocked up." Bartholomew growled, "get. out. You have an hour to pack your things. I don't care where you go or what you do from now on. You will be cut off from all ties with this family. Hand over your phone and the house keys on your way out." He said and stormed out. "M-mother?" Cas looked over and Naomi was silent and had a straight face, "your father is right Castiel. I'm sorry." She said and also walked out of the kitchen.
Dean crawled up to his bed and hid under the covers eventually falling asleep only to be woken up an hour later. "Dean, honey." He heard Mary's soft voice calling him, Dean rolled over fixing his glasses and just looked at his mother. "Sam told me what was going on, can I see your arm?" She asked still talking quietly and Dean just held his arm out. "Good, it stopped bleeding and it's not deep enough for stitches. Dean baby look at me." Mary said and he could hear the sadness in her voice. He looked up at her and saw the tears in her eyes.
"Let me go you dick." Dean wheezed trying to push him off, "you shouldn't have said that." Alistair growled and punched Dean in the face and then shoved him to the ground. Dean could feel his eye swelling and the blood drip out of his nose. "Stop!" Dean tried to say but Alistair ignored him and gave him a hard kick in the stomach, "oomph!" All the air in Dean's chest escaped his body and he started gasping for air.
"Jesus Christ, Cas, I knew there was a reason I wanted to marry you." Dean chuckled and I just growled and kissed him. "I think I should return the favor hmm?" Dean whispered in my ear and flipped us around gently so I was flat on my back. He trailed kisses down my jaw and neck stopping to suck a mark then continued down. Being careful not to put any weight on my stomach he slid down pausing to kiss the top of the growing bump and muttering "beautiful" before continuing down. Dean kissed my inner thighs before he took my length in his mouth "fuck!" I almost shouted but threw my hand over my mouth to stay quiet.
"Mind if I stay up here with you for a while? It's a little crazy down there." John asked "Sure, you can go get the rocking chair out of Mary's room if you'd like." I said as I started eating the broth. John returned shortly after he left and settle the chair towards the end of the bed on my side; "so how's the pregnancy goin' so far?" He asked, "it's actually going pretty well, just today's one of those wacky days." I said taking a bite of the sandwich. "Dean's been handling it a lot better than the first time." I chuckled. "Yeah, I was a lot calmer when Mary was pregnant with Sam. Dean gave her hell, kinda like Mary did for you." John laughed gently and I smiled. "I wish I could have met her." I said quietly playing with the broth. "She would have adored you. She would have loved to meet her grandkids." John said quietly.
He heard her before he could see her, Lucy came sprinting around the corner and jumped up on Dean, "Lucy! Down!" he yelled rubbing he chest slightly where the dog's paws landed, but reached down to scratch her ears. "Dude, this is weird…" Gabe whispered, "what? Why?" Dean asked making his way to the kitchen. "Because this is a teachers house and I'm about to sit down and have breakfast with him like it's a normal thing." Gabe continued. "Oh, shut up. It'll be fine." Cas huffed and went to catch up to Dean. Everyone was greeted warmly by Ellen and then greeted by the familiar "Idjits." from Bobby. Once they were done eating the left, Dean dropped Benny and Andrea off and turned to Cas, "you want to go home or come to my house?" "Uh, let me go home first. I need to shower and I don't have anymore clothes then I'll be over." Dean nodded and dropped him off and headed home to shower himself.
'Oh god, oh god. Not now!' Dean mentally panicked as he stared at the growing puddle at his feet. "Dean?!" he heard Jo yell back and heard their footsteps running towards the kitchen, "Dean what's wrong?" Ellen asked coming closer.
"Cas?! What's going on Jimmy just ran out of here like a bat out of hell!" Amelia asked behind the register, "Gabe's water broke, he's taking us to the hospital." I said "oh, uh, is there anything I can do?" Amelia asked, "um call Balthazar and Anna, I'm sure they'll want to be there. Um for now just hold down the fort, Charlie and Gilda should be back from their lunch break soon." I said and led Gabe out the door and into the front seat of Jimmy's car. We got to the hospital 10 minutes later and Gabe's contractions were getting worse. "Jimmy take him in, I'm going to call Dean." I said once we got inside. "Winchester & Son's Auto Repair shop, this is John, how can I help you?" John said after the third ring, "John! Is Dean in? I need to talk to him." I asked,
Dean stumbled to the Impala and just sat there for a few minutes. He shook his head and went to pick up Sam. "Wow, you actually came to pick me up." Sam sassed, "Sam, not now." Dean sighed and headed home. They pulled into the driveway and Sam got out and ran inside, where Dean slowly made his way in and let Lucy out. As he was walking back to the living room Sam knocked into him and kept going. "Sam!" Dean yelled, "what?" he snapped turning back around.
"Yeah baby, they're pretty aren't they?" I said pulling her out of the car and set her down when Dean opened the door and she took off running "GAMPA!" I heard her voice carry through the house as Dean and I walked in. We rounded the corner and saw Mary standing in an empty kitchen, "daddy where gampa?" Mary asked getting teary eyed. "He'll be here soon, he went to get Uncle Sammy and Jess."
"You don't say much do you?" Cas asked, "ha, I um. I do, I just. I-I…" Dean struggled to find the right words, he what? What was making it so he couldn't talk to one lousy guy? "I'm listening…" Cas said in a teasing voice, "I um, I don't really talk to people, I'm uh I like to be alone… Well when I'm not at school, at school I'm usually with Benny and Charlie…" Dean said slowly starting to get comfortable with Cas. "Hmm, why do you like being alone?" He questioned, 'fuck, what is this? 20 questions?' Dean thought to himself but answered anyway, "well, as an omega you really don't want to draw too much attention to yourself." Dean said but froze at what he just said, his eyes grew wide and just waited for Cas to walk away.
Weeks went by and April was now almost over, and Dean and I were going out. Missouri had agreed to watch Mary for the night since Dean and I hadn't had a actual date in a while. It was 6:30 when Missouri came over to pick up Mary, "okay bug, be good for Missouri and daddy and I will come get you tomorrow." I said kissing her forehead. "She already ate so she should be good to go." I said handing Mary's bag over. "Don't worry about a thing honey. You and Dean have a good night." Missouri smiled and walked over to her house.
"Alright Dean the ribbons are up, go and look." Ms. Barnes said, "oh and meet me in my office after, I need to talk to you." she smiled and walked off. Dean squeezed Cas' hand and headed towards his sketch of Lucy since they were closer to that, when he saw the red ribbon his heart sank just a little, "second place, Dean that's not bad." Cas smiled. Dean nodded and they made their way towards the painting section but noticed Benny got first place on one of his wielding pieces.
"The Impala's starting to look good Dean." John said once we were finished eating. As soon as Dean's cast came off he'd been working day and night on the Impala, it was already almost ready to drive again. "Thanks, I think by the end of next week she should be back on the road!" Dean said smiling. "Good, just in time too." John said, "just in time for what?" I asked after clearing our plates. "For this." John said and slid an envelope over to us and Dean opened it. "Dad?" Dean asked looking up, "I figured you two needed a nice get away after the accident and everything, and who know's when you'll get some time to yourself when the pups get here. So consider it a belated birthday and Valentine's Day present." John said, "I know you two didn't do anything for Valentine's Day anyway."
"I know it's true." Cas snapped, "doesn't give Alistair the right to threaten him like that." he growled, "enough." Crowley snapped, "now, since you were caught fighting which I do not allow in my school, you are suspended until Monday, you may leave the premises once you leave this office." Crowley said. "Suspended?! For what!?" Cas shouted, "for beating up another student." Crowley said calmly, "FOR THREATENING MY BOYFRIEND!" Cas shouted standing up, "Mr. Novak, I highly suggest you leave and calm down before you do something you regret." Crowley said glaring at the boy and Cas just stormed out and threw his bag under a tree and plopped down thinking of how to get home. He pulled out his phone and went to his recent calls and hit send.
"Dean. I'm sorry, that must have been hard." Cas said and Dean scoffed on the inside, 'you have no fucking idea.' he thought to himself. "Look, I better go. I'll see you monday right?" Cas said standing up, "yeah, course." Dean said following Cas to the door. "Look, I had a great night… I hope next time we can actually go out." Dean said handing Cas his jacket, "me too. As long as we do more of this." Cas smirked and kissed Dean once more before heading home. Dean let Lucy in and they went upstairs for the night.
An hour later I coaxed a very drunk Dean into the passenger side of the Impala and we headed home. Once the light turned green I pulled out, suddenly the Impala was spun around and there was a loud crash and then everything went black.
"Dean, don't do it! He put something in it and I wouldn't trust him." Cas said standing up, he eyed Gabe suspiciously and took the cupcake taking a bit out of it. Gabe grinned like mad man and waited for Dean's reaction, "dude, did you put bacon bits in this?!" he asked eyes going wide. "Hell yea! I call it the breakfast cupcake!" Gabe grinned, "well, it's awesome!" Dean said shoving the rest in his mouth and walked over to Cas. "Don't know why you just ate that…" Cas said making a face, "aw come on, it was good! Wanna taste?" Dean asked wiggling his eyebrows and attacked his boyfriend, "no! Gross!" Cas squirmed away.
"Okay, Sammy's going to propose to Jess at Christmas, he gave me the money to put on my card so I could buy it so incase Jess looked at their statement she wouldn't see it." Dean said and I could tell in his eyes he was telling the truth. "Oh my god, that's so exciting!" I smiled and kissed Dean on the cheek, "I was starting to freak out." I chuckled.
"Humph." Dean sighed and signed the paper and handed it back to Mary so she could also sign it, "alright sweetie, you're discharged. Now, I want you to go home and take it easy. Paint, draw or just lay down and watch tv. Ellen will be here any minute to pick you up and she'll stay with you guys till I get home tonight." Mary said, "but I wanna stay longer." Dean argued, "Dean, I know you do. I do too, but you're mom's right, don't you wanna relax at
Gabe was still in his room and he started asking questions but Cas just ignored him and started throwing a few dirty and a few clean shirts in a bag and took his pillow case off his pillow and ran back downstairs. "Okay, I um… I put some shirts I've already worn and few clean ones in the bag and this is my pillow case." Cas said handing the things to Mary.
"We've got two males, one's an unconscious alpha with a broken arm and lacerations to the head and a male omega who is approximately 3 months pregnant with no injuries besides a few cuts on the head." The words unconscious kept running through my head like a broken record. "Dean" I croaked and tilted my head to see a paramedic holding oxygen to his mouth and another one trying to stop the bleeding on his arm. "Dean!" I said much louder, "sir, we need you to stay calm and not move okay? We don't see any major injuries but we don't have the right equipment to take a look at your pups alright."
"What?! Why?" Charlie asked, "because mom told us that she would watch Henry tonight but it's not fair to her. He's our son, our responsibility… So we're going to have to do things a little different now." Dean explained. "I guess that's understandable…" Charlie frowned, they all talked about school and Henry for a while before they put in the first movie.
"Alright, you start." Benny said; "okay… Uh, never have I ever smoked weed." And everyone except Dean and Cas drank, "really?! Cassie, come on." Gabe groaned and they just shrugged, "alright Charlie your turn, we'll just go around the circle." Gabe said. "Hmmm, never have I ever given a blow job." She grinned and Jo, Cas, Andrea, and even Gabe drank. "Ew, Gabe, who have you blown?!" Cas asked looking shocked, "he was at our old school." Gabe shrugged, "and I call cheating on Dean by the way."
"Okay mama." Mary said quietly, I kissed her cheek and wiped her nose before she brushed her teeth and followed her to her bedroom and helped her put on her pajamas. She crawled under the covers and Dean came in "I'm sorry I yelled at you sweetie. I love you." Dean said quietly and kissed her forehead. "I love you too daddy." Mary replied and I cranked Mary's music box, turned off her light and shut the door.
“Wanna finish my food.” Dean mumbled and reloaded his fork with chicken and beans. Only for him to fall back asleep and drop the fork for a second time.
“Hey. Um I have a question and I don’t expect you to answer right away cuz you’ll need to talk to Cas first.”
"Dean, baby put the blade down." Cas said gently and Charlie's heart broke a little, "Cas i-it wont stop. Make it stop!" she heard Dean sob and she started crying as well, she also noticed Benny come up next to her.
“I figured you’d be happy with the menu.” Cas grinned and watched his husband pile up his plate and was shocked when Dean grabbed a little bit of salad.
"Okay Charlie, you've got the cupcakes in the van right?" I asked for the 3rd time. "Yes, Cas. I have the cupcakes in the van. Relax." Charlie said closing the hatch of her mom's van. "I'm sorry I just want to make sure we don't forget anything. "I understand, it's a big gig. Well it's our first gig. But who cares, we're gonna crush it and if that spoiled teen doesn't like it, well she can fall into Mount Doom." Charlie said and got in the van while Dean and I followed in the Impala.
“Don’t yell at me. If you want it hard I’ll give you hard.” Cas growled and pulled all the way out before slamming back in and started a fast pace.
Cas had a feeling he knew where Dean would go, so he walked towards the art half of the school. "He's in there ya idjit." Bobby grumped when Cas walked in, when he started walking towards the storage room Bobby stopped him. "What happened? Dean came runnin' through here snifflin' and went straight to the storage room with out a word." he glared, thinking it was Cas' fault. Cas sighed and explained, "he noticed that he was starting to show a little this morning so he showed me in the bathroom and Michael Hall came in and said it was gross and that Dean should put it away."
"We talked about my cutting mostly… We uh, we talked about Cas and my home life and school. That's about it… He wants me to keep going in." Dean said playing with a straw wrapper. "Do you want to keep going?" Mary asked and Dean looked up and nodded. "He said we'd only meet once every other week and that you can set up the appointment." Dean said quietly and snapped his band a few times. "Okay, I'll do that before he leaves for the day. Now come on, I'm sure Bobby's here and I'll get your medicine." Mary said and they walked out of the room.
"You hungry?" Dean asked and unbuttoned his shirt a little and brought Henry up a little and he latched on immediately. "I'll take that as a yes." Dean chuckled and ran a free hand gently through Henry's hair.
"Fuck you, get 'way." Cas slurred moving away and crashing into Dean. Gabe just rolled his eyes and spun again and groaned when it landed on Benny, "dude, let's just get it over with." Benny cringed and it was the fasted kiss anyone had ever seen. It landed on Charlie and they kissed and when she spun it landed on Dean, they kissed and they both scrubbed their mouths.
Because of last night's activities, they woke up late. "Shit! Cas get up!" Dean yelled shoving the comforter off and ran to the bathroom to start the shower. Cas came stumbling in rubbing his eyes, "what's wrong with you?" he asked around a yawn, "it's 7:45, we don't have much time to get ready so get your ass in here and help me get all this shit off me." Dean said gesturing the dried come and slick on his body. They showered and dressed quickly and met Sam at the front door, "I don't even want to know why you two are running late." Sam said and crawled into the back seat.
Finally he was at then end of the aisle, standing in front of Cas. His best friend, his true mate and everyone around him disappeared. He faintly heard Charlie speak and repeated everything Charlie told him to.
"I don't know why or how we have so many Christmas decorations." Dean grumped while we were digging through the boxes and I just threw packing peanuts at him. 2 hours later we finally got everything up the tree was decorated; "looks good." I sighed contently snuggling closer to Dean. I must have fallen asleep because I woke up to Dean yelling at Mary; "Mary stay away from the tree!… God damn it Mary Elizabeth, what did I just say!?"
"Baby what's wrong? Did you have another bad dream?" I asked kneeling in front of the bed. Mary shook her head no but stopped crying and started shivering, her face was pale and she was sweating. I felt her forehead, "oh honey, you're burning up." I said pushing her curls back and Mary ended up puking on the bed and started crying again. "Ah, gross… It's okay Mary, it's okay. Come here." I soothed picking her up and carried her to the bathroom to start a bath. Mary stood there crying and shivering as the water warmed up, I took Mary's pajamas off and set her in the tub and she immediately stopped shivering. "Mama?" Mary asked looking up, "yes baby." I said running the washcloth down her back.
Gabe dropped him off and he ran inside, "he's downstairs. I don't know what happened but he's pretty upset." Mary said when she saw Cas walk in. He ran down the stairs and saw Dean pacing the living room, "what the hell Dean? You left me!" Cas said, "I left you for a good fucking reason." Dean growled and finally faced Cas, and he noticed that Dean had been crying.
“Dean. I promise you, I will do everything in my power to make sure Amelia is no where near our wedding.” Cas gave Dean’s hands a quick squeeze before pulling everything off the grill. Dean followed Cas in making sure the door got closed when his phone rang.
Cas was shocked at Sam's answer but was happy he felt that way, he grabbed the chips and a big bowl and went back downstairs. Cas set the food and placed the drinks in the fridge and headed towards the bedroom to wake up Dean, knowing Charlie would be here shortly. He was halfway to their room when the bathroom door opened and a very sleepy Dean walked out rubbing his eye, "hey, your up." Cas smiled, "humph, damn kid wouldn't stop jumping on my bladder." he yawned. "Well, don't go back to sleep, I held Charlie off as long as I could but her and Benny should be here in about 20 minutes." Cas said ushering Dean to the couch, "I'll get your glasses."
"Okay Sammy, you and Jess can go downstairs tonight just so it's easier to take care of Henry since his stuff is down there. Just don't trash the place." Dean winked. "We wont." Sam groaned which made Dean and Cas chuckle, "alright then here ya go Jess." Cas said and placed Henry in her arms; "I'll be back in like 3 or 4 hours to relieve you." Dean smiled and kissed Henry's forehead. "Be careful boys!" Mary called from the kitchen, "we will mom, love you!" Dean yelled back.
"Christ! No! I was going to say you could be Daddy and I can be papa or just dad…." Cas said. "Mkay, then it's settled." Dean said and relaxed as best as he could. Two contractions later, Mary, Tessa and two more nurses came in with everything they would need for the delivery.
Dean shot up in bed with a loud gasp and burst into tears. “Dean? What’s wrong?” Cas asked sleepily and turned the lights on. Dean was now in a full anxiety attack and was clawing at his face trying to breath.
“Well, honey you seemed to have missed the fine print.” Amelia grinned. “It says right here, that the restraining order becomes null in void after 3 years, and so, since you neglected to re new it. I can come as close as I want.”
“How was what?” Cas asked while the tip of Dean’s ears turned red and he suddenly found his burger very interesting.
15 minutes later Cas spotted the Impala pulling up to the front of the school, so he grabbed his bag and hopped into the front seat. "Alright, explain." Dean said once Cas was seated, "I've been suspended till Monday." he said quietly. "What?! Why?" Dean shouted, "for beating the shit out of Alistair." Cas said looking at his lap. "Y-you beat up Alistair? Why?" Dean asked, "he threatened you and called you names, and I snapped. He asked me if the rumors of you being pregnant were true and that you would be nice and 'open' for him when you got back." Cas said and Dean could smell anger coming off his boyfriend. "Cas, baby. Thank you for defending me. But it's over with, please calm down." Dean pleaded and Cas took a deep breath and just gave Dean a small smile.
Hey guys... PLEASE don't be mad at me... It has been a shit show the past few months. I lost my grandpa suddenly and I was super close to him so it hit me hard. Then I had to up root my life and move and I just now am starting to get in the groove of things. Any way enjoy the chapter. <3
"I want to go with you tomorrow to work and g-get the ultra sound thingy." Dean stuttered and Mary just chuckled. "Okay, we'll get you the ultra sound thingy." I have to be at work by 8 though, I can have Ellen bring you later in the day if you'd like." Mary suggested, "okay." Dean said. "Okay. Now, let's get your arm cleaned up and get some dinner started." Mary said and Dean let her help him out of the bed.
“It’s okay Dean. It’s alright.” Mary soothed and pulled Dean into a hug and let him sob. She ran her fingers through his hair and quietly kept telling him it was going to be okay. A little bit later, not wanting Henry to be alone downstairs for much longer by himself, Mary got the first aid kit out and cleaned up Dean’s arm.
Cas moaned and quickly shifted their positions and ground his hips down making Dean's breath hitch, the continued making out until Gabe barged in. "WOAH! Not what I wanted to see!" He yelled covering his eyes, Cas rolled his eyes and the two sat up, "Gabe, I told you to quit just barging into my room, and quit covering your eyes. We're fully dressed." Cas said and Dean just fixed his glasses and re adjusted his shirt.
I whispered, "I love you too." Dean whispered back and bent down to kiss me; we kissed for a bit while our hands roamed each others bodies. Dean started to kiss down my neck, chest, and down my stomach stopping right above my dick. I was about to tell him to do something when he suddenly took the entire length into his mouth. "Fuck!" I shouted when Dean started bobbing his head; "Dean, oh god. Dean stop I'm going to come." I gasped trying to pull him off but he just took me deeper hollowing his cheeks. "FUCK!" I screamed and shot my load down Dean's throat. Dean released me and sat back while I tried to catch my breath, "that was amazing Dean, but I
We got everything packed and I was sweating bullets, "okay Mary, you're gonna stay the night with Missouri tonight and then Grandpa is going to pick you up tomorrow and you're gonna stay with him. Can you be a good girl while you're there?" I asked crouching down to her eye level, "yes mama." Mary looked at me, I picked her up and kissed her cheek. "Be good." I said handing her to Missouri, "oh honey, yours are bad aren't they, I can already see how much you're struggling." I wiped my forehead and nodded, "they got worse after I had Mary." I confessed, I never even told Dean that, "oh and Missouri, she really doesn't like her medicine, so bribe her with a jelly bean, that usually works. There are some in a jar on the counter, go ahead and take it and let John know" I said.
"Christ, why'd you let me sleep that long?" Dean groaned as he stretched, "because you needed it and I know you'll be able to sleep tonight." he grinned and took his mate's hand. "Hi sweetie." Mary said, kissing Dean's forehead as he walked by; "hey mom. How was work?" he asked grabbing a glass of water. "Fine, kinda slow." Mary said while she brought a casserole to the table.
Dean was shocked at her question or just the fact she spoked. “Yeah… I do.” he smiled softly and pulled out his phone and showed her a picture Charlie took of them in the back yard. Jessica looked at the picture for a few minutes then her eyebrows scrunched together.
When she turned around Dean was slumped over with his forehead resting against the sink, "oh Dean." Mary said softly feeling sorry for her son, "do you need my help?" she asked and Dean just nodded. She could see the sweat running down his temples when she went to help him stand, "Dean can you take your underwear off?" Mary asked and he slumped into her as he tugged them off, not even caring that he was half hard.
give Mary a bunch of candy." I begged and Gabe just waved me off so I left and pulled up next to the Impala at the Roadhouse I walked in and saw Dean sitting at the bar. With Lisa. Dean got up and left so I made my way over, "Lisa." I said and she turned around and plastered on a fake smile, "Cas! Oh it's good to see you!" She said "fine. Where'd Dean go?" I said shortly, "bathroom, he'll be out in a minute." Lisa said her smile fading.
"Oh my god, it's like baby nation here!" Charlie squealed and gave me a hug. "That's why you guys have been acting so weird at the bakery." Gilda said "weird? How was I acting weird?" Gabe asked, "well, you haven't been trying to steal all the sweets and you've cut back on the coffee intake." Charlie explained "and Cas! That's why you've been coming in after 9! Because of the morning sickness! Oh god, why did we not figure this out Gilda?!" Charlie gushed. The rest of the night was spent talking about babies.
"Dean, will you go in Mary's room and get her pajamas and a pull up?" I asked putting Mary in the tub. "Uh sure." "Grab her footy pj's, they're warmer!" I hollered. Dean came back placing the pajamas on the sink, "of course you would grab the Batman ones." I smirked "well duh, Batman is awesome." Dean said and left the bathroom. I dried Mary off and put her pajamas on, I poked my head in our room and found Dean laying on the bed flipping through a magazine, "Dean, Mary wants you to tuck her in." I said and went to put Mary in her bed.
"Mom, what are you doing, what's in the bag?" Dean asked eyeing the small hospital bag, "Dean, I need you to be 100 percent honest with me, no matter how embarrassing it is okay?" Mary started and she could smell fear and worry start to fill the air. "Did you and Cas have sex the night of homecoming?" She asked and she could see tears forming in his eyes, "y-yeah why?…"
Dean was moaning and pushing his hips back to meet Cas's fingers, "more Cas, please." Dean begged, his own cock leaking on the bed, "I'm not gonna break Cas, please." Dean practically sobbed. "Shh, I got you." Cas whispered and slowly pulled his fingers out, "lay on your back, I want to see you." Cas said softly helping Dean get comfortable, he grabbed a pillow and put it under Dean's hips and moved between his legs. "Are you ready?" Cas asked "more than anything. I trust you." Dean said and Cas bent down and captured Dean's lips as he slowly pushed in. "Fuck!" Dean gasped at the feeling of being filled, Cas stopped letting Dean adjust, "do you want me to stop?" Cas asked, "no, keep going." Dean replied hooking his legs behind Cas pushing him in all the way, causing Cas to press against his prostate.
He pushed the door open and saw Dean hugging the toilet, puking up last nights pork chops. "Oh Dean." Cas said quietly and went to rub his back, "Cas…" Dean moaned slumping back into his arms. "Morning sickness already?" Mary asked causing both boys to jump, "I guess." Dean sighed and lurched forward to puke again, "how long does it last." Dean whimpered falling back into Cas again.
"Mary had a seizure, I'm riding in the ambulance follow us." I yelled climbing in to the back of the ambulance and I heard the Impala roar to life. About 5 minutes into the drive, Mary started seizing again, the paramedics were doing something to her that I couldn't see "Please, what's going on!" I yelled "She's seizing again, we're trying to stabilize her. Sir, please sit back down." One of the paramedics said. We finally arrived at the hospital and they rushed off with Mary; I jumped out of the back and Dean instantly had me in his arms and I broke down again. "She-she was asleep on my lap, and she started shaking! I-I-I called the ambulance and on the way she had another seizure! Dean, what are we gonna do?!" I sobbed. "Shh, it's going to be okay, hey, she's a Winchester! Winchesters are tough. She'll be okay." Dean said his voice shaking with tears. "Come on, let's get inside." Dean said taking my hand, we walked in and a nurse led us upstairs to the children's part of the hospital, "the Doctor will be out in a little bit." the nurse said and walked away.
I slowly started grinding my hips down against Dean causing him to gasp and grab my hips and I wrapped my arms around his neck burring my hands in his hair tugging gently. We broke our kiss and Dean started kissing my neck so I tilted my head to give him better access and I could feel him start pulling my shirt up so I lifted my arms so he could remove it. "I think we should take this upstairs." I said breathing heavily and Dean picked me up so my legs were wrapped around his waist.
Meanwhile, Cas sat in is Cultural Lit class debating if he should get Bobby to get him out of school early. He felt bad about leaving Dean home after he said he didn't feel well that morning, he was startled out of his thoughts when the class phone started ringing on Mr. Olsen's desk.
“I don’t know sweetie. I’m hoping the college visit we have set up on Friday at Kansas State will cheer him up a bit.”
Dean gasped after a few moments so Cas started bobbing his head faster and sucking a little harder. "Oh god, holy shit. Fuck!" Dean shouted and shot his load down Cas's throat. He swallowed and sat back, "tha- wow." Dean said coming down from his high, "do you, uh. Do you want me to help with that?" Dean asked noticing the obvious bulge in Cas's jeans. "If you want." Cas said and as soon as they began to shift positions Dean froze and looked terrified. "Dean? What's wrong?" Cas asked sitting up and went to touch Dean's check but he flinched away. "Cas, stay away, you gotta take me home. Like now!" Dean said and started breathing heavily.
Mary got up and left for a little bit, "Cas… We never really decided on who's going to be who…" Dean pointed out, "what do you mean?" Cas asked. "Well, there's obviously two dads and that's going to get kinda confusing in the future." Dean deadpanned. "Oh, well… You're giving birth so-" "Cas, I swear to god if you suggest that our pup calls me mama, I will fucking cut off your dick and shove it up your own ass." Dean growled.
"Cas, you know that male omega pregnancies are harder… We got lucky when you got pregnant with Mary." Dean said and I looked up at him, "but what if I can't have another baby?" I asked tears welling up, "Cas, I would be absolutely thrilled if we had another baby, but if you can't, I'm not going to leave you just because you can't. If it makes you feel better we can set up an appointment with Doctor Maddison and check things out." Dean said wiping a few tears that had spilled. "Here mama." Mary said coming back into the room so I quickly wiped away all the tears and took a deep breath, "thank you baby, go with daddy downstairs, I'll be down in a minute."
Cas sat in the recliner pulling Dean onto his lap before kicking out the footrest while Benny and Charlie sat on the couch. "How was school?" Dean asked playing with the hair on the back of Cas's head. "Boring." "Long." "Fine." Came three different responses making Dean laugh, "so the usual." "Pretty much.. What did you do today?" Cas asked, "not a whole lot… Slept pretty late today, but mostly I painted, I just got done painting for the day actually when Charlie came in an attacked me." Dean said playfully glaring at his friend.
He got Cas stripped down to his boxers and maneuvered him under the covers and went to go put Henry down again. When he came back in the room his phone was blinking meaning he had a text. He unlocked his phone and noticed it was from the unknown number again, '
Mary was curled up in a ball with a stuffed monkey Gabriel had gotten her for her birthday; I smiled and pulled her blanket up to cover her back up and kissed her forehead and snuck back out down to the kitchen.
"Dean you need to wake up or you'll be late for school!" Mary said shaking his shoulder. "What?" Dean asked rubbing his eyes, "you did't set your alarm, if you don't leave in like the next 5 minutes you and Sam will be late for school." Mary said, "Shit!" Dean said and shot out of bed grabbing his glasses as he ran to the bathroom to brush his teeth.
"Oomph, come on guys… an't you give me a break for one day?" I said to myself but Dean heard me, "pups are awake I take it." He said handing me a bottle of water. "Yeah, I didn't sleep much last night because they were pretty active." I sighed "Everything okay over here?" Zachariah asked holding a comfortable looking chair, "yeah, every things fine. Um Zachariah, this is my husband, Dean. Dean this is Zachariah Adler." I introduced the two, "ah, yes. Nice to meet you. But uh, wasn't there another man, uh short little guy?" Zachariah asked, "oh, that was my brother Gabriel, he's home. He's actually watching our daughter." I said and sat down in the chair.
“Me too…. I don’t want him relapsing into any of his habits.” Cas said staring at the stairs. “Do you mind if I go up with him?”
"Fine. Favorite color, favorite movie, favorite season, favorite actor, favorite food and favorite time of the day. Go." Dean challenged, "easy. Blue, Wizard of Oz, Winter, Ryan Gosling, Chicken, and morning." she smirked and Dean just laughed. "Oh sister you are waaaayyy off. 1. Green, 2. Captain America, 3. Fall because he likes to watch the leaves change color. 4. Benedict Cumberbatch because he's obsessed with the show Sherlock, 5. Burgers and 6. Night time because he likes to look at the stars and pick out the constellations. Now, if you'll excuse me I need to take our son home." Dean said and picked up Henry and left.
"Right here…" he said nodding towards Cas. "Oh, uh wow, Cas you ha, okay…" she said obviously shocked, "never thought you'd be in this position yet…" she chuckled a little. "Sorry princess. What can you do? Drunk night on homecoming and you get stuck with a baby. Come on, you wanted to leave." Dean said starting to walk away. "Amelia, why don't you come over, we have some catching up to do." Cas suggested and Dean tried to hold in his anger but Cas just looked at him funny when he smelt the anger. "Oh, um.. I don't want to impose, but I haven't seen Bartholomew and Naomi in a while. Sure, I'd love to come over." She smiled eyeing Dean a little.
"Mornin' Cas." Charlie greeted when she came back to the kitchen. "Morning." I said pulling muffins from the oven to put on the cooling rack. "Cas, it's 5:30 and you've already got about everything done for the display case… When did you get here?" Charlie asked pulling her apron over her head. "4…" I said quietly hoping she wouldn't hear, "4?! Jesus Cas, you're not a machine! You've got a two year old, how the hell do you do that?"
“What ever you want. But, maybe we should get married first? That way we can enjoy a nice honeymoon?” Cas said carefully.
“Well, he’s yelling loud enough Henry’s in my room crying because he thinks Dean’s hurt.” Charlie said.
"Okay, so the results wont be up till tomorrow, so I say we rent the movie and we can break in your new living room. Charlie suggested at lunch. "Okay, I do have to work for a few hours after school though." Cas said. "Okay, we'll come over around 6:30." Benny suggested.
"Uh, Dean and I had another argument last night and he stormed out and didn't come home last night…" I said looking down at the floor. "Jesus, what is his fucking problem lately?" Charlie growled. "I'm pretty sure it's the stress of the whole baby thing. And probably the no sex…" I said, "no sex? what do you mean?" I turned red "Dean and I haven't exactly had sex since my last heat." I said quietly. "That's why he suddenly stormed out?" Charlie asked anger flashing in her eyes. "Well, kinda… I've been really stressed because I haven't heard anything with my blood results and so when I finally relaxed last night he wanted to and I didn't so he got pissed and left." I said quietly. "That's bull shit. He should understand and not act like a bitch." Charlie growled and let the subject drop.
“Dean… We’re not going to have enough room…” Charlie pointed out when they were getting ready to leave.
“I’ve been so preoccupied about the mess with Dorothy I haven’t stopped to ask how you are. I know we’ve texted and everything but I’ve never took the chance to come see you and actually help you in any way. I feel awful.”
"You don't remember me do you honey?" Missouri asked and Dean's cheeks reddened, "I uh, no, no I don't. I'm sorry." "Don't you dare apologize. I understand completely, so let me start off fresh. I'm Missouri Mosley, I live right next door and honestly I don't know what you two would do without me." Missouri said and I chuckled, "I honestly don't know what we would do with out you either Missouri, Mary would be in daycare and the house would always be a disaster." I said and walked over to give her a hug.
Cas carefully slid the band on Dean’s finger, nervous if he’d like it or not. It was also a silver band but it had a few small diamonds in it. Dean’s jaw dropped “Cas it’s beautiful.” he whispered.
"Cas, I can't look. You look." Dean said shutting his eyes when they got closer to his paintings. He let Cas lead him to them and when they stopped Cas was quiet. "Dean." Cas whispered, he slowly opened his eyes expecting to see yellow and orange ribbons meaning 4th and 5th place but was shocked when his one painting had a purple ribbon and the other had a blue. "Cas! Oh my god!" Dean gasped throwing his arms around him, "Dean, what does the purple ones mean? I know Benny's had a blue one, that was first place." Cas said once Dean backed away, "Cas, it means that the judges loved these the most and it's basically saying that this is the best one they've ever seen!" Dean said tears filling his eyes. "Oh Dean, that's wonderful!" Cas beamed wiping away a few of Dean's tears that spilt.
"Are you sure? I-we can stop if you don't want to." Cas said, "I'm okay Cas, really. I trust you." Dean whispered and Cas just nodded and took Dean's hardened member and slowly started stroking it. "Shit." Dean moaned and shivered at the contact once he was even harder Cas bent down and sucked the tip into his mouth. "Holy shit!" Dean practically screamed and Cas had to hold his hips down from bucking up into his mouth. "S-ssorry." Dean moaned as Cas sunk lower moaning softly. "Cas, Cas so close."
“Good. But Charlie, promise me next time you feel like that before you go get wasted, call me. I love you with everything in me but I don’t want that stuff around Henry.”
Cas carefully picked up his sleeping son and made his way upstairs. Knowing Henry wouldn’t be able to do it himself since he was so tired Cas quickly brushed his teeth and got him into his pajamas. Once Henry was tucked in Cas kissed his forehead and whispered, “goodnight Henry. I love you.”
“Me either Cassie. But he’s okay, you’re okay.” Gabe whispered. Cas cried for a few more minutes before pulling away and wiping his face.
"Gross, it's like kissing my sister!" Dean groaned and spun and let out a cheer when it landed on Cas. "Pucker up baby!" Dean grinned and they kissed deep with lots of tongue just to annoy everyone else. "Get a room!" Jo teased and they just looked at each other and got up sprinting for the stairs. "Great, now we get to hear them have sex." Jo grouched, "no if I turn ta music up." Charlie slurred and cranked the music to the max.
Dean bolted awake and Henry's first cry of the night and quickly slid out of bed. "Hey little guy. What's the matter?" Dean asked softly and picked up his son. He checked Henry's diaper and noticed it was a little wet so he quickly changed it and sat in the rocker and held him up and Henry latched after a few moments; "there you go…" Dean whispered and started softly rocking.
"Charlie stop!" Dean said trying to yank his arm free, "Dean, did you do this to yourself?!" she asked quietly dropping his arm and Dean ran from the room. "Damn it! Dean come back!" Cas yelled glaring at Charlie a little. "Cas, did he do that?" she asked tears forming in her eyes, Cas just sighed and nodded his head. "Oh, my god, Benny how did we not notice?!" She said sniffling a bit. "Look, it's not my story to tell, it's his. But he doesn't like talking about it especially after his accident." Cas said and his eyes grew wide realizing what he just said.
Cas helped him off the couch and Dean pulled Charlie into a hug, "see you tomorrow red." "Just at play practice right?" she asked after pulling away, "yeah, I'm on lock down till the pup's born." Dean shrugged and moved to Benny and gave him another hug, "later." they told each other and the two went upstairs and left.
talk to me. About anything and everything." She said rubbing his back and rocking them back and forth a little, letting her own tears fall.
“I just want this fucking over. I want her out of my life, just like Alistair. I just want to forget all of it. I want to raise Henry and any other pups we have with out the worry of one of them or even John coming back to fuck things up.”
"God yes, like that Cas baby please." he rambled after a few more thrusts Cas pulled out, "what are you doing?" Dean asked annoyed. "You gotta turn around so it'll be easier when we're locked together." Cas panted and Dean just nodded and got on his hands and knees. Cas slammed back in, making sure to hit Dean's prostate in the process, he reached down and grabbed Dean's neglected cock and only gave a few strokes before Dean was crying Cas's name and coming all over the bed. A few thrusts later Cas leaned down, feeling his teeth sharpening and is orgasm getting closer.
"Why can't I go with you?" Dean asked while they were eating breakfast. "Because you have to take me to school…" Sam said slightly rude, "Sam's right, besides. I don't want you near any more stress. You're still in some sort of funk since Saturday." Cas said. Dean just nodded and pushed his now mushy cereal around in his bowl fighting back tears.
"Here, quit pouting." Dean chuckled handing it to Cas since he was closer to Charlie, she yanked it out of his hands and started screaming. "OH MY GOD! IT'S SO CUTE!" She giggled, "Benny look!" she continued and shoved it in his face. Benny shifted back and took the sonogram so he could see it better, he whistled, "lookin' good brother." he said and handed it back.
"Caaasss, I can walk!" Dean groaned, "I know you can, but Tessa said to make sure you use it." Cas said and Dean rolled his eyes and slowly sat down in the chair, "grab the duffle." he huffed. Cas pushed the wheelchair out to the patient pick up area and Dean was out of it before they even stopped.
Dean took a shaky breath and lifted his sleeve on his shirt, showing Cas the fresh scars. He couldn’t look at his mate but he heard Cas whisper his name. Next thing he knew, he was in Cas’ arms.
A lot has changed in almost 5 years. Some people are just now finishing college and getting jobs in the real world. Me? My life has changed A LOT in almost 5 years. I started off as the only omega in a normal high school, which is seriously a big problem. But I was smart, I made sure I took my suppressants and my birth control; but when you have a brother like Gabriel, things can get out of hand.
Once she was gone he pulled Dean into his arms and carefully set them both on the floor with Dean's legs wrapped around his waist and they were facing each other. Cas gently took Dean's glasses off and set them on the floor next to him and wiped away some of the tears that were falling.
"No. Not till you tell me what's going on." Sam demanded and locked them both in the bathroom. Dean broke down and began apologizing for no reason. "I'm sorry Sammy. I'm so sorry!" he cried, still with his back turned. "Dean. Turn around, please turn around." Sam said in a soft voice and Dean slowly turned around. "Don't hate me." Dean whispered when Sam gasped. "Dean! Why would you do this to yourself?!" Sam asked holding Dean's arms out.
