“Not Charlie.”
. At first I thought I was doing it so he’d get bored and leave me alone, but then I told him because of the way he listened, like he really wanted to know everything about me.” He rubs the bridge of his nose with his free hand, trying to ignore the prickle in the corners of his eyes. “Christ, I wish he was here, Sam, you don’t even know. It’s so fucking strange, but I really care about him. More than I did for Cassie, and I know that’s all kinds of fucked up, I mean, I was going to ask her to marry me, I bought a ring and everything, but I was never half as interested in anything she had to say as I am with him, you know? I really wish I could talk to him right now, because I’m confused about how we left things and I don’t want him to regret it, I hate to think I made him cheat on his boyfriend and now he’s sorry we slept together. And I hate that I just buried three people I love and all I can think is that I wish he was here because it would make me feel better. Anyway, I know I’m just fucking rambling, but he told me all about how the children that get taken there eventually turn into goblins, they never really grow up, that’s why they’re so childish.”
"I don't think they'd be dropping continuous hints if that was their plan, Sam."
"It's actually five, you forgot to count the pair I'm currently wearing."
She looks out the window but doesn’t deny it, and he supposes if he were a different person he’d leave her here in the rain to think about manipulating people while they’re grieving -- but she knows that he’s not, and she was counting on it.
It opens immediately, as if Cas had been waiting on the other side.
“Okay,” Eileen says. “So the next time you saw the goblin king you let him do dirty things to you. Please explain why that has only happened
“You know it doesn’t make a difference what he does for a living, Bobby.”
"My dad, he, uh. He told me I should find another place to live, once school's out. Says I'm eighteen now and should take care of myself." He tries not to look as ashamed as he feels, and he can't tell if he's pulling it off from the look on Mr. Singer's face. The man's eyes narrow, then he nods his head, as though he's answered a question he asked himself.
"Oh, you know." The casual air sounds as forced as it feels, and Cas takes another step in his direction. "Didn't want to embarrass you."
“How bad could it be?”
"Fine, do you wish to wear your 'gentle man shell' on patrol tonight?"
"I understand the first of the attacks was on your land?" It takes everything Dean has not to smirk when Cas takes a small notepad out of the inside pocket of his jacket like a gumshoe in an old movie. "Did you notice anything odd just before, or since that time?"
"You're right, I should. I'll head right to the bar after coat check and get a drink immediately."
“Yeah,” he manages to say, standing upright and turning to lean one hip against the counter. In essence, what Sam said was true, even if he didn’t tell Kate everything he dreamed about was real -- maybe because he’d already been pretending it wasn’t for the better part of a year, then. “It was his favorite, but in hindsight inappropriate for a little kid.”
"In the basement!"
"I can't believe you didn't tell me about any of this until now."
In for a penny, in for a pound. "I should probably be proud of that." Cas turns to look out the side window, deliberately turning away. "I mean, I work so hard at it. Keeping my hands to myself. Keeping my impulses under control."
"Think I landed on a fucking cactus," he mutters as starts the car and peels away in a cloud of dust.
"He's got such long arms! It seems like he should have an edge, considering he's holding the gun closer to the target than anyone else. He shoots like a stormtrooper."
He procures double the quantity of alcohol than usual before he returns to his own realm, knowing he will need it for himself.
"It's hit every farm here at least once, but some have been attacked twice now. It looks as though it started from the north end and worked its way down to here.” He points out the Patterson farm that Cas and Dean had first gone to. "They lost a sheep two weeks ago, another a few days back, and then you found a goat yesterday. Last night their two nearest neighbors got attacked again. Since it seems to be moving in a deliberate pattern, our best bet is to stake out the next two farms along this route."
“Will you, now? Did I miss the announcement?”
"Or maybe they don't feel like they need to hide their taunts behind elaborate set dressing anymore," Bobby says as he enters the room carrying two boxes of pizza with several paper plates stacked on top of them. Charlie's eyes gleam, and she turns back to the workstation to start typing furiously, stopping only long enough to hold up one finger to shush Dean when he opens his mouth to ask a question.
“Sharai.”
"Hey Cas," he says as he approaches the bed.
“Whose bed is this?” Dean asks sleepily.
"If you think that, why are you here?"
"Be safe." There's a minute shift in the sound, from a comforting crackle to dead air.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean is sitting curled up in a ball on the bed, arms around his knees, head tilted back against the headboard. “Been waiting for you.”
He should feel threatened by that last comment, but there's an eager anticipation in him instead. He crawls out of bed as quietly as he can, reaching under the bed to pull out the cigar box, and places the leaf carefully inside.
"Where is the Lady?" Dean asks her sleepily. "Why did she send me here?"
“Before you cut off his oxygen supply with your tongue?”
"Castiel," he drawls, and it makes his hackles rise. "Are you sure you don't wish to reconsider?"
“Choice,” Amara says, and as the power in the room dissipates, Dean clutches Cas tightly as if he’ll disappear again. “I am sorry, Castiel. I made you human because I did not wish to leave you alone here. I never realized it had become a part of you that could never be erased.” She cups his face, giving him a soft smile. “I took you to my world, but you were never at ease there, were you? You felt the pull to return to here, to your true form, and so you lost your hold over it when you were threatened.” She shakes her head. “I blame myself, for I thought only of my brother then. My love for him eclipsed my care for you, and so you could never embrace your humanity.” She rests her gaze solely on Dean. “Now it is your human heart that always feels the pull towards something. Someone. And so that is the thread from which your new form is woven.” She crosses the room, and Storm lowers its head into her caress. “You are no longer the dragon, Castiel. You are your own.”
"Your student seems quite familiar with you. He called you by your first name. Isn't that highly irregular?"
He opens his eyes to find himself back in the master bedroom, the place where their journey began, and Sam is lying on the carpet beside him.
“Her name is Charlie,” Donna says, giving Dean an odd look, but the girl’s eyes grow wide.
Dean wants to respond that Cas is not a pet, and that he has no say in whether he’s kept or not -- but there’s such a large smile on Cas’s face, eyes crinkling with joy at the corners as he holds his beer out to clink against Charlie’s, and all the nervous energy inside Dean melts into something soft and warm in his chest.
"I can't," says a deep voice, makeout husky and decidedly not a girl that he knows. Not any girl at all.
“You bet I do.”
He swings his legs off the bed, glancing at the clock on the nightstand as he plants his feet on the chilly floor. Not even six a.m., far too early to be awake on any day, much less a Saturday. He sighs, rubbing his face with both hands, rasping over stubble with his palms before he finally stands and shuffles out of the room. The coffee is programmed to start brewing at half past seven, but given the hour he hits the button to get it started before making his way to the bathroom.
"Alright, let's open the doors and get them in here to set up, we've got a long day ahead of us."
Balthazar smiles, closing the balcony door behind him with a snap of his fingers before sitting in the chair previously occupied by Sam. "That will do nicely, thank you." Dean watches him in stunned silence as Eileen leave the room. "She has manners. I like her."
“You never pick it as the winner, I’m not surprised he’s trying something else.”
"Gentlemen," Charlie interrupts, pointing to the four images currently taking up the large screen. "I think Bobby's on to something."
"Roger that."
It's probably a boy from Sam's grade and his mother, so Dean doesn't panic. He has other feelings instead about the fact that Sam has forgotten their birthday tradition, and clearly didn't even notice his present.
"Like right now. Whenever you're in the passenger seat I have this compulsion to reach over and put my hand on your leg. Just a natural inclination to reach out and touch. Or you'll already have your hand on your leg like you do now, and then I think about what it would be like to reach over and put mine over yours. Slip it underneath your palm, let our fingers intertwine."
He and Darkwing had stood silent and frozen for some time, watching the fiery letters burning themselves out on the asphalt. Dean had been too stunned to speak while the wheels of his mind turned, going over what he thought that word could mean, and when the last of the flames flickered out into darkness he'd simply said "I have to go."
"Well," Castiel answers slowly, "I have to guard the castle all night, so I’m asleep during the day."
"Didn't want to eat alone," he says as he glances up. His favorite star looks even bigger tonight, actively twinkling, and Dean shakes his head in amusement as he tucks into his dinner. "Wish I knew enough about science and astronomy to know exactly what makes your appearance change, but it's been a long time since I studied those things, and now I'm too tired. Besides, it's nice to think that you're listening."
"What was that?" she asks with a raised eyebrow.
(The joke is actually on Gabe, since the slippers are always insanely cozy and he loves them despite how much room they take up in the closet.)
It's not until he gets the mask in place and flings the door open, interrupting the third set of knocks, that he realizes he never changed after the virtual meeting. He can read six levels of surprise in the widened green eyes of the delivery man above his own mask, fist still poised in the air in the act of knocking, where it stays as the man takes three steps backward to put the appropriate amount of space between them.
“Castiel,” oozes an unpleasant voice from behind him, and he involuntarily cringes. “Perhaps you didn’t see me when you came in.”
"Is it your sexy sidekick friend?"
, Dean." He sighs, and leans in for a soft kiss. "I think your idea is great. I think we both need to wind down and relax. I just want to be with you, whatever we're doing."
"Oh, that sneaky bastard," he mutters under his breath, putting his phone away in disgust.
“Is that what you want?”
“Did you just let out a dreamy sigh? It’s so cute how excited you get over food.”
"I'm going to take my time, get you good and open," he whispers, their lips brushing together softly at those words. "Don't fall asleep on me."
He cries out, burying his face in Dean's neck as he comes all over his own fist, chasing the sensation of Dean's fingers as they press and rub at his prostate, feeling the pleasure radiate through his body to his toes. Dean rolls him onto his back as he works him through his climax, gazing down at him with a triumphant expression. Castiel can't look away from those determined green eyes, not for a second, and it's not until he finally collapses bonelessly against the mattress that Dean pulls his fingers out. He kisses Castiel gently before rolling off the bed, and as the water runs in the bathroom Castiel stares at the ceiling and tries to catch his breath.
“You know anything ‘bout that new boy down the end?”
Face down in the sand is a nude figure that seems to be a man, limbs splayed out as though trying to brace for the crash. Dean looks carefully but there seems to be no actual trauma, no splash of blood or ghastly white of protruding bone. He lets the light play across the man's facial features where his left cheek is pressed against the sand, and if not for the fact that he's inexplicably fallen from the
"Fair enough." He clears his throat, suddenly nervous. "What, ah, did you want to talk about?"
“He has a goddamn name, Rufus! Dean? It’s alright, son, it’s all okay now.” Hands grasp at him but he can’t find his voice, and he’s pulled out and against Bobby’s chest, wrapped in a firm embrace. “There you are, you’re okay, shhh.” Bobby caresses his hair, surprisingly gentle for such a gruff man, and Dean can hear the clamor of concerned voices all around him. He’s passed into another pair of arms, and he buries his face into skin that smells like spices and smoke as Missouri carries him back to the kitchens. He realizes his teeth are chattering.
"Fine," Sam says icily, practically storming from the room in an overdramatic huff, clattering down the stairs with as much noise as he can muster and throwing himself onto the couch. He doesn't know why Dean has to spend so much time with that stupid baby. Can't he just put him back in his crib and let him cry himself to sleep? After all, it's Sam's birthday today, and Dean is supposed to be doing whatever
Dean clenches his toes inside his shoes, thinking about how much he'd like to kick Barty in his smug face, but knowing this isn't the right time.
A heavy silence hangs between them before Dean can bring himself to speak again.
He pulls out a thin piece of paper, staring at the type on the front as Dean obliges him with a fresh drink. “This is my senior report card,” he whispers, placing it on the table where Dean can see columns of grades, upside down but unmistakable as A after A. He removes another, placing at over the first, then another: junior year, sophomore, freshman, eighth grade. Under that is Dean’s senior report card, not nearly as stellar as Sam’s but not bad, all things considered. Sam takes out a host of other things, too, lining them up along the table. Dean wonders if it’s an unspoken family tradition, this gathering of tiny treasures hoarded in a worthless box from something they’ve never used and hidden away somewhere: cigars for one who doesn’t smoke, sneakers for one who doesn’t run. He wonders what Sam has at home, tucked under his bed, holding his own Precious Artifacts of No Inherent Value.
“My girlfriend. We’ve been together for almost a year now.”
“No.”
“I am.”
Dean had recognized the scenes easily before Charlie enlarged parts of them, because he’d been at every one. The top two were abandoned homes, and one had been empty when he'd arrived but from the other he'd rescued a young kid who'd been squatting there, trapped on the second floor but still unharmed when Daredemon had come to the rescue. In the bottom left was an office building that had been empty at that time of night, next to it a dilapidated storefront downtown. Now that a small section of each photo has been blown up on the giant monitor, even Bobby can clearly make out the thread that connects them all together.
Cas keeps his face perfectly stoic, but Dean can see the twinkle in his eye. "Well, I know the thing that always makes you feel better is pie." He points to the sign that says
“You’re right, that part definitely did not hurt,” Dean says to her with a sigh.
Thirty minutes later, when Kate has gotten home with Adam and John has come back downstairs for dinner, Dean has his game face back on. The food tastes like ashes in his mouth but he goes through all the motions, cleans up the table after dinner, then announces he has homework to do and excuses himself upstairs.
"I don't want to hurt you," Cas sobs, backing away towards the break in the wall, and suddenly everything shifts. “I never wanted to hurt you, Dean. I never wanted to hurt anyone.” He backs away, holding one hand out as though to ward him off, and that’s when Dean realizes there’s something else in the room: a dark mass behind Castiel.
"Hello, Dean."
"There’s nowhere for me to go, is there?" Dean asks, defeat overriding his fear. "Even if Castiel wanted me to be free, there’s no way out of here. Wherever this place is, it’s at the center of this...nothingness." The dragon's head moves in an approximation of a nod, and Dean hides  his face in his hands.
He thought he would feel vulnerable in this moment, bared before Dean's gaze in so many ways, but instead he feels venerable, bewitching. He crooks one arm behind his head, leaning back onto the pillows to watch his worshipper, who winks at him before sucking on the pad of his thumb. Castiel holds his breath in anticipation but still jumps a little at the sensation when Dean touches his rim, just rubbing it in small circles, occasionally applying pressure. There's a small click, the only sound in the room besides their breathing, and Dean removes his thumb just long enough to squeeze lube onto his fingers, rubbing them together and then, with a devilish grin, drizzling some over Castiel's tight opening. He gasps slightly at the cold but it doesn't last long before a finger starts massaging it over the muscle, pressing harder than before as it circles but still not quite seeking entry.
“Knew what?”
"Well, no. It didn’t occur to me that I’d need a moniker, so when you asked me I panicked. That's something my brothers called me when my powers started to manifest." He frowns. "I actually used to think it was a compliment, until you told me about the cartoon. Now I know they were just being assholes.”
“Shit.”
“Who are you?” She asks this last with a tone of wonder that does nothing to lessen the ache in his heart.
"Ugh, fine." He kicks off the sheet, swinging his legs off the mattress. "I can get dressed and drink coffee at the same time." duffel bag in one hand and drink in the other, he saunters into the bathroom and kicks the door shut behind him, leaning back against it to take a long, deep breath. He opens his bag and stares for a few minutes at the clothes he'd lent Cas the night before, neatly folded and replaced in the bag, now seeming out of place with the rest of the contents. He pulls out the plain white undershirt, crumpling it in his hands, pretending he can still feel the warmth of the body that wore it last. There's nothing special about it. Just a utilitarian piece of clothing like its hundreds of identical siblings, packaged in bulk and wrapped in plastic.
He sighs, looking at Dean. "No wonder you moved out after graduation." Dean says nothing, but the look on his face must speak volumes. "What?"
“Did you do something to her?” Dean asks sharply, getting out of the bed in nothing but a pair of shorts, and Castiel can’t even pretend to look away. He notes the effect time has had on Dean’s physical features: the broadening of his shoulders and thighs, the soft roundness of his face more chiselled, chin darkened by coarse hair as though he’s letting it go on purpose. Castiel has only seen him this unclothed in brief glimpses in the curve of enchanted glass, and those do not compare to seeing the trail of light hair that disappears into the jeans he pulls over his hips, before covering himself with a long-sleeved shirt.
“No, Charlie, I really am working on it. I figure the biggest obstacle right now is his living situation, and I respect that. So I started asking around, trying to find some alternate listings for him to look at, since apartments.com isn’t getting it done for him.” He whips the slightly damp bar towel over his shoulder and shoots them both a killer grin. “He just texted me that he’s signing a lease right now, for a place I suggested to him last night. He can move in on the fifteenth.”
"Oh sure, it's just Benny I have to fight for equal donut distribution."
The thirty-minute warning buzzer goes off before they pull away from each other, breathing hard, their lips red and flushed with blood, and those aren’t the only things.
," the stranger drawls with a smirk.
"It's adorable, is what."
He shakes his head to clear it.
, Sam," Dean says defensively as he finally gets to the register, even though Sam's words strike the same chord he felt the night before. "I don't force him to do things."
“Most of the time I feel like we’re on the same page.” It seems like they’re mutually existing in each other’s space with a sense of comfort, the low hum of desire like electricity moving through the air between them. “All nonverbal signs seem to point to yes, but just when I think the moment has come to make a move...” He gestures helplessly.
Cas looks at him sheepishly, and Dean is about to tell him not to be embarrassed before he gives a swift nod and turns back in the direction he came. Dean watches him go for a moment, then turns to Sam with a shrug before sitting down at the table with his books.
Dean nods, clenching his jaw. “I want to feel sorrow for them, for their passing before we were reunited, but it’s as though I’ve already mourned them.”
"She's covering someone else's shift tonight, so I guess saving lives?"
Dean's breath exhales hot against his ear before he buries his face in Castiel's neck. "It's so hot when you're bossy," he says before he rolls onto Castiel, pressing him into the mattress on his stomach and doing exactly as he was told.
I could not stop thinking about them the entire time they ran the labyrinth. I meant only to satisfy my curiosity, but the opportunity to spend more time with him presented itself and I took it, and now…” He stills, eyes staring unfocused into the distance. “Now it seems as though all the time in the world will not be enough.”
"This is nice. I still haven't decorated my place yet."
“So what is it about, if not just the hollow spot at his throat, or the divot in his chin, or…”
Dean thinks about the night he spent with Castiel, how he’d been willing to stay there forever, leave Sam and everyone else behind. How he still would. He tightens his hands on the steering wheel. He can’t do that to Sam, not now. Not ever. There has to be another way. “So, Chicago?”
"Okay, but why not just kill you outright? Why all the taunting? There's not even a discernible pattern here. Fires in abandoned buildings, then a few that were populated, and now he's writing in lighter fluid in random parking lots hoping you'll set it on fire so you can see how good his cursive is?"
"It's not like I wanted to fall for him," Cas says with a defeated sigh. "I swear I hated him last year."
He'd never be able to explain to his brother about the conversation he had with himself in that future, or how it made him remember just how much he'd enjoyed trying on Rhonda's panties in high school. He shoves all the laundry back into the basket with a grimace, glad that he'd stopped Cas before he touched any of it. He doesn't know what it would do to his libido to see Cas touching Dean's clothes, much less what would happen if he came across those panties, running them through his hand while he gave Dean a questioning look. Dean would never be able to explain that the panties weren't some conquest souvenir while simultaneously hiding the erection he was sure to get seeing those long, elegant fingers gripping the satin.
"And now that you are?"
just gets you stared at by a lot of scandalized people."
"Yeah, but a lot of it. Like a spill, maybe?"
"Of course, it's just..."
"I'm sorry!" Sam says, throwing his arms around Dean's waist to bury his face in his chest. "I was mad, I didn't mean to do it, I didn't think it was really
“Yeah.” She says it softly, an acknowledgement of an answer she already knew.
"What was that for?" Charlie asks, and he realizes he'd completely forgotten she was there.
“What have you done?” says a voice that Dean remembers despite the passage of time, and when he turns he sees the lady in her deep black gown, dotted with a universe of swirling stars.
"Gotta catch me first!"
"Fine, no emotional attachment. So it’s lust, then? Excellent, I've just won five bucks."
"I can carry at least two."
, and Dean nods, relieved when Cas shakes the guy off and moves ahead of him.
“I can, actually. It’s how I got here from my...realm.”
Castiel doesn’t answer this question, but Dean doesn’t think to ask again, plodding after his new acquaintance without complaint. He leads Dean down two flights of spiral stairs and into a dark corridor, and it feels as familiar to Dean as his own home except that this place has no life. No sconces are lit, no people guard the halls, and every room he peers into is empty.
“I’m so sorry. You don’t know how much. It’s the worst thing I’ve ever done and I…”
“You’ve been saying that for the past three years.”
“Wait. What exactly did say?”
Sure enough, there's a gap in the timber fence they've been moving parallel to, and Dean turns the Impala onto the drive leading to a fairly large house with several outbuildings visible beyond it. Dean doesn't say anything else as he navigates slowly towards the house, wincing at the numerous bumps along the unpaved road that aren't doing his suspension any favors. He sees several cars parked off to the side of the house and pulls in beside the closest one, kicking up a cloud of dust all around them despite their slow pace, and he waits a moment for it to settle before getting out of the car with Cas following his lead. Cas is in his usual attire and Dean in his favorite FBI suit, with cowboy boots and a bolo tie swapped in, and he adjusts the hat on his own head before they amble slowly up to the house, affecting an unhurried air.
She moves with an eerie grace to Dean’s side. “I cannot,” she says sadly. “The bond between us is broken, as was his wish. He took his own life, and I cannot interfere with free will.”
"What? Why? Look, I know you’re upset with me but if you’d just listen, please.” He jogs up the last few steps, placing the lamp on the floor. Castiel shakes his head frantically, rising to his feet and putting out his hands, holding Dean at bay.
“Do you think you feel drawn to him just because he was the first person you saw here?”
“I don’t want you to feel pressured to make a decision right now,” she says, looking him in the eye as she sits sideways and cross-legged on the far cushion, elbows on her knees, as though they’re talking about what movie they want to see instead of the end of everything they’ve been. “Honestly, I’ve been doing a lot of thinking these last few weeks.”
"Boys," the King says firmly. "Go back downstairs, turn on your movie. Forget about the baby."
"Knew that was gonna leave a mark," he mutters under his breath as he starts the water. He'd subdued one perp only to turn and have the other one slam a chair into his torso like they were in some kind of wrestling cage match, and he'd just leveled an irritated look at the man before knocking him out with a single punch. The guy had been huge, with a lot of weight to put behind that chair, but even so he was just a regular human. Thankfully Dean is not, or he'd have several broken ribs today instead of a lovely souvenir that aches when he raises his arms to wash his hair. Work is definitely going to be uncomfortable today.
As the night proceeds it seems that Cas is genuinely having a great time, and Dean breathes a little bit easier minute by minute. He’s content to sit back and let Charlie and Sam monopolize Cas for most of the night, holding back a secret smile at how well they all fit together.
“We’re just friends, that’s all,” he says automatically, but it feels like sawdust in his mouth, dry and bitter and out of place.
"Do you have someplace to go?" Dean finally asks, and at that Castiel glances up. "I can take you there, if you’d prefer that to staying here." He doesn't actually want Castiel to leave, as perplexing as that feeling is, but he still wants him to have a choice. Even so, he only offers because he's already fairly certain of the answer. He just needs confirmation, which he gets when Castiel shakes his head slowly from side to side. He tries not to revel in the feeling of satisfaction that flows through him.
"Well, I hope you've healed sufficiently enough for the ass beating I'm about to give you."
"Ms. Novak?" Says a muffled voice before another pounding set of blows land on the other side of the door. "Ms. Novak, are you okay in there?"
“Because my life is joyless, and food is always there for me.”
He flies across the wet sand as quickly as he can move, towards the smoking crater further down the beach. Something dark and formless lies within a hole in the sand that is several feet across, but much shallower than it should have been for the impact he knows created it. Dark objects stretch up into the sky on either side of it, ragged shapes protruding like jagged teeth, as though the sand was flung into the air on impact and frozen in place. Even up close it's hard to discern any details in the dark, and he hesitates only to gauge the residual heat before stepping down into the sandy recess, cautiously moving towards the center. It's like walking into a hot summer's day, and he strips off his outer flannel and ties it around his waist after wiping off the sweat that immediately breaks out on his forehead. He pulls his phone out of his back pocket and swipes his way to the flashlight, then fumbles and nearly drops it in the hot sand when the shape in the center is briefly illuminated. He clutches it to his chest, surprised at how rapidly it rises and falls with his own breath, how quickly his heart is beating a riotous tattoo inside his chest. He waits for a few moments, closing his eyes and trying to calm himself, before refocusing the light.
and he can't help but smile.
Cas nods. “I tend to second guess myself a lot, have too much self-doubt to act on things I want. So I’m afraid that I enjoyed all the ways they poked fun at you, because they wouldn’t have done that if there wasn’t something there to poke at, would they?”
“You said he was your brother, but not your blood.” Dean’s steps slow, processing this information. “So he’s adopted, so what?”
“Of course I went looking, you twit. He’s my king.”
He's halfway through roasting a chicken by the time Sam wanders into the kitchen, and a glance at the clock tells him it’s still early morning.
The one thing that made him shudder to learn about is the thing that still visits him sometimes in nightmares, except in those there is no Crowley to rescue them from the certainty of their fate: shut into a hole in the ground with no means of escape, alone in the dark, trapped where no one will ever know to look for them.
The door closes behind them, the latch clicking into the plate incredibly loud in the still silence. Dean turns Castiel to face him, hands moving to his hips, eyes boring into his. Castiel thought he'd be nervous in this moment, unsure, trepidatious, but those feelings are a distant memory. He feels like a mountain lake on a calm day, clear and still on the surface, but teeming with unseen things just below.
"And at least twice that to get home afterwards."
“Of course.”
"Not really, and over two years things only got worse." He stirs the brew, tapping his spoon on the lip of the mug before setting it aside, then taking an experimental sip and nodding in satisfaction in a way that Dean finds endearing. "I think I'd been in that situation for so long that it just felt...normal." He hesitates, looking guilty, like it's too intimate an acknowledgement to an old acquaintance he’s never been friends with.
"If what happened at Benny's that night didn't already mess that up for me, I'm pretty sure this situation has," Cas says glumly. "I'm so sorry, Dean. I never wanted to hurt you, I promise. I can't imagine how you must have felt when you came back to the table and I was gone."
"That's not for you."
“You can’t see things clearly when you’re so close to them. Like holding a newspaper right to the tip of your nose and trying to read the print.”
"Gilda?"
"There wasn't enough there for me to actually get
“I don’t--” she starts, then looks away as though she’s trying to access the part of her memory where that fact is stored. He holds his breath, waiting, but the look of recognition never crosses her face.
“There’s been something on my mind for a while that I need to talk to you about, from back when we were in school. It’s just, I know how important honesty is to you, after what happened with your ex.”
“How do you know so much about everyone’s business? I’ve lived here most of my life and I don’t know as much about everyone as you do.”
Castiel looks at him, and Dean marvels again at the way his eyes catch the light sometimes. He wonders what color they are in the sunlight, if they’re as bright a blue as they seem.
Castiel is spectacularly overdressed for a night-time visit to the great outdoors: billowy silk shirt with the laces loose at the throat and layered with a fitted vest, breeches clinging to his thighs, with leather boots hugging his calves so tightly that Dean is sure he needs to take them off with magic. He sits on the grass with one leg bent, the other extended, resting one arm on his knee, and Dean's gaze lingers on those long graceful fingers in their tight gloves as he gestures for him sit as well. Dean lowers himself to the grass but stretches out on his back, staring up at the pinprick of stars in the sky mixed with the yellow glow of a thousand fireflies. It’s easier to keep his eyes away.
"I can't just leave."
"What happens to them?"
“That
He barely remembers the slow journey from the crater on the beach back to the lighthouse, carrying the weight of a naked stranger in a fireman's carry while firmly not thinking about the guy's junk rubbing against him. He had traversed the ragged steps with enormous effort, not because Dean's out of shape but because the stranger is heavy, well-muscled, and probably as tall as Dean if he were to stand on his own two feet. It's not until Dean manages to get him inside that he realizes he has no idea what to do with him. He stands undecided just inside the living room, weighing the merits of letting the inert form flop onto the couch. In the end he enters John's old bedroom.
There’s no movement from across the room, but he’s rewarded with the sound of the lock clicking. He smirks, unable to help himself.
“Together? Good god, what are you talking about?”
Castiel looks at Balthazar's smug, knowing face, and sighs. "None."
"That seems to be the correct turn of phrase for someone who's only interested in conquest. I don't need Sam to tell me that."
Dean busies himself with the nightstand drawer first, pulling out several items before stretching out beside Castiel on the bed, tucking them under the pillow where he can find them again easily. Castiel turns on his side as Dean reaches for him, pulling them closer together. His hands rove over Castiel's bare skin, warming it wherever he touches, like slow coals banked for the night being whispered awake with a puff of air. Dean leans close, capturing Castiel's lips briefly, just enough to lick at the seam of them before he pulls back slightly.
It feels like asking for forgiveness.
He doesn't want Dean to see how fragile he is right now, as if he's just another life the Winchester brothers have to watch over, instead of the powerful angel that will do anything to protect them. How he's beginning to fear death, like a human. No, he needs Dean to look at him and always see a force that will stand between him and death, and right now he's too weak to put up that facade. When Castiel is far away he can feel the crest of Dean's longing like a high tide, and the way it subsides when he finally returns is all the proof he needs that Dean sees him as protection, regardless of terms like "family" and "brother.” He knows that there's no place for him in Dean's life if he can't be a shield, and he'd rather have any place than none at all.
Castiel nods slightly before forcing himself into a sitting position, groaning as he stands and stretches languorously. Dean laughs lowly as he turns off the television, then takes Castiel by the elbow, hand sliding down to circle his wrist loosely, tugging him towards the staircase and turning off lights as they pass. He gestures for Castiel to go ahead of him, placing a hand lightly on his lower back for support until they reach the top, then grasps his hand again before he flicks off the light in the hallway. They’re plunged into darkness broken only by the ghost of lamplight coming out of the open bedroom door, a beacon leading to their final destination.
“Yeah, well. College is
“All right, clear out and go back to your duties,” Missouri says in a tone that brooks no argument. “You’ll get to see our new friend at dinner, once she’s had a little time to adjust. Scoot!”
"These are certainly much more pleasurable molecules than most." Cas had looked directly at the waiter and announced "I'll take the Big Boy," and Dean had nearly knocked on the underside of the table with a very inappropriate erection. He's calmed down considerably, but watching those lips form the word
"What? You thought he stayed chaste all year, dreaming of the moment when you would touch him again like some swooning fool?"
"What
“What the hell?” he mutters under his breath, poking it with a finger and hissing at how tender it is, like a sunburn. “What did he do to me?”
Cas pinches the bridge of his nose with his free hand while taking the phone away from his ear with the other, letting it drop to his shoulder as he takes a deep, calming breath. It’s going to rain tonight, and he neglected to bring an umbrella, so if he doesn’t want to show up looking like a drowned cat he should probably accept. He counts to five before picking it the receiver again. "Fine."
Balthazar sighs, plucking a goblet from a passing tray. "I thought as much. Then you'll need to supply me with something other than wine. What sort of spirits do the humans enjoy?"
"Probably because you got a loud mouth, even when it ain't talking."
"I hope you didn't pay Crowley with anything too dear for that information," he says, noting the way her lips tighten as he sips his wine with a casual air. "They simply did not wish me to keep the child they’d given me after all, and so they ran the labyrinth to secure his return."
“Dean! Come see the...” Charlie yells as she launches herself into the cottage, only to pull up short and stare in shock at the two figures that sit upright in alarm. “Oh! I’m sorry, I um…” She stares for a moment, then smiles. “You must be Castiel.”
“I have an idea for how we can change things for everyone.”
“What makes you say that?” Dean asks Charlie, though he glances at Cas.
They return to Dean’s own bedroom, he and Balthazar supporting Castiel between the two of them, drained of all his power.
"Oh no you don't!" He reaches out quick as a flash and snags Cas by the tie, pulling him down and reeling him in like a fish.
"You mean that
"I'm in my room," he says aloud, "I'm in my bed. There is no one here but me." The last sentence is laced with disappointment, and he tries not to think about why. He whispers the mantra to himself over and over as he takes deep breaths, working to calm his racing heart. There was a time, years ago, when he would frequently wake from dreams with his blood elevated, trying to catch his breath.
"If you'd just make an effort to apologize maybe..."
"This is wonderful," he says around a mouthful of egg, using the side of his fork to cut the rest of it into pieces and shoveling another into his mouth before he's even swallowed. Dean laughs to himself, absently consuming his own food as he watches Castiel eat with the enthusiasm of a man that's lived on nothing but bread and water all his life. Maybe he has. Dean wonders if he's been living rough, wandering from place to place. How had he ended up passed out nude on the beach close to where John lost his own life? He doesn't believe that Castiel doesn't remember, but he understands that maybe he doesn't trust Dean enough yet to explain. Clearly he knows him though, or knew him once, so maybe with time Castiel will be comfortable enough to tell him more. A pleased sound makes Dean look up to find Castiel holding half a piece of bacon, his eyes closed, and he can't help but smile.
"Darkwing's on it."
"Here you go, Dean," a boy of thirteen says as he tumbles gracelessly into the room, holding out a blue plastic ring filled with gel, chilled and firm now from the freezer.
"You became an accountant?"
He means to look up at the castle, but his night-adjusted eyes catch on something else, and he walks back to the stone to run his fingers across its face.
Samandriel comes back in sweatpants, sneakers, and a hooded sweatshirt from the local university, with a black gym bag slung over his shoulder. He nods gratefully as he takes the warm mug Cas slides across the island towards him, blowing on it before holding it close to his chest.
"Face what?"
"Or Mom."
The goblin king is, once again, wearing something out of a teenager's romantic fantasy: ruffled poet shirt with the laces loose at the throat, tight fitting breeches with knee-high boots. Looking at him lying on the grass Dean feels the strongest urge to roll on top of him, to let their legs tangle and their bodies press together. He closes his eyes for a moment, trying to collect his thoughts.
"Castiel? Can you hear me?"
Chain guy approaches first, swinging the length of it around in a threatening circle that makes Dean duck back a little. "Whoa there, Gogo, somebody's gonna get hurt if you don't know how to use that thing." The Gogo wannabe lunges, and Dean takes the opportunity to snag the end of the chain on its downward arc, grateful for the padding in the fingerless gloves he wears because it only stings a bit. He yanks the chain so that the attacker's own momentum throws him off balance, then uses a well-placed elbow to knock him unconscious on his way down. He spins to take on the next one, but the guy has barely raised the wrench in the air before he gets a jab in the windpipe for his trouble, sending him to his knees with a choked sound as he struggles for breath. He notices that Bat Man has finally gotten to his feet, but when Dean glares at him he just raises his hands in the air and points to his buddy.
“Not at first, but yes, eventually. Couldn’t help myself, despite the fact that he never deigned to speak to me.”
It comes again, and this time it's apparent that the sound is coming from
Cas clenches his jaw and inhales through his nose, taking a moment to center himself, wishing for the sanctuary of Meg's smug smile and the daggers in her eyes. He glances back just long enough to catch sight of Dean Winchester through the crowd, busy filling someone else's drink order but clearly watching them.
“Holy shit,” Dean mutters, then the door opens and shuts rapidly and he knows he’s all alone. His head falls back against the chair as he tries to calm his still racing heart, but there’s nothing he can do to quell the frantic pace of his thoughts. They replay every single moment, the sound of that voice causing his imagination to apply a specific face to this stranger, one that he will obsess about in the weeks to come. The memory of this night visits him often when his sleep is restless, or his days idle, and though the frequency of its occurrence will diminish over the next fourteen years, it never truly goes away.
"I've already been five years a fool.”
“Bake?”
"Charlie, I'm a lawyer, not a doctor, and my client is well within his rights to perform Britney Spears in a public venue if he wishes."
Dean is in the third day of his self-imposed exile, staring out the small window, chewing the last of the apple tart Missouri sent with his dinner. He's been doing so while he eats each day, watching for the dragon in the distance, observing its movements. He cannot reconcile the creature he sees with the Castiel he knows, the soft lips and bright eyes that haunt his dreams. He thinks he may be going mad.
“Charlie!”
He doesn't adhere much to his manners as he eats, talking with his mouth full as he recites all the things he accomplished during the day, the things he plans to work on tomorrow.
"That'll do," the man says, reaching up to snatch it from Dean's hand, holding it up to the light, twisting it this way and that before slipping it into a pocket. "Come on, lads, light's a wasting."
Dean looks around the room, where everyone's attention is glued to his large screen TV. "I don't see Cas here now."
"Yeah, well." It doesn't hurt to hear. He already knows it's not something Cas thinks about. So it doesn't feel at all like there's a knife twisting in his gut. Nope. "He's still an angel, can't have you getting the wrong impression or anything, thinking he was doing inappropriate things with a mud monkey." It's probably gas, this sharp pain.
He puts all that aside now as they finally enter the throne room of the castle only to find it empty, a single staircase winding upwards the only exit. He knows Sam is right behind him as he runs to the top of it, but when it opens to a confusing room full of mirrored doorways and twisting stairs he sees that he and Sam have been separated somehow, and far below them is the prize they've come for: Adam.
"Why are you really here, Dean?" Cas says in defeat, not even turning to look at him. He's not upset when no response is forthcoming. It's no more than he expected, and he's sure that when he finally summons the courage to face Dean again he will find him feigning sleep rather than answer.
"Okay, I was out in high school so that would hardly be a surprise, I’m hardly a hotshot, and no, he didn't fawn over me."
"No reason."
“Did you bully him?”
He places his hands on the railing, the cold metal biting into his palms and assuring him he's awake, even though what he’s looking at seems unreal.
"Why bring me to this place? Why not just burn me alive in there?" he says defiantly, hands clenching into fists at his sides. "Is that what happened to all the people buried under those stones? Did you kill them for trying to escape?"
“He wouldn’t readily admit it, but I think so. Especially when it comes to me.”
“And it will still be a better lover than you are.”
“What? No, it’s not, why would you think that?”
He doesn’t miss the tense. “I’m sorry.” Rufus leans forward, reaching into his back pocket to pull out his wallet, flipping it open to a single photograph of a pretty girl with a big smile in a graduation cap and gown, holding a prop diploma up to her heart, the standard issue photo for every high school senior.
She comes close enough to wrap an arm around his waist, holding the umbrella above them both, heedless of the way his drenched coat soaks the sleeveless black dress she wears. For a moment he holds firm, all the things that went wrong between them stiffening his spine, but the comfort of the familiar wins in the end; he wraps his arms around her shoulders, burying his face in the curls of her hair, and lets himself be held.
“Yeah. That’s when I started wondering what parts of my life were really an illusion.”
“That’s not…”
"I'm fine, Sam."
She shrugs, returning to the linen cloth of blackberries and taking her time to choose one. “Everyone here has nightmares, it must be an entry requirement.”
"It's nothing. It's stupid." His fingers loosen, and Cas glances up at him before he gently unfurls them, flattening them out as he gazes solemnly at the tiny button in Dean's hand. He looks at it for a long time, holding Dean's hand, tracing the pulse point at his wrist with his thumb.
Thinking of Sam makes him pull his phone from his back pocket. He's tempted to go up to the gallery to make the call, but the freezing temperature is a deterrent. He's gone twelve steps down the spiral stairs, trailing his free hand along the railing, before his brother picks up the phone.
“Where?”
“I’ve missed you, too.”
"Ow, what?"
“Invested. Time.” If she can hear that he says it through gritted teeth, she shows no sign of it. “How much do you actually know?”
"Shit, we better get a move on," he says, walking rapidly towards the car. "Come on!"
. As I see it, the only way to combat that is to put on your finery and come to the ball, where we shall eat and drink and dance and be merry. As we do."
"Well, then. You cut while I go get out of this robe and put the card away."
It's something that's always been understood between them, but never put into words. Hearing Sam say it aloud brings a prickling sensation behind his eyes.
“Clarence, listen to me. This guy, whatever-his-name-is-since-you-still-refuse-to-tell-me, is clearly someone important to you. If you feel like you did something you need to apologize for, then do it. It was a really long time ago, and clearly you regret it. Those are all points in your favor.”
“Christ, Sam, talk about being undecided.”
Dean sits down heavily, crossing his arms on the table. "I just don't know
"What are you...is that an Instant Pot?"
"Cas Novak is a new contestant this year, so let's give him a warm welcome!" he announces to the crowd, which whoops with enthusiasm. Cas ducks his head shyly as a blush creeps up his neck, and Dean lets the mic drop as he admires that for a moment. He catches Bobby giving him a look out of the corner of his eye, and stands up straight. "Cas is making a pecan pie, and I'm pretty excited about that, since you all know I consider pie to be one of
"This wouldn't happen if you had a partner, you know."
However, his lack of attention to his own fight is giving his opponents a false sense of superiority. He manages to pull his mind back to the task at hand and give them both his singular focus, and it must show on his face because both of them pause mid-swing.
"Speaking of gifts..."
“Jesus
“How? The only thing you can do is run the labyrinth again and look for him on the way.”
"What did you mean, about his friend?"
"Let the civilian go," Cas says, his tone forceful and angry, and it's kind of fucking hot if not for the fact that Cas is going to get his ass kicked by this dude and...
“So which Heather are you?” Dean laughs at the squint-eyed look Castiel gives him. “Nothing, it’s from a movie. And no,” he says when Castiel opens his mouth, “I will not explain the entire plot to you because you want to change the subject. We’ve been talking about me for years, we’re talking about you now.” Castiel crosses his arms with a petulant look, and Dean grins back at him. “You don’t seem much like a social butterfly, honestly.”
"No, don't tease him! He has a terrible poker face and you'll ruin the surprise." Ben grins at him. "Mom's gonna have a really nice Christmas."
“I did not think I could love you more, sir, than in this moment. Is there bread?”
“It will soon be
"Yeah, yeah, yeah. What have you been up to?"
Castiel nods rapidly, then utters a ragged acknowledgement that turns into a pleasured moan as Dean's finger sinks in to the last knuckle.
“But you have tons of friends! You would always tell me all about them, and all the study groups and get-togethers and parties…”
"Definitely not a no."
The first full day of the lighthouse renovation project starts with Dean waking up on the couch with a sore back and a stunning impression of Murtaugh as he mutters "I'm too old for this shit" under his breath, fingers digging into his cramped muscles as he stumbles into the kitchen to make coffee. As soon as he presses the button he makes a beeline for his old bedroom, stripping all the old bed linens to be washed, somewhat surprised when they don't crumble to ashes in his hands. He spends fifteen minutes coughing during this exercise, and after shoving everything in the old but trusty washing machine he masks up to tackle the rest. He's filled an entire trash bag by the time the coffee is ready, determined not to spend any time reminiscing about whatever discarded memories he finds. He hasn't needed anything in this room for fifteen years, so it's easy to take the clinical approach. He pauses for a quick breakfast and a cup of coffee, and throws the miraculously still intact sheets into the dryer before finding the ancient vacuum exactly where he last saw it. He takes a moment to wonder if John ever used it, then hauls the heavy thing after him.
He can see the muscle in Sam’s jaw clench, even on screen. “You still going over there for dinner every Sunday like a good son?”
"Oh, I don't have any other friends now? You and Ash are what, just coworkers?"
"Thank you, um. You never told me your name."
“About time you got back,” Rufus grumbles before walking away without any further argument. Dean watches him go with his hands on his hips, then shakes his head to turn to their visitor.
"Hello, Dean."
"I know, and I did," Sam sighs. "But I get the feeling you didn’t, and you’ve never told me why."
"Maybe we should open the whiskey first."
She sits with him in her lap, rocking him gently and caressing his hair. He grasps at her tightly, his hands clenching fistfuls of her dress.
"This is not happening. It's like every nightmare I had in puberty about my dad having the sex talk with me."
“Of course it does,” she says, the accusation in her tone softening. “I don’t understand what’s happened to me. How I got here, why I can’t remember, or why
For the first time in six years, Castiel wants to be anywhere but where Dean is. “Do you wish to rescind our agreement and leave the fate of your brothers in my hands?” He does not know what he will do if Dean says yes, not because he has any intention of taking Sam and Adam anywhere, but because Dean will not be the person he thinks he is if he does.
“I think you mean
Sam nods, looking at his hands. "Are you mad at me for what happened?"
theme, and the result is a lot of random people who've never spoken to him before wishing him a happy birthday as the day goes on. At lunch he wraps Charlie in a hug so tight she squeals, then punches him lightly in the ribs.
"It just...I've been a priest for ten years, and devout for much longer than that, but I've never felt the type of ecstasy in God's presence that Bernini depicts on Teresa of Avila's face. Not once. Only you make me feel that."
He opens his mouth to sass her back but the words don’t come, tears springing to the corners of his eyes instead, and he puts his head on his folded arms in frustration. “You wait here,” she says, her tone softer, and he doesn’t move when she gets up from the table.
“Are you...are you asking me to choose between moving in with you, or moving in with Rufus and Bobby to help out after his stroke?”
"Bone broth."
"What the actual..."
“You can set us down any time now!”
“You’re right about that.”
--  and Cas just holds his arms out helplessly again in a
The man falls down with a startled
"How what feels?"
"The Lisa break up still stings, huh? Thought you were over her. What was that, three years ago?" Charlie nods in the affirmative.
"Well, that won't be for a while yet."
"It reminded me of my family's solar, and the tapestry that hung there. My father told me the story of it once, but the dragon was always my favorite part."
He can’t bring himself to open his eyes until he feels the blessed brush of earth underneath the soles of his feet, and he stumbles a few feet when Cas finally lets him go.
“I should have gone home tonight. I shouldn’t have accused you of doing anything to hurt Cassie. And I shouldn’t have used the ‘k’ word.”
“Well, clearly he got over himself, because now all he does is talk to you. Do you think I can’t hear your phone blowing up all day? I can easily discern the sound of a text vibration against the mahogany of your desk.”
Castiel looks away, and Dean stares at the outline of his lips, barely able to believe they’re not really there.
Dean shakes his head. “You’re sure he never went back to the castle?”
"Lifesaver, thanks." Dean takes it gratefully with one hand, cradling the baby in his other arm as it wails, gently inserting one end of the ring into his mouth and letting the coolness touch his sore gums. It takes a few minutes, but eventually Adam reaches up to clasp the ring himself, chewing on it with enthusiasm. Dean sinks with relief into the rocking chair in the corner.
"Besides, the boys that run the place are as handsome as they are charming," Ms. MacLeod continues, leaning over Dick's lap to speak to Cas. "I am quite partial to the Cajun Ribeye if you like a bit of bite."
"Well?"
“He did seem very happy to learn that Dean was bi, so that’s promising.”
He should feel relieved at the clarification, but what washes over him tastes more like disappointment, bitter and chalky.
"And I can't believe you didn't just tell me that I don't need to make the Superhero Grindr app because it will be much easier for me to make a tracker for you to surreptitiously attach to your new friend."
“Why are you acting like this? This isn’t like you.”
"Yes. As we always do. Just the same, each and every time. It's boring."
days." He eyes Dean suspiciously. "Anything else happen to keep you up last night?"
"Isn't it obvious?" He laughs, holding his arms wide. "Once I narrowed down your location, I realized how much potential there was in establishing this as the base of this little operation, for precisely the reason you chose it. It’s so far from any prying eyes." He brings his arms down, face somber and gaze dark as it lands on Dean. "Now. Why don't you put the blades away and let me escort you and your friend back to your little room until it's time for us to go."
“I don’t know. It was different before -- I was just a child then, and there was something about him that made me feel safe. Then, when I got older and realized what he was, I felt betrayed. I think more than anything I was scared, and it was convenient to use that betrayal as a reason to stay away.”
“What are those?”
"Not at all," Dean says, and it's the first of many lies he will tell his brother, and himself, about their experience in the labyrinth. Dean can still remember every twist and turn of their adventure with a startling clarity, even those parts that he wishes he could forget.
“Hey, can I talk to you about something? It’s...awkward.”
me to. To want you." Cas is shaking his head, and every far-fetched hope Dean has ever harbored falls to his feet and shatters on the hard-packed ground. He sighs and puts his hands on his hips, shuffling his boot into the dirt. "I sound like I'm quoting Cheap Trick. Although," he says thoughtfully, staring off into the distance, "it's not like that would be totally off base. All in all it's pretty apt."
"I could," Dean drawls, turning back with his phone already in hand, and Cas finds himself grinning like a fool under his mask. "And I could always text you back once you give me your number, so you can entertain me on the rest of my route with that story."
Balthazar strides to the wardrobe, throwing it open dramatically. "Let's see, shall we?" He begins tossing articles of clothing on the bed, and Castiel finally drags himself off the balcony.
"Oh really, and what do you call yourself, Handsome?"
“Like what?”
Cas shrugs. "I'm not blameless either. I've spent the last week coming to terms with the fact that I didn’t actually love him -- although I think I tried to, in the beginning."
“Noted.”
Castiel had never showed then, or any night since.
He leaves the room quickly, not venturing further to inspect the rest of that floor, knowing he’ll only find more of the same. He runs down the staircase, practically tumbling down the corridors in his haste, and pulls himself through the barricade so quickly that he scrapes his elbows in the process. He avoids Missouri as he passes through the kitchen, circumventing the stables and finding his way to the laundry house. Ellen is outside, hanging a neat row of linens with her back to him, and Dean breathes a sigh of relief when he goes inside to find Mildred all alone, sewing a tear in someone’s tunic.
Monday. Dean had been doing laundry late on Sunday night. He starts to smile to himself, but then thinks about the look on Cas's face when he took off, right after Dean told him 'It's weird to think of you touching my skivvies." It must have told Cas pretty definitively that Dean was unreceptive to the idea of Cas ever getting his hands in Dean's pants. He ruffles Jack's hair as he stands up.
"Man, you weren't kidding when you said things were really slow." Sam sits back in his chair, lacing his fingers together over his stomach. "Maybe all the smarter criminals in the area have decided it's not worth the trouble to run into you and are moving to a different feeding ground?"
“Because that would mean that she didn’t leave us by choice?”
"Good," Cas says breathlessly. "Because I want to examine that ass a lot more when it's healed."
Those blue eyes jump to his, widening a bit on a sharp intake of breath, and Dean feels as though he’s been pinned to a board. He squirms a bit under the intensity of that gaze, but not uncomfortably so.
"Hang on, let me get the other side..."
Nothing to do but wait. Wait, and see.
Suddenly the bank of fluorescent lights high overhead come on with a buzz, and the entire space turns bright as day. They instinctively drop into a crouched position, hiding within the stacks of weapons, but they know they’ve been seen when they hear the sound of slow clapping.
“I felt it!”
"Right. What other leads do you want to look at?"
So his lips part in surprise when Dean speaks.
He wants to protest, but he thinks of fitted breeches and knee-high leather boots, the feel of a kidskin glove on his fingertips, and reconsiders.
Dean sits up to glare at him, purple and green sky doing nothing to soften the anger on his face. “Fine, then it was only a choice between the lesser of two evils: lifelong imprisonment in the goblin realm for my brothers, or yearly visits with my adult imaginary friend."
written in a sloppy script across the top with an envelope propped up against the serving plate.
Cas just hums as he applies antiseptic to Dean's right ass cheek, then covers it with a bandage before planting a kiss right above it. Dean turns his head to the side when he hears rustling, watching as Cas removes his trench coat, his jacket, then each successive stitch of clothing down to a pair of pedestrian white boxer shorts that are somehow exactly what Dean was expecting even if he was unprepared to find them sexy. Cas stretches out next to him on the bed, leaning in to kiss his forehead.
“That’s definitely gotta be a black mark in Dean’s books,” Bobby mutters. “Burning pie is a cardinal sin.”
Dean feels a sense of smug satisfaction when Cas shows up in the nick of time to smite the demons attacking them in the cabin, and tries not to bite his lip as Sam and Bobby both offer their sincerest apologies. But Cas slips, makes a comment that gives him away, and Dean knows that something's not right. Even so, he's sure there's an explanation, something he hasn't thought of yet. There must be.
“What’s stopping you, really?” Sam asks, soft and sincere in the way he only gets when he’s really concerned. “It’s not just waiting for him to move, is it?”
“How?”
“You see the world that I see, and you don't try to fix me.” -
Sam doesn’t answer right away, and Dean starts to feel self-conscious under his gaze, cursing his little brother’s perceptiveness.
“Right.”
It turns in his direction, the light from the opening of the oubliette falling on its face, and Castiel falls onto his knees.
"I don’t understand."
"Can't wait." Dean ruffles his hair before Ben can push him away and stick out his tongue.
Dick shrugs his shoulders and straightens his tie, maintaining a highly dignified air even as he walks away, but he doesn’t get very far before the entire group erupts into laughter.
“Buuuuuut…”
Sam nods his head, as though it’s the answer he expected. “Why?”
“I’d like to tell you he’s been warped by grief and circumstance, but truth be told he was a son-of-a-bitch even then.” Bobby laughs, light and easy despite the subject, and Dean cracks a grin. “I had to learn to live in a world without my legs and without Karen, and he had his own crosses to bear. It took a while, but we helped each other get past it -- and then we stopped hoping for anything else. Now we’re a couple of washed up old men, racing each other to the grave as slowly as possible.”
"Get away from me, Dean." The words are harsh but the tone isn't, and it gives Dean pause. It's a plea, not a command, and he frowns in confusion as Cas's eyes dart behind him, then up, then back to his face. "You shouldn't have followed me."
“Excuse me? The acceptable mourning period after a breakup is one day for each month of dating. We had two months before you broke up with me on a Friday, and I didn’t start dating Lisa until Tuesday. In the afternoon!”
"No, but I could have, and it sounds like you
and…” He trails off, shaking his head as if to clear it. “I hadn’t had anyone to talk to in so long.”
Cas doesn't answer right away, and Dean is about to tell him to leave, to go and never come back, when he finally whispers a single, strangled word.
“Yeah, he mentioned when I took Cas around to introduce him to everybody.”
“This
"More like didn't even notice it until this morning."
In the distance a bright star twinkles furiously, as if in delight.
"Well, it seems to me like we're stuck here for a while, so I might as well ask about the things I really want to know."
* * *
"Which part?” She says, giving him a sly look that he pretends not to see. “That the sex would be good, or that it might be ages before you get laid again?" He tries to keep a flat affect, but Meg has learned to read him too well these last few years. “What are you hiding? What happened last night?”
“Cas!” Dean takes him by the shoulders, giving him a slight shake. “I don’t think we’re on the same page, here.”
“Have you always been alone?” His voice is thick with sorrow, and he swallows around the lump in his throat.
Coughing, he walks out onto the empty balcony, observing that the same is true of the opposite one. He leans on the balustrade, observing the grounds below. From here he can see all of the Shadowlands: the inner bailey with buildings of various industry, then the stone cottages built where the outer bailey would have been in Concordia. The orchards and pastures beyond the dwellings are a colorful patchwork encircled by the silent stones, and beyond that the forbidden forest. They expand out from the mountain castle like ripples on the water, concentric circles teeming with life, the people milling about with different daily tasks.
“Yes, you can. I wouldn’t let you go by yourself the first time and look how that turned out. I can find him, I know I can.” Sam takes him by the arm, pulling him aside to whisper in his ear as Eileen comes back in the room with a canvas shopping bag, clinking lightly as she hands it to Balthazar.
"Well, to be honest I haven't actually settled on one yet, which is why it's important for me to try out new material in every fight. I just know I'm gonna hit on the right one eventually." He hears sirens come on in the distance, but they're still some distance away.
“You don’t seem like yourself,” Castiel observes when Dean doesn’t immediately drop his hand, still staring out at the vast ocean all around them, phosphorescent sea life aglow like lanterns in the dark. “What is the matter?”
"You were just a kid," she signs back, also talking out loud for Dean's benefit. "Kids are idiots."
"Yeah, Dean, what kind of supplies?" Sam gives him a knowing look.
An old pacifier Dean doesn’t recognize and a baby sock he does. Three locks of hair, blond and dark blonde and brown, each in a large curl tied off at one end with a bit of string and wrapped in a piece of fragile tissue paper. Pictures, faded with age and worn along the edges, and Sam stares at one of the four of them for a long time. It’s the closest they’ll ever get to John Winchester telling them he loved them, silently, with a shoebox.
It’s still early afternoon by the time they each give him a much gentler hug and take their leave. Dean is drawn back upstairs, leaning against the doorway for a while, but watching Castiel sleep is like a drug that pulls him into the bedroom. He doesn’t wake through Dean’s removal of his boots (which he is now
“Does it really count as a crush if you were so deeply in denial you used all your power to pretend otherwise?” He winces at Charlie’s quizzical look. "You ever think back to how dumb you were in high school?"
"Hey now!"
The air has turned from chilly to downright frosty by the next time he decides to trek up to the top, but he's been cooped inside all day with a hammer and nails, and desperately wants to get the cloying scent of sawdust out of his nostrils. The moment he steps onto the gallery, a sense of calm and relief washes over him, and he takes several bracing breaths before turning his face up to the sky.
None of them move for a moment, and he surveys them casually with a smug smile, waiting until...there. Back left.
Dean fidgets, looking for a distraction, but it’s 2:30 on a Thursday afternoon and there’s hardly anybody in the whole restaurant, much less the bar. He sighs.
The air is much calmer tonight, and he picks out his favorite star with ease before he lowers himself to sit with his legs dangling out from under the lowest guardrail, the way he used to when he was a teenager.
"Not quite. Five fifty."
He squints his eyes against the pain, but suddenly that takes a back seat as the realization that he's bound to a chair runs up to cut to the front of the line. He moves the tips of his fingers slightly, just enough to run the pads of them over the coils that are binding his wrists to the arms of a chair. Nylon, quarter inch, feels like a soft braid...
The city has a surreal quality at night, Cas thinks as he stands in front of the restaurant watching a succession of snowflakes fall through the arc of a streetlight's glow, spiraling down and down until it touches the sidewalk, both its destination and its demise. He wonders if any of it will start to stick by the time he gets home, fantasizing about a weekend huddled in blankets and sipping hot chocolate with a warm body for company.
It’s snowing slightly as Cas gets out of the cab in front of
“Only when he’s thinking long-term,” Bobby mutters, and that’s when Cas finally lifts his head, surprise on his features as he stares at Bobby before glancing at Dean.
"Oh. I see." Cas clears his throat but doesn't say anything else as they walk, and Dean gives him a curious look.
"It sounds like it will be a nice place to raise a family," Castiel says, eyes taking in the ladder that leads up into the lantern room, to a light that hasn't been lit for decades. "Is that..." He trails off, eyes darting around the room as though he's trying to focus on anything but Dean. "Is that what you're planning to do once you've finished it? Start a family?"
Suddenly a light flares up in the distance, and he throws his arms up to shield his face from the shock of brightness. It's far off, but even so he can feel the heat, and he peers over his arms to see what it is.
“Young lady, I told you we don’t need to be buying no goddamn ad.” Rufus isn’t yelling, but the dismissive tone in his voice carries all the way to the back door of the shop as Dean comes in, deftly carrying two takeout bags and a drink carrier as he shoves the door shut with his foot. He looks at Bobby, sitting behind a spacious desk in the corner balancing their books, years of practice letting him tune Rufus out as he deftly punches numbers into an adding machine, stubbornly double-checking what Excel has already done for him.
"Right. Because angels should have those."
Jack and Cas both nod thoughtfully.
“Disaster bisexual, one hundred percent.” She’s nodding in acknowledgement. “It took me forever to make you believe that Gordon was trying to fuck you. Although, he was such an asshole that I would have denied that, too, if I were you.”
“Your sarcasm is going to be the only thing warming your bed if you do this.”
"Working?"
“Aw, this means it’ll almost be your three-month anniversary when he moves into his new place. What’s the traditional gift for three months? It’s not paper, is it?”
The idle time Cas has between finishing work and being able to log off is both a blessing and a curse: he’s definitely less stressed out about work than he’s ever been, but more anxious about the state of the world in general. He spends his downtime doom scrolling through various news feeds, researching different topics, or looking into causes to donate money to. That, at least, he can still do. He also visits Amazon a lot, even while loathing himself a little each time. It’s just too easy to get lost in the various departments, browsing products he didn’t even know existed, and some that he finds he actually needs. It’s not his fault if Buzzfeed has extremely helpful articles all the time about cool products, sprinkled in among the extraordinarily strange quizzes that tell him he’s actually Belle from Beauty and the Beast based on what kinds of dessert he’s chosen.
"That is absolutely untrue."
"This," Castiel says, shoving the other half in his mouth and grabbing another piece with his free hand. "This makes me very happy."
Not because he wants to get away from Cas.
"Nothing." Castiel holds up the nail gun and quirks an eyebrow at Dean. "Show me how to use this."
“Your Majesty,” Crowley says, entering the room. “It is wonderful to see you again.”
"How long does this self-flagellation usually take?" Eileen asks him thirty minutes later, her eyes following Sam as he paces back and forth on the small balcony that juts out from their apartment, muttering to himself and flailing his hands about. He’d stood up from the table after Dean talked about the deal he had to make, excusing himself from the room and  leaving Eileen and Dean to clean up after dinner in companionable silence.
"No." He bats it away, and Castiel drops his torch to the floor where it sputters but continues to burn, casting a sickening shadow on the walls. "You can't be serious."
His grace feels depleted, and he can't draw on it enough to heal the ache in all his limbs. He tries to sit up before realizing that he's in a cocoon that seems to be made of every blanket that exists in the bunker. He's only managed to work one arm out of it when a head pops in through the open bedroom door.
Dean wonders idly how much a new microphone costs, because he’s pretty sure he’s going to vomit all over this one before the end of the day.
"It's not for you either. You're beneath him now, Dean, damned for all time. He won't even look at you, not like I will." Crowley hooks his fingers into Dean's belt loops, pulling him closer. "I'm going to do things to you he would never dream of."
“It can’t be,” Dean whispers in the dark, but in his heart he knows better. There’s a surety in him that he’s felt ever since that first night on the beach, despite every argument his brain made to the contrary: that Cas belongs here. With him.
"Dean," Cas says solemnly, but when Dean looks up to meet his gaze there's a twinkle in his eye and a mischievous grin doing its best to take over his lips. "How did you have me on the list if I forgot to mail in the form and my registration fee?"
"Not just yet." Dean winks over his shoulder as they climb the stairs. "I have you all to myself this weekend, and all night to wear you out. First we're going to relax."
“It doesn’t exactly fit in the overhead compartment. Besides, you put most of the books in the donate pile.”
"Because I love making him say 'chupacabra', it makes me laugh every time."
"I thought you had fun?"
"Of course not. I'm not always in your presence."
"No one you know. At least I don't think so. Does the name Castiel ring a bell?"
“Dean, that’s…” The excitement in Castiel’s voice fades, and he looks away as the meaning of her arrival sinks in. “Does she…” he begins, but Dean just shakes his head. “I’m sorry.” Sorry that there’s another prisoner in this place, another person untethered from even the memory of the life they knew before. A person that Dean knows, who no longer knows him at all.
"Right, sorry." They regard one another across the empty expanse of the room. Dean opens his mouth, the question he's burning to ask on the tip of his tongue before he clamps down on it and looks away.
"Yes, it is. It's how you find out what you need to know to help people, even if they don't know it." Cas smiles softly, and Dean clenches his hand into a fist before it can reach up to stroke those lips. "It's not just your persona that they're drawn to, either. They want you to like them. They
“How come I’m not Lawrence?”
you risk so much to save me?"
"Why?" Cas turns his head, his face quizzical, as though he genuinely doesn't understand.
"They say hindsight is twenty-twenty for a reason."
a surprise. I never imagined that I would come up.”
Dean smiles, putting the car in reverse and twisting in his seat to back out of the space. "Just tell me where to go," he says, winking at Cas before he turns his eyes forward again, but a quick glance in the mirror shows a soft smile on Cas's face that warms Dean from within.
His dad skips the ceremony, claiming he can't get out of work, but Sam and Kate are there to cheer from the bleachers. He can see Adam, sitting on Kate's lap, clapping his hands with glee even though he has no idea what all the excitement is about. The ceremony seems to take forever, but when it's finally done and Dean holds his diploma it feels like he's climbed a mountain.
"Of course, allow me." He takes the menu away from him and hands both to the server. "Two bacon double cheeseburgers, fries, and another round of beers when the food is ready." He's puzzled by the look on Cas's face as the waiter leaves, and he nervously sips from his beer, worried he made the wrong call. "What?"
"I want more data, don't conflate the two things."
"So what? Kool-Aid sounds better. Don't get me off the subject."
"You know," Dean says on an autumn night turned cool, "I've been here now longer than I was ever in my homeland." They’re leaning with their backs against the wall by the hearth, looking out the windows at a moonless sky crowded with stars, and Dean is painfully aware of Castiel’s fingers just a few inches from his own. It’s been months now, this hyper awareness of Castiel’s proximity to him, of wanting to touch and being afraid to try. "Do you miss it?" Castiel asks for the first time in many years.
know crowded by the staircase. In the hallways at school they were always easy to spot, travelling in a pack of matching green jackets with a giant yellow "C" on the back. He knows them because
They'd talked movies and board games and the Whedonverse in general, topics he'd never imagined Dean would be interested in. When they were young Dean was always cocksure in a way that made him bristle, at first disgusted with the way girls flocked after him, then envious of the attention he paid to them while being angry at himself for falling into the same trap. Maybe this way he can get some closure for the old high school crush that he is definitely not still harboring.
He debates calling Jody to have her come out here to look at the stranger and file a report, but he quickly realizes that he's already dismissed the thought. Dismissed it subconsciously during the journey back here, in fact, because then the mystery would no longer be his to solve. Jody would borrow some clothes from him and take the stranger away in an old shirt and ill fitting pair of sweatpants, to the  county hospital to be evaluated. Then he'd just be sent somewhere else, and Dean would never get to ask all the questions clamoring for space in his throat.
enjoy."
He doesn’t look at them as he tells the story, Sam signing it all for Eileen as he speaks, but Dean notices Sam’s hesitation when he explains things he’s never heard before: the way he was drawn to Castiel, the fever dream of the masquerade when he ate the peach, and especially what happened when the clock struck thirteen after they were separated.
. It wants you to be free, Dean, even if it can’t follow.”
"Yeah," John says, tossing his keys onto the counter. "His friend Kevin's mother called to ask if she could take them to that new Bond movie, even though it's a school night, since it's Sammy's birthday and all."
“He said he couldn’t pass beyond the barrier, how can he get into the castle?”
"That one is Gabriel.” Bobby pulls an apple out of a bag hanging on a wall peg. “King of where, exactly?"
frightening.”
“I wanted to but, well.” He turns away from her to move beer around in the coolers. "He was long gone by the time I got up the nerve. Apparently he left the day after graduation for some summer internship, hundreds of miles away. I never saw him again."
"Well, you're probably not wrong about that part," Dean agrees sadly. "I haven't heard from Rhonda at all since we broke up, not once. Every other girl I've ever been with was a fleeting encounter, meeting up once or twice while the carnival was in town, and I sure never heard from any of them ever again."
Many hours later, they lie together in Castiel’s vast bed in his castle room, skin against skin as their naked limbs tangle together amongst the scattered bedclothes. Dean is tracing the tip of a single finger over the planes of Castiel’s chest, circling a nipple as it passes, then skimming along the ribs and back up again. Castiel hums with pleasure, sated for the moment but still  hungry. Never before has he tasted a lover and wanted more of them, desired to sink into them for days on end and learn every means at his disposal to bring them pleasure.
Dean shuts his eyes against the memory, then passes beyond the stones.
"Who are you?" Sam is practically shouting, hands clenching into fists about to strike. "What are you doing here?"
"Dean."
"How long?" He looks up, and for the first time Dean lets himself actually see everything he's been looking for in those striking eyes.
“I can take it from here, then,” Dean says with a calm he doesn’t feel. Balthazar turns to face him, bag of whiskey clutched to his chest, and Dean tries not to laugh out loud at the contrast of his regal outfit offset by a canvas bag decorated with cartoonish produce and emblazoned with
Sam and Jack are knocking on the door of his room as he pulls into the lot, and he curses under his breath.
“Team Jacob?”
"Can you keep a lid on it please? We have hours of highly public interaction ahead of us and I don't need you distracted by the hot new contestant."
“And their memories?”
"Christmas," Dean sighs. "That's good." He runs a hand over his face. "I hated the idea that you were witnessing my humiliation earlier tonight."
Walking back out to the Impala, he gets behind the wheel and turns the button over in his fingers, now warm from the heat of his own body.
comfort, so out of fairness he will absolutely start one -- as soon as he thinks of a single item to add to it.
“Incredible.” Vic says, hand over his heart. “How are you still friendly with all of them?”
"You have me. You could have had me before, if you just..."
"I just wanted to let you know, so that you don't think the worst when you don't see me any longer."
"I'm sure none of my enemies would be repelled by pillows."
“Ugh, I’d forgotten all about him.”
“I would have brought you anyway, child. You would have died there, in a fire, but your request only made it so that you needn’t suffer first, and could retain your past.”
“Shouldn’t the nerd closet be a wardrobe?” Cas muses.
"Until we come up with better names than 'molted crab skin' or 'soft shell taco' then yes, it's Panthera."
"My little brother went to law school, too. He's a public defender, though."
It takes just over twenty minutes for him to reach the long, winding dirt drive that leads through the salvage yard to the house at the back of the property, which he bypasses to park in the discreet spot Dean set up for him. He's barely out of the car and suddenly Dean is there, his body warm as it presses Castiel back against the cold metal of the car door as he kisses him.
"No," Dean says quickly, and Castiel opens his eyes in shock. "No more manipulation, Castiel. At least, not beyond transportation to stunning places. I've seen a lot of weird things on earth, but nothing like this."
stop speaking in memes and go see if the judges are here yet?"
"In the two years that you've been living together or since the beginning? Because either one is gonna take some math."
“I don’t think so.”
“A friend, huh?” The voice on the other end sounds bored. “Well, he’s not here. He left for New York right after graduation, to start his summer internship at Columbia.” There’s an odd clinking sound, like glass hitting glass, and liquid pouring. “Seems like his friends would know that.”
“Even?”
“Dad?”
“He the protective type?”
“Team Big Brothers?” Sam asks hopefully, holding out his fist. Dean grins, bumping it with his own.
“I don’t know why, considering how well I’ve dealt with discovering your secrets in the past.”
He clenches the pen in his fist and breathes out through his nose. “I’m not finished here yet.”
Castiel shrugs.
Dean drops his brush, cursing as it falls to his feet, sawdust clinging to the damp bristles like magnets. “Everything okay out there?” He’s been listening to these two yell at one another for years now, but he’s never heard alarm in Rufus’ voice before. He heads to the storefront and trots up the nearest aisle until he can see Rufus kneeling on the floor, and one look at Bobby’s slack-jawed face makes Dean pick up the phone and dial 911.
His palms are sweating as he writes down the number the man rattles off on a scrap of paper, thanking him before he hangs up, but Sam yells up the stairs before he can dial.
He sighs, placing the beers on a nearby tray. "I've been thinking about it all day, actually, but there's nothing I can do to change the past. What I
Just then the door to the kitchen swings open, and Dean backs into the bar area with a tray full of glasses, a smile blossoming over his face when he turns to see Cas, though it falters minutely when he catches who’s next to him.
?" he says in sing-song, grinning wickedly when Dean gives him a pointed look. Damn kid, he could always read Dean like a book.
"I try not to. There was a
"Not if he has any sense," Balthazar says, and Castiel throws the crystal in his direction, hitting the doorframe where it bursts, showering him with tiny white feathers instead of glass. "That's the kind of thing I'm talking about. Impulse control. You should learn some if you ever want to be anything but a tyrant in that boy's eyes."
"Someone I went to high school with, obviously."
They visit Patience and talk about the sticky toffee pudding she’s working on without incident, and he hopes that maybe they finally got the hint as the little group moves to where Ben is working.
It’s not just that his looks are striking, though that’s certainly part of it. Even after several hours too long in his suit, with a shadow of stubble creeping over his jaw, his features are animated and his eyes shockingly bright under the fluorescents. One side of his mouth curls up in a subtle smile whenever he likes something Dean has to say, and sometimes his eyes crinkle when he laughs outright in a way that makes his breath catch.
"I can't see you, but I know you're there,” he taunts. Someone shy, obviously, and he suspects it might be Anna. "Show me what you've got." He hears a deep intake of breath before the shuffle of shoes across the carpeted floor, hesitant but coming closer.
Dean blinks at the screen, trying to glean pertinent information from the article there. "A string of livestock deaths out in the desert? Not sure I follow."
“Dude, I’ve been standing here for like ten minutes, and you’ve walked in six circles. You’re going to wear a track into the carpet. What’s wrong?”
"Your expectations of me were quite exhausting, as I recall."
"What?" She practically shrieks, and Dean has to gesture for her to keep her voice down, although it seems like there's enough chatter that no one has noticed. "That poor boy! I hope he rejected you outright.”
,” he clarifies, and Crowley grins wickedly, “I will give you this.” He turns the box so the diamond catches the light, and Crowley reaches out with greedy hands but Dean holds the box out of reach and he sighs.
"I've told you repeatedly what to do, and you don't listen. You ignored the advice that would have prevented this, choosing instead to ply me with vodka and bourbon to keep me quiet about it. Not that I mind in the least, of course, except for the part where you've inevitably discovered you have a heart and it has suddenly decided to make you increasingly aware of its existence." His face softens. "You say that he wants you but he won't give in, and there could be a dozen reasons why. Humans are strange creatures, and they bind themselves to illusion of morality and call it principle."
“Low blow, Winchester. Quit stalling. Have you ever kissed this dude that you’re secretly pining for?”
"So that you can figure out how to seduce me? How do you know I even like dudes?" To be fair, Dean didn’t even know until becoming friends with Charlie, who freely points out that his sexuality seems to get very fluid when it comes to Han Solo; he’s just not ready to explore that aspect of himself for the first time with a mystical being that sees him as some kind of curious conquest.
"They still do to me, maybe supersight over here can see what you mean."
"I thought you'd make an effort considering you'd been drooling over him for months! Do you have any idea how uncomfortable it was seeing your dopey expression around him all the time?"
“Ignore him. Tell me everything.”
Dean is once again at the beginning of the labyrinth, only this time he’s all alone.
week,” he says, and she laughs. “But the last time I checked there was a side dish of white cheddar mac and cheese. With truffle oil.”
"Cas, can we..."
"I'm not...
“Once I get out of here, I’ll tell you everything,” Cas vows to his phone, inanimate witness that it is. Not only because Dean deserves to know, but because Cas is determined to move forward with his life by being genuine to himself and everyone around him. If he’s going to start fresh, he needs to come clean with the person he most wants to be part of his new future.
Cas places the beige cowboy hat on his head with a sigh, turning to look out the window. "I know."
“What? Why?” Dean flips the lid off the box, peering curiously inside. There’s a book on the top, faux red leather with the
"For you. Again."
He sighs. "I'm okay, Sam."
Dean regards him for a moment, then flexes the muscles in his forearms and calves. The ropes burst open as if they'd exploded, falling to the floor in a confused jumble of frayed ends, and Dean stands up.
There's a regular reinforced steel door at the far end, and the space between it and them is a maze of crates. They move silently through the stacks, but something catches Dean's eye and he reaches out to put a hand on Cas's back.
"Hey guys, anything of note happen last night?" Sam is shuffling papers at his desk, obviously too distracted to even make eye contact, so he misses the smug look Charlie gives Dean.
“Normal.” He laughs, crossing his arms to lean back against the couch. “You got me there. Normal act of teenage rebellion, that’s all it was. Dad forgot to leave money for us that week when he abandoned us in the motel, and we hadn’t seen him in two days. Didn’t know at the time he’d been thrown in the drunk tank for the weekend, only that Sammy was crying because he was hungry, and I thought ‘you know what? This is the perfect time for some good old-fashioned teenage rebellion.’ So I walked two miles to the grocery store, thinking I’d have a better shot in a bigger place. Only I didn’t think about how far I’d have to go to get back, or that I’d stick out like a sore thumb walking down the highway with two boxes of Froot Loops. No, all I could think about was how I was going to take care of Sammy if Dad never came back.”
"What kind of research?"
"It's a dude. Overdressed for this place, honestly."
Cas reaches out, grabbing both his lapels and pulling him close to whisper in his ear.
“Castiel won’t have anyone to talk to if I’m not there.” Dean doesn’t turn away from petting Impala when he answers, so he doesn’t see Bobby turn to Rufus and mouth “Who?” or the shrug Rufus gives him in return.
They fall silent, each lost in their own thoughts, sipping their coffee until Dean's mug is completely empty. He slides it to the side and leans into his elbows on the table.
It’s not very late on a Wednesday night and Cas is already in bed, glasses perched on the end of his nose and laptop balanced on his blanket covered legs. He’s glumly scrolling through the same apartment listings that he’s been looking at for months, resigned to just signing a lease on the place least offensive to his sensibilities, just so he can stop stubbing his toes on the boxes he’s already packed and hoarded into the guest room. He clicks from one listing to another, all of them different configurations of the same boring setup: beige carpet, white walls, few windows. Living spaces nearly as stifling as the one he’s currently in, minus one cheating scumbag.
Dean knows what Sam wants to talk about even before he speaks, and he's surprised it's taken this long. Maybe because this is the first time John and Kate have been out of the house at the same time since it happened, to watch some local band play at the bar downtown, and Sam needed to be sure there was no chance anyone would overhear.
he is, and have grossly underestimated the stack of the deck here.
And so he does.
Dean shrugs and says nothing, pretending not to notice his mother studying him. He collects their scorecards without comment, and hands them to Charlie to tally up.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah."
“Did you guys see?” His excitement is palpable, and Bess can’t stop grinning. “It’s been such a long time!”
"I've been rejected before."
Angelblade. Like Ant-Man and
Dean manages to find Bobby standing at the edge of the assembled crowd, and he joins him in peering at the newcomers, who are dressed in finery that he hasn’t seen the like of since he was a boy.
"Not even a hello?"
He exits the room as carefully as he entered, crossing the depressing den again to let himself into the other bedroom. This one looks far more lived in, though not very clean and tidy. Only a crumpled comforter and a lone pillow are on the bed, and the single nightstand holds nothing but empty bottles. A chair in the corner is piled high with clothes, and he can't tell at a glance if they were on their way to the laundry area tucked under the spiral staircase or if this is as far as they got on their return, as if the bureau right beside it was a step too far.
"So is the reno kicking your ass?"
"It's okay. I clearly deserved it. Christ. I was such an asshole that day, too.”
“You should probably go and rescue whoever that is,” he says gruffly, not looking up. “You know how Rufus gets when he’s hungry.”
"What do you think I've been telling you for months? My life is a
"Wait, so all of the goblins were once human children?"
Balthazar looks at him sideways. “Did he never tell you why he was chosen as king of the goblin realm?”
"I wish I were, but it's true."
She gives him an incredulous look. "Have you met me?"
Balthazar nods once, his steel gaze threatening what will happen if Dean fails to keep that promise.
“That place.” Just the thought of it makes him shudder. “It’s so-- empty. Getting lost in it must be a fate worse than death.” He sits up slowly, but maintains his distance. “Why did you let me go that night?”
doing it."
“Charlie, just give me a little time to get to know the guy, alright? Maybe I don’t even find him attractive.”
"I'm gonna take a shower." Cas doesn't do more than nod, though he gives Dean a sideways glance as he struggles to remove his cowboy boots before striding into the bathroom with a change of clothes and his kit of toiletries.
interesting,” Castiel says, his face delighted.
"It is useful for keeping the sun off your face, especially in this climate."
"Why today?" They've moved back upstairs to the kitchen where Dean has brewed a fresh pot of coffee, placing a mug in front of Sam that's so large he can wrap both of his giant hands around it, comfortably, and so he does just that. He stares into the pool of steaming liquid, gathering his thoughts for a few minutes, then keeps his eyes on the mug when he speaks.
, time to fly the coop." He spits the pin at Bartholomew’s feet and gives him the one-fingered salute.
Dean smiles, his eyes alight, and in them the true kingdom Castiel wishes he were beholden to. He gazes up at his human god and thinks,
“Well, he’s not wearing a ring, so that’s hopeful, but I don’t know for absolutely sure.”
"Oh, make no mistake Dean, what I
"Yeah," Dean croaks out. "For a long time."
“Stop changing the subject.”
Dean rummages in the hidden compartments on his shirt, searching. Where the fuck did he put that thing?
"No!" he sputters, though he actually thinks
"Dean, wait." Cas closes the distance between them very quickly, putting a hand on Dean's shoulder. "You should get out of here, go to ground somewhere for a while. I'll go back with Bartholomew."
“I don’t understand.” He pushes himself out of his throne, pacing the room with long strides, running his fingers through his hair. “I was merely intrigued by him, by his devotion, and those
Chapter title from Beautiful Crime by Tamer.
"And how do you know that's not what I want," Castiel says sulkily, conjuring another crystal as easily as the first was destroyed. "I am the goblin king. Everyone should fear me. It pleases me to see them tremble before me."
at me.”
“What have we, lady?”
Cas mirrors his posture, turning to face him, head pillowed on one arm. "A feeling about me?"
," Dean growls, gripping his cock at the base to stave off his orgasm, and Castiel whimpers as he finally closes his eyes for a moment to collect himself, breathing out as Dean removes his hand. Dean reaches down to hook his fingers behind Castiel's knee, pulling his leg over his own hip and bringing them closer together. Castiel's eyes fly open again as he hears the click of the cap on the bottle of lube, and he watches Dean apply even more of it to his first two fingers, then glances up to catch the spark in his eyes and the wicked grin on his face.
Dean looks up at the sound of three sharp raps against the doorframe, blinking a bit to help his eyes readjust from staring at columns of figures. Benny leans in the doorway, blocking most of the light from the hall with his broad shoulders, made even more imposing when he crosses his arms.
The audience titters, and Dean wonders how many of them will be laughing when he drops dead of apoplexy right before their very eyes. He smacks the microphone against Crowley’s chest and swiftly walks away.
“I’m afraid to trust how good it is,” he muses, spinning the chair side to side slightly as he stares at the ceiling. “I’ve never really felt like I belonged. I was too awkward to make friends as a kid so I was always alone, and by the time I got to high school I was effectively an outcast. The only friend I made was a transfer student who didn’t get the memo that I was to be universally shunned.” He laughs, remembering how he’d tried to discourage Bal from talking to him lest he be stigmatized by association, and Bal finding that notion utterly ridiculous.
“You mean, what if he does to you what you did to him?” Dean closes his eyes, then nods. “Then I’ll be here to comfort you. And maybe, when he’s had some time, he’ll give you a another chance, too.”
"Castiel," Dick says in his faux fondly exasperated tone, but Cas ignores him to smile at the young lady behind the coat check counter.
“It’s nothing. Just leaving home for the first time nerves, I guess.” He sits on the edge of his bed, trying to adopt a disaffected air. “What’s up?”
"I don't know what you're talking about."
"Maybe you could tell Cas that you got spooked because you realized you were on a date and you weren't ready, and tell him you really just want to be friends? It's not even a lie."
Cas moves between Dick and the various sharp weapons evoked by Meg's gaze in his direction, although he wouldn't block her aim if he actually thought she could manifest any of them.
“That’s noble of you,” Cas says, grinning at Sam when he laughs.
,” Dick sneers, waving a hand dismissively in Dean’s direction. “Was disrespectful to me and used foul language. I want him disciplined.”
"Selflessness," Cas repeats, looking at him before casting his gaze downward. "You're wrong, Dean. Everything I do is a selfish act."
, he thinks, but cannot say.
“Would you like to hold him?” Mary asks Dean some time later, when she’s eaten her fill and Matron has taken her leave, and the food tray with her. Dean nods eagerly, vibrating with excitement. John sits him on the bed next to his mother, bolstering his little body with pillows for support, and Mary gently transfers the bundle into his arms. Dean looks down at the infant in wonder, at his sleeping pink face and his tiny balled fists, at the tuft of dark hair at his crown.
"Show me."
"I can't believe you talked Ash into making that for you."
“So many things I never told anyone. At first because I didn’t know them very well, and then later because I could see it made them all sad. To listen to me tell stories of home, knowing they didn’t have any to trade.” He smiles sadly. “You never seemed to care, though, always asking me to chatter on, eager with excitement. Trading old folk tales in exchange, telling me stories until I fell asleep. Where did those come from, I wonder?”
“A couple of them would be assholes about it.”
"You sound just like Bobby."
"Is it? They're removed from a poor environment and brought to a realm designed just for them. They live simple, uncomplicated lives, and are happy in their own way. How is that more terrible than growing up unwanted and unloved?” It hits closer to home than Dean likes. "There was a time, millennia ago, when there was no goblin realm, let alone a goblin king," Castiel muses, wrapping his arms around his raised knees. "The first child brought into the fae realm had been abandoned by his mother in the forest, at the edge of a ring of mushrooms."
There is less than an hour of time left when Dean and Sam finally reach the castle, though it feels as though they've spent days solving the puzzles in the labyrinth. It's only because of the friends they've made along the way that they've gotten so far, otherwise they'd still be trapped in the prison of the oubliette. Crowley pulled them out of that one, though he was often as much of a hindrance as a help.
, he thinks.
don't. I do. You keep your hands off, that chicken still has fifteen minutes to go."
“How did that story end, anyway?”
Bobby waves them over as they shut the gate behind their charge, but the new cow paces along the inside of the fence with them to greet their visitors.
“We were raised together, but we are not actually related.”
He’d never imagined that unpacking boxes was an activity that could be fraught with sexual tension, but it doesn’t take more than an hour for the air in the room to feel electrified. They make quick work of one stack, filling drawers and cabinets as their limbs idly brush together in the cramped space of the kitchen, and despite the cool temperature Cas feels a damp sheen of sweat on his brow that has little to do with exertion.
"But..."
He throws back the blankets and hisses when his feet touch the floor, the carpet uncomfortably cold under his feet. The coals in the wood stove are barely alive as he enters the room, and though he's tempted to get a roaring fire going he knows it will be a waste when they'll be working on another floor all day, and sweating despite the cold.
"Because you're not dragging me to any of that corny shit, and Cas will do whatever you want."
"Or the perfect person, because you don't know anything and he can get it all off his chest to someone who can give him an unbiased opinion." Dean bites his lip, considering. "I bet he could also use a nice, big hug. The kind of hug that ends in smooches."
“What do you mean?”
"You can hardly blame her for giving in to the temptation of forbidden fruit, brother." He winks at Castiel before turning his attention to Rachel, and those flanking him smirk. "I can assure you, just from listening to him talk, that the entire thing is exceedingly boring. I only forbear because his wine cellar is massive, and he’s obligated to keep me well-stocked." He raises his goblet with a flourish, and their companions all giggle as they raise their own. "To Castiel. May he finish his improvements long before another human deigns to test them, since it only took, oh, what, a thousand years for the first one?"
“I ride with the truth, my friend.”
Cas looks down at his feet, hands in his pockets, clearly embarrassed. “Three years?”
They finally reach a clearing in the midst of the forest, and Dean moves into the wide open space in awe, staring at everything around him before turning his gaze to the goblin king.
"I got dumped last week by the girl I'd been dating," Dean says casually, and Castiel is surprised to feel a lick of jealousy flare up in his gut. "No big deal, it wasn't serious, but I forgot that I was supposed to bring her to Sam's birthday dinner so she could meet the family. It made for a very awkward meal when Kate asked what time she was supposed to arrive. Sam enjoyed his bonus gift of teasing me about it all night."
"I am the very salt of the earth, Winchester."
"Yes, Castiel, I know how to find the restaurant with the address right in the name,” he scoffs, tone laced with contempt. “It's so
"Maybe we should sleep out here close to the fire," Cas suggests. "You should take the couch, I can sleep on the floor."
at the ball, and if you don't want to be the subject of it you need to dress yourself and make an effort. Otherwise, all the talk will be about how Castiel has fallen under the thrall of a mere human. Which will lead to speculation about said human, and there's nothing like curiosity to bring out the worst in our kind. Before you know it they'll be competing with one another to find out who it is, merely for the chance to seduce him away from you for sport." He pauses when Castiel's shoulders tense and his fists clench. "You know I'm right."
If the company he’s keeping gives her any pause she doesn't show it. "Do these hostiles have an identity?"
"I guess it's because you're hardly imposing now, sitting in a meadow. With heeled boots on.
He doesn’t know exactly when the wall crumbled, but it happened so gradually that it was gone before Cas noticed that it was being slowly dissolved by tiny droplets of unexpected gestures. The way Dean would discuss things in class as though he’d definitely done the reading and understood the topic, or how he spent his Saturdays helping to coach little kids’ wrestling or baseball, and all the times Cas would see him in the county library on a Sunday with his younger brother. Cas had been doing research for a term paper there one afternoon and spotted them through the stacks -- not a new occurrence by this point -- when he saw Dean check his watch, then reach into his backpack to pull out a bottle of water and a sandwich. He’d tapped Sam on the arm to get his attention before handing him both items, then reached over to ruffle his hair and smile with disarming fondness. Cas found himself clutching his heart and wondering when the hell he’d fallen head over heels for Dean Winchester.
"Most little boys would know right away that they were scared of a dragon, Dean. You must be very brave to have to think about it."
stop calling me that?” He blows the hair out of his eyes in exasperation, and Dean can’t help but laugh a little.
"Does he want to join us?" Charlie asks innocently as he sits back down, and Dean kicks her under the table. She kicks him back, and he nearly flinches. Those tiny feet are lethal. "He looks like he's all by himself."
Dean sighs, leaning down to grab the bread and cheese before walking over to the long trestle table he’d fled that morning, when his old friend looked at him like a stranger. Moonlight filters in through the narrow windows, shafts of light crossing the table and falling on the stone floor like a cathedral. Castiel comes a little closer, but doesn’t step into the light, and Dean doesn’t push as he tears into the bread.
"I suppose that's why you spend so much time there, shunning all of us. It’s not fair that none of us may enter." Her words are a challenge, though her tone seems playful.
"You don't have to stay. I can try and go back to sleep by myself."
He opens his eyes, blinking rapidly in the fluorescent overhead light that makes him hyper aware again of the knot forming on the back of his head.
“It wasn’t for you to decide when or if that would happen,” he says, pulling her arms off him as he steps away. “Enjoy New York.”
?" He's completely dumbstruck at this stroke of generosity from John Winchester, who thought buying new shoes was unnecessary when you had duct tape.
"Elaborate, please." Dean looks away, though he flattens his palms against Castiel's lower back, warm even through the material of the sweatshirt.
“Technically that’s true. Do you have any idea how much cheese manufacture and sale is regulated?”
“You were just a
"Flank?"
The bookcase for Sam's birthday is set up in the room they share, polished and filled with books before he gets home from the library. Dean takes the old one apart carefully, even though it's only made of cheap particle board, something he'd found on a curb soon after they'd moved here. He finishes stacking the boards out back by the garbage cans right before Sam gets home, running into the house and pounding up the stairs without even acknowledging Dean, who just shakes his head. He looks through their scant movie collection as he waits for Sam to find his present, wondering what his pick will be tonight, when he comes barrelling back down the steps five minutes later in a different shirt.
"No? As I recall we have a recurring appointment."
Cas studies his profile, wondering what it could be, and if Dean will stick around long enough for him to find out. He decides to throw the die.
“What? You’re joking?” The speakers crackle with Sam’s gleeful shouting, and Dean can’t help but smile, even though it feels false, out of place. He’d hope saying it to Sam would help solidify it in his mind, make it feel like the right decision, but he feels hollow instead. “I can’t believe it! Took you long enough. Are you going to move to New York with her?”
“He means you’re the human personification of the sound of panties dropping.”
. Something he's not supposed to want, something he knows he'll never have."
"Shit," Sam says, sitting heavily back in his chair. "What do you think it means?"
really cute though. He makes an indecisive noise, then moves all the products to "save for later" and closes out of the window with a firm click of the mouse.
Dean wraps his arms around his knees, resting his chin on them as he stares out at the night. "They haven’t been my family for a long time."
“Well, it’s just a prototype for now, but considering we’ve already broken three of them it seemed pertinent to try and…”
friends?"
“Not unrequited,” Cas says, resting his hands on Dean’s stomach and propping his chin on them. “Unwelcome, maybe, because I hated being such a cliche, but not unrequited.”
“Why do these ones look weird?” Dean asks as he slices the tape on a battered box that once held copier paper and only has his name on the side of it, just like three other boxes nearby.
“I’m excited to see what you do with that,” Cas says, and Ben beams.
“It’s okay. It was a long time ago.” Dean nods, but his eyes have a faraway look in them.
A group on the other side of the gym waves to Dean as he glances in their direction, and he waves back with a smile.
"Dean," Cas hisses. "Run. Now."
"Bring me two slices of the veggie while I look through the other photos."
“Sure enough.”
"I hope they don't," Dean says sadly. "They should forget me."
"Oh, the other night I told Sam the truth about how I went deaf. Did you never wonder?"
It's been a week since Sam fell into the pit, Lucifer no doubt screaming inside him all the way down, dragging Michael with them in the body of their late brother. A week since the end of the life he's always known, a few days since he showed up at Lisa's door, shellshocked and alone. She's told him to stay as long as he needs to, and right now he needs to because he doesn't know what else he's supposed to do.
"He's the closest you have to both, if you think about it. I notice you didn’t argue against sexy, though."
"Say that three times fast."
this person. Maybe they met long ago, when they were children, before time and trouble shaped them into their present selves.
“Should you find my brother, will you relay a message to him for me?” Dean bites his lip as he nods. “Tell him I support whatever
"Don't you have anything to do?"
"Yes," Cas says, blushing a little. He came here far more times than Dean knows about, walking into his dreams as an invisible observer, trying to puzzle out what made Dean Winchester happy. At least until he realized such visits were inappropriate, and probably unwelcome. "I'm not sure why I'm dreaming it now, though."
"She probably thought they'd reconcile someday, I don't know. Maybe Mom did, too, and that's why she named us after them." He shakes his head, then rubs his eyes. He's not tearing up, he's just tired, damn it. "Too bad Samuel's as stubborn as a mule."
, Bobby, that's what I'm saying."
“Oh, you know. When you’re paying attention to one thing, so you don’t notice that another thing is happening. Like magic.”
"Go away," Castiel finally sighs.
"Is that garlic bread?"
"I've already got a job lined up," Dean says quickly. He swallows over the lump in his throat. "Should be able to get a place of my own by the end of the summer."
"And say what? 'My brother was having a great time, but a building blew up and he had to bail?' You'll have a hard time making that stick when he knows I'm a mechanic, not a firefighter."
It scared me. It wasn’t until I was in college that I could admit to myself that I had an unrequited crush on you for years.”
"It's hard not to. You dressed me comfortably, filled me with carbs, and started running your fingers through my hair. I'm either going to go to sleep or turn to liquid."
"Don't kill them!" he yells, and too late remembers that he's got his own pair to contend with at the moment. He quickly raises an arm just in time to deflect the pipe from Super Mario, but he gets a tire iron to the ribs from Pit Crew guy as punishment for his distraction.
"I'm here." He brushes his lips over Cas's forehead before leaning in close. "I'm here, I'm listening."
“You okay?”
he types, but hesitates before hitting send, then carefully deletes it before getting out of the car and rapidly making his way into the building. He takes the stairs two at a time to the third floor and knocks on the door before he can lose his nerve.
After dinner and the second movie ended, Castiel had helped Dean clean up in the kitchen despite all his protests, and when they’d returned to the living room Dean had lain on the couch and patted the space in front of him. The only thing that had kept him awake was that the third movie was, in fact, a vast improvement over the second.
“That’s not…” Not at all what he thought Sam was going to say, and it throws him off balance a little bit. “Is that what you think I’m worried about?”
“I transferred my magic to Crowley.” He turns his head to look back up at the ceiling, frowning. “I should have done it long ago. He was happy there for a long time, until…until
He thinks about returning home to the dark house where he feels like a stranger, trying to explain to John and Kate why the crib is empty, why Sam is also missing. He remembers one year at a motel in Wisconsin when he’d left Sam alone in room, sound asleep but only six years old, because he was bored and wanted to get out. He’d returned two hours later with a package of Red Vines clutched in his fist, only to open the door to the shock of John at home unexpectedly, sitting on the closest bed with a look of such chagrin that Dean had never left Sam alone ever again.
. Dean spent most of sophomore year wondering what his deal was, why kept to himself. He seemed to shun everyone around him as much as they did him, and Dean couldn’t understand it at all. He wondered if it was one of those things that went all the way back to elementary school, long before he’d transferred here. Some weird kid stigma like having cooties that unfairly follows you all through puberty.
"He was doing baby talk on the way here.
"Fuck, fuck," Dean chokes out, his hips stuttering as he comes. His hand continues to work Castiel through his own orgasm until they collapse to the bed on their sides, still somehow joined together. Neither of them speak for several minutes as they try to catch their breath. Dean's arm is still tight across his chest, pillowing his head, while the other hand is pressed against his stomach, possessive. He can feel Dean breathing against the nape of his neck, nuzzling into his hair as he softens and finally slips out.
“A long time for what?” Jesse asks, just as his partner Cesar arrives in their row from the spot he was working.
“...letting him take you on all kinds of adventures that you’ve somehow managed to avoid despite being almost forty…”
"Guys, what..."
"You could make a mess in the garage."
"Yes, well, I realize you've probably never been turned down before and that's a huge blow to your ego but I don't want to be just another notch in your belt."
"And when have I ever followed your instructions if I felt they didn't suit me?"
He determinedly does not think about that brief contact as he heads outside, barely registering his surroundings as he makes his way down to the beach in the early morning light, grey dawn streaking the distant sky. He keeps his hands in his pockets as he ambles across the sand, searching the area for signs that someone has been there. A campsite, discarded clothing, even some trash; he's been mulling over all the possibilities since last night, searching desperately for a rational explanation. Maybe Castiel had been partying on the beach with a group and passed out drunk, and they'd dragged him into the crater as a prank when the meteor fell. Maybe he's been sleeping down here on the peninsula and stumbled into the crater by accident, losing consciousness for some reason. Dean needs to examine the site again to try and figure it out for himself. He can already see the spot further up the beach, those protrusions from the ground jutting into the sky just beyond the reach of the tide that's creeping in. He moves faster, knowing there isn't much time, pulling up short a few feet away.
“Benny, it’s not like that.”
"Guess we have a lot to talk about, huh?"
“Hello,” she says, wiping her hands on her apron. “My name is Ellen, and I make sure everything is nice and clean.”
"Myself, of course. I don't talk about your business with other people, what kind of friend do you think I am?" Bal puts a hand to his chest in a show of faux outrage, so Cas chews the lip of his cup and says nothing. "Why don't you at least go and talk to him? You'll never get another chance, and maybe all it will take to get rid of your crush is five minutes of dull-witted conversation."
“Yeah, well. I feel stupid, so naturally my thoughts went in the same direction.”
Charlie bites her lip, then shakes her head. "Something about it feels very deliberate, but controlled. Since the apartments there have been two more cases of arson in populated buildings, but in all of them Dean was able to react before anyone could get hurt. It's just a gut feeling, I can't really explain it, but -- it's almost like these fires, they're sending a message. Like a series of signal flares, trying to draw someone's attention."
He conjures a crystal with a flick of his wrist, peering into its depths, his gaze made manifest on earth in the form of an owl, and watches Dean Winchester sleep.
He nods his head so rapidly it’s practically a blur, and Mary’s laugh again rings out into the corridors.
His favorite star seems to have grown larger, somehow, or slightly brighter. He rubs his eyes, scrubs his palms down his stubbled chin, succumbing to the day's exhaustion that is clearly catching up with him. He glances back one time as he heads down into the confines of the lighthouse, smiling to himself as he descends into the dark.
Darkwing seems to consider that, but then shakes his head. "No, it’s spread out over a large area, but what would be the point of spraying an empty parking lot with lighter fluid?”
The nervous anticipation that has driven him all week slowly bleeds away as he sinks deeper into Dean's couch, drawn into the plot of the movie, the aroma of cheese and tomatoes slowly permeating the room until his stomach starts to rumble.
"Right," Sam says, drawing it out like he's about to call bullshit, but Dean glances at Jack and gives Sam a pointed look. "Let's go eat."
Dean waits in eager anticipation for the naming ceremony after that. He’s never seen a ghost before, though he’s overheard Matron tell stories in the kitchen while he was hiding in the cupboard, dark tales about people who disappear without a trace.
"So what, you pulled a costume out of storage?"
“Charlie. Focus, please.”
"What?"
"I don't think you realize what a singularly amazing person you are," she says, and when he sputters in response she elbows him in the ribs. "Shut up. Absorb praise."
“What if...what if you can’t bear this one?”
“Dean?” It’s the last voice he expected to hear today, drawing his attention back to the nearby access road where he’d parked the Impala.
"And I let one of them sneak up on me in the alley and knock me out. What an amateur move."
"It's a gift."
Sam cringes, and even Ash looks pained.
"I was just trying to help. I didn't mean to overstep."
“Bobby doesn’t have anyone except Rufus, and he’ll hurt himself trying to take care of them both.” Just as he did when he first moved into this apartment, Dean is shoving all his clothes into a big garbage bag, though he does have considerably more than he did eight years ago.
Dean swallows. “Just an old wives’ tale, from home. Do you remember it?”
"When?”
“This is unbelievable,” Meg says, head tipped back against the chair as though she’s looking to the ceiling for moral support. “It’s like I don’t even know you anymore. Trivia night, bowling, escape room...karaoke is going to be the next stop, I can feel it.”
He directs Castiel to the old sofa in the living room as he heats up leftover spaghetti for the both of them, arms too heavy to attempt anything more complicated, and too tired to lean against the counter to eat if he lets Castiel have the only chair.
Cas had glanced back over his shoulder to catch the smug smile on Sam's face, but then he caught Cas's eye and gave him two thumbs-up.
"Charlie and Garth were part of the inheritance, and that made it a lot easier. Charlie is one of my best friends now, and Garth is a great guy, once you get used to the hugging. He helped Missouri put the first challenge together when he was still a student and he's been helping every year since, which I find really ironic since he's a dentist now."
“I can’t believe you’re making a joke right now.”
“Yeah, yeah.” His phone buzzes against the desk and he picks it up immediately, smiling at the screen when he sees who the text is from. Benny lets out a low chuckle before Dean even types a response, and he puts the phone down like a child caught with a forbidden cookie. “What?”
In repose he doesn't seem the least bit intimidating, and if Dean didn't have so many questions about the nature of his arrival he'd probably find him attractive. There's something achingly familiar about his face, and Dean searches his memory as his eyes rove over the man's features: the cleft of his chin, the divot at the top of his full lips, the dark tangle of his hair. He cannot recall them ever having met before, yet he still can't escape the feeling that he
Suddenly there’s an audible gasp as the man's head rears up from the sand, one hand reaching out to grab Dean's shoulder with a force that burns, his eyes flaring bright for a moment like cosmic fire captured under glass. They regard one another for what feels like an eternity as the man struggles to speak, forcing a single desperate word from his lips before passing out again.
“Was it…”
A cloud of steam follows him back into the motel room, and Cas doesn't turn to look at him when he speaks. "I found that show you like, the obstacle course with swords."
"Happy birthday," the teacher says before he wheels away without another word, before Dean can even croak out a thank you past all the emotions in his throat. He blows out the candle, then carefully peels the wrapping off.
“Castiel?” The figure turns slowly, scanning the darkness all around. “Please tell me you’re here.”
They compare notes to find they have most of their classes together and share the same lunch period. Suddenly the coming year doesn't look as bleak as he was expecting.
"It's not a pleasant realization."
“You don’t,” Castiel says sadly, two small words to sum up the passage of ten years’ time, and Dean can only nod.
instead of discuss hidden realms of magic and monsters. He signs something to Eileen.
"So, can you actually tell us how?"
The horses are fidgety as he works, knowing that something is up, and when he's finished he goes to the far stall first. Gabriel bumps Dean's shoulder with his nose as if to wish him luck, but Samandriel lowers her head to brush against his face, as if to ask him to stay, and he whispers that he's sorry as he strokes her. Impala gives him a baleful look and stamps the floor of the stall with one hoof.
"Right, yeah, I mean, there's nothing wrong with it. I was just surprised. What's interesting about it?"
Another section of forest goes up, and though it's not remotely close to where he is he can feel the heat nonetheless. He can no longer tell what direction he originally came from, and he can’t make out the tall spires of the castle from the forest floor. Maybe he can climb a tree to get his bearings, but right now fire is cutting off his escape on three sides and he has no choice but to keep moving in a single direction.
Dean frowns when he sees that the back door out of the kitchen is flung wide open, kept in that position by the strong wind coming off the sea.
"Was that supposed to do what I think it was?"
“You see, I…”
"Yeah, I asked him, but for some reason he'd rather sit alone at the bar than come over here where my friends and my
"Dean," Cas whispers again, pulling at the lapel that's clenched in his fingers. "Have to...have to tell you..."
"Trunk."
Cas wraps his hands around the ceramic mug, watching the steam curling up into the space between them.
"I think we established a year ago that that was my not my name." Castiel smirks as Dean gives him a look. He holds out a hand, and though Dean hesitates again before he takes it, it happens a little more quickly than the year before. By only three seconds, but Castiel can warp time to watch stars collapse in the span of a mere moment, and so he considers it a small triumph.
“Okay, okay,” she says, holding up her hands in surrender, but Sam just smirks to himself.
“It’s a little strange.”
“I see.”
“With the Lady?” Dean asks, rubbing his eyes as he finally sits up and wiggles off the cot, taking Mildred’s hand as he yawns and trails along after her, taking no notice of his surroundings.
“Like you want to reach out and touch him.”
“Because I don’t ever want him to feel like I’m hiding anything from him.”
"I just like this thoughtful, considerate side you're displaying today," Sam says, rocking on the balls of his feet and grinning like a fool. "You should ask Cas what else he'd like to do, I bet he's got a long list of things he's dying to try."
"No, no, that's not what I'm looking for. I'm planning to do most of it myself. I'll be focused solely on this for the next couple of months, if you don't mind managing things here on your own." He braces for the argument he's sure to come, wary after his conversation with Sam, but Benny just levels an assessing look at him for a few uncomfortable minutes before finally nodding.
“Holy shit, how do you know?”
“Please. You haven’t gotten a real apartment because Bobby and Rufus are happy to let you stay there for free and put every extra cent you can into a college account for Sam. Now that he won’t need it, you can spend some money on a swanky bachelor pad for yourself.”
"Can we see?"
"People can't help how they're born, Cas, it doesn't make them freaks. I thought you knew me better than to lump me into the same category as the judgemental assholes who buy those things, Christ."
"I feel like we should build a pillow fort around this," Dean says as they crawl under the spread of various blankets.
"The explosion in the apartment building downtown, across from Benny's Bar and Grill, the one they thought was a gas leak at first."
“Of course me.”
"He's still just a baby, Sam. He's too young too remember anything. Just like you don't remember the house you were born in or..."
"Dean," he says sharply, flicking his brother's ear.
cartoon even though there's little floor space between the twin beds that sit opposite one another. The shelf above Sam's bed is still hanging, holding the weight of a dozen discarded hardcover books, and he feels a sense of pride as he remembers putting it up. It had taken him weeks to craft and hours to hang, worried that it would collapse under a single paperback, and here it is twenty years on, intact.
Of all the tapestries in his home, his favorite hung in the family salon just to the left of his father's desk, and he can't remember a time that it didn't fascinate him. The bottom half of the tapestry was a roiling river, dotted with debris and struggling people, their heads and flailing arms above the water as they were no doubt swept along helplessly. The top half was what he spent long hours staring at, for it showed a large beast with the body of a young girl in its claws, gripping her shoulders as it carried her away from the flood.
“Okay. We’ll figure something out.” She smiles again, sliding off the bed to wrap her arms around him.
“We could be talking right
Dick had always adopted the same mien when Cas spoke to him, and in the beginning it felt like a rainy midmorning in his father’s study all over again, when he was desperately seeking guidance. It took some time for him to accept that Dick wasn’t multitasking while letting Cas talk through a problem, thinking of a solution. He simply wasn’t listening at all. He wasn’t
A shadow passes overhead as Storm flies between them and the sun, but Dean doesn’t even glance up.
"No, Castiel, I cannot." Balthazar shakes his head, the plumage adorning his mask fluttering as he does. "This is the very thing I was afraid of. I was hoping after you'd shagged the human senseless you would get your own back."
“No,” he says, shaking his head. “Everyone here feels the same sense of loss that I do, an emptiness that can’t be filled, and not knowing what belongs there they can never be content. Always yearning for something, but unable to seek it. Not being able to live the version of their lives that they want to, find someone to love, have children. They make the best of what they have in the absence of choice, but that’s not
“I can’t believe Sam is going to Stanford after graduation!” Charlie’s excitement makes the speakers of his laptop crackle as they Skype. “And on a scholarship! It seems like just yesterday you were still driving that kid to the county library.”
He attempts to stand, but Cas manages to reach up and grab at Dean's jacket, clutching it tight in one fist. "Don't...don't go, Dean."
"Oh Cas," Dean says, and Castiel frowns harder at the shortened version of his name. "You're right, my meager 'sexual conquests' will certainly be no match against someone who's slept with
“Charlie!”
Castiel turns his head, those blue eyes still amazingly bright and otherworldly, even bereft of magic. “I’m sorry. I know how you cared for him.” Dean nods, inching closer, intertwining the fingers of their other hands together where they’re trapped between their bodies.
“They weren’t known for saving people, generally. The story of this tapestry is from the Great Deluge, when it rained so hard and for so long that most of the land turned into a raging river.” He pointed to the figure in the dragon’s claws. “They say that a great sorceress tried to tame the rains, but she angered the spirit of the dragons. It carried her off into the sky, never to be seen again. I don’t know about the sorceress part, though. I’ve always thought that she looks like a young girl, and the dragon is hardly bigger than she is.”
“What?”
It's hard for him to hear Sam and Bobby make their arguments against Cas, because he knows that logically everything they're saying makes sense. If they were discussing any other being in the universe Dean would agree with their assessment without question, but he can't make himself do it. There's something inside him warring against instinct this time, a bone deep certainty that Cas could never betray him.
Dean shakes himself out of his trance, looking at his brother before kneeling down on the floor. "I don't know, man, Cas seems to be pretty clumsy these days. I hope he's okay." He panics when he hears Sam laughing, but then breathes a sigh of relief when he finds that the purple satin panties aren't in plain view. Whatever Sam is laughing at it's not those, thankfully.
"If we don’t find something soon, Sam's going to use it as a reason to keep me off the streets permanently."
“There’s no way for you to interpret his intentions based on the frequency of his text messages, nor know how he feels about me.” He says it to discourage her, but he wishes he could discourage himself. An image leaps to mind of the way Dean looks at him when he talks -- like he’s hanging on every word, eyes hooded and lips pulled into a soft smile. Cas can’t help himself. He wants, but layered within that is trepidation.
Castiel looks at him for a long time, surveying him in utter stillness. “Yes.”
“Castiel’s boyfriend,” he says sullenly.
The sharp knock at the door is alarming both for its urgency and surprise, and Cas jerks towards the sound so forcibly that he knocks his wireless mouse onto the floor.
“Right, you wouldn’t know, sorry. Good kisser?”
"No, it's, it's okay." Cas gets that look that most patrons adopt when they're about to dump all their troubles in his lap,
"I hit it right in the teeth," he says, his forehead throbbing as he presses the heel of his hand to it. "Fuck, we gotta text Sam, that thing is heading his way."
For a moment Dean has the sensation of falling, like whatever has been supporting his weight has dropped out from beneath him. He leans heavily against the workbench, then slides down to sit on the cold concrete floor. Sam gives him a few minutes, then follows suit, facing him in the dingy light of the bare bulb above them.
"Cas! Wait, please!" He freezes in place, turning slowly as Dean jogs up to him, holding his hands out in a placating gesture. "I'm sorry to run after you like this, but I really need to talk..."
"How do you know?"
"Want to see all of you, Cas."
Dean sighs. "If you want me to do this, you should feed me. It's the least you can do."
A raised, red mark in the shape of a human hand.
If possible, those blue eyes get even wider, and a blush starts creeping up his neck.
“Dean, why don’t you stay a bit? The new girl is just about your age, isn’t that nice?” He knows that Donna sees more than she would ever say, probably noticed he way he looked at Cesar and Jesse, or at Garth and Bess, or any of the other people who seem to have found a partner in this isolated place: with longing, and loneliness.
Cas finally turns his head then, squinting at Dean in that way that always makes him feel warm inside, like he's trying to see inside Dean to see what makes him tick. Not for the first time, Dean’s glad reading his mind is off limits. It would be convenient, certainly, if he actually wanted Cas to know the myriad of confused feelings that are bouncing around inside him all the time. If he thought Cas would react favorably. If Dean thought he was good enough.
"Hey!"
"Right. I just...it's clear that I read this whole situation wrong, and we can go ahead and pretend it never happened." He turns to walk back to the Impala, feeling like every walk of shame he's ever taken in his life pales in comparison to this moment.
"No. I don't. I don't know anything when you've never had a
“Yeah, and he’s probably sore that one of his best ones went missing around the same time as a certain dragon, naturally he’s going to be suspicious of you.”
“You look exactly the same as I remember,” he finally says, and Castiel’s shoulders slump.
“No, it wasn’t until after he’d gone to see you, obviously.” Crowley rolls his eyes, but Dean stops in his tracks.
“You hated me back then, come on. I was a fucking jerk.”
"Bullshit. You throw yourself in harm's way constantly without any thought for your own well-being or safety."
“Yes, you cowered before me as I recall. I
“No. But you all should be.”
"I repeat, him
"So you think you don't deserve to be saved?"
"God, you are so gorgeous like this," he says, his voice ragged from his efforts, steadying himself with a hand on one of Castiel's knees before looking down to watch the plunge of his own fingers inside him. "It's so hard not to just finish you off, massage that special spot for you until you come all over yourself, Christ." Castiel whimpers, because suddenly he wants that very much, anything to get him off this ledge. "Another night, but not this one. Tonight I want you to come on my cock, Cas."
, Dean muses as he perches atop one of his favorite rooves downtown, four stories up. He mulls over what Charlie had told him about the fires, and the pattern of those increasing while other crime was going down. It's not like he's keeping close track of all the different altercations he ends up in, but he feels like he should have noticed and wonders why he didn't.
“Nothing, sweetheart. Your father is just bitter that I chose your name, because I did all the work of birthing you, and such was my right.”
"Uh," the stranger says eloquently before glancing at his own upraised fist, then lowering it to his side with a grimace. Cas squints at him. Usually he's the most awkward person in any scenario, so this is a nice change of pace.
Castiel clenches his jaw, staring firmly at the sky. "If you think I will release you from your contract because you hurl insults at me, you are mistaken."
"Might I remind you that you
“That’s what happens to all the little children who go there. The goblin king told me himself.”
“Is this about what happened when you and Sam were kids?” she interrupts softly with a face full of pity. “It’s okay if it’s too hard to talk about. I already know.”
"I think I might actually head out there tonight. It's not like I have a lot of stuff to take with me, most of my life is in the truck anyway."
First he makes a reassuring phone call to Sam, who immediately drives the Impala back to Dean’s house with Eileen in tow. Dean showers away the cobwebs and dust, moving around the second floor as quietly as he can, but Castiel never moves. Dean stands in the doorway for a while, watching him breathe, then goes downstairs to make some coffee.
"Sorry, sorry. I'm just trying to process the rejection."
I should just keep this what it is. A professional relationship between two like minded people.”
A week later, Dean leaves the shop early and walks down the block to the jewelry store on the corner, and when he leaves two hours later he’s clutching a delicate bag with a bright red velvet box inside, the equivalent to a month’s pay. He sits in the Impala for several minutes, staring at it, then puts it into the glove compartment before he goes home to make dinner for Bobby and Rufus, excusing himself to go Skype with Sam.
The man, blond where Castiel is dark but carrying the same regal air, studies Dean closely for a moment before something in his gaze shifts. He snaps his fingers and points. "You're that mewling boy Castiel thought himself in love with. Dean."
"The redhead that was working the bar with me?"
“Just come see.” She darts back outside before Dean can ask anything else.
"Castiel," the man says lowly, finally picking up his head. For a moment Dean expects his eyes to glow with hidden fire like they had last night, but they're clear and bright, so startling under the fluorescent light that he draws in a shocked breath. Dean knows a poet would probably have a field day describing those eyes, but all he can think is
“I think you can.” He can’t think of a response, so he just takes a few more plates from her. “It’s my fault, how bad things were between him and Sam.”
“I’m not sure I remember much anymore. I’ve been here a long time.”
Dean throws an arm about Sam’s shoulders, pulling him close. “I’ll always be your brother. Nothing can take that away from us, now.”
did. Care to explain that whole exchange to me, considering it looks like I'm definitely being sex-trafficked now?"
“Your face could fool me.”
"Yeah, but it hasn't been burning that long, less than half an hour at most." Dean looks around the dark space, even more on edge than before. "I don't like this. It feels strange."
Two things happen at once: a sliver of sunlight appears over the crest of the horizon just past Castiel's shoulder, and he shoves Dean away from him, hard. Dean tumbles backwards, falling to the stone floor and scraping the palm of his hand. He looks up, a word of reproach on the tip of his tongue before he freezes altogether at the sight of Castiel, crying.
Cas hesitates, scratching a fingernail on the laminate tabletop, mulling over his response to that.
“You resist it just fine.”
He can feel the hot air across the top of his hand as Cas lets out an annoyed breath through his nostrils, and then feels him nod.
“And when it wasn’t?”
"The leviathan," Dean whispers, and Cas shivers a bit. "I remember."
He can see Cas nod in his peripheral vision, taking out his phone and putting it on speaker to call Sam. Dean keeps one hand on the wheel as he listens to the conversation, continually rubbing his thumb across the pads of his fingers on the other, thinking about things he shouldn't.
“So it shall be come the autumn,” John agrees, looking down at his eldest son gently cradling the infant brother that he will never know.
“I’ll still be six or seven hours away, but...I’d like to come and spend the holidays with you. Have you come and visit. Introduce you as my brother.”
, Dean."
“Do it yourself if you’re so eager to die!” He says it in anger, realizing his mistake too late when resolve crosses Castiel’s face. “Cas, don’t…”
“Sounds hot, Sam, can you show me a picture of that one?”
He aims it at the large pane of glass and presses a small button. There’s no sound, but the glass transforms instantly into a cloud of sand that falls into the warehouse as if blown by a gust of wind.
"He says he's on his way to get us, that he has new information."
"Maybe," Dean agrees, tucking the button into his back pocket as his eyes go black. "And I'll probably enjoy them all." He leans in close again, bringing their lips within a hair's breadth of each other. "But you will
“Glad? No. He was my dad. He was terrible at it, and there were a lot of ways I wanted him to pay for it, but not like this. Not at the expense of Kate and Adam. Not even at his own.”
"Castiel," he gets out, holding a hand to his racing heart as he drops the deformed cake and his car keys onto the tiny counter of his kitchenette. "I didn't expect you."
"No, but I'll
He steps out of his truck once he parks, head craning back out of habit to take in the very peak before he grabs the two bags in the bed and drags them into the house. He pauses inside the front door, considering his options. The master bedroom seems the obvious choice with its larger accommodations, but something about sleeping in his father's old bed doesn't sit well with him. He opts for the couch tonight, until he can clear all the ancient dust out of his and Sam's old bedroom and wash the sheets. Decision made, he drops his bags on the floor and enters the kitchen, taking the spiral stairs without a second thought until he emerges out into the gallery.
“I don’t want that for you! I already hate this place, do you think I could live with myself if I trapped you here as well?”
“Pretend I clocked out ten minutes ago.” Cas pushes away from his desk in defeat, biting his lip and refusing to meet Meg’s eyes. “Clarence, it’s so obvious to me that you like him.” Her voice takes on an uncharacteristically soft tone, and it disarms him enough to deflate a bit, though he still can’t look at her. “Why won’t you do anything about it? Is it because of the situation with Dick?”
"Wake up, food's here." Just in time to save him from his maudlin thoughts, and Castiel opens his eyes.
The call disconnects, and Dean stares at the screen where Sam used to be for a long time.
He punches a key on his laptop and the image goes dark on their side.
It’s still raining slightly when they walk through the front door of
"I want to help you," Balthazar says gently.
“But that means…
"You knew I was watching?" Genuine surprise is in that voice, and Dean can't help but give a cocky smile. "I'm sorry, I just...I didn't expect to see someone like you around here."
“She managed to create a portal that would allow her to leave this place, but the dragon could not pass through it. She had vowed never to leave it alone again, but her desire to return to her family was just as strong. So she transformed the dragon into a human, so they could leave together.”
He’s banking on that when the time comes, praying that Dean lets him say everything he has to say: to explain, to apologize, to confess.
“That’s not…” Sam starts, clenching his jaw as he trails off. “I don’t know why you’re even moving out.”
“Don’t either of you fools be fighting at my table when we’re trying to show this sweet young man our hospitable side,” says Missouri as she approaches, a basket in one hand and a large platter in the other. “We’re about to break fast, so mind your manners or I’ll send you to eat out in the stables again.”
“So,” Cas says during a break before the last round, when Charlie and Sam leave for the bathroom and the bar, respectively. “I think you might have had a point about finding the right crowd.” He pulls his sleeves up to his elbows, an unconscious and casual gesture, and Dean is momentarily mesmerized by his forearms like a regency hero who just caught a forbidden glimpse of a wrist. “Dean?”
"No." Samandriel shakes his head before taking a sip from his mug. "I just started my senior year. The stripping, it's one of the ways I pay for school. It's why I also, um, take clients on the side." He shuffles his feet, looking embarrassed. "It was good money, but I swear I wouldn't have done it if I'd known. I do have a moral compass, even if I get paid for my company." Samandriel steels his jaw and glares toward the bedroom. "Can't believe I bought his 'I'm too busy with my career to have a relationship' bullshit. I actually felt sorry for him. He spends a lot of time where I work, and I know I'm not the only one he's taken home. You're good looking and obviously a very nice man. He seems like a sleaze ball in comparison."
"Of course, of course you...wouldn't want that. My apologies." He turns and trots back up the corridor, and Dean is looking after him strangely when Sam pokes his head out of his own door.
Dean hates himself for the relief he feels when Cas shakes his head.
“Nurse.” She shrugs. “Patient assessment isn’t always about the physical trauma. Sometimes the emotional trauma does the most damage. In any case, it’s been really hard on him since Sam left. Your dad’s afraid he’ll never come back, and he doesn’t know how to give him a reason to.”
The spell is broken when Cas looks away, turning translucent once again before he answers.
“Probably from something out of your mouth,” Mary says teasingly, poking John in the shoulder before sitting on the bed next to Dean. “Just because you don’t see him doesn’t mean he isn’t there, love. In my heart I know he’s always with us.” She kisses him on the forehead for what will be the very last time, and John blows out the candle by the bed before they leave the room.
"You needn't have, I'm pretty sure Eileen buys Tully by the case."
“Four. Sam wasn’t even a year old.”
"Yes, and that's not a gene that got passed down to his grandsons at
“Yes.”
The man laughs lowly at Dean’s indignation, and Cas visibly tenses in front of him.
"I may be moving on from here."
After a few more minutes he pounds his fist even harder against the wood, grimacing a little, sure he's given himself a bruise. He shakes his hand as he takes a couple of steps back to turn his gaze upward, neck craning to take in the very top of the lighthouse spire. He doesn’t imagine he’ll see John up on the gallery staring out at the sea like King Haggard, though stranger things have happened. His dad hasn't climbed the stairs of the lighthouse since it was decommissioned, back when Dean was still in high school, and as expected it’s completely empty.
“What?”
“And who the hell are you?”
"No. No, Sammy. I've still got it under control." He's sitting at the kitchen table in the home where they grew up, stacks of documents littering the small surface as he tries to make sense of everything. It's been a few weeks since John Winchester effectively killed himself, despite the coroner's assessment of "death by misadventure," which makes it sound as if he shuffled off his mortal coil while parasailing. Dean supposes it would be unprofessional to put "blacked out drunk on a beach too close to the ocean and drowned in three inches of water when the tide rolled in," and there probably wasn't enough room on the form for that accurate of a description anyway. "I'll send you an email with a bunch of questions, though, once I've finished reading all this. Probably easier than calling you every time I need clarification on something. Right now I'm just trying to sort out the important stuff."
"What makes you think it's a prisoner?" Cas says after a time.
"Cas." He says it deliberately, as though tasting the flavor of it on his tongue. "I would really love to hear that story, but I need to get back to my route, unfortunately." He shuffles his feet like he's reluctant to go, hands in his pockets, which does some very nice things to the fit of his pants. "I'm glad you're okay." He starts to turn, and Cas speaks before he can help himself.
“How so? You seem to be coping just fine.”
"I thought you were the one who wanted to learn things, not me." His voice quavers and Castiel's eyes narrow, and he thinks desperately of any way to change the subject to less dangerous ground. "Speaking of learning, how did you know where I live now?" Castiel looks away, shifting uncomfortably. "Have you been watching me?"
, Dean.”
Three weeks. In three weeks he has to spend the night in the goblin realm. With the king. With Castiel.
“Take me to bed, Dean.”
Sam does his best impersonation of a goldfish.
"Oh come on, Dean. I've been waiting for you to open up to me for ages about why patrolling downtown was suddenly your favorite activity, and making the crime map showed me that even though arson has gone up a great deal, there's been a gradual decrease in certain other types of crime. People often reconsider doing bad things when the likelihood they'll be caught increases, and those odds definitely go up when the amount of friendly neighborhood superheros suddenly doubles. I've been hearing rumors of someone else in the mix for a few months now, an entity that's definitely not you unless you sprouted wings and you're changing into skin tight neoprene when you leave. Although if
"You have enemies now?" Dean turns on his side, propping his head on one arm. "You running from the mob?" Cas is lying on his back facing the ceiling, but Dean doesn't miss the sober look that crosses his face in the dim glow from the wood stove. It gives Dean pause, but only for a moment. "You know you can tell me anything, Cas. I'm here for you, no matter what."
“About whether or not we’re even endgame.”
The gasp is audible even without super hearing.
"You mean if I hadn't been so busy acting like a gross cliche with all my jock buddies?"
their half-brother. Not that either of them knew about him until six months ago.
“I got into Northwestern, for law school,” Sam says as Dean drives him back to the airport.
"I don't think so." Sam shakes his head sadly. "I messed up, Dean. I said the right words, even though I didn't really mean it."
, Castiel thinks. The sudden absence of the afterglow he’s been enjoying leaves him cold, and the hand that’s been stroking up and down Dean’s spine stills. “Nothing happens with our arrangement. It remains as it is.”
"You're saying that standing on your balcony in this disheveled state is far more scintillating?"
"Fuck." He can smell the smoke and hear the crackle of flames, and on the tail end of that comes another sound. The sound of screaming.
“And where was that?” the stranger says in a choked voice, dropping the amulet and staring into Dean’s face. Something about him seems familiar, though Dean knows they’ve never met before.
you been up to since school ended?” His voice comes out rougher than anticipated, and he hopes Cas doesn’t notice.
"Come now. Is that any way to greet me, brother?"
“I thought I’d never see you again, which doesn’t make it okay, certainly, because consent is
“It wouldn’t have mattered.”
"That must have been hard for you -- that he wanted to be anywhere but here, when you were also here."
He opens his mouth to answer that yes, of course he is, but stops himself. He's spent the last five years pretending things he doesn't feel for everyone else's comfort, and he's not doing it anymore.
- and proceeds anyway.
Dean waves as he hops back into his truck, and Cas raises a hand in return before he closes the door, taking off his mask and glancing down at himself with a shake of his head.
“How long ago was that?” Dean whispers, counting twenty breaths before Castiel answers.
“This is obviously burnt,” Crowley says, wrinkling his nose at the pecan pie slices in front of them, frowning at the whole pie next to it. “Someone didn’t manage their time well, I suppose.”
"And you would release me from it I let you use my body instead?"
“How do you know that?” he says, bumping against her shoulder, but she elbows him in the ribs.
Dean shakes his head. "Dad told me I should move out of the house when I graduated from school, since I was eighteen and could shift for myself."
“Can you send me now?” Dean whispers back.
Dean sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose. “It’s just...I feel like I still don’t know anything about him, even after all this time. I don’t know what I’d be getting myself into.”
"Right. Sure. Yeah. Whatever I can, uh, do." He realizes he's nodding like a hula girl on the dashboard of a cab, and takes a step back. "I'll just, uh, I'll see you later."
Cas turns to him, a confused look on his face. "I don't...
Charlie lets out a frustrated breath, blowing hair out of her eyes as she does, then crossing her arms with a pout. "This is frustrating."
, Castiel thinks, as the Friday morning of his 'family' visit finally dawns. He knew that this day would seem as long as all the hours in the week preceding it combined, and he sighs heavily as he sits up in his single bed and pushes himself off the hard mattress. His spirits lift when he sees the small suitcase sitting by the door, packed and ready to go for appearance’s sake. He knows he'll have little use for most of its contents once he gets to his destination. If he wears any clothes at all this coming weekend, they will be Dean's: threadbare sweatpants washed into downy softness, well-loved sweatshirts fraying at the cuffs and the hem, all of them infused with the scent of their owner, of leather and grease and clean sweat and something elusive, something he craves but can’t quite name.
"I know it's just a physical thing for you, that's all. If you don't want to play couple for the weekend that's fine, I know that's not what you signed up for."
As he pushes his way through the door, he thinks that the house is eerily quiet. The television isn’t on, no radio plays in the kitchen. He wanders through the rooms calling his mother’s name, until he peeks into the bedroom and sees Sam, sound asleep and unaware that he’s alone. By the time John gets home from work, Dean is sitting on the floor in front of Sam’s crib, hugging his knees and crying silently.
“Not always. Our bond is still there. We can’t speak through it, but I can
“This is impossible,” Dean says hours later. They’ve been through the hedge maze, the fiery forest, and the enchanted forest, but no one has any idea where their king might be hiding, and haven’t seen any sign of him. Now they’re walking along the edge of the vast Junk Fields between them and the city. “We can’t get through the whole place before the time is up, and asking everyone if they’ve seen him is equally useless.”
“Define gifted?” He’s clenching one hand into a fist and trying not to grind his teeth, but Crowley catches his eye, and the look on his face tells Dean to play along with whatever he says next.
"You know that Connery wore a toupee in every single Bond movie, right?"
Cas shakes his head as he makes his way to the bar, elbowing into an empty space and finding Charlie alone for the moment. He gestures her over as soon as she’s free.
Dean laughs at the face Gordon makes, and as he turns away he spots someone unexpected across the room. It’s that kid with the bright blue eyes and unruly hair that’s in half his classes, but never speaks unless he’s answering a question from a teacher.
Sam looks at him for a long time. When he speaks again, he has nothing of a king and everything of a teenage boy in his tone.
"Right," he mutters. "That's totally convincing."
“You…”
Cas looks sideways at him and sighs. “Yes, I suppose I can.”
“Is that so.” Meg leans on the table, peering at him. “With who?”
"I don't think you set out to do that intentionally. I don't think there's a malicious bone in your body where Cas is concerned. It's just..." Sam pauses, hands still in his pockets, glancing down the street to where Cas and Jack are talking animatedly next to the Impala. "The dynamic has always been a little skewed with you two, is all. He's always been so eager to please, to prove himself to you, to show that he's not like the other angels."
"Dean!" he says, startled at first and then taking several steps backward. Dean feels a pang of guilt when he does that, but if he gets this right it might be the last time that ever happens. Cas is wearing worn pajama bottoms and a ripped t-shirt that both used to be Dean's, and it makes him smile softly.  "I'm so sorry, I didn't see you. I'll be more careful." He tries to hug the wall and move into his room, but Dean leans an arm against the wall with a casual air, blocking his path.
“I’d like that.” Dean glances at the hand on his arm before giving Cas a smile, genuine and warm. It’s unlike the one that he remembers from their youth, the one that often seemed staged but always affected him nonetheless. “It’s really great to see you again, Cas.”
Kate drops them off at home before she heads to her evening shift with Adam dozing in his carseat, even though Dean offers to keep him for the night
"I see." Castiel blinks several times before refocusing his attention back to his plate, taking a hesitant first bite like he's afraid it will burn his tongue before sighing with delight and taking a larger mouthful. "This is wonderful, Dean, thank you." He spears a piece with his fork, holding it in front of his face to examine. "What is it?"
“Aren’t you coming?”
He's drinking his first cup while standing at the counter when he gets the distinct feeling that he's being watched. He schools his face into a calm he does not feel and slowly turns to face the room.
Mr. Winchester here. First of all, we don’t have that kind of intimate relationship anymore, so spanking him is not my job. Although if you want to do that later, Cas, I’m sure he’d be on board. If memory serves correctly.”
John Winchester managed to kill himself and his small family while on the way home from a charity banquet trying to raise money for the hospital where Kate worked; the same hospital where they died after being cut out of their car. Dean was not surprised to learn he’d once again fallen short of getting his one year chip in AA. Kate had never lost hope, swearing each time that he made it a little bit longer, that once he got to that point it would stick -- but her optimism got her killed, along with the little brother Dean and Sam had once worked so hard to save.
“Cassie, I…”
(He makes note of these observations anyway, so that when things start going back to normal, he can plead his case in a well constructed PowerPoint presentation.)
It’s a lot easier to talk about Castiel when he can tell the truth about who he is, and all the things he’s kept locked up inside for years rush out of him: the trepidation and fear he felt, his anger at feeling manipulated, the attraction that simmered beneath all of that from the start. The way they got to know one another, and how he began to see Castiel differently.
"I just want to take my brothers and go home."
"But why are they
Prince Dean doesn’t remember his own naming ceremony, of course, so he asks his mother about it as she nurses Sam one evening before the fire. Dean is watching the preparations in the bailey from his favorite perch by the window, fascinated to see structures being erected where nothing was before.
Charlie turns towards the sky, tracking the flight of the dragon as its shadow approaches them, darkening the ground as it traverses the air. “Beware the shadow, and the storm,” she says softly, then frowns. “What is that from?”
Sam pats the boy on the shoulder, and Jack gives him a small smile in return.
"We can just share." Cas speaks warily, eyes looking to the side in a way that means he's not entirely sure what type of reaction to expect. "It's big enough for the both of us, and we'll be warmer if we share. Like when you and Sam were kids."
He rubs his face with both hands. "I will need comfort food and a drink to have this conversation."
Cassie had said, thinking that whatever she found on paper was the sum of all his parts. That he never expected she would do such a thing says everything about how well he knew her, too.
"Thanks, kid. You're the best."
Mary’s head whips up and her eyes zero in on him like a laser.
"If this had been a trap it might have made all the difference." Dean shrugs as he squeezes past, pushing the door open to let them both out onto an area of the roof where the ventilation units are.
Three hours later Cas groans with satisfaction as he takes a bite of California burrito.
“Are you sure?”
“Just so you know, I’m okay with either option.”
"But only you have reached the end," the king says solemnly, and Dean falls to his knees again, hanging his head, hands dangling between his knees.
His brow furrows with confusion, but he does as requested. There are two identical silver keys, each stamped with a square containing the block letters
"Talk about what?" The deflection is automatic, but his brother isn’t fooled.
"Ha ha, very funny." He catches the glint in her eye and backs away with his hands up. "Don't even think about it."
A pause, a breath being held, and Dean waits in frustrated anticipation. He opens his mouth, ready to taunt again, but then those lips return to his with
"A lot of the people we talked to used the word chupacabra, but from the descriptions they gave it's just as likely a wolf afflicted with mange. I'm just not getting the sense that it's like the real thing, even though we've only taken them down a few times. The warden thinks it's most likely a bobcat that's gone beyond its normal territory. They do allow you to hunt those around here, but it's not the season for it right now."
Bobby tells Dean there’s room for him in his cottage if he wants to stop sleeping in the kitchen, but Dean shakes his head.
"Let's be realistic. It will probably help him get promoted if everyone finds out his name is a literal description of his character."
"Hello?" Darkwing is waving a hand in front of his face, and Dean shakes his head to clear it. "Did you zone out?"
“For kissing me or for stopping? Because you should only be apologizing for one of those.” He comes up behind him, placing his hands on his shoulders, nuzzling at his throat, and Dean leans his head back against Castiel’s shoulder. “I forgive you. Now kiss me again.”
