“ALRIGHT! That’s enough of that!” Tony screeched in a panic, cheeks adorably blushed as he put his son down to swat at his friend. Steve just smiled, chest warm and inner Alpha preening at being the best night of Tony’s life. “Sourpatch why don’t you and Harley go get us some ice cream while I say bye to my friend?”
He thinks sadly as he sits on the passenger side of the car, not even bothering lecturing Tony about his fast driving.
“I don’t know actually, guess he just knew you well enough. He did say he knew for a long time, though. And he gave me the whole ‘importance of coming out’ shpeal when I told him I liked girls in second grade,” she explained.
“J, roll the footage,” said the man who was skating on thin ice. Bucky threw a glare his way before turning his attention to the screen, feeling sick at what he saw.
She had kept Peter’s secret for two weeks. When she confronted him about it, wanting to know everything – she had not expected a spider bite. She made sure to tell him how lame that was. When he said it involved lab work – she was thinking he was some kind of a mad scientist…not a kid with a booboo.
"Sorry, what?" Peter asked when Wade raised an eyebrow at him.
“You know da Hulk?” she asked adorably, staying near Peter and still looking a little skeptical at the other three.
“So what do you think? Should we grab a bite to eat?” he asked as he started the engine of his Camaro. Joey thought about that before an idea popped into her head.
“Sunset,” the pup whimpered quietly, shaking the anger out of the Alpha. Steve snapped back to his pup, instantly lifting the pup in his arms and making sure he wasn’t facing the woman.
As she blinked awake, she saw what looked like a police officer walking towards her. She looked near her hands, a spilled bottle of vodka lying next to her.
“I dreamt I lost both of them, Steve was in the car with Dad when…when…” she stopped, choking back tears as she buried her face in his chest. He shushed her gently and ran his hand up and down her back.
Frustrated and sad, Steve decided to ask Tony’s best friend - who was subsequently also Steve’s least favorite fan. He texted Bucky for the address and showed up at Rhodey’s door that afternoon.
“Who’s asking?” she said as she looked around her for a possible escape route.
She was two weeks old! If you think I was going to let that happen –”
A few days after they returned from their Avenger’s mission, Peter had asked to speak to his dads in private. The three made their way to his and Tony’s bedroom, leaving Emerson to watch TV in the living room. Steve was guessing it had something to do with Wade, who they still haven’t had time to meet. The three sat on the Californian King before Peter spoke.
There was a knock on the front door that momentarily interrupted the argument.
“This is your fault!” the pup yelled at Steve, pointing his tiny finger at the hurt Alpha.
“Gentleman, please have a seat,” she said, waving at the open space on her mattress. The two shared another look before sitting on either side of her. Steve glanced down at the… six stacks of papers while Joey cleared her throat.
“We could do it before we leave, something…permanent you know? Before my…” he stopped himself, feeling as though saying the word would jinx it.
"I am telling you," he said with an eye roll, "if I could go back ten months ago, I still wouldn't have worn the condom."
He would’ve taken her seriously, except he heard giggles behind him as he glanced back to see his two children sneaking chocolate behind his back.
, is approaching complete strangers to harass them when they're clearly trying to comfort a crying child," he spat at them, only pulling back when he felt his boyfriend physically did so. The two sputtered in response as Wade led the three away from the nasty couple.
“Really?” Steve asked in amazement.
She had mixed feelings when neither made a move to stop her.
“Peter!” his Dad said when they realized his presence. His uncle turned to smile at him, the teen frozen in place.
Wendy suggested various names to her, both deciding “Smith” was a bland enough last name for anyone to try to find her.  The first name she struggled with though. Up until now, she was Ashley Sanchez. She never liked the name Ashley, but complaining about that when she was regularly beaten and forced upon seemed trivial. Wendy continued talking, going off on some story about interesting names she experienced in her travels. That’s when the young girl noticed the small poster behind Wendy’s desk. It was a picture of the moon over a peaceful ocean with words in front.
“Drunk Steve isn’t who I’m worried about,” Bucky said as he moved to stand up.
“You married that,” she said as she got out of the car and walked with Tony to the elevators.
"Brother, you promised you wouldn't say anything," the young woman said as she glared at the man.
“Maybe we shouldn’t do this tonight,” Jo said wearily as she followed Steve to his SUV.
“It’ll be a supervised visit in Melanie’s office,” Wade reminded him, sharing a look of uncertainty with Peter.
“They’re on vacation, snitch.”
“Yeah? I’m not nakey right now though,” he pointed out with hands on his hips. She turned to giggle at him before running to ‘hide’ behind her uncle again.
“Whatever you need from me,” Steve promised as he rubbed Tony’s back, “just let me know, okay? I promise Tony I’ll help you any way I can.” He smiled as he felt Tony relax in his arms, the brunette rubbing his face into the blonde’s neck as he made himself more comfortable in his lap. He smiled brighter when his love’s goatee tickled his neck, keeping his composure as he heard his husband sigh in contentment.
“Fine, but you do need to come down off the roof. And maybe illegally smoke off school premises?” Coulson asked with a small smile, putting one on Clint’s face as well.
“I don’t blame you, he is an incredibly adorable munchkin.”
“Okay! We promise to lay off of cunts, alright? Joey?” he asked, turning to the laughing teen, “promise your Pop you’ll lay off cunts, okay? See? She promises, Steve. And…to be fair, babe I already promised to lay off cunts when I said ‘I do’, so–”
“Tiny tattoos! Each other’s names on our ring fingers,” he said as he again pulled his hand out in front of his husband’s face. “So everyone will know who I belong to…” he added before quickly snuggling back on Steve’s shoulder.
He really thinks his dads would be happy with their gift. He couldn’t help feeling a little giddy that Wade had helped them with it too. The three had wondered into a book store after finishing up the final touches, they still had a few minutes before they had to leave to get ready. Wade followed close behind Peter as he weaved throughout the aisles of books. He shook his head as Wade made yet another attempt to grab his ass, swatting his hands away when he saw a little old man staring at them. Emerson came up to them then, holding a book in her hands.
He finally moved his feet to go back inside, knowing what he needed to do.
“Do you wanna come with me to drop these off?” he asked gently.
He didn’t look back as he left Clint’s apartment and walked home. Anger, shame and confusion burned in his chest as he replayed their conversation in his head.
And that is when they ran straight into Ty.
“Shut the fuck up Brock,” Nat said exasperatedly. “Your fragile ego is literally suffocating the entire room.” She got up and grabbed her stuff to head out.
Joey wraps her arms around herself, attempting to stop the ventilation by just holding her breath – which is not one of her best ideas. It kind of does the job, though, even if she feels incredibly light headed after doing so. She takes a few minutes to calm down, giving up on trying to stop the onslaught of hot tears continuing to pour out of her eyes.
“Well, you paid for the coffee, it’s only fair I pay for dinner,” Steve offered with a smile.
Plus, it gave the brunette the opportunity to ask a question now that Steve was trapped.
And then, well, then it was easy to forget whatever it was that was bothering him. He was just here and now, jumping and laughing in the waves with his husband. His sexy, gorgeous husband who lifted Tony out of the water only to bring him down to kiss him. After they had their fill of splashing each other, they walked out of the water hand in hand. That is, until Steve let go in favor of tickling him. Tony tried to wiggle away from his husband's hold, but Steve had him wrapped tight.
“Juice!”
“Oh gotcha, yeah it’s a fu-messed up system,” she corrected herself in front of the seven year old, even though she heard him frequently say the word. “If you ever wanna talk about it, just ask, okay?” she asked as he nodded, embarrassed. Which prompted the woman to want to put a smile on his face.
“Never gonna happen, Barnes.”
“Kind of, yeah.”
Steve stood there dumbfounded.
“Ow, OW Nat be careful!” Clint whined as he hobbled into the living room, with Nat supporting his weight.
“You know, I didn’t learn how to swim until I was seventeen. Tony was actually the one that taught me,” she said as she pointed to the ridiculous man, currently clinging like a koala bear on his husband’s back.
She smiled again at her Pop’s words. “No to both. I don’t want to think about him. I just want to hear your voices.”
He took a breath to calm himself before giving her a nod, using the opportunity of her releasing his wrist to calmly make his way over to Clint. He had been avoiding apologizing after his only thought was getting Daci back, grateful to see the man readily accept the call when JARVIS sounded the alarm.
Obadiah had Howard on his feet when Tony looked back at them. He grinned when he noticed his father sporting a swollen black eye.
Right, the five year old had seen plenty of ‘adult stuff’ in her short life…
Her friend Xavier bumped into her passing through the halls, begging her to go shopping with him after school for his mom’s birthday present. She whined in protest but ultimately relented, deciding to drag him to some of her favorite stores at the dreaded mall.
The man opened his mouth to reprimand and Tony almost flinched in anticipation - when a familiar voice suddenly interrupted the trio.
“You know children aren't allowed down there without adult supervision,” Pete said as he crossed his arms over his chest. All of them were well aware that his Dad was not considered an adult.
Amanda’s parents met them at the mall, leaving the two of them to hang out with each other for…two hours? It was only six…
“Sorry, I’m being an asshole,” the blonde muttered, catching the other teen off guard.
The blonde puffed out a laugh and dropped his hands to his sides.
“Fine.  I’ll see a therapist. But if I don’t like them then I’ll end up talking to you two. And if that happens, I will require a written and official ‘no takesies-backsies’ per my adoption paperwork. I’m not responsible for what you guys –”
She read and reread the page several times, flipping it over to check out the address and time of the venue before flipping back to reread it. Her initial reaction had been panic, but after a moment she realized she felt...kind of numb.
“I didn’t ask a question, oh wise one. And give me a second,” she said, quickly getting up and heading towards her room in favor of not having to listen to him further. Goddammit, he was probably right. So she walked quickly to her room, went into her desk and grabbed the crumbled up letter. Yes, it was still crumbled, she wished to keep it that way.
“You sure?” he asked.
“Right, you’re the gentleman that tried to ambush Tony with his ex at lunch, while also plotting to take the very company you ripped in half,” Steve said smoothly before taking a drink of his water. It had Tony rethink the whole 'restrain himself from blowing Steve in public' thing.
But she couldn’t help to smile anyway, hearing the familiar rumble as she joined the others in the living room. She made a beeline for the coffee waiting for her and plopped down on the couch next to her Dad before turning to her brother in law.
They both remained silent the last few minutes of their ride as Tony thought more about what was bothering his boy.
“I’m sorry. If I’ve ever made you feel like ‘the girl’ or a damsel or something. You’re a badass man, it’s one of the many things I love about you…”
“It’s okay,” Emerson said, patting Tony’s arm. “I’ve already threatened him with castration and feeding him the remains, should he hurt the fawn.” Peter looked up at the ceiling, muttering something like, “I hate you guys,” as the other three erupted with laughter.
"What do you have against Deadpool, Miles?" Emerson asked with a more serious tone.
“Thor take Tony to the quinjet then you and Tasha find Strucker. We’ll get Daci," Steve said just as Daci’s attention turned toward the Captain before she charged at Steve.
“He would’ve loved you too,” she said to Tony. “You’re good for Steve.”
“They’re getting more food and coffee,” Bruce replied as he played his turn. Steve laughed as Sam grumbled again at his turn.
EMERSON
“S’okay Harley, Daddy is safe with us. He’s not going anywhere,” Peter reassured his sibling while Tony shifted a little.
Barney made a few jokes while Bucky focused on not having an erection.
A few days later, and after several more tests, he decided to put on his big boy pants and tell Ty. What he expected, he wasn’t sure. But it wasn’t for Tiberius Stone, who’d been his boyfriend for almost two years, to up and move to Europe. The fucking coward.
“What are you thinking about?” he asked with a smile in his voice. She shifted onto her back to see his face, biting her lip to keep from laughing again.
Honestly Tony didn’t know, cause he kept playing those words over and over;
“Are those two mutually exclusive? I was actually surprised you didn’t also catch on fire…”
He was drawing in the living room with Tony’s feet on his lap when she got home. The teen was momentarily thankful Peter was at his mom’s so she didn’t have to censor herself. She dramatically threw her backpack down on the couch to capture their attention. It worked, both men turning to her in confusion.
“Sorry sweetie, let me know if you change your mind,” he said, holding back from actually laughing aloud as he moved to exit her room.
“Or I could take you?” Peter offered, immediately regretting doing so.
“Dad would’ve beat his ass, would’ve been proud
“I got you something,” the blonde finally said. Presents always intrigued the genius, who instantly perked up at the prospect. Steve reached into his gym bag he had placed by his feet and pulled out a small plastic red and white ball, placing it on the table between the two. Tony simply stared at the toy, not sure entirely if Steve even knew what this was.
“Yes. My dads. And I can tell you. It’s a
Even though he’d already met Harley, Tony kept the two separate for the first few dates, explaining to Steve that he didn’t want Harley to get attached until it was more serious. And that was after about the fifth date, as the two had discovered that the “L” word - though early - felt right.
He continued smiling when she rolled her eyes before saying with a smile, “if you insist.”
Oh who was he kidding, what had he always reminded himself?
The man took a step towards her, saying just as quietly “your
“So, can I buy you dinner sometime soon?” Tony asked as his car pulled up without anyone driving it.
He would’ve loved to have eavesdropped on them, but he knew the AI better than that. Jarvis would tell his dads and he wasn’t even sure he wanted to hear what they were discussing.
As they made their way down the hall, the super soldier stopped when Emerson went into her room to change. He swatted Tony after he pinched his butt in passing – smiling as he watched Tony tease Peter on their way to the bedroom. When she had changed and made her way back to the hallway, he smiled down at his youngest before he put his arms around her to embrace her. She quickly melted into it before mumbling, “don’t trust me?” Even with her face against his chest, he could feel her smile.
“S’okay,” he replied, petting the stuffed lion in her lap. “Did Simba help?”
“Well that’s bullshit,” James said in offense as he pulled back a little. “I think you’re pretty fucking great at it.” Clint scoffed and looked away but was forced to meet those sea-green eyes when his boyfriend turned his face back to him. “Hey. We’ve been dating for three weeks now, and that’s twice my record.”
“Ha! I love your parents, but sometimes they are idiots…”
[Have you heard from Joey? I got off work early and she wasn’t at the apartment. Took her keys but left her phone…]
“I’m sorry,” Tony choked out, feeling humiliation and shame wash over him. His father’s company had just started to take off, and he knew what would happen if something like this leaked to the press. Which is why the next words leaped out of his mouth. “Dad if you can help me find a doctor we can have it... ‘taken care of.’”
“Yes, obviously,” he replied quickly, grabbing Tony’s arm to essentially drag him the three floors to their destination.
"Daddy?" the boy whispered again, shaking the genius from his thoughts.
They sat in silence for a moment before James wrapped his other arm to pull him into a hug.
“Sure,” the girl said dismissively, shrugging her shoulders for emphasis. Steve looked at her for a moment before grabbing the ingredients from the fridge.
“I asked your father to come help convince you not to completely ruin the company,” Obadiah explained in a casual way, as if this wasn’t Tony’s worst nightmare.
"Good," Tony said as he leaned over to kiss the back of his beloved's head.
“Can Clint come too?”
“–So why are my good Christian boys being punished for the behavior of an unruly hussy?!”
It was one stupid kiss, and yet Clint found himself thinking about it days after.
“Pretty sure I’m the lucky one,” he said quietly, smiling further at seeing her cheeks turn pink from that.
“Hi, um...is this Edwin Jarvis?”
He stopped for a moment and turned to her.
“Petey-pie, what happened at school? Did some little punk tell you that you’re spoiled? Cause you’re not. Just because your daddy makes a lot of money doesn’t mean you’re some spoiled little brat. Your mom and pop both make you do chores, you don’t have an allowance and you don’t get every toy you want, do you?” He checked the mirror again, glad to see Peter shake his head no and finally look up at Tony.
“Fine. I apologize,” she muttered.
“I...I don’t know, probably not I never tried to undo it.”
What the fuck was he supposed to do?
. If we said no and Em really wanted to, you know she’d find a way,” the genius smiled when his husband chuckled a little, both loving their determined and way-too-similar-to-them girl.
“You just don’t understand as an only child, Tony. Steve, back me up here. Were you excited when your Mama said he was pregnant with your little sister?” Howard asked Steve, who shifted a little next to Tony.
“Never. You are always first, Daci. What I said to you...baby I’m so sorry I swear I didn’t mean it.
“Yet you plan on pulling up in a Cadillac Escalade? Don’t you have at least one normal people car?”
And Bucky…
Especially when they were cool with the teenagers going off to go do teenage things.
“Holy shit this is the Stark Mansion,” Sam said as they both stared in awe of the building. Steve parked the ambulance in the front entrance as the two grabbed their gear and the stretcher.
“Yeah, try and tell me with a straight face you don’t love this kid,” his brother said with a laugh as he then gently shushed the shark-monster. He couldn’t help but smile at his niece, who of course he loved dearly, but damn was she being extra bratty these last few weeks.
the other Alpha’s babies! So it’ll only be their bloodline! And he said Steve will get you pregnant so he can have an heir! And...and when you do, he’ll push me out of the family. And I’ll have to go live with Father,” Harley said in between hiccups before bursting into more tears.
But here she was, smiling like a jackass as the most beautiful woman in the world actually liked her back. As they were driving, Shuri's bracelet alerted her they were being followed. She only laughed though, driving a little faster as they quickly made their way to the surface. She suddenly turned the car around, Emerson relieved to see her fathers had been the ones who had followed her. The two men stood in their defensive stance, which quickly crumbled as she made her way out of the car. Her Dad quickly stepped out of his suit as her Pop put his shield on his back, the two meeting her halfway as she ran to them.
“You’re lying,” he said pointedly, dinner forgotten.
“Because this was way more fun?” she asked as if it was obvious. He thought about that for a moment, smiling at his younger sister.
It took him a while to get to this point, for reasons he still can’t explain, but he was here now.
"Well, then I am the house. He is arrested to me," Thor explained. Miles and Emerson both laughed at that, the fathers smiling at their kids.
to be anything. I know I’m straight, alright, I love the pussy, it’s why we’re such good friends,” he said as she rolled her eyes at him while he continued.
“Mhmm, and you used your big boy voice when you screamed bloody murder?” Tony glared at that, knowing his husband couldn’t see him.
The knot in her stomach tightens as she feels the room start to spin.
this evening?” Now it was Steve’s turn to laugh, loving his absolutely ridiculous husband.
of threats, there’s not a lot else we can do,” Andrea said in apology.
“Tony?” she waited for his full attention again. “Right now. In this moment. Do you have any urge to hit me?”
“What if–” he asked loudly, brushing past Rhodey’s point, “–he dumps me for drinking? I would never do it around Peter, but the way he judges people who drink alcohol?”
“Captain!” the Asgardian bellowed. “I was just telling your new daughter about our first encounter, where I had easily taken down the mighty Iron Man and Captain America.”
“I won’t overstay my welcome, Buck–”
“Grandpa, Nonna!” the pup greeted the two with big hugs, which he always got in return.
“Guys! Guys. I’m not mad at either of you.” The two teenagers stared at him in silence. Steve couldn’t help a small smile before continuing.
“–Then come to my place, you know you’ll be safe there. We’ll drop Steve off to get some pictures of your dad while you and I get some Starbucks and donuts. How does that sound?”
“What’s happ- oh Steve you dog!” Sam exclaimed, throwing a wink Steve’s way that he ignored and drank more of his beer.
“My heart’s been hurting lately. I thought it was anxiety for having…‘he who shall not be named’ back. But I had Dr. Banner look at it today, or rather Rhodey dragged my ass down to have him look at it today, and…he said I’d need surgery. Something about replacing a heart valve and I honestly didn’t hear the rest after surgery…” he looked down then, wondering why his family was having such bad luck lately.
“Sounds like someone could use a nap,” Steve said loudly and pointedly, not caring that her cries increased at the prospect. Buck simply glared back at him, hands on his hips before he responded back.
He grabbed it with one hand, still focusing on the word ‘lunch.’
“Good,” he added quietly, “cause if that ever did happen again? I’d make sure you went to jail. And then I’d beat your ass once you got out. Doesn’t matter how old you are either.”
“Peter wants to make cookies and brownies for Daddy cause he’s having a rough day at work.”
He nodded back to the man with a smile before turning away to update his team.
"Dad," Emerson said pointedly to the grown man.
She watched her load her pipe with weed, handing it to Joey as she stared back at her.
“Take that back! I love Clint and I would never cheat on him! Unlike you, I’m actually
He knew the second they saw their kids, his husband would shut down.
“Yeah bear?”
“Are you kidding me?” Bucky asked with his hands up in the air, just as their mom came back in and ducked under his frantic waving.
“–couldn’t if you tried, baby brother,” he interrupted him, adding a playful punch to the blonde’s shoulder.
on the news; from earlier today – when Spiderman had saved a bridge from collapsing.
“She doesn’t have a job, or volunteer and her only friend at school is Xavier. And I happen to know he’s out sick today cause I texted him about coming over for dinner. How often is she late coming home school? And how often have you seen her go straight to her room and not come greet us?” Steve asked with a pout as he finished making chicken alfredo.
“I like Emerson.”
“Yeah, grab a blanket and come sit, you can use me as a furnace.”
And a sick feeling hit Steve in the chest.
“Anything in particular?” Steve asked as he stood up and also stretched.
“Uncle Clint I need to use the potty,” Peter said just as Morgan began to get fussy in Clint’s arms.
He closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths, clenching and unclenching his fists as he heard the sound of the back door open. He listened as his boyfriend moved to stand next to him, his gentle hand grabbing the blonde’s clenched fist until Clint relaxed and returned the hold.
“Come on Steve, the stars have aligned for this! You have no responsibilities, Sharon offered to take your shift, what actual excuse do you have?” Sam asked as he finished cleaning their station before the next medics came in.
The AI paused a moment before contributing, “shall I give Sirs a call then? They are currently in Yemen on mission and Mister Stark explicitly instructed me to contact him if necessary. And before you interject” Damn, he really was good. “Sir would remind you that your mental health is your priority, and therefore necessary. And I also happen to know for a fact that the two are not currently busy, as they are accessing YouTube on one of Mister Stark’s tablets.” Well damn, that made her smile and even maybe chuckle a little.
The sheer audacity of this man made the eyebrows on Steve’s face shoot up. Also, the absolute
Before she could tend to the wound – or come out of shock enough to do so – her bedroom door swung open, revealing a panic-stricken blonde. The brunette stumbled in after him, both sporting impressive bed-head, before Steve instantly appeared at her bedside.
Wade reassured him several times ‘everything will be okay’ which the arachnid always rolled his eyes at.
. I love you so much,” he said sincerely as he wrapped himself around the love of his life. He hugged him fiercely before letting him go enough to kiss him again in gratitude.
EMERSON
"Stop dying," Emerson rasped out with zero sympathy, getting a laugh from him and their little brother. Peter walked over to press his wrist against his Dad's forehead to check his temperature - which was apparently fire. He looked around to see if his Pop had left any medical equipment, frowning before he made his way to the kitchen to grab what he used to see his dads grab when he was a sick kid.
“Tati are you okay?”
The laugh caught both superheroes off guard, who in turn looked to Emerson.
Steve replied in French, loving the look of shock on the two men’s faces.
"Everything okay baby?" the man asked with concern. Peter felt a little foolish, smiling at him before nodding to the man. He moved to help him grab spoons and napkins, followed the man who held his heart to take care of his family - secretly glad for the distraction.
“Yeah?” Steve asked as he sat up towards the man.
“Good for me and Lex, too,” Bucky added in a whisper, smiling at the blush the woman had. “I’m serious. Maybe it’s cause I watched too many Disney movies, but I thought you’d be evil cause you’re my step-mom. But...you treated us like your own from the beginning. If Mom had lived and they’d just gotten divorced, I honestly think you two would’ve been friends. She would’ve liked you and the two of you would’ve teamed up on making fun of Dad.” Cheryl smiled and chuckled warmly back at him, reaching over to brush some of his hair out of his eyes.
But his Mama raised him better than that, so Steve came to a stop as the beautiful Omega stood up to greet him.
“You knew about this?” Steve asked in almost a whisper.
“I told you before,” Steve teased as he gave a quick peck to the man’s perfect lips, “you can’t lie to me.” Tony released his grip but kept his glare as Steve went to open the door.
“I know you’d never cheat on Clint and that he’s the love of your life. But Tony...he’s my
He finally emerged from his lab, content with the newest updates to Clint’s arrows. He thought he would be home alone, since Steve and Emerson went out on a picnic and Peter had a competition and would be gone until tomorrow. He was surprised to hear the television on, opting to fulfill his curiosity as he made his way to the living room. He could only see the back of his husband’s blonde head above the couch, quietly making his way over. He stopped short when he saw Steve had a lump in his lap, registering their daughter.
“So you didn’t bring me in here to fire me?”
“–hush baby brother,” he began, before the two were interrupted by a shout.
Okay. So he officially loved the Barnes’.
“Love does that, Stevie. But it doesn't mean you and I can't hang out anymore. Hell, we can play video games this weekend if you want. Or have a double-date and ditch our fellas? Well maybe not that, I have a feeling they would plot a revenge we'd both regret... Now cut yourself some slack, go find your boyfriend and get out of here. I love you, but right now I’m still running on the adrenaline of winning. So if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go screw my boyfriend’s brains out.” Steve groaned in annoyance as his best friend walked off, though warmth filled his chest at his words.
"You a fan of Spiderman?" he asked the boy while still looking at his fathers.
"I think I'll call him sensei," Emerson said, eyes still transfixed on her hands. Tony poked her side again, aiming for the ticklish spots as she instantly squirmed and laughed at his antics.
Pepper and Rhodey sent over a plethora of clothes and stuffed animals.
“Ah, this was our second date. Joe packed a picnic for the beach,” Sarah said with matching twinkling eyes, warm smile on her face at the memories.
Steve turned around, but didn’t see anything. Tony didn’t even look like he’d heard it, so Steve ignored the sound and looked back at what Tony was working on. But then the chirp sound happened again followed by a small ‘whirring’ noise.
“Just get your drunk ass inside, Buck,” Steve said, pushing his brother through the door and a little away from Tony.
Steve himself had been fighting with who he was for the last 29 years, so it wasn’t like Rumlow was targeting him specifically. He was an asshole with zero sensitivity who regularly threw homophobic slurs around cause it’d get the occasional laugh. Not from his friends, who at the most would offer an amused smile towards the guy. But other medics and EMTs at the station thought he was hilarious – and so it made it cement his idea of staying in the closet. Plus his life was complicated enough at the moment, and if he’d survived 29 years of not telling anyone his true self…well…he could always keep it in a little longer.
Cause he didn’t want to go.
“Go Daci!” she heard her father cheer, smiling when a few others also cheered her on. She quickly left the obstacle course to head to the jungle gym. After evading him there, she continued running from one side of the gym to the other.
“Wow,” Clint said again, looking down at the band that he realized was missing a friend. “We gotta get you a ring too..."
being a Stark. Legally or genetically. That she was a ‘carnie Barnes’, just like her father. It made them better than her, she clearly got the message. It made sense from little snobby brats in her new private school, but a teacher?
He held his hand up to his face, mouth gaping when he couldn’t see anything.
“You wanna see the monkeys next, Harley?” Steve asked his toddler with a smile. Without looking at her father, she once again grabbed Clint’s hand and followed the Starks further into the magical place. As the three children started chanting ‘monkeys,’ Daci realized there was a crowd and she couldn’t see. Steve was able to maneuver the stroller to the side to see while Daci and Clint hung back.
“Turn to page one hundred,” Tony said. “Gently,” he added with an outstretched hand, just as Steve was ready to rip the book open. He carefully opened the textbook, thumbing the pages until he got to one hundred.
“No, Jarvis I – I just need a second.”
“Nah I’m okay,” the boy said quietly with his head down.
The weeks leading up to their anniversary party went by in a blur, so Steve was surprised the day of the actual party was dragging along. His kids had gone with Happy to get them a last minute gift, even when Steve reminded them they didn’t owe them anything. Tony was still deciding between some last minute changes to the catering while Steve sat by himself in the living room, drawing pad in hand. It was only 12:03PM and the party didn’t start till 7. Even if it would “spoil the surprise,” he wished he could be out shopping with his kids right now.
If you don't get the Spongebob reference, then we can't be friends.
"He said he didn't think he'd ever have kids...cause of the serum. And how...we'll eventually outlive our loved ones..." he trailed off sadly, arms moving to hold their daughter closer in his embrace.
“Okay, yes, thank you guys. Please don’t suffocate me before I can do anything official as an adult.”
"Pop you'd be okay with that?" he asked, knowing his Dad would let him further improve his suit. The blonde thought carefully for a moment, looking a little ridiculous using his other father as a literal headrest.
He must’ve spaced out while thinking of Steve, because the man snuck up on him a moment later by wrapping his arms around him from behind.
“Well,” she began as she followed him to the kitchen. “I want to practice writing my name. I thought...maybe you could teach me?” The question startled the man a little, who nearly dropped the bowls before placing them in the sink.
The older woman took a few breaths before moving to Emerson, pulling a knife from her shoe and cutting her hands and feet free.
STEVE
. They suddenly heard screams from the living room, but figured Rhodey would call out of them if he couldn’t handle it.
"I need to get you back to your fathers," she said as she guided the still injured teen to a small vehicle of some kind. Shuri got in next to her, Emerson taking a moment to steal a kiss on her cheek, heart bursting with an amount of love she didn't know she was capable of having.
“How are you feeling, baby?” Steve asked him quietly.
first,” she snapped at the brunette, tears forming in her eyes at seeing them form in his.
“Fair enough. We’ll check on you guys in a few days. Come on Maria, let's check on Peter before we leave,” Howard said warmly, gently grabbing the older Omega’s arm and leading the two out of the room.
The look she gave him reminded him way too much of Tony, one eyebrow raised in confusion.
“Broken heart,” she replied honestly, surprised by her own candor as she stared down at her lap.
Steve watched as Tony took some cash out of his wallet and gave it to his friend, who laughed and tried to add more before the Omega put the cash in his hand and literally shoved the Alpha away. The man did when the pup grabbed his hand and yanked him to the nearby ice cream vendor. Tony turned back to Steve, cheeks pink with embarrassment as the Alpha tried not to laugh at the situation.
“He met you when you were a drunken horn-dog and still managed to call you to see you again,” Rhodey said pointedly. Tony felt his mouth open and close in response, actually considering that.
“Miles, the dude was probably late teens early twenties. He was most likely just messing with you. Though you did give your age away with the squeaky voice,” Peter said without looking up from his laptop.
“Why is that something I would broadcast?”
“Don’t feed his ego, Steve. He doesn’t deserve it,” the genius finished with a glare at the bot, who seemed unfazed as it kept chirping happily at Steve.
“Well yeah. I mean he’s my Dad and I love him. But Pop, he’s been your best friend and love of your life for over twenty years. So, don’t feel like you have to hold it together on my account,” she finished with a shrug. He rolled his eyes before bringing her back into a crushing embrace, only pulling back a bit when she yelped.
“Hey, I need to change out of this uniform, how about you curl up with us tonight, huh?” he asked as he gently extracted himself from her.
“I’ll need to think about it, baby. Steve and I will need to talk about it.”
“Hi Pete,” she greeted with a smile.
“Alright war hero! How about you go lay your old broken ass down now?” Clint barked out in question, completely mortified at his older brother. The bastard stood there silently for another obnoxious moment before finally leaving the two alone.
Steve’s hand gently slipped into his, reminding Tony he was here - further affirming the genius that he wasn’t alone.
“You okay, Joey? Anything I can do to help?”
“What’d she say about Buck, Jo?” he asked in a much gentler tone. She waited a beat before finally responding.
“Chill Pop, I’m like ten minutes late,” she said before deeply inhaling the sweet smell of the sauce. It was also in arm reach, but he blocked that too as they heard Tony pipe in.
“Fuck…” Tony began, “I’m so sorry Steve! Son of a bitch probably ambushed you at work, huh?” he asked as Steve’s face morphed into shock. “Of course he fucking did. I’ll take care of this, I promise. Shit, fuck no wonder you’re so pissed…” he rambled as he started pacing around Steve.
“Ack!” Tony squeaked out, smiling reassuringly at his daughter who immediately sat up. He didn’t want to interrupt her, but his bruised abdomen wouldn’t allow it.
“Well, then you can get one when you move out too,” Steve said simply before opening his soda and taking a drink.
“Harley, talk to me. Why does this upset you bambino?” Tony said patiently, reaching out for his pup only for the boy to swat it away. “Hey, we do not hit Harlan James,” the Omega snapped at the boy, frowning when his son’s response was to burst into tears. He tried reaching for his son again when the boy turned around and high tailed it to his room.
Steve gently raised Tony by his chin to face him again, sadness heavily painted all over his handsome face.
“It’s pants on fire, Patrick.”
“Wow...will you invite me when you win the Nobel Prize?” Steve asked sincerely, but laughed along with Tony at the question. The whirring sound came back as DUM-E rolled over to them, holding a tray with two sodas on it.
“Well…you’ll have time to think about it in your room while I go to the gym. Shower so you can sober up. I’ll go work out so I don’t…murder you,” he said quietly. Joey flinched at that, but quickly got up and walked to her room.
Tony decided on Harlan James Stark, his son’s middle name a nod to the pup’s godfather. The baby had blonde hair and blue eyes, much to the godfather’s disappointment, but was healthy and that was all Tony was concerned about.
“Right? Anyway, Tony actually had all the girls suspended for two weeks and had stuff added to their permanent record. Which…whatever that doesn’t exactly solve my problem. But I appreciate it. Anyway - so, about this one chick. How do you make yourself hate someone?” May laughed a little at that.
“These little monsters are my siblings, Barton. And I always wear a rubber.”
“I’m kidding baby,” Wade said as he kissed his cheek before pulling back to look him in the eye. “I’ll help in any way I can, you know that.”
STEVE
“Why is that one hairier than the others?” she asked, pointing to the cat in question.
Tony had fucked up. Royally fucked up. He had shut himself off in his lab most of the day realizing that he had fucked up the best thing that ever happened to him. It was a pattern, him being the one to screw up the relationship, inevitable to the fact that Steve was also completely out of his league. He did his best to have his PR guy take care of what he could, but it seemed the damage was already done.
“Wow. You’d make a great detective, Jo,” he said sincerely.
James stormed out of his apartment and out of his life. And Clint let him, knowing the other teen was better off. He hadn’t heard from him in days, and decided to stay home from school for two days to mend his broken heart before showing his face at school again.
"He had a bad day at school, I figured you guys could tell him after he told you what happened," she said bitterly before moving over to sit next to her Dad on the couch. The billionaire wrapped his arms around her in comfort as she sat fuming. The super soldier walked over to join them, sitting in his original space between his husband and eldest, moving Miles back on his lap to look at him.
“He’s very nice, do you want to play with them? You could probably tire him out quicker, he wouldn’t be able to catch you.” That had a smile spread across her face as she looked at her father before standing up and walking towards the ‘jolly green giant.’
“That still doesn’t answer why now.” She stared at the teen for a long moment before responding.
“What? Seriously Steve??
someone’s mail - not read it,” the blonde amended in a quiet voice, which only infuriated Emerson further at the lack of denial. She immediately began swimming to the other side with the steps, not listening to his defense.
“I know and I’m sorry Harley. Want me to see if he is on break and can call us?” the Alpha asked, smiling when the pup nodded adorably. Steve pulled his phone out, sending Tony a quick text and smiling when the Omega immediately called back. “Hey Tony, someone’s missing you,” Steve said as he put his phone on speaker.
The sheer amount of added guilt crushed her chest like a lead weight as she realized she needed to actually say something about it.
. She was cute now, of course, cause she was unconscious.
“Ah, see I think you’re getting me confused with the billionaire that actually
"Drug bust?" she asked him pointedly.
Her Dad had ended up telling Xavier what happened, and the other teen felt immediately guilty, asking if he could treat her to lunch before they stop by SI to drop off some forms.
“Thank you,” he said quietly. “Do you wanna see my toys?” he asked with hope.
“Young Peter!” Thor exclaimed as he swung his nephew around before gently placing him back down.
“What was her name?” Joey asked skeptically, unsure if this was some kind of stunt. She wasn’t eighteen…so this bitch was in trouble if she was actually with the paparazzi.
“That boy loves his chocolate…” Tony said with a smile as Daci turned to join him on the couch.
“Don’t start that shit again!”
“Uh huh, can you turn my lamp off on your way back to your teddy bear?”
“And how are you, my sweet perfect Alpha?” Tony asked, squeezing the blonde’s arm and kissing Peter on his little head.
“No nap, Daddy! We hafta find Joey!” the boy said, cries intensifying.
“I already think of you as one of my own, Tony, I hope you know that. And I’ll be proud to call you a son in law...in seven to ten years…” Tony could only chuckle, especially when he heard Steve groan behind them. “How about some pizza for dinner?” Joe asked with a smile as Tony suddenly became confused.
One time thing, of course.
“Fruit, eggs, bacon, hash browns and toast.”
“Ma? Pop?” he asked as they pushed their way inside. “What are you guys doing here?”
“What? Hey! You’re nothing like Carlton, Buck,” he said with confidence.
“Where the hell did you get that bottle?” he demanded, ignoring the glare Tony was throwing his way.
“Alright, you win...
“Oh Bambi, my grandbabies are with their grandpas on Halloween. He can promise no such thing,” his husband sassed.
hurting whenever he thought of his deceased brother. “So I never bothered trying. And that wasn’t fair to you, because you deserve a better dad than that.” He didn’t look at either of them when he finished, feeling a little raw inside. He felt the couch shift, looking up as Joey moved over to wrap her arms around him.
“Don’t fret Master Tony, I brought you grape juice as well,” Jarvis said, appearing a moment later with glasses and a plastic one for Harley.
It wasn’t until a hand shot out and grabbed his wrist did he halt his movements.
“It was after a mission, you made him hot chocolate?”
“Wow, Petey, well. I’m glad Wade did what he did. That would also explain her recent nightmares…”
He was stopped again from moving when the big guy put his boot on Peter’s throat, cutting off his airway. He squirmed beneath him, trying to think through the lack of oxygen to save his sister. One of the men had a knife and brought it down through Peter’s shoulder, pinning him further down as Spiderman screamed from the pain.
"Oh yeah! He's my favorite!" Miles responded. The teen's brows furrowed over exaggeratedly as he looked shocked at the news.
“I used to say the same thing,” Tony answered before gently petting the boy by his side. “People change Joey, it doesn’t always happen until…it happens. Doesn’t mean Steve doesn’t want you…”
“That’s not funny,” Steve admonished as he stood up off the couch. “Bucky he doesn’t mean that.”
“No, you didn’t cub,” Tati said in a much less angry tone and much more sad. Which somehow hurt worse. It felt like only a few minutes ago when she felt hungry, now her stomach was just twisted in knots. “I’m going to go make us lunch and I want you to go to your room and think about what you’ve done.” The door to the elevator opened on their floor, but she stood frozen as he stepped out.
“Yes...
Not necessarily in the bad way, when she first arrived and felt left out. But still in a way that felt like a trance and was hard to shake out of.
“– using humor as a defense mechanism to hide from an awkward conversation. I swear those two completely obliterate the whole nature vs. nurture debate, they are absolutely my spawn, I mean…” Tony realized he was rambling and turned back to look at those beautiful big blues.
“Aren’t you two having enough sex for everyone else? Not every Alpha thinks with their knot,” he said in his defense, rolling his eyes at the two before getting up and heading to his room to change. He had no intention of meeting anyone, but didn’t think that should keep him from looking nice. If nothing else, Natasha might pay him a compliment and that always lifted his spirits. Plus Thor was probably going, which meant they could have a rematch in darts.
“Steeb go?” he heard his baby brother ask in disappointment, the toddler walking over to throw his hands up at the blonde.
“Fine. For now,” Peter agreed tiredly, holding his hand out when the stupid teen tried to hug him, still incredibly pissed and turning it into finger pointing. “But let me make myself perfectly clear, the second I sense any actual danger, I tell them. But...I agree, I will train you,” he paused to wave his brother’s triumph away before continuing. “This offer will only last...until I feel you’re trained enough to show Dad and Pops. You will come to our house next weekend, Saturday morning to Sunday night. Tell dads you’re going to help us babysit and want to hang out. Which you will do at night, while we train during the day, so at night I can have a date with my husband followed by loud sex you’ll be able to hear from the guest room,” Peter threatened, enjoying both the cheer from his husband and look of horror on his little brother’s face.
“You ratting me out to Fury cause you’re a jealous fucking fairy.” He watched as Clint’s expression changed from shock to matching Bucky’s anger.
Overall, a pretty great distraction.
“Oh, no I didn’t,” Steve said calmly. Too calmly.
“Thanks Steve,” Harley mumbled into the Alpha’s neck, somehow curling up closer and...softly purring. Tony had only heard him purr on a few occasions. And it seemed the older he got the less he did it.
“I…” he faltered for the umpteenth time.
“You know, my middle name is Francis,” Clint said next to her as she heard the man behind her let out a puff of laughter. With a frown, she turned around to face him.
"I wanna look like Black Panther!" Miles spoke up, getting a laugh from the adults.
Steve blinked several times at that, wondering if he had heard him right.
The elevator dinged as Steve wiped Morgan’s sticky fingers from her glazed donut, smiling at the sounds of Clint, Bucky and Daci making their way to join them. Clint hobbled in with his injured ankle in a boot, mid-argument with Bucky over something until the archer’s eyes found the box of donuts.
“Hey cub,” he said with a smile as he bent his head to look at her face. The smile disappeared when he noticed tears begin forming in her eyes.
“How’re you holding up, buttercup?” Wade asked as he pulled the shorter man into his arms, not even trying to cop a feel as he snuggled him close.
Steve offered to walk him to his car, Tony smiling at Joey in farewell and glad to see her smile and nod back.
But for now, he settled for watching his best friend walk happily away just as his own boyfriend made his way back into view, walking up to Steve with a huge grin.
“What’s his name?” Steve asked with a slightly bigger smile.
“You know what,” Tony interjected, “I think that’s a good stopping point for tonight. Your Pop and I are going to bed, and we’ll deal with all this love-struck teenage stuff later. For now, you will pick Peter up from school and entertain him at the house until we get home from work this week – so no secretly hanging with miss troublemaker after school. May will be home Thursday to watch you two,” the brunette said as he grabbed the papers and stood up off the bed.
“Think you’ll remember this?”
“We should uh…” Tony said, suddenly noticing how excited he was becoming below a writhing super soldier. “We should continue our anniversary.” Steve’s eyes comically dilated before him, curiosity on his face as he grinded down on the brunette’s growing erection. “I believe there was some mention of me having my wicked way with you?”
Once the elevators opened, the two took off again, this time Daci left Peter in the dust.
“Babe,” Steve began, “how the hell are we supposed to–”
He looked at the pictures again, wondering if Steve had some kind of stress aneurysm – cause she looked awfully drunk to Tony.
“Wait wait,” Tony giggled as he stood up with Steve, taking the blonde’s free hand in his. “Just, let me set the record straight,” the brunette said more seriously, kind of scaring the blonde for a moment. “I’d marry you tomorrow, but I’m not an idiot like Barnes and Barton - who are miraculously still married - and I want to live together first. But make no mistake Steven Grant Rogers,” Tony purred as he grabbed Steve’s face in his hands, “I do plan on spending the rest of my life with you. Got it?”
“Or maybe you’re not as intimidating as you think you are,” Steve said, little surprised with his sass but rolling with it. Tony simply continued smiling, though it was starting to look a little predatory as the brunette crossed his legs.
He’d watched his Uncle Bruce do this a million times. And while he didn’t know the finer details, he knew not to take that out just yet. And to add compression to stop the bleeding. Slowly, he managed to take his jacket off and hold against his side.
upset me too and I also lashed out at people.” Peter’s eyes were wide, though not as wide as the sputtering twin dumbasses as the crowd erupted in both laughter and shock.
“Yeah, but we’ve taught JoJo well, apparently she gave him a bit of an ass-whooping,” said the medic with “Barton” written on his uniform.
Epilogue
“Here,” he said as he handed Steve the toy. “Simba will keep her safe while she sleeps.”
What…did you think that would make me sympathize with you? Oh, sorry, that and you’re dying from cancer and scrambling for some holy forgiveness
“I swear to you,” the brunette began, “I swear to you Steve I want
The last thing he remembered was hearing his son’s voice in battle as his minded finally drifted out of consciousness. The first thing he saw when he regained consciousness was his beautiful husband’s sweet face. The blonde had just kissed him awake, smiling to the genius as he gazed lovingly into his eyes.
All of the training her Pop and Aunt Natasha had given her, wasted as she tried to accept her fate.
“Nat, he’s all yours.” He said before stepping over the man and walking towards his kid. Emerson let go of her Dad to run and jump into her Papa’s arms, who easily caught her and wrapped his arms around her. She wrapped her legs around his waist, arms tightening around his neck as he placed one arm under her bottom to better support her. He carried her the few steps to the door before stopping to let Natasha in. She pulled her head from his neck to rest on his shoulder, turning so she could face her aunt. Nat smiled at the girl high up in her father’s arms before wiping some of the tears from her cheek. Steve continued to hold her and rock her as Nat brushed some of the hair from her eyes, turning to nod at Steve. Her Dad rubbed her back as the three made their way out of the warehouse and into the fresh air. She heard her Dad call the suit to stay with her Aunt Natasha as the three walked towards the group of superheroes waiting for them.
Wade waited another moment before finally saying, “okay. But you’re paying for dinner and providing transportation. My car had an…unfortunate accident. Pick me up at 7 on Saturday.” He turned to leave and Peter felt like he might cry or explode or just dissolve into existence right then. Did he just say yes?
“Would you rather me talk about how much I love eating Tony’s ass? Cause I can talk about how much I love eating-”
“You know, it’s funny. When I found out you were dating Steve, I felt like you were intruding on us. Until I realized I was the intruder,” she finished sadly and quietly, staring at her lap.
And then he could hear him, Peter crying in the background about his Daddy
“Can’t sleep, your tv is bigger,” Bucky explained with a shrug of his shoulder, still not looking up at Steve. The blonde took a deep breath before coming to a decision.
“I am. How did you two hold up?”
"Of course I am! I love you and I love my Tati. And I know you guys like each other and make each other happy. And that makes me happy," she said simply, cause even though she was five she was clearly smarter than the two guys. Bucky released Clint and moved to pick his girl up, tickling her a little and enjoying her laugh before placing her between him and Clint for group hug.
She pulled away from him at that, looking like she was thinking his words over.
“Yes I do!” James shouted back, catching Clint off guard as he took a step back. The brunette was still sitting on the ground, but brought his hands up to his face in exhaustion. They were both silent, with only the sounds of far off children playing in the background. Clint wiped his face as he heard James begin to clear his throat. “You have a point, though.”
Steve felt himself go rigid, unsure how to explain to a five year old that two men can love each other in this day in age. Emerson nodded with a smile as he once again screamed out.
He didn’t get into the art school he applied for or his backup state college. His parents had reminded him that those schools were very selective, reminded him they were still proud of him and his hard work, and that there was nothing wrong with going to community college in the fall.
As much as she wanted to see her Tati, she had seen him this morning before school.
“I was eighteen! An adult!”
“When’d you get so tall?” she heard from behind her, turning her head to see her father finally noticing her. She only shrugged a little before turning back to the monkeys. “You want to sit on my shoulders, cub? You can probably see better.”
“He won’t understand…”
“You said I had to be nice to Wade – “
“Hmm. Should we go see Peter? Or is he in timeout?” she asked, getting a chuckle from the tired husband and father.
“Your one rule is to not use your powers in the outside world. Now you’re going to sit here and think about it while I fix us some lunch.” She watched him turn to go, waiting for him to close her door before climbing under her covers. Maybe if she napped, she’d wake up in a better mood.
After two vigorous rounds, Tony lay panting while Steve left to get a towel to clean them up. He took his time coming back to himself, feeling loose limbed and fuzzy in the best way possible. Steve came back and gently wiped the remnants off his body.
After several conversations with Steve and a few negotiations with his ex, they finally decided to meet up at a mall. Tiberius had begged Tony to let him take the pup shopping, so Tony scheduled for him and Steve to get massages for an hour before the four met up at the food court again.
” he said pointedly to his Pop who was failing at holding back a laugh, “doesn’t kill and or seriously injure Leo, who I should remind everyone, has been with us
Clint hated the shaky breath he had to take but hugged his best friend regardless when she pulled him into one. Even if what she said was right and made perfectly decent sense, he couldn’t ignore the voice in his head telling him he deserves to suffer.
“No I’m okay, go help yourself.”
“She’s hurting, Steve! She misses her old dad, got abandoned by her new one and so she drank. Underage. Get the fuck over it! Honestly, part of me thinks you’ll dump me for my drinking any fucking day now. It’s a coping mechanism. You know what my parents did to help me cope with that when I was her age? They threw me in fucking rehab. What she needs is someone to love her and to listen. Not scream at her and punish her.”
He carefully stepped over the puppy currently investigating the food bag to pull James into a heated kiss, pouring all of his love into it in hopes of the other teen understanding.
?” She clenched her fists further, crumbling the test in her hand and repeating the words like a mantra in her head.
“Oh my god, STOP!” she said with a laugh.
“She’s already
Though, they had also been kind of weird the last few days, but he had chalked it up to a combination of jet lag and adjusting back to their routine. He had already scheduled the time off from Stark Industries, knowing he always needed a mini staycation after a long vacation.
“Sure Pop, Sam’s about to get his ass beat anyway. You don’t wanna stick around for this, it’s about to get ugly.” Everyone but Sam laughed at that. Steve sent a nod to Rhodey before he turned to go to Peter’s room.
He got a notification from Karen that Peter wanted him back home to check in, which the teen considered an opportune time to ask about this cocky ‘hero.’
“Seeeeeeb” the young adult whined with a smile, arms still stretched out at him; giving no sign to otherwise move anytime soon. Both fathers laughed aloud at that before the blonde happily obliged her request.
He picked himself up and persevered.
“FAST GIRL!” Hulk rumbled in excitement, stomping towards her with his arms spread wide.
“This makes so much sense,” Stark said before he grabbed a nearby tablet and started typing furiously, leaving the room without another word.
was actually her biggest fear.
“You wouldn’t mind if the queen had one dance with her king, would you?” she asked, ever so sweetly. Tony felt a flutter of anxiety in his stomach, wondering if maybe Steve would’ve rather had asked her. He felt his friends gather behind him. Danvers herself, as promised, stepped up out of nowhere and got between the two.
"Right and you turned out normal," Tony said sarcastically as he took the weapon from Steve to store somewhere safely.
“Hey baby, I thought you were working late?” he said as he sat up and grabbed a towel to wipe his hands off, turning to the blonde.
," his husband whispered back. Steve stopped him from any further PDA when he heard their daughter groan in complaint.
“You think that’s bad you should hear him snore,” Tony quipped, somehow still looking sexy even as JARVIS mechanically helped him remove his the last of his suit.
“Maybe you should go,” Clint muttered quietly, putting a frown on Bucky’s face.
“We finger-painted earlier too, I have her canvas for you to take later. She’s got a real eye for color,” Steve said with a proud smile on the other side of Clint. “Which is weird...since she supposedly shares a hundred percent of your DNA…” Her Tati unwound one of his arms, reaching over one blonde to jab at the other blonde, which made everyone laugh around them.
He knew Ty was a higher class than he was, his parents coming from old money that vastly outdid Tony’s mother’s old money. Howard had come from humble beginnings, but married up when he’d asked for Maria’s hand in marriage and used some of her money to start his company.
“Money isn’t everything, Harley. We are fortunate to not live on the streets, but we don’t judge those less fortunate than us. All that Alpha was doing was bragging about his extravagant life that was
Tony called him, frantically asking if Steve could pick the boy up from school. The Omega had back to back presentations and had asked Steve before asking anyone else to go get him. Which, while Steve didn’t love the fact the pup was sick, did help stroke the Alpha’s ego.
“How’d you find out?” she asked instead, wondering how much trouble she was going to be in.
He then gently rolled the man over to focus on the scars along his back, adding his hands to roam over the man’s olive-skin. He found himself smiling again as he kissed the tattoo on his upper shoulder, smile brightening when his love chuckled below him.
"Or three, I get a kitten," she said with a Cheshire grin. The two fathers gaped at their daughter in silence as she pulled out a stack of papers out of nowhere.
EMERSON
“And what do you think will happen when Norman looks at the security footage? Or Harry tells him? Have you thought about that?”
“We’re almost there, you can ask your parents when they pick you up from the station.”
“Yeah that works out, I need to talk to your husband anyway. No, he’s not in trouble – this time at least,” she paused to laugh with Steve, “no it’s about Peter actually, he’s doing a family tree for school and I forgot Tony’s grandparents names. Oh? Wait hang on let me get a pen and paper…should’ve known better then to ask that quote unquote genius anyway…” she trailed off as she searched her drawers for something to write with and on.
Tony smiled at his husband whose attention turned to their oldest.
“I’ve shown him the more important stuff, like Lord of the Rings and Star Wars.”
“Well,” Tony said, flinching when they heard a door slam, “that went well.” The genius fell back against the cushions, bringing both hands to rest on his belly. Steve immediately wrapped his big arms around him, hands also resting on his belly while he nosed Tony’s gland on his neck.
“I’m okay Harley, we’re all going to be okay.”
“Remember Harley you have to be gentle,” Steve reminded the boy as he helped the pup climb onto the bed. Not caring about the pain or the stitches, Tony hugged his son, comforting the boy that still had tears in his eyes.
“No, I do just fine as a paramedic.”
“And you claim to be straight, which means you don’t have proper gay-dar.”
“Mr. Stark, I was just telling your husband about what happened,” the woman said quietly. She was sporting a small smile on her face, lips pursing like she was considering ending the conversation there as Leo continued sleeping peacefully. “I’ll let him fill you in on the details, but I think it’s safe to say we won’t be allowing visitation for a while. Mr. Reyes was under the assumption that I didn’t speak Spanish,” she finished with a wink, getting a chuckle from the two men as they watched her nod before turning to walk back into the building.
“Yes, I came to apologize. It’s my fault that you were fired. I’m the one who told Director Fury about your relationship with my father,” Daci paused, feeling guilt and shame wash over her for her own actions. “I didn’t trust you, but my father clearly does. And I’m...I’m just sorry I made you lose your job.” She finished with her head hanging low, focusing on her shoes instead of the woman’s anger.
Last night was date night, so they didn’t end up falling asleep until three in the morning…and Peter just woke them up at…fuck if Tony was going to move to even check the time.
, Steve thought, liking the way the name sounded in his head. A throat clearing snapped him out of staring, though he felt less embarrassed when he realized Tony was staring too.
“Do you want some help getting to bed?” he asked softly after releasing her. She stumbled a little, cursing under her breath as she stabilized herself.
“Why, hello there less attractive Rosie O’Donnell.” The group of five laughed at the joke while Joey stared unimpressed at the queen bitch.
She knew her Nana, Sarah Rogers, died when she was four, having one or two snippets of memory about her. This woman was not Sarah Rogers.
If anything, Clint’s kind of a hero to him.
“Don’t call him that Thor,
“That’s not true. I like you. So does Peter, Harley and Morgan. And the Avengers. They’re your team and we’re your family. Now come on let’s go to the gym floor,” she said as she reached her hand out for him to hold expectantly, giving him another smile when he gently grabbed her hand and went with her to the gym floor.
“Well well, what do you think? Should I make her kill you slowly or take you out quickly so she can get to the other Avengers?” Bucky glared up at Strucker, not even sure his kid would wake up let alone have the energy to keep fighting her family.
. I’ve never liked birthdays, but I loved my 30
“Wait, Nat move,” the doctor said with a hand resting on her arm. Both he and the redhead turned to him incredulously before the doctor took a deep intake through his nose.  “Tony, do you smell this?” one genius asked the other, getting Stark to stand up and walk towards them.
They heard the gym door open just as she finished reading the fourth book, the two turning as Clint and Natasha made their way over to them.
“Hey,” Clint said in offense while Harley and Peter cheered and followed the brunette into the kitchen, leaving the blonde with the two girls on the couch. “Well, Daci you’re in charge, what should we do?” he asked as Daci watched Morgan shift around to pat the man’s face.
“You need sleep,” the hypocrite said.
It felt a little like babysitting, but if Miles got to kick ass and possibly take down a weapons ring...then he was all for the over protective big brothers.
She was glad Peter didn’t end up getting suspended and that she only got two days suspension, since her Pops insisted on staying home with her and making her still do school work. She loves him, she really does. But two days of him talking nonstop made her dream of math class. She and Peter were riding the elevator up to their floor after her first day back at school, both singing along to “Bohemian Rhapsody.” It had come on the radio and pissed Happy off when they loudly sang along, so they continued in the elevator to finish the song free of old grumps.
“I only survived because of pot and cheetos,” Clint scoffed out, immediately freezing when he realized what he said out loud.
It was…actually really cool. Except for the Jefferson thing, he mostly just let her talk without interrupting her to voice his opinion on something. And having him tell her things, obviously omitting inappropriate stuff…like how truly repulsive this Stone guy was.
“16.”
“Okay, well. I’m too stubborn to initiate it and he’s probably glad to be free of a ‘white trash carnie’ for a friend.” She was startled when he suddenly brought his feet back down, seeing real anger behind his eyes for the first time.
“Papa does the voices, you don’t do the voices, Daddy,” Peter said, snuggling closer into Steve’s other side as the blonde shifted the toddler on his lap.
Her legs give out as she slowly sinks to the ground, legs curling up as she placed her face in her hands. Her breathing shortens more to the point that she considers calling for her father.
She didn’t care and didn’t want to hear whatever that bitch had to say. She just wanted to focus on getting through the day without really drawing any attention to herself.
“I’m not a woman either, dipshit. Doesn’t mean I won’t stand up for them against scrawny little assholes like you. I suggest you and the rest of your fuckboy band, get the fuck out of here,” he finished in almost a whisper.
Tony hummed in approval, a smile appearing on his lips as Steve started walking the two back to their bed. His love fell back and bounced on the mattress, putting a smile on his handsome face. Steve smiled back at him, moving his hands along his love’s abs to lift his shirt up.
Luckily the vomiting didn’t last long and he was able to get ready for school. No need to raise suspicions and stay home, the challenge was to get to school without talking to anyone.
Before he could ask her any investigating questions, they heard the elevator ding. Which was only unusual in a house full of super heroes because they normally told JARVIS to give the Stark family a heads up first.
“So? Wanna...sober up?” he asked one more time, his stomach filling with warmth when the pretty Omega nodded yes and followed Steve to his truck. Clint obviously drove and the two argued in the front seat on the short drive over there. It seemed Bucky didn’t even realize there was a fourth person until everyone got out of the car.
"Stop gloating!" she whined at him as she continued chasing the toddler around the living room. "At least put a diaper on!" she said, already tired of running. Steve kept laughing when he realized, her son was not so tired.
“Did you ask Jarvis when the photo was taken?” he asked, still not looking at the magazine.
They spent all of Sunday together; Steve actually found it painful to leave him that evening, knowing he had work Monday morning and needed to go to bed early.
Who was he kidding, he was still intimidated.
He knew Buck used to spank her when she was little. She wasn’t a bad kid, but she’d often do things without his permission or things that would get her hurt. Mostly it was just a swat here or there, but he’s heard Bucky tell him how awful it was to actually spank her. His brother used to tell him it was the absolute worst part of parenting. Steve’s had the displeasure of doing it once, a few months after Bucky died. She ran away from home when she was just twelve and literally almost got herself sex-trafficked. They were both pretty shaken up afterwards.
at not only saying the words aloud, but more so Steve’s reaction. How furious he will be at Ty and…how pathetic he might think Tony is for not leaving him sooner.
“Thanks, Stevie,” Bucky whispered quietly as they listened to Joey start singing again. He looked over his brother, frowning at seeing just how tired he was.
“We could do a video call, if you’d prefer,” came Steve’s suggestion. “We’re happy to sit here and talk about it until you feel better, okay?”
my guy.”
"What do you mean?"
Steve’s finger shook a little as he dialed the phone, putting his back in his pocket as he held the other one to his ear. It only took two rings.
There were four beer pong tables set up, seemed like a tournament of some kind going on that had Buck growling. If he were allowed to drink that evening, he would’ve dominated that game. As he kept walking, he had to side-step a fight that broke out, checking for Clint as promised before heading upstairs to find a bathroom.
He should’ve known better than to do it at school, though. But to be fair, he had had a really shitty day.
After a moment of hesitation, she quietly makes her way to her parents’ bedroom. Her tears are still free-flowing as she slowly puts one foot in front of the other, feeling numb all over. When she reaches her destination, she finds herself freezing again.
“Yeah, we just gotta head down to the gym.” Daci watched him curiously as he lifted Morgan into his arms and grabbed Harley’s hand, leading everyone to the elevator.
“But you only make those during Christmas,” the genius pointed out, warily making his way to the cooling batch closest to him.
“I’ll call Pepper to tell her our theory, you go check on Jo,” Tony said as Happy pulled up to a stop in front of the building.
“Howard?” he asked his father-in-law, who was only focused on the Alpha with a busted lip.
The teen walked slowly back to the Tower, stopping for a few minutes outside the entranceway to stare at the stars. She was grateful she could still see them, even if not as vast and wondrous as she’d seen it in her previous life. Her thoughts drift to one of the last times she and her mother had spent time together – having had grown up in the south and was used to open night skies. It was a few nights before her fake overdose, they were sitting outside at night gazing up at the stars. Her mother, along with a few of her friends, were passing around a joint and gave it to her to try. She remembers the coughing and laughs from the adults, before her mother pulled her onto her lap. She reached over and had given her some water to drink. They leaned back together to gaze at the sky and Emerson remembers feeling like that’s what love was. It hurt you, but then it gave you stars.
“Thanks,
months later...
any medications -
“Fuck you!
“Pop this is my fault! Emerson was just standing up for me.”
So, while she was sitting in detention, she texted old friends of hers that she used to drink with to hang out.
“Alright, someone wanna explain what happened while I was out? Cause I seem to be alive?” Tony asked quietly, smiling as he watched his husband chuckle while slowly rocking their boy back and forth after taking a seat nearby.
"Can I get it cut like Black Panther's?" he asked as he climbed the stool at the island. Steve smiled at that, how his kids were changing their hair for the trip and how Tony would get surprised by it.
“Nobody panic,” her father said, with clear panic in his eyes. It was also at that moment that Harley began crying as the tower shook slightly.
“It’s so great to see you!”
He enjoyed the noise, even at his own expense.
“You’re too good for me,” Clint said quietly with a smile, looking down at Lucky and not noticing Bucky scooting over to him. In an instant, the brunette pounced on the blonde, crawling over him as Clint let out a yelp. James started attacking his face and neck with kisses, getting Clint to start laughing below him - especially when Lucky barked and joined James in slobbery kisses.
“Babe, how long has Emerson been living with us?”
His eyes were still shut another moment, feeling tears spill down his cheeks freely and not caring anymore.
“Sorry Jo…just…don’t
"I love this! Whatever you did I'm sure it's not as bad as all this," his Dad said as he started eating the chocolate covered blueberries.
“Seriously?! Andy? Suzie Q? Come on you little demons, Steve’s got to go,” Bucky said more forcefully, tickling his sister to get her to release her hold long enough to yank her away. He did the same to Andrew, laughing along with his brother who giggled in his embrace.
“You do?” he finally asked with a small smile.
“Or, counter offer-” her Dad said before promptly shoving the man into the pool. Emerson and Miles both burst out laughing as their Pop came sputtering out of the water. The genius was standing tall on the edge, hands resting on his hips in triumph.
“How long have you had this?” Clint asked in amazement, looking down at the ring on his finger.
of my anger is correctly directed, Pop," she said with the spot on Stark snark. Tony couldn't help laughing again, shrugging at his glaring husband.
“Get off this property. And if you want to contact me, you can send me an email at my Stark Industry account, since I’m CEO and all.” Howard unsurprisingly lunged at the words, but Obadiah was smart enough to haul him back before Joe could do any further damage.
“Who’s that?” Peter asked as he wiggled past his father to open the door more. “Hello?” he asked as Emerson shrunk back farther away from him. “Hi. My name’s Peter, what’s your name?”
It seemed like this thing with Stone was only the beginning of their troubles.
,” the shorter blonde said with a laugh, looking over at James for back up. His smile dropped when he saw him just staring out the window.
“Where’d your hair go?” she asked, hesitantly reaching her hand out to touch his short hair. Tony couldn’t help but chuckle as he watched their interactions.
"She must be below us," his husband quietly as he searched around for any signs of life. "There are underground tunnels they use to transport vibranium," he said as Steve made eye contact with him. "The tracer wouldn't have shown up otherwise, right?" The super soldier smiled as he nodded at his husband, both momentarily shaking off assuming the worst.
“Sir had some…assistance. Said ‘assistant’ is currently still sleeping next to Sir.”
Cause she was right.
“I would rather you be celibate,” he called to the two men exiting to the kitchen, “LESS SCARRING,” he added before turning to Emerson. “If you’re going to stay here, you may want to invest in some sunglasses, eye drops, bleach…you know whatever helps erase the image from your head.”
" she said to their fathers with her eyebrows raised. It finally clicked with both of them as Tony moved to grab Miles from Wade's shoulders. The boy settled on his Dad's hip as he looked quizzically at the adults.
“You’re right. I’ll ask her out, thanks Stevie,” Bucky said as he stood up off his stool. Steve’s face scrunched up in confusion, mouthing
An hour or so passed when a tall Alpha in scrubs approached them. Steve handed Harley to Rhodey as the man asked for “Mr. Rogers?”
“Better not Grandpa!” a revived Harley called, squirming from his Daddy’s arms to chase after the chuckling older Alpha.
She heard them both laughing on the other end, then begin talking over each other.
The doors closed but the elevator didn’t move. “Miss I believe you were instructed to wait in your room.”
“PETERRRRR!” he frowned as he heard his daughter shout back. He turned around as his kids collided into an adorable hug, shaking his head fondly as they lost balance and collapsed in a heap on the floor.
“How’ve you been holding up, son?” his Pops asked with concern.
“Hoodlums, Steve? Really?” Tony asked unimpressed as he pulled three cups down as the device brewed.
Tony looked surprised by the question, which had the confident Alpha quickly amend his statement.
“Hey, I love Wade too! He just...drives me crazy sometimes.”
“How you think I could possibly not love your dorky keister is beyond crazy.”
The bedroom door opened as the bathroom door closed, still frozen in shock as her uncle looked at her in question.
Morgan toddled over to him before bending over to turn herself upside down, giggling in his face as he couldn’t help chuckling in return.
“Seeb, up!” she said with a smile. When she decided to crawl closer to him, he stopped her with a hand out and a ‘nu-uh’. She looked back at him with the same offended look Bucky has just thrown at him, causing the blonde to chuckle a little.
“This is Anthony when he was a baby. Your colorings are different, but I can see him in your nose and pudgy little face. Your Mama was a cute baby, just like you.”
After he had tucked Peter in tight and finished reading the story, he checked to see the boy was fast asleep. It gave him the strength to go speak with Joey and end this day as soon as possible, after adding a quick kiss to the boy’s forehead in goodnight.
“Well, guess it never hurt being a real Stark,” she muttered with a smile, settling more on the couch as the words hit Tony like a punch to the chest.
“Yeah,
, Joey?” he asked again patiently, unfazed by her anger towards him. She took a breath, redirecting her anger away from the innocent father and turning to the guilty one.
Peter went from rolling to scooting to crawling and was on the edge of saying his first word. He was an adorable pup who smiled at just about everyone.
“Maybe if you had been paying attention to Daci instead of hanging out with that
It was actually the first picture of the two of them.
“Anybody! Help! I’m being eaten alive by monsters!” Miles joked as he too giggled in laughter.
“Apparently we can heal each other through the bond,” Steve said absently, not really to anyone in particular. But that was apparently what could snap the couple out of their stupor. The two turned to him with shocked and impressed expressions.
“What’d they say?” Steve said as he pointed his kids back in the direction of their Tony.
“Video feed shows Daci putting her hand against the wall and shutting JARVIS down for a bit. And she mimicked my voice to call a car...looks like it took her to...an apartment complex on the upper east side?”
“Did you give your Tati a bubble beard? I keep trying to get him to grow one now that he’s growing his hair out. He just kind of looks like a baby wearing a wig without one.” The statement had her brunette father turn to her in question, silently asking permission for a hilarious prank. You can’t say being clones doesn’t have it’s perks - as they could usually read each other’s minds.
“We could arrange an adoption, make sure it goes to a nice family,” Howard offered, the Alpha quieting significantly from his Omega’s tone.
“I don’t want to lose him,” he admitted quietly. “Once he realizes how crazy I am…” A soft hand with a firm grip on his wrist made him look up into her green eyes.
“Wha…how?” she asked quietly, before looking down at her lap.
- sexually assault Omegas? And it's always been illegal, but Alphas have used their Voice to make children under twelve do things too."
Revealing...some dried up...old...flowers?
Cause this was a drawing Tony had jokingly suggested...and he was staring at it right now.
"-I promise Emerson, whatever it is, I won't be mad. Just say it," he finished with a smile, having witnessed earlier how quickly that boy can fully dress himself. Little dude was a ninja when it came to dressing himself and the genius would be lying if he didn't admit he loved the boys style.
“Huh, never been one to follow tradition,” Howard mumbled to himself, though there was a small smile on his face.
“I wanted you to know why I don’t want to take meds,” Clint admitted aloud, chest heaving as he took another sharp breath.
She fidgeted back and forth on each foot, wondering where in the crowd her family was as the rows started to fill with people. Shuri had assured her she'd make sure they all arrived on time, promised that they wouldn't miss her graduation.
“Yeah, well, get in line.” He didn’t realize he said that out loud, smiling down at his smirking husband.
“It’s Lieutenant General Rogers to you. And when
“Nat’s taking care of it…which means she’ll be passed on to Ruth, if that helps…” Tony said lamely. “How do you wanna handle this, love?” Steve turned away from him, resting his hands on his hips as he let out a small laugh.
, rudely interrupted by Spiderling over there, and I won’t need to intervene to save her ass,” he said, before saluting Peter and walking away. He called out, “till next time, cockeye!”
“If that’s okay?” she asked quietly. Peter went to the car to open one of the doors for her, sliding in next to her.
“HEAR YOU OUT?!?!” Peter shouted back, exhaling loudly through his nose when Miles waved his hands to silence him. “Why the fuck do you have spider senses,
“Hey! What’d I say? You’re at Grandaddy’s, kiddo.”
“I know, bud. He said he’ll be home for dinner and wishes he could pick you up himself. He also told me to make you chicken noodle soup and watch whatever movie you wanted until he got home.” Steve hoped that would at least get a smile from the pup, but he just frowned in the rearview mirror.
“You wanna kick some ass at beer pong?” Clint asked with wiggly brows. James growled playfully before kissing the blonde on the cheek, dragging the two to the nearest table.
“Tony?”
“So, Bambi tells us you’re thinking of joining the army when you graduate.” His eyes rolled at the childhood nickname.
The door opened as his husband came into view, followed closely by the child clinging to the back of Wade’s jacket. He had a mop of black hair, the bangs hanging in his eyes barely covering the remnants of a black eye.
tardy. Then she had a pop quiz in math which was…always so much fun. Then this bitch in her PE class claimed she saw Joey ‘stare at her in the shower’ to which Joey quickly retorted she was ‘not into flat-chested anorexic looking bitches’. It got a laugh from the other girls in the locker room, but didn’t really help Jo’s bad day... and then to top it all off, the girl she actually
“You…you wouldn’t mind?” Joey asked cautiously, even though the woman literally just offered it to her.
“I have a friend of a friend who can help. I’ll give him a call,” Howard said in a low voice, disappointment and anger evident in his tone.
, he thought to himself,
His love machine –
“You ever think of going back to art school?” she asked suddenly, looking genuinely impressed with his drawing. He turned towards her, a small smile on his face.
When the doors dinged open, Clint grabbed his hand again and yanked the two down the hall, Bucky chuckling behind him. He let Clint shove him inside once he opened their door, settling down on the bed while the blonde kicked the door shut.
This time...he collapsed on the couch, and simply
,” Tony said with a note of disappointment, giving Peter a look.
“Hey, fuck you!” Clint growled out as he saw his boyfriend just chuckle.
He had been serious about Lucky being
“...by this pretty blonde boy...who kissed my cheek and picked me these flowers…”
“Why did you copy
A knock on her bedroom door brings her back to the present.
“Alright that’s it. Miles, make yourself a plate and make sure your father eats something besides coffee and a nibble of toast. Emerson, you’re with me,” Steve said as he walked around to stand next to her, ignoring the offended scoff from his husband.
Steve immediately let out a laugh, laughing harder when it took Clint a second to realize what the brunette had said.
“Because I figured you’d get mad,” she said before waving her hands in his direction to prove her point.
“Mama…”
“So…I sort of…started a charity for your first anniversary present. And got the dates confused, which is why I sprung it on you for this evening…”
. You are also well aware one of my coping skills is going for a walk. I will be back before they finish, there’s something…” she coughed a few cries out, “there’s something I have to know. Please!”
“My mother has been dead for three years, mister. I don’t need another one,” Sarah said, interrupting Tony’s thoughts and making the teen bark out in laughter. He quickly quieted down with the look Joe gave him.
“Great! He had just aced some exam to rank higher, or something. I don’t know, I wasn’t paying attention. How was school?”
“Have I told you lately how lucky I am to have you?” Steve asked sincerely as he ran his hands gently up and down the man’s placid arms. Tony felt a shiver go down his spine, smiling back at the man.
He was a man of his word, after all. He had lost the bet.
He and his boys laughed at the implication. “Hey,” Steve spoke up, “I’m only a Stark by marriage.”
“I...I didn’t buy it. It’s a drawing…”
“And that young lady is his niece, Joey,” Tony explained pointing to the girl who looked like she had zoned out, staring at the bookshelf against the wall.
“I do! I love dinosaurs!” the pup cried in excitement, turning to Tony as if needing his final permission. So, being the bigger man, Tony offered his pup a smile and a nod.
“If we’re going to do this. And I mean…really do this” Steve had paused mid-make out session – the clever bastard – to be serious with him. “Then you have to cut down on the drinking. I won’t lose you to something stupid like liver disease.”
They would have to break up.
Her stomach ached in guilt.
“Pete? Are you okay?” his Pop asked, putting down the tablet the three had been laughing over. He quickly regained his senses as he made his way to join them.
“Emerson? Hey honey is everything okay? Jarvis told us you had a nightmare.”
The group of boys were speechless; obviously homophobic but unsure how to respond to a man much bigger than them. And protecting his child.
[I thought it was cause of my (eggplant emoji)?]
“Alright, hurry back so we can eat,” Clint said in reply, struggling with a squirmy baby. The two ran the fifteen feet to the restrooms before splitting for their designated rooms. Daci was done quickly, but didn’t beat Peter, who was just outside talking to an adult.
“Do you really want me to go?” the older teen asked, because although he was mad at himself he was also petty and frustrated with his non-communicative boyfriend. “Clint...I love you. And I know something’s wrong. I really wish you’d see a therapist or take some meds-”
“Yeah, well I should still probab-”
“And thank
“But you don’t, baby,” hating himself for the break in his voice as he slowly shook his head. “You keep bottling it up until it explodes and hurts someone you didn’t mean to.”
“You’re having a baby?” Harley asked carefully with the slightest of frowns on his face. Tony and Steve shared another look, this one with panic.
If they were fifteen again, he totally would have.
“Can I see what you were working on?” Steve asked, cutting off Tony’s ramblings in favor of seeing what the genius had created. In their English class, he’d occasionally sneak a look at what Tony was working as he scribbled on a page sideways. He never understood anything and it looked complicated, but that usually only meant it was awesome. Steve had heard several stories of the fire department having to come put out the flames from his ‘experiments.’
“Tony,” Stane said in a condescending tone that infuriated the genius. “I’m not your enemy here.”
“And we’ve been inseparable since!” he said kissing the groaning teen beneath him.
The blonde sat forward, reaching out for the bottom of Tony’s tank top and gently pulled him to stand between his legs and face him. He rested his hands on his hips, keeping him in place as he addressed the man he loved.
that tarnish the reputation…” Steve trailed off when he saw her shaking her head.
She felt defiant tears cascade down her cheek in anger.
"King T'Challa also known as the Black Panther!" Emerson said excitedly as she released her Pop.
"Yeah, maybe someday I'll let you heathens meet her," her Tati said in a teasing tone.
“Can I be a Rogers instead?” Em turned to ask Steve, who in turn spit out his coffee before he bellowed with laughter. She smiled back at him, watching him clean up his spill before walking over to her to ruffle her hair in jest. “Don’t let Mr. Humble hear you say that, pumpkin. Poor guy may have an aneurism,” Steve said before making his way to follow his husband. “You coming kiddo?”
said those words before…”
“Tony.”
As his Pappy counted to ten, Steve continued tickling the pup, keeping an eye on Harley in case he really wanted him off. But the pup just laughed, making no effort to wiggle away. The Alpha had never tried to tickle him before, but noted it was something he would do often in the future. The laugh and scent coming off the sweet pup was something he’d cherish forever.
“Mr. Jarvis, can you help? I don’t...I don’t know what to do. He dumped me a few days ago and since then he hasn’t been in school and won’t respond to anyone,” Steve said.
They watched puffy white clouds slowly moving across their view in the otherwise blue sky. There was a warm breeze helping sway them slowly back and forth as they laid in the shade.
“But Shuri promised the vibranium would be here by tomorrow!” he heard his Dad say. That quickly got Peter’s attention – who turned around and was instantly sitting on the arm to his Dad’s inflight chair. His Pop groaned at Peter who was innocently looking at his parents before waving his arms to encourage them to continue.
Daci has only met one animal and that was a street cat. After her Tati rescued her from HYDRA, they had to be constantly vigilant. Always on the run. He had promised to show her the world and teach her about all the different kinds of life when they could finally settle. But on their journey she came across a street cat. It was small and scrawny, but didn’t run when Daci slowly approached it. Just kept staring at her until Daci got within touching distance, then it took off before she could feel it.
Tony tipped the kind workers so they could run straight to their secluded beach on the open ocean, letting the three take care of the luggage as they raced each other to the waves like little kids. They started stripping and running when they hit the sand, leaving on their underwear as they dived into the water.
“…what was my second word?”
“Oh man you and Clint are no longer allowed to hang out together.”
He smiled when they made eye contact, noting her genuine smile back at him.
“Not an Avenger, I can tell you that,” she said, earning a laugh from the three. “No, you see, I
“No, actually, I have two gay dads,” Joey snapped back, officially done with this conversation and moving to put her jacket on to leave.
“Mom?” Rhodey called out.
“It’s fine, Pop, just more people to be on my side, right?” he asked as he started making himself a plate. “I am right in assuming you’ll both be on my side, right?”
“Look, I…” here Steve faltered in confidence. Luckily the waitress came back and gave them their drinks, Steve talking the opportunity to take a sip; and a deep breath to allow him to gather his thoughts.
Because there was his girl, his daughter.
“Honey…” the genius began.
“Yes Daddy,” Harley said with a sigh, which Steve counted as a win...at least for now.
Her little brother prevented that from happening, as he busted open her door and ran to her bed. He jumped up and down on the mattress in excitement as she prayed he didn't jump directly on her.
He’d never felt this loved or proud around his father, and it wasn’t even from his father.
to do with him. Our fathers were friends, I’ve known him my entire life. He was…” he paused, face morphing into anger. “He
discuss your sex life all while before
The two fathers also looked at the curled up teen while Emerson moved to hug her brother over her nearly dead father’s body.
“Josephine?” she asked as the teen came to a complete halt a few feet away. The woman looked slightly familiar, but nothing actually came to mind as to why she would know her name.
“Look how young Joe was! Wow, you guys are right, spitting image of Steve,” Tony said with a smile as he showed Helen the picture. A smile spread across her face, eyes twinkling with memories as she nodded along with the brunette.
“You know…I don’t really know,” she said as they both heard a phone ring. May felt her pockets out and checked her phone, a confused look on her face. She swiped her finger across the screen, answering it as she held it to hear ear.
