“I don’t think you need stitches,” the angel finally assessed as he straightened himself into a standing position. A timid smile was the only indication that he'd heard Dean's confession at all.
warning: dean loses his lonely brain cell and is being a homophobic dick for like five seconds until cas puts him in his place
“Are you afraid he’ll say no?” he asks casually after a while.
Sam bursts out laughing. "Who are you and what did you do to my brother?"
Her cheeks flush pink. “If you enjoyed the show, I hope to see you tonight.”
“Hello, Dean.” And he’d heard that sentence a million times but never like this. Not this evenly, like nothing was being held back. It was so different, yet it felt like home.
Dean pulled the trigger when that thing took a step toward him. “You keep your paws off me, you sonofabitch.”
"I bet," Dean chuckled. "Got something to write on?" When Castiel shook his head, Dean rummaged through his pockets once more until he came up with a crumpled gas station receipt. He scribbled something down, smiling as he did it, and then took one of Castiel's hands to make sure he wouldn't lose the note immediately. "Call me, so I can pick you up tomorrow."
cheerful and friendly. He shows his appreciation through less insults than he'd fling at you on a normal day, if you're lucky enough. "So good to see ya, boy. How'd ya sleep, y'look real rested!"
Once he’s showered and has some caffeine fueling him he goes to Jack’s room with the plan to make the kid as presentable as he can. Since angel mojo is out of the question, a bath of the human variety is first on the list. Jack is sitting on his bed in a white pair of teddy bear pajamas and chatting with his
It's not Sam's fault, after all there's no way for him to know about the craziest week of Dean's life. Yet he still has the urge to snap at his little brother for bringing Castiel up. "Nah, Sammy," he says dismissively. "We don't actually have anything in common."
Whoever's trying to creep Dean the fuck out is doing an impressive job. It seems like
"What? Dude, I just spent an
The Impala was well-stocked on everything from holy water to silver bullets, but Dean did not like going into a hunt without being certain he had something ready to eliminate whatever he was after. It wasn’t like they had a lot of time for a trial and error approach mid-fight.
He manages to avoid being alone with Cas for almost an entire week. With Jack off at
. He really needs to get up and escape
“Alright.” He gently tugs Cas into the spot he deems as the most flattering vantage point of the living room and finally does let go of his hand to stand a few steps behind him. “Open your eyes, sunshine.”
"Jack would have loved seeing this," he said and Dean suddenly understood where the melancholy in Cas' eyes came from.
. They part with a friendly hug and she stretches up to drop a quick kiss to his cheek as a thank you for the meal.
“Cas’s is her design, though,” Charlie pipes up again, pride clearly ringing through her words. “Isn’t it awesome? Come on, Cas, do a little twirl! Show off!”
Either way, the trio- who spent the majority of their time calling around to check in with other hunters (Dean and Sam) reading (Sam and Cas) or avoiding each other (Cas and Dean)- was haunted by a string of bad luck. Though,
“He only won because I was drunk,” Cas insists. It’s a poor defense for both the fact that Ash beat him on the decimals and the black eye he earned himself that day.
?” He looks at Castiel as if to seek his approval on the correct plural, drawing a smile from him as he nods.
send a freakin' witch after me who
"I mean it, Dean. This past year, it should have been the hardest thing I'd ever have to endure. For an angel, there is nothing more crippling really than to lose one's grace and with it a more or less eternal existence. Yet, while there were many challenges, I find myself grateful. The things I got to experience, and learn thanks to you,
"Okay lady, l'm not happy with this arrangement either but the more you whine the longer this is gonna take."
“My apologies.” Cas is rubbing soothing circles into Jack’s back, who has been quietly complaining, the air around him crackling with grace since Dean stormed out.
he wanted the angel there, present and alive and not suffering for eternity in the bleakest realm of Chuck’s multiverse. But he also thought he’d have more time to find acceptance over what had transpired between them. To maybe find a way back to that first day when the words had been fresh in his mind. When it had come easier than he’d thought it would as he’d resisted ending Chuck’s life, thereby rejecting the legacy of being the killer the fallen God had manipulated him into. Ultimately, six weeks had been enough to stray so far from any faith in himself that he didn’t dare look Cas in the eye once he let go of him.
“I’m not a dog!” Jack snaps, surprising himself as much as the others. He doesn’t usually talk back but in this case he feels entitled. If it means Dean turns up the music so loud the speakers start crackling and they don’t speak a single word on the drive home, so be it. The glass burns his forehead as he leans against the window surrendering both to the heat and his anger.
He stops abruptly, causing his follower to bump into him, before turning around. “I don’t remember asking your opinion on the matter.”
At first everyone more or less sticks to whoever they arrived with but once the booze starts to flow freely, people actually mingle outside of their groups and Dean keeps giving the Cabin Tour to whoever asks, realizing he’s not really hosting material although it’s too late to back out now that everyone’s here already. Luckily, Cas promises not to leave his side when he rejoins him. They get a few quiet moments together, leaning against the railing of their patio as they overlook their friends and family shower Sam and Eileen with attention and Dean finds himself fighting a lump in his throat.
This is how they find themselves in three matching chairs, legs stretched out in front of them. The sand is hot enough to almost burn his skin but he is not complaining. A fresh ocean breeze and the rhythmic push and pull of the waves as they hit the shore beat research in their windowless bunker any time. And yeah maybe he’s not as engrossed in what he’s supposed to be doing, namely looking up more information on some lore that could be connected to the island on his phone or finding a local to talk to and interrogate a bit. Instead he finds himself people watching, though
There’s something close to panic in Dean’s voice when he speaks. “I
More guests start to arrive once the sun begins to set and the light from the lanterns gets competition from the loyal horde of fireflies that has become so sizeable, Dean is sure they could easily replace all artificial light sources set up around them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean had seen the look on the girl’s face before. “A girlfriend then.” It wasn’t a question but Katie’s blush gave him an answer anyway. “Let me guess, mommy dearest wasn’t a fan of that either.”
Dean disagreed but didn’t verbalize it around a mouthful of stale sausage.
It turns out, Jack really doesn’t want to let go of Cas because several hours later when they are all settled around one of the big tables in the library he’s still sitting in the angel’s lap. Any attempts to extract him have backfired spectacularly, resulting only in more near-explosions. For now Jack seems to be content, mostly due to the fact that Cas is shoving spoon after spoon of sugary cereal in his mouth. Sam tried to protest, thinking something healthier would be more appropriate, but ultimately he had to agree with the others that they did not have the time to prepare a balanced meal. Instead, he has been occupied with surfing the internet for a general idea of items they’ll need to buy if Jack is going to stay de-aged for the foreseeable future. Topping the list are of course clothes, and lots of them. Most of the milk in the bowl has landed on Jack’s onesie instead of in his mouth and while Cas has tried to clean him with some of his grace, the nephilim doesn’t like being mojo’d. Like Gabriel had warned them, everything has to go according to Jack’s wishes,
Dean finds himself at a complete loss for words before offering an eloquent, “What?”
. Of course the task of making Dean Winchester acknowledge his worth has always been Sisyphean work on a
“Well ain’t he just a ray of sunshine,” the sheriff commented sarcastically.
To show his appreciation, Dean makes a mental note to get his saint of a brother the aisle seat on the flight back. And also a pair of earplugs for when they’re back at the bunker.
“Oh come on,” Dean whines, not missing the way Cas clearly suppresses a smile at the whole exchange. He refuses to acknowledge the way he’s blushing profusely and just pulls out a chair for himself, ready to sit down and sulk.
“Makes sense,” he murmurs. “Still, um. Sam was really worried.”
“Well, your ‘connection’ really fucking hurt Cas’ feelings.” Sam crosses his arms. “Especially after the way you took off.”
“I… Yeah. I will.”
“My life for his." Cas looked up at him with enough emotion to knock him over if he hadn't been too shocked to move even a single muscle. "The Empty didn't want to release him. I told her she'd get me instead."
“Maybe we can grab a beer after the show?” she offers but it’s not a question that requires a committed answer when she turns and makes her way back down along the beach.
In lieu of a reply Cas shrugs out of his trench coat, tossing it on a chair by the kitchenette. He then untucks his dress shirt and pulls it up, revealing a crooked two-inch scar just below his belly button. “I wasn’t very good at sewing then.”
With that Cas starts to move toward the door, though it feels like something inside Dean’s chest will implode if he actually let’s him walk away. He clears his throat, combating the awkwardness of what he’s about to say next:
Cas’ eyes fluttered open. “We made it?”
“Dude, I wasn’t.” For a moment Sam seems appeased. Then Dean points ahead, saying: “That guy on stilts has you beat.”
. She's gonna perform at the thing tonight and I figured we could use a contact. She also told me a whole bunch of shit that might be helpful."
“Dude, I’m not trying to be an ass but think about it for a second. Say I go see someone and they ask me a bunch of questions – what am I gonna tell ‘em? That every time I close my eyes it feels like I lose control? That every night I feel like I’m being suffocated by the infinite age-less void that consumed my best friend in front of me? That I hear him calling out to me but I can’t do shit to save him? C’mon, Sam. You know as well as I do that all that would get me is an all-inclusive stay in a padded cell with a complimentary straight jacket.”
. If only to convince himself that he still isn't interested. He drops a couple of bills on the table to cover for his lunch and makes his way across the street. When the guy sees him approaching as he looks up from his books he straightens himself, looking Dean up and down as if to try and guess what type of person he is. Dean doesn't really like being evaluated like that, it's different from being ogled appreciatively. Regardless, he puts on his effortless smile, ready to hit the guy with his unrivalled charm full force.
“Dean… I’m gonna say this once, and then I’ll never mention anything again unless you want me to, but you and Cas… You’ve been a constant. No matter what happened to us, you two have always found your way back to each other. Now I won’t tell you how you feel or what this could mean, but I’m asking you to think about it. For this once, think about if it
“So,” Dean pokes Cas playfully in the side, fighting the sudden lump in his throat. “Instead of complaining about all the things you
“Finally decided to take pity on me, huh?” There’s no real annoyance behind his words as he pulls Cas closer by their joined hands. Cas is about to respond with what is likely a deadpan remark when a soft breeze picks up around them. Usually Dean would have dismissed it but he can feel the hairs on his arms standing up as a pleasant shiver floods his skin. Cas clearly feels it too, a smile spreading on his face.
of that piss Cas of all people off enough to break through his stoic demeanor, and to a point that had him slamming doors, no less? They’ve tried to kill each other, on more occasions than he’d like to admit. But a conversation with someone over some onion rings,
“You think you can mock me, human,” it said, voice booming through the tunnels. Behind it, Dean could see Cas sneaking closer, angel blade ready to strike.
He fully expected the creature to come at him full force and crush him like he was a porcelain doll but instead it spun around, transforming before his eyes.
The guy sounds pissed and Dean wrecks his brain thinking of what he might have said or done wrong. When he can't come up with anything he decides to just go with appeasement politics. The burgers are about ready, the warm patties just waiting to be filled with meat.
It earned him an amused huff. “We will all forever regret the day he told you that.”
The sigh Dean got in response was one of exasperation. "I am aware. It doesn't change the fact that I wouldn't have hesitated in giving it up. Not for you."
could see was the people I cared for the most destroying each other. And all I could do was watch hopelessly, knowing I’d lose everything.”
Dean shook his head. "Milk only." The glare Charlie shot him was one of disapproval but when Dean went to get the milk container and handed it to her she grinned toothily at him nonetheless. "Hey, Cas, you want anything?" Dean was stalling because right now things weren't awkward between him and Cas, at least not more than usual, and he feared that if he sat too close that might change.
Before that could happen, however, a pair of strong, gloved hands came up to grab his midsection. "Hey, Benny, little help here!" a voice yelled and another moment later Castiel found himself face to very well-formed behind as he was thrown over the shoulder of one of the security guards. It was almost surreal to be on the ground again after that strange excursion and it took a moment for Castiel to wrap his head around the concept of walking again.
The hunter didn’t let him finish. “I thought we could talk things over but you clearly aren’t up for that. Thing is, we can’t work if you’re just gonna be resentful the entire time. So, get it out of your system. Punch me in the face or something, it’ll make you feel better. We both know I deserve-”
Sam comes strolling in with Jack’s little dinosaur backpack slung over his ginormous shoulders, hilariously dwarfing it further. His eyes fall on Cas and he smiles. “Oh, you’re back already. That’s good.”
A part of him hoped that Cas’s last words, directed at him and only him, would fade with time, one by one, like fireflies in a mason jar slowly losing their glow. That way he wouldn’t have to carry their profound weight in his heart for the rest of his life. At the same time it was his greatest fear that one day he might not remember them all. For now, they were a part of him, keeping him together like Cas had sewn them into the core of his very being with hurried stitches that would unintentionally leave a scar. It was poetic in a way, how Cas had marked him on the outside when they first met, and slowly worked his way inwards until he’d signed his name irrevocably into Dean’s heart; The battered organ of a broken man that he claimed was capable of so much love that it had been worth rebelling for. Like divinity had been a small price to pay for twelve years of purpose by the Winchesters’ side. It had been beyond Dean’s comprehension in the moment, how the angel could speak with such reverence about him,
“There has to be a way,” Sam urges. “Come on, you don’t want to do this.”
"Sounds like you're not gonna get off my back otherwise. So fine. You have until I'm done eating the lunch I was gonna have before you ambushed me. Your treat."
Dean’s eyes fly open to see Sam standing with his arms flailing and his face distorted in an expression that would be hilarious if Dean had any capacity to care left in him. Behind his brother, the ragtag group of circus performers, now including the Goatfacers, are in hysterics.
Things have been good. Like,
"Oh?" Dean asks. "So you
Their hands never strayed far, both of them showing almost annoying levels of restraint as the kiss faded out once the need to breathe grew too urgent. Under these circumstances, the feeling of being ever so slightly light-headed from lack of air was a welcome one. When Dean opened his eyes only to find himself staring back at Cas he couldn’t hold back the smile sneaking its way onto his face. Cas looked positively dazed as he smiled back before he disentangled himself from Dean’s grasp.
“Shit,” Dean mumbled under his breath.
“Did Sam call you?” He hadn’t actually had the stones to do as much as send a quick text Cas’s way after the whole djinn incident.
"She's giving them away for free," the bookseller clarifies. "So everyone can… '
"We shall need a crossbow, an hourglass, three goats, one of us must learn to play the trumpet, whilst the other one goes like this," Dean wiggles his fingers in the air while slurring out his best Jack Sparrow impression.
And the thoughts of a fool's kind of careless
The unexpected interruption caused the car to swerve ever so slightly before Dean regained control. “But- you don’t even know what I was gonna say!”
“What’s with the strip tease?”
“Well, for one I ain’t stopping you if you wanna continue with
“If he wants to talk he can come here,” Jack murmurs stubbornly, more to himself than the room at large.
Finally Cas cracks a smile too, though it’s as subtle as ever. “I may have been an idiot,” he admits.
Dean blinked dumbly. "What?"
"Wait here," Castiel says with a sigh, hand halfway extended Dean's way as if he wants to touch him one last time before shit hits the fan. He never does, though, just turns around and walks off. Dean's head falls back against the shelf behind him and he closes his eyes.
“Dean, we didn’t lose him.” Sam barely allows himself a sideways glance at his brother. “I think this
“Dude, you’re drooling,” he says.
Dean stepped forward, pulling a fake badge from his jacket and trusting Cas to do the same. “I’m Agent Elliott, this is my partner Agent Collens, FBI. We’re here about the recent disappearances.”
“’Sides. You could come visit, if you want. Relax. You deserve it as much as I do. And… I’d want you there.” A smile rang in his voice as he was quick to follow up the raw confession with some good old deflection. “Plus, I make a mean smoked trout. You wouldn’t wanna miss out on that.”
him. Cas’s mouth fell open in a question he never got around to forming because Dean took the words from him and replaced them with his own.
– he wouldn’t be the professional he is without a smooth way out of this mess, so he flashes a smile and pats Cas’s cheek maybe a bit too condescendingly before taking a step- or
like?”
Dean had never been more eager to spend time in the archives.
The information clearly didn’t compute right away. “
Some digging revealed a pair of very broken arms, attached to a body that was as good as frozen stiff. They immediately recognized the unmistakable handlebar mustache.
"I can help with that," Castiel murmurs, searching Dean's eyes in earnest. "If you will let me."
Castiel managed a glare as he yelled after his brother, "I'm still mad at you."
“Okay then,” Dean mumbled. The temperature had dropped quite a bit compared to what it had been in Kansas and his wet clothes weren’t exactly helping. He needed a hot shower and then at least a couple of hours worth of shuteye. The hunter peeled out of his wet flannel and t-shirt, unceremoniously dropping them to the floor. As he opened the door to the bathroom he could swear that he felt the angel’s eyes on his back but when he turned to look, Cas’ eyes were still shut.
Cas looked like he was about halfway to hugging Dean and shielding him from the evils of the universe. His eyes had lost their menace and instead were two deep sad pools of blue. "Oh, Dean," he said with a slow shake of his head. "Don't you understand? I did not lose anything. Not in the sense that you're describing. Yes, I have caused great disputes among my siblings and done them more harm than I have intended but those who understand my motives, like Hannah, will stand by me regardless. And Heaven... Heaven is at peace again, at last. It is now more of a home to the angels than it has ever been... but it isn't for me anymore. To be quite honest, I'm not all that sure if I have a place to call home at all seeing as I have been on the road for the past year."
A frown found its way onto Castiel's face at the other man's obvious self-depreciation but there was no time to comment on it since Dean was already walking back toward the stage. "Of course." He got up and threw his cup in a nearby trashcan before breaking into a jog to catch up with the security guard. "I apologize for taking up so much of your time."
There it is again, this all against one mentality, as if Jack had any hand in whatever Lucifer’s twisted plan had been. He’d felt safe in siding with his family then, his loyalty unwavering even when faced with the ideas of grandeur and the promises his so-called father had showered him with.
"But you didn't."
“Yeah, well.” Sam huffs a laugh. “I just spent what felt like forever meeting Eileen’s family and at the same time it still seems like I just got here so it’ll take some getting used to.”
Whatever he expected, it’s not this.
The thought made him absentmindedly reach up to his neck, reminded of the choke-hold he’d helplessly experienced in the dream. He had felt the ghost of soreness ever since he woke up but had dismissed it, blaming the fact that he’d barely allowed himself to process anything before fleeing his bedroom. Now that he was definitely more awake and decidedly felt like an idiot for how afraid he’d been he’d expect the phantom feeling to disappear as well. He looked around himself in search of a reflective surface. While the bunker was home to a great many things, mirrors clearly hadn’t made the cut in the planning phase beyond the bathrooms. Usually this was not a problem as Dean liked to achieve an effortless style, the less effort the better. How his walking L’Oréal commercial of a brother dealt with it wasn’t his concern. He didn’t know what compelled him but before he could examine his actions too closely he was already stalking down the corridor to the shower room, leaving Miracle, who was still fully captivated by his food bowl, behind. It felt demeaning to give into his anxieties like that, he thought as he was faintly aware of the way his heartbeat sped up once he reached his destination but with no one there to bear witness he didn’t find the strength within himself to fight the compulsion. It took him a full minute of standing at one of the sinks with both hands braced on either side of it before he actually dared to look up at his reflection.
“Right,” Dean says, presumably still glaring at the angel. “Got any constructive opinions or did you just come down here to bitch at me?”
Dean is done with the heavy conversations then, instead throwing an arm over Cas’s shoulder and steering him through the living room toward the sliding door that leads to the meadow outside. He jokes that he demands a tour of the garden and won’t leave before he gets it. It has the desired effect of finally drawing a genuine smile from Cas. They step outside into what is a perfectly mild summer day. Cas’s patio is not exactly spacious but it holds two battered deck chairs with a narrow side table between them that look pretty damn inviting. Before he gets to sit down, Cas is leading the way toward a well-trodden path that snakes through the meadow and Dean follows willingly, not ready to drop his arm and lose the physical contact. He tries to listen to what Cas has to say about biodiversity and pollinators as he points out different plants and insects buzzing around them but all the words just kind of mix together into a soothing hum. Damn he fucking missed that voice. It has lost some of its gravel up here, or maybe Cas is simply no longer holding back any part of himself, but it provides such a strong feeling of home, Dean doesn’t quite know what to do with it. He hasn’t conjured a place of his own yet, always either crashing at his parents’ house when in need of comfort or taking his car for a spin when he wanted alone time, and it’s been nice but nothing has come close to what he feels now standing in a purple patch of widow flowers with Cas.
«You know what, Dean. I may be a fool for saying this, but yes. It would have counted.» Cas stepped closer, as he had done countless times before. «If you then had not proceeded to hold my grief, my
started playing. Springsteen would do.
(See the end of the chapter for
The look the angel sent Dean’s way was nothing short of gloating. “I’m glad we agree,” he said.
“Dean.”
“I wish you could have been there,” Sam says wistfully, accepting another bottle Dean pulls from the fridge for him. “For everything. Our wedding. Holidays. Your
Castiel nodded his thanks and drowned the cup in one large gulp, only now realizing how dry his throat was. Dean took a couple of small sips of his own water, watching Castiel closely from where he was standing. "So, what exactly has a guy like you comin' to an event like this, huh?"
“You’re enjoying it,” Cas says around a big yawn. A look at his watch reveals it’s way past midnight. Most of the guests have left and the hired staff have already begun the process of cleaning up. Originally Dean’s plan was to drive here and then take a cab home but his last drink lies several hours back and he feels more than sober enough to drive home. He remembers from when he dropped Cas off after their last outing that his apartment building isn’t too far from this location and almost on Dean’s direct route home.
“Ain’t that when it matters the most?”
,” that he has taken to using so often with the boy in order to engage him in activities, Castiel feels his heart swell in his chest and has to avert his eyes to stop himself from being caught staring.
“Let’s go,” Cas says, his voice sounding wrecked with emotion. He takes a step back, collects himself and sends Dean a look that makes his knees weak in a way no alcoholic beverage has ever managed.
Cas surprises him when he answers immediately.
"What,
Setting the book aside, Dean smiles without meaning to. "No. No, tea's great, Cas. Thank you." He accepts the cup as Castiel hands it over before sitting down far enough away to cause a little ball of disappointment to form in Dean's stomach. He overplays it by taking a sip- and grimacing.
And okay that wasn't shit they talked about, ever. It was one thing for Sam and Dean to take turns in making sacrifices for one another no one should ever have to even think about, but Dean had somehow overlooked the fact that they had recruited Cas into their suicide squad along the way. "Dude, no." Dean sighed. "This... Fuck, Cas. How did we get here, huh? How the hell did it come to this?" A moment later the hunter realized that, basically,
could to get things back on track and now they are. Be proud of that.”
"I found it this morning. It was in the box with angel lore. I must have… misplaced it."
Castiel watches him make a beeline for the fridge where he takes out some of the previous day’s pasta leftovers, already dreading where this particular affront to cooking is headed. A pack of taco shells joins the bland noodles on the counter. So does a bottle of ketchup. Castiel doesn’t eat but he knows even before Sam’s protesting grunt that these aren’t ingredients that should be combined under any circumstances. With the morbid curiosity that comes with watching a natural disaster unfold he looks on as Dean takes a fistful of noodles and stuffs it into an empty corn shell before generously christening his creation with ketchup. He holds it up with a wide grin on his face.
“Oh, so you were cool with being away, that’s-- That’s just awesome, Cas, thanks. You really know how to make a guy feel special.” His brother sounds genuinely hurt and a glance at Cas reveals that the angel at least has the decency to look guilty when Dean gets up and disappears toward the kitchen.
He barely gets further than a peck when Cas places a gentle hand on his chest, keeping him at a slight distance. For a second there is some confusion because Dean’s body takes a moment to get the memo but Cas patiently waits, his hands softly continuing their idle exploration. Once Dean has regained some semblance of control he offers an inquisitive look, waiting.
Sam finds himself huffing out an incredulous breath at the understatement.
“Maybe I’d be doing better if you at least pretended to care what it’s like for
Cas just murmured his agreement, still catching his own breath.
stop calling me Sammy
A heavy sigh is the only response he gets at first and Dean halfway expects Cas to turn around and leave for good. It’s not all that surprising when he doesn’t, though. At the end of the day this is still Cas, who’s always trying to do the right thing. A lot of the time that thing ends up to be leaving, which in turn mostly turns out not to have been the right thing after all.
"And?" The mechanic has a faint idea where the conversation may be headed. Doesn't mean he can't hope that he's wrong.
Sam looks first at Dean, then at the girl, before his expression changes into one of barely concealed mockery. “Oh, I see.”
“I hate all of you,” Dean groans, before adding for Cas specifically: “Don’t you dare correct me.”
“I thought you were shitfaced, what gives you the right to drop wisdom like that?”
"Shut up."
As if on cue he hears footsteps downstairs, followed by a very neutral rendition of “Dean?”
“You’re still drunk.”
Shit.
The mechanic sighs. "Yeah. Thanks, Sam."
“I promise.”
The house was clear of victims other than the one whose disappearance had alerted them to the case in the first place. After burning the djinn’s body in the courtyard of the abandoned building, they were soon back in the Impala and on the road with Sam behind the wheel. Dean was staring out the window at the blur of distant street lights while trying to ignore both his pounding headache and his brother’s subtle glances.
The statement was somewhat dumbfounding. “What?”
“We can play other games, Jack. You’re gonna get cold if you stay in the water too long.”
“Anything to get out of the heavy lifting, am I right?”
“I’m not your dietitian” Sam replied with a tinge of annoyance before grabbing the paper bag that presumably held Dean’s breakfast and tossing it at him without looking up from his computer even once. Dean caught the bag with ease, happy when a look inside revealed a regular breakfast sandwich. He pulled it out and took a slightly too big bite out if before plopping down in the chair across from his brother. For a while they ate in silence but he noticed Sam casting him a glance every once in a while. He didn’t think anything of it at first, believing Sam was probably going to make a comment about his obnoxious way of eating or something along those lines but when Sam instead leaned back in his chair to openly stare at him he knew something was definitely up.
The meat, formed into close-to-perfect patties, is already sizzling in a pan when Castiel finally reappears. He does so like he did in the morning, silently and with the secret purpose to make Dean jump in surprise. Which he doesn't do… much. "Christ, I'll seriously get you that bell we talked about if you don't start announcing yourself."
“Listen to me, Dean,” Cas started, clearly prepared to monologue. But this wasn’t the time.
“Fuck you, Samuel!”
Some of his favorite expressions are easily evoked by a simple cup of coffee. In the mornings Dean is usually up first, still insisting that all he needs is four hours, and he enjoys the time alone in the quiet cabin as he fills their little French press with boiling water. He’s always made coffee for Cas even back in the bunker, and while the angel had sometimes taken the time for some lazy conversations over breakfast, more often than not he declined the offer. Now he would never dare. Heaven has transformed him into a caffeine junkie. Dean is convinced if there was a way to inject some
she was way too easy! God
“I see you’re alive ‘n well,” he growled. “So what’s your excuse for ignoring my calls?”
“Then don’t fucking wait much longer. Listen to an old man.” It’s ridiculous that Sam is actually serious because he doesn’t
"Say Hi to Jo for me."
Cas has never been a great conversationalist but he
listening to you ramble about books. Books! Don't you think I deserve some credit for that?"
had trouble sleeping,” Castiel explains. “So we thought we’d read about the little prince and the fox.”
The Impala’s tires screeched on the pavement as Dean pulled out of his parking spot, already on high alert. “Text your location to this number and I’ll come to you.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“That’s not true. Jack didn’t
Before Dean can do anything more than nod his head, a dry pair of lips covers his, effectively short-circuiting every thought process whatsoever. It's merely a quick peck, over just as sudden as it started, but Dean is sure it's already the best kiss he's had so far. Neither pulls back far and Dean seizes the moment to finally run a hand through Castiel's hair, eyes still shut. They stay like that for a little while, just enjoying the moment.
When Dean slowly drifts back to consciousness, he feels weird for multiple reasons. He’s well-rested, for one, which only happens once in a blue moon if at all, but this isn’t his bed. The clear lack of memory foam tells him as much, with his right arm dead asleep at his side where the stiff mattress evidently
because you and I are both well acquainted with the past. What I will not ignore, Dean, is that you did not deserve to end up in Hell in the first place. Very few souls do. And I also like to believe that I did not have my place in Heaven, despite what I was told for quite literally all of time." Cas tilted his head and it was not a gesture of mild confusion as it had been during the first couple of years they'd known each other, it was purely condescending. "You may have deserved another angel just as much as I might have deserved another mission, but no matter how often I think about our past and our achievements- the friendships we built- I cannot find enough regret to honestly conjure the wish to never have pulled you from perdition. And if you truly disagree then I must have greatly misjudged you."
By means of distraction, Dean takes a step back and places his own cup back on the counter in favour of filling the empty tea cup he prepared with hot water and pushing it toward Castiel together with the small plate holding the tea bags. "I didn't know which one you wanted, so I kinda got you all of 'em," he explains sheepishly.
"Hey, Bobby."
"I'm sorry, what? And you didn't care to tell me?"
In retrospect he wishes he'd stayed with Garth.
This time Dean’s laugh was genuine. “You’re a real son of a bitch, you know that.”
"Really, Dean? A binding spell?" Meg huffs out an annoyed laugh. "I don't have time for this."
names like, right until you came over to talk to us. Rookie mistake, really.”
Predictably, acknowledging the moment is enough to spook Dean. “Gonna check on the box ‘n go to bed,” he murmurs hurriedly, almost in a panic as he gets up. He drains the second glass as well and tosses the peas on the table before fleeing the scene.
. Enough so that the annoyed huff he makes is accompanied by an exasperated kick against the side of the ladder, which is really not the smartest move.
Was to kiss Cas.
"Awesome," the mechanic says with a grin as he leads the way back inside. A moment later his expression falters and he stops abruptly enough to cause Castiel to bump roughly into him, almost sending the carefully- albeit to a part also
“That’s kind of the point, Sam. He didn’t. But he would’ve deserved it. Deserved something. And I couldn’t give him that, not even when he was giving everything he had right in front of me.”
"It's a challenge," Sam explains as if the situation is clear. "You did your flirty-thing out of habit, the guy ignored you, and now instead of moving on like anyone else would do you're suddenly desperate to get his attention. Plus, awkward with blue eyes is totally your type."
Swallowing down the unexpected sting of rejection, Dean balled his hands into fists by his sides. “Right. Guess I’ll go check out the scare crows.”
"Uh huh," Dean mumbles, not willing to admit that he honestly has no idea what the bookseller means by that.
What was it with Purgatory always digging up those goddamn feelings?! Rationally, they lived in emotionally tumultuous times, a little confusion was to be expected. Sam had once told him about a psychology experiment that showed people could confuse an unrelated adrenaline rush with being attracted to someone. And while Dean wasn’t into in any of the science-y stuff his little brother was always throwing his way... Well. Let’s just say he’d definitely had his share of adrenaline rushes in Cas’ presence these past weeks.
“That’s very sweet,” Miss Kingston allows, though Castiel is beginning to tire of being placated. Her answers are all perfectly nice and polite, but even with his rusty people skills he can recognize that the woman is weighing each piece of information they give very carefully. It’s unnerving, not lastly because they are in fact being utterly dishonest.
"I'll just be a minute," Castiel's saviour- Dean- muttered in this ridiculously pleasant tone of voice. The other man just nodded knowingly and opened the gate to what appeared to be the staff area. A hand settled in the small of Castiel's back while he let himself be led to a secluded area somewhere diagonally behind the main stage. A grimy plastic table surrounded by a couple of camping chairs came into view and the security guard immediately hurried in front of Castiel to pull one out for him.
Say what you want about the end of times looming uncomfortably close in the future, at least it meant Dean had more than enough excuses to keep himself busy. There was no time to examine too closely what had happened in Purgatory. Or rather what had been said. Or more specifically what
“We don’t have to do this,” he says mostly for his own benefit, blankly staring through the windshield. “We could just go on a drive. Tell ‘em you caught a stomach bug or something.”
but knows a cat is too much of a commitment in their lives right now. Cas who rage quits when he loses at Connect 4, and sometimes pretends like he’s done with his food so Dean gets some extra fries, and who at the end of the day wants tiny umbrellas in his cocktail.
Katie stuffed one of the few remaining french fries from the basket in front of her into her mouth, chewing thoughtfully. She had turned out to be a much more pleasant conversationalist with some food in front of her. Not being held hostage probably didn’t hurt either. Either way, she had been more than happy to share a handful of anecdotes to illustrate the extent of her mother’s controlling behavior over the years and her attempts to escape it. The way she talked about her experience made Dean squirm in his chair. The guilt tripping, feeling like nothing was ever gonna be good enough, the forced sense of loyalty… It all hit a little too close to home, to put it mildly. Even if he hadn’t already been in her camp before even meeting her, he definitely was now. He wished he’d had someone to have his back when he’d needed it at that age.
Carefully, the mechanic climbs into the small boat, ignoring the way it wavers until he's securely seated. Once his butt is planted on the makeshift bench they stare at each other for a very long moment. "So," Dean finally breaks the silence. "Come here often?"
," he hears someone holler. Of course Jo has been listening.
them do anything. He didn’t
The almost-smile makes another appearance, only this time it stays and even transforms into something that might count as actual half-grin. "Maybe it's time you believed it, then."
He’s not mad, exactly, just flustered at involuntarily having become the center of attention on what is supposed to be his brother’s big day. At first Sam, awesome person that he is, tries to redirect the attention back to its origin, but once the cake is cut and he and Eileen have adorably stumbled themselves through a semi-choreographed dance there’s really not much he can do. To his credit, he
Still, all reservations go out the window when Cas comes strolling down the bunker’s metal staircase just like he promised he would in response to Dean’s typo ridden text message the night before in which he had practically made him promise to come home soon. After he maybe had a bit too much to drink and it had been a little too three a.m. to make good decisions. Swallowing down his embarrassment he greets the angel with a sheepish smile, closing the laptop on the map table in front of him. There’s been some disappearances around Lake Michigan that could be their cup of tea but he’s not entirely convinced yet.
“Great,” Dean mocks. “Can’t wait.”
Castiel sighs and reads over the page again. "Only the witch that cast the spell can lift it, so if we find her we can probably make a deal."
He found himself absentmindedly tapping the rhythm to the song on his steering wheel. It felt good to finally be on the road again. It allowed for a sense of freedom the hunter was always itching for whenever he stayed in one place for too long. For a time when they had just discovered the bunker he’d thought of it as a new home. Too much had happened since then. They’d lost too many people for it to still feel like a safe haven.
Even though the angel had clearly come with something on his mind, the straightforwardness seemed to startle him. He didn’t meet Dean’s eyes as he spoke. “I- uh. It’s about Jack.”
“Alright,” the hunter said, relaxing his posture somewhat.
want, he sure as hell doesn’t need his kid brother anywhere near it.
“I missed you.”
The light came from a couple of camping lights that were systematically placed, illuminating what was obviously the shifter’s lair. Only he was late to the party because said shifter, still wearing the face of the beautician they’d last seen it in, was already spread out on the ground, angel blade buried in its neck. A bit further away, just at the edge of the semi-circle of white light, was another body. It hung limply from the pipe system running along the low ceiling, hands tied above the head. Blood was dripping from a nasty wound down familiar features.
he just sat down in one of the recliners in the TV room with Jack in his lap and put on a cartoon, the rest is history.
"Never had occasion to," Dean mumbled stubbornly, causing Cas to force back a small smile before his expression was grim once again.
He calls Mom to vent one afternoon while the others are busy building LEGO towers on the map table with Cas explaining overly complicated theories on
"Dude, not that I'm really complaining but how come every single time I turn on the TV it's playing
Is Dean supposed to say thank you? He furrows his brow. "I'll… be… somewhere else," he says while slowly retreating backwards, out of the garage. Garth once told him it only took one beer to get him drunk and knowing the guy he might have literally forgotten that fact and emptied a bottle for breakfast.
Again, Meg is the one to speak in Castiel's place. "You were right, Clarence. He
Dean feels his mouth open slightly in shock.
Rowena rolls her eyes and moves to pour some milk into one of the cups. She then stirs the drink by subtly swirling her finger in the air to move a silver spoon in circles without touching it. “Oh hush, Castiel. I give you free reign over all my resources, I don’t think it’s too much to ask for a wee thing here or there.”
“I’ll ask next time I see him,” Dean concedes. She doesn’t have to know that his plan is to go right back to the cabin once he feels he’s spent an acceptable amount of time socializing with people other than Cas. Which sounds kind of pathetic if he puts it like that. Maybe he should get himself a hobby or something so Cas doesn’t get sick of having him around all the damn time.
Dean almost immediately found himself sat upright in bed, Sam’s hand on his chest as if to stop him from toppling over. “Did it work?”
The whole scene ridiculously reminds him of Life of Brian.
, which is code for drop everything and run, courtesy of Sam after a very unfortunate fling with a chick called Ruby. He should have Poughkeepsie'd out of that one way earlier. But now the redhead winks at him and lasciviously sucks at the straw of her almost empty longdrink and Dean forgets everything about code words. He came here to get over the first rejection that actually got to him, so he might as well do that with the help of that girl.
“It does appear to be that way.”
Castiel's eyes dart around nervously as a blush creeps its way onto his cheekbones. The mechanic can fucking see how the guy pictures the scene, considers it, mulls it over in that thick skull of his, until he sags against Dean with a sigh, face buried in the heated skin of Dean's throat. Slowly Dean dares to raise his arms until he can wrap them around the other man.
When they break apart, Cas’s breath ghosts over his sensitive skin in a delighted chuckle and Dean knows without Cas having to say it out loud that while all words persistently fail him, he must be singing to him loud and clear.
“I know, I know. It’s cheesy as fuck.” The box closes with a soft clicking sound before Dean hides it in the drawer again. “I’m just waiting for a good time, is all.”
He awkwardly clears his throat and turns to push inside the bar. It’s busier than he expected it to be, even though there’s a good number of cars parked out front. Still it’s not too difficult to find a vacant booth somewhere in the back just by the jukebox that’s currently playing something or other by The Doors. Dean slides in on one side, hoping Castiel won’t squeeze in next to him. When his wish is granted, he immediately sees the flaw in his plan as he finds himself face to face with the guy. The bar is by far better lit than the curb outside, meaning he now has a first-row seat to Castiel’s unfairly sculpted features. His eyes are even more intense in the light, made even more so by the fact that they never seem to leave him.
Castiel nods solemnly and disappears behind one shelf for a moment just to come out from behind another with a flip-phone. At the sight of the device Dean mourns his mobile for a second before taking the offered phone with a quiet "Thank you."
When the creature charged at him with an enraged snarl, he wasted no time holding up the knife. The momentum of its attack served for the shifter to impale itself on the weapon, pushing it straight into its heart. Dean twisted the knife roughly, making sure he was going for the kill while very pointedly not looking at what were effectively still Cas’s features.
“Okay, Dean.” With that Cas raised a hand to lay it on Dean’s cheek, though they both knew he didn’t need to be touching the skin for the divine light to heal his bruising jaw in an instant. The contact barely lasted a moment before Cas removed his hand again, but it was enough to make something stir within Dean he had almost forgotten about.
They start catching up on half the lifetime his brother experienced without him over lunch and Dean finds himself choking up more than once while Sam talks about his son. He even has some pictures to show, making it even harder to hold back the tears and soon all three of them are sniffling through their smiles as they listen to the Baby highlights of Dean Leahy. Dean notes the kid’s last name is both a sweet ode to Eileen and conveniently helps to avoid any confusion with his namesake.
A collective gasp interrupts his train of thought as The Trickster ends his show by honest to god pulling a little white bunny rabbit out of his hat, and Dean does not want to know where he’s been hiding that throughout the show. The kids love it, of course, as he passes along the first row, allowing their grubby little hands to pet the animal. Dean hopes it has a nice carrot waiting for it somewhere outside and makes a mental note to check on it when they go snooping around on the circus grounds later on.
when Castiel finally ceases the wild spinning of his torches in a truly show-stopping move.
He found Cas in his garden, right by its newest addition, the apiary. Nestled into the space between the Henry Winchester memorial weeds and an assortment of lovingly planted spring flowers were four beehives that formerly belonged to Thomas Anderson and had now found their new home with Cas, who’d spent weeks reading up on the Do’s and Don’ts of beekeeping before finally daring to call the number Bree had given him at the harvest festival. Lucky for him, no one else had expressed their interest at the time and so it was arranged for him to take over the colonies.
«So, we’re good?»
prepared to find the room empty. Damnit. He grumpily grabbed a fork and some leftovers from the fridge, not bothering to even warm them.
"Mornin' Garth," he mumbles like he does every Monday but something's just off this time. Usually the scrawny guy retorts with some utterance that wouldn't even make sense if Dean tried to understand it but now he just stares at Dean like he holds the answers to all the crises in the world.
“We were bonding over the fact that both our businesses contain some sort of word play,” Cas added. When Dean looked at the hand painted sign on the front of her stand, he couldn’t help but chuckle.
Castiel regarded the numbers on the paper with what had to be the most idiotic smile humankind was capable of. "I will. Thank you for staying with me."
"Jeez, careful, Garth. Dude's beaten enough as it is."
Sam replies with a somewhat distressed, "Uh oh."
“You should not be here, Dean. Not yet.”
. “I’m trying to read,” the angel said coldly.
Dean took the few steps back toward the bed until he was close enough to lay a reassuring hand on Jack’s shoulder. He realized he was no longer doing this for Cas when the kid looked up at him with big innocent eyes, clearly afraid to be rejected. “This isn’t just about me forgiving you, kid,” he said softly. “You also gotta forgive yourself.” He squeezed Jack’s shoulder. “That being said… I do forgive you.” And he really, truly did, he realized with a start.
“Yes, I remember.”
“You’re going home with Cas?” Sam, the little shit, bursts into giggles like he’s a freaking schoolgirl.
"Got room for one more?"
"Oh, so you think this is funny?"
He manoeuvres himself through the labyrinth of shelves until he reaches the pair of couches in the corner. Sure enough, he finds
“Dean!”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Cas insisted. Said if it’s just gonna be Eileen and me he wants me to at least be able to walk.”
Apparently he jinxed it because it all goes a bit lopsided when Charlie arrives fashionably late.
"I haven't had the motivation to unpack everything yet," Castiel says in explanation, vaguely motioning toward the boxes. "Is it alright for you to sleep on the couch?" He stops in the middle of the room to regard Dean with a neutral expression.
Sam huffed a laugh, pointing at his propped up ankle. “Sorry, but I’ll have to sit this one out.”
“You raised me better than to fall for his cheap tricks.” He all but spits the words at Dean as he drops his bowl back onto the kitchen counter with enough force to make a wave of milk spill over the edge.
Instead of a verbal answer, Cas shrugged out of the coat, folding it on the mattress next to where he was sitting. He then toed off his shoes and moved up on the bed until he was positioned with his back resting against the headboard, hands casually resting on his stomach. He closed his eyes as if to prove a point.
Sam seems to be sufficiently busy for the time being and Dean is happy to let him talk to the people he
"Dear diary," Gabriel continued, unfazed by Castiel's interruption, "Today I met Dean. Dean is so handsome. I really like his eyes. When I think of Dean my pants get real tight and I get this funny feeling between my-"
"You called
would that help?”
“That’s it?” he asked incredulously once he noticed Cas standing next to him. “That’s the treasure it’s been massacring people over?”
Sam is suddenly very intrigued by the crumbs on his plate. “I can’t believe I’m saying this but I think I liked you two better when you were still repressed. And I needed literal decades to recover from
The tension between hunter and angel boils over, just as they get a rough idea what they might be after.
Cas bit his lip and entered the kitchen. "I got carried away."
"It still worked," Cas insisted. "That's what matters. Now, we have a donkey to return and I'd like to collect my remaining honey." He turned to leave without looking at Dean who was in turn expertly avoiding Sam's surely judgmental gaze.
Castiel gives his hand that look again, the one that isn't entirely sure the mechanic's skin isn't crawling with all sorts of germs, before shaking it curtly. It's a good handshake, solid and warm, but Dean is starting to get pissed. He's been really fucking kind to the guy so far, right? So why is he being such a dick? Maybe he just doesn't
Of course. He’d picked up Sam’s phone. Whatever manipulation was going on clearly only worked in person so the creature had still been using the voice to lure in his brother, not knowing it had the wrong target. “So what’re you gonna do? Kill me?”
“Well, don’t go believing everything Cas says just because he was right this time, ya hear?”
When he came to, Cas was there. He stood over the girl with a grim expression but quickly abandoned her in favor of helping him up once he noticed Dean was awake.
a website to look up. Of which Dean only knows by sheer coincidence of course.
While the angel’s intentions are pretty clear, Cas isn’t the only one who can be a brat. Dean raises a challenging eyebrow. “Like what?”
“Alright.” Sam looked at him with pure determination. “We’ll find it.”
"I don't know, Sam. He's a massive dick."
It’s comforting to know that somehow they have tamed each other.
“You can call me Sam,” he offers automatically, as he always does.
“Dean, you
What came next completely threw him for a loop. Cas wanted to be
The next morning Dean was harshly woken up by both the pounding in his head as well as on his door. Still in yesterday’s clothes he dragged himself off the mattress before stumbling across the room. Once he managed to yank the door open to blink into an assault of sunlight he only very vaguely recognized the shape in front of him.
Honestly, Dean could relate. They’d barely pulled up in the vendors’ parking lot in Cas’s truck because the Impala didn’t have enough freaking cargo space, and if Dean had been the one driving, he’d have already done a one-eighty spin and hightailed it out of there. As it was, Cas killed the engine and shot Dean a warning look through the rearview mirror. With a sigh, Dean swallowed down the complaint that was resting on the tip of his tongue and pushed the door open to climb out of the backseat he’d been banished to.
“You seeing anyone suspicious from up there?” he asks once he’s seated in a plastic contraption that creaks under his weight, while Sam is still struggling to fold his legs at an appropriate angle.
"Me too, Cas," Dean mumbles to himself while pretending not to stare after the guy until he's out of sight. "Me too."
Once he stands upright to watch his dog lap happily at the offering, Cas comes up from behind and wraps his arms around Dean’s waist. He can feel a smile where Cas’s face presses against his skin at the back of his neck. “What?” he asks, leaning into the embrace.
Cas came back almost exactly six weeks after he was supposed to be lost forever.
"You are," Cas said, entirely serious.
, so will you please come to bed with me so I can get you naked?”
For now, the road was his home again, like it had been for the majority of his life.
“I am not going to punch you, Dean,” Castiel assures the hunter. Underneath Dean’s act of fury, his body betrays him. He can feel the racing heartbeat against the still exposed skin of his arm where it is keeping Dean in place, can see the way Dean’s pupils are blown out, can almost
Dean’s shoulders go rigid with what Castiel knows is embarrassment and he allows himself a triumphant grin, always happy to see Dean flustered. Serves him right for making him team up with the cowardly duo in order to pursue a romantic interest. After a few torturous seconds during which he lets Dean stew in his hurt pride, he decides to return to his original research mission. He pats Dean’s shoulder in a sign of truce and turns to leave. To his surprise the hunter catches his hand and gives it a soft squeeze. His heart stutters in a mirror response but he decides the action is to be ignored by the both of them judging by the way Dean’s eyes remain focused on the TV. On the way out he swallows down the traitorous feeling of hope that always seems to stick to him, a residue of Dean’s touch however small and insignificant it may be.
I’ll shoot myself. If it’s gotta be a talking dog, I’ll go with the classics.”
Now it was Cas' turn to get up , his calm finally cracking open to reveal the turmoil he had been keeping inside. «And
With a giggle the boy turns his head toward the bear and pretends to relay the question. To say his toothy grin when he looks back at Castiel is disarming would be an understatement. “Marvin wants
“You prayed to me?” he asks.
. Ever since Cas had come back he’d been looking for a downside to it all, for the consequences that inevitably unfurled in a disaster, when in fact the only tragedy was how deeply oblivious he had been to how in love he was with his best friend.
.” He sends him off with a lingering kiss that gives Dean enough courage to speed down their driveway onto an unknown road.
“You’re not him.” Whether the words were meant to deter his opponent or to reassure himself wasn’t entirely clear.
"No, 'course not. Why, is something the matter?"
The third time it was
The only person still missing to complete the mosaic of patchwork families and newfound friends arrives on the first days of what will surely be another long summer cycle.
This is it. 27k of utter nonsense. I have no idea how it ever got this long but I do hope that it made you smile.
“Yeah, buddy,” Dean confirmed, relieved at hearing the other’s voice. “Thanks to you.” They stared at each other for what was probably a moment or two longer than what should have been comfortable but Dean didn’t give a shit about that. Not after almost having been turned into a human popsicle.
"No," the other man shakes his head. "'Cas'." There's a short pause before he adds, "I like it." And then he's gone.
is saying about child-friendly laundry detergent. It’s a moot effort, he knows as much. The tension in the room is thick enough to slice with one of the decorative swords resting on the library shelves, even when he’s not actively looking at the others’ bickering. If he’s being honest, he’s surprised things are only escalating
. No offense to your apple pie life but it doesn’t get much more meaningful than that.”
They had both taken to avoiding saying his name but it was painfully clear who his brother was referring to. The thought alone was enough to make a lump form in his throat so even if he had wanted to answer, he couldn’t. Instead he gave a single shake of his head, effectively shutting down any further attempts of keeping the conversation going.
“I like to keep busy,” he explained. “Because when I’m not, then all I can think about is Jack. How we failed him.” He averted his eyes shamefully. “How I failed him.”
"Shit," he says a little too loudly and he's not entirely sure if it's in response to what Castiel said or to the way his mind can't seem to stay clear of the proverbial gutter. "I mean, uh, I hope you didn't catch a cold out in the rain today."
in his chest had been, this is the fucking moment to realize he is one hundred and ten percent helplessly, idiotically,
Because Cas was also a hoarder. Dean's best guess was that if you lived a couple of millennia without possessions, it was easy to overcompensate in the sentimentality department. And while some things were undeniably sweet mementos, case in point a receipt from his first burger fully human from a shitty roadside diner while on the road with Dean, others were not that. For several weeks now, Cas had been bringing home insane quantities of honey. From every artisanal store to every farmer's market within a three state radius, Cas had bought honey. Creamy, clear, infused with ridiculous flavors like sage or lavender and because he was a slob with no respect for Dean's household order, jars of honey kept freaking turning up all over the place. Cas's dedicated honey shelf in the pantry had quickly been full and so the collection had gradually been conquering more and more ground in Dean's kitchen, though he had found the occasional jar in the library, among his tools in the garage, on the map table and now in the freaking shower room.
Dean loves it. Wishes they could have had this all along, despite knowing that he will have a literal eternity to make up for lost time. It just doesn't seem like enough. He needs
“What are you running from?”
Free at last, some of Dean’s common sense makes a reappearance and he recoils a couple of steps. Thankfully, Castiel remains standing where he is and doesn’t make a move to follow, though his eyes never quite leave him. “You can return to your brother, I won’t stop you,” he says, as if he’s giving Dean
steal the dog, thank you.
known Cas’s face at all until now. He can close his eyes and imagine every little line that crinkles his forehead when he doesn’t want to get up just yet, can categorize the fleeting micro-expressions which are a tell-tale sign that Dean’s joke was actually
. He knows it must look comical, the way he stops in the middle of the room and just stares at Cas, breaking out into a cold sweat as he does. It’s
On Monday morning Dean arrives at Singer's R&R right on time, a very rare occurrence. Dean loves his job but on Mondays he loves sleep just a little more. He can't remember much from Saturday night, or the following Sunday, which is weird. He knows he didn't drink too much. He also knows Benny would never spike his drinks and Meg, as far as he
“Yes you were.” He doesn’t need to see Cas’s face to know there is a smirk plastered on it.
Dean rolls his eyes. "Yes,
The silence in place of said offer seems to be appreciated when Dean takes one of the glasses and raises it in a halfhearted toast, prompting Castiel to do the same. Castiel remains perfectly still but allows their eyes to lock. Whatever emotion has cloaked his earlier words in a veil of something they usually bury, never to be spoken of, it is reflected in his eyes now. A faint beacon in a sea of green. Castiel cannot bring himself to look away even when Dean touches the glass to his lips. He only takes a hesitant sip before changing his mind and draining the entire content in one gulp. When he chases a stray drop of liquor with his tongue, Castiel is transfixed by it, frozen in his seat.
“It’s lemon balm,” he explains. “It helps with anxiety and stress.”
part- he remained firmly seated.
“How’d you know this would work?” Dean asks the first chance he gets, only barely containing his awe.
For the second time that day his flight instinct was making itself known. This was so not what he had signed up for. Their little investigative stunts were supposed to distract him from shit like this not directly confront him with it. His eyes scanned the room, forming an exit strategy. He hadn’t realized how rigid he’d gone until a soft touch to his hand made him uncurl the fist he had formed. When he looked at Katie she removed her hand from his. “You alright?”
Was that supposed to sound that hot? Dean had to take a long drink from his coffee cup to get rid of the sudden dryness in his throat, willing the mental image of a very wet, very naked Castiel out of his mind while the dude was still sitting like three feet away. Jesus. "You're weird," he said, hoping his voice wasn't actually as shaky as it seemed to his own ears.
Castiel sighs and sends a look up as if asking God in Heaven for patience and strength just as one would before explaining to an overeager two-year-old why eating dirt may not be the best of ideas. He then pulls out the book he just placed on the shelf and takes a step toward Dean, showing him the item. It's a midnight blue hardcover with funky symbols on the front but there's no title. Amidst the intersecting circles are two letters, as Castiel points out by gently tapping them. "T.H." he says, "stands for Thomas Hardy. This is one of the only remaining copies of his story
"Idjit," Bobby grumbles just before the door falls shut.
stuffed in with his clothes, before heading right upstairs.
“Yeah, well. It don’t happen every day that the kid you raised turns thirty.”
“Your girlfriend. She know you’re coming?”
“Yeah.” Cas echoes, his entire face breaking into a smile. It takes Dean’s breath away and makes his eyes sting with emotions he doesn’t know what to do with.
He approaches it as cautiously as he manages after the number of drinks he’s had. “Where I’m from you at least say thank you when someone buys you a drink,” he says in the hopes of keeping a light mood.
But as wonderful as standing under the ever-falling droplets of water is, Dean isn't one to take showers that last forever- unlike his little brother but considering the sheer amount of hair to wash the mechanic supposes it's no wonder the little princess always takes so long. He turns off the water once all the bubbles and foam from the shower gel and hair shampoo have washed off and shakes his head, sending water flying like a wet dog. The towel feels as nice on his skin as he expected and he takes his time drying off before examining the kind of clothes Castiel provided for him. There's a pair of light grey sweat shorts, an oversized plain white tee and a still sealed '
The next instant all contact leaves him.
As suspected she places the excess shot in front of him once the drinks arrive. She winks at him and nods her head towards her friends in a cheeky invite for him to join. On many occasions in his life he would have. It would be so easy to accept the drink, play a round or two, and take the girl back to his motel to blow off some steam. He doesn’t, though. His times of going through almost as many flirty college girls as stuffy roadside motels are long over.
, Cas. When you blew me off I was totally out of it, so I went out to the club and my friend Benny told me there was that chick… I couldn't remember if I'd slept with her. Actually I couldn't remember anything at all and thought it was because of the alcohol. Instead she must have cursed me. Shit."
In this particular case,
“I won’t,” Jack said almost dutifully and for a moment Dean was afraid that his joke hadn’t registered with him. The small smile tugging just at the corner of Jack’s mouth told him otherwise.
Cas remained coy. "Perhaps."
“We’ll call a cab,” Eileen chimes in and Dean is just about to thank her for the level-headed answer when he catches her sending him a
Anger ties his stomach into knots as he walks along the beach, further and further away from his brother who probably thinks he’s hilarious and Cas who didn’t really do anything wrong but still feels like a traitor for some reason. He could have at least had the decency to look offended. Instead his silence just piles onto that weird feeling of limbo that’s been settling between him and Cas where he knows they’re too close to something
The donkey was unimpressed.
going for the Cheese’n Bacon, extra cheese, extra bacon. A glance past the menu at his brother told him the answer even before any words left Sam’s mouth. He met Dean’s eyes disapprovingly.
magazines that he won’t ever admit to having kind of enjoyed. The dark wood compliments the newly shining floors and its organic pattern brings some of the surrounding nature that Cas loves so dearly into his home.
“Listen, kid. Cas is worried about you. We all are. I know… things haven’t been easy with your dad showing up and-”
It felt like a new beginning in more than one way.
Before Dean can think too closely about how seriously fucking wrong that sounded he's pushed away from the guy who just waves happily after the mechanic until there's too many people between them to see him anymore. During the few minutes off conversing with Dick the number of people on the streets has likely doubled. Dean hears faint 'I love you's screamed his way, together with a lot of other encouragement.
you said, Dean. You have said more h urtful things before. You’ve told me to
Obviously that wasn't an answer Castiel expected. He shakes his head. "No, I mean do you believe in it?"
His brother’s eyes grow soft under Dean’s words but he sees right through his abrasiveness nonetheless. “Be honest.”
slide, because sometimes you give him the bare minimum of attention."
They finish washing and drying the dishes in a silence that’s very much not companionable any more and Dean can’t quite decide what’s worse, the feeling of being overwhelmingly close to Cas without a clue what to do next or this unpleasant distance that’s almost comical in how forced it is. They basically shared a bed last night, for Christ’s sake, and that’s really not something they
“Do you have
"Who's asking?"
Until next time!
“Something like that,” Dean concedes.
, the maroon hoody, which was actually
This is a quick update since it's the weekend, might take a bit longer for the next one. Stay tuned!
“Very well. Let me know if you change your mind.”
Big fat crocodile tears are rolling down Jack’s rosy cheeks, which isn’t tugging at Dean’s heartstrings at all, no sir. Neither is Cas cradling the boy to his chest, rocking him gently, like he’s done countless times before. However, Jack seems unimpressed with the angel’s efforts and the wailing continues.
“You, uh, you know you’re family, right?” he said, regretting not having uttered the words all those weeks back in the bunker when he knew the angel had badly needed to hear them.
“Listen, I don’t think PDA is gonna help us score a spot at the
They’re too lost in each other to pay any more attention to the gently swaying fireflies.
Had the roles been reversed, Dean is pretty sure he’d have been offended. But Cas is Cas, and so he just smiled patiently and reached out to cup Dean’s cheek in the palm of his hand. “Maybe I just have to make sure you have a point of reference in the future.”
“Yeah of course she has a-” Dean cuts himself off, exhaling his frustration. “We made a connection, talked about some stuff. Just cut the crap, Sam, come on. Spill.”
if his voice isn't more wrecked than ever.
“Whatever.” He returned to staring out the window, though he knew he’d feel restless until he asked the one question burning on his mind. He held out for about five more minutes before caving. “Heard anything from Cas?”
when it’s not-- when
“Um, I mean – sure.”
, of all things. What was the world coming to.
Instead of commenting, Castiel grabs his wrist and gently leads him to the front window so Dean can see for himself. Which he's not entirely sure is something he wants. What he sees outside is probably the beginning of the Apocalypse. All the people that mill the street, looking for Dean Winchester, chatting about Dean Winchester, are now wearing that fugly t-shirt sporting
of Dean’s taco instead!”
,” another judgmental huff traversed the line.
«It wasn’t your fucking call to make!»
Jack crawls off the mattress with a cheer.
Hanson sighed tiredly. “I’m afraid it’s not much Agent- Elliott, was it?” Dean nodded. “Let me just grab what we got, I’ve been mulling it over for so long I might already be blind to what’s in font of me.” He disappeared back into the room, which was in all likelihood his office.
. Left.» Dean flailed his right arm in an aimless gesture. «Away in another castle.» His erratic movement hit the bottle by his side and it crashed to the floor, breaking into pieces. He still didn’t turn around, continued staring blankly ahead at the staircase.
Shortly after crossing into Wyoming Baby demanded a refill. They’d been following the I-80 for the better part of six hours in the pouring rain and no end was in sight even as Dean pulled up at a Gas’n’Sip.
"I thought the last concert we went to
is still just toying with us while you’re out there doing who knows what.» And yeah, even by Dean’s standards this was beginning to look like a very questionable apology at best.
It’s as good an excuse as any to get away from Charlie’s all-too knowing gaze.
. So, they should really hit up the closest Target for some value packs of
He wasn’t ready to share, had thought he’d take the memory of those moments to the grave with him but there had been so much build-up, so much frustration that the words broke free as if he had no control over them at all.
“Tough one?”
in Dean's kitchen. There was no use in denying that Dean had thought about the dude a little more than he usually allowed himself to over the past weeks.
in love before?” He startles himself with the words ‘in love’ but he’s also way past caring. It was the truth then, and likely still is now though things are decidedly more complicated at the moment.
“This could have gone all kinds of wrong,” he says flatly.
“Believe me, the feeling’s mutual,” Cas replies, equally annoyed.
Between his pained hobble and Sam’s ridiculously long legs his brother caught up easily. “Are we gonna talk about why it looked like Cas?”
“Mine too, kid,” Dean agrees.
“’S’not unreasonable when you get curtains for a windowless friggin’ room,” Dean murmurs as he scans the curtains together with the rest of their items at the self-checkout.
Not even trying to suppress his eye-roll, Castiel shook his cousin's arm of and made a point of joining in with the crowd in a particularly eardrum-abusing cheer. A moment later he regretted having done so because just as he turned back to his two companions in order to triumphantly rub his forced enthusiasm in their faces he saw a solemn nod being exchanged between the two of them, obviously ending one of the many non-verbal conversations they had.
Speaking of Cas, the angel takes the opportunity to get up and gathers his things from around the bed, watching them play with a fond expression on his face. When Dean meets his eyes from under the kicking and screaming toddler, he finds a hint of smugness in them. “I’ll go take a shower and then take you up on your offer.”
“So you weren’t the one texting me, huh?”
"Yeah," Dean agreed. "She is."
“Wow.” Jack looks to be in the sort of genuine awe that human children are so delightfully generous with. “Scooby’s my favorite,” he announces before turning his attention right back to the TV where said favorite is folding himself into an inconvenient hiding place.
“I dislike staying idle,” Cas grumbled but his voice held an undertone that Dean could not quite place. “It makes me think too much.”
Just as he washes down the tequila’s sting with a swig of his fourth or so beer, someone takes a seat next to him and orders a glass of whiskey. His insides form into a knot as he recognizes the voice. It can’t be. It’s too much of a coincidence, after all this time.
He was rewarded with an enthusiastic embrace. Dean’s arms wrapped securely around the angel, even though it meant he was bleeding all over his clothes. Neither of them cared.
“No! Dean the crystal is telling us where to find the spell. See?” Sam almost tripped over his own legs getting back to the doorway. The crystal grew brighter with every step he took, almost shaking when Sam held it up to the shelf closest to the door. He carefully moved it along each row of boxes, trying to find what it was reacting to.
"Dean…"
like that. I was used to getting who I wanted without any effort and when you didn't react like I was expecting you to, I just, I dunno, snapped, I guess."
"My name's Dean Winchester. That guy over there is my brother Sam," He motioned toward the brother in question who was jogging toward them.
"Yeah, it's me, Cas. You'll be fine."
Jack doesn’t know what that’s supposed to mean, but the hunter sounds empathetic. “I miss him,” he finally admits, chewing thoughtfully.
It’s enough of a threat for Dean to shoot. The bullet lodges itself into her shoulder, right on target, but Pele remains unimpressed. She counters by swiping a glowing hand through the air, sending Dean and also Cas next to him flying through the air in a flurry of sparks. Thankfully, Dean only ends up halfway stuck in a bush but Cas isn’t as lucky. His body connects with a tree, knocking him out among the burning embers of Pele’s rage. It all happens within only a few seconds but the moment Dean witnesses Cas’ body go limp, time stops. He doesn’t see Pele making her way back to the party, or Sam smartly grabbing the angel blade from where it dropped from Cas’ hand as he follows her. All Dean sees is Cas. In an instant he’s on his knees next to him, ignoring the way the remaining sparks burn holes into his slacks. He grabs the former angel, winces at how much heavier he is without any life in him, and gently cradles him to his chest. He’s breathing so that’s a good sign. There’s also no visible injuries as of now but he took a pretty bad hit meaning there could still be internal damage. It’s not the first time he’s gotten hurt on a hunt. Especially the beginning of his arguable downgrade to humanity comes to mind, when he was still getting used to not having his mojo to get him out of a sticky situation. Over time Cas has grown much more careful and skilled in his human approach to hunting but that doesn’t make it any better when things like this happen. Dean just holds him that much closer, burying his nose in Cas’ hair in a shameless effort to calm his own nerves.
It latches itself into the exact spot he targeted, halfway between Cas’s shoulder and his ear.
He was about to head toward the trails when he was violently yanked back, dropping the backpack he was holding as he suddenly found himself with his back pushed against his car and Cas only inches from his face, fuming.
In the garage everything looks like it did when he left at noon on Friday, which is somewhat calming. He enjoys the peace and quiet of the morning as he puts on his greasy work outfit but the feeling doesn't last long because the next moment Garth swaggers through the door, dragging the white overall and mask he wears during his paint jobs behind him. "Dean-o!" he yells jubilantly.
’ speech before the day was over. To prove him right, Sam motioned for Dean to release the girl's arm, positioning himself in a way that ensured she wouldn't easily be able to escape them.
Honestly believing it will gain him some serious plus points, Dean strolls up to the store owner's side and grabs a book from the box in a wordless offering of help. He's not prepared for the reaction, namely a furious glare that threatens to smite him on the spot should he make as much as a single wrong movement. "Just
you, they will remain with me for as long as I’ll stay on this earth. I'd gladly give up a thousand eternities, if it means I get to share this one lifetime with you."
“Could you be less self-deprecating, please, I’m trying to sleep,” Cas grouses.
“Okay, alright, let’s just… not talk about this.” He turns around to watch the people at the party. Besides Jo, Sam and Eileen he only recognizes Donna and Jody. “Anyone else from your work here?”
, Dean regrets having commented on the outfit at all because he cannot handle seeing his friend this soft. It’s like he’s a different person in Heaven but it somehow feels right, like this is the version of Cas that gets to be free with no baggage weighing him down anymore. Dean supposes he’s not exactly the same as he was on Earth either.
“It’s alright,” Cas assures him softly. “You made sure no more children will be harmed. You have saved many.”
But this was Dean Winchester. So what he did instead was provoking the angel further.
Castiel just hums, though it's not clear if it's a sound of agreement or if he's calling Dean out on his bullshit. Either way, the sound makes Dean want to slam his head against a wall because apparently he has no self-control left when it comes to that nerdy idiot.
Dean was more than familiar with the feeling. He also knew that none of the crap about it
It’s the first time Castiel speaks, and Dean’s a goner.
under his breath. As he's waiting for the water to boil he continues looking through the cabinets for a package of tea. Soon enough he finds a variety of small boxes with flowery labels and flavours like
The telling blush on Cas’s cheeks is Sam’s cue to leave as he pushes himself abruptly out of his chair. “Why are you like this?”
"But it wasn't
"Dude, wha-" The question stays unfinished as Castiel grabs Dean by the collar of his tee and drags him through the entire room until they stand side by side at the open door, facing utter devastation. There's a crack in the wooden part of the door, one of the carts outside is overturned and the street looks like an abandoned festival area after a rock concert with the trash the massive crowd left behind covering the street. Wait. Dean takes a cautious step forward and catches one of the stray papers the wind drags along the concrete like tumbleweeds. He squints at the crumpled page in his hands, realizing it's a page out of a book. Grabbing another, and one more after that it dawns on him what must have happened. "Cas, are these…?"
: Sam
The rest of the program passes in a blur with both brothers more or less invested in the performances. At the end of the show, all performers, excluding animals, return to the arena one last time to sweep up their well-deserved applause. Overall, Dean has to admit that he actually quite enjoyed himself over the last ninety or so minutes and he throws in an enthusiastic whistle to convey a general sense of
, clearly preferring the work outside where he has started on a little vegetable bed, but he does come up with ideas of what he might like and Dean jots them all down on a little notepad that he keeps in the back pocket of his jeans. That’s how Cas ends up with a mini library in the spare room with a rotating assortment of literature depending on what he’s interested in at the time, a walk-in shower that’s placed in a much more appropriate corner of the small bathroom and has a rain forest shower head, and a new bed frame- memory foam update included- with a headboard that matches the walnut wood of the fireplace mantel downstairs, affirming that Dean was spot on with the choice.
“You might wanna consider changing it again.” The girl rose from her chair. “Thanks for the food.”
When he straightens himself up he finds Dean staring at him with his hand on the halfway opened car door. “Dude. I didn’t think you were listening when I ranted about that.”
Oh, but maybe that's the point. It's
"Yes, Dean," Castiel agrees, although it sounds a lot like he's merely humouring him, "exactly like losing a rabbit's foot."
They should be fine.
Something told Dean that maybe they weren’t just talking about forgiveness. The way Cas was looking at him made him uneasy in the sense that it took his breath away. Like he knew Dean inside and out. Which he did, Dean realized. He knew Dean from the depths of his soul to the scars on his skin. Still he sometimes looked at him with such… reverence. Especially when he thought Dean wasn’t looking. Though Dean would quite frankly rather die-
“What if I didn’t lose myself? What if that’s who I really am...”
"Uh, yeah actually. You remember Becky Rosen from my high school English Lit class?"
“You’ll find time has quite a different meaning now,” Cas explains, allowing himself to be pulled into a bear-hug by what is now effectively his brother-in-law, as weird as that is.
Cas smiles back, equally lost. “I just wanted to say it without it being a goodbye.”
"I will check," Castiel says sternly in a voice that leaves no room for argument. Dean finds the change of attitude strange but doesn't comment on it because his stomach growls and so does Castiel's. It really is time for food. With a nod, the mechanic shakes off the hand on his shoulder and grabs the duffle bag from where it still lies on the floor,
A look somewhere between mischief and guilt crosses over Jack’s features. “Marvin can’t sleep.”
“You know what, I’m not gonna disagree right away but can you at least let me know what I did to deserve that label today?”
“So who do you wanna grill first?” Jo asks, dragging Dean’s attention away from Cas’s blue eyes.
was rather the wrong descriptor seeing as they had already checked for ghosts, curses, hex-bags and the likes and come up empty handed. There was no apparent supernatural explanation for the overall spread of misery among them.
Dean is still smug as hell- and a little surprised, if he's perfectly honest- that he actually got a response when he continues to browse through the store. As he's told the guy, Castiel, he's got no knowledge about books. Not beyond what he copied from that one kid in English class all the way back in high school. Pre-dropout, that is. So at first he thinks it's just his own ignorance that makes the place seem so out of this world. But the longer he wanders through the aisles and the further back he gets, the more distinct becomes the feeling of something profound being harboured here, and Dean's not talking knowledge.
“I have not been this close to one since Michael threw his tantrum at Pompeii,” he states quietly and even though Dean
In moments when life just sort of seems to happen at you, time passes in an odd way. It either appears to be going way too slow, keeping you trapped in a situation you desperately want to escape from, or it rushes past you so fast you barely get to process what’s going on. Dean somehow felt like both was happening at the same time. Or maybe that was the Whiskey. Probably the Whiskey. As of late the only consistent way to keep track of time was by the steadily disappearing liquor from whatever glass or bottle he got his hands on. He wasn’t sure what time it was. Or what day even. All he knew was that his current bottle was damn near empty so he probably had been sitting there at the edge of the table for a while. Where Cas had left him. Like he always did. He swallowed the last remains the bottle would give when Sam walked in.
Instead of a verbal reply Castiel steps into Dean’s space, stopping right before his face in a mirror action to earlier, prompting him to close the gap. This time Dean does it without indecision, kissing him thoroughly and without reservation.
Before it even fully registered with him that he was moving, he already found himself at the door to Jack’s room. He knocked carefully, almost in the hope that Jack was asleep and wouldn’t hear. Said hope was crushed by the nephilim’s strained voice. “I’m fine, Castiel.”
not. No offense.”
They don’t walk far, just past some of the trailers that are parked in the area, until they reach an open space on the grass that must be specifically for Jo’s target practice, judging by the makeshift wall that’s set up. There’s the outline of a person painted on it. Leather straps hang loosely from where the hands would be and unlike the one she was using for her show, this wall has a lot more knife marks in less desirable areas, if one were to stand up against it. It’s a crime scene waiting to happen.
At least Cas seemed recharged, judging by his restless pacing along the windowed wall. Looking outside it seemed almost as if the world had been completely erased with a wall of white being all that was left.
A part of Dean was glad that his secret seemingly would still remain one, though he’d found an odd sense of delight in sharing it with Cas. He settled back into bed, allowing his eyes to fall shut again. Maybe it was for the best that the angel hadn’t heard everything.
. And maybe one of these days he'd be able to get over himself and be the support Sam needed, but today wasn't that day. Not after he had suffered through that dreaded nightmare again.
Cas just gave him a funny look. “My first job on Earth was to save the righteous man.”
"Dude," Dean says, hands extended as if to aid but not daring to actually touch any of the items in the other man's arms. "Seriously, you sure you don't need any help?" He grins lopsidedly. "I washed my hands after lunch, I swear." He
The next moment the two of them were stepping even closer than the crowded space imposed anyway and, after exchanging a pair of truly devious smirks, proclaiming at the very top of their lungs-
Luckily, there aren’t anymore tantrum-related incidents after that and Jack even eats some rice with carrots and peas for lunch without much protest as long as Sam keeps him in his lap and flips through the dinosaur book with him. A warm feeling settles in his chest whenever the boy giggles at a particularly silly-looking picture.
Reaching over, he snatches Cas’s glass from where it sits forgotten on the table and drains the last remnants of whiskey from it, stopping Ellen when she immediately offers to refill it. Bobby’s eyebrows shoot up, clearly surprised that Dean Winchester, dead or not, is turning down a drink.
“Is that a request?”
It wasn’t until some time in the afternoon the next day that Cas appeared in the doorway of his room. Dean had just quickly dipped inside in search for his car keys and didn’t even notice him straight away. Hence the slightly undignified jump once he did. Cas’ hands were buried in the pockets of his coat like so often these days and when Dean glared at him halfheartedly for the jump-scare there was that damn smile again.
"Please try and take this seriously," Castiel pleads and he looks sincere enough that Dean can't help but nod. "Have you never felt like there might be something powerful out there? Something that cannot be sufficiently explained by terrestrial measures and norms?"
bother him that apparently Cas and Sam are sharing clothes now but it somehow does. A lot. “Well, it looks dumb on you,” he says, though he regrets his words when genuine hurt flickers over Cas’s features.
"That's why you're the family genius and not me," Dean allows.
"Hey, uh, listen," he starts calmly, scraping all his 101 tricks together for one last attempt. "I'm off work for now and there's no one else in here. How 'bout the two of us go to grab a cup of coffee?"
The next snowball Dean throws hits his target, closely followed by one of Cas’s. For a little while the battle picks up more seriously again but soon they’re all exhausted and starting to get cold so they declare a truce. Everyone comes out victorious but the real winner is of course Miracle, who got to chase after flying snowballs for the better part of the afternoon.
Dean somehow felt like the words were a kick to the gut. “Like hell you ain’t.” He hadn’t meant for the words to come out but there they were. He met Cas’ eyes and held the angel’s glare, trying to read the emotion in it. The hunter came up empty and threw up his arms in a defeated gesture. “Fine, we’ll call Jody. Have her and some of the other hunters handle it.”
“Lucifer is
"That's great, Cas," Dean says, his voice anything but happy. "Just one problem. You've met me at my douchiest point, so out of all the women I pissed off lately, how do I tell which one's the witch?" In his wildest dreams he never thought he'd utter a phrase like that while being serious about it.
“It’s all we got, Dean.”
It’s the first time he’s ever openly admitted to anything even tangentially related to the idea of him and Cas as an item and that alone is pitiful enough for some of Sam’s own anger to dissipate. He decides to show some mercy.
“I know but… “
. On top of that, Dean has returned to his usual self again as soon as they left the premises, which of course means he immediately became a traitor.
in his head of him sitting upstairs on that massive couch, watching
He could have gotten over his pride and come up with a heartfelt apology, for this and all the other times he had taken the angel for granted in one way or another.
Dean shook his head as if the action could rid him of the thoughts swirling in his mind. He couldn’t let himself be distracted while hunting without backup. In an admittedly not very smart move, strategy-wise, he’d shot Sam a quick text about finally having found another lead and headed straight down into the abyss in the hopes of cornering the thing once and for all. Sure, he should have waited for Cas to come rolling into town, or for his brother to finish the day’s last interviews but something about the prospect of seeing Cas again after
Dean is firm and hot in fist when he finally wraps his fingers around him. The angle is slightly awkward with his pants still on, but Castiel makes it work, dragging his hand along the length in slow deliberate strokes. His own breath stutters to a halt whenever the ministrations draw a sound from Dean’s lips. Which sound doesn’t matter, they are all equally disarming. They start out as little surface gasps but gradually deepen into a symphony of breathless moans. Castiel is the conductor, every twist of his wrist and each swipe of his thumb controlling the melody of Dean’s pleasure.
, but Dean couldn't stop himself at that moment. He had to walk the few strides toward Cas to put his hands on the angel's shoulders, forcing him to look into his eyes.
“Oh yeah, we don’t want
“We should get ready to leave soon,” the angel said quietly.
“Good.”
Not soon after, the snow began to fall.
Dean rolls his eyes, ignoring the way his ears heat up at the reprimanding tone in Cas’s voice. “Fine. Try singing to him, then.”
fucking do that to you, you hear me? After everything. After
Castiel startles less from the words themselves and more from their tone. Tired but laced with something that usually remains hidden. He doesn’t reward Dean with an explanation, just sends him a
"You got a kitchen in your bookstore? That's… useful, I guess," Dean chatters as he follows the other man through the store to stash away their day's work in a lonely corner for the time being. "Isn't it a fire-hazard, though?"
“If that’s what you need to tell yourself.”
“Need I remind you that I did not sign up to be your maid,” the man grumbles in a voice much deeper than the one he was using while talking on the phone as he somewhat roughly places the tray on the side table at Rowena’s feet. “It’s already degrading enough that I spend my days arguing about spice shipments on your behalf.”
Castiel sits down as well, unfazed by the exclamation. He picks up a sandwich triangle himself, eyes it with a head-tilt and blows on it before taking a bite. Dean pouts at the fact that he obviously doesn't burn his tongue with the melted cheese, unlike himself. Noticing his expression, the bookseller lets his poker face slip and smiles smugly. "This would not have happened had you eaten like a civilized person."
«Cas... «
when Sam wouldn't go on a second date with her just so she could still be close to the younger Winchester. It's no wonder she somehow got a hold on the picture and has probably been waiting for an opportunity to use it, even without being brainwashed into doing so.
Things started making much more sense now. They’d been dealing with
“Dean, cover your mouth!”
“Funny,” Castiel says innocently, “How I supposedly cannot have curtains because my room does not have a window, yet you own a bookshelf.”
"I should have warned you about that," the bookseller says grimly. "It is-
up at night, he didn’t dare imagine what it did to Cas who had nothing to do but stare at the ceiling.
“Nice to meet you,” Dean says, giving them each what he hopes is a friendly enough look, though he is unprepared when his eyes meet Cas’s. The son of a bitch was already handsome enough from a distance, but it’s nothing compared to the lure of his gaze up close. He glares at Dean with a look that’s to equal parts hostile and ravenous, and not for nothing but last time someone looked at him like that? Dean got laid. Feeling brash, Dean sends him a wink.
Rationally, Dean knows that nothing in Heaven needs actual manual work. Food appears with a thought, dishes get done and put away just as easily, it surely extends to fixing appliances as well. Thing is, when Dean does start fixing up the place he doesn’t stop at the faucet because that's like a two minute job and he tells himself he needs an excuse to keep coming back. He starts with the hardwood floor in the entire house, sanding it meticulously for the better part of a week before refinishing it. It brings out the rich warmth of the dark wood and makes the place immediately more welcoming, which in case of the living room is a stark contrast to the furniture. The love seat is comfort-adjacent at best, though when he mentions as much to Cas all he gets is an eye-roll. Dean still insists it has to go and in its place he convinces Cas to get a more spacious model with large pillows to sink right into. They of course test it right away when it arrives (read:
“Dean. Believe me when I tell you that I have no interest in actually being involved in this emotionally constipated extravaganza you’ve got going between the two of you. But Cas is my friend and I'm asking you to just think for five seconds before you go all hot and cold on the guy."
The bookseller joins Dean's breezy laughter with a breathy chuckle of his own in agreement before nodding his head in the opposite direction than he came from when carrying the sheets in. "The bathroom is behind that door over there, hopefully you will find everything you need."
“I can take over, if you want,” Cas offered.
A confused frown takes over Sam’s face. “Didn’t you get his number?”
Before Dean could ask, Cas was kissing him.
Sam only adds to the mental image. "Okay, if that's all you need I'll get back to Civil Law: Volumes V-VII. Bye, Dean."
For an hour or so nothing happens. That is to say, a lot of things
Nope. What's up?
“The parenting books I’ve read discourage from being too submissive at this age. We need to assert authority,” Castiel offers, side-stepping a baby carrot missile.
shit from you? Have you met
They just stopped at another gas station to get some food and drinks for the rest of the drive to minimize how often they had to stop. Dean was functioning on just about five hours of sleep and he was confident he could get them to Columbia Falls by the evening if he just provided his body with enough saturated fats and sugar.
They stood like that as they watched the sun rise fully above the peaks.
that are steadily building up the longer Cas is around, though
The angel came back less than a week after Eileen had gotten her physical body back. Just waltzed in through the door, warding be damned. Dean wasn’t even completely sure how long it had been since Cas had left. Weeks, probably. Could have been months, for all that he cared. Bastard couldn’t even give Sam the time of day or call back, yet had the nerve to just barge in like that.
“Let me see,” the angel murmured, crouching down in front of him once Dean was seated on one of the stools. It wasn’t so much a request as it was a warning because Cas’s hands were on him before he could voice his protests. The fingers ghosting across his skin were disconcertingly tender as they traced along cuts and blooming bruises underneath the fabric of Dean’s shirt.
,” Jody exclaims excitedly, probably already having had her fair share of drinks. Dean takes Cas’s hand with an eye-roll, following him dutifully as he leads him away from the table.
. Now here they are, probably facing their imminent demise. Dean knows the statistics. Between all the possible monsters that could have been the end of him, this has to be the worst way to go. For sure.
“What the hell, man?”
. But on this night something compels him to instead slowly reach to undo the buttons of his shirt sleeves. First one, then the other, not breaking eye contact until Dean does. His eyes follow the path of skin as it is revealed from underneath white fabric, wrist to elbow. It’s impossibly chaste, yet Castiel can feel the tension building. When Dean’s eyes snap back up there’s that same look in them like at the care facility. A look of both hunger and restraint that Castiel only knows too well. They’re back at the proverbial precipice, after all these years, still daring each other to take the plunge.
“Oh relax, he’s fine,” the shifter said, almost bored in his reassurance. “He’s just a little
. This doesn’t change anything about what we’re supposed to be doing, if anything it shows that we are on the right track. You, me and Sam, we are doing right by him.”
, even though Dean dislikes using that word outside of a sarcastic context.
And this time
The silence settles back between them and Dean hates it. Hates that after all this time he has nothing to say. For months he’s been imagining conversations that would happen once they ran into each other, yet now he can’t think of any of them. It’s not even that he’s upset, as he was sure he would be. First and foremost he’s relieved Cas is alright and still kicking, but more than that he’s just basking in the presence of the former angel. And he’s desperately trying to not let that show.
for me?”
“Right.” Dean swallows his embarrassment with a sip from the beer he has allowed himself during his food preparation.
Instead of a giant horse, it was now appearing as an eight foot tall man with a floor-length beard standing in front of him. Its posture was hunched over so it could even fit the mine shaft.
“Right, I did,” Dean played along. “Has something come up?”
anywhere, Dean. He is right here and we are all doing the best we can, that’s what counts. What happened is not solely on you, all of us have failed him. Which is why we should be grateful to have gotten this chance to do right by him, for once.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas greeted him, his face still lit up with the joy someone else put there.
Dean checks his watch and, realizing it’s almost time to meet Sam, shakes his head. “Nah, you’ve all been real helpful. I think I got enough.” If he really were to write an article, he’d have exactly jack-shit since about halfway through Charlie’s monologue he stopped jotting down actual words and started drawing squiggly lines instead. If anyone asks, he grew up in a family of doctors or something.
Dean started getting increasingly irritated. “Thanks for the analysis, Dr. Freud.”
, pulling the mess that was Dean Winchester in the moment of his deepest revelation to his chest and holding him there for safekeeping. It was ironic, how Cas had come to his room looking to liberate himself from his secret, yet it was Dean who stripped himself of all his reservations. He cried into the angel’s shoulder, holding on to him with everything he had while his tears lost any specific reason and just merged together into years, decades, of everything that had been repressed.
' due to the fact that he has his cheeks stuffed full.
“Shut up,” Dean murmured, though his brother wasn’t entirely wrong. To his credit, Sam didn’t comment on the way Dean’s eyes never left Cas and the pretty brunette. He did however huff out a laugh when Dean choked on a sip of coffee as he watched her scribble something on a piece of paper that she then handed to Cas.
"No shit," the other man chuckled. "Name's Dean, just in case you didn't listen to the douche back there." He nodded vaguely toward the direction they had come from. "Wouldn't blame you."
"I'll go in first, you wait in case she tries to run."
“Agent Moody’s phone?”
Time stands still as he leans in close, enough so to feel Dean’s ragged exhales against his face. Dean’s eyes are instantly drawn to his mouth, though he’s clearly still fighting his own body for control. It takes every bit of restraint Castiel has not to give in and crush their lips together in a desperate collision. Instead he is hovering right there, barely a breath away, but this is as far as he’s willing to go. If Dean wants this too, he’ll have to take it.
I said while we discussed the spell?”
"Alright. You're right." he conceded, raising his hands in a surrendering gesture. "Still, can we talk about this? Just so we hear your side of the story?”
Castiel just rolls his eyes.
"Yeah, keep telling that to yourself."
That… should not turn Dean on as much as it does. But that voice together with what Castiel is saying take his breath away more effectively than the hands holding him up by his collar. Fuck.
At least Cas doesn’t look hurt anymore when he thanks him with way too much candor for what little Dean is offering.
“It’s precisely because of my ‘parlor trick’ that I feel it is especially unjust for me to deceive your brother. I try to be as honest as I can to even out the imbalance of me being aware of the feelings around me.”
“I mean it,” Dean continued yelling at the air. “You must be really scared of us if you gotta hide like this.” He really hoped this was going to work as intended. “Looks like we’re a match for you after all. A human and a weakened angel. Didn’t expect that, did ya?”
of all things
“Yeah well. It should’ve tried harder then.”
"I regret nothing," Dean replies sulkily and picks up his food once more to underline his statement. He does, however, follow Castiel's example of blowing a huff of air over the cheese before daring to take another bite. "It tastes way better this way, just like pizza. Or burritos. Or burgers."
you're such a jerk
Sam took a moment to think. “So pray to him.”
It was Cas’ turn to sigh, his head dropping against the car’s side window. “I’m still here, aren’t I?”
at first contact with my grace. Starved for any kind of care. Begging to be loved.” A hint of amusement sparks in Cas’s eyes. “Imagine my surprise when the man this soul belonged to stabbed me upon our very next meeting once I came too close.”
For a long time they sat there in the fortress of the bunker’s early morning silence, not saying anything. Cas because he’d said all there could be said between them at this point in time and Dean because what he needed to say still wouldn’t come easy. Ultimately, Cas dropped his hands from Dean’s face and rested them in his own lap instead as he averted his eyes, steeling himself to retreat back to the more respectable distance he was usually allowed to stay at now that Dean didn’t need the support any more. Just out of reach. Dean couldn’t allow it.
looking at the sliver of exposed skin revealed by the t-shirt as Castiel stretches. A moment later an orange box is pushed into his hands and Castiel taps his index finger on the single word written below the brand label.
"Like, for real?" Dean asks, honestly beginning to question his companion's sanity. "What the hell is in your tea, man?"
“Really, Dean?”
. And Cas, ever saintly patient just enables his lack of emotional vulnerability, perfectly content with whatever he is willing to offer. As an angel he’d always kept his feelings ambiguous, had been happy to sacrifice himself though he’d thought his love was not reciprocated even though of course it is and has been for so long. He’d been content with what little Dean pushed himself to give once they truly had nothing left to lose. And even now that they are a definite
Jack shoves a spoonful of food into his mouth, the milk-to-cereal ratio lopsided enough for loud crunching noises to fill the awkward silence as he doesn’t move a muscle to take the phone. Dean heaves a tortured sigh but doesn’t push him. “Kid’s not in a talking mood,” he says into the phone. “I’ll catch you later.” And he hangs up.
Before Dean can answer, Sam makes his way toward them, chewing on a bite-sized quiche that Dean cannot wait to tease him about for the next thirty years. “Did Rowena just steal my caterer?”
When Eileen got released from the hospital Cas was the one to pick her up, with Sam obviously incapable of and Dean probably disproportionately whiny about driving due to their respective injuries. To add insult to, well,
“I dunno. I just – I guess I was looking forward to doing this the right way.”
What other reason would he have, right?
“Or, he’s got something to hide,” Dean speculated. “We should definitely pay him another visit before we leave, what do you think?”
The next instant he finds himself caught in a flurry of tan fabric and flying rain drops as he is being pushed up against the wall at his back. “You prayed to me,” Cas whispers in complete awe. His breath ghosts across Dean’s face in a brief moment of hesitation that disappears the second their lips meet. It’s a forceful kiss that knocks every last breath out of Dean’s lungs and even though he knows if he wants to keep his sanity he should put a stop to this he’s too weak to resist. It’s just been so fucking long since last time.
In his sleep, Dean makes a soft noise of contentment that draws Castiel’s attention to him as the words from the book echo in his head.
Apparently Castiel thinks everybody is a nuisance because even before he can identify the intruder as Dean he makes a disapproving sound. Then his eyes widen.
was helpful to anyone. Really, there was nothing he could say.
with an enthusiastic, "Here, take mine too."
like the angel Castiel could at Dean in the sanctuary of the Men of Letters bunker.
"I found a book on my travels. It contained a powerful spell that promised to render even the darkest magic powerless. It did not say if that included Cain's Mark but I… I hoped Metatron might know something and when he didn't… I was ready to kill him, Dean."
Dean suppressed the innate urge to snap at his brother and instead closed his eyes and let out a deep breath. They were back at the bunker, treating themselves to some beers after a painfully awkward drive home, not made better by their scorned client blowing up their work phone with furious voicemails. All day Sam had been looking at him with an unsettling amount of concern. It had gotten bad enough that Dean had made him drive the damn car just so he’d be forced to look on the road instead. When he opened his eyes again now he avoided Sam’s gaze. “No offense, but talkin’s not gonna do the trick. Not this time.”
Of all the nuclear breakdowns in their communication over the years, this may qualify as their biggest one. This entire time Cas had been giving himself to Dean piece by piece as he discovered himself, thinking that he understood while Dean had gathered it all, had confidently labeled it as weird angel quirks and hidden it away somewhere. Dean had been fond of it all, treasured the information, he’d just never realized it had never been about Cas understanding humanity or even just Dean- it had been about finding
Sam’s words came just before Dean was about ready to bounce. The younger hunter was sitting at one of the long wooden tables below the bunker’s entrance with his bad leg propped up on a second chair. His eyes were rapidly flying over the screen of the laptop set on the table. Dean mouthed a silent ‘thank god’ into his coffee mug before he could help it. Hopefully God had nothing to do with what Sam had discovered.
has a thing for suspense because even when the crew has cleared out of the arena, the only change that happens is the gradual swell of the music. Dean almost relaxes enough not to think about the gun at his belt, causing him to startle ever so slightly when the music suddenly comes to a crescendo just as a bunch of polytechnics go off, sending sparks flying as a figure briskly walks into the arena. The lights come on very gradually, painting the arena a rich orange color and finally revealing the performer; a dark-haired guy in a long, heavy, black leather coat that trails after him as he walks his rounds to draw the audience’s attention. He certainly caught Dean’s.
Dean spun around so fast, he should have been dizzy from it and it was only through dumb luck that he evaded the attack aimed at his head.
Rather than going off on his planned tirade, Dean said, “Good morning, sunshine.”
“Before we do this… There’s something I have to tell you,” Cas said almost nervously. By the tone of his voice it was unrelated to the hunt.
“No, Sam, it’s fucking empty. That’s the
“There were four thousand four hundred and sixteen when you first arrived,” Cas explains, touching a hand to Dean’s cheek that Dean covers with his own. “I did not immediately understand the significance of it until I noticed their numbers grow but once we got an approximate idea of how much time had passed on Earth it made sense.”
It's stupid, sure, but it also kind of makes sense. He's cursed. Problem is, he has no idea when he had the time to royally piss off a witch in the past week between work and, well, watching Castiel. Especially since the latter was sort of a full-time occupation. Which isn't pathetic
we just give him food that he’ll eat by choice.”
“Hey, man. I’ll make sure our resident psychic here gets home safe. Do you need a ride too?”
“You are insufferable,” Cas complained, though there was a smile in his voice as he leaned in closer, the hand not currently holding Dean’s coming up to cradle his face.
It took a lot to reach the end of Dean’s patience, on a good day. On a bad day all bets were off, of course, but lately most days had been good and so he somewhat prided himself on how well he’d been dealing with the situation up until now. However, Cas was an expert on stumbling upon all the wrong buttons when it came to Dean, and pushing all of them. This is why, at 7 a.m. on a goddamn Tuesday, Dean was rushing through the labyrinth of hallways in the bunker on a mission to tear Cas a new one. In his hand he clutched the proverbial last straw in the form of an innocent little jar of honey. It was sample-sized, barely two ounces if that but to Dean it might as well have been a whole freaking pound.
He stops against his better judgment.
When the path allowed it, Dean took the opportunity to match the angel’s pace and walk next to him. His boots were struggling for grip. He wasn’t quite prepared for the next words leaving Cas’ mouth.
Once inside the room, he makes a beeline for the table in the corner to grab the greasy bag of leftover fries from their lunch haul. Stuffing a handful into his mouth, he drops onto his designated mattress. A loose spring digs into his ribs, reminding him how fucking tired he is of the motel life. He doesn’t know how long he lies staring at a water stain on the ceiling while chewing on stale fries, but it feels like a very long time.
Dean chokes on air and only narrowly escapes a coughing fit. “Why would you ask that?”
“I’m sorry,” he said, surprised by the way his own voice broke under the weight of the words.
"Dean," Castiel says darkly, making the name alone sound like a threat, "follow me, please." The politeness is obviously forced and Dean swallows to suppress another, more obvious shudder. Without thinking he stands just as Castiel pushes off the shelf and turns to take a step toward the store's front.
His feet moved on their own accord, a snickering Sam hot on his heels. When they reached Cas’s honey stand, Dean forced a smile.
soon morphed into the candid
"They went to bed. You weren't very responsive to their retreat." With that, Cas got up and began to stack the empty pizza cartons and gather the bottles on the table together. Dean noticed that he was still wearing his suit jacket.
"I just wanna know what the hell you were thinkin', man!" Dean yelled, fist connecting painfully with the cold surface of that stupid fucking kitchen counter he seemed to always end up at.
“Is it because Jack rejected your
, as Charlie called it. The bubbly redhead throws around technical terms like punches as she explains her light and sound system to Dean, who really doesn’t have the slightest idea what she’s talking about. Eventually, though she seems to run out of steam and moves on to talking about Gilda, who apparently designs a lot of the outfits for the show.
That's right.
In short, Castiel was enjoying himself.
They order some finger food so the alcohol isn’t met by completely empty stomachs and eat while Kalanie fills them in on what’s been happening on the island. She starts off by showing them an aerial image of a big open space that apparently used to be part of a conservation reserve but was recently approved to be turned into a commercial area. He halfway expects Sam to gasp dramatically. Instead they all stare at the second image Kalanie shows them, which was supposedly taken a week after the first one. The area is unrecognizable. In the place of the big open space there’s now an entire fucking volcano. It’s almost cartoonish with red hot lava seeming to spew out of it if the image is anything to go by. Truth is, Dean knows fuck-all about volcanoes, or about Hawaii for that matter. As far as he’s aware that’s how it happens; one morning you wake up and
Cas leaves after that, disappearing into the hallway.
Dean follows the admirably discreet sideways nod Benny gives him to a redhead who looks like she wants to eat him alive, and not in the sexy way. His first instinct is
Dean rolls his eyes. “I didn’t hit it, don’t worry.”
Cas rolled up the sleeves of his now un-cuffed shirt. «You’re still angry,» he stated.
expressed his excitement with rejoicings loud enough to sound above the already ear-shattering thunder of noise. Reluctantly, Castiel looked over his shoulder to confirm his suspicions. There, several rows behind them, was Gabriel hoisted up on Balthazar's shoulders so everyone could see the neon pink sign he was holding up.
Clearly his brother had not expected him to be so forthcoming judging by the complete surprise on his face. It would have been comical at some point but the whole thing still made Dean uncomfortable enough for any potential humor to be lost.
“It’s a new development,” Dean offered reluctantly, deciding at the last minute to pull the collar of his shirt aside to reveal the fading red mark around his neck. “Together with this.”
“Can’t Sam go talk to him? He enjoys being the hobby therapist among us.” The jab at his brother fell flat when it didn’t evoke the slightest reaction from the angel.
Dean hated when his brother was right. He’d rather give Baby's bonnet racing stripes than admit it though. “You done?”
. There was a short pause, again, before he spoke up. "I'm '
he’s definitely showing off because as he lifts the torch, a small flame remains burning on his freaking tongue like it’s no big deal. From there the artist purses his lips, somehow keeping the flame alive as he holds out his hand, palm facing upwards, and transfers the flame onto it. A smaller flame lingers in his open palm as he keeps it there for a few moments until he leans in to blow the audience a kiss in the form of a small fireball to raging success and Dean knows it’s impossible considering how far back he’s sitting but for a moment it feels like their eyes meet.
“What are you doing,” Dean rasps once Castiel also starts to circle the button of his jeans, now triumphantly aware of the unmistakable strain beneath the denim.
"I suppose," Castiel agrees, sounding way less hostile than Dean thought he would.
He doesn't pay attention to how long he's sitting there, openly staring, hand fidgeting absentmindedly with the hem of his matching shirt to keep it from doing anything impulsive. The sun reaches its lowest point on the horizon, quickly sinking into the calmly swaying ocean and taking the warm light with it, leaving them in a more subdued blue evening light and the neon sign of the bar somewhere above their heads. A soft breeze musses through Cas' hair and on instinct Dean's hand comes up to fix it but the other man beats him to it by running his own fingers through the messy strands in an innocent gesture that should not have made Dean's heart stumble over itself for a beat or two. Ultimately, the movement seems to shake Cas out of his alcohol induced stupor and he stretches his arms above his head with the laissez faire of a cat on a window sill. Dean forgets to find an excuse why he's staring at the way the movement makes Cas' abdominal muscles tense for just a moment. He's almost personally offended when Cas lazily pushes off the bar stool, surprisingly steady on his feet, and effectively ends the show.
“That was… new.” Dean said after a moment, not even trying to hide the exhaustion in his voice.
The look Cas sends his way- eyes narrowed, head tilted, still half smiling- makes Dean vow to spend the eternity of his afterlife getting to know this still-the-same-but-different Cas inside and out. While a part of him wants to rush forward right this moment and profess his deepest devotion, he doesn’t quite know how to go about that in a way that does their shared history and Cas’s parting words to him back at the bunker justice. However, Dean’s always been a man who likes a mission, a purpose, so instead he raises the toolbox in his hand for emphasis and announces he’ll get to working on the kitchen faucet.
Cas blinked. "I… It was a joke."
Soon they’re all gathered around the kitchen table, enjoying their respective PB&J’s – even Sam, though naturally his has to be wholegrain bread – and Dean finds himself unable to keep from smiling. It’s a damn good morning with his little family. Jack is grinning and babbling on and on about volcanoes, which are all the hype at daycare these days, while Sam listens expressively and Cas nods along with every tidbit of information, eyes intensely focused on the boy. Secretly he’s resting a hand on Dean’s thigh under the table. It’s a new kind of touch, a promise of closeness and intimacy that Dean is all too eager to explore now that he’s decided to let himself do so. Frankly, he can’t remember the last time he was this excited for something. Cas isn’t faring any better if the looks he all-too obviously sneaks at him are anything to go by and suddenly this pleasant little family moment morphs into the world’s longest breakfast as Dean grows impatient. Jack takes
Dean immediately felt his stomach drop. That sentence was never followed by 'and now everything is great'. "What kind of deal?" he asked, all impatience forgotten in an instant.
as an official honey vendor at the harvest festival. Cas was neither thrilled about using what used to be his vessel’s last name, nor that they had to peel the labels off all of his honey jars to replace them with his official brand;
Cas seemed to be zoned out ,staring into empty space while Dean was already packing their things.
He gently pries the book from Cas’s hands, wanting his full attention. The action paints a shade of concern onto Cas’s face that Dean tries to quickly fight by taking Cas’s hand in both of his. “I kinda need you to look at me for this.”
“I don’t know, Cas seems to be handling the attention just fine.”
He barely suppressed a yawn.
“Aw, we love you too, you big softie,” Charlie retorts from where she’s sitting on his other side, squeezing his shoulder for emphasis.
Dean didn't hide his impressed smile at her negotiation skills. "Atta girl."
“Yeah, no. I’mma call you Cas.” Dean stubbornly holds the man’s gaze. “Let me spell this out for you, I’m here because Sam asked me to be. He likes working with you on writing spells and brewing potions or whatever it is you do all day and that’s great. It’s good to see him happy. But I want nothing to do with all that mumbo-jumbo.”
“Ask him yourself, he’s your son.”
“Gotta drive,” Dean explained vaguely while not even stopping in his tracks. His brother easily fell into pace next to him. All hail those sasquatchian legs.
An unexpected hand on his shoulder stops Dean from doing the same.
Cas didn’t seem to hear him at all.
"No, really! It's huge and- and kinda mouldy, I don't know. Old as fuck, probably. Maybe we can look through it, see what curse whoever's panties I twisted laid on me and
The entire Harvelle clan plus Ash follow not long after, sticking to each other like glue.
Fueled by anger, both at himself and his reckless error as well as at the shifter for knocking out Cas, Dean charged at the monster. It was prepared for his attack, so he only managed to nip it in the arm, slicing through all the layers of clothes Cas insisted on wearing. The shifter yowled in pain as the silver burned its skin. Dean took the slight distraction as an opportunity to land a second much deeper cut across its chest. When it staggered backwards, away from the weapon, Dean moved as well to grab Cas’s angel blade from the dead body. Using the rush of adrenaline to his advantage, he made quick work of the ropes holding up his friend. He didn’t have time to make sure Cas was okay before the shifter closed in on them.
Still, he wouldn’t be Dean freakin’ Winchester if he didn’t continue business as usual. As far as he was concerned he was being discreet as hell. Maybe he sometimes tried a bit too hard to play the tension between them off with a joke, like when they’d shared a companionable victory drink just before Jody had called. Or maybe he was just becoming addicted to that goddamn smile. Either way, things were… good. Yeah. No need to ruin anything by getting sentimental.
The lid flips open to reveal the rings. “I’m not scared any more, Cas.”
Not that Cas needed a reason to drop by, the invitation to stay was always extended. That being said, the last time he'd seen Cas was before the Kansas summer had even so much as peeked around the corner, and by now it was in full blow.
’ in that cemetery years ago. There is nothing gentle in this moment now, just harsh words contradicted by poorly cloaked longing in both their eyes. For a moment, Castiel wonders when things have become so icy between them after they had been on the precipice to something else, something warm, for so many years.
Cas’s ears grow a shade darker under everyone’s scrutiny before he dares to meet Bobby’s eyes, shrugging apologetically.
Once the coffee is sufficiently brewed, he adds some sugar to his own cup and Cas’s favorite vanilla creamer to the black-and-yellow striped mug he picked out for himself. Dean actually made Cas swear not to overdo it on bee-themed merchandise in the house, but if Dean Winchester in love is one thing it’s a damn push-over and now here they are with Cas’s bumblebee mug and little bees flying loops on their tea towels. He doesn’t really mind, especially since he gets to have a little Impala replica on the mantel in the living room between Cas’s array of cacti and succulents.
“I- uh.” Dean frowned, feeling a throbbing nervousness in the pit of his stomach. “I don’t know if I feel...
"I don't want to hear another word from you, man," Dean says coldly, yanking his arm away and walking off, pointedly ignoring the dropping of his stomach at the other man's expression- for now the bastard deserves it.
Which meant it was distracted.
"Yup. Still me."
“I enjoyed myself as well,” Cas agrees. “Despite of how worried you were beforehand.”
value pack of underwear from a brand Dean recognizes. As he grabs the t-shirt after slipping on a pair of boxer briefs and the shorts he hears the distinct rustle of plastic and notices one of those cheap toothbrushes they sometimes offer in hotels on the counter below the last item of clothing.
say something this ignorant and disrespectful again with Jack in the room. I’m serious, Dean, I won’t tolerate it.”
“Yeah, me too.”
They hadn't really been all that busy, partly due to the fact that the angels were busy putting Metatron on trial and Crowley was... Well probably scheming something or other but for the time being he seemed to steer clear of them. Because of that their hunts stayed fairly close to home base, and weren't exactly strenuous and frankly, Dean realized he really could do without the smelly motel rooms and constant muscle aches. Now though a bigger fish had come along and they’d caught its scent purely by coincidence- or rather Sam and Cas had.
“I’d try the petting zoo,” Bree offered, apparently taking pity on him.
"Assclown?!" Dean bristled. "Wait. Taller?"
Faster than Dean can process it, the torch is once more swallowed down with ease, though when the artist withdraws it this time it’s still burning. Dean hears gasps all around him when Castiel tops the move off by releasing an additional flame from his mouth, making himself into a human torch for several seconds until he releases the flame with a smooth little puff. Almost immediately, Castiel swallows down the flaming end of the torch
Turns out Jack got invited to his first sleepover and by the look on his brother’s face as he announces it, Dean can’t quite tell who’s more excited, Jack or Sam. If he’s completely honest, he gets where Sam is coming from. A sleepover is something so
And that's it. Dean can't take it anymore. He doesn't run but his carefully maintained façade breaks and he bursts out laughing. It's not all humorous, there's some desperation mixed into the belly-deep sound, but he just can't help it. "Cas," he wheezes out. "Is that- payback for this morning?"
Dean stops dancing and instead leans back to catch Cas’s gaze. “Excuse me?”
huh.”
Once he realized what it was, he wished the fetid carpet would swallow him whole. “Fuck,” he assessed eloquently. “This is why I fucking hate witches.”
“He’s also talking in much more complex sentences.”
The voice sounded familiar but wrong coming from the angel.
Suddenly the angel's head snapped up and for the briefest second Dean was sure that Cas was going to smite him. "I fell because I chose to and I fell for you. Not because of you.
A hand on his shoulder stopped him in his tracks. For a brief moment he thought Cas had sensed his unease and was trying to reassure him but when he turned to look at the angel, he merely motioned to the hunter to be quiet and listen. There was no time to be disappointed.
“Castiel.” He finds himself grinning from ear to ear. “Cas. You’re stubborn, and you’re an idiot and you drive me up the wall with your bee obsession.” He raises a hand in a silencing gesture before Cas can complain about having been promised
“Does this mean you'll hire me?” Sam is unable to keep his excitement at bay. Not that it would be worth the effort, knowing that Castiel can easily pick up on his emotions.
at the way Cas is clinging to Dean not unlike her husband is holding onto her.
At that Cas turns his full attention on him, and his eyes burn with the same intensity as when he was still an angel. “And what is it you’re trying to say?”
"Is that a reason why you're so torn about having your grace back?"
He positioned himself close to the bowl, waiting for Sam to begin the ritual. His brother took a deep breath, rolled his shoulders and sent him a nervous smile, barely a twitch at the corner of his mouth. Then he started chanting, the words from the scroll rolling off his tongue more awkwardly than the Latin he was used to. With all the confidence he could muster, Dean cut into the flesh of his arm until the blood ran freely. Once the first drops fell into the bowl the air grew thick with the familiar electricity of magic. Sam’s chanting stocked but he regained his composure fast and continued in an even steadier voice than before, fueled by determination. It felt like time lost its meaning or at the very least stopped for the time being, every word from Sam’s lips charging the room. The closer he got to the bottom of the scroll, the more effort it seemed to take. Dean began to feel dizzy from both the blood-loss and the suffocating power taking up what felt like all the air in the room. He was actually dangerously close to passing out when Sam yelled what must have been the final words of the spell and threw the crystal into the copper bowl. A bright flash of pink blinded them as time seemed to start back up and the air came rushing back into the room. Dean was thrown backwards with the sheer force of it.
” was all the answer he got before Sam actually caught sight of the glow as well. “Holy shit, when did it start doing that?”
There’s the hint of a smile Dean seems to be trying very hard to hold back. “You’re just bullshitting now, aren’t you.”
Dean woke up in a cold sweat, almost shocked when he looked around to find himself in the same generic motel room he had gone to bed in. He’d been having the same dream for months now and it still stressed him to no end each time. He’d had vivid nightmares all those years ago after his time in literal Hell but somehow this felt more real than any of them. This was especially strange when considering the fact that he rarely dreamed at all. He’d learned a long time ago what the best remedy for unwanted subconscious adventures was, and the half-empty bottle on his nightstand was testimony to that. He shook his head as if to get rid of what remained of the vivid dream before dragging himself off the shoddy mattress, noticing grimly how much he missed his memory foam back home. Another quick if more attentive scan of the room revealed that he was alone, with Sam’s bed already made. A swear escaped him under his breath, thinking he had overslept but as he searched for his phone in the pockets of yesterday’s pants it became clear to him that the light pouring in through the poor excuses of curtains covering the window gave away that it was early morning. The suspicion was confirmed as his phone screen greeted him with the time of 6:53 a.m. together with a message from his brother informing him he was on a run and would bring breakfast. Dean rubbed tiredly at his eyes and seriously considered the option to catch a few more minutes of sleep but thought the better of it. If Sam was out it meant now was his best chance to get a hot shower.
His funnel cake suddenly uninteresting, Dean shoved the leftovers at Sam before stalking back toward the stand with determination. When he noticed his approach, Cas squared his shoulders and took a subtle step out of Man Bun’s orbit as if he’d been caught doing something he shouldn’t.
Dean scoffed as he reached for a fresh set of clothes in his duffel bag. “Aren’t you getting a little old to keep up those workouts?”
A heavy sigh escapes Castiel and he closes his eyes briefly in frustration before focusing his too blue eyes on the mechanic. "How do you feel about magic?"
“Marvelous,” the woman coos as she steps out of her office to approach him. She’s wearing a floor-length dress made from heavy velvet fabric that cloaks her small frame. When she reaches out to shake his hand in greeting, her palm is almost comically small in his. “Rowena MacLeod,” she introduces herself. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Samuel.”
Cas nodded without meeting Dean’s eyes, clearly not convinced Dean had any fault in this mess. He instructed the other angels to take care of the body and wait by his car. The order was met with compliance.
He clears his throat. “And all
When Dean lay in –
It isn't until Friday that Dean's resolve begins to crumble. Bobby told him to grab his shit and go home early and Dean just doesn't feel like spending the rest of a perfectly good day at home watching television. He can't pinpoint the exact moment he made the decision but soon enough he finds himself at the threshold of
Dean stubbornly drove on for about an hour and a half, keeping his back painfully straight even as the merciless weather threw some low-hanging fog into the mix for good measure. When him continuing to drive at this visibility dipped just to the wrong side of recklessness, he gave in and reluctantly pulled over. It was a quick switch between them and Dean was thankful that Cas didn’t comment on his victory over the hunter’s pride.
"Thank you, Gabe."
Instead of saying something ridiculous, Dean opted to lean in for another kiss before nudging Cas gently into the direction of his room.
“Okay, you know what, that’s it,” Sam gets up with an exasperated sigh. “I’ll go get Jack ready for his daycare and you two – I don’t even want to know. Just, get it over with,
All Dean could do was nod, still overwhelmed by the suddenness of the angel’s choice. Only it became clear as he opened himself to an explanation Cas was very patient to provide that it really wasn’t all that sudden. It had just been one more thing to completely slip under Dean’s radar while he had been too occupied with his own issues. Cas had lived as both an angel and a human and ever since his rebellion he’d been in a constant struggle with his divine origin, fighting to tip the scale either way so he could finally find peace in his identity. In Dean’s book he had always been an angel, even during the time he worked at that gas ‘n sip under his goofy alias he’d been
. Better not antagonize the only ally he has right now.
“Yes, that’s me,” he says awkwardly as he tries not to let on how nervous he’s feeling.
“Sam got you up to speed?”
He realized too late that right above him one of the branches was losing its battle against the storm.
"I believe we might be dealing with a curse," the other man says gravely.
“I—You know what, this is pointless. I’m gonna take a shower, and then I’m gonna go over what little material we do have. You can do whatever you want.”
his presence but then he realizes the Impala is parked out front. He doesn’t really have the time to be disappointed when he almost bumps right into Cas at the bottom of the stairs.
"Lawyer," he corrected.
For a beat nothing happens.
“I would really like to find out.” Cas carefully shifts to sit closer to Dean. “If you’ll let me?”
The words are meant to placate him, adding insult to injury, and Castiel wants none of it. ‘
“You’ve had to do that before?” Dean asks in morbid curiosity.
