“You were wonderful you know, doctor. I would really like to do this again, if you would be amenable to it.”
John in turn would give the same reply that he had given Victor, but a more elaborate version, allowing the disagreement between him and Sherlock and his drug abuse shine through in his narrative.
“That’s because I don’t see the reason for you to know the answer. Don’t get sloppy with me, big brother. That is what you are after all -
“What’s happened? Where
John shook his head as he was still trying to come to terms with this new shocking turn of events. It still didn’t make any sense to him how someone like Victor had suddenly managed to get the upper hand in a situation he seemed too stupid to come up with of his own. That he had stumbled upon Magnussen had been his blessing, but what was Magnussen’s true motive with helping out?
If Magnussen was here as well, he was not part of the welcoming committee and even if some people, himself included, could resist the opportunity to stay in the dark until a great reveal, Magnussen had not presented such characteristics so far. Drama was more his own department. So, even if he couldn’t rule out the possibility of the media man being there somewhere lurking inside, it didn’t seem probable and this elevated his mood noticeably.
He certainly didn’t want to lose his hold on Sherlock who had managed to be quite an entertaining distraction, surprising even Magnussen himself who normally grew bored with toys pretty quickly.
John couldn’t help but notice that he was quite the looker and just the sort of type John had tended to go for when he had last been interested in dating anyone, even if this particular man was far more handsome than anyone John had ever dated earlier. But then he quickly waved that thought away on account of the seriousness of the situation. Besides, he hadn’t shown any interest in meeting anyone since he had come back to England and this was hardly the time to think about such things.
A brother shouldn’t really bother with if his younger sibling decided to embark on a sexual and/or romantic relationship with another person, especially when that other person was someone like Doctor Watson, a slightly flawed man with some troublesome baggage but essentially kind-hearted and easy. In reality, there could scarcely have been a more suitable candidate for Sherlock, especially since he was proving to have a good influence on Mycroft’s reckless brother, at least to some extent.
His curiosity about Sherlock’s true state of health combined with the rumours of a falling out with his doctor and possible lover would force Magnussen into action soon enough.
“How very presumptuous of you. Especially as I have nothing to hide.”
This isn’t the first time Sherlock has been abducted, but none the less, this does indeed sound like a foe above average if Mycroft is anything to go by, and despite trying to remain calm in the face of danger, John hopes for this to be over with soon enough.
“He doesn’t know that! To him you are a...a ...well, I don’t know exactly what sort of persona you sold to him, but I’m pretty sure it wasn’t your usual rude self, or he wouldn’t be this eager.”
Sherlock snorted at this.
“Escort the doctor out of my house,” he said to the butler, not bothering to look at the man as he gave his order. He showed the same discourtesy towards John as he addressed him as well.
When he had eventually realised that John wanted something else and was doing a rather poor job of hiding those feelings, Sherlock had felt embarrassed for not realising it earlier.
Mycroft gave Magnussen a cold stare before his eyes narrowed as he searched his brother’s face as if looking for something behind his motionless mask. Victor on the other hand positively beamed with satisfaction and reached for Sherlock’s hand, kissing the tip of his fingers lovingly in a way that forced John to turn his eyes away from the sight to prevent himself to follow his impulse and jam his gilded fork forcefully into the back of Victor’s hand.
John still felt himself reeling from the onslaught of information he had received and anger was rapidly rising inside of him. Because suddenly Magnussen’s creepiness increased with the force of an avalanche crashing down over him and those sinister paintings he had seen at Magnussen’s flat, the dark shadowy spectre reaching out for a young man’s throat, suddenly held a completely different meaning to him. A part of him also felt anger towards Sherlock who so readily seemed to have come to terms with his fate. '
Did he regret it though?
Mycroft instantly snorted at this.
“Exactly! The problem is that he is far too controlling about his things. He never was prone to sharing, even as a child. Every time he had a birthday, he never wanted anyone else to get a piece of the cake, he wants everything to himself, whatever the subject might be. He clearly suffers from both gluttony as well as greed.”
Punctually at six the car parked next to the kerb outside and in order to prevent his brother’s surveillance from growing suspicious, he made certain that he didn’t keep it waiting, that the lights were left on inside the flat to show that John was still in it and seemingly okay with him leaving (they didn’t know that the doctor was in fact sound asleep and would be for a couple hours still), and as casually as possible he strode down and calmly entered the car, as if it had been a cab or some other perfectly normal vehicle waiting for him.
The loss of Sherlock is beginning to cause a physical ache in his chest that threatens to never go away and the need to see his friend again, if only for a second, to hear that he is alive, would be enough to calm John’s nerves, to prevent him from picking up his gun now and again, weighing it in his hand as he contemplates mercilessly shooting a person who so far is nothing more than a taunting shadow.
“What have you done? Is he at least still alive?”
He turned to look at the other man now. “And you, Mr Magnussen, please make the call.”
The only person he cared about was now forced to succumb to whatever hellish acts Magnussen wanted to subject him to and there was nothing for John to do but allow it to happen for now, to admit defeat and let matters to take their course.
“But I haven’t even brought anything with me to show you what I have.”
“You really are in a dreadful condition, Mycroft. You spend too much time sitting behind a desk and eating far too many rich business lunches, this way you will have next to no stamina left for other activities in life.”
Mercurial and stubborn and marching to no one else’s drum but his own, that wayward little brother of his.
John slept on the couch in the living room to be close by if Sherlock needed him and he woke up well before his flatmate did, went up and made breakfast and proceeded with the day as he usually would.
He tears the door to the bedroom open just as Mycroft says:
He had recently insisted on walking back to work on his own instead of being driven, simply because he didn’t want Mycroft’s chauffeur to tell his boss how long he stayed with Sherlock during his visits.
“Purcell did indeed suddenly fall prey to his body failing him. It was most unfortunate. I will pass on your condolences to his wife when next seeing her.”
“Dr Watson?” she said, her voice stern and demanding, clearly thinking that being in this half-empty barrack in the middle of nowhere was way beneath her status.
There would be too much material to remove from his brother’s memory if Mycroft’s persona was going to be completely erased and there was always a risk that too much of Sherlock’s personality would be removed along with his memories, so in the end he had settled for this solution.
“We can’t all survive on air and nicotine like you do,” he hissed sharply in reply and removed a crumb of chèvre from the corner of his mouth. He wasn’t going to deny himself just because his little brother was in a fretful mood. Food was after all one of the few enjoyments to be had from events like these.
Then teeth suddenly scraped against the delicate skin, creating the perfect sensation between pleasure and pain so utterly difficult to contain that John gasped out loud while Sherlock got a pleased glimmer in his eye before he allowed his tongue to return to the job, thus sending a thrill of pleasure so overwhelming that John for a second could see nothing but white spots dance in front of him as he closed his eyes against the tidal wave of desire.
me after this discovery.”
“No, Sir,” came a somewhat affronted reply.
“And I want the fancy brand I know Mycroft has stored away somewhere, none of that cheap stuff that burns a hole in your throat with every sip. If he objects, tell him that he bloody well
“Fine,” he grits out. “I’ll just finish my drink and then I’ll be on my way.”
Because was this actually happening?
It actually did sting a little that John apparently didn’t think he could handle this business with Magnussen, John who normally always believed in Sherlock’s abilities so loyally. Why did it matter to John if the media mogul was showing signs of obsession with Sherlock, that was rather the point after all?
“You don’t need to keep pointing out how easily duped I was!”
Right now Mycroft was not fairing that much better. John could sense some sibling rivalry going on between them, not too far off from the way he and Harry addressed each other occasionally, with the exception that they did it in private, not amongst others.
Instead he had taken the stance of pretending that things were they way John himself pretended things to be between them and officially they were nothing more than two flatmates that solved crimes together and shared the rent. Friendship was perhaps a good term for it as well, but it had never been addressed openly and Mycroft wasn’t interested in labelling things either, if his brother wasn’t keen on it.
He had expected some sort of relief or at least a little gratitude at this piece of news but instead he saw John exchanging glances with Mycroft and not so much as a trace of happiness on neither of their faces.
But at the same time, Mycroft wasn’t necessarily a man of action, preferring the safety of sitting behind a desk to come up with his stratagems, John had no idea how clever he would be just thinking on his feet.
“What was that about? You reacted like a teenager trying to steal a look at the latest idol. “
“He isn’t interested you know. It is all just a game to him,” he seethed.
“Yes, but
And with that he removed his hands from the mess that John had managed to inflict on them as well as over his own trousers, then elegantly he retrieved a handkerchief that was left discarded on his desk and wiped his hands clean before he let it fall to the floor, not offering it to John who remained standing uncomfortably damp and cold between his legs.
“My theory is that he indulged on something throughout the evening, he was uncharacteristically subdued and solemn during the whole dinner party.”
Mycroft had not looked very convinced but if he didn’t believe it, at least he didn’t voice that doubt out loud.
This forced Mycroft to be the one to make the first move, a role he wasn’t used to playing, being the expert in the art of conquering situations by using the oppressing power of silence, forcing others to be the nervous ones instead. This tactic did not work with Magnussen unfortunately and as Mycroft was the interrupting party here, he simply had to swallow the sour pill of humbleness and begin his excuses for disrupting the other man’s dinner.
“So what do you suggest we do to achieve that?” he asked despite his misgivings about Sherlock’s suggestion, his hand trailing along the sliver of smooth exposed skin across the chest where the dressing gown had created an opening between the panels.
It seemed idiotic to continue playing the part he had been assigned, Magnussen didn’t really seem convinced of his playacting skills anyway, but on the other hand, admitting defeat now meant that their game was over.
Mycroft studied his brother’s face intently.
As Magnussen was more part of Mycroft’s world than of Sherlock’s, they had never crossed paths and it wasn’t actually clear if the businessman had heard of Holmes the younger as of yet, but Mycroft was certainly someone Magnussen was well aware of and they had met a few times before.
Fending for himself or possibly forced to humbly crawl back to Mycroft and ask for assistance?
Shortly before eight a black car with tinted windows showed up outside the facility gates to take him all the way to London. He still had no idea who the host of the party was or where the event was being held, but as he seated himself in the backseat he noticed that there was a partition raised between him and the driver so he decided that there was no use asking any questions in advance, he would just have to sit back and see where the journey would take him.
“He is no longer the man I once cared for back in Cambridge, surely you have realised that by now? He has no problem keeping me as his prisoner, tethered to him for life despite knowing how much I hate him for it, and yet you think me callous for offering him a swift painless death by my brother’s arrangement?”
Or be with John at all.
Mycroft couldn’t help but narrow his eyes slightly at this tiresome threat that was hurled at him from time to time whenever Victor didn’t have his way regarding one thing or another.
, are they? Like the one who just abducted your precious brother straight under your nose! Yes, I can see all that surveillance working out really nice and effectively for you!”
He had once asked if John couldn’t make a list of the things that was undesirable when being in a relationship, he had even intended to actually to give it glance to see if it would be utterly preposterous or actually doable, but John had only replied that if he ever got started penning down such a list, he would still be at it come Christmas.
One was to just whip his gun out, point it at Dr Roylott and ask him about Sherlock straight out.
“Don’t even consider rising from that floor or I’ll shot a third hole through your body!” he yelled to the man inside and the quickly redialled Mycroft.
It was the painting he had caught John Watson studying during the dinner party, never recognising the significance of what it portrayed. Well, hardly surprising, Magnussen hadn’t asked for an identical resemblance after all, it would have been a bit too garish even for him, but both Sherlock as well as Mycroft had realised what it depicted when seeing it.
He remembered having seen a man who had been bitten by a carpet viper in Afghanistan a few years back, but that bite had looked a little different from this, more blistering and with dead tissue around the bite. That man had survived but had still been forced to amputate two fingers as he had been given the antidote a little too late. It was John who had done the surgery afterwards.
The issue of his drug abuse had not been touched upon by either of them, but Sherlock was right when he said that it had not left John’s mind even if he had failed to address it yet.
In the beginning, after he had first arrived from Afghanistan, he had been completely lost, with nothing and no one welcoming him home, no plans and no future to look forward to, more like his career was waving good bye to him in the rear-view mirror as he saw his hopes and aspirations crumble to ash the very moment the bullet hit his shoulder and tore the flesh and bone inside it apart, preventing him from ever taking up his surgical skills again.
John frowned and tried to remember if this was something he had noticed as well but could not recall having observed any changes in his lover’s physique.
But to be told what to do when larger things were at stake.  No, that was near impossible.
The pain was alternatingly between being tortuous but also strangely comforting as it still was something he could actually feel. The paralysation of his body had already begun, and it was only going to get worse and for some reason it was what frightened him the most.
Magnussen nodded in acknowledgement.
For a second John froze in shock but then he melted into the kiss with ardent fervour as his hands automatically reached out to grab Sherlock’s neck.
He raises the paper cup with Mycroft’s fine whiskey provocatively in a salute before moving it to his mouth, and as expected Mycroft turns in annoyance and leaves.
John gritted his teeth but made no effort to correct him. To do so would imply that Magnussen’s small jabs got to him and he wasn’t going to give the man the pleasure. Besides, it didn’t matter what name Roylott knew him by, John just wanted to get this over and done with.
The room which the man had partly entered was eerily quiet, the view still obscured from John, preventing him from seeing the other two occupants more clearly.
There was the occasional cottage being passed, but this was more rural, very reminiscent of the place where he had himself grown up.
are intruding in it, I won’t tolerate anyone coming here making such accusations about me.”
Mycroft prided himself of usually being able to read people with a single glance and he was seldom wrong. But there were times, even if they were few and far between, that left some people shrouded in ambiguity even for him, and perhaps he had reason to believe that John Watson was one of those who had more to offer than what met the eye.
“Don’t be ridiculous! Why would I be interested in cooperating in whatever it is you believe has happened to your precious flatmate? This isn’t some silly Agatha Christie novel where everyone is a potential murderer in disguise.”
What about Victor Trevor? What about the marriage? What about the drugs? The secrecy and the lies? What about the fact that Victor had threatened him with a loaded gun tonight?
Unaware of Mycroft’s presence and his dark thoughts about him, Pemberton continued his tirade on the other side of the door.
There was another five minutes of silent driving through an allée of majestic oak trees before signs of light presented itself ahead of them in the form of a large manor rising impressively from the otherwise quite unkempt shrubbery surrounding the place.
John didn’t respond to that and Mycroft tried to shoot him a warning look, ordering him to remain quiet, but naturally Magnussen was not as easily silenced.
By Mycroft’s experience, that was a mission impossible and despite his own efforts, he had long ago given up any pretences of trying to accomplish such a result.
He whipped his head in the direction of the door, clearly enraged by the disturbance.
He scolded himself for having been so naïve, for having failed to keep his feelings in check, allowed himself to fall under Sherlock’s spell so thoroughly that he had willingly ignored the potential heartbreak this was going to end in for him.
“Quite frankly you’re not making any sense. There might be something important that you’re trying to tell me, but I can’t for the life of me figure it out as you’re firing out words at rocket-speed. Very incoherently I might add.”
“Have you located him? Is he alright?” John said, trying to come off as passably calm but fooling no one.
That’s really the difference between him and Sherlock.
Today he was glad that he had made that decision as it gave him the freedom to just get out of there more or less unnoticed.
“Who says that I am?” Sherlock calmly replied, crossing his arms over his chest as he leaned against the doorway.
When this is done and over with, if it ever gets to that point, John is going to permanently erase Mycroft Holmes from his life and never set eyes on him ever again.
As he had begun to realise that his  brother wasn’t willing to let go of his dream, Mycroft had at first found it difficult to wrap his head around what a consulting detective actually was and how it was going to bring his brother a successful career instead of causing him to simply loiter about, smoking too many cigarettes while dwelling too deep into the sensationalising news that depicted the most spectacular or brutal crimes with loud headlines.
He knew that there were no new ones on any part of Sherlock’s anatomy as he had seen every centimetre of that gorgeous body up close and would have noticed if there had been any fresh punctuation wounds.
He noticed that the door out to the landing was slightly ajar but there was no light on in the hall outside. He couldn’t remember if he had been the one to leave it like that. It was possible, he had after all fallen asleep while he was supposed to sit up and wait, maybe he had left it open for Sherlock's sake? Or maybe Mrs Hudson had been up to check on him, she did that sometime, despite adamantly claiming that she was only their landlady.
There was a hint of relief in the doctor’s voice that was rather surprising considering the circumstances under which they had parted earlier.
Sherlock followed his gaze to the riding crop and a smile spread across his features.
“...more than a call actually. You see, I’m standing by your gates, hoping that you might let me in.”
Magnussen looked at him with intense scrutiny as if trying to suss out if he was bluffing or not. It was clear that something about John had made him suspicious for some reason. But whatever it was, he didn’t manage to put a finger on it apparently, because after a moment of silent observation he finally nodded.
“I have nothing like that to offer you. Nothing as titillating as what a celebrity or a person of influence could bring to the table.”
“Remember that time when junior got caught breaking into Rudd’s office and the boss came to retrieve him? All I’m saying is that I’m lucky I wasn’t in his shoes when I saw the boss’s face! And if he was spitting back then, imagine what it’s like this time around!”
Disappointed he had to conclude that he had missed his opportunity.
“Oh? No fortune to be had in that line of business?”
“Has he performed a proper examination yet?”
put him in my path by bringing him to your flat, lusting after him like a horny teenager!”
At first there wasn’t a reply, merely continuous gasps of pain, but then a stressed voice came from the dark:
Dr Roylott grunted as he pushed his shoulder forcefully against the door frame one more time, to no success. If he was listening to Magnussen, he wasn’t showing it.
Not willing to press the matter further so as not to spook his emotionally-stumped flatmate, John had tried to reign in his more obvious desires by acting as normal as possible, focusing a bit more on his work to give them both some space, and simply behaving like the friend he, at the end of the day, still was.
Feeling unusually self-pitying in a way that he rarely allowed himself to feel, Mycroft decided to go back to his bedroom and try to get some sleep, ignoring the way the sky was flashing from lightning and the way his stomach nervously fluttered at the thought of the storm raging on outside.
Mycroft had always claimed that he was too impatient, and perhaps he was, even in this situation, preferring his death to come quickly instead of lingering agonisingly slow at the cusp of it.
“It isn’t Mycroft who’s coming.”
“Then what or who is?”
He wasn’t unpleasant looking per se, some people might even call him modestly good-looking with his tall, robust stature and you could tell that he was one of those people that had been handsome in their twenties but who’s features had hardened a bit over the years and created a coarser appearance. But most of all there was something about him that decidedly rubbed John the wrong way, even before he had known who he was standing in front of.
John hesitated, because it was really tempting to say yes and it would certainly be an improvement if he ended up landing that position at the research facility within a couple of months.
The cuffs had been discreetly lined with a soft material to prevent chafing and he had put his body through tougher strains than hanging by the wrists, even if his arms were probably going to feel tender afterwards. He was as ready as he could be.
“And can you corroborate any of this with some proof?”
But the hours came and went without any sign of Sherlock’s return and eventually John reluctantly succumbed to sleep.
“You’re a bit on the downside regarding your weight and the smoking is certainly something I would strongly recommend you quit. But otherwise, as you told me, you seem perfectly healthy according to the limited ways I was able to examine you today. Next time will be more thorough of course but I’m not expecting to find anything unexpected then either. Quite frankly it makes me wonder why your brother insists on you having your own personal physician to check on you twice a week. It seems a bit...... unnecessary.”
“We reserved a seat for you here with your friends, Dr Watson,” Magnussen said and John did as he was told and sat down.
John landed against the desk instead and felt how his hip hit against the hard edge of the table.
“Sorry to have disappointed you. Maybe you should have sent one of your minions to do the job instead, as I have so clearly failed your expectations.”
He had expected some sort of outburst but all he got was a glare and a histrionic sigh.
The mere thought of it sent sudden anger through his body and involuntarily John clenched his fists while staring out into the darkness outside window, tightening his jaw in an effort to hold back the feelings that were threating to boil up to the surface once more.
John rose from his chair and walked over to the sofa and picked the phone up, squinted at the screen, to discern the amount of unanswered calls.
“Too old you say? I’ll show you just how strong and able I can be when I need to. In fact you’ll be feeling it for days, and when you do you’ll regret ever questioning my stamina,” he had growled before twisting Sherlock around so his back was turned against him, spreading his legs while Sherlock invitingly had presented his arse for John to claim.
He will also need to make the obligatory phone call to John Watson to inform him that no news has surfaced today either.
The occupant of the bed was shrouded almost completely in darkness, the lights turned low and his body covered in bed linen and a coverlet, allowing only a very pale face and sweaty curls to be visible.
“And look where it has landed him now. If he dies, I will hold you personally responsible, Mycroft!”
“He never suffered. The shot went straight to the head. He died immediately.”
“Yes, you indeed never seem to be hungry these says. Not that you ever were very interested in food but this is getting downright ridiculous. Makes me wonder what that doctor of yours is doing if he can’t see that your wasting away.”
He closed his eyes and braced himself against another wave of pain, his forehead glistening with sweat, making his curls plaster themselves against his skin and his mouth twisting into a soundless grimace.
“No need to say anything except that you won’t abandon me?”
Resigned to the knowledge that he was going to be monitoring his brother for the rest of his life had long ago cemented itself within him and despite Sherlock positively hating that sort of overwhelming control, Mycroft was glad he had that option available.
An hour before the shift was ending someone tapped him on the shoulder and as he turned his head to see who it was he noticed two men standing behind the glass partition a few stories up, overlooking the site, staring at him, one of them pointing him out to the other.
“Wait! Who’s this from?”
He frowned for a second but then he suddenly recalled those old track marks on the inside of Sherlock’s arms as well as Mycroft’s mention of drugs in Sherlock’s past and realisation hit him like the blow of a sledgehammer.
The thought of Magnussen reminded him of the rollercoaster of feelings he had been through during the course of the evening. They seemed petty in the shadow of this new situation where he wasn’t sure Sherlock would even survive, but eventually, if he did, they would resurface again. And the question was what he was supposed to do about them.
The man turns his gaze over John’s head as if he’s looking for his employer to give him permission to speak, but as that is not an option he turns his eyes back to meet with John’s questioning ones.
“Shame that this apparently backfired, I was really interested in hearing your opinion of it. Are you sure you’re not interested in trying it out? A bit later perhaps?”
“A peck on the cheek? You are deluding yourself, Mycroft. Who settles for that in this day and age? This isn’t the Victorian times anymore, you know. People do more than just get hot and bothered by seeing a naked ankle.”
Magnussen nodded.
When Sherlock returned home in the afternoon, John wasn’t particularly angry anymore, but he still nursed his suspicions.
“Possibly…” John agreed, letting his eyes roam that perfect form he had in front of him one last time before slowly approaching. “Now, if you could keep that pretty mouth of yours shut and allow us make up for the time we lost while being separated, that would be great.”
“I had no idea how important that project was. To me at the time, Mycroft was simply a much older, pompous, boring busybody in a suit with an overblown ego who needed to be brought down a peg or two.”
Sherlock paid not attention to her protestations, actually relieved about her petite and quite fragile appearance. It would have been so tiresome to start this visit by fighting a muscular bodyguard. He would still have done it, but this was far more easy.
“Oh, I’m hardly the only one with that mind set....Sherlock himself is quite...”
“Don’t be absurd!”
Then they were suddenly off and he was left alone in the oppressing silence of the courtyard staring at the door where they had just disappeared.
Had John perhaps put up protestations against Sherlock joining Magnussen for another meeting? It was quite likely.
The point was, whatever sliver of a chance he had been offered to probe deeper into the reason for his brother’s presence was now gone, the door firmly shut and Sherlock about to walk away without any further answers to the many questions that were beginning to mount inside of him. Mycroft cursed his dulled senses, not living up to their usual standard because of the late hour, his abrupt awakening and the storm whipping up in intensity outside.
This clearly annoys Mycroft.
Anyway, too late to redo any of his choices now, it doesn’t really matter anymore.
They locked eyes again, Mycroft daring Magnussen to question him, Magnussen scrutinised him closely, looking for any falseness in the story he was being served.
Reluctantly John could see Mycroft’s point, despite how much he hated the idea of being separated from Sherlock. It had to be done.
“Maybe, I haven’t checked in on him in a while. It’s difficult to time these things, so it might still be possible for him to be alive. But whether or not he is, he isn’t going to make it, I can tell you that straight away. We are going to be in huge trouble if we don’t stop them from finding him.”
“It wasn’t like that. He told me that a few of my omissions…..well,
The remains of the photos of Sherlock that Magnussen had carried in his pocket during the fatal night of his demise had been pocketed by Mycroft at first opportunity and he never breathed a word about them to John, but also decided to not let Sherlock know that he had them either, in the hope that his brother would squirm a little while wondering when and if they would show up.
The silence that followed as he stopped talking was charged with a whole whirlwind of emotions fighting for dominance inside John, as well as a hesitant pause from Sherlock who took a final drag of his cigarette before he put it out against the crate he was sitting on, then turning his eyes to look solemnly at John.
“Well, mostly because I pretty soon began to fear for your safety. You have heard what I have told you about Victor, and about Magnussen, and you have also had the displeasure of actually meeting them. Surely you realise how reckless it would have been of me to drag you into this mess. And now I have gone ahead and done it anyway.”
But if he did, he didn’t intend for John to find out anything about it.
“I’m not....” John began but was cut off by Mycroft raising his hand to prevent him from saying anything more.
Where had Sherlock gone if not to Magnussen? All his actions up to this point would have suggested that Magnussen was the main target and yet, he wasn’t here, and Magnussen clearly had no idea about his whereabouts.
When the silence threatened to actually grow uncomfortable, Mycroft finally spoke.
But he understood that any more delays might actually become a matter of life and death in this situation, so with a last look at the lifeless form, now resting in Mycroft’s firm grip, he saw them disappear into one of the rooms while he went for one of the other ones across the hall, leaving his door slightly ajar so he could hear Dr Roylott or Magnussen approach and make sure to raise enough noise to gain their attention.
buys his clothes, not me,” he heard Sherlock mutter in the background, and John could just picture the sulk on those beautiful lips.
Mycroft had always been prone to slight nausea whenever traveling by air, one of the reasons why he seldom travelled if avoided, and adding these particular circumstance into the mix, he was beginning to feel like this might well be one of the worst nights experienced since Sherlock decided to stop using drugs.
As the trousers fell down to the ankles, Sherlock tried turning around but was immediately pushed back again, facing the wall.
“By you or by him?”
“He is sitting in the car, waiting for us, so please keep your voice down, Dr Watson.”
Seemingly realising that he wasn’t likely to get a different answer no matter how much he tried, Victor decided to attack a different subject instead, clearly still looking for some explanation to how things had gone so terrible wrong in such a short amount of time.
John calmly rose from the sofa and began walking towards the door, in a last effort to force Magnussen to stop playing games.
“Is your brother at home?” he asked as he tried to keep up with Sherlock’s flowing figure.
“I thought I told you about Magnussen before I sent you in his path, but apparently you weren’t listening very carefully. The man works with blackmail. How do you think his gets hold of his information?”
“If you are so unconcerned about Sherlock’s wellbeing, then why are you here? And as far as cooperating with Dr Shreck in there, I have no illusions regarding your motives. You have shown me that you have no scruples when it comes to getting what you want.”
If there is a tone of begging in his voice he isn’t going to admit it, especially when the man looks at him like he can’t believe he is stuck babysitting the victim’s left-over flatmate. But then his professionalism kicks in nonetheless and he nods, opening up the door to let John in.
“I’m not interested in talking about him and he can hardly be of any importance to you anyway. You may ask me questions regarding my health if you want to, as Mycroft will probably expect some sort of knowledge on the issue from you after a while, but beyond that, considering circumstances, I think it might be wise if we treat this for what it is – a good time that can’t last but can be as pleasant as we want it to be, if we are both committed to the terms. If you’re not comfortable with this, you can decide to continue as my doctor and we can keep up the charade of you stopping by to take my pulse a couple of times a week but nothing more. Or we make our own arrangement and enjoy the privileges Mycroft has bestowed on us for the remaining couple of months?”
“A medical exam doesn’t take that long,” Joh murmured as a way of explanation.
John looked blankly at him, while digging through his still hazy memory.
John didn’t reply, not wanting to rise to whatever bait Magnussen was trying to use to get a reaction out of him. He was going to play this out as instructed as far as that was possible.
Mycroft sighed and walked over to the chair his brother used to occupy and sat down heavily in it.
if evidence is to be believed.”
Sherlock had fought their arrangement quite aggressively in the beginning, lashing out at Victor, trying to break him down.
There was that strange combination of delicacy and frailness combined with hauteur and magnificence that was absolutely irresistible. John had always had a thing for posh boys as well as tall, dark and handsome ones and this man was certainly ticking in all of his preferences.
The man was a whining idiot with serious jealousy issues, but other than that he was relatively harmless and with the forgiving trait of actually loving Sherlock very much in his own egotistical sort of way.
“They are working on him right now," Mycroft said. "I’m here in the back, giving them the room required to do their job. I’ll let you know as soon as anything new happens and when my team arrives, they’ll make sure you are taken safely home, and Dr Roylott will be dealt with. I saw some things in those rooms that will put him away for a very long time, if the attempted murder of my brother wouldn’t manage to do the trick. Added with the dealings he had with Magnussen and probably a lot more as well, I’m surprised if he’ll ever see the light of day.”
John shook his head in exasperation but couldn’t help but allow the corners of his lips to tug a little.
Magnussen leaned back in his chair, contemplating this unexpected turn of events.
“Assumingly because pointing a gun at another person in broad daylight would have ended you all kinds of trouble?” John hissed and tried jerking his head out of the firm grip, but to no avail.
He remembered Mycroft’s words right after, when it was all over and nothing but the outlines of body under a sheet remained for them both to look at.
Other guests were also arriving at the same time as he, and a couple was already ringing the doorbell to gain entrance.
And with that he closed the door and left Sherlock behind in the dark, indeed feeling sweat breaking out as his body was beginning to cramp from the pain.
“I thought you said he had an important meeting in London today? That he wouldn’t be back for hours!”
This only managed to infuriate  the doctor even further, actual spittle coming out of his mouth as he spoke.
“...because when you put into perspective Magnussen’s clear obsession with you, as the increasing number of phone calls made to you clearly indicates, and then this new piece of information you give us where he is supposedly now very eager to invite you to his house, it begs the question what it is that you have done to create such a response. And that, little brother, is the reason why John called for me to come here.”
“He wants to meet for lunch by the way. I’m considering accepting his invitation.”
As John did not own a good suit nor could afford to buy one, he decided to put his old army dress uniform on. It was a piece of clothing he felt proud to wear and that he knew made him look distinguished even if it would probably raise a few eyebrows, but as he had nothing else to choose from, the choice was simple.
There was also the alarming fact that Victor had not returned the gun yet.
“Leave the theorizing to me. Your job is merely to give me information, not trying to think.”
Sherlock had the audacity to look affronted by the accusation.
John snorted to himself and shook his head as he impaled another piece of roasted lamb on his fork. Sherlock Holmes being in love with anyone?
Mycroft had never plucked up the courage to ask Sherlock directly about those visits but he had seen some of the marks on his brother’s body afterwards which had caused his stomach to turn and made him silently swear to end that man once and for all one day.
The wife had died in a train accident in Calcutta, the details were a bit hazy on the actual event and after her death there had officially been no one else.
Mycroft looked up from the still open drawer, as if surprised by the question or because John had bothered to ask in the first place. Maybe he was used to people not caring beyond the grand pay check.
It shouldn’t really have surprised him. Magnussen dealt with information, if he wanted to know something, he made sure to get it. And Sherlock was a normal civilian, his number wasn’t classified the way Mycroft’s was for example, the number was even posted on that website Sherlock occasionally decided to dedicate his time to. So it had probably not been too difficult to attain it, even if he found it slightly laughable picturing Magnussen sitting in front of his computer looking at a website that prided itself with a thesis on 243 different types of tobacco ash. Even John, who loved Sherlock dearly, had not made it past the first ten categories.
But beyond that, this operation has come to a satisfying conclusion and Mycroft can turn his focus elsewhere from now on, without having to worry about former army doctors trying to hold any influence over his brother.
But this was hitting far too close to home for comfort and he couldn’t help but feel the twitch of his resolve as it began to crumble, all kinds of murderous thoughts surfacing at the sight of the smirking man in front of him, with his hands on the provocative photos of Mycroft's little brother.
John frowned in confusion.
“Hardly. I don’t pretend to be anything beyond what I present to the world. You have a mask of self-complacency permanently glued to your face. You always say that sentiment is a weakness, so it seems a bit rich to suddenly claim that you actually care about anyone beyond yourself.”
“It’s probably better if you don’t know actually.”
“I bet he did,” and with that the smile was gone from Sherlock’s lips again and John regretted bringing up Mycroft as it clearly was a sensitive subject. In an effort to backtrack he decided to explain himself a little
“Because you saw that I could be most easily deceived by seduction?”
What annoyed him the most was the feeling of worry attempting to seep into his anger, as if he should waste his time worrying about a person who had betrayed him in the most deceitful way possible. Sherlock had bloody
“I don’t worry, I’m merely suspicious about certain aspects of this whole arrangement.”
“They’re in the living room,” he could hear her call out behind his back and he quickly made his way over there, familiar with the rooms by now as he had fucked in all of them except for one. Not even when collapsing did Sherlock apparently opt to do so in his own bedroom.
Since Sherlock had more or less slammed the door in his face, he had not bothered with reaching out to his wayward brother despite the threat of Magnussen still hanging over his head as well as his colleagues.
This caused a slight rise in tone from the other man, clearly angered by the suggestion.
Mycroft frowned in frustrations as he turned his eyes away and speared a Brussel sprout with his fork, angrily jamming it into his mouth.
They reached a door at the end of the hall and without looking at his guest, Magnussen simply opened it and entered.
With his handsome appearance as well as his intelligence and the association to Mycroft, Sherlock would pose an irresistible temptation for Magnussen to get his hands on, especially considering the fact that Mycroft Holmes's younger brother was one of those tantalising little secrets that thrived on a reputation made up by interest and curiosity without anyone knowing what the true fascination actually consisted of.
Sherlock shrugged and finally turned his eyes to actually look at John properly for the first time since arriving.
The wind had increased in intensity and he could feel the chill of it through his jacket but realised that it no longer mattered if it was unbearably cold, if his body shivered or not, that he was likely to catch a cold within a couple of days.
“I have no idea what’s ailing him. I haven’t seen him since Saturday either,” he replied curtly.
He instantly brushed that thought away, finding such an idea too horrible to consider.
“As far as I remember, her namesake died in the end.”
Mycroft was clearly a man of secrecy and John realised that he most likely hadn’t been presented with the full truth of the situation and that was a bit too risky for his taste.
“Was it someone very important? The Prime minister perhaps?” he joked and Stamford gave him a wry smile in return.
“Brother? I’m afraid I don’t see the family resemblance. But I have of course heard of you, Mr Holmes. The
Nothing in his face showed any signs of sentiment, he spoke very factually about it all, but there was nonetheless a tone of something indiscernible when he said those last words, a hint of sadness to them.
“Are you serious? Which one of you is the most paranoid, you or him?”
He could better analyse the risks and benefits of continuing with this if he just had an inkling of what sort of threat, if any, hanged over his head. But alas, he lacked that particular information and had to make a decision based on what he knew, and it was that Magnussen had a temporary weakness that happened to be Mycroft’s brother and such an opportunity was too good to let up.
He could hear someone answer his call just as the unexpected explosion of a gunshot reverberated through the silence and John froze in his place, cold dread running down his spine as the familiar sound hit him with the same impact as if the shot had actually hit his own body and the phone slid out of his hand, softly landing on the thick carpet while the person on the receiving end called out his name.
But considering that Mycroft had mentioned the fiancé on several occasions it seemed like a subject that would have been addressed at least once by Sherlock.
Instead he felt almost tetchy and short-tempered which was unusual for him. Perhaps it would get better once he knew that Sherlock was going to act the part he had been instructed to play.
He wondered if he should somehow force Sherlock to see the impact of his thoughtless actions more firmly. As children their father had been quite keen on using a cane when wishing to make his point come across effectively, but Mycroft had never been particularly keen on straining himself with physical exertion. Besides, his own canes were too expensive to use on such a menial task as to reprimand his brother who would no doubt fail to learn his lesson anyway.
This was not a romance after all, but a purely sexual arrangement and those did not include any activities outside of the bedroom.
“So don’t even consider indulging in something extra just for the sake of effect. A little bit of poor lighting, perhaps some make up and your own acting skills should suffice this time.”
He is about to close the door once more when John takes a step forward, his hand up in a preventive gesture.
His brother’s lips came close to Mycroft’s ear, his breath ghosting against the skin in a way that made the hairs on his neck stand up, as his brother whispered:
Inside it was a single photograph.
And so far, John was in agreement, however reluctantly.
“I don’t know, I woke up from the sound of it arriving. But I guess it must have been the older brother. Possibly his P.A, she was there when I came down. She is usually around when things happen. She was also at the house that time when Dr Watson walked out in the middle of the night, don’t know how she always manages to be around, I have never seen her occupying one of the guest rooms and she certainly isn’t sleeping in the same bed as her employer....”
Meanwhile, the fingers did their own journey upwards instead, across the exposed back, first down to the lining of his trousers and the up again all the way to the neck, burying themselves in the curls that lingered there.
It felt like the need to ask for permission to perform whatever examination he could manage without instruments was a bit redundant, it was like they were already pretty comfortable around each other for some reason, so instead of asking he simply reached out and grabbed one of the slender wrists to check his pulse.
From what he could gather no one was willing to yield though and he cast a curious glance at the man with the briefcase, wondering who he actually was and why he made Sherlock so uncomfortable.
, he reprimanded his own inner self and then clapped Stamford lightly on the shoulder.
“No education?” he asked, while his eyes kept wandering all over Sherlock's well-dressed body that did nothing to hide his slim waist and long legs.
“I thought I told you yesterday that I am the one in charge of this operation now. There was no need for you to come stomping all the way over here just because John couldn’t reach me for a few hours. That situation is hardly a novelty.”
“So it would seem. Unless you are in the habit of sleeping like a new-born while my brother is nowhere to be found.”
Mycroft in general went to functions alone, whenever he bothered to go at all, and never before had he brought his brother along. So, the fact that he had done so tonight was worthy of much speculation.
But after the deteriorating moods Victor seemed to suffer from as of late, even Mycroft felt like he had reached the end of his tether after almost a full day in the man’s company.
“Mmm,” Mycroft agreed. “But remember that you brought this upon yourself, Sherlock, so it’s not an option to back away from it now.”
This accusation caused John to raise his voice for a second.
This man was a cold-blooded killer, far worse than any of the animals he kept, and he had managed to fly under the radar with his deeds for who knew how long.
Sherlock’s tongue glided along the underside of his shaft while John pushed his head up and down by the grip of his hair, staring into the young man’s beautiful features as he sucked his cock with eager movements.
People like Jeremy Marcus.....
His eyes suddenly glimmered as a thought hit him and Mycroft felt the urgent need to supress an eye-roll as he could practically feel the direction Victor’s thoughts were going now.
The barrack housed twenty men of different ages and backgrounds but despite the seemingly limited space they all had a small area to call their own and John had not felt as at home as he did now, since he had returned from Afghanistan.
The room was beginning to get a nice buzz to it after the added intake of alcohol in his bloodstream, the room appearing much more pleasant in the soft light and across from him Sherlock’s large sombre eyes simmered like dark pools in that pale face with the flushed cheeks appearing even more glowing every time he looked at him.
This was far better.
As he passed him on the way out the door Mycroft could feel a familiar scent hitting his nostrils and involuntarily they flared before he was able to tamper the impulse down.
“I must admit that I didn’t think you would be able to pull it off. Too many unknown factors to take into consideration, the doctor’s temper certainly being one of those unpredictable elements. You should have seen him in the car the other day, he was positively spitting with venom towards me.”
Mycroft quickly decided to intervene by stepping up between the two men, his hands raised in a placating manner.
Sherlock had stopped walking now and was once again facing the black surface of the lake where a lonely mallard was swimming, occasionally dipping its head beneath the surface, searching for something edible.
What sort of trickery was this?
And then he stalks off, leaving John staring at his retreating back before he jumps into action himself and heads up to his own bedroom to get dressed and retrieve whatever he deems necessary to take with him in the hunt of a person he as of yet has no clue what to expect from.
As they waited for the Narcan to arrive he asked Mycroft to see if there might be a bowl or something for Sherlock to use when and if he finally was hit with the effect of the antidote and would feel the urgent need to vomit.
Another kiss, then a soft caress of a cold pale cheek before another thought hit him.
It had been difficult to come up with a plausible explanation for why Sherlock had possibly gone off in a car sent by a guest he had only met very briefly at Magnussen’s flat, but apparently Magnussen wasn’t as puzzled by this as Mycroft had first assumed.
“Before you feel inclined to mention patient confidentiality I can assure you that I have a document that allows me the legal right to take part in the care of my brother’s health, so there is no need to feel unsure of what you may or may not discuss with me when it comes to him. Nothing, and I mean nothing, is off limits.”
“It wasn’t a complete waste of time, I needed him to break his ties with me and as he isn’t a very good actor, this was by far the preferable option. I couldn’t have asked for a better scene than him storming out of here in real anger instead of putting up some stale performance later on to convince people of our newly developed animosity. I think it was quite worth the small effort I had to make, in order for that result to be achieved.
Magnussen tilted his head slightly when looking at him, regarding him through his glasses as if looking at something infinitely peculiar.
John was too far off to hear what they were saying but he wasn’t too far off to see the way Magnussen gave Sherlock an very appreciative look. In fact, the man’s eyes rarely left the younger man after having fixated on him in the first place.
A quick call to the man in charge of surveillance told him that Sherlock wasn’t at home, but the doctor was and that suited Mycroft just fine. A talk with him, just the two of them, was bound to give more results than watching his brother trying to pull wool over his eyes with smokescreens and lies.
The very limited option of the written word lacked the very useful element of tone of voice and other ways of expressing more distinctly what he wanted to say. For people like Sherlock and Mycroft there was too much room for misinterpretations if you went even an inch beyond a mere factual message. So even if he had wanted to say something additional to calm his brother’s ruffled feathers, it was better if he didn’t do it with a text.
eccentric and has a bad temper I’m afraid. If thoroughly crossed he could get volatile, I suppose. I think it depends on what your brother is planning to do with him.”
Sherlock had already figured this out but it still made his stomach churn uncomfortably when hearing it spoken out loud.
John stared at him, numb for words, his head about to burst from all the information he had just received, emotions running rampant inside of him, not all of them good, but some of them surprisingly conflicted  between disbelief and a sense of joyous light-headedness.
However, there is no footage of him from any areas close to the riverbanks and that would have been difficult to avoid even for someone with Sherlock’s expertise, so chances are that he was taken fairly early during the evening. But considering Sherlock’s changeability it cannot be ruled out that he didn’t head straight to the riverbanks or that he simply changed his mind and went somewhere else instead.
“You don’t get it, they
As the evening cam, he went to the lake for a swim to clear his head.
“Yes, how selfish of me to not think of others while suffering an overdose. I’ll try to be more considerate the next time.”
He took the remaining steps into the room until he was standing close enough to reach out and touch if he wanted to.
So the way he figured it, he had two options here.
Stamford no longer worked in medicine but unlike John, his career had developed into a new direction and he now employed a position in a research facility owned by the government that involved some very classified projects run by a man named Mycroft Holmes – a person so obscure that there was no telling what he actually did for a living.
John froze for a second, one leg hallway through his trousers as he cast a bewildered look at Sherlock who had now turned very pale.
Sherlock.
He could imagine just what sort of image he was projecting right now and if he had made the right calculation this was exactly the sort of allure needed to hook Magnussen more firmly to the bait. Everything else up to this moment had been normal interaction with a hint of flirtation, more pure and proper than anything else. Now Sherlock was showing him the promise of another side.
John didn’t know such a thing could even be possible but if Mycroft was actually impressed by this man prior to the unfolding of recent events, it says something about the level Marcus is operating on. Mycroft is normally never impressed by anyone.
“What purpose will a refusal serve? We need to keep looking for that vault of his. You can hardly do that if not continuing to be in his company, however unpleasant I understand it to be, having barely made it past a casual encounter with the man myself.”
Another pause, and then more quietly.
Sherlock tried to calm him down by grabbing his arms as he spoke, doing his best to prevent John from going completely off the rails now that the most damning part of the revelation was out in the open.
But if the boy was stubborn enough to hold a grudge over something as silly as the argument from this morning, there was nothing else to do but turn to such actions. This business with Magnussen still hanged heavily over Mycroft’s head and it needed to come to a resolution. For that, he unfortunately  needed Sherlock to help him out.
He looked closely at the angle of the photo, trying to discern from where it could have been taken and where a hidden camera might have been placed despite his very thorough efforts.
“I think someone made sure I got my fair share of sedatives anyway,” John grumbled but Mycroft remained unphased by the thinly veiled accusation.
? I am certainly not in the habit of carrying it around with me in my medical bag.”
Because from that lingering finger close to the radius point to suddenly being placed more modestly higher up on the ulna is trying to tell John something while his mind can’t manage to wrap itself around what exactly it is that he is seeing.
He wasn’t going to flee.
Hopefully he would feel better about all of this after that meeting and not have the nagging feeling at the back of his head that they were all walking steadily towards a terrible disaster.
“....has...done something well beyond duty...,” he tried, and he could see the glimmer of Magnussen’s teeth as his lips parted in a lecherous grin.
This had all been a huge pointless mistake and he wasn’t fully convinced that Magnussen wasn’t behind it all, playing a trick on them, sending him and Mycroft into the completely wrong direction while he had Sherlock stashed away somewhere else, awaiting his return.
