“Guess who’s not getting another portion when they realise my food is delicious?” Greg sang, sipping from his mug as he and Sherlock stared at each other. However, during the staring contest Greg took a bigger slurp than he’d anticipated and started choking, breaking the contact while his lungs wheezed to cleanse themselves of caffeine. “Fuck’s sake. Disgusting.”
“Redbeard is sleeping off the walk,” Sherlock said, coming closer to the furry cadaver of Greg’s tormented imagination. “What on Earth are you doing? This isn’t even Darwinism anymore. It’s just abhorrent.”
“Tell that to my mom who freaked out when my hair turned red,” John giggled, remembering the day. He had gotten angry at his sister Harry for stealing his book on ocean life, and suddenly boom, there’s two wizards in the family. “But yeah, it makes sense. Jesus, I’m exhausted.”
“Back off!” he told her sternly, recognising the otherworldly power in his voice. He reached for his knife made of a demon’s horn, a special item he got at the black market, and displayed it openly for the hound to see. She growled, taking a hesitant step back, but she wouldn’t yield.
She rushed to where Sherlock was, which was at the table while John crafted sandwiches for breakfast for them. Sherlock loomed over a crossword, cursing whatever ‘illiterate idiot’ designed it. John greeted Irene, smiling at Sherlock over his shoulder. He did the same when John turned around. Besotted twats.
“Molly likes football? I’m confused -- are we talking American football or soccer?”
He treaded carefully to the uppermost storey, turning the knob on the door with utmost care as he peered inside. As expected, the girl was tucked under a thin brown blanket with a triangular pattern on it, face peaceful and unbothered. Good. Cas returned to the floor below and knocked on Dean’s door. The man opened it seconds later, wide awake but changed into a pair of pyjamas.
A square hand waved in front of his eyes that absentmindedly gazed in the direction of the teachers’ tables. Today, Rubeus Hagrid didn’t come to the Great Hall. “What do you want?” Sherlock snapped, blinking the movement away.
John nodded, understanding his struggle. Sherlock was a handful, and he’s only known him for a year. But hell, he wouldn’t trade his crazily brilliant friend for anything. “I’ll go and check on him. Thank you for… trusting me, I guess.”
It took most of the day to sort out.
Peeves the Poltergeist swept down the ceiling of the corridor, mischievously giggling to himself. He was the second most insufferable being in Hogwarts right after Filch and he liked to make his and the students' lives miserable. Mrs. Norris hissed and bent her back when she saw Peeves floating above her.
Sherlock cracked his knuckles, then steepled cold fingers under his chin as he nodded at the wall. He listened for a while in case a Prefect or Snape came back, but nothing roused his suspicion. “First, the illusion in the floor led to a cave of sorts. That much was obvious, and you saw a platform underneath, which means it must’ve been used at some point in Hogwarts history. The question is where and what it leads to.”
“I don’t know, I just kicked the pedestal and it happened!”
“Wasn’t there supposed there be, like, a celebration today?” John asked, finishing his breakfast. He stood up and put the plate into the sink. Greg can wash it. “Something like the Founder’s Day?”
anthea, play the windows vista shutting sound effect
“John, stop being a stereotypical Canadian and go help Lestrade,” Sherlock rolled his eyes, nudging him towards the house.
“Hi Blake! Have I heard my name?” the voice of Cho Chang, Cedric’s and his friend from Ravenclaw, sounded cheerily in the damp air. Blake huffed as she pulled him into a bear hug, patting him softly on both arms. She was in her Sixth Year at Hogwarts, one year below theirs.
Outside on the street, Mary crossed the road and took a pen out from her purse. Greg’s car stayed where he parked it, not having left the shop yet. Mary stood guard in front of it, asking passersby if they’d sign her petition to save local beavers. A few passed, shaking their heads as they hurried elsewhere, but a couple stopped by and happily obliged her.
"Yeah," Harry said, startling John as he creeped closer to him inconspicuously.
The boy seemed surprised by the offer, if not taken aback. Uhm…. Too much? It’s what Blake’s aunt told him works on people. Give them a shoulder to cry on? Okay, crying may not be suitable here, but still. Having someone to talk to helps, he knew as much.
episode 3, chapter 5
John vigorously shook his head. “No! Don’t you dare! And besides, I think he’d be onto you even before you’d say anything. If I’ll need help… I’ll come to you again.”
a bother,” John insisted. “And we have plenty of rooms in the house you can take. I’ll talk to my uncle, he’ll be fine with it as long as you don’t set fire to the house.”
“And you’re still talking to us!”
“I’m terribly sorry, but I’m afraid Belle and Tiana found their animal counterparts already. I’m no Disney Princess.”
"What d'you mean my accent-"
"Absolute, utter dickhead," John muttered angrily, emptying the mug of coffee and washing it with water before putting it away. "You could’ve just said it’s midnight, done. But no, you scare me into thinking I might become your next lab rat."
“Ah, nevermind. Thought I’d drop by for a bit, it’s been a while. How are you guys doing?”
“What does ‘immovable mean?” Irene asked, yawning.
Kate regarded Irene, curiosity hitching up her perfectly trimmed eyebrows. “Damn, gurl.”
“Might have,” John nitpicked, winking at him. Sherlock felt himself blush.
Bliss.
He continued naming the different kinds, while Irene absentmindedly petted Jake. She respected his wish for privacy, but it would be easier to visit if she didn’t have to sneak around Sherlock so much. His Majesty and his deduction skills were on high alert nowadays, reinforced by John’s obvious fawning over it. Which was good, but inconvenient. Eh, she’ll manage for Jake’s sake. Until he decides he wants to reveal himself to Sherlock and John, she will respect it.
“Were de-aging,” Sherlock sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose.
He laughed even harder when he saw Sherlock scowling in the armchair. It’s hard to take the detective seriously when he’s pouting while folded so economically in such small space. Sherlock decided enough is enough, swung his legs over and planted them firmly on the wooden floor. John rolled his eyes but restrained from protesting when Sherlock peered over his shoulder to inspect his portrait.
John gave him a shrug. “We’ll be together. I mean, we can sell all the available tickets and then bugger off and do our thing, no?” He looked to Kate to confirm.
? Seducing John just like that at a square during some derogatory town holiday,
“That’s enough, you two,” Freddie said, snapping his fingers and restraining everyone tighter. “Tell me, why did you decide to come and disturb me at my home?”
Irene opened her mouth to speak, somehow try to reassure Mike and console him, but a woman’s voice interrupted her.
“And that’s exactly why you would want to devalue the class, isn’t it,” Sherlock said. It was a firm statement. “Plus get some money aside, I presume. It would come in handy, right?”
“Great, cool,” Greg grunted. He buttoned up his suit jacket and patted down his hair in the reflection on the window behind the cash register. “I am giving another tour and Mrs Hudson is repairing the bathroom pipes up in the house. Mop up the leaks, will you?”
Sam’s voice lowered, and he shot a fleeting room towards the living room. Sherlock gave him a nod, scooping up the chopped tiny leaves and dusting the tea with it, stirring the pot. “Regarding Castiel, I assume?”
He wondered how much money they would have made by the time he and Hudders returned. Maybe John would like to take over one day? They’ll see. First of all he has to sort out his university confusion. John had confided in Greg years prior that he wasn’t sure whether medicine was the right choice for him, after a very hard day to say the least that had left the boy drained and exhausted. Greg didn’t want to push his opinions on his nephew and tried to give him objective guidance, but the two haven’t spoken of it since. It became all the more entangled after March.
John was usually well versed in social cues, and if his senses didn’t mistake him, an excited prickle ran down his spine at the thought of Sherlock reciprocating his feelings. Where there’s will, there’s a way, and John was positive that if they put their mind to it, they could make a long-distance relationship work if they ever separated after Toronto. And also, they could spend the next summer here in Oregon too.
“There were the initials ‘RF’ under it. Later I googled records of the town and the name was there, plus her date of birth, and no date of death. However, no place of residence was listed. And that’s as far as I was able to research.”
Kate gave him her beauty mirror and Greg adjusted it so that he could see where to apply the lip gloss. Irene came back then, carrying three cucumbers and a white blossoming flower of unknown origin.
“Rubeus Hagrid,” Greg said. John didn’t really recognise that name. Could be anyone-
“My vessel,” he explained. “Angels need permission to inhabit a human body, and Jimmy Novak was a devotee of God and allowed me to use him as a vessel. Normally they are with you, but… I can’t feel him. He’s gone.”
The only chats on display were the ones with Greg, Mrs Hudson (if she needed help understanding internet slang or memes), Kate, the Queen Group (new name since Freddie’s addition to the group chat), and then Sam Winchester. He usually deleted the chats over time so as not to clutter the space; a habit he got when his mother started spamming him during her dazed stupors. Out of sight, out of mind.
’. “If anything, we can have a good laugh. I don’t know her, but your implications point to her being a little cray-cray.”
“Right? They’re impossible. I tried talking sense to Sherlock but he wouldn’t hear of it. But I know what I see, and they’re both in trouble.”
“Red, c’mon, come here,” John tsked at the puppy. Sherlock watched him out of the corner of his eye. John was lying on his stomach and Redbeard was sniffing the pile of nail polishes. “Can you bring me these?”
“Done?” Donovan asked, lips quirking upwards. Her chair squeaked as she leaned back, putting her feet up. While Sherlock made his way through the files, she finished her paperwork and filed in his observations. “I must admit, this is impressive.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Greyback laughed again. "Really, I would have your throats ripped out but I guess I'll do it later. Well, boys, that is all. I'll see you before or during the full moon."
make it easy. And then…
“I can go tell Mary to fuck off,” Irene suggested airily, kicking Sherlock in the ankle. He frowned, half terrified of where this may lead to. “Listen, John. My boy.” She sat down on a free chair, arms resting on the backrest. John shot a questioning look to Sherlock who shrugged, helpless himself. Who knows what this crazy woman has up her sleeves anymore. Irene pointed at the blond accusingly, poking him in the pecs. “You and your big, soft heart are two pairs of a whole idiot. We know you have no feelings spare towards your ex, so much is obvious, as Sherlock would say. But your being soft won’t help you in situations like these. BE. MORE.
“It is you!” the racoon purred, his snout sniffing at them through the bush branches. She held her breath as his own mingled with the air they inhaled. He dumpster dived, ew. “What are you doing here?”
“Trust me, we will,” Sam said, nudging Dean’s foot with his.
“I’m not scared of lizards.”
“- and it got lonely. Until a few days ago.”
. Quick and effective.
“Ah, I see,” Irene purred, setting her comb aside. “So, how’s John?”
Not even two steps in a pillow hit him in the face. “Hey! What’s that for?”
"I promised them we would help, I'm doing my job, John, do keep up," Sherlock said, looking back at his companion. "I mean it, you're quite slow today. Hungry? I know a good place not far from here."
“Oh, the usual,” she replied matter-of-factly. “Hunting, shooting, baking, canoeing, climbing, cooking, skinning animals efficiently, and knitting. Just the normal domestic work.”
,” Malfoy said, grinning at him like the snake he was. “Like these? They sold out this morning. Look at what else they can do!” He tapped the badge with his forefinger and a new message came to display:
He watched as his reflection -- or was he the reflection now? -- dusted off his purple shirt and trousers, smoothing out its hair. The expression Sherlock got was evil, wicked, and a tad pitiful.
“It’s only fair.”
Sherlock wiped his eyes with the back of his hand, took a deep breath, and braced himself for the inevitable downfall. But next to John stood a man, a familiar man -- short, plump, a warm smile on his face, black rimmed squarish glasses sitting on his nose, and a brown coat. Mike Stamford chatted John up, and the two laughed at something Sherlock didn’t catch; he was too busy running towards them and -- Rosie, who sat in Stamford’s arms, awake and safe and unharmed.
Their father chuckled again. “We know that. But since Slytherin was outvoted on this front, he decided to retaliate against the rest of the founders by creating a secret chamber. It is said he put a monster in there…”
“Why worry, Greg?” Mrs Hudson chimed in, being her usual happy self. She pinched his cheek and Lestrade drew away, scolding her that he wasn’t a kid, which she laughed off. “Listen, I haven’t had the chance to knit these past few months, nor to crochet. I could make a new doll!”
Later that night, he had stood in front of John, thanking him for the care. It was awkward. He didn’t know whether he should have said something else besides a plain ‘thank you’, embarrassedly standing in the hallway. However, John took mercy on him and gave him
“Take a deep breath for me?” he said, watching Sherlock’s rib cage expand and deflate. Nothing seemed particularly out of place. “On a scale of one to ten, how much does it hurt?”
“Actually, it might work. They do communicate by dancing.”
Once the boys devoured most of their dinner, they resumed watching trash telly the moment Doctor Who ended. Greg and Sherlock fought over the rights to hold the remote and switch channels until John stepped in and declared himself the Supreme Remote Ruler and flipped the channels depending on the ‘ohs’ and ‘ahs’ his friend's let out when something caught their attention. Which was, frankly, everything. And this was just the beginning of their five day sleepover.
“I grew up, Sherlock,” John deadpanned, hands in pockets. Greg besides him bit on his lip to prevent himself from laughing. Sherlock took the loss of upper hand in growth quite badly.
gave Mr Shepherd a tragic backstory. So if Cas wants to, he can come up with one. The reins are free, Cas.”
John frowned, biting on the inside of his cheek. “Uh… You know what? It’s like, a day and a half until they get here. Greg and Mrs Hudson will likely be gone by the time they arrive, so there’s no need to drag them into this yet. If they find their aunt, maybe they’ll choose to stay with her, but if not, well, Greg won’t mind. He’ll be exasperated for two minutes and then call Angelo to double on the food orders.”
Sherlock exhaled through his mouth, slumping to the right so that he could lean into John, but instead of colliding with a squishy, yet muscular bicep, Sherlock fell sideways onto the mattress. He squinted where John’s gone off to, which was to close the attic door and then investigate the accidental mess the tennis ball had caused. Sherlock rolled onto his back, pushing himself forward on the bed, arching his neck so that he could watch John upside-down. Said Canadian inspected the red stains on the wall, then went to see where the ball skedaddled off to.
too much than should be legal to show, and stormed out in what Greg guessed was supposed to be a dramatic fashion. It didn’t work. Anderson bumped into the doorframe on his way out, cursing under his breath.
“Sure, play the humble card now,” Irene rolled her eyes and turned around.
Even though the lights were off and the rest of the boys went to sleep, John sat up and opened his trunk trying to find his wand. They bought it at Diagon Alley two weeks ago, but he was told he can't do magic outside of the school grounds, so he had to put it away to avoid accidents. Mr. Ollivander, the shopkeeper, was a very kind man, though a little odd, but he helped John find the right wand for him. Or, as he put it, the wand chose him, which seemed plausible seeing as there was magic everywhere.
“You really are worried about him,” John stated, biting his lip.
“Yes, and I’m thankful for that. I really am. But…. I made a promise to leave them out of it.”
“Is that a yes?” Greg asked, a humorous tone in his voice to lighten up the atmosphere. John’s embrace tightened around Greg’s shoulders; he couldn’t bring himself to speak yet, not without having his voice break or crack. “It’s alright, John. I mean it.”
he agreed on a compromise. Castle gets built first, then they dig underneath to construct the dungeon. Redbeard served as their moral support throughout, and Grace joined them shortly thereafter.
“I’m not sure that’s a good idea,” Sherlock said, crossing his arms over his chest, shoulders slumping forward. “I’m not exactly an extrovert.”
Eh, I feel better than yesterday for sure at least so no worries
And with that and the exams behind them, they all passed their First Year at Hogwarts, the unravelled mysteries waiting for next year to come.
Then, a violent tug as the rope got stuck made her swing forward, rocking her from side to side. “Whoa! I could use some help here!” Irene said, the panic in her voice obvious. Thank God Sherlock wasn’t here to see this.
“Plus this dude Alex Hirsch who talked to beavers that have an ongoing war with the squirrel mafia. And there’s this junkie deer….”
John leaned in to kiss Sherlock, and for a few minutes they did just that. Enjoyed each other’s company, and lips. Sherlock loved it. If you told him at the beginning of July that he’d end up making out with a hot Canadian who’s the nephew of Oregon’s biggest conman, he’d laugh in your face and add a free deduction to the mix, on the house. But at this moment, he was the happiest person alive.
This is fine. It’s natural. Normal. Deep breaths, that’s what he needs.
He nodded at the TV where Dean got up in the face of the camera, raging, poking the screen and yelling at Gabriel to zap it. Sam was in the background facepalming and wearing a t-shirt sporting a logo of some medicine for genital herpes. Cas had his angel blade out and ready to throw hands (or grace?).
Word count: 3576
“You did?”
“Hey, be nice. I named him Archie. And he’s yours.”
“I tried my best. Sherlock has a tendency to underestimate himself and is sometimes too blind a twat to see the
Once sure his appearance was tip-top, Sherlock and Irene returned downstairs where Kate and Mrs Hudson got the DJ setup ready and working. Lestrade was smoking outside, and John helped himself to iced lemonade by the buffet. Sherlock scanned him head to toes; he was wearing jeans with an unbuttoned light blue shirt, white tank top underneath, freshly ironed. His usual bird nest of hair was tamed by hair gel, its use careful and not excessive.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Harry, are you even listening to me?” Hermione’s voice dragged him out of his reverie. Soon they’ll be near the class.
so fidgety. And something told him he knew what was going on. The helpless, cute look he gave to Sherlock betrayed him enough, in fact.
“Unfair,” Sherlock glared, reluctantly letting John to hug him from behind. Back pressed to chest, and John rested his chin atop Sherlock’s right shoulder. Both of them bathed in the warm, enveloping sun rays that shone orange and yellow tones on their skins. John’s indeed tanned already, he tends to tan in the first two weeks of July. Sherlock’s complexion was much more delicate, though, and he had to put on sunscreen frequently. “I have yet to discover some bodily weakness of yours.”
“Roger that! Let’s go, Sherlock. You’ll win John a teddy bear or something.”
Panic surged through him. He swallowed, realising how close he was to John. He had his back pressed to him.
“How did you know?” Cas asked, awkwardly depositing himself on the mattress, propping himself on his arm, as though unsure whether he was allowed to.
“Oh, please,” she waved a hand. “This isn’t about John….
“It’s not about keeping scores, but yes. I’d like a hug.”
he mouthed to himself. “What do you --”
“Mhm,” John purred, wriggling on the bed to fit better into Sherlock’s embrace. “How come you’re up? Irene’s definitely going to sleep until nine.”
“We can't do magic outside of Hogwarts, Mrs. Watson,” Greg explained, taking the cup with pink soda and sipping it with a crease between his eyebrows, not wanting to insult his host. John watched him with anticipation at how he would react to a muggle drink. “OH MY GOD. WHAT IS THIS?”
words: 3824
“Is it that catastrophic?” Cas asked, checking out his white shirt that was glistening with red splotches here and there. “I like the look of it. It’s unusual. Sparkly.”
“Thank you all!” Janine said, snatching the microphone from Kate, who looked
See you on Thursday~
“Don’t you get it?” Sherlock said, excitement making his limbs vibrate with energy.
Sam’s spine straightened, eyes widening. Oh shit. This was
started to like him more. Just a tiny bit. “Alright, we’ll pack it right away. I’ve had enough of those bitches fucking with my family for one day, let’s go. I know what we’ll do.”
“Dear me, is all that really necessary?” Mrs Hudson nodded at Kate’s gear and tools.
Into battle!
“Correct, but this is for discovery! Come on, John, we have work to do.”
“Really? You and Irene?”
“Yes!” the girl yelled loudly. She started jumping up and down in excitement, taking Cas’ hand to lead him to where the fabled ice cream stand was. Sam snickered, taking Irene’s free hands as he prompted Cas to raise her at the same time and swing her forward. Irene loved it, screaming, ‘WHEEEEEEE!’ each time they swung her. Dean shook his head, smiling fondly to himself.
Agra is back in town, fabulous as ever! She -- or rather, Mary -- sends John an invitation, but two years after they broke up? Irene is suspicious. Sherlock is insecure. John is a bisexual disaster.
’ and Sherlock pouted his lips and nodded lightly, ‘
“Mike,” John groaned, facepalming. There goes his secret mission. Jesus, he’d make a miserable spy. Not that Mike was malicious to go and spread the word, but still! At least he didn’t go out with the group as much to have a constant reminder. “What do you mean you’d have to be blind to see it?”
“All angels have their true forms -- though only a select few people are able to see them. If I were to show you
“Where does he perform?”
“Good for her I guess. Sorry, I know it’s none of my business,” John said, rubbing the backside of his neck. “I just heard your raised voices, that’s all.”
“What makes you think there’s anything wrong?” Sherlock said quietly, blinking innocently at John. He had no desire to revisit the events prior to the delicious hot chocolate across that hellish mall.
“No, these are quite obviously near bodies of water, and I don’t see a lake near the Shack. And
“I don’t. I grew up surrounded by animals, I have a soft spot for them.”
He stood at the edge of his bed, trunk packed and full of his school robes and books he would leave to Sherlock, if he were ever interested in looking at his personal notes.
“Thanks. How was the pit?”
“Hey, I’m just saying that STIs, are --”
The two girls blinked in surprise, then broke into exclamations.
“Just… Merlin’s pants, I hate cupboards.” A snort made him look up. Blake arched an eyebrow, finally feeling better. “What? There’s this wicked reporter from the
Sherlock didn’t follow through on his promise just yet, but John made sure to remind him soon enough. Plus, he sensed that Sherlock sort-of-not-really-but-yes hinted that he may like another batch of his mom’s cookies. Why that git just didn’t ask was beyond him, but he was probably just shy. Well, Sherlock could be socially awkward, hell, he
“Hm, yeah. He looks a little lost to me.”
. The Club gave me a pass, an opportunity, and you have no say in it. You also pleaded for a favour, so shut up, Moran. Have an awful day and fuck off, I’ll pick you up later.”
But before the two could talk more, Madam Hooch arrived and the lesson started.
he can just snog John in his room. Silly, of course he will.
“Obviously it’s related to the case, and more concretely to Greyback,” Sherlock said, putting the food up. He was silent for a moment that they ate. “We’ll get him, John. For all the wicked things he’d done, I promise. And we’ll take down the others, too. We’ll help Harry put an end to this.”
John squatted in the grass of the vast colourful fields, lips pouting to make kissy noises at Redbeard who was currently running around like a blaze, ears flopping behind like flags, pink tongue out to taste the evoked breeze. Redbeard trailed past John to where Sherlock was standing, then to Grace who was sniffing a suspicious molehill, the dirt damp and freshly mounted.
“We’re in!”
person.)
“I’m figuring it out,” the Doctor said. Then he turned his attention back to Sherlock and Irene. Sherlock’s look was calculating, undoubtedly assessing the duo in front of them. “You don’t seem too weirded out.”
Take care and please accept my virtual hugs,
“Afraid of what?”
. He basically erased all Sherlock’s progress to freedom. John flung a leg over Sherlock’s left thigh and kissed the underside of his jaw.
“Two-thirty,” was the reply, and John gave him three Nazca coins, not wanting to spend another second there in case the man tried to sell him another product of his. John said his thanks and pocketed the tiny gem into an inner pocket of his jacket. He wore it nearly always, except for when it had to be washed.
special thanks to bee, dee, and pizza that I'll have for lunch in 30 minutes (posted at 11:35am)
"I dunno, I just feel… somehow watched at times, it gets really bad at night," he said in a whisper, his lips barely moving - John had to get closer to hear him properly.
Sherlock stirred and raised his head off John’s shoulder. He bit his lower lip and then puckered them, trying to mask his nervousness. He picked up on John’s contemplation and probably took it as a no, so John hurried to amend.
He denied it, naturally. But after they searched his stuff, they found all items that have gone missing in the last month. From what John had heard, Anderson still denied it, saying he had no clue how the ingredients got under his bed and that he never got near the cupboard in the first place.
“Well…” Cho started, crossing arms across her chest to stop the shivers. Cedric offered her the rest of the hot chocolate, but she refused with a warm smile of her own which he reciprocated. “Slytherin and Gryffindor don’t get along in general. And well, Harry has this rivalry going on with this other boy - Draco Malfoy? Padma Patil has her sister Parvati in Gryffindor, so she could tell you more about that. But the tension gets worse before Quidditch matches for sure.”
He threw both the boxers and the shorts in the clothes basket for when they’ll be taken for a wash and then unlocked the door, securing the towel around his hips. John peered out, thinking himself silly for acting like a paranoid celebrity about to do something embarrassing in front of the paparazzi, but thankfully the corridor was empty and devoid of any signs of life, save for that weird plant Greg kept in front of his office. He tiptoed back to his room and closed the door behind him, darting for his dresser to fish out new boxers. Damnit, he was down to two pairs (well, one since he took half of the stock now). He needs to do his laundry. Or nag Greg to do it. Yep, nagging Greg it is.
His mouth hung open for a millisecond. She had a point. A very alluring point, but one that could turn dangerous at a moment’s notice. No, Sam had to say no to this. Caution first, questions later.
? A new episode is airing in fifteen minutes!”
’) and that they’ll probably arrive to Oregon in two days.
Sherlock fell into a stroll next to him, grunting a non committal response. John noticed the duffel bag he carried over his shoulder, and he was sweaty and dishevelled. As far as John assessed him, he had no injuries. “Sherlock?”
John saw sparks and fireworks behind his closed eyelids. He had longed for this, wanted this since he laid his eyes on this madman. And it didn’t disappoint in the slightest. He gently opened his mouth, Sherlock mirroring his movements tenderly and chastily. John stood on his toes, leaning into Sherlock whose fingers found their way into John’s damp hair, caressing his scalp.
in which there is mur-dur
At quarter past seven, the doorbell rang. John grabbed the forty pounds his Mum left him to pay for the pizzas and ventured to the hallway, leaving Greg and Sherlock plastered to the TV. The gits sat glued to the couch, eyes wide with wonder at the moving images and sounds that accompanied them. Currently they were watching Doctor Who, the fifth regeneration played by Peter Davison. Suffice to say, both of them devoured what was happening on screen, much to John’s delight. They probably haven’t even noticed him get up to answer the door.
Sherlock’s nose scrunched up at the distasteful use of language, but obeyed and tried his best. His movements were better coordinated and less wobbly, but they still lacked the bipedal precision that John, like any other land dweller, possessed almost naturally. Besides, he’d be just as lost if he were in Sherlock’s place coming from a completely different habitat. He would actually most likely drown if he were to ever step into a body of water deeper than his knees. He’d had an incident as a child where he fell into a lake and weren’t it for his older sister, he would have died then and there. Fortunately, he was alive and here to help Sherlock.
Greg was stunned to say the least. Mrs Hudson closed her eyes and sighed, crossing her arms and leaning on a support beam on the porch. Irene put up two fingers to her lips to keep herself from laughing as Lestrade recovered from his trance.
Said Doctor whipped his head around, as if cluelessly. “Why, yes! Or Time Lord. Depends who you ask. I have many titles. I guess a few assigned me a name stimming from a profanity; I’m not everyone’s biggest hero.”
John watched the kid and his friend go white as sheets the more Sherlock’s speech elaborated on the boy’s private life. Oh, this was
“And?”
“Sherlock? What are you doing?” she shot the question at his back, which twisted as he turned his neck and torso to look at her. A tentative smile played on his lips.
"He is, you just don't see it," Harry said, a provocative smile on her face. "Who on earth can tell you what you did without meeting them before? Only psychopaths do that."
This fic is divided into 3 seasons. Season 1 is currently being published, and has 100 chapters. Season 2 has roughly 110 chapters, and the third is around 90, give or take, that’s too far to be known for sure yet.
“Quit moaning and get yourself sorted out,” John said, and his nervous system betrayed him - he suddenly found himself with a handful of curls in his palm, ruffling Sherlock’s hair carefully. He quickly snapped out of it, playing the cool card, hoping Sherlock would be too distracted to notice anything deeper behind it. He let go (regretfully) and walked out to the hallway. “And don’t use up all the warm water!”
“In my defense, it was a very strange day,” Irene said, applying the same shade of blue nail polish she had on her fingers to Sherlock’s clean toes. “Actually, it’s all a bit blurry, thinking back… Huh. Nevermind. I know we were supposed to meet a friend, and he looked it up on our way there. It was still in Toronto, I think. He messaged me that he wants a human skull for his next birthday, to which I said that it is very illegal, and then he started contemplating
“Not exactly,” she said eventually. “Salazar withdrew after we refused to agree to his no-muggleborn policy. He did threaten to go his way, and he did spread some of the rumours you have in your history books today, I believe. We never heard of the Chamber of Secrets back in our day again. It’s said only his heir will be able to open it. I did hear what you were talking about. Poor girl. But Rowena is right, you shouldn’t dig deep into this. Hogwarts almost has a life of its own, it can surprise the best of wizards and witches.”
“Do we wanna go swimming?”John asked absently, throwing a haphazard arm around Sherlock’s sternum.
And given that it said that they’ll meet again soon… Sam got bad vibes from it. This had the potential of being more sinister than the Apocalypse or Lucifer, and that’s
“Clients,” muttered John and he turned the switch, lighting up the gloomy room in a split second.
“Hey, I care about him. And ever since they met two… weeks ago…. Well, let’s say I just know, like you, that these two are made for each other, alright? We already agreed on that. Now if you excuse me, I need to go pester Kate about playing some eighties songs so that I can forget whatever you kids call ‘music’ nowadays.”
“Two days?” Sherlock asked, fingers tracing circles and patterns on John’s belly.
“Here,” Sam said, tossing him a paper bag. Dean caught it, peering inside.
Strange comment.
“How did you name the puppy?”
John picked up on his spaced out stare, waving a hand in front of his eyes to get his attention. “Earth to Sherlock? You alright?”
“Right,” he cleared his throat, skimming the pages once more. “It says here that she tries to sometimes lure you into a small pond somewhere on the island, even forcing nature on you if she gets angered. But she herself avoids a spot north of the island that leads to the waterfall upstream.”
“I bet.”
Bee's artistic tumblr full of wonders:
“By sharing false information about my sexual preferences you’ve no idea about?” Sherlock glared, John snorting into his cup. He leaned his hip on the table, rubbing his face as he tried to stifle his laughter. Sherlock turned to face him, trying hard to frown but failing, the tilt of his mouth betraying his amusement and false anger. “You two are insufferable. Why am I even talking to you?”
Grunting, John sat up, running a hand over his face and through his hair. He picked up his shorts from where they lay on the floor and put them on, not wanting to risk running into Mrs Hudson in only his boxers. Or Irene, or Sherlock, though we wouldn’t really mind the latter so much.
Sherlock ducked a frisbee a family of four threw accidentally far out of their reach, muttering something along the lines of ‘If it flies in front of me one more time, I’m taking it home and dissolving it in acid’ while John urged him forward and waved the people off like nothing happened.
“What do you mean ‘how’? On a phone, dummy.”
“It’s the way you look at each other, man,” Mike said, shrugging. At John’s frown, he continued. “Really. It’s like two suns facing each other, ya know? You both steal glances at the other one when you think the other isn’t looking. It’s quite telling.”
It wasn’t much, but at least they got names.
No one bothered to turn the TV off. Great. None of these punks pay the bills, why be considerate of other people’s money? Typical. Ah, to hell with it.
“Right. Right, why not, but I sure as fuck know how Sherlock looks like, and you’re not him. Where. Is. Sherlock.”
“Hello, Mrs Hudson,” he said, tightening the hug a little before letting go. The upkeeper patted his cheek tenderly as she sat next to him on the sofa.
They both stared at it in horror, frozen in place, Sherlock’s hand placed on John’s right shoulder, the other grabbing on his light blue shirt sleeve.
“You may be right. I never would’ve expected you to be so invested in your nephew’s love life.”
“I’m not that old a hag, John,” she said, smiling wryly. “Give a woman some credit.”
“Why, thank you! I had fun for sure. Are you guys staying?”
“Kleptomaniac racoons,” Irene added, smirking.
Sherlock listed them, tapping the butt end of the pen on his chin. “That would mean they’re the highest rank, doesn’t it?”
A half-swat in his direction told him just how taxing the heat was on them. Sherlock hadn’t even the energy to argue, much less to snuggle. “I have no swimming trunks to change into.”
The diner was small; red and brown old-fashioned stalls for seating made up one whole half of the building. Delicious aromas and smells floated in the air, waiting to be inhaled by the customers. John gleefully observed the siblings take it in, losing themselves in the abundant heaven that was Angelo’s.
A flutter of wings and a pair shuffling of feet later, Blake found himself facing a very put out Harry and a girl with bushy hair accompanying him. “Oh. Hi. Uhm.”
“You mean that? You’re so awesome…. uh, what’s your name?”
Jake rubbed his paws together and licked his snout. “Please!  I haven’t eaten since morning.”
Greg’s lips twisted in a grin. “Of course.”
“Of course.”
Into battle!
enemies to friends to lovers also slaps as a trope.”
“No, the whole picture,” he gestured, pointing out the fact that Sherlock’s head was clearly visible without being interrupted by any mathematical or physics related equation. An equation mark without a written solution displayed Sherlock in its place. Irene could practically see a lightbulb go off above the Doctor’s head. Donna gasped too, and a dawn of comprehension lightened up Irene’s deflated mood.
“Tell Greg I needed to buy pads if he asks,” she said, walking to the minivan where her peers cheered her on. “I’ll be back in half an hour!”
truly resided in the town. But then if he did, he may be crazy enough to implement it in his shabby Shack. Strange how that house still stood upright and didn’t tumble to the side, its wooden structure withering away after years of inept upkeep. No wonder it needed constant touch-ups. But why didn’t he invest in restoring it? Hm. Perhaps to keep it rustic and attract bigger crowds? Possible. Likely. Smart.
“I can’t say I’m content with your decision here, either,” Snape said, as if reluctantly. “Lily’s sister…”
“Why would he want to get in?” Blake said, brows furrowed at his friend’s reluctance to face the obvious facts. “He’s had enough. You should have seen his face. Even the whole of Slytherin thinks he got in for the attention.”
“Visiting our extended family,” Sherlock grunted, eyes rolling violently. He never liked travelling. His leave from Hogwarts meant he was supposed to be at home.
“Hey, what’s that?” Irene pointed at a pile of junk in a faraway corner. It consisted of metal scraps, copper wires, aluminium foil, strings, and a torch. “A torch?”
Donovan’s gaze followed him as he paced up and down in her office. Her face was blank, unreadable. “Some things are better left as they are, Holmes.”
. Why did it make John look so attractive? “And don’t worry. I’ll ensure you have as many eureka moments by having sex with you whenever we please. Except for the clause that we’re alone, and undisturbed.”
Something about Irene’s speech placated Mary. The girl nodded and met her eyes, the dangerous attentiveness ever-present nonetheless. “You have a point.”
“They’re called ABBA?” he asked, leaning forward. He put the pillow cat next to him. John looked in the rearview mirror.
“Exactly. Now
“Sorry,” Gabe said, scratching the back of his neck. “I don’t have beef with you like I do with these idiots. That over there is an inside joke of ours. Let’s see how long it takes them to figure it out.”
“Sorry! Seb fucked up!” Eddie shouted, crying out an ‘ouch’ when Wilkes stomped on his foot. “Hey, it’s true! Don’t get pissy, bitch. But anyway, we found karaoke!”
As such, he lifted his legs and switched sides so that he could rest his head atop John’s thighs. John cradled his cheek with a warm palm. Sherlock leaned into the touch, batting his eyelashes up at his boyfriend. John bent to plant a kiss on Sherlock’s forehead and then returned his gaze to a reprise of
“The thing is, sometimes the colours are more pronounced. Like right now, the ones that sparkled the most are red, yellow, and purple. Green is the faintest for some reason. I don’t understand.”
“Don’t hurt him,” both Irene and Mrs Hudson pleaded, to which Greg nodded. Of course he wouldn’t hurt the creature, Irene thought, he was a Disney princess down to the core. Oh, what a wonderful inside joke to have!
Updated: 20.1. 2021
"Look, I see your point," John said, tapping on his parchment with dry quill. "I've thought of that too, but I still made a promise. Can you at least give it a shot before writing it off completely? Please?"
“Are you serious?” she hissed, leaning over the kitchen island. “You let an unknown angel into your house?”
“Yeah. I’m not even mad about it. I’m glad these idiots got it sorted out. But now onto something better: you and Molly!”
“This is Doctor’s TARDIS. Bigger on the inside, ha?”
“Sherlock look -- it’s from Sam and Dean!” he said, his thumb sliding over the smooth screen to open the phone. He leaned on his elbows so that his friend could see the message. Sam sent him a selfie of him and Dean, both men posing in sunglasses and cotton candy in hand. Behind their backs, the famous Disney castle stood guard.
He watched his friend look at his feet, his jaw working as he mulled it over. Sherlock stayed quiet, letting John take the lead. “I’m not sure, John. What if this is my only chance at life without family feuds ruining the world every century?”
“Cas, you want anything?” Dean asked, but Cas shook his head.
He lifted his chin, feeling the handle of the fridge door, fetching himself a fizzy soda drink. A yellow post-it note caught his eye. It was from Mrs Hudson, telling him to call her as soon as he gets home, no matter the hour.
A loud noise of something heavy falling startled Sherlock, his body going rigid, pressing even closer into John’s personal space. He instinctively grabbed him by the wrist as he stepped further from the source of the noise. John aimed his phone in its general direction, but the light beam met nothing but a plank that fell lifelessly to the ground that raised a cloud of dust in its wake.
Sherlock snorted into his unfinished plate of pasta. “It’s good to see you, Mrs Hudson.”
“Hello,
“Oh, really? That sounds…”
“What ‘hm’?”
“She said that?”
He knocked the katana out of his way with the bat rather skillfully when Cage managed to get it in his proximity. The two had it at each other for a while, John checking over his shoulder as not to fall into the feeble flames.
Sherlock’s other subjects of choice was Arithmancy, Study of Ancient Runes, and Care of Magical Creatures, to which he agreed after seeing that John had an interest in that area. Lestrade took Muggle Studies, Care of Magical Creatures, and Arithmancy - his father insisted that a future Auror has got to be well rounded in many areas. John chose the minimum of two required subjects: Care of Magical Creatures and Divination. A ridiculous choice, in Sherlock’s opinion. Divination was a flimsy branch of magic; never too accurate nor precise, unlike Artithmany or Potions.
“I checked,” Dean said, picking out a can of soda from the fridge. “Things are knocked off shelves so it’s a mess in the living room but no damage beyond that. The corridor upstairs is all thrown out, and then there’s the kitchen window and Cas’ wet trail across the house. Also, I think the roof’s leaking.”
“Okay, I’ll sound sappy,” John said, “but I really like your hair. How do you even manage it?”
“Hey, it’s not like I can help it!” Greg said defensively, glaring at them. “Lizards and snakes are just…. weird. And look slimy. And you never know if they’re poisonous!”
Words: 5309
“You found her,” she said, looking up at him, her brown eyes piercing through him. “Name’s Anthea. But if you want to claim the session now, I’ve bad news. I already have another client scheduled.”
“It’s fan merch,” Irene explained, brows furrowed. She’s going the Mega Bitch™ route, huh. So be it. “Do you know Homestuck? It’s a webcomic. It’s shit, but the fandom acknowledges that and embraces it.”
“After. Me and My…. Well, let’s say that another stop on the journey was Texas, and I had a bet going on with this guy, Bobby. Cool dude, by the way, spoke Japanese and called everyone an ‘idjit’ at some point if you pissed him off. He laughed his ass off when he saw me in drag, but let me tell you, I won the bet anyway. Didn’t even have to win the first place, but looking back I think he just wanted a bit of entertainment. Bobby was also the reason why it’s now legal to hunt Bigfoot in Texas.”
“Sorry to disappoint,” Irene said, her business manners being replaced by something more tender. “ I mean no harm, but I hate one-sided pining as much as unreciprocated attraction. And you are a combination of both, I’m afraid. Exes rarely get back together, so your case isn’t unique in that aspect. As such, you should move on. Sorry. Just don’t think I did it to hurt you.”
“An experiment, actually,” Sherlock supplied, feigning indifference as he tried to ignore the red splotches totally out of bounds of the newspaper. He hopped off the sill, almost slipping on the papers.
Deduce! Of course!
“And… well. Sherlock gave them names. He named the mom Grace, after Grace O’Malley. She has this nice white and red coat. And the puppy has a purely red coat, and he’s the cutest thing I’ve seen in a while. That is, besides John and Sherlock being two lovebirds. The puppy… in case you haven’t figured, is named Redbeard.”
How could he have allowed this to happen? He should’ve been more observant, more skeptical. Why was he so gullible tonight? He let himself believe whatever the mirror said, when it was obviously just mollycoddling to achieve its own ploys by throwing him off-guard. And now John might be in danger because of him!
“Gloria?”
“Twenty.”
“Yeah, thought I’d get back to it,” John said noncommittally, wiping his washed hands on a towel.
It’s been some time since he smoked. Two weeks, to be exact. He had to steal some of those cigarettes. He could buy them, but that required going to a shop, and he was lazy. It’s not like Lestrade was going to notice it - that man smoked so frequently he didn’t bat an eye when there was a cigarette more or less.
“True. So when do you want to go?”
“Good. Irene, you’re my second in command.”
She found Mike and Molly effortlessly, the two of them standing at a stall that had giant stuffed hybrid unicorn-crocodile-bears hung up. They were standing shoulder to shoulder, laughing. Oh, adorable twats. They have no idea that a train called Irene Adler is about to hit them harder than that slap Hermione gave Malfoy in the prisoner of Azkaban. She debated whether to announce herself, just in case it ruined the mood and Mike wouldn’t ask, but he can pop the question after he wins Molly over by getting her the abominably cute creature, no?
“Seems like it. Oh, hello, Redbeard.” The puppy nipped at Cas’ trousers, begging for attention. Castiel picked him up and caressed his red fur. It shone brighter thanks to the adjustment to his diet and the shower he’d had. Both Red and Grace were doing better, and Grace’s limp wasn’t as pronounced, though Doctor Hooper warned them that it was most likely permanent due to the bone fracture she’d suffered at an unknown period, but the origin of it remained unsolved.
Little did he know that Lestrade was going through a meltdown of his own.
“Really? That’d be awesome, Greg!”
My humble tumblr:
Blake felt hot, sweat precipitating at the edge of his hairline. He mustered up all his strength to answer Rita Skeeter’s pointless questions. “I don’t care about that. Harry is innocent in this. He’s fourteen, he would never be able to cheat the Goblet.”
“Over my dead body,” he said seriously.
“What is it with this town and ripping off brands?” Sherlock muttered, coming over to a rack that showcased a couple games. “
“You’re welcome. I may need to read up more on the flower. There’s no point in us staying here longer, and I can see you’re eager to get to bed. At least we don’t have to worry about the flower being discovered, no one else is that adventurous to come here.”
“I’ve no idea what you’re talking about, John.”
“C’mon,” she poked him with a finger. He rubbed the sore spot, glaring at her for such an intrusion of his personal space. “I’m just trying to lighten up the mood. I don’t like spending time away from London and the parties either. But this may be a new adventure! For example, I'll let my thirteen-year-old self that I repressed finally out and be crazy and not the London girl you knew for most of your life. Think of it that way. And they are concerned.”
Fanart that you will see has so far been done by my best friend Bee, you can find her on her blog
“Oh come on,” John said, “it doesn’t matter. It’s genetics, and there’s nothing you can do about it.”
“Yeah, I think it could be fun,” John agreed, looking at Sherlock. He looked genuinely happy at the thought of Sherlock coming along. “I don’t want to leave Irene behind, but maybe you two could use some time apart from each other. She did try to stab you with a fork for the past three days whenever you got on her nerves. And that was…. At least five times a day.”
“I bet.” Greg yawned into his fist. “Have you talked to the kids?”
“Irene!” Jake called happily, pawing his way to greet her. He hugged her around the calves, his warm fur soft and silky against her grimy and sweaty skin.
He wondered what could trigger Cas’ memory of the day he had disappeared, and who or what took him. They should get in contact with the fortune teller a town over who told them about Gloria Scott and see what she recommends they do. He should also call Bobby and update him on their situation.
Updated: 10.12. 2020
If Seb were blessed with lesser, mortal, and slower reflexes, he would’ve been dead. A vampire at his left swiftly made an attempt to grab him, but he was faster. He pinned his hand to the wood, his demon knife cutting through the pale hand like butter, straight through the middle of the vampire’s palm. Hissing and grunted sounds of pain stumped the creature, and Seb took out an athame and threw it at a vampire opposite of him who lunged. The black knife hit him square in the face; not enough to kill it, but it gave him leeway for his next move.
“And the dress?” Irene said, pointing and Cas who had a pink dress with cat silhouettes all over it hung over his shoulder.
“Can I help you?” a woman asked, closing a built-in closet. Sherlock’s colourful irises skimmed over her, deducing what he could.
each other. Point blank. And she’ll eat her own metaphorical hat if they don’t end up together before the end of August. Today served as enough proof to her. At the diner, the way John looked at Sherlock every time he laughed at a joke or showed him something on his phone? Yep, he’s head over tits for her big brother, confirmed.
“Be right there, Greg! Castiel is helping me decide which colour will go along with Frank’s tombstone better,” she called after him, cheerful. Cas and Greg were nonplussed whilst Irene and Sherlock exchanged an unsure glance.
“Ma’am, yes ma’am!” the girl saluted, tossing her long, black braided hair out of the way.
“Let’s go together,” Kate said, intertwining her fingers with Irene’s. On the count of three, they jumped into the metal pipe, letting gravitation guide their sliding. It reminded Irene of waterslides, except there was less water and more friction. Thankfully, their clothes survived.
“You’re sure everything’s fine?” John asked, scanning Sherlock’s face. “I heard you and Irene having a brawl. I mean, I don’t mean to pry, but she seemed a little pissed off when she left for her date? When did she even get a date?”
“I’m a friend,” John told her, offering her his palm to sniff. She licked at the salt on his skin accumulated from near-constant sweating as a sign that she likes him. He put the puppy on the ground.
“Ouch. Aren’t you exhausted?”
"Boys! You’ve got another one!" Mrs. Hudson exclaimed, hands clasped over her heart. She had a hairnet over her head and those ridiculous hot pink slippers from her sister she’d gotten as a Christmas gift.
“Chill, woman, I did,” Moran said, satisfied with how he riled her up. He stretched his legs as far as the limited space allowed, and Mary started the engine. It rattled for a few seconds before catching ignition and she drove them out of the small abandoned road. “What’s got you so rattled?”
“And the charm.”
“Irene, take pictures from numerous angles of the corpse,” Sherlock instructed, walking backwards out of the room, gesticulating wildly. “John, stay out of the shots, then transfer the corpse to the museum, on the -”
Take care and don't exit life because of toi tois,
“I see. You’re a bit like Dean.”
“You’re crazy,” John laughed, elbowing Sherlock. “But hey, you made McGonagall smile, that’s a feat in itself.”
An invisible, gentle hand squeezed John’s heart. Obviously Greg knew him like no one else. Sherlock was perhaps catching up to him, but that remained to be seen. Not that John had a whim of doubt about the young aspiring detective - quite the opposite, he believed he’d have him worked out rather soon.
“Why?”
“Mr. Watson, your schedule,” she handed him a piece of paper, waking him up. Last night’s dinner was still heavy in his twelve-year-old stomach.
“Alright, then. But come with me. Both of you.”
“Thinkie thoughts. Nothing new regarding… you know.”
There was a moment of silence. “Only time will tell. There were many accidents and incidents revolving around Voldemort, even during his time at Hogwarts. I still have a suspicion that the rumour of opening of the Chamber of Secrets in the castle has been his doing, but I may be a prejudiced teacher. In the end, it doesn’t matter now. What was, was. What will be is yet to come.”
“Then why do you look like you’re on the verge of tearing your hair out? Is your family stressing you out again? I swear to the God they believe in or whoever, I’m breaking their noses this time around if they’re giving you trouble again.”
“Not that I mind,” said John, stepping closer, “but I could do without body snatchers.”
wanted to cancel the date, given how you avoided talking to me, ha.”
"It's more interesting when you're free to adjust the ingredients. Besides, Professor Slughorn has mistakes in the steps for his potions, if he bothers to write it on the board. The textbooks are atrocious, there are better ways of brewing."
Sherlock was shaking from laughter by the end of their short bickering. “We’ll discuss the cult later. I believe Cas deserves that shower, as do I and John.”
“Dean,” Cas said, startling the other man momentarily.
). John blinked wearily and sat up in his seat, his neck vertebrae popping. His brain kicked into action, though his blood pressure and body had yet to catch up. His vision was blurry and went black for a second before fully restoring.
“Cas can stay with us,” John said earnestly. All eyes turned to him. “What?”
“You’d be surprised,” Lestrade commented, a mischievous yet sad spark in his eyes. Sherlock didn’t know what to make of it, so he brushed it off.
“Mom! Come look at this!” A girl, maybe ten years old, shouted excitedly at her single accompanying parent. Her mother, a thirty-something woman whose worn out features pronounced the dark bags under her eyes, manhandled a twin stroller to change directions and navigated it to where her daughter stood. “There’s a hybrid minotaur!”
“Easier said than done,” Irene mumbled, talking herself into the craziness these Americans seemed to embody. What if the flag tore? Or the rope? Or her grip wasn’t strong enough? Would the fall kill her? Injure her? Invalidate her? She shook her head to dissipate these thoughts. She could refuse and return the way they arrived. But Irene was no coward, even less as strangers observed the scene.
“Thank you, Janine,” Kate said, taking the mic from her, cokcing her head at Irene whose red skirt fluttered as she hopped up. People in the crowd already cheered, unlike when Janine appeared. The girl seemed to have noticed, for she scowled at Sherlock’s sister from the side.
"Do you genuinely want to help the kids?"
But Sherlock, being the stubborn idiot that he was, was not put off or slowed down by such mortal merits as exhaustion or the need for sleep and rest. In fact, it riled him up even more. He kept scrolling through the photos, zooming in on random places fruitlessly. Irene and John exchanged worried glances. The blond reached out to put a hand around his shoulders like Mrs Hudson did in hopes to coerce him to go up in the attic room, but Sherlock wriggled out and circled OG, crouching to get a good look at his stab wound.
“Thanks, I practise my skits in the mirror.”
These had floral patterns on them, and it would have been nice weren’t it for the dreadful material it was made of. Irene would have a stroke if she were here. On the other hand, there was a selection of skirts and leggings she may like. He knew her size, so he browsed through them to see if there were any she may like if he bought it. There were these individual red leggings that had a print of an open watch on its left leg. Despite expressing the contrary, Sherlock did catch a word or two about Homestuck, however stupid he thought it was. He paid a lot more attention than he’d ever admit, but if his memory served right, Irene favoured a certain character… Dave? He had a special power and whatnot regarding time and had red in his colour scheme. He can take these. He can pretend he doesn’t have a clue what she’s talking about when she spills her cryptic references and keep her happy. Sherlock threw the leggings over his forearm and went to find his boyfriend and their new friend.
“Dance like your favourite ship depends on it!” she told them, spinning Molly around, her braided hair trailing in the air. Irene spotted Eddie and Mike on the edge of the crowd and dragged them in as well. She paired Eddie with Violet, both tall as trees, and Mike with Molly.
“Oh stop, it, y’all. You know I’ll forever love you!” A round of applause. “Save your admiration for later. But…. oh!” The people hitched up a breath as well. Mary’s head turned from person to person, looking for one in particular. John slid lower in his seat. Mary touched her temple with two fingers.. “I think…. Yes, I have a vision! Oh my, you’ll never have seen something so adorable as… This!”
“Stop fidgeting,” John commanded in a tone that seemed to be working wonders on Sherlock. He yielded, wrapping John in a hug instead. Irene thought herself left out and too much like a third wheel and invited herself over for a hugfest. John put an arm around her. “You two are cuddly today.”
“I know so. It fits you, it’s your summer style, and Angelo will find you adorable for sure. He already does, this is just a nice bonus.” Mrs Hudson blushed, fingers playing with the hem of the dress. Irene gave her a sunny smile and patted her arm. “Now, let’s move on to some practical exercises.”
“That’s nothing new with Sherlock,” Irene smiled fondly. Sherlock and his experiments -- at least he had someone to talk to about it now. Even better that John took interest in it too. Or maybe not the dirt so much as Sherlock… “We still haven’t bet on them.”
“We should try to wake him up,” Sherlock suggested, circling John to crouch on the man’s other side. Meep nibbled at his hair but backed off when John gently shooed him off. Both guys waited. Sherlock prompted John. “You have the honour.”
“It’s in the bush next to the stairs,” Kate said, and Jake carefully ran over to the other side to dive in the bush.
Actually, since the pixie incident, Sherlock felt more relaxed around John. Spending time in his proximity was… good. Not as dreadful as he had made it out in his head to be. Although, one problem remained - his attraction to John. Whatever he told himself, it did
“What?” John got up on one elbow to stare up Sherlock, eyes droopy. “Sherlock, I ain’t letting squirrels near my nuts, no sir.”
“Hold on, let me figure this out,” Sherlock said, clasping his fingers together in his thinking position under his chin. Irene’s warning passed through his ears. “We practically reminded Lestrade of your whereabouts. He most likely put it out of his head, your room. You hoped things would get back to how they used to be - the only problem was that you wouldn’t be the centre of it.”
“Typical.”
. He refrained from voicing his dilemma out loud.
“I facepalmed. I keep making Homestuck jokes when it’s irrelevant. Ugh.”
“And why exactly are you trying to convert me?”
Sherlock and John were panting by the time the Shack appeared as a dark silhouette in the dark, only the faint wall lamp indicating where the doors were. Ten meters away, John put his everything to outrun Sherlock, stomping up the porch in one long jump and crashing spectacularly into the doors, flinging them open at once. He fell on his knees, giggling like an idiot when Sherlock bumped into him full force -- they were both close to the entrance.
"We could figure out a way how to reach him," John suggested, but Harry shook his head.
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively, tipping his head to the side to bask in the sun before he got in the boat. He sat next to John.
Irene side-eyed John, then Sherlock, and when the former turned his neck to look at his crush (this sounded surreal), he caught a glimpse of sadness in Sherlock’s features. Did he miss something? He almost voiced his question when his phone rang. A notification displayed on the screen -- he completely forgot about this!
Hello, long time no see!
“Well, then that’s probably the one thing we’d have in common personality-wise,” Sherlock said neutrally, getting up, the chair scraping the tiles loudly as he did so.
“Right. I suppose anyone in Hogwarts right now, especially your House,” Harry said, agitated. “Tell the other Slytherins I don’t care what they or you say, I didn’t put my name in the Goblet of Fire.” He turned around, his robes fluttering in the miniature whirlwind he created.
“Do you think he’s really gone?” Snape asked, coming to a halt.
Or maybe he is fawning over John somewhere in the Shack? Or vice versa? It’s hard to determine with Sherlock, especially since his falling out with his childhood friend, but that’s a memory long forgotten. Sometimes. Honestly, if he could just see himself - the way he fell head over tits for John Watson (and he for Sherlock, for that matter) was almost comical. But he has a difficult time getting adjusted to stronger emotions than the usual loathing of the slower-minded people, namely open affection for other people. But it is there. It’s just hidden, and Irene will look after it to make sure it is unharmed and ready to strike when the time is right, like the good matchmaking sister she is.
“Tadaa!” she yelled, standing upright to show off her one piece swimming suit. It was black with red roses painted on its sides, hugging Irene’s figure comfortably. A bag over her shoulder indicated that all she was taking was dry clothes and her phone.
Sherlock frantically tried to come up with a plan. Then John pushed him on the ground, swinging his shovel and in one swift
“He went missing thirteen years ago.”
Before his brain cells suffered any collateral damage, Sherlock forced his legs to move. Vampires were just rumours around the theatre. But then again, everything was possible. He called out his step-sister’s name, but no response came. Suppressing a spike of worry he leaned over the buffet counter, closing his eyes in relief.
“You too,” Greg said, nonplussed by the sight of Florida sliding down the drain pipe. He startled a few of the hotel customers on his way to the street. “God, these East Coast people.”
"We have a case to work on, Mrs. Hudson," Sherlock said without a glance. He turned to Harry and winked when she hurried to him and basically forced him to take the bag (with minced pie and brandy butter), saying he needn’t worry, that she’d made more than she could eat.
As soon as they were both, regrettably, dressed, they went to the kitchen. Grace and Redbeard were dozing under the table, both still exhausted from the day. John grabbed two cans of Lestrade’s sickly pink soda and gave one to Sherlock.
On the train back to London John, Sherlock, and Greg found a compartment and spent the ride together. It was mostly John and Greg talking while Sherlock looked out of the window, thinking. He was reserved, though a bit more when someone else besides John was present. Halfway home Carl and Jim joined them. Jim tried to strike up a conversation with Sherlock, but he gracefully ignored him, so he quietly listened to Carl and Greg talk about Quidditch.
. Even the thought alone sent shivers down his spine and made his hair stand up. In the past two weeks he had been asked how he was doing more than ever before in his life. Bloody social Americans.
“I’d leave the hatched and the scissors here,” Sherlock advised. “They are too sharp to pass as something non-threatening, but we may take the scythe.”
on the stale pages, a low groan forming in his throat. The past week has been extra exhausting. And Mike informed him it was going to get even worse.
"Well, since linguistics can't seem to entertain your funny little brains, I shall be more direct - you got the Papyrus bit right, but Reparo has stress on the second syllable."
But as soon as people started leaving, a feeling of dread crawled up his spine. What will they do now? John proposed earlier they can just get lost, grab a soda and do their own thing away from the preoccupied space. Sherlock would have liked to drag John outside for another dance. The shared solitude seemed to have alleviated all of John’s doubts and insecurities as he allowed Sherlock to watch him do mistakes and have fun. Yes, that felt nice.
Tim took a long, raspy breath. John flinched at the sound - broken ribs, possibly. The risk of infection in these conditions was running high. Even if goblins were resistant and enduring, it would be painful to live through and the recovery would be slow.
thank you for reading and enjoy~
“There’s a bakery nearby called Big G’s,” John said, stretching his arms.
“He was frightened, and lost his memory,” Sherlock finished, feeling uneasy by the whole situation. Dimmock hummed, kicking a stone from under the sole of his shoe. “So you’re one of his friends. He doesn’t have a clue who you are.”
“FORGET IT,” he shouted, jumping up and over the cash register, startling the slow, imbecilic woman.
“You have Greg there with you.”
Suddenly, Mary’s demeanor shifted to a more cheerful one. “Why, of course not! Don’t you worry, I’ve no grudge against y’all! I appreciate the honesty, and I’ll think about it. You… Your words do resonate. Thank you. Say hi to John from me, yeah? Tell him I’ll keep in touch.”
“I don’t believe you. I’m the epitomy of sex appeal.”
“So does he always rush in yelling about ghosts?” John asked, crossing his arms. Sherlock caught how Lestrade frowned at his feet, head tucked down.
Vampires?? Perhaps.
“Good try, genius, but we still need milk,” John said, patting him on the back.
“You’ll have to make me.”
One inexplicable part of his brain suggested he goes and kisses him right then and there (unromantic) or that he flirts (highly inappropriate since he smelled like a garbage monkey), or that he mutely shuts the bathroom door and waits until his talk with Irene to see how to proceed next (rather rude).
“I hate when she does that,” Ron complained into Harry’s ear, who grinned. Her tendency to be quiet about her plans could be maddening at times.
John gave Greg a rundown of yesterday's action before Sherlock would get fussy over his 'incompetence'.
This chapter is dedicated to my betas, Daria, Beky, and Panda, whom I love as much as Draco loves to bitch about Harry~
“Perfect,” John yawned, biting down a grin as his brain went
, this was meant to be; meant to feel like this.
Redbeard whimpered and shakily stood up, his paws softly tapping against the floor. He followed Sherlock outside on the porch, yawning and stretching out his legs.
When Alex and Irene were safely out, John fastened his bat in his belt, ready to bolt right up.
“Uhm… Is he the tall guy?” Jake asked, his voice higher in pitch. Irene nodded, and his ears clapped shut over his skull. “Oh, well. I, uhm. He’s a little scary.”
“That was….” John said once the air cleared out. For the first time since leaving the library he felt like he could breathe freely. “Absolutely fucking crazy. I need hot chocolate.”
“None of your business,” Sherlock said, failing to suppress a yawn. He hated being the subject of Mycroft’s scrutiny. Have others felt like this when he deduced them? He’ll have to ask John tomorrow at breakfast.
Maybe he should build it up. Ask the mundane questions first. Scratch that -- no questions concerning John were mundane. But yes, that could work. Start generally, and then narrow it down. Sherlock couldn’t care less what Lestrade thought of him, but he guessed that having good relations with John’s next of kin are in order. He didn’t have any strong positive or negative feelings regarding Lestrade, it’s not like they were pals or mates, as Mummy would comment on friends, but they were amiable enough.
John found old dolls, and it sparks up Mrs Hudson’s need to knit again. But someone murder’s her doll! Sherlock’s first ever homicide behind closed doors. Crushes are definite.
“And now the TV’s in the bin,” Sherlock chirped, switching a gardening journal for a crossword. He turned the whole stand around a few times, looking at what else to improve so that it was visually pleasing. “At least the window was open and sustained zero damage. Worry not, Lestrade. Also, why are you concerned about me ‘flailing around’ your stress eating habits? The only other person aside from us three in the gift shop is that preposterous journalist with a kink for furries.”
“Dear me, what had gotten into young boys recently?” Mrs Hudson sighed, patting Sherlock’s arm. “All you do is snarl at one another like you’re some territorial wolverines in heat.”
“Well. Thank you, Hudders. I’m sorry you lot had to deal with Nic Cage and the princesses,” he said, scratching his nose. “Fuck. That means that the kids know that I was talking shit about the town’s self-proclaimed mysteries.”
“I’m alright,” Sherlock said, his deep voice raspy. He cleared his throat to make it go away. “No need to come in.”
It was a crazy, and a frankly unbelievable day, and he wouldn’t trade it for anything. He enjoyed watching Sherlock and his thought processes, drawn by them to say the least.
The days leading up to it were…. normal. Sherlock, John, and Irene dug deeper into the Colour Wheel, although it led nowhere as of now. Nothing feasible came out of it yet, much to Sherlock’s dismay, but they did get to prank Lestrade by making him think that every store in town ran out of cigarettes.
“Where would the fun be in that?” Sherlock said, folding up the parchment paper with his mind notes. It all felt more solidified now that he said it to them. “If you don’t like the chase, then you don’t have to solve it with us.”
Kate gasped. “That
“But John --”
“The fee for leaving sooner than before ten is thirty-five bucks,” John said, crossing his arms. Both young boys were shorter than him and their arms were thinner than spaghetti. Fuck fifteen dollars, he’d scam the whole town for this.
And with that she dove under the porch, kids and adults cheering her on, her spray ready for use. Everyone expected her to be done in half an hour, hoping they’d get to pay half the price while Mrs Hudson collected the money - after all, it’s just a stupid small animal, right?
Sherlock blushed. He sat up and scratched the back of his head. “I… Likewise? It’s mutual, that’s what I’m trying to say.”
“But we finally have a chance to put him in his place,” Draco said, a mischievous grin spreading across his face. He had a plan already. Well, most of it, it was a work in progress. He whipped his head round to call his Quidditch teammates, who joined in to listen.
“You grabbed like ten of these,” John counted, frowning. Sherlock shushed him before he’d start his tirade.
special thanks to bee, dee, and honey, which is the sweetest thing ever
“Anyway, I’d also welcome if you could clean up all this right after you’re done, alright? Thanks. Great to see you having fun, just don’t make a mess. Also, I’m heading out to town, want anything?”
“If it was supposed to deliver a message or a surprise, then it failed,” Cas said thoughtfully, showing them the open slit. “It could’ve been damaged, but Gerta had it secured to herself. Either someone robbed the goat on her way here or the product escaped.”
Yeah, everything’s fine for the time being.
“What’s that for?” Sherlock asked. Surely he would remember if he told John to get this for a case, and there was none at the current moment. No, maybe he wants to occupy Sherlock by making him paint? No, he knows that wouldn’t work, that would be meticulous. Oh. Of course! He wants to paint himself. Stupid slushie brain. “Oh I see.”
“Yeah, that’s been a shared effort. I hope the tourists didn’t give you much trouble.”
Sherlock smiled, making a show out of drawing his right hand closer to the pupper in case it skittied away. It did eye the fleshy object, but the fries were remarkably more interesting, and it let itself be petted. Sherlock could tell that both dogs spent quite some time on the streets; the puppy’s coat was dusty just touching it, leaving a residue of dirt on Sherlock’s finger pads.
There was a sound of something being ripped from the ground, and seconds later a tall pine tree swooshed past them and blocked their way. John swerved the cart to a different path just in time, cursing under his breath, the rest of them yelling. They were rolling down a hill now. Sherlock recognised the spot where he hung up signs for hikers to see, and in a matter of seconds they crashed onto Lestrade’s yard. John hit the breaks and only very closely did they avoid a collision with the Shack.
“Dreadful, I hear,” Mrs Hudson laughed. “She’s apparently adopted five more cats since his last visit. He likes them. That makes a total of thirty-nine cats. At least she takes good care of them, you know? Oh and apparently she’ll have a litter of kittens in September. They’re a hypoallergenic breed, Angelo said, and his sister will have to give them away later. She said it’ll be for free, she just wants the kittens to find a good home.”
thirty-six? I remember dates and years. Usually. Really?”
All eyes were fixed on the Goblet, one last time. It felt like ‘time’ stopped existing for an excruciating moment, though, stretching and prolonging the tension in the already overfilled room. Draco sat on the edge of his seat, his breath on hold. It was a shame he wasn’t of age, otherwise he would’ve been amongst those who inched to hear their name.
"Why are you beating Sherlock?"
He scratched at his elbow, which was a little sore from hitting the floor, but the collision overall was minor.
“I think it depends on the type of vampire. They could be sadistic and thirsty for blood or sparkly and butthurt two-dimensional paper characters.”
Sherlock kicked a pebble out of his way, pacing in front of the mall. He refused to get inside and meddle among ordinary townsfolk who indulged in
“Hey guys,” she greeted them. Molly’s half-moon eyes smiled at her from where she stood next to Mike. Irene leaned in to him and whispered, “Mike, a word, if you will?”
Kate managed to get a firm grip on it, while Irene slid down. Weren’t it for Kate holding her, she would have fallen on the dirty floor below. She mustered up enough strength to regain balance and the two crawled up to the back of Mary’s seat. Carefully walking around, they perched themselves on her right shoulder so that Mary’s companion didn’t see them if she turned to look at her.
“Well, then,” she pursed her lips and stomped on a spider that fell out of its spiderweb above. “Listen, Sherlock, I do believe you -”
“He’s having his free try-out session,” Anthea supplied, saving Sherlock oxygen. As if he would spare it on the idiot in the first place. “We don’t exclude here, Seb.”
“No, Astronomy is just not worth the space in my Mind Palace.”
Castiel closed his eyes and exhaled sharply. When he opened them, he frowned. “That’s… anticlimactic.” At John and Sherlock’s clueless stares, he explained. “I was supposed to be in Florida right now. Transport myself there. I somehow regained my angelic grace back, or it is filling up, but it doesn’t work as it should. Maybe I’m weakened from the slumber.”
Two pairs of hands hauled John out of the secret tunnel underneath the statue on the cemetery, and he found himself on his knees, panting hard. Irene crouched next to him, her palm resting on his back serving as an anchor.
“Count us in,” Dean said, full of determination. “I’ll fill Sam in once he’s awake. Thank you again for putting us up. We’ll try to find our aunt Em in the meantime. These past few weeks have been crazy, it will be nice to get a break. That is, if you don’t have another ghost case in town.”
John darted back with Sherlock the moment he heard Mrs. Norris meow. For some reason, his intuition told him that the cat just knew.
“I don’t stop to smoke a pack of cigarettes before I head back, that’s why,” John said, the tone of his voice indicating his distaste for Lestrade’s habit. In the two days they had been here, Sherlock picked up on it too. Lestrade easily smoked a packet of cigarettes a day, two at once if he’d dealt with an annoying customer, three if he had free time between tours and it was draining him.
“Or maybe you can just admit I’m stronger than you,” John shoved him, taking a step back to go drink the rest of the juice left out on the counter.
“Excuse me, sir,” a man that appeared on his side said. He was wearing a beige overall bearing the symbol of the local animal control station, and he carried a slip lead.  “Are those your dogs?”
“If not me then who would keep you fed, hm?” John teased, fingers lightly brushing Sherlock’s cheekbone who fluttered his eyelashes innocently.
“Of course. I’m free tomorrow between three and five in the evening. Sounds good?”
“Annual egging party?” Sherlock repeated, flabbergasted by the lore of this town and how it stretched beyond his expectations.
Just as Cas was about to reach for the impostor, Cage barrel rolled out of reach and made a run for it, fleeting to the hallway. “Catch me if you can!”
five days ago when I added the Angelo/Mrs Hudson ship I noticed that there was a possibility of Eurus Holmes/Mrs Hudson ship and I went ???????????????? whom's't've????????????????
"Yeah, yeah I did," he said, giving platform nine and three quarters one last look before his holidays officially started.
“Pardon?”
“Looking at you, yeah,” John joked, but he meant every word. That stunned Sherlock for a second and the redness of his cheeks wasn’t from the heat. Ha!
“Jesus Christ, Irene!” Sherlock called out, scandalized. He extracted himself from his octopus-hug, stomping to the door to tear them open and glare at his step-sister in his full height. “Can you stop with the innuendos for five minutes?”
“Bleh,” Sherlock pronounced simply and yet meaningfully. He stretched out his arm, but he missed a bottle by a few centimeters. “Jawn, help.”
“I won!” John cheered, turning to Sherlock and grinning with a sticky smile. He ran over his teeth with his tongue and Sherlock had to pry his eyes from John to avoid staring. Sherlock cleared his throat, giving the blond a small nod.
. And he said he hated sparkly mineral water! All of Sam’s bottles were almost empty, or half drank with Dean’s spit in it. Great. Now he can dry out on land like Spongebob Squarepants. Wasn’t there a movie with Keanu Reeves recently? He could only dream of being visited by such a legend.
Sherlock’s response was a deep hum, and the doorbell chimed as the doors smacked closed.
“Thanks!” she grinned, hands on John’s arms, keeping him in place. He felt cornered and cramped and claustrophobic. Like a caught prey about to die. “I’m so glad you came! I wondered after you didn’t last year whether you’re alright.”
John climbed the stairs to his Common Room, but as he approached the Fat Lady, an unnerving sight greeted him. An owl perched itself on the railing not too far from the painting, and from its beak and below it were clumps of grey, fluffy fur.
Hopefully next time I will finally write a giant chapter to get a move on in the years.
Later in the day, John noticed that not only Carl, but also other classmates seemed tired and exhausted. This mood was accompanied by yawns and dark circles under their eyes which he could match, but for different reasons.
“Look, Sherlock…”
Sherlock aimed it for the ‘Employees Only’ door and of course the amateur has left it unlocked. He hesitated at first, thinking that perhaps he should alert John, in the end. Sherlock did have a tendency to throw himself in danger’s claws. This time, though, he had more than a good reason for it, and he gave zero tosses about himself if that meant Rosie would be safe. Nodding, he barged in, startling a shriek out of the elf.
“That’s… incredible,” John said, eyes twinkling in the gloom of the pine trees. “Like a fairytale, but better.”
Tim chuckled, an action shortly followed by a vicious cough. “Sorry lads, that’s all. Just some hush-hush from your fellow humans. Your kind can be despicable, you would know. I’ve no idea if that bit of information helps, but it’s all I’ve got. I know you two usually work it out from the smallest clues.”
“Sure,” Sherlock mumbled, slight suspicion arising at the comment regarding the undead. Hm. Probably just a pop culture reference he wasn’t getting. It’s not like Lestrade knew about the journal, he only used the legends to his advantage to scam naive tourists.
“What is it, though?”
The moment the dungeon class doors slammed shut with a bang and a tall man dressed in black swooshed across the room in front of the chalkboard, he suddenly believed Carl. Snape’s black robes fluttered behind him in the small whirlwind that he made with his frantic movements, leaving the Second Years positively stunned.
alcohol, and there’ll be karaoke and music! I can see you guys having fun. If anything, you can take a breather outside if it gets too much and have a romantic walk in the forest. Fireflies are out this time of year”
"We have to create a distraction," Sherlock said in between breaths. The blisters felt very, very hot.
“Sure, but you’re breaking the law of no twenty-first century mocking and swearing on the Founder’s Day,” Dimmock said, and Sherlock utterly lost it. He was basically in the middle of it and nowhere at the same time.
“Jesus. I’m sorry for him. I mean, I also argue with Harry, she was making fun of me for being in Gryffindor, saying I’ll have to be a superhero from now on. Then she tried to make me her slave and all, but that’s just sibling bantering.”
“Irene and Kate are trying to make use of the nacho sauce machine, but I strongly advise against eating anything that comes out of it,” Sherlock said, apparently bored by the deep sound of his baritone. He glanced at Sarah, who kept typing away at her phone. “Sarah keeps tweeting about the latest episode of the Kardashians, and Irene also revived a slurpee machine right there.”
“I want to help you,” he said, looking straight into those intent, saturated and quietly pleading irises. He wasn’t sure if they understood, but hope died last.
Had the room above been brighter, this would be its polar opposite. At first, John couldn't make out a single shape, but he touched a rough wall and as his eyes got used to the darkness surrounding him, he saw that a few feet down was a wooden platform wide enough to fit two people onto it. In the distance a rushing of water could be heard, but he had no idea how far. It resembled a cave to a certain degree, but architecture of the castle reached even lower, oddly enough.
Draco left, and Blake snatched the parchment, unfolding it in the shadows of the library. His jaw dropped, andhe darted out of his seat to find the younger Slytherin, but Draco was long gone. He, presumably, gave him the names of the four dragons, one of which he’ll face tomorrow.
but that would be rude. Nope, he really had no desire to get mixed with Mary and her drama again. He was nothing but a toy to her two years ago, and people didn’t change as much as they claimed. He knew inside she wouldn’t contact him out of the blue for some friend business if she hadn’t her own plans. And Sherlock and Irene were right, too.
“Great! What do you think, Sherlock? Just the three of us against the rest of the world?”
“Why not?”
“Nah, I’m just joking,” Dean said, winking. “Get in, Ghostbusters. Who knows, we may have spent here more than a couple hours on a stakeout if it weren’t for your help. We can finally go on our well-deserved vacation!”
lore, that’s fo’ sho’. Sherly don’t know his brother used to be at home here once, huh?”
“Not at all,” Sherlock told him. His eyes widened. “Wait -- what about Grace and Redbeard? I have to go get them or --”
So much for a 'cold open' fellas. Hope you liked it!
“Hi, no need, thank you,” Sherlock replied, and the man dipped his head in acknowledgement. He looked intently at Lestrade, who gave him the ‘
“We didn’t meet him, so probably. Where’s Cas?”
Sherlock nodded, blowing a stray curl out of his eye, unsuccessfully. He frowned, but stilled when John shyly lifted his hand to tuck it behind his ear. He watched gingerly as Sherlock’s cheeks tinted with pink, eyes darting back and forth between John and the window.
He decided not to wait in the open sun any longer than necessary, it tickled his fair skin already, and so he walked to the shade and under the crowns of green trees, choosing an abandoned table to sit at. Irene would find him easily enough, his white shirt glowed in the shadows, especially since it was freshly washed and ironed. A courtesy of Mrs Hudson, undoubtedly.
While Sherlock did as asked, Irene and Kate ganged up on John, teasing him about his height. “Yeah, you’re actually pretty short for a guy,” Kate said, looking him over head to toes. “How tall are you? I never gave it much thought but damn. Short doesn’t even cover it.”
John turned them around, hands placed firmly on Sherlock’s hips. He knew the layout of the living room by heart now, and he navigated them slowly with closed eyes. The next verse he sang alongside the singer,
“That it’s confirmed I’m not a monster-fucker,” she said, tiredly giggling at her own joke. Dean’s eyebrows met his hairline, and Sam’s teeth sank into his lower lip so as not to burst out laughing. “I want a platonic monster friend! Actually, scratch that, Karkat Vantas is my best friend.”
"See? Back already," Mrs. Hudson winked at him. She rose from her chair, shoes clanking against the wooden floor. She leaned into the hallway calling after her tenants. "Boys, Harry is here!"
Henry's hoot put him out of his muggle-technology-induced trance as he waited for words of praise for such a good delivery. Sherlock reached into his trouser pocket and gave him a treat.
“Sure, Hudders.” He went to dispose of the cigarette bud and change his clothes.
"Wow, no need to be rude about it," said John, wondering how the hell he wasn't being offended right now. "How do people react when you tell them this?"
“So far it looks good to me,” John said, snuggling up to Sherlock. “You’re our smartest guy around, you helped local police solve cases and you solved a couple metaphysical ones too… I’m sure we’ll get to the bottom of this.”
Ah, so it was their supposed house. It didn’t live to see them together, as sad as it was.
Sherlock and John’s eyes met, confused for a moment before they burst out laughing. That was a sight to behold for sure.
“Actually,” Sherlock said, the glint in his eyes telling John that he’s made an important connection himself. “There was a mirror shapeshifter who told us the exact same thing about the auras. He said mine is purple and John’s yellow. Does it look yellow to you?”
At one point, Greg knocked on their doors to make sure they were okay and not summoning Satan or any other unholy creature of the night, which gave Sherlock ideas. However, he was immediately shunned by Irene (‘
“What?” half of them bellowed, spooked by the prospect of having to stay any longer than necessary. “Sleep? But we need to go home!”
"Uhm, that's what friends do," John shifted on his feet. He knew Sherlock said he didn't have friends, but he genuinely believed that they developed an honest friendship.
He quickly wrote a reply and sent John a text back.
“Fuck if I know. I haven’t been fully aware of how restoreed they are until recently. I am not used to using them on a day-to-day basis. Why, well…
He didn’t miss the hunger in his reflection’s expression which promptly smoothed itself into a smirk. Suspicion roused in his gut, but even if the mirror had malevolent intentions, it had no way of directly harming him. Right?
. Sherlock found himself standing in the deserted hallway alone. His stomach gave a loud, insistent grumble. Right, he hadn’t eaten since breakfast and it was now three in the afternoon.
Sherlock absentmindedly rubbed the dog’s soft belly, finally putting the letter down. His room was a mess. It could be dealt with easily, but underage wizard were stupidly prohibited from using magic outside of Hogwarts.
Warm sun beams caressed their wet faces as they walked back to the island on the bridge, both of them weary from the physical strain, especially Sherlock. Dean didn’t look that much worse for wear, if he were honest. How much could that man endure?
long. Hopefully the guys didn’t notice their absence yet.
A̶l̶l̸ ̶i̴n̶ ̴d̷u̶e̵ ̷t̷i̸m̸e̸,̷ ̵C̴a̵s̷s̵i̸e̸
“Mrs Hudson sent me to clean up the webs,” John explained, tapping the broom against the floor thoughtfully. “Said they always come back stubbornly, but anyway - the window was open and there was a draft which made something rattle, so I listened and discovered that there is a door right here. I tried my luck and looked…”
“Only a small part?” Sherlock’s nose scrunched. Clearly he wasn’t a fan of the Shack at all.
Sherlock nodded, rubbing his arm. He scoffed at the formalities. “Sherlock, please. Should I get more comfortable clothes as well?”
They moved together, bodies close, heads prompted against the other’s comfortably. The sun shone its last sun rays through the kitchen, one wide ray illuminating the living room. Baker Street was dark, the clouds looming over the streets of London. It was as if two world were colliding, no, contrasting. One stormy on the inside, the other warm and calm.
“Oh, she’s excited,” Mummy had said happily, and Sherlock rolled his eyes. Of course, his easy-to-amuse step-sister was always in for the ride. “Do watch out for each other, will you?”
“How did that happen?” John gasped as the impostor pushed into him when his grip loosened. He fell on his back, the other Sherlock darting for the rock. Fortunately, John was quicker and tripped him, causing him to splay on the floor, limbs akimbo.
Oh, and what is that faint smell in the slow burn distance? Is it a plane? Is it a bird? No, it's Drarry.
The same couldn’t be said about the hunter who was almost completely overgrown by carnivorous vines, screaming his lungs out.
stain has been on the carpet since anyone remembers. It’s in our ohana too.”
Into battle!
“I’ll pass and tag next time as long as it doesn’t include smelly fish,” Irene muttered, her eyes falling on a stray racoon that waddled over to Lestrade’s car, sniffing at the tires curiously. Greg was apparently an animal lover, because the moment he spotted the little cretin he crouched and greeted him in a silly voice Irene knew Sherlock used with dogs when he thought no one was nearby. Only Greg had no shame.
“Don’t get pissy, Miss Morstan,” Boss scolded her, his words venomous at once. Mary shut up immediately. She was close to crossing the invisible line of his patience. “I arranged for everything to be ready for you prior to his arrival to Reichenbach Falls this summer. The rest is supposed to be up to you.”
“I am a chemist, not Tony Stark,” Sherlock said dryly. “Go to sleep.”
“What’s a pizza?” Sherlock asked, perplexed. John leaned his elbows on the table, a fond smile spreading across his face. Greg seemed similarly out of his depth. Oh, these wizards.
. Kate frantically stood up, back rigid akin to a soldier’s, her black curly hair bouncing up and down, and she saluted her employer for good measure.
“Painting our nails can wait, I have one more question,” Sherlock hurried to Cas’ side to show him the journal. He dutifully ignored Irene’s military remark and blatant disrespect of their fabled divine saviour and his fandom. “Cas, have you ever seen a mystery journal similar to this one?”
“The nails and hammer!” Sherlock almost shouted, startling John as he shot up to his feet, stumbling to the side as his blood pressure recalibrated itself inside that head of his. John caught him by the elbows to prevent him from falling, sending electricity and heat up his spine. Oh, that was… good. Their eyes met, brown with silvery blue and ecstatic. And there was the weird feeling of deja vu once again, a familiarity so comforting Sherlock wanted to curl into it like into a blanket and never let go.
“You look like shit. You need decaf.”
And now, as John stepped over the front door threshold, he couldn’t care less about magenta or turquoise light beams that would serve insecure guys as means to make their dicks bigger. And he knew of a few who would take the offer up. Not that it was his problem, he’s happy as mother nature created him, thank you very much.
Do you know how long it took me to polish it?
This shouldn’t be hard, yet it felt as though he was about to tell them that he was moving to Brazil to raise alpacas.
“Who?” Cas asked sharply. Dean cursed under his breath, and Sam looked over his shoulder to see if he’d be able to catch a glance of him.
His impromptu crash into Seb Moran was surprising but not entirely unpleasant. The guy struck him as a carefree and active person, a social butterfly, but acceptable enough for Sherlock not to scoff at him. Yet. That might change if he decided to bug him more often.
My humble tumblr
Cas raised an eyebrow at the very eloquent response and shot the radio another contemplative look but relented… or so Dean thought. Cas took it upon himself to test Dean’s patience, and the two played a game of tic tac toe where Cas quickly shot out his arm to twist the button to the right, raising the volume, and Dean repeated it, but in reverse to lower it. This went on for a while until Dean finally snapped.
“You know, that’s another good point,” she continued, stepping down from her stool. She had to tilt her head up to look Sherlock in the eyes. There were crinkles around her dark brown, welcoming eyes. “If the girl does turn out to be a vampire, and a dramatic one who bites the dust
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson,” Kate said, stepping aside to let the woman dust the shelves above them. She stood by in case she fell and could catch her in time.
Blake shuffled to a chamber not too far from the Great Hall, but isolated enough not to hear the buzz of the students from here. His mind was blank, as though it turned into a pudding - and not the weird, savoury English one, but the sweet one his mum used to make back in America. When he realised how strange the analogy sounded, he shook his head, shoved hands in the pockets of his robe and let his legs carry him on.
“We wait.” Seb shuffled in the narrow width of the sofa to find a comfortable position before flipping Mirage off. “Now feck off somewhere else. I hate when you creep on me while I sleep.”
“Tell me about it, my right eye always wells up,” Irene said, wiping said organ using a tissue before pocketing it. “The doom of a scout: allergies. Alright let’s go. We can bitch about our genetics along the way.”
Sherlock rested his cheek on the edge of John’s arm. “I’m sorry,” he said contritely. “How old were they?”
“No matter, you’ll catch up in History of Magic class,” Sherlock waved a hand dismissively. “My point is -- what if Salazar Slytherin hid the Chamber in his part of the castle? That would make the most sense. Direct entrance and exit, inconspicuous to the other founders and teachers and students alike that were to come. Except his heirs.”
“Are you saying I’m not posh enough, London Boy?” John raised an eyebrow, ducking his head to kiss Sherlock thoroughly until it left them gasping for air. “Just wait until I whip out my Australian accent.”
Cas’ grace flooded through him. He opened the door, ready to throw himself in front of little Irene and Sam… but the room was empty, devoid of animate life besides himself.
“Uhm… Reichenbach Falls, Oregon,” John told him, sounding stupidly unsure. “What’s your name?”
Thank you all for reading
“That you’d be angry with me for losing Rosie. That you’d leave after.”
John stifled a yawn, his left fist covering his mouth, his eyes watering. It was astounding how desperate people were to be ripped off. He handed a scrawny kid his change and Sherlock tore him a rectangle of useless piece of coloured paper to bring inside with him.
Gerta bleeted, and after the split second of immense light and destruction was over, silence began to set in and the rain became deafeningly comfortable to listen to. It didn’t take long for the rain to intensify and overwhelm every remaining echo of the blast that Cas had sent in Cage’s direction.
He exhaled sharply through his nose, eyelids fluttering closed. “Irene, Animal Control can hold pets for only so long. They’d either be up for adoption after --”
updated: 30.4. 2021
“Huh, interesting take. I never thought of it. I mean yeah, there are plot holes, and this is a major one, but you can always ignore it.”
Mycroft let the piece of paper fall to the ground, incinerating it with his wand.
“Shut up. As if McGonagall didn’t warn us.”
“Duh. I’d like a hug.”
“What?”
Sherlock started tracing his lean fingers across John’s exposed skin. The touch was thrilling, and he barely resisted sighing contentedly or arching into the soft fingertips that currently trailed his sternum. Fuck, okay:
Sooner than any of them could agree, disagree, or swear, he firmly grabbed John’s arm by the elbow and took a step back. He tried to break contact on instinct, but Gabriel raised his left hand and snapped his fingers. They were all gone in an instant.
“Yeah, I saw her do that. The idea behind the
“And find out whether there are more in this town. And end the contract.”
on television. The man who owns this place watches lots of good programmes (I peek through the windows) and man, Brooklyn Nine-Nine is my favourite so far!”
“Stay here and monitor him,” Mary said, opening her doors and stepping out onto the pavement. “I need to pick something up real quick. If he leaves, trail him and text me the address.”
“Better not keep her waiting, then,” Greg said, scratching the tip of his nose. Sherlock gave a firm nod and started walking back towards the house, left hand pressed against the book resting against his chest. “Ay! And dinner is at seven! So come down, alright? Or I’ll send John to fetch you, whatever works.”
“Oh, that’s not it at all,” she said lightly. Her oven’s timer beeped to signal that the brownies were done, so she took them out before answering. “Frank -- that tart of an ex-husband -- was very malicious. I married him on a whim, thinking he was a nice guy. I had a desire to settle somewhere and take a break from life, you know.”
“Good. It’s intended to be a surprise.”
addendum: Alex Hirsch is the creator of Gravity Falls, and I thought I'd do him justice and make him... you will see next chapter. King Awesome-Sauce is his legit nick and there's a video of how he burnt his jacket under full moon after Disney gave his show the green light. In other words, he and I have very similar ways of our minds work, I think, so wait until I end up in the fic, if even........ ;D
“Not as crazy as tearing his undershirt apart,” Sherlock said, and Irene stuck her tongue out at him. Sherlock childishly repeated after her.
Dean hummed affirmatively as he glanced over his shoulder. He kept a gun under his pillow out of habit and a knife nearby constantly. A curse of the profession, Cas thought. “What about John and Sherlock?”
John checked the document, hissing as a drop of water fell on the paper, immediately soaking into the material. He hastily took a picture of it and hid it in the backpack. He zoomed in on a few places where scribbles described nonsense, but not even the folded item and map revealed anything new. They’ll have to locate the statue purely by themselves, their lead being the sketch.
episode 1, chapter 2
"Well, he did the job for me," said Greg and they turned to the front where the Sorting Hat had just shouted his house: RAVENCLAW.
As they assembled themselves around the stage, Sherlock stretched out his legs, letting out a relieved sigh. That went better than expected. He closed his eyes for a moment as Eddie tuned the guitar, Mike trying out the drums, Wilkes sitting behind a piano that Freddie summoned from the backstage.
Freddie chatted up Eddie in the meantime who tried to convince him to let them go to no avail. Freddie sat on the edge of the stage, swinging his legs leisurely in the air. Sherlock threw his head back in frustration. “We’re absolutely incapable of fighting him off, we have no aid, supernatural or other, to fight the ghoul off. I can’t think under these circumstances because everything, all the sensory input is just too strong, too distracting and I cannot find the right memory in my Mind Palace where I memorised the journal as an ill-effect of that! And to add insult to injury, I left it at the Shack before I agreed to join this group of your friends I have absolutely no connection with! Why did I agree in the first place? It’s not like I ‘blend in’ as Freddie had put it. That’s one thing we agree on. Some people don’t understand, don’t bother, just like Wilkes…”
The Doctor stopped and gripped her by the shoulders. He gave her a reassuring smile. “I’m sure you’re convincing enough. Sherlock, how good are you at baseball?”
“So you want to tell him about this?”
Angelo reappeared, notepad in hand as he took John’s order. He’ll have blueberry pancakes. As Angelo turned to leave, Sherlock stopped him to order coffee for himself. John took the opportunity to nudge Irene’s knee with his own and pass her his phone under the table while Sherlock wasn’t looking.
Johnlock is full force <3
Tilting his head to the side, Sherlock contemplated the new information. “Hm. It doesn’t sound half bad. Why not? We can wing the rest, as you suggested.”
What would he do after, though? Go live with Greg, of course, but… would it be that easy? A part of him longed for this to be over. Hell, it felt like he had done it already. Freed himself from those toxic people, semi moved on, all that. His spirit pushed his body out of the figurative restraints towards the exit, and his mind only lightly refused the soft, albeit calculated nudge.
Anyway, thanks for reading and enjoy today's shenanigans!
“Yes.”
“Have you found anything useful?”
So as he had dealt with putting the goods away while emotionally scolding Greg for his smoking habit (he
“But did he know you were cursed?” Sherlock inquired, absorbed into the story.
"Going out so soon, boys?" Mrs. Hudson peered out from her doorway. She was holding a small leather bag in her hand.
“Thanks for getting me out,” he said. “Honestly, what’s wrong with them? Potter can be potentially a target of some killer and they don’t even flinch at that.”
Mrs Hudson clasped her hands together. “Actually, now that you mention it -- we could go down to Florida! Greg and I have fond memories of that place. That’s where he and I first met, years before he employed me.”
“Good plan,” John said, and then he ran out to catch Irene who tripped on the stairs and almost fell flat on her face. John scraped his knees on the floor in order to prevent her from hurting herself, and she just grinned, pecked him on the cheek for his service, and dashed off.
“Cas? What’s up?” he asked, his eyes bloodshot and tired. Ah, so he was about to turn in.
“Yeah, why not? We can have a volleyball match and hear what he has to say.”
Feel free to comment and chat <3
affected by it. His outburst in the car proved that.
“T’was the intention,” Sherlock called after him, and John giggled, hugging him and trailing kisses up his neck and jaw until their lips met.
My humble tumblr:
“Dunno. We’ve got Red and Grace now, and Setters are good dogs in general. Suited for hunting, of course, but I like big or medium breeds the most.”
“He didn’t remember much to begin with, how he came to get lost and all that. He couldn’t explain why he feared the dog, either. He clammed up whenever we brought it up. He was skittish for months, didn’t leave his parents’ house at all. People speculated what could’ve happened to make him paranoid to such a degree and we thought maybe his friends took a prank too far. None of them knew what happened, though. They went to sleep together and woke up in the morning to find Henry gone.
“It’s heavy, it won’t move much even if there’s breeze or draft. Plus it is secured down here, see?”
Sherlock looked amused by the sudden onslaught of protection and wriggled closer, though he still kept distance between their bodies. John let his eyes roam over Sherlock’s chest and waist and briefs and then legs. Sherlock was doing pretty much the same, but neither of them said a word, even though the air got progressively hotter.
“Hmm, you’re prettier than I’ll ever be.”
.Which would be alright if it didn’t concern Sherlock’s
Dean let out a hum and looked at the lake. “Cool. I’ll go change into my trunks and then I’ll cannonball this lake till I get motion sickness.”
They bid each other farewell, Cho giving him one last, brief hug and they departed. Blake made it quick, careful not to fall over his robes or slip on the narrow stairs leading up into the Owlery.
John’s fist clenched automatically at the memory of facing Greyback, his brows furrowing. Sherlock noticed, scooting closer in the cab, nudging John with his knee. John snapped out of his mind, sighing.
“Looks good, Cas,” John agreed.
“Roger that, captain.” Sherlock hooked his arm around John’s and led the way. “I should’ve mentioned that the birds are entrapped in a ditch of sorts, so we can observe them from the top. We should be safe.”
“You sentenced your husband to death row?” Sam repeated incredulously. “What for?”
"I'm sure he'll pop up soon," she said soothingly. "Bunnies sometimes do that, you know? They hop somewhere where they're not supposed to be but they come back."
"I'm aware," Cedric patted him on the back, rather forcefully and Blake choked on his saliva upon the sudden assault. "Let's go to the library? Maybe we can get some schoolwork done."
“Do you keep them even after you rebel?” Sherlock asked.
“You did say I came to save you like a knight in shining armour. A poor one, ‘cause I don’t have a horse, but still --” the rest of his sentence was swallowed by Sherlock’s insistent lips, John’s grip on his waist tightening. It was just a tease, before Sherlock rolled his shoulders back, ready to hurry back into the warmth of the Shack.
“Alright, time out, you two,” he said, hopping off and sliding in the space between them. He also selfishly used this chance to touch Sherlock’s arm as a peace sign. It did have some effect on taming them. “I don’t see what the deal about you singing is Sherlock, but that’s your problem. Irene, don’t put him on the spot. If he doesn’t want to, he won’t.”
“It’s an experiment.”
, agree to, hm, date him? All in a theoretical and hypothetical sense of speaking, naturally. Jesus, now he was babbling to himself. His heart raced at the prospect of becoming something
“Doesn’t mean she can’t be in the same room as us,” John said in a singsong tone that meant that the debate was over. Sherlock huffed, defeated, and walked over to his bedside table to get the journal, falling onto his mattress next to John’s feet dramatically. “Oh, come on! She’s your sister, not an alien. Be nice.”
Sherlock did not care about the nicknames other students muttered under their breaths; it didn’t affect him directly and what good would it do? But apparently, John did care. He cared so much that he stuck out a leg in front of Anderson and he tripped, falling over and face-down. His classmates laughed, and the Prefect was furious.
“He takes care of the school grounds,” Greg explained, lifting his shoulders momentarily. “I was just as shocked. Never talked much with him but he seems nice enough.”
“No, just an angsty Canadian.”
“So you just bin it?” John made a movement with his wrist as though he threw a basketball. Sherlock looked at him strangely.
“Wait, you remember that?” Greg frowned, his spine straightening.  “What else do you recall?”
(See the end of the chapter for
All of a sudden, the hinges of the coffin lid creaked. Sherlock didn’t even have time to register John hauling him out of the coffin before the lid clapped shut loudly. Everybody stared at it like deer in headlights.
“Yes, I believe he had plans to take it further,” the Ravenclaw looked at his shoes. John didn’t like what it implied.
Take care and watch out for the Florida Man,
Blake turned the question upside down in his mind. How
“Promise to clean up afterwards? Any mess your party people make?”
“Well, this is awkward,” Dean muttered, making Sherlock snort. John and Sam stayed put, even though the latter looked quite comical holding a tiny teacup cupped between his large hands.
“Who?” John asked, confused.
“How generous of you,” Sherlock said dryly, lifting one eyebrow and John leaned in for a kiss. He hummed contentedly. “I don’t even have a ‘snuggly morning personality’, don’t be silly. I
He turned to Freddie, who walked towards their end of the stage, kneeling to get a better look at the two of them. “What’s brilliant, lover boys?”
Irene and Sherlock followed suit. Irene plucked up the courage and got a hold of imbalanced Belle and her huge gown by the ankles and swung her about like a mace. She squeaked on impact with Aurora and Jasmine, but they weren’t put off for long. That’s when Sherlock grabbed a pair of garden scissors (how did they end up here?) and
“Watch out where you’re going, freak.” It was Anderson. The two years older, still-bitter Hufflepuff Prefect that despised his skin since he had exposed him for stealing Potion ingredients and selling them in Knockturn Alley. Then last year, there was a confrontation during their ride to Hogwarts, which was interrupted by John (gladly welcome) and eventually Mycroft (dully and reluctantly accepted).
“The dead body of my enemy!” Irene said excitedly as Cas took the plastic body from her. He slowly turned it in his hands to scrutinise it.
“Sherlock.” John’s boyfriend looked up at the professional conman with bags under his eyes bigger than lake Michigan. “Do I look like I know the answer myself? Or that I care?”
“Irene is having a crisis because I’m taller than her,” Kate said smugly, her tongue sticking out of the corner of her mouth. She thanked Sherlock and sipped on the straw he put in her glass.
Sherlock bit his lip to prevent himself from cracking a smile. “Well, there you go. Sniff out your old friend, get your tooth back, relax on a beach. You’ve got harmonogram for half the week already.”
“Really?” Sherlock asked, huffing a nervous laugh. “Curious.”
“That doesn’t mean one person has to get sacked for the stupidity of this whole rivalry thing,” Selcout huffed, scratching at the side of his neck.
In the end, they did have a very happy, merry Christmas.
The door was locked, the lock wasn’t picked, and the window bore no signs of forceful entry either. It wasn’t exactly a homicide behind locked doors, but interesting nonetheless. His first murder case, and already so full of questions.
Cage wasn’t demonic or otherwise bound to the laws of the world Cas knew and understood -- then
It would almost seem that the heat melted not only ice cream and brains, but also all criminal activity. No cases, only boredom.
“They’re flavoured?” Greg gasped, immediately looking at the names of the flavours. “Pass me some mirror, quick! I found blackberry lips gloss!”
“Irene…” he trailed with a hint of edge to his voice, sitting on his knee folded under him.
John, who was driving, hit the gas as much as the golf cart allowed him, eyes focused on the road ahead. He nervously tapped his fingers on the steering wheel, desperately wanting to get out of there with his two other passengers.
“Tea?” he gasped, bumping his head on the metal frame of the bed. Irene grinned, stepping back to allow him to crawl from under the bed like some monster that creeps out kids and their dreams. They haven’t drunk proper homely tea in a few months.
Waiting for the Winchesters to return from their hunting trip in Florida, the trio of Irene, Sherlock, and John have to find something to pass the time. The boys help Cas buy clothes besides his dusty trench coat, and Irene and Kate go visit Jake to see whether he found anything incriminating on Mary. Also, Cas gets a pillow cat he names Beyoncé.
Before he could descend any further into those loathing thoughts, Mrs. Hudson interrupted him.
“I make a fuss out of everybody else’s birthday, constantly,” Greg conceded. “I just like to cherish others, is all.”
“Well, the bread got toasted enough for you to make your fingers meet the same fate, don’t you think it was
They rode through wide roads, swivelling among tall trees shading them from the rising sun and heat accompanying the hot giant. Ten minutes on the road, Sherlock pulled out the journal and put it on his thighs, studying creatures listed as the pages progressed. He read about pixies again, smiling at his own scribble of a writing where he added their weaknesses: shovels and any kind of sprays, though that could be an interesting experiment on its own. He grimaced when he saw the page on vampires, hoping they won’t get to meet those. The author inspected gnomes and jackalopes as well; they even tracked their whereabouts. That would be exciting, having a jackalope as a pet…
He nudged Sherlock again. “Or… we could cuddle on my bed, make out, and nap together?”
The dodo surged forward, purring as it rubbed against John’s legs, climbing in his lap. He huffed, falling on his butt and the dodo cuddled him, immediately friendly and trusting of this stranger. A crinkle appeared between John’s eyebrows, amused and fond. He petted the flightless bird, chuckling.
“That’s why we’re kidnapping you.”
His steps halted to a stop and he checked the time on his phone. “Let’s retrace our activities. We’ve bought chips and you a hot-dog. I gave mine to Grace, luring her and Redbeard closer to gain their trust. In the meantime you went to fetch us water, met Mike and Molly, and then came to the park. Given that we spent pointless minutes chit-chatting about why we need to keep the dogs, you should disperse your time more wisely.”
“Yeah, but it’s night and we’re alone. Hold on, lemme lend you some shorts. You’ll be more comfortable and sweat less.” He dove into his wardrobe only to resurface almost immediately. He held out a pair of bright orange shorts, the material soft like that of sweatpants. Sherlock frowned. “What?”
He got up, bare feet silently moving across the carpet covering the creaky floor. Eleven steps later, he flung himself onto his unmade bed, taking the journal out from under his pillow. He and Irene didn’t have much time to go over it, but seeing as she was gone and he had nothing better to do than hide like a coward from the presence of one particular Handsome Canadian™, he started reading it.
“I’m sick and tired of my being
“It’s not a skill that’s widely appreciated, but yeah,” Dean grinned.
“I’ll get the brooms,” Mrs Hudson sighed and disappeared back into the Shack without batting an eyelid.
! Sherlock didn’t want to face that. Not yet. He can’t have his happy bubble pop and shatter today. Not when he opened up his small, shy heart. What did people do when they wanted to have a serious talk? Speak in private. Exactly! Sherlock will be able to avoid it as long as they’re in company… And he won’t have to listen to John take back what he’d said, or talk down to Sherlock because he thinks he’s weak…
“So!” Gabe said cheerfully, clasping him on the shoulder. “What can I get ya -- OH FUCK.”
intrigued, but also confused. And I don’t feel like spending half a day inside some dusty archive sitting on my butt reading. I’d help, but I’m lazy today. I’ll wait until you piece it together and give me a summary. I can also make sure Greg doesn’t leave the house to bust you doing something incriminating.”
episode 6, chapter 5
But he hadn’t come there to admire Dumbledore’s books. Rather, he had come in order to be sorted to Hogwarts’ equivalent of his Ilvermorny House, Wampus. Dumbledore ran him through the basics, explaining how things work here, and to brace himself for N.E.W.T.s.
“No way, you’re our friend now. Sam and Dean are coming back to Oregon as soon as they’re done with the Mickey Mouse case, anyway. You’re welcome to stay for as long as you need.”
The bells chimed as the door opened and closed, and Sherlock faintly registered another pair of feet walking around aimlessly. The customer wouldn't bother them yet.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Diggory. The process to become an animagus is very long and difficult. Many things can go wrong, and you also have to register yourself with the Ministry.”
“Let’s find out. Red has been staring at us for the past three minutes. We owe him.”
“We’re going into the dungeons,” he murmured, resigned and not asking.
Irene’s positivity and diligence to find a solution never ceased to amaze Sam. But something about Marina shifted. “So we will be friends forever?”
“All of you,” was John’s answer, and it made Sherlock all the happier to oblige and not move. They fell into amiable silence once more until Sherlock paid attention to the music faintly playing in the background. It was streamed through John’s small portable speaker that lay on the mantle.
is superb, but what’s up with the commercials? Hoof Polisher? What’s next, a Nicolas Cage Barbie doll?”
The lady nodded and smiled. “Throw the bags in the back and come up front.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wait up!” Kate yelled in response, nudging Irene towards the pole. “You can slide down first.”
“Why not? You have the sweetest of tooths. I wonder how you have any teeth left. Oops, can’t English today.” And as such, she burped, and poured herself more slurpee liquid.
“Why not? It can draw in tourists!”
“I’m not answering that now,” John had said, but his heart jumped at the question.
Florida rolled his eyes. “I had no idea they invented a new measurement! I need the specifics, dude.”
“What’s his name?” Sherlock pushed, shifting his cap a little, wiping sweat away. This has not been mentioned in the journal, but it didn’t strike him to be
“Yes. That’s why I dip it in chilli sauce,” John said triumphantly, taking two bottles of sweet and extra spicy chilli sauce out of the fridge. One look at Sherlock told him that the boy was intrigued, watching him like a hawk.
“Oh, please no,” John winced, scrunching up his face in discomfort. Sherlock couldn’t help but giggle at that. He squeezed John’s fingers.
Irene turned down the radio volume as John drove onto the main road. The Shack was good fifteen minutes from the Mall. Plenty of time to chat about her favourite gossip column: her brother.
→ Rubeus Hagrid, gamekeeper = expelled but stayed in Hogwarts??
Their leader, a tall but thin man with broad shoulders, periodically ordered rounds of drinks for his kin. They kept to themselves playing cards or insulting each other, occasionally whispering and taking note of the pub’s patrons. Here and there one member of their vampire company would disappear for a few minutes after one of their interests left the pub, and came back looking refreshed.
“Therefore they couldn’t even hypothetically open it, because Salazar Slytherin was an orthodox pure-blood,” Sherlock finished, sounding satisfied. Then, his voice changed to an alarmed state once more.”But wait, who investigated it? The Ministry? The Professors? I don’t think there were competent people looking into the matter.”
in which there are preparations
The girls sighed in relief. Irene patted his coat. “That’s lovely. Oof. Can we go to your pocket universe and turn there?”
“You’re both unbelievable,” Mike shook his head, checking his wristwatch. “You still haven’t said who your friend is, John.”
“Don’t worry, I’ve done it plenty of times before. I once hopped onto a truck that transported chickens to Madison Prim, and I took the bus back. People didn’t care as long as I stayed near the door. I may have become an Internet sensation for a day or two.”
"I've just met your enemy," John said and drank some pumpkin juice.
“Are you aware of where we’re going?” Mycroft asked, voice low, eyes focused on paving a way out of the crowded platforms.
“Johnny boy,” Kate returned warmly, popping her lips. Suddenly, an idea came to him.
Shivers ran down Sherlock’s spine. Oh God. This wasn’t looking good.
“Everyone! It’s our Champion, Selcout!” he called out, and a couple of other Seventh Years approached him, most of the girls giggling and hiding their faces behind their school books.
“No no, it is fine!” Sherlock insisted, flailing his hands around. Irene watched her brother with a raised eyebrow, blowing on her nails. “That… that thing you did today, that was, uhm… good. Good, yeah. Thank you for helping out.”
“I think we’re ready,” Kate said as she inspected Mrs Hudson one last time, smiling at the woman warmly. Kate handed her a mirror. “What do you think, guys?”
“You’re welcome, Angel. Look, we need to lift our moods. I’ll show you Bible memes!”
Sherlock absent-mindedly followed the upkeeper to the stairs, his thoughts racing furiously to come up with a plan. Mrs Hudson was right - research and evidence were key to discovering the truth. So, that’s what he was going to do.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Not very convincing," said John. "Look, I only wanted to help you. It's not right to beat up a First Year. What did you even tell them?"
“Hello,” he said awkwardly. He walked to Sherlock’s deserted bed and sat on the edge.
And that will be on the *checks mental calendar* 25th! Stay tuned~
“And you do?”
Hermione was cut off by Sherlock. “Hermione Granger, Harry Potter, and Ron Weasley. The scar’s impeccable, and though news spread fast that you are now in hiding,” John’s eyes widened when he realised that their clients were indeed the famous Hogwarts trio, “the Dark Lord controls the ministry and hopes to find you, and kill you. A bit repetitive, if you ask me.”
“I agree with Sam,” Cas rumbled, placing a consoling hand on her shoulder. “It’s easy to overlook danger when you’re driven by compassion. You have a good heart, Irene. You’re not to blame for Marina’s deception. That jerk Jim might be, though. Whoever he was.”
“Trying to drive me out, huh?” Lestrade gave him a bemused look, and John looked disapproving himself. Why? It was perfectly logical that if he kept complaining, he could (and should) go. “Too bad. You’re not getting rid of this badger. Suck it up, Holmes.”
in which there's hotness
And now they stood in assembly on the porch, Mrs Hudson chirping excitedly about what shoes she should wear for Frank’s corpse dance and what flower shop in Florida they should visit. Irene and Sherlock nodded affirmatively to her plot of revenge, and Cas gave a suggestion or two when she asked which pair of shoes looked better for a graveyard soil walk of fame.
He left the room, putting the knife behind his belt as he went to wash his hands. Dirty business, all hellish things considered. Thankfully his own ‘damnation’ was upgraded and levelled not to be an inconvenience. He could take on Lilith or Lucifer on his own and get out with mere scratches, he was sure of it. Amateurs, that’s what the Divine Cunts were.
- commited the murder,” Sherlock said mildly. He stood up, taking the knife out of the Other Greg.
. Sherlock decided he was his arch nemesis from now on, just for the sake of it.
“Yep,” Blake said out loud, his gaze quickly jumping from Dumbledore to his knees, the realisation dawning upon him unpleasantly. Dumbledore huffed a laugh a shrugged, unfazed.
He smiled inwardly and hummed in agreement. “I was also pleasantly surprised when I discovered it a year ago. Never saw the show live, but this is enough as it is.”
“I still feel like a failure. I put us in danger.”
In spite of his grace flooding through his being, it felt distant and somehow charged with this muted chaos he couldn’t comprehend. And as a result, he felt lonely and out of touch with himself. Once, he had thought that losing said grace would be the end of his existence, that he’d go insane, but he hasn’t spent all that much time as a human prior to their confrontation of Lucifer and Michael to reflect on it in depth.
