“Angelo insists,” she smiles. “And says to say he is
Sherlock obeys mutely, letting John push him into a chair. He is a bit dizzy. John’s brought his messenger bag, a battered, grease-stained thing that’s seen a lot of cycling – and pulls out a fairly substantial first aid kit. Sherlock quietly watches as John snaps on latex gloves and slices away his purple sleeve at the shoulder. There is absolutely no tremor in his left hand.
Sherlock is no stranger to John’s nightmares, but he’s always been on the other side of a bedroom door – he’s never seen John so vulnerable and anguished, as if the pain he’s experienced can only manifest in his sleep… and to
devious.”
John doesn’t mention
John blinked at him in astonishment. “That was
“We should expect Magnusson to be crafting some interesting headlines about you in coming days.”
Despite her sudden warmth, John felt they had somehow failed a test. “I’m sorry we’re not…if we can help with…whatever it is… we will–”
The ache of his bruises faded from his thoughts as he basked in the warm energy moving through his hands, uniting the fibers. It almost felt like they were happy to be rejoined. The ghost of a smile reached his lips. The bold, yellow-eyed starling hopped closer.
“Hush. Take off your coat, let me see.”
“Look," Donovan sneers, "take some advice. Watch out for this one." She hitches her thumb at Sherlock. “Running around London like he’s some genius vigilante. Play with him and
“Should I be flattered that the occasion of my death brings you to me in the flesh?”
Several minutes later, he stills. The echoes reverberate into silence. The water has risen almost to his knees.
In the original ACD stories, Sebastian Moran was known as an expert marksman and big-game hunter.
“You’re a
“Sorry, couldn’t be free of me for long.”
“Learn… what?” John asked, feeling wrong-footed.
had left to holiday with his family in the Alps a week before. They had been clear, no attachments, no long-distance heartache. He wasn’t exactly in
“Go.” Their fists fly, landing on–
house?”
John looks at that future set before them like a delicate, crystalline structure that could fall apart with the slightest breath.
at the same time.
Kill two birds: Sherrin forgets the work, sounding like a paranoid nutter when he can recall anything, and Sherlock gets blackmailed to do anything they want in return for his brother safe and whole.
“Hmph. I thought not. Best remedy that quick-like.” William took an enormous breath, his tidy suit coat straining at the buttons, cheeks puffing out, then blew a warm gale over the table top. Sherlock smelled cinnamon as he was nearly blown backwards, the handkerchief-blanket flying off the table and remnants of the egg wobbling to the floor.
John stares hard at him, a pulse of anger and grief warring on his face, fists clenching. He bites out his words in a barely restrained roar. “I watched you
during their acquaintance is far shorter, though far more confusing to Sherlock, the night of tears being the most baffling. They had stood close together, tense, John soaking sherlock's shirt with his sobs. Sherlock had not been so much
“He was drugged.”
“Why are you so calm?”
“We can go, we can turn around right now and go back home. Or anywhere you like.”
Monitors beep, machines hum quietly. It’s been 48 hours and they still can’t wake him. The mania of activity has fizzled into a gray, ragged exhaustion, the frenzy in the lab with Molly analyzing toxicology reports, comparing, cross-comparing, consulting physicians, demanding new physicians. Tense phone calls with Mycroft as they tracked Mary into Belgium, lost her in Germany, found her again in Japan. She’s evaded Mycroft’s teams twice.
Sherlock gives him a small smile. “Yes, well done. What gave us away? I’ve been trying to keep my distance on purpose.”
Sherlock comes close, stoops to press their lips together, and at that moment a small explosion takes place in the baby’s tiny diaper, startling them both.
Mrs. Hudson breaks the connection and Sherlock is immediately aware that he and John are sharing a small portion of the bed in very close proximity. He launches away, picking up his damp towel on the way back to the bathroom, brusquely drying off his damp curls.
isn’t their style. There was a half-ogress in their group, did you know?”
She patted the moss to her left.
As way of answer, John hitches up his left pant-leg with a grin to show his own recently-applied wound dressing over the side of his calf.
had touched Sherlock.
Tobi smirked. “Of course, Sir, but it’s customary that you hear the alert yourself. You should hurry.” She arched her dark brows. “It’s a good one.”
“John–” he can see her eyes flick to the counter, taking in the ingredients for her recipe, the empty bottles. Her eyes actually pool with tears and for an instant, John has no idea if she’s also acting, if she’s genuinely pained by what she’s done, or if the two are so deeply intertwined that she could never know the difference herself.
He turned from his sentry duty to cast a worried look at Sherlock, sleeping dead to the world. He
“I…” Sherlock began hesitantly, “I fled my family’s estate. Five year ago. Dr. Watson,” he huffed, “this is tedious and we–”
“Oy? Oh yea, he covers for me when I’m at night class. Problem?”
“Sherlock,” he seethes, “don’t you
“I lost all my nerve,” John grimaces. “It had been weeks since I’d been by, and you were… well, it seemed like you were unhappy I’d come. You were so distant, so cold. I… just questioned everything. Again. Didn’t think you could possibly want what I wanted. So I didn’t say it, pushed it all down.
“And Hamish if it’s a boy.”
Leaning toward him, cupping his jaw, John says very quietly,
“Ah, that explains the sickness, I wondered. However did you manage that?” she asked mildly from her chair.
story.
“Tea?”
But his words choked in his throat as a huge, shadow-colored panther padded toward them through the open doorway. John gripped Sherlock protectively, but the man blinked unsteadily at the creature and
John’s arms are around him. With surprising strength, he pulls Sherlock off the cold floor and into his toweled lap. Though the smaller of them, John is somehow folding him tightly to his chest, planting hard kisses on brow and cheek, hands brushing aside hair to look into his eyes, assessing, fretful.
“Sorry to interrupt, old boy,” he said quietly, “but Mrs. Hudson really wants to get started.”
Full of dark magic.” He cast his eyes down. “Never deserved it, not any of ‘em.”
he’s had beans on toast for lunch that he didn’t enjoy,
John eyed him dubiously, but the man was right, they had no choice but to push on. “Hang in there. Soon as we’re settled, I’ll Expunge you properly.”
“This?” John geatures weakly to his chest, raises his eyebrows.
mind. Every nerve is aflame with new information, his mind combing through each facet of their lovemaking that he can reconstruct. The surge of hormones makes his recollection unreliable, but what he can recall with certainty he encapsulates in his mind palace. Just reliving it in his mind causes him to stir again, but John’s deep breaths tell Sherlock he will need to be patient for more discoveries.
. Christ, my little girl, her
The bloated hulks of zeppelins dotted the horizon, drifting ponderously toward their destinations. If he hadn’t known they were being pursued, wearing time-sensitive guises, and headed to an unknown safe-house, it would have been almost pleasant to stroll in the quiet of the morning and take in the sights with his new magical companion.
is the site of the murder? This
Snapping on pale blue latex gloves and dabbing at John’s wrist with an alcohol swab, he deftly inserts the IV and efficiently tapes it onto John’s skin. John frowns in his sleep and begins to roll roughly. Sherlock tenses.
“Just stay with her, soothe her,” John says, “I’ll take care of it.”
John went to the tray, returning to drape a dish towel onto Sherlock’s chest and settle next to him on the sofa with a warm bowl of fragrant soup. He scooped up a spoonful and held it out for Sherlock.
just down the hall.
“I’ve got your mobile charger, never fear.”
“Right then. Need anything else?”
She held up a hand, ticking off her fingers. “First, there was a young politician from the Queen’s own parliament. He’d been passing as a
seven times now, each night leaving behind increasingly puzzling data with his delivery. John the Pensioner Adrift in London, John
when the chemistry between them had shifted radically.
“It’s, yea, um, it’s magical. Mary, she’s fine, fine. Throwing up. Constantly.”
“Just bring that basket to the table, dear. Can you handle a mortar and pestle? We need to grind up the lot of it.”
Stuffing his worry into a far corner of his mind, Sherlock tugs back the crisp bag back and helps himself to a handful.
“I would have loved it,” John said, quietly aggrieved.
“Did that… really just happen?” John whispered hoarsely and frowning.
to succeed him. I have always suspected that she was terribly hurt he had not chosen her. At any rate, she surely could not have taken too kindly to your assassination of her father.”
time.” With each word, she strikes them on the arms for emphasis.
“It’s going to haunt me, though. Someday they’ll use them.”
That twitch of lips again. Sherlock wants to keep making that happen.
As if Sherlock has just mentioned it, an idea occurs to him.
Subject: 60!
In the cooling embers of what was once the steamer chest, thin green sprouts begin to push up from the glass shards between the coals, oblivious to their heat. They twine together, becoming thicker and interwoven, growing rapidly until they form the trunk of a tree in the center of the library, branches spiraling outward, brushing against the ceiling. Folded into the living wood are small artifacts, among them shards of a silver-spun glass egg; small blue stones that hold the exact texture of John’s kisses; acorns that carry the precise rhythm of his heart; the leaves patter together, whispering the words John has just spoken. Within the very whorl of the wood is the singed encryption of seven years’ buried love suddenly, fiercely ignited.
Mrs. Hudson eased into a chair with a sigh, looking more worn and several years older. “You probably drew on your deep, wild magic in your fright – it’s not uncommon for halfbloods, especially so near the Wall. Often the best powers only manifest during risk to life and limb, though I’ve never heard of teleportation. I’d have expected you to sprout spines all over your body, or conjure a giant balloon. To pass through the fabric of space requires an enormous amount of magical energy.”
“Sure. I haven’t heard of them being able to bug cars remotely yet.”
Relief continued to pour from John. Sherlock wondered if he should nag the man to further reinforce his shield, but realized it was actually quite fascinating to feel his shifting emotions.
Sherlock re-reads the awful email, hoping his snooping patron will see the double meaning meant for them:
“Yes, John, that’s just the philosophy in practice,” Mrs. Hudson beamed.
That was his
Mrs. Hudson dropped another handful of blossoms into her basket and nudged him again. John dutifully resumed. “This forest is much too small for them. Halfblood folk tend not to reside in the Islands, but often visit to replenish themselves. Bit like a lovely day at the spa – the resonance soothes and restores our wild magic.”
“–hello? Still with me?”
10.07.93   23:31
Feeling like he’s just swum the English Channel, John squints into the brightness and turns his head toward his friend. The tiny motion sends a terrific drumbeat of pain across his temple. From close by, Sherlock’s voice is sympathetic, though he’s grinning so hard his glittering eyes are almost lost in the folds.
Sherlock scrubs at his hair with irritation, but John rests a gentle, hesitant hand on the nape of his neck, stilling him. With a shudder, Sherlock breathes.
John holds the street door for him and they step out into the chilly evening.
Sherlock hits
it.” He flashes Sherlock a triumphant smile. “TD-10 is proceeding to human trials.”
“Screenings. Interviews, if you will, for the most powerful job in the Western World. Brooks was deeply taken by you. Your mental acuities suited his desire that the next Moriarty be as like him as possible. In an alarmingly short time, he had brought the League to very regrettable positions. Many long-standing members – some who had seen to the unraveling of Apartheid – had been corrupted for his purposes, others
“The Sherlock I knew would say that’s
John watched them go, feeling a surge of warmth for the woman, his mouth finally catching up with his mind, calling out, “Thank you – thank you for everything, Mrs. Hudson.”
A spasm of anxiety suddenly jolted from John. He cleared his throat. “I’m going to fall asleep in my chair unless I go to bed this minute.” He stood, yawning hugely and stretching the arm Sherlock knew ached with residual petrification from an old battle spell. “There’s two bedrooms – you want me to help you down the hall? I can take the smaller bed, upstairs.”
A shiver of fear goes up his spine. Is it the truth, or a power play? He can’t tell – it’s like she’s wearing an impenetrable mask. His stomach drops. The
Smiling faintly down at him, Sherlock scoops up the mug, presses it into his hand, and continues to read.
“You’re welcome, kiddo,” Sherrin says quietly, giving him a squeeze. “And I’m sorry.”
the halfblood.”
“Remarkable,” Sherlock breathed, pushing the hair back unsucessfully. “Such attention to detail…”
“Then why–” John cut in.
at his side. They dawdle in the foyer waiting for a server. Sherlock feels an effervescent ripple pulse up his arm as John casually twines his fingers into his own.
“They…
A bowl the size of a bathtub was placed before them, rattling the table. Their eyes widened as they took in the size of the eggs.
Sherlock sidles back up to John and begins to fuss with his shirt buttons. “I want to know that when I unbutton one of your plaids, or you wash me in the bath, we’ll see this mark, meant just for each other, above the scars that prove we lived to be worthy of it. When we sleep with my front curved to your back, the marks will align, or nearly.”
“Only from your arse!” Sherrinford yells, cackling at Mycroft’s murderous look as he turns abruptly and slams his bedroom door. A moment later it’s flung open again, the scone hurtling through Sherlock’s doorway, before dramatically slamming again.
~ o ~
“Hush. Sherlock, how did you get that bruise on your chin? I can see it under your beard.”
“Nothing. They appear, for all the world, like perfectly amicable siblings. Their last interaction on Facebook was a string of Monty Python quotes.”
Sherlock sat very still. With a deep breath to ground his nerves, John began to sing a low note deep in his chest. The drone swelled, filling the tent, the vibration palpable. He hummed a second note in his throat, harmonizing perfectly with the first, thrilling as the spell took shape beneath his fingertips hovering over the iron collar.
It still worries his heart to be holding John without his permission, but he can’t stop himself. The smell of him, the firm curves of his chest and arms, the scratch of his cheek stubble against his own. He is
“I was angry when I didn’t have answers. Or thought I knew, and they were all wrong. Sherlock, you have only ever tried to protect me. You’ve been at this tirelessly, hurt in ways I can’t even imagine. I hope, one day, you’ll share more about your time as Moriarty.” He gives Sherlock a meaningful look. “No matter how difficult.
She smiles, relieved. “Well, if that’s all, why not? But John, forgive me for asking, can you afford it on what you’re making? I understand Sherlock is volunteering, not really a proper paid job at all.”
or as good as.
“John, our appointment with Henri was a big step.” He lightly brushes his fingers over John’s left pectoral where his tattoo sits freshly healed over his scar. Sherlock’s own mark is near his heart, the bullet scar disappearing into the whorls of ink.
“Let me through, damn you. I don’t care if you haven’t finished clearing the area. I’m the sodding
“But when
John turns sharply, finally looking at him.
Cheering, Lissa squirmed out of his arms and ran across the garden, disappearing into the cottage, singing about biscuits.
“Look, Dada,
John holds his stare, clenching his jaw. His eyes drift down to Sherlock’s chest where the ancient, droopy pajama shirt gives a glimpse of the raw, pink, newly-healed scar tissue by his breastbone.
“I was going to tell you everything. But...”
Sherlock’s eyes jump to him and he bites his lips.
“Third: you were infected with a deadly virus. You only had the first symptoms, the fever and malaise. We were able to administer the antidote through your morning tea before the paralysis kicked in and ceased your breathing.”
“You look refreshed. We always do seem to find our rhythm here.”
Sherlock slips into his mind palace and heads directly to John’s wing. He opens the sturdy steamer trunk storing all of the confusing deductions he’s made of John over the years, the collection growing larger of late: certain looks, sentiments expressed, an unexpected touch. It had all been so mixed up with John’s justified anger at the false suicide, the ridiculous wedding planning, and the constant threat of Mary that Sherlock silently struggled to disarm, always playing John’s amiable best man. To be anything other than that would have meant immediate threat to John’s life. Mrs. Watson was very clear about that.
To: redbeard001@ox.edu
John whispers fiercely,
Frustrated, but not defeated, Princess Toria had become curious if wild magic could be removed, much like a malfunctioning cog or an inflamed appendix, rendering halfbloods harmlessly mundane. The Princess conducted dozens of examinations, dissections and experiments. She became quite adept at extracting the vile wild magic, but alas, no subject survived her procedures. Her failure came during a time of bitter change: the Queen, her royal Mother, had fallen from her flighty new horse and died.
He swallows hard, sobering. “It was very important that you regain consciousness today. So yes. I was…
While Sherlock stares out the window, she sterilizes one more set of glassware, wraps back up in her coat and scarf, and gives his shoulder a squeeze as she passes. He catches her hand.
Reluctantly, Sherlock locks eyes with him. John inhales a big, loud breath and exhales it with force onto Sherlock’s face. After a few of these, he feels his husband’s chest begin to follow his rhythm, his own exhales becoming strong on John’s lips. The panicked-animal eyes begin to soften, reason returning. John slides one hand from its grip on the wall to lightly stroke his neck and surreptitiously feel his pulse.
With a jolt, John realized how much he’d
“Must’ve helicoptered them in from London,” John smirks.
“He danced circles ‘round all of you.”
“Sherlock is fine.”
And then Sherlock is leaping forward, time slamming into his senses at full speed. He doesn’t remember jumping, but he can see John sliding, feel his fingers clamped onto John’s leg, his own knees and heels digging into the sod, gravity and momentum fighting to pull all of John’s weight from his fingertips.
“Pleasure to see you, too, Jory.”
“What am I looking at?”
Rosamund is crumpled on the bedroom floor, her weapon – heavy, security-guard issue – loosely held in her fingers. Her body is limp.
Dutifully, Sherlock carries Melissa into the hall, John close behind, thumping down the suitcase.
Lestrade thought bitterly.
“She’s uncanny, that one.” John emanated a particular warmth when speaking of their host.
It was quite a tricky bit of labyrinth that Lune hopped you through.”
much our fight.”
Lestrade sighed wearily.
“So... in the hospital. You bloody
“You’d be
Eleander has done wonders with the menagerie. Sherlock leaves him five jars of freshly-harvested honey as a small token of his thanks. One evening, while they stroll the paths, John brushes his hands over the conifer mermaids, memory dawning in his eyes, and turns to Sherlock, his voice wistful.
“Now Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson continued as if she hadn’t been interrupted, “you should read the account of my journey to the Qing Empire – it’s where I found Lune when he was barely more than an orphaned kitten–” Mrs. Hudson winced as she got up from her perch on the arm of the sofa to pull a volume from the shelf.
It is a precious sight. Certainly, he has seen Sherlock asleep: balled up on the couch after a strop; recovering in hospital; even sharing a bed while on a case that required travel and close quarters.
While still a young, reclusive Princess, Toria’s brilliant clockwork had so impressed her royal parents that she’d been given a full experimental laboratory. No expense was spared. No request was too outlandish.
“Deconstructing them tested even my considerable mental abilities – I had setbacks. There was also the corruption to unravel. The destruction of Jim Brook’s time will be felt for generations, I fear. Many machines have been set in motion that they will struggle to correct for decades to come.”
the voice purred, but with a hard edge his groggy mind thought best to mollify.
“Oh fine,
“Yea! Take
“And certainly, your chosen method of transportation, while fueling your need for a bit of adrenaline, must also have its hazards. How’s your leg?”
There was a splintering crash behind him as the tree fell to the forest floor. John saw the glow of flame bright on the trunks before him and coughed in the thickening air.
An expression as feral and eager as Tallack’s crossed Tobi’s
. There’s something I need to tell him.”
“You did this… for me?”
John grins, threading his arm around Sherlock.
“Need to catch her by surprise, let her think she’s back in control. That tracker can barely last two more days. She must think she’s untraceable as soon as possible. It’s the only way.”
“John,” Sherlock says deeply, all playfulness gone, “John Hamish Watson, I love you. I want you in my life for all of it, at my side, in our bed, raising our child, loving me. Beneath this tree, which is a perfect metaphor for the depth and strength of my love for you and the heights we have yet to reach, I pledge my whole self to you. Utterly.”
John. It’s too dangerous. Because of me, you were nearly locked into a coma
Hands grip him, lifting his head above the surface. Warm arms wrap around his back, squeezing him fiercely. John sucks in breath raggedly, blinking water out of his eyes. But even if he were blind he’d know. Though drenched in the foul water, the scent of Sherlock is strong as John lets his head drop onto his friend’s shoulder. He lets out a huff that’s almost a laugh and mostly a sob. Sherlock, whose feet can touch the bottom, is panting as if he’d run a long distance to the well before clambering down. The rumble of his deep voice is muffled, vibrating against John’s chest.
“Right… so it was… what day is it? Last Thursday, maybe? Your last IV antibiotics session. Mary was due to pick me up afterwards for an obstetrician appointment. I was nervous as hell. The longer I stayed here, the more my convictions returned, but when I thought about the baby, I’d get so confused.
While there is a Triton Fountain of mermaids in Regents Park, I have no idea if little children splash in it on hot days, though I very much hope they do. On a trip to London several years ago, I overheard a little girl in Green Park chasing after a pigeon by the Canada Memorial. This bit is wholeheartedly true:
“S’a good idea,” he nods. “Oughtta tell Molly and Mrs. Hudson in person, though. Or they’ll be
Mrs. Hudson waved away his thanks, yawning hugely behind her delicately-boned hands. She looked wilted.
“Why?”
Turning, John saw his companion several paces behind him. The-man-who-was-not-Sherlock stood rooted to the ground, staring intently out at the skyline. A white-knuckled fist gripped the bridge railing. The fingertips of the other hand grazed his bare neck.
Sherlock squeezes John’s hands.
The little clock on the bedside reads 1:14 am. John closes the notebook with a long sigh. Sherlock hasn’t uttered a word through the whole thing, rapt, lost, deep inside the story –
Eleven years ago, a long and prosperous career lay ahead of young Jim Brook.”
“This concoction is remarkable.” He nodded at the bowl. “I feel as if I could fly to the coast and back.”
After class, the schoolyard had buzzed with the news. Johnny had pushed through the crowd of whispering children and run, as far and fast as his feet could take him, trying to outrun the tangled knot in his chest.
Sherlock pulls a heavy marble mortar and pestle from under a stack of books. “Now, first things first. Your assumption that John forgot the details of my shooting due to shock was ludicrous.
“Alright, so what was it, then?”
John storms out of the doctor’s office three steps ahead of Sherlock, shoving at the glass-plate door harder than necessary.
no it wasn’t,” John says a little over-emphatically. Pink spots have appeared on his cheeks. His glossy eyes and softening precision make Sherlock grin inwardly. John is fascinating when he is drunk, his hard edges becoming putty.
Ferocity and excitement crackled from John. Though the healer tried to keep his face composed, pink spots appeared on his cheeks.
“What are their intentions?”
“I remember,” John chuckles. “It always helped. And yes. I... I heard music, where I was. You and your crazy sister were playing duets while she plotted to destroy us.”
With a knowing nod, she squeezes John’s hand, gathers up the empty dishes scattered on the workbench and bustles out, but not without a healthy wink at John.
“I told you, I feel fine – better than fine.”
Which is
“Do you have any lube?” John calls out too-loudly.
“Oh. Right. That’s good then, looking for your own kind,” John babbled, pushing down a pulse of disappointment as he realized this wild creature was already slipping away from him. Though they weren’t touching hands, John nervously tried to quiet his embarrassing thoughts. With the collar broken and his magic unhindered, Sherlock might be able to perceive his thoughts without touch.
See you late. As late as you like.”
John’s feet suddenly slide out from under him and he hits the frozen ground hard. Cursing, he picks himself up. It’s the fourth time he’s fallen. This is ridiculous. It’s been snowing and melting and freezing for days, so there’s a hard, slick layer of snow on the path. The chaos of frozen footprints and a thousand hoof-prints are a perfect puzzle that has Sherlock riveted. He’s been following one particular boot tread through the whole trodden mess.
“You,” John says with grinning disbelief as he peels off his coat, “a
No matter. Sharing a bed in a crowded inn is a perfectly chaste and acceptable thing between mates – no different from sleeping back to back in a small tent…
“I’m retiring,” Sherlock says bluntly.
, you can really
Sherlock frowned at him. “My playing was both technically perfect and emotionally moving. Yes, it was beautiful.”
though Irene hasn’t come up since his return to 221B. This is what they are, and if this is Sherlock’s family, well, it’s more than he ever could have dared hope for.
Sherlock’s eyes flick to John’s, who knows exactly what he’s asking. His stomach twists. He nods, minutely. Sherlock tightly twines his fingers into John’s.
“Oh, don’t play dumb, Sherlock.” She rolls her eyes. “It doesn’t become you.”
John startles awake with a gasp. He peers into the dark.
Sorry, if I don’t leave now I’ll be late. Big presentation today. Hope I make it out alive! (lol) Looking forward to hearing about your breakthrough.
“Here’s a little secret of my own. You remember my horrible excuse for a stag night, I hope? Haven’t erased it?”
John’s eyes fly up to meet his again, blinking rapidly.
“I’ll be sure to tell it,” John said faintly. He cleared his voice. “So this must be your… bridge?”
“So? What do you say? Partners?”
Sherlock has removed his reading glasses and rests against the pillows with his eyes closed, face relaxed as he listens to John reading from the black, leather-bound journal he’d given him four summers ago.
John thought with a shiver. He covered it with a scoff. “Come off it, man. I’ve seen a lot of mossy stones and petrified soldiers. I’m sure you’re much closer to the action than a tired old healer.”
Sherlock was vaguely aware of John’s thoughts fluttering urgently against his mind, but now that he'd built a proper magical block, Sherlock couldn’t hear him clearly without contact.
When a spasm of coughing dangerously wobbled his flight, Sherlock had his first pang of doubt, which spoke in his brother’s arrogant tone:
. I was chained and the water was rising and…” Fumbling, John pulls aside the blanket to inspect his right leg, which should, by his account, be purpling with bruises where he kicked against the cuff. But his skin is plain, unmarred. He huffs, shaking his head with disbelief.
“As expected. I’ve visited several all over the world. This one is in my charge.”
“But, in the Cloud district, we weren’t near the Wall. At least, I don’t think we were.”
“They’re calm now. They’ll be highly agitated by the sight of a sudden Netter patrol and tell me.”
Sherlock:
Though he has taken immaculate care of John, Sherlock hasn’t changed his own clothing, hasn’t slept since the first nap, hasn’t shaved, has hardly left this room and not once left the flat. He’s been subsisting on the baked goods and pots of tea Mrs. Hudson leaves outside his bedroom door. Despite his original plan to only eat what John is eating to better monitor his needs, he had noted the increasing protests of his transport, his caloric need obviously more demanding than one who is sleeping soundly all day. He takes a blueberry muffin from his dressing gown pocket and eats it in three bites.
Just like in the movies. The cabbie revs away and keeps a professional distance between them, apparently eager for a little adventure in her night. It is ridiculously easy.
, John.” His whisper is fierce and choked.
Distractedly, Sherlock obliges. Just as he’s settled himself on the bed, Sherrin swoops over him, pressing something damp against his neck.
“Just glad you got
Lestrade jumps from the chair and rounds on him, gripping him by the shoulders. “To think we all sat through that wedding like it was perfectly normal. Christ, what you’ve been through. And Sherlock out there with snipers tailing us for
“Mrs. Hudson, please – it’s alright, please sit–”  Geoffrey rumbles, regaining all of his honor, in Sherlock’s eyes, as he guides her by the elbow to John’s chair and quietly appraises her of the night’s events. She cries out, wrings her hands, but listens raptly.
“Yes,” he furrows his eyebrows, puzzled, “we’ve covered that.”
The starlings had returned to feast on the fallen apples. Several flitted through the branches of the tree. Johnny quietly addressed them like friends, a lonely habit he’d fallen into after the move. “Of all the Five Blessed Magics, I get stuck with stupid
“Your work was revolutionary, Sherlock, but you were among a sizable staff of brilliant scientific minds developing a variety of secrets. These…
John’s tight smile abruptly fell as soon as Kinsey had gone inside.
Several pans later, John surfaced from his trance with a shuddering breath. He had done his best to pull as many of the pathogens as he could from Sherlock’s lungs and other tissues, allowing his weakened immune system to clear out the rest without being overwhelmed.
Mycroft sniffs. “The greatest minds in modern medicine have yet to crack this code. What on earth makes you think a fifteen-year-old can do it? You’re simply in denial brought on by shock.”
Frozen, he watches as John’s slide stops and the camera lurches backwards, recording Sherlock’s frantic attempts to tug John back up onto the ridge. He can hear their heaving breath, sees pieces of shoulders and torsos, dusty and slightly blood-smeared. His voice, cracking and strained, repeats “I’ve got you,” over and over, the lens pitched up at the sky.
“With the
It seemed so
the brother?” John asks, a little breathless.
Sherlock pulls John closer to him, gray and mute. What he needs is sleep, but there is little chance of that tonight.
“S’good to shiver,” he reasons. “Shivering is heat. Not shivering’s dead.”
There’s nothing left to say. Sherlock forces his leaden feet to turn away from this predator and walk stiffly back to the entrance. When he glances back, the sidewalk is empty, no sign of the girl in the business suit. He glances down at the slip of paper in his fist, the crushed candy in the other.
healer. The very best and bravest, it was hinted, could hope to join the Queen’s Perfect Men.
In a daze, John obediently sat at her table and began crushing handfuls of the cinquefoil blossoms in the stout stone mortar he found there, dimly aware that a primordial forest was growing invisibly all around them.
“Of course not!” Sherlock looked aghast. “Can you imagine how risky befriending humans would have been for a hidden halfblood child?”
John laughs, exasperated. "Oh – fine. We’re remedying this tonight.”
so I focused on weaving what little facial hair I had, then tapped into the
“They want another.” Sherrin grimaces and Sherlock’s stomach flips. “It’s a real corker – isolate a newly-formed memory and block it.”
“No. Don’t get up, please.” He swallows. “I didn’t know if I’d have enough time. But Melissa, poor love, she just kept crying and crying – it confused Rosamund. For an instant I was back at Magnusson’s, but this time I stood a chance. A small chance. The stakes were so much higher.
Of course. It’s so very simple. The steps are right there, all he has to do is dance.
“Shield,” Sherlock muttered wearily, scowling at the product of his magic. “I must be weak, indeed. It’s supposed to be solid. No matter, we’re completely invisible inside it.”
Sherlock gasps awake, sliding out of the bedside chair. His brother’s quick hand catches him.
“Wha, can’t you smell Netters?” William looked at him incredulously.
“It was most assuredly real, John.”
With a twirl of Mrs. Hudson’s agile fingers, a fire crackled in the cold hearth as merrily as if it had been burning all morning, the flames licking at a large iron kettle suspended on a hook. Her hands whisked outward and the heavy velvet curtains pulled back tidily from two large windows, letting the morning sun stream into the flat. A snap toward the kitchen sent mugs, a pitcher of milk, and a tin of tea flitting through the air like a flock of starlings. They settled on a table between two comfortable chairs by the fire.
“Oh. Yea, to this route, anyway,” he replies, handing Sherlock the paper sack. “Started covering for the usual guy tonight. Hope it didn’t take too long.”
“Could be interesting,” Sherlock hummed as he washed his hands in the basin. “We’d drift out to sea. I always wanted to see a kraken.”
After a moment, John nodded, taking his fingers away and shaking out his hand.
“That’s what it looks like on the
She smiled at him warmly. “Your young man is quite taken with you. Undercover halfblood in the Queen’s Men. Saved him from the collar, drowning,
“Not Faerie
Sherlock’s jaw cracked with a sudden and enormous yawn.
at this.” He tapped the dome with his fingernail and whistled. “How’d you avoid capture all this time?”
serum fried his bloody brain while he was driving.”
“Oh? And what guidance can you give me?
“Sherlock, Jim’s unexpected suicide has set something in motion.”
John’s voice is choked, his eyes pulled back to the healing wound.
Tallack nodded absently, then grimaced a crooked smile that showed both sharp canines and made Lestrade shiver. “Got a new toy that’ll be quite handy with a flyer. I intend to snare ‘im myself. That’d be a fine trophy to bring back to the Queen.”
“What?” Sherlock stops mid-towel, scowling. “But you need to get back to Rosie.”
“Sherlock, I have to ask. When you... came back. From your Fall. Did you know she would be here? Did you know what she was then?”
“Well, I’m chuffed to bits. Didn’t think you remembered it.”
makes him miss Rosie with a pulse. Lately he’d been handling her bedtime bath while John cooked dinner.
To John’s astonishment, the fire cat jumped and disappeared in a spray of sparks. She was just
“Ta, well, good evening. Enjoy your… banana.”
John caught his breath and looked up at the forest around them.
“Really, John it’s just basic procedures,” he says, half-distracted by his checkup. “I observed your doctors. And I’ve watched you for years. I did my research, I know what I’m looking for.”
Sherlock swiftly closes the distance between their faces and John gives a surprised little gasp against his mouth. Sherlock’s lips are on his own. Moth-wing soft. He cups the curve of John’s skull and pulls him closer. John runs his hands into Sherlock’s damp, unkempt curls and melts into him.
“Oh. Oh wow. I’m.
“Sherlock!” There was no answering cry.
Sherlock inhales hard, a sob catching in his throat. “John,” he rumbles hoarsely. “Yes. Always. I’ve loved you. Since the beginning.”
“My employer is known for his rampant, closeted alcoholism. He will admit to anything if he fears he acted while clouded by intoxication. As for the Collective, they have not been made aware of a third Holmes brother becoming a low-level aid to one of their number. Aids are faceless and change positions constantly. I have an exit strategy and my trail is impeccably clean.”
, John marvels. This side of Sherlock, it’s still so mysterious to him. What is he comfortable with, what questions should he be asking? But something keeps pulling his thoughts away, nagging at him like a burr.
To the seven or so people in the universe keeping an eye on this story, firstly THANK YOU I'm grateful for each and every one of you and secondly SORRY I fell off the map for a bit. Summer is nutty, this section is angsty and hard, but I’m on a peaceful little holiday and getting some writing in while the hubs and boy-o go gallivanting. (High tide is literally lapping at the dock outside my window, and that BREEZE.) Hopefully I’ll be able to post a few shorter chapters while I’m away. (Damn but I love writing young Sherlock.)
and running through the woods with some pretty boyfriend, and here I am taking advantage of your skills again, to bail me out of a tight spot with another shady crew. Teenagers should not be mixing up recipes for spies on their summer holidays.” He smiles ruefully, ruffling Sherlock’s hair. “I know you think it
Propping the broth between his knees, Sherlock leans toward John.
“No, thank you,” Sherlock said around his own enormous yawn.
John breaks their kiss apart long enough to coat his palm with their saliva, then grips them both in his hands, tugging rhythmically. Sherlock’s fingers dig into his back, keeping him securely planted in his lap while they roll together. Grinning into John’s mouth, a bubble of brilliant laughter suddenly wells up from him, spilling out.
Holding the bottle for the hungrily-suckling baby, Sherlock shrugs.
Mrs. Hudson huffed a tired sigh. “Oh my dear, there is
. I believe abdication by death is still recognized by The Elders.”
select club is highly exclusive. They would never admit a junior member such as myself. My contact has been invaluable and with her guidance I sought employment in the House of Commons as aid to a certain long-standing member. I rose quickly through the ranks of his staff and was able to access information, manipulate correspondence. As for these,” he rattles the microphones and gives a small, rueful smile, “he gave the order, though he is not yet aware of it.”
Don’t do that.”
“Go be with Rosie, I’ll be done this before the hour’s end. We need to be at Euston station by 7.
Sherlock nodded, savoring the tingly sensation that spread from his belly into his limbs. He flexed his fingers experimentally.
“I was terrified, John. I
The Netters were running down the alley now, the clank of their boots reverberating off the brickwork. Panic lanced up John’s sides.
“Yes – right.
“They why would the victim’s wife accuse her brother-in-law of foul play?”
“Sherlock, what did you do, chase some purse-snatcher down an alley and get yourself cornered?”
John pulls his mobile from his pocket. Smirking at Sherlock, surrounded by so much love, he snaps a picture.
They proceed to dare one another to eat spoonfuls, finally abandoning the curry half-full, noses running, eyes streaming, cheeks blazing red. Despite the light mood, Sherlock monitors John closely. Beneath the good humor, he is taught as a bowstring.
Sherlock ducks his head. “I might, if it dealt with why you had seemed to abandon me in my grief for two years.”
“Sherlock, I’m not some pawn you can bandy about,” he whispered sternly, amazed at his boldness so close to this wild creature. “I help you with my
He was right, of course. Rolling his eyes, Sherlock accepted the bite of the rich, earthy broth. It was delicious.
“So she’ll come back to finish us off.” He’s pulled his mobile from his dressing gown pocket, texting rapidly above John’s head. John twists out from under his arm and sits up with a huff.
“Hear you,” John mumbles weakly against his shoulder, and rallies his hands to briefly squeeze Sherlock’s back.
They continued their companionable bickering on the return shuffle, Sherlock sagging into John as his energy waned, tumbling back onto the sofa. His heart thudded quickly from the small effort and his head swam.
“Tallack,” Lestrade called over. “Have you sent the images of the healer to your commander?”
“Rosamund! For god’s sake,” Magnusson cries angrily, “what did you go and do that for?”
The sleeping baby is efficiently secured into her carseat, the luggage stowed, and with kindly farewells, the Watson-Holmes family, just six hours old, heads for home.
“How can you tell?”
Thank you all so much for reading along with me as I wrote. This has been a total joy and your encouragement and love of the story lifted me up and spurred me on. Next, I'm headed into a magical Johnlock world, adding more chapters to The Man in the Iron Collar.
“Yes, yes, I know that,” John says testily. “
“Sherlock! Get me out of here!” His voice pitches high, cracks as the skull drops from his fingers into the water which is now just below his waist, the cold of it biting into his legs and wracking his body with shivers. He wraps his arms around himself and paces in the small circle the chain allows. This lunatic may have more than short-term suffering in mind for him.
His hand looks so small on the hospital sheet. With a guilty look at his unconscious face, he folds John’s hand in his two large ones and very, very lightly holds it to his cheek.
“Yea,” John grimaces. “M’sure it was bloody
Angelo pours them wine and bustles off with another wink.
“How sweet, dear,” she pats his arm. “As if that will work.”
Sherlock held up a hand to stop him. “It’s… fine. You
“It’s Gran. They’re bringing her here tomorrow. To stay.”
The spots on his ribs ache where John’s strong fingers had caught him. He'll have bruises by morning.
~ o ~
“The immune benefits are endless! Not to mention the bonding I’d have with the baby. Of course, John, there is no reason at all
“Yet you do,” the medium said smoothly, folding his arms across his chest and grinning. “Bit risky as a military man, Dr. Watson.”
“I’ll just. Um. Tea.” Sherlock darts to the kitchen, casting a look back at John as he goes, tripping on the carpet. He fumbles through the dishes in the sink, extracting two mugs, and busies himself washing them.
He feels warmed by the idea of John secretly observing him. He is not accustomed to being the one under scrutiny.
“I... I can’t tell–” Sherlock stutters, “If you received them during your rescue, or our lovemaking.”
if you go around calling me a proper, fancy name like
“Easy there,” John gently steadies him with a strong hand.
himself to look like a different person had never resulted in any change to his appearance. Now he understood why. He had to tap into his mundane magic as well.
“Not sure… been dreaming about it. Doesn’t make any sense.” He slumps at his desk, raking his hair with his fingers. Sherlock hurriedly picks up bits of cold egg from the carpet, the scribbled formula coming to life in his mind.
John’s taken on the 2am feeding, saying his insomnia ought to be put to good use. Since the attack, he rarely sleeps.
foremost,” he scolded gently.
“John!” The joy in Sherlock’s voice squeezes something inside his chest. It’s the delight he only ever hears when Sherlock’s solved a really tricky 9, or discovered a string of serial suicides have turned serial killer, or when…
were just
Lestrade had carefully schooled his face into a blank mask, but felt horror churn in his gut as he stood among the rows of hundreds of sparking glass bottles.
Hugs to you all. This has been magnificent.
Sherlock watches, bemused, as their golem-sized guard gives John a salute, then turns and shuts the door, melting back into Baker Street.
“Yes.”
“Don’t you
Tallack gave the Scutter’s Dome a frustrated shake, desperate for it to sense the halfblood’s wild magic again, but its trapped energy was a dim ember inside the glass.
Please note that the end of the last chapter has been adjusted – nothing plot-shattering – just some character interactions that tie into this chapter. You might want to go back and read the end of Sherlock and John's scene in the flower shop. :}
his. He desperately wants to kiss his parted lips, but can’t bring himself to break the spell. While they have been sleeping in their guarded cocoon, Rosamund has been moving ever closer. Who knows when he’ll rest again.
“But it was all so bloody real... so
“There she goes again! She can get quite upset, though I get her settled soon enough – such a lovely, distractible age. She’s been having a time of it with my measuring cups.”
“Is it
John gave Sherlock a meaningful look. “And as Mrs. Hudson suggested, it really was much easier starting with a single trait.”
John nods warily, wincing and rubbing his forehead. The headache won’t budge. Sherlock notices and begins working on his temples again. John hums appreciatively and relaxes against his chest.
The Netter cackled viciously. “Nice try, ya foul cur. Got another signature – Lestrade, bring the globe this way!”
“Okay, but that spell-song took ages to get the hang of. This just
“Alright, alright, I’m just trying to find a pattern, that
“Mage team – one from each of the Five Skills.” He pointed to a painted figure towering over them. “See the
,” he muttered around his last mouthful.
(See the end of the chapter for
John pushes himself up with a sharp intake of breath. His eyes settle on Sherlock. When he finally finds his voice, it’s barely a whisper.
what time is it?” He whirls, seeing the clock. “Shite shite shite I’ll have missed the bloody train–”
The round-faced priest had left the students with a sermon, in an attempt to calm their fears for their fallen classmate.
Sherlock turns back, obeying, perches awkwardly on the edge of the narrow bed, piercing eyes reading him, eyebrows puzzled. “Yes, sorry. I’m here.”
“She will be brought to a private, highly secure location and cared for during the length of her pregnancy while undergoing trial. If she is found guilty for her many serious transgressions, as we all know she will, she will be removed to a high-security prison after the birth of the child. It goes without saying that she will be found unfit to have custody of the baby.”
John pulls his eyes away, stares out the window, covers his mouth with the back of his fist, eyes filling.
“Divisionists sounds much better,” Sherlock groused, but studied the mural with more interest. “The Divisionists… ahem. The
John unbolts the door and Geoffrey storms into the flat looking furious and somehow smaller in his civilian clothes, gun drawn.
“Sherlock. She’s got John.”
“John?”
Queen’s Men in full raid mode lined the perimeter of a muddy field at the edge of the little town, eyes staring out and hands clasped lightly, at the ready for defensive spellwork. Not that much was happening. The crowd had fled, leaving a pitiful scree of litter among the silent tents, several of which had collapsed. The guilty elephants were peacefully eating dinner in their enclosure.
“Well then, back to your summer extracurriculars. Do warn me if any poisonous gasses are released, hm?”
“But John assures me we will remedy this after you leave.”
John warily eyed the boiled harpy egg, but Sherlock’s hunger was fierce and he dug in, finding it creamy and delicious. John’s hesitation evaporated and between them they ate an entire peppered egg.
Small birds tittered in the branches above his head and the air hummed with bees and darting insects. In a daze, he followed the panther across a thick carpet of moss and into a sunny glade.
He pulled a deep breath, shuddering through John’s childhood grief.
Her apiary was his favorite, full of hives where she cataloged and organized her dreams. They made the best stories. As a boy staying for a weekend, he’d beg for another and another while helping himself to more honey cake.
In the pale pre-dawn light, the fire cat leaped between two lantern posts, swirling the fog as she alighted. John watched her raptly, still dazed to be suddenly out in the open air,
John thought of the man’s pale, terrified face and pitied him.
“Did we–” John sputtered. “Did we just
But they were still
Kinsey shook his head and stood erect, shuttering the fear John had plainly seen a moment before. “It’s nothing, I’m just knackered. Too much sun, I guess. Stay, enjoy yourself. But don’t bother going in there. It’s rubbish, like I said.” He attempted a wry grin, but it soured on his stricken, sunburned face.
Thank you for your patience! Half of the summer has flown by in a whirlwind that has kept me far from my computer, as it has a tendency to do. Please know that this chapter briefly deals with the fear of drowning. It does not end in quite as harrowing a cliff-hanger as the last one.
John returns Sherlock’s squeeze, then reclaims his hands, reaching for his tea and sipping it for a while, eyes unfocused, gathering his thoughts.
Lestrade shifts to the edge of his seat.
“Right then. Going to need a few stitches. If you like, I can finish the job, unless you have someone else who usually sees to your wounds when you’re dodging professional medical help?”
John pulls out a soft, crocheted pastel-rainbow blanket, a plush elephant, a fuzzy bee-striped jumper and matching hat, espresso – “Oh,
Sherlock drifted into a light feverish sleep, but jolted awake with a hypnic twitch as he fell again in his dream, this time over a burning forest.
Sherlock gasped awake, sputtering through a deep cough that left him breathless. His muscles still clenched with the terror of falling.
“Mm, ta, she’ll like that,” John hums as he slides back beneath the covers. Sherlock kisses him softly, fitting once again into the space behind knees and spine, sleep pooling around him.
It was better, he admits to himself, when this seemed nefarious and clever, something for him to fight. Now, it’s just horrible, mindless chaos and he feels adrift in it.
“Mm. Doesn’t matter.”
They drive in thoughtful silence, Sherlock’s mind spinning as the forest and fields pass in a milky haze, the colors muted. He wonders if they’re in time to stop this attack, if they police will even believe them, what the organization will do if it’s accused.
“It’s not… are you staring at that
“No, thank you,” John says hurriedly, scooping up his laptop bag. “I think I’m off mushrooms for good.”
“What?”
“Sherlock? Sherlock!”
No texts could mean she’d been in a fit of crying that had gone on for hours before falling asleep, but Melissa never slept past 5:30am. He should have gotten sleepy baby pictures this morning. Instead, just more maddening silence.
Blinking in the sudden brightness, Sherlock saw John properly, bright-eyed and disheveled. He caught Sherlock’s eye and grinned, his face alight, mouthing silently,
. Now. Tell me about the method of delivery.”
She held his gaze, a furious fire flashing in her eyes. “John, everything changed fifteen years ago when Toria ascended to her throne. The merfolk were turned away and never returned. She orders the stolen halfbloods be brought to her underground Laboratory, surrounded by iron and her half-human monsters.”
“I need to verify you aren’t a manifestation of my subconscious.”
“Not exactly. I… it was implied.”
are not uncommon. Sherrin knew the risk.” Mycroft sighs sadly. “I think he relished it, drawn like a moth to a flame. While not all of their work is nefarious, let us simply say that the Queen’s Royal Army is decades behind them and will pay a fine price to catch up.”
“Not that I don’t appreciate it, Mycroft, but if your spooks place any bugs in my flat I’ll find them within five minutes and point them all to Mrs. Hudson’s daytime telly.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Only when we were very young. He became increasingly frustrated with my behaviors, even jealous of my magic. It was better when he was away at school.”
“Sorry, that sting?”
John, limping along next to him, shakes his head, incredulous. “You have got to be kidding me.”
He’d done what Sherlock had needed – and was now of absolutely no value to him.
Sherlock gives him his pirate grin and picks up a pencil.
“But suddenly,” Mycroft continues, “his flawed genius does something he never anticipates: he finds
“We already scheduled the court date, so we’ll be properly hitched in the eyes of the law for your adoption procedures. We even agreed to a nice takeaway at the flat with our motley little family afterwards so they feel included in the whole transition.”
“You didn’t sit out many, as I recall,” Sherlock hums contentedly, his arm twined tightly around John’s waist as they walk.
She squeezes his hands, tears sliding down her cheeks.
Sherlock could feel John’s embarrassed hope radiating out in waves. He spared him the explanation.
: You have it on your website, idiot. I’m not a stalker.
This child he had hoped for, given up as impossible, then craved so fiercely, wishing he could pluck her from her dangerous womb into his own by some feat of modern science.
“We haven’t been able to trace her since I became Moriarty.”
,” he stage-whispered to him. “On his
“John,” Sherlock hums, his throat tight with emotion. “Of course, yes – whatever it is, I want to hear it.”
“Yea, I read about it in a pamphlet while you were booking the car,” John says mildly. “Pretty new. You know, walk up, get a sandwich and a cuppa. See how the rail leads right into it? Don’t even need to leave the train to take in the sights. Quite a civilized experience, your Snowdon.”
her!”
He is stunned at how very much he craves it, the ache of it tangible in his solar plexus.
Danger was coming. But it would be better, somehow, now that John had found him.
“We need you looked at tonight, properly, to be sure there’s no lasting damage.”
“No, I was just lost in thought, missed my step. Really John, I’m
“I know you do.” John leans into him heavily, his smile tired, grateful. “Christ, I’m a wreck, sore all over.”
John chuckled appeasingly. “I would very much like the opportunity to hear it one day.”
“John – wake up,” Sherlock commands in a deep, shaky voice, gripping John’s shoulder and giving him a shake. “You’re having a nightmare, it isn’t real -
“—proper response to hypothermia is to remove all of your wet clothing before wrapping you warmly. It’s dark, but I hope you won’t feel it an invasion of privacy if I–”
Wondering if perhaps he’s now the one dreaming, Sherlock shifts back onto the mattress slowly, gingerly settling next to John, shoulder and arm and thigh touching. Invited. It’s different than when John was asleep.
“Dimethyl Sulfoxide. Don’t worry, it’s not that toxic. In small doses. Tastes a bit like garlic.”
Warily, he eases her down onto the carpet and takes a step back as if from a subdued tiger he expects could wake at any moment. She looks like she’s just dozed off. John prods her with the toe of his shoe. No response. He does not envy her the headache she’ll have when she wakes in custody thirty minutes from now.
“Sherlock’s given up so much to make this new life of ours work. I’d like to rent out 221C to convert into a lab for him.”
“Hullo, William,” John said with a bubble of exhausted giddiness.
“Sherlock.”
Taking the hint, John watched carefully as she pinched off clusters of the flowers where the stalks joined the stem, and began to replicate the motion.
There is a dangerous purr in her voice that makes him very aware of how isolated they are. He takes in the subtle lines of her musculature, the very flick of her eyes.
convincing mustache!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, John did break his leg…” Sherlock mumbled guiltily around a mouthful of hot soup.
Myrcoft shrugs. The noncommittal gesture twists Sherlock’s stomach. The candy, the cigarette, the inclusion and complete lack of rancor.
“Bring the cinquefoil over. It will be much more potent if you add it.”
From behind Rosamund, he gives John a miniscule nod.
“Not really my... area.”
. We are a scourge to Faerie just as we are to humans. I often wonder what else they made me forget that day.”
John’s fury and disgust are twisting into a very real fear. This isn’t some mad version of his wife taunting them, toying with them, but a brutal, viciously trained assassin. And they’ve cornered her without any preparation, no backup. It could go very badly.
bedroom.
uncle who telekinetically pushed the Oxford tram. Despite his vivid, recurring dreams of magical flight, Johnny knew in his heart that he was as normal as toast.
John realizes Sherlock is shaking him gently, calling his name firmly.
He thought of little Jonas Fletcher
A wide-brimmed straw hat bobbed up from bushes dotted with yellow blossoms. “Ah, John! Welcome to my garden,” Mrs. Hudson said brightly, clearly rested.
“Sherlock, we need to talk about this ambush
John,
Mrs. Hudson suddenly bursts into the buzzing flat, eyes bright with alarm, still tying her fuchsia dressing gown tightly, her hair set in bright green curlers.
John can’t tell if it’s the afterglow of his giggle-fit, the burst of sudden affection, or the relief of getting out of this frozen wasteland, but he feels buoyant as they begin to crawl their way back up the slope. Sherlock kicks through the ice with the toes of his shoes to make footholds for John, keeps looking back to check on his progress. The suddenly turn to gallantry is adorable. John muses that the only thing that can ever pull Sherlock from a puzzle is his concern for him. Even the thought is warming. Should’ve knocked him over hours ago, he muses.
you are! My word, it’s been driving me half mad watching you two dance about one another all these years.”
“Instead of into you. Jesus, Sherlock,
pediatrician you have insulted,” John seethes, gripping the strap of the diaper bag with white knuckles, keeping his glare fixed on the closed lift door.
“Overheard something interesting about you. From Chen. Your regular delivery guy.”
If I tamper with them they could–”
“Ah ah ah, no hints,” Sherlock scolds playfully and John grins, pushing off his chest. Sherlock makes room for him on the couch. John settles and waits, a glimmer in his smile, for their little ritual to begin. Sherlock fixes him with steady, searching gaze, reading the shadows beneath his eyes, the fibers of his shirt, the messy fingerprints of his day scattered all over him.
The water has crept up to his chest. A horrible thought occurs to him: the water would have been over the child’s head by now. He swallows very hard, suddenly overwhelmed with grief for this small person who endured such torment. At the same time, Sherlock’s grim, detached voice in his mind directs him to the obvious solution. John’s heart sinks. He needs to take several ragged breaths before he can submerge again.
“Evening, Mr, Holmes. Your usual.” John the Delivery Man has brought him his
.”  He sighs heavily, taking a long drink of the cooling tea.
12.07.93   23:58
“I’ll run to the shops tomorrow, there won’t be a drop of food in the flat. We can get takeaway tonight.”
They sit with the boys, John making small talk with Avery and monitoring Chen’s swelling, Sherlock taking John's lead and asking after their dance training. Chen’s elder sister arrives to bring the boys home, frantic with worry, fiercely embracing he and John after hearing Chen's account. Only when they are safely tucked into the car do he and John move to leave.
“A bit.”
John wheezes with laughter.
“Right, you two sit tight. I’m going to go make sure those arseholes don’t have it in mind to move any time soon.”
John felt a fierce leap in his chest, a grin cracking his dark mood. “Better late than never, yea? But I’m kicking myself for not visiting the circus sooner.”
John tried to think lightly.
“As I keep saying, John, not your fault. I’ll be fine. I’m sure I had it coming.”
“Consider it done,” John grinned smugly.
Sherlock is up and out of his seat in a moment, standing behind John’s chair and, fingers poised, begins to massage his shoulders. At his touch, John’s eyes slide closed and he gives a little groan.
Dr. Watson."
The chatter of the crowd sounded very far away. John wiped cold sweat from his forehead with the sleeve of his heavy woolen jacket.
Sherlock giggles. “It’s only eleven. The ladies are likely enjoying their time playing mums. Let’s pop over to one more place before we turn in.”
“Course not. But it’s a bit dodgy, you must admit.” He gives John a critical once-over. “Look, you’ve just woken. Terrible shock. Take a bit of time, things might start to get clearer.”
It feels safe in the darkness, surrounded by Sherlock. He sucks in a deep breath.
“Too professional.”
“Redbeard,” he blurts. “Project Redbeard.”
John gives him a lopsided grin. “You know about Monty Python?”
Sherlock stares down numbly at the dressing covering his right leg.
on this path. Even if it took me years to listen, I have not forgotten his advice to me:
An hour later he’s got John propped up on pillows, a towel draped over his chest, experimenting with the best ways to spoon in bone broth so it doesn’t dribble down John’s chin. The first time he reflexively swallows, Sherlock feels triumphant. But when John erupts into a fit of coughing, he nearly falls over with the shock, thinking he’s killed him for sure. It passes. Sherlock’s shaking.
I have no
It wasn’t me. I’m just a healer.”
Sherlock heard the dismissal and stood quickly on the table, reaching out to help the-man-who-wasn’t-John wobble to his feet. His mended leg was clearly stiff and sore.
: Of course it was. Antibiotics?
“We certainly will not. Hang on, let me pop through the cupboard. My god, you still have these crisps? Sherlock these are ancient–”
reach. I didn’t want Scotland Yard knowing anything about my…
“Ahb-ahb-ahb! Perhaps. There’s another coming, of course. Week 18, get ready for her to start dropping her toys over and over.”
Sherlock slides his hand over John’s on his chest, squeezing it hard, his voice barely more than a breath.
“Fine, but you must promise to only pick people you
we get you out of here. We could unjam the pipe and float until the water level lifts us higher,” Sherlock reasons, “but we’d probably
“How–”
chemistry.”
“No eyes in those, right?”
“You can show him Lyra running the maze all by yourself, if you like.”
“None of it,” the medium said tersely, his grin falling abruptly. “What I need, Doctor, is a man of your particular talents.” Sherlock stood quickly, cloak swirling, and poked his head out of the tent flap, then hastily sat across from John, legs jumping with agitation. “There isn’t much time. If my calculations are correct, we have exactly seventeen minutes before the elephants break loose.”
John nods, seeming to pink a bit at the inclusive mention of
I thought. And I thought, too, if this doesn’t go right, it won’t be me, or you, who goes to her, soothes her.” John’s chest heaves. “And then… I aimed, I shot – I heard her gun fire and thought I was too late. The light exploded, I couldn’t tell if you were hit. God, it was horrible.”
Nudging him aside with a rugby-trained shoulder, John pulls the computer from his hands, makes a few quick taps, then sets it on the coffee table. Settling back onto the couch, he traps Sherlock beneath his outstretched legs and laces his hands behind his head. Sherlock grins. It’s incredibly endearing when John makes attempts at deductions.
Sherlock grins at his brother’s win, and is about to start the next round when he looks up to see Mycroft watching them from his bedroom door, bored and superior. Sherlock stuffs his ready fists into his pockets and looks away, cheeks burning.
John felt an angry pulse of bafflement. “It’s
She and Lune padded back to the fireplace, where she rummaged in a small chest on the mantle, returning with a bundle of dried herbs bound in string, oddly charred at one end.
“Well, doctor, I would not say
Their noses nearly touching, Sherlock studies his eyes.
“Sherlock,
He bolts from his chair. Sherrin took almost everything when he relocated to the lab, but Sherlock still has a lot of his original scratchwork in a pile under his bed. He drops to the floor, scrabbling out the rumpled pages, mind racing.
not a… a
“Sherlock, you’re stalling. Out with it.”
“Oh. Good,” he says simply, lamely.
John sighs wearily. “I don’t care, Sherlock.” He grabs their suitcase and begins to settle in. “Just don’t steal all the blankets.”
“Tell me everything. Immediately.”
who I imagine is acting as shepherd in this mural’s simplistic propaganda.”
John squeezed his eyes shut and wriggled in Sherlock’s arms until they were both under the covers, pressed cheek to cheek in a tight embrace, arms woven all around one another.
“What is it now?” Sherlock snapped. “You don’t have to cling so hard, the harness is quite reliable.”
to relive.”
“That’s usually the recipe for gossip,” John chuckled. “They say you’re quite the crackshot halfblood-finder.”
The troll said a word in a language Sherlock recognized as High Trollish. The stone suddenly shivered as if it were a reflection in a pool of water disturbed by a soft breeze.
Bemused, they watch the girl race off after the harassed-looking bird, oblivious of the collision, attempting to coral it toward the fountain.
John unwraps the yellow paper to find a large wicker basket. Inside is an eclectic array of children’s books, among them one that makes Sherlock gasp as John holds it up, recognizing it from his childhood. His cranky façade slides off and he actually beams.
Sherlock suddenly whirls around, holding up a hand to silence John.
haven?” John mused.
“I was terrified, honestly,” Sherlock keeps one of John’s hands gently twined with his own and drinks his wine. “It was the stupidest thing I could have possibly said, but I was so frightened of ruining it. I liked you so much right away.”
“It’s okay,” Sherlock mutters, knowing it isn’t, and tightens his grip. “I’ve got you. I’ve got you.”
“Please, stay, if you don’t mind. I could actually faint.” John glances up and grins warmly at Sherlock’s nervousness. “It’s fine, Sherlock, I don’t care. Nothing about me needs to be hidden from you.” He holds out his hand and Sherlock takes it, lets John pull him back to perch tensely on the edge of the bathtub across from him, their knees a few inches apart. John leans almost double, rubbing his temples with a tired sigh.
He slides his hands up to hold Sherlock’s face firmly, tenderly, his thumbs lightly stroking the damp skin below his eyes.
John crowed, but Mrs. Hudson shook her head.
It’s been raining since Sherlock left on Tuesday, but no boot prints mark the boards, not that he’d expect John to have gone out with the baby in this weather, but perhaps if she’d gotten sick…  but if she had, he certainly would have texted him. He’s stayed in. So why the silence? A dozen horrible scenarios fly through his mind’s eye and he banishes them to the catacombs of his mind palace.
A nurse – there are six of them,
At the mention of food, Sherlock’s stomach rumbled its interest. He let his hand drop from John’s temple and began the arduous mission of sitting up. The healer’s quick, strong hands eased him upright, propping him against pillows. Sherlock felt a mixture of annoyance at his helplessness, and flustered gratitude for John’s presence. He was relieved that John had little awareness of his own tangled feelings.
John was suddenly standing in Mrs. Hudson’s comfortable kitchen, the fire crackling in the hearth, a kettle steaming on the hob. Lune had just settled onto the hearth rug.
Sherlock looks up from the book, taps his lip as he considers, then slides to sit next to John in the bed. Leaving a few inches between them, he continues to read.
John gives him a suspicious smile, but places the bags on the desk. It’s been set for two. John tugs the receipt out of one of the bags a little gruffly and glares at the two place settings.
The door to their room clicks and Sherlock squeezes his face against the pillow.
“John–” he burrows his face into his shoulder, clings to him. John nuzzles his neck and rubs his back, combs his fingers through his hair while their hearts thunder together between them.
“Oh, glad I could make room for you,” John chides affably from his old chair. It warms Sherlock to see him there, tossing his blunt little barbs.
Kinsey grinned conspiratorially. “The way I hear it, Her Majesty’s going to make it
To: redbeard001@ox.edu
Sherlock slept deeply, and if he dreamed, he did not remember.
Sherlock moves to the shelf to examine bottles and begins sniffing their contents. “While that may be popular opinion, I assure you I take the time to know the names of those who are most important to me. Now, Greg, due to your immense dislike for working out of doors on days below 5°C, I’ll wager you would prefer your drink neat rather than on the rocks?”
“And what, pray tell, has had the two of you locked up for 36 consecutive hours?”
“Getting comfortable making the orders, aren’t you?”
“I want to now.”
He’d wound up at 221B, intoxicated by his convictions. Yes, it meant he’d made a horrible mistake with Mary. No, he had no idea what the next steps were. Except this one. If Sherlock would have him, at least that piece of it would make sense.
Sherlock’s expression is pained.
Sherlock replied tersely.
, Sherlock’s voice tells him reasonably.
“Oh, John, glad you’re home! The delivery people brought your boxes to my flat again. I didn’t bring them up, they’re so heavy, and Sherlock hasn’t been answering the door all afternoon.”
Sherrin stares at him, then nods, realization dawning.
The delivery man’s eyes glitter and his cheeks are flushed.
“Sherlock?”
The lab rat in the epilogue, Lyra, is a teeny tiny shout-out to Phill Pullman’s Lyra, my other most favorite love story of all time... even though he sundered them so painfully (as he tends to do. Sally Lockhart anyone?) This injustice catapulted me into my very first fanfic over a decade ago, when I didn't even know what fanfic was, reuiniting Will and Lyra at the end of their lives in the land of the dead. I should clean it up and post it someday.
“Morning,” Sherlock says softly from behind him, but John jumps anyway.
Sherlock ignores him, commandeering the first aid kit and dabbing at the bloody scratches with an alcohol swab.
Sherlock suddenly recalls the covered dish Mrs. Hudson brought, and quickly retrieves it from his makeshift bedroom lab. Though it’s gone cold, he uncovers it to find shepherd’s pie. Both of their stomachs growl. Sherlock plucks two clean forks from the chaos in the kitchen and joins John on the couch.
“Safe enough. It is harder to hide as a halfblood in Faerie. Their refuge is always on the move, lest they be discovered. It is much like our Wormworks, on this side of the wall. Our Lady is very clever. Only once, about a century ago, did the King’s forces find them.”
“How do you know I have a therapist?” he spits back.
“Just being… precise.”
After all he’s done for us, it’s the least we can do to explain the whole mess to him.”
Mycroft stays locked in his room pouring over law and Greek, preferring to stay clear of their eldest brother’s good-humored tormenting.
He spends the day in bed, wandering his mind palace, dipping into old chests full of childhood oddments, passing by walls covered floor to ceiling in tiny library catalog drawers, each holding vital facts and details. He moves between them on a rolling ladder.
“Your patron,” she smirks, but no humor touches her eyes. An alarm goes off in his lower mammalian brain that would usually signal a predator. He takes a step back.
“John, you have three symmetrically-spaced cuts on your back.”
“Astounding. Aside from that scratch on your face and bruises that will develop during the night, you’re remarkably unharmed.” He pulled away, shaking out his hand to break the connection.
“She can’t
John immediately leaps into the bed and dives beneath the covers, his speed surprising Sherlock. He quickly recovers, pulling him into a tangle of kissing, their rolling, laughing, full-body embrace as playful as two boys wrestling.
it, had a knack for it. John had come home from work and woken him more than once, sprawled on the sofa with the baby asleep on his chest.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I wonder if I should write it out… the story.
"Well, you'll get bored of me in time."
“We’ve got a few theories,” Lestrade continued, then kept silent.
Sherlock’s fingertips weakly lifted off John’s shoulder and buzzed against his temple.
Fog is creeping into the room, tendrils vining around his feet and he feels so peaceful though he knows this is Very Serious Stuff they’re dealing with.
The idea of you, or our child, being manipulated in some criminal game… I will not risk it. Never again.”
you, John! How’s Mary and the baby? Oo, you must just be
Sherlock settles them in relatively the same position they’d been in one floor up on their own couch. He is infinitely grateful for her good thinking.
John scowls. “Thank you, Mycroft. That means a great deal from you.”
Sherlock glares at him. “She isn’t
a short distance,” she added, as if hearing his thoughts. “The more people, the shorter the hop. Learned the trick of it from the Olmec when I was a spry young thing. Mind, I can only do it once a day and I’ll be needing a nap or I’ll be useless tomorrow.” She frowned at him. “Tut, why are you gawking? Set your man on the sofa before he expires on my carpet. There’s a blanket there, keep him warm while I set the fire.”
“No no – I lived near it when I was very young. It always felt…
Safe.
John chuckles, combing his fingers through Sherlock’s mussed hair and kisses him.
He can picture him mentally constructing a hundred potential rescue operations in an instant, irritably brushing his hand aside to scatter them, letting only the most plausible one remain.
John scowled stubbornly, but the long look Sherlock gave him planted a seed of confused uncertainty. “When we…
John mutters his solution and is surprised when Sherlock gives him a quick, fierce squeeze.
John tips the cabbie well for her skullduggery, then follows the swirling, black Belstaff through the wide lobby and up several escalators. The tricky bit is staying out of sight as Sherlock speaks into a security kiosk in a quiet hall.
Sherlock suddenly hears a faint buzz and pounces on the sofa, pushing his fingers between the cushions to retrieve John’s mobile from its depths, 2% of its battery remaining and each and every text from the last night and today waiting to be read.
“And she had her own reasons for despising me.”
“I left you alone with her. When I was speaking with your doctor. Jesus, she could have finished you off.”
“I wasn’t speaking of Sherrinford, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock?”
To know John loves him – has loved him for so long – and will continue to love him lest he drive him away… He can’t predict what will come of it. He doesn’t know the answer. This is both dazzling
Mycroft rolls his eyes, ignoring the scone.
a job?”
“And the fifth?” Sherlock asked, thunderstruck. The injustice done to their kind made his blood boil. His mind spun as he tried to see a pattern.
find the Wall. A few had joined up with dreams of becoming
“There is something holding you down–”
“Figure of speech, Sherlock. What are you doing?”
“Like she said,” John interrupted in a patient tone. “I’m a
This was going to be a longer chapter, but I wanted to get another piece out to you before another week went by. I'm hoping to post weekly and conclude by the end of August.
“John... thank you. For what you said.”
Knowing he needs to stay still for Sherlock to pick the lock, John makes himself drift limply. He pushes back the doubts creeping in, mentally urging Sherlock on as if the thoughts could travel to him through the water.
“She would have shot me then, right then, but Melissa began to cry.” He kisses the sleeping baby’s head. “It froze her, for a moment. Just a moment.”
John frowned at him. “Why?”
“You always do.” Sherlock takes John’s hand, trembling less now, and brings it to his lips to brush with a kiss.
John gapes at him, then falls to his knees in front of Sherlock in the soft grass, hidden with him among the boughs. He holds his hands tightly.
but she has yet to pass through the membrane into their life.
Sherlock says, bewildered, as he and John tramp back up the stairs to their flat.
“Sorry, so sorry, can’t, stuck. Tried to get free.”
John cautiously released one arm from Sherlock’s chest, the wind tugging at his sleeve. The magnetic harness held strong.
For three days, Sherlock does not speak. His mum gives up trying to draw him out and sits reading at his bedside.
As the minutes grow long, he begins to feel panicky with nothing concrete to do, and dives down to check his dam. The force of the water has dislodged it and he keeps himself occupied trying to reinforce it with his grisly materials in the freezing darkness. But even with his treading, the cold of the water has sunk into his muscles and moving is becoming difficult, exhaustion pulling at him.
“John, really. All worker bees are female.”
“Why what?”
“You did? How?” John mutters his solution and is surprised when Sherlock gives him a quick, fierce squeeze.
In a dingy operating room far underground, Mycroft sits beside Sherlock’s hospital bed managing to look both bored and annoyed. Sherlock lays on his belly, tangled hair spilling over his face, a month of beard on his cheek. He grimaces silently as a small, wizened doctor stiches up large whip-wounds in his back.
…” He clutched at the grass beneath him, taking short, shallow breaths. “It’s
The corners of Sherlock’s lips quirk in a tiny smile that rapidly evaporates. “You… John you jumped in front of a bullet.” He stops, swallows. “For me.”
The Netter’s metallic features were dull with ash. “Affirmative,” he growled. “By dawn, every wall within a zeppelin’s flight will be plastered with their faces.”
on the ridge, with you
The stout, stone bridge supports were built so closely together that the river rushed between, churning into whitewater. As the current pulled them into choppy waves, they were suddenly tugged under and tumbled in a strong undertow, then tossed up again. Spluttering, John clung to Sherlock, helpless as chips of wood. Through the roar and spray he glimpsed the dark hulk of the bridge’s stone starling careening toward them.
Worry and fury twist on his features, his face ashen. He rushes over to Sherlock, knotted into a tight ball of pale limbs and knobby joints, and takes the camera out of his brittle hands, decisively clicking the power button. Their small, recorded cries cease abruptly.
Some retcon here – for new readers, you won't notice anything, except that this chapter is long enough to be two, which is what I should have done originally. :)
Johnny fumed. Boys like this could get an honest, God-fearing mage into a lot of trouble. People disappeared. “Leave my mum alone, she’s just a
There is a moment of perfect stillness in Sherlock’s mind, a moment between two fast heartbeats as his posterior pituitary gland fires a load of his hypothalamus’ newly-minted oxytocin into his bloodstream. In this moment he feels their bodies joined, moving in rhythm. Surging into.             Being received.
She sighed wistfully, plucking yellow blossoms from the bushes and dropping them into a basket. “A very, very old friend helped me find it years ago. Full-blood Faerie, if you must know.”
is on edge. Five halfbloods murdered in less than a month, and no clue as to who is behind it, or when they’ll strike again.”
“Oh.” Sherlock sets the book down, holding the page with his thumb. “Eowyn.
It wasn’t unusual to be called on a sudden case out of town now that Sherlock had made a reputation for himself - with some help from his blogger - but he hadn’t seen Sherlock this excited about one in ages. It must have been nearly an 8. He braced himself for a weekend of grisly puzzles.
By the time John shuffles triumphantly back into the bedroom with a dusty bottle of olive oil, Sherlock is snoring softly on the bed, still fully clothed, face slack. John chuckles.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but allowed it. Much as he loathed being fretted over, he’d quickly developed great respect for John’s healer instincts. John pressed his fingertips to Sherlock’s wrist and forehead and the spots buzzed with magical current.
“So the bloke who fell, his wife reckons his brother pushed him to get at the trust fund.”
“We are in position in Bangkok. There is a high probability of interception tonight. It may give you more time.”
face. “Good. No one slips out of my hands and runs off to crow about it.”
Sherlock startles.
That’s when I joined the Wall Guard.” He avoided her eyes. “Toria’s mad campaign against the Faerie lured me in. I wanted to find the stolen halfbloods, cross the Wall,” he said sheepishly. “But all that time, her captives were right here in
Sherlock gets up, approaching him cautiously as if he might bolt.
“We will talk again when Sherlock is well. This is all I feel like sharing on this subject today, thank you. We have far more urgent matters at hand.”
Finally, the thirst eases and John carefully places the cup on the bedside table. It feels like a notable achievement. His mind is clearer, though the headache pounds on. John tries to catch his eyes.
“Well shite,” John exhales with a puff. “That’s lovely.”
His shouts bounce around the stone walls. He pauses. How loud does his voice need to be to carry? Craning to hear an answer from above, John's hands fly to his coat pocket for his mobile. He thumbs at the screen - perhaps there's a shred of reception. Nothing happens. He groans. The phone's been submerged for as long as he's been out cold. Shoving the lifeless device back into his pocket, a sudden bone-deep shiver passes through him.
The heavy jumble of rope unspools down the well shaft and hits the water with a slap. Though he tries to unravel it, John’s hands are too stiff, his limbs too sluggish to make sense of it. Sherlock sees and quickly shimmies back down the rope, splashing into the water next to him. He utters a small gasp as the cold hits him anew.
Sherrinford scowls at him, eyes flicking to his shoes.
It shouldn’t be a shock, not after all he’s learned about her. But it is.
Sherrin spins to face him, pulling at his hair, face tragic.
.” Sherlock’s eyes close reverently. “I haven’t been back to
Mrs. Hudson steers them into her sitting room.
Sherlock thinks he understands him. He, too, loathes being bored. He chases the adrenaline surge of a fresh, risky puzzle, but he also relishes the long, meticulous trial and error, the isolating and hypothesizing, so vital to their work. He wishes he could become molecule-small and study Sherrinford’s mind from the inside, observe the hormones and synapses at work to determine how best to rewire him, see some of his brilliant theorems to completion. Sherlock’s been reading about the brain for years. He could probably manage it.
Vesuvius erupts in Sherlock’s mind, sending molten lava cascading through his chest and into his limbs.
But how long had it been since John had anyone
“Wait, it’s the soldier!” the Inspector barked to his team. “Hey, come forward, we’ll keep you safe now. How far away is your captor?”
“Relax, I forgot, too til I saw the train schedule.”
To Sherlock’s astonishment, the dull, abandoned farm house dissolved into a smooth, stony plateau high on a mountain ridge surrounded by wind-stunted pines and a crisp blue sky. John leaned against a smooth boulder and stuffed his hands into his pockets, looking more at-ease.
As if to emphasize the point, Sparks chose that moment to swirl down a drainpipe and bound over, rubbing against their shins with impatience.
“…Oh?”
“But then you got here, and I was rather an arse.”
“Sylvain. It’s my favorite of the lot.”
John has been watching him, his eyes hungry.  Summoning a little remaining energy, Sherlock grasps his cock with a slick hand, marveling when John begins to buck against him. He watches with wonder as John’s own orgasm erupts, face flushed, fingers digging into Sherlock’s flesh, his moans strangled into high, breathy gasps. John suddenly wilts against his chest. Their bodies ease into decrescendo, panting, heartbeats thundering.
“While I continued looking for a cure, we hoped that my…
He knew there had been something he’d meant to pick up at the shops. Bachelorhood and the distraction of assassins have left him woefully unprepared for this.
he bursts out. Sherlock hears the panic in his own voice, tries to squash it down into the catacombs.
His stomach twisted as he took in the freshly uncovered skin of Sherlock's throat. Ignoring his embarrassment, he gently pressed his fingertips to the sores and scabs that had chafed beneath the iron, deftly regenerating the distressed cells into smooth skin.
At first, John tried to be helpful and make some sense of it, but frankly the tracks all look alike to him. They’ve been at this for hours and the thrill of the chase has sputtered out. Sherlock is absorbed and hasn’t said a word to him for ages. The sun’s about to set and he seems no closer to cracking the code. What a wasted day. If he’d thought to grab some gloves on his way out the door, maybe John wouldn’t feel so sour. He wishes he hadn’t realized what day it is. Just makes it worse.
Sherrin, do you realize what these means??? Musical memory stimulates the hippocampus!!!
one had featured his childhood, so it certainly couldn’t be a foreshadowing of the future. He huffed, rolling over in the thick blankets and deep pillows, laboring against the pull of sleep to study the remnants of the nightmare. He’d
“Have they? Why?” he asks, genuinely curious. “They didn’t mind me so much when I was a free agent.”
Sherlock smiles a little sadly. “What would have happened, I wonder, if I’d kissed you that night? In the hall, after our mad chase?”
“What do people usually say?”
“This is her?” John asks warily.
“We’ll be home soon, love,” John purrs. “Mrs. H, best get her highness to bed. Thanks a million. We’ll be sure to pick you up something nice before we head back.”
“Let’s bring one to Papa!”
The wind buffeted him as the fields far below gradually rumpled into forest. His teeth chattered. Sherlock had not thought about what to wear in February, had only seized the opportunity to leap through the window the moment his meddlesome grandmother and brother had gone downstairs, thinking him too weak with influenza to do mischief.
“You don’t know a
Byrum bent low, near Johnny’s face. The wealthy boy made a show of dusting off his shiny shoe leather, then flicked at Johnny’s bruised right eye. Johnny flinched, but only just. “You sure, Orvy?” He felt the boy’s hot, sour breath on his face. Byrum was a mundane, not a magical spark in his family for generations. His brutality made up for it. “Maybe you just gotta do it again.”
. We looked into this unusual change in behavior and lo and behold, who did we find?”
“Claw marks, John!” Sherlock cries jubilantly, waving one of the autopsy photos at him from across the room. “I was right! The brother is innocent!”
“Billy, relax. It’s brilliant. Really.”
Sherlock says in his mind. Only the fiercely-toned lines of their bodies and the efficient, military-trained surveillance gestures give them away.
“When you didn’t show up for your appointment, I thought—Jesus I thought you’d
“Oodle!” Rosie demands, clawing at the phone and reappearing in a blur of blond curls and saliva-slick cheeks. With her furrowed brow and bright blue glare, Sherlock thinks warmly that she looks strikingly like her father.
“So, which half should I disregard?”
I’m so sorry–”
His voice warms and mellows after the first few sentences. Sherlock closes his eyes, losing himself in the tale that is so familiar, so beloved, but so fresh when told through John’s eyes.
“No, no more bed. Couch?”
It is the second time Sherlock has said the words aloud. They send a bolt through John.
“Wait… so it
“All thanks to you, Billy. You know I hate the fine print. Give me leg work. Give me chaos to grapple with!”
“We’ll think of something. You’re recovering quickly. Food will help. It should be here soon.”
all of that. Just by looking at me?”
While it has been suggested that I keep the baby’s name
The double doors bang into the end of his gurney and Molly pushes him through, parking him in an empty space that had minutes before held a cadaver that shared a striking resemblance with him. Not a lot, but enough.
He would not steal thoughts from this enigma – the compact soldier-healer, the halfblood who had saved him.
Sherlock had feared. What they both fear. He knows. They don’t speak of it. Most days they can ignore it well enough.
you.”
Reaching for a slice of toast, he sees a little folded card by the plate. Someone’s scribbled a yellow smiley-face doodle onto it. Beneath it is one word written in Sherrin’s nearly illegible scrawl:
“Boys! You awake?” Mrs. Hudson calls from the front door. “The doorbell’s been going for ages! Molly’s here! Says you were to meet!”
“Request a paternity test be performed during her health screenings.”
Johnny had one brief moment to enjoy seeing stocky Byrum Whelps bleeding from his left nostril. His pursuers were breathing hard. Though he barely reached their shoulders, he’d led the chase like a fox across two farms before Orvis had gotten close enough to catch him.
He should want his brother to be safe. He should want this all to be over. But the pull of the puzzle, the thrill of this mysterious organization... it’s
John’s scowl falls, the old pain clouding his eyes.
“Don’t,” John says, with heat. “You didn’t. Sherlock.” He pulls the book from Sherlock’s hands and sets it firmly on the table, swivels to face him. Sherlock’s eyes dart to his, wary. He forces his voice to be calm. “Look. Things have been… more than confusing. And. We’re in a new place, you and I. So let me be perfectly clear. This,” he gently touches Sherlock’s chin, “is not okay.” John bites his lip. “It’s not like it’s the first time. When you came back...”
Sherlock is silent for a long time. “Are you in there, John? Watching me fall apart? Should I confess to you, too?” He considers his sleeping face, then shakes his head lightly and tightens his lips, gently places John’s hand back onto the sheet. “No, John, I’m not going to do it like this. I would like to see your eyes properly when I tell you. So. You have to wake up. And then I’ll tell you. Everything.” He presses his palm to John’s chest. “I promise you I’ll bring you back.” He stands abruptly, pushing the chair back with a squeak. “Let’s get you out of here.”
“I was always just equity to her. To get to you.
“It helps me
Sherlock wrinkles his nose sympathetically.
With a swirl of wake Sherlock is back, pulling John above the surface, chin on his shoulder. He lets him float and breathe, giving him warmth. Despite his dire circumstances, John is vividly aware of how tightly they are twined together, though surely it’s just to keep him warm.
it. She thinks you need
“They’ve been
“Why?”
: Good morning, Sherlock. This is your Szechaun Chicken delivery man texting from his shite flat.
John pulls a hand from his curls and threads it between them, grasping Sherlock’s sudden and shocking erection, grinning against his lips as their kissing changes speed. Sherlock arches into John’s hand – he can’t help it – his body is moving of its own accord, as if long encoded in his cells is the exact method in which to make love to John Watson.
“I–I shouldn’t presume,” John hemmed, doubt creeping in as the silence stretched on. “You’ll probably have places of your own to go, don’t want an old army healer getting underfoot–”
Sherlock gives him a lopsided grin, then, seemingly satisfied with his makeshift cocoon, sits closely behind him, wrapping his long limbs around John for maximum contact. Sherlock drops his chin to John’s shoulder wearily, his voice rumbling in his ear.
“No,” John says firmly, cutting him off. “No, Sherlock, this is… this is great, really, you and me, out on a case. Like old times.”
“You can
Happy? I won’t use the proper terms among common folk, lesson learned, Captain.” Sherlock looked out at the mural, birds darting their aerial acrobatics around them.
“You lost your parents.” Sherlock shrugged awkwardly. “My grief is not unique.”
Together they splashed back through the shallow pond, water-striders skating around their calves. As they made their way through the reeds and into the little copse of trees, Lissa’s boots sloshed comically.
“I hope you don’t mind,” John says hesitantly, “but while I was out getting our tea, I booked the room another night.”
“I’m a consulting detective. First in the world. I made up the job.”
“Come, let’s get Anura back to her two hundred cousins for her tea. Papa’s making chowder and he’ll not be pleased if I keep you out in the rain too long.”
John is floating in fog. It’s peaceful. Soft. He could drift here on and on… but there’s something itching in the back of his mind. He should remember what it is.
The acidic horror of the situation sinks into John, burning away all he’d held to be true:
I hope you enjoy! This story is such a joy to write!
Hang on, me hearties. Rough road ahead.
There’s a deep sniff and Sherlock pulls away, suddenly looking self-conscious and avoiding John’s eyes. He busies himself by pouring another cup of water and offering it to John. His hands have woken up enough to support it if he uses both of them. Dazed from the hug, he drinks for a while, watching Sherlock fidget with the equipment by his bedside.
A very low growl came from Lune’s throat. Mrs. Hudson gentled him with her fingertips. “Hush now, Lune, it’s alright. He has a right to be angry. Our Lady knows I spent quite a long time lost in anger, myself.”
Sherlock shrugs. “I thought I had. My interviews clearly indicated the death was an accident, I didn’t give them further thought. There were no physical manifestations of guilt, no tangled facts to raise any flags. The brother was grieving deeply, alarmed and hurt at the accusation against him. But. He said he understood why his sister-in-law would be looking for some tangible reason or the death, someone to blame – not just a stupid accident. The widow was equally grief-stricken. She had nothing to base her accusation on – no previous sign that the brothers had been after one another’s inheritance. It wasn’t even that large.”
­– though deposed over 500 years ago – but it’s vital information!”
But what other choice do you have?”
Somehow, he gets himself clean. Somehow, he manages to turn off the water before he loses all control and drops to his knees to take John into his own mouth.
John nods, then jolts as a realization hits him.
His mobile pings a pre-set alarm, jolting him out of his thoughts. Running his hands over his face, he scrubs at his eyes and sniffs loudly.
John swallows around a lump in his throat, Sherlock’s emotion startling him. “S’okay, you got me. In the nick of time, sure, but, you know, it was fine–”
“Amazing, really,” John muses around a yawn, scratching his scalp sleepily, “that a little music works so well to ease her nightmares, and mine. Maybe she’ll sleep the night through.”
“Sherlock. I love you. I have always loved you.”
Um,” he ends lamely.
crossed?” John asked breathlessly. “I thought that was a fib!”
Sherlock sensed the tempest just beyond the wall John had built around his thoughts. Without it, he was sure he’d be flattened by the ferocity of John’s feelings right now. He held his gaze. “Tell me.”
Sherlock squints at the code on the screen, breaking out in a cold sweat. In less than a minute he’s worked out the basic Ceasar cipher – Sherrin must have been in a terrible rush to use something so rudimentary.
Sherlock sniffs, avoiding his eyes.
“Honestly, Sherlock, who puts a bloody chain at the bottom of a well?" His hoarse voice echoes unnervingly. “Rusty enough to have been here awhile. This your sister’s idea of being welcomed into the family?” He’s dimly aware that he’s speaking to Sherlock. It steadies him.
Sherlock nodded and leaned heavily against the brick wall.
“So gallant.” John kisses him lightly, then gently pushes Sherlock back against the bed and slides his fingers under the hem of his Tshirt, pressing lips to belly. “So clever,” he mumbles against his skin, “to give me an experience to fuel my nightmares, then conveniently leave your violin at home.”
John nodded sympathetically, wondering at their shared nostalgia for the old forest, then suddenly felt buoyed by a mad idea. “We should go back to Whinlatter, one day!” Sherlock inhaled sharply, looking horrified. John immediately wished he could erase his words. “I’m sorry – I shouldn’t assume you’d want to go back there – with me, or – I mean – your family sounds dreadful –”
wet. To my knees!” She pressed her nose to the frog’s little pointed olive-green head and gently eased it back into the water. They watched it swim away with graceful kicks.
“Oh, um, thank you... Geoffrey.”
“Take care of yourself, too. At least, try to.” She pads away quietly across the carpet, picks up Mycroft’s umbrella, and hurries down the stairs.
voice positively gives me chills.”
“Why?”
“Stand down, Geoffrey,” Sherlock says wearily. “She’s in the bedroom, quite indisposed.”
As the minutes grow long, he begins to feel panicky with nothing concrete to do, and dives down to check his dam. The force of the water has dislodged it and he keeps himself occupied trying to reinforce it with his grisly materials in the freezing darkness. But even with his treading, the cold of the water has sunk into his muscles and moving is becoming difficult, exhaustion pulling at him.
“Do you want ice for your head?”
“Yours, too.”
“No more doping.” Sherlock grabs his phone from the side table and flashes it at Lestrade. “And significant events have already been preloaded with automatic reminders two weeks prior.”
a considerable boon. I’d have certainly drowned if not for your quick thinking.”
John tried to think more quietly.
Another chapter! To note, Lestrade's scene was originally outlined to be one chapter, but rapidly grew long enough for three. If you'd rather read it to its natural conclusion all at once, ch23 will be posted very soon.
“Not gonna bother with standing,” he mutters, breathing heavily. Sherlock edges away. Though he has seen literally every inch of John’s skin over the last three days, has been invited to hold him, just tasted him, leaped headlong into
“There’s no fresh fruit or veg in the refrigerator, much as we could have used them. We’re out of milk, too, so you didn’t have replenishing supplies on your mind. You had something specific to do.”
Suspended in the darkness, John can feel Sherlock’s hands and limbs brushing around him like a murky sea creature, the minute tugs and pulls at the lock. In his delirious state he imagines being rescued not from above by rope, but from below, Sherlock swimming up to him like some, beautiful landlocked selky.
Sherlock inhales hard, a sob catching in his throat. The egg shatters.
he mumbled to himself dreamily. “Wonder if we’ll meet a real phoenix…” John shook his head, realizing he’d been staring off into space. “Hmph, get on with it, old man. You’re delirious with fever.”
one when she was
“You sure you want your own version of these?”
Sherlock had read a few and liked his brooding nature. Victor thought he was hot – the similarities between himself and the Dream King had not been lost on him. He feels a sudden pang for Victor, wishing his summer could magically go back to
“Could be dangerous.”
Understanding, Sherlock nodded, holding his breath as John gently lifted his hand out of the blanket folds. The familiar tendril of purple energy twined around their fingers and fizzled out as John pressed Sherlock’s fingertips to his temple. Sherlock exhaled slowly, holding John’s gaze and shivering slightly from the burst of energy.
Mind leaping ahead, deducing rapidly, Sherlock cuts in breathlessly.
The quadies thumped their retreat, quickly gaining speed as they followed their route back to the edge of the forest. Lestrade stared absently into the dark blur of trees, turning over the night’s events. He’d already sent a Repeater ahead to prepare a team for northward pursuit. He hated the things, but he had to admit it was convenient to have a messenger waiting in his satchel who wouldn’t mind the smoke.
“As I’ve had to use the loo, I’ll trust you’re in need of some… refreshment.” He pulls on fresh latex gloves and sighs.“I’m sorry, John, but you will need to suffer more of my trainee fumbling.”
“Oh.” Feeling a little silly, John thought
“No no,” she waved him off. “Lune is well accustomed to my old bones. It’s just this
Purple energy crackled around their bodies. A dozen feet away, the squad of Netters burst through the fog, their wolf helms gleaming.
“Thank you for delivering our culinary salvation.” Sherlock takes the bags and bustles back to the sofa, pulling out cartons and arranging them on the coffee table. The guard nods at John.
. The water is rising, so it must be coming from somewhere in the floor I can't reach." He sighs wearily. "Unless I dunk." The thought is troubling. He’s already chilled. Completely submerging will drop his body temperature further. He steels himself.
shots. There is a terrible roar in the room as he scrabbles on the floor, his head colliding with the mattress. He realizes what he’s hearing is his own voice, a growling rage spilling from him that he can’t stop. He feels hands grip him in the dark, John –
"I don’t know how I’ll be able to reserve all of my desire for you
Sherrinford’s gloom clears immediately into dazzling, beguiling sunlight. He pulls a sheet from his back pocket, messily folded and creased, both sides densely covered in formula, and passes the puzzle over. Sherlock is already completely caught up in his spell.
“It was risky, but as long as your amnesia held and I was weak, I felt she would allow it. You were infinitely safer out from under her roof. And I wanted your presence and your skill as a doctor while I recovered.”
. They picked on one another relentlessly, shared private jokes, went on aimless adventures, plotted elaborate practical jokes on Mycroft, and rough-housed like wolf pups.
like himself. She wove zeppelin sheeting, but feared flying. He’d worked in their town’s healer guild and firmly tried to push Faerie out of his mind. His days were filled with easing rheumatic coughs and curing boils with the light touch of his hands, ending in predictable dinners with his kind, bland fiancé.
When Johnny had finally stopped running, a stitch in his side and gasping for breath, he’d found himself climbing up to the platform of the Millner’s windmill. Brown autumn fields sprawled below the leaden grey sky. The huge white blades creaked slowly in the breeze. He had perched there for an hour, waiting, willing Faerie magic to wake in his veins and give him the flight of his dreams. He’d go find Jonas. They’d fly to safety. He’d make it okay.
Sherlock nods, chopping the bell peppers more carefully, digesting his brother’s patient acceptance. He had expected more of a fight and feels deflated. Plus, he hadn’t really processed that Sherrin wouldn’t be working in his room anymore.
Sherlock meets John’s eyes and feels a kind of pulse. The good doctor, he notices, does not correct them.
then?” she asks hesitantly, with a grin in her voice. “You both came out of the bedroom just now.”
Wild magic was
“What that bloke needs is a good shag,” Sherrinford mutters as he crumbles up the discarded scone into the rats’ terrarium. Sherlock pinks and chuckles at Mycroft’s expense, hoping very much the topic won’t drift his way.
Sherlock grins. “Very slight ink press of the ‘enz’ on your left wrist where you noted it on your blotter. Being off-season, you would find it note-worthy to track. A bit of a gamble, I admit.”
Sherlock’s bored rumble betrays, to John’s ears, a tense edge. Something has happened Sherlock didn’t anticipate. John prickles with nerves.
“Oh, honestly Sherlock,” John waves his hand to brush aside the compliments. “We’re all just making it up as we go. You’re brilliant with her. Truly, I’ve been astonished at this side of you – before we know it, you’ll be carting her off to toddler taekwando, have her fluent in six languages, and blowing up things in the kitchen.”
Sherlock plants his boot carefully on a stone, redoubling his focus on the steps ahead.
He felt a release of tension he hadn’t even known he was holding. “What happened to the halfbloods who escaped?”
John’s stomach grips with nerves. This should be a relief, but if he’s even guessed at half of it…
“–had not expected you to grace us with your presence, Rosamund.”
“John, I don’t want to tell you too much before you’ve shared your memories. I could corrupt them with external input. It’s imperative for me to know what you recall from the night I was shot and the afternoon we were drugged.”
John has even had the walls decorated with a few framed pieces – a degree Sherlock had hidden away in the closet, several photos of Melissa as a baby and a more recent one of the three of them on the shore. And, most prominently, a photo Mycroft had found of Sherlock, aged fourteen, grinning into the camera next to their handsome, somewhat scruffy eldest brother, their arms around the other’s shoulders, clearly laughing at some private joke.
“Perhaps just slightly more than you, Sergeant Gregson, but they’re fast and far less obvious. Of course,” he raised his eyebrows at Tallack, “the General here may prefer to run alongside. If I recall, your speed rivals that of a standard quadie.”
“If this is fun, John Watson, I am going to play your game
John. In the rocker. Asleep. Melissa peacefully sleeping on his chest, snuggled close in her carrier.
Sherlock’s heart squeezed. Another thin layer of tension melted away as he carefully tucked the memory into the expansive topiary of his mind palace that held so many cottage moments.
The boy glowed, his fingers rapidly reconnecting the pins. Watching his proficiency with the confounding Netter machine, Lestrade had a brainwave.
Mycroft sniffs and pulls his hand out of the pocket of his dirt-smeared chinos, holding out a handful of tiny microphones, their wires cut. Sherlock gapes at the equipment.
“Here? You mean, right here?” John stops, dropping his bags to pull Sherlock to him. “This place,
Staring out across the broad lawn, a drizzle begins to pelt him. He knows he should go home, stop this nonsense, accept the nest he’s built and bury all of this. Deep. He should apologize to Mary. Read up on what size berry the embryo can be compared to this week. Maybe it’s up to ‘kumquat’.
He grimaced, squinting at something John couldn’t see.
Each premonition was a confounding puzzle. Growing up as a Clairvoyant, a
“Guess I was wrong about the fasting.”
John shook his head with wonder. “You really were expecting us.”
Sherlock.” He saw the troll’s wide brow crinkle with concern.
“That’s not what people usually say.”
“Hm?” It’s been so many minutes that Sherlock seems to have drifted off, lost the thread. John feels a twinge when he sees how exhausted he is.
. Sherlock almost wishes he could divulge his deductions – Mycroft can sometimes help him see what he’s overlooked… when he isn’t being a complete prat.
The sound of the gunshot takes heartbeats to reach his brain, the whole room slowing down as he turns and finds Sherlock stumbling backward, the bloom of red at his shirtfront so small, barely larger than the red buttonhole of his coat, and though some part of him demands he keep his weapon trained on Mary, most of his mind is screaming
“Was that… in the prophecy as well?” John asked warily.
Clutching his index fingers in her strong fists, her big blue eyes widen to focus on his face as she gives him a toothless smile that could be gas, or could be happiness. Either way, it makes him grin at her with a ridiculous pulse of affection.
I can’t believe I let you go on for so long. We don't even have
At first John goes into town three days a week to talk to the counselor, then two. Now it’s just phone calls, as-needed.
Sherlock repressed the sudden urge to run into the man’s room and shake him awake. John, he reluctantly reasoned, would need to catch up on his rest.
Tears spring to John’s eyes and his throat constricts so tightly he can't call back.
“John,
Sherlock suddenly goes rigid beneath John.
is the chaos even our most skilled tacticians cannot easily predict.”
but I can give it all manner of puzzles, important enough problems. They just won’t get me – or you – killed for the trouble of defending someone’s innocence.”
John pinched his eyes shut. It made no sense. His magic took conscious effort, focus,
“Not really. She accosted us in the
Maybe Regents Park.”
“The Magpies?”
“Least I didn’t break my other leg while I was at it.”
“I. Need to send the video. From yesterday. As evidence.”
quite effectively. We found him trussed up in iron cable, hanging inside the bell of Big Ben.
“John, don’t think about this yet. You’ve just woken, you’re still so -”
“Who are you!” he screams toward the opening. “Get me out of here you sick, sodding bastard!” His thoughts race, but it’s all coming back in disconnected shards of memory that make no sense. Sherlock holding a baby… Mrs. Hudson in a… sports car? A mad genius sister running them through horrific trials…
I’ve caused you—”
posters plastered to a nearby wall, but saw no Netter patrols.
Do make sure he can dance.” She winks. “Then, I carry his child.”
“If not handled delicately, all my work here could be for naught!”
The kettle boils and Sherlock makes no move.
The air is getting fresher and it rouses him a little. He can hear Sherlock’s voice reassuring him from above.
“Easy. I was there.”
“To heal Sherlock’s magical exhaustion, of course. Keep picking, they will be so much more potent coming from you.”
Tell me you can hear me–”
“But you were thinking it very loudly.”
so often occur when we let our guard down, John,” Sherlock mutters, consumed by the footprints pressed into the dust between patches of rough grass. “If accident it indeed was – which would be much easier to prove if yesterday’s stampede hadn’t trampled half the footprints…”
As they pelt along the pavement, a discordant bray of shouting cuts through the air. People yelling slurs, someone crying out.
It could jeopardize my clearance to join the Netters.” Kinsey peered at him. “Say, why haven’t you signed up yet? I’m sure they’d take you quick, what with your decorated history.”
“Christ,” he whispers. “It’s a damn well.” As John takes a step toward the wall, the water sloshes around his calves. It’s gotten deeper since he woke.
“Oh.” He blushed again. “Um, if I can ask, I keep trying to understand this
“I can’t
“You...
“Why?”
PSS For any curious, my 8yo still likes to bounce outlandish plot ideas off of me now and then, and often says, 'Mama, you should go write!!' but is now pretty removed from the project. Which is perfect timing, since the simmering, slow-burn romance would definitely not be his cup of tea. ;D He prefers when I write him Kiki's Delivery Service 'easy-reader' fanfic! <3
Iron blocks us, weakens, binds.”
is becoming increasingly tedious. Should have just shot him, too. But worms can be
John realizes Sherlock is shaking him gently, calling his name firmly –
He stares up at the ceiling, jaw working, seething.
As a pan filled, John was dimly aware that Mrs. Hudson would float it down the hall to clean it in the bath. Occasionally, she renewed Sherlock’s deep sleep or patted at his forehead with a cool flannel. John felt anchored by her calm presence as nurse.
Sherlock realizes he hasn’t released Dr. John Watson’s hand. With a quick shake, he lets go.
“Just
He spends an inordinate amount of time lathering each cleft and mound and curve of John’s body. He feels himself stir again as the water rinses it all away, revealing his skin. John leans into him beneath the hot jet of water, grinning sleepily, his eyelids heavy and drooping.
“Good. Excellent, John, now listen. There’s a rope, we can climb out.” John groans against Sherlock’s collarbone.
“I didn’t do any such thing. I was
“Mess?” The new delivery man’s youthful, weathered face crinkles with a wry smile and Sherlock’s stomach does something funny. “Looks like a bomb went off in a library.”
Sherlock sighs with exasperation, but keeps his voice neutral.
“His real name is Sherlock Holmes. Quiet, kept to himself. If he can fly un-collared, he likely had abilities that would’ve made him a lucrative circus captive. Might have legitimate Clairvoyance. Could make tracking him interesting if he can anticipate our actions.”
Throwing away all caution, the gun still pressed to his head, John bellows, “She’s got a gun!”
“You bite your left thumbnail when you’re puzzled. It’s rough while the others are smooth. I’m assuming it’s recurring nose-bleeds. Had one right in your office. The speckle, there, on the front of your right thigh. You’re concerned it’s due to more than atmospheric conditions.”
happens? Who?”
“John,” Sherlock rumbles hoarsely. “Yes. Always. I’ve loved you. Since the beginning.”
Will fill our days, for you were born to me,
“Brother mine, come inside. You don’t do him any good by getting pneumonia in the rain.”
From far off, he can feel his body nagging him for attention. As he trots to a door that will bring him back, he passes by a wall safe he’d hastily built the day Sherrin showed up. Twisting through the combination, he tugs open the heavy door to find a chain-wrapped wooden box brimming with his anxiety over Project Redbeard. He pulls a ring of keys from his belt and unlocks several padlocks, snaking the chains away. He doesn’t open the box. He knows what he’ll find. But he looks at it for a very long time. When he finally closes the safe, he does not lock it.
John pelted through the forest in what he hoped was the direction of their shelter, adrenaline and fear glossing over the pain in his leg. He’d get in the shield, they’d hide or run, try to push across the Wall. They had a chance now.
Lissa has retained a passionate, fiery temperament that he and John find admirable, if exhausting.
His sudden, dazzling solutions had complicated more than one session between John’s thighs – no matter how much he’d tried to reassure him that he could
Sherlock warms at the weighted reference to
Panting, he kneels and orders himself to breathe slowly, sliding his fingers blindly along the links, cuff and bolts, feeling for any weakness. The metal is solid. He huffs, standing, pushing his freezing hands into his armpits and shaking his head.
“Thank you, John. I know that was…
was a
"Yea," John huffs a shaky laugh. "Yea, this was good. Very good."
The wave of sorrow that hits John threatens to suck all the breath from his lungs.
The panther blinked slowly.
The boys hooted and jeered. Johnny wrapped his head in his arms as Orvis telekinetically pelted him with rotten apples.
It takes all of Sherlock’s skill as a charlatan to keep his head from snapping up in surprise. He’s glad it’s not him hooked up to a heart monitor. It would have surged. He tries for a combination of imperious, hurt, and quizzical.
“Thank you, Molly, no, I’ve already monopolized too much of your time. I’m sure the stiffs are backing up in the morgue.”
“So… what’s the bad, then?”
There was absolutely no logic to it. No sense. Through the purple bolts of energy encircling them, John gripped Sherlock fiercely around the middle and stumbled forward in a clumsy leap.
better, Dr. Watson.”
“You’re new.”
“Hope you know what you’re doing…”
“Right, but how did you know? Is there some trick to it? You saw him with his gear on after a class and he didn’t know it. Or you popped by Zappa’s for a slice, but went unseen in the crowd. Like a magic trick – they don’t know how much you know. Makes you look clever.”
eating on a case?”
Subject: Re: Guess who!
John shook his head slowly, trying to fit this enormous idea into his mind. “But, however did you find the place?” he finally blustered.
why Sherlock had opted for the inn and not the campground closer to the trail. Being so close to John, his scent, his warmth, especially after today... He’d only wanted a bit of the old adventure for them, a puzzle to crack, a tramp on an old mountain. Now it’s become…
John studies him.
An ambulance is approaching, eerily quiet with sirens and lights turned off, flanked by two unmarked cars. Sherlock knows there is a highly-trained guard riding in the back with John, holding a very large gun, should anything happen en route.
...for
No sultry missives from you lately. Should I take this as a sign? It’s okay, you know, if we part ways. No hard feelings. It’s been great. I think it will be better for you to not be tangled up with me. I’m a bloody mess right now.
“—has been
And so oblivious that by summer’s end, the sturdy, chestnut-paneled Inn would be a pile of ash, his family flung to his aunt’s stony southern sheep farm, and his lonely nights plagued by dreams of Faerie magic.
“It’s alright, Sherlock,” John breathes, resigned, the fire extinguishing. “I get it. A bit of thrill, a good dose of The Work. I’ve missed it, too. I was honestly excited to visit a place you remember so fondly. It just... brings back... things.”
“I may have been…stabbed… earlier this evening.”
“Thank you,” he says quietly. John leans over, ruffling his hair and kissing him quickly, then jumps up to finish packing.
through the water and knows he’s done it. The strain on his leg evaporates and he suddenly buoys up higher in the water. As his head breaks the surface, he greedily sucks in air, weakly treading water with two free legs, but not for long. Sherlock splashes to the surface next to him, gasping, and pulls John against him with a fierceness that surprises him. They breathe together like this for several heartbeats. Sherlock's dark curls are limp and dripping over John's face. Even on tiptoe now, Sherlock’s chin is just out of the water.
Sherlock scoots until he’s sitting on the edge of the couch, John just within reach, and gently presses his fingertips into his back. He massages the tight shoulder lightly. Gradually, John unspools like a tight spring and leans back between his legs, relaxing into the pressure.
When he has gone through his favorite rooms, reassured that everything is intact and just as he left it, he ventures down stone stairs to the musty catacombs where the taunts and jeers of schoolmates, the crushing sensations of not belonging, slumber in vaults. When he unlocks their iron doors, the barbs and stings are as fresh as the day they were thrown at him. He wallows there a while, then seals them up again and heads back up to the light. Even the bad memories are worth storing. They have their uses.
“John, perhaps there will come a time when I can do this work again. But I need time before I can chase after it. A lot of time.”
The food solidifies into a lump of concrete in his stomach.
His curiosity burned brighter.
Sherlock took his fingers away. John absently rubbed at the spot on his temple.
“Why do I –?” John frowns at him incredulously. Sherlock finds he likes this righteous anger almost as much as the warm grins. “Because I’m a bloody doctor whether I’m getting paid as one or not.” John ducks into his kit, his tone becoming softer. “And I’d prefer if my most interesting delivery not die of sepsis from a bloody knife scratch.”
never wanted me dead. Quite the opposite, it turns out.”
“Be serious, Sherlock,” Mycroft snaps. “They have employed many secret societies to do their work, the easier to achieve influence and separation when necessary, but have always been known simply as
He pockets the rosin and picks up the violin, settles his chin, and begins to play.
They wait, just breathing together, waiting for the wave of authorities to invade their nest.
Three operatives sweep around the room, checking closets and behind curtains. Another three head immediately upstairs. John can see others circling the house, looking like guests meandering around his unkempt garden for a breath of air after dinner. His operative speaks rapidly into her wrist-piece in a code John doesn’t understand, then turns and briskly salutes him. Startled, John salutes back.
< “No, no,” Mycroft waves his hand irritably. “They are but a
John folds Sherlock’s hand into his and holds it like iron, then leans closer, settling against Sherlock’s shoulder. With a shiver and a spasm of breath, Sherlock drops his chin to rest on John’s soft hair, breathes in the scent of him. Moth wings unfold in his chest.
Sherlock huffs a low laugh.
The day is a royal wash. First the row with Mary. God, pregnancy hormones are a bloody nightmare. He’d stormed out of that one, too. Should have gone back right away, apologized, made her that thing with the mushrooms that settles her stomach, given her a damn foot rub in front of the telly. But the very thought had repelled him like the push of reversed magnets. This had troubled him so deeply that he’d just kept walking.
“Oh John,” he sighs. “It started so much longer ago than that.
Sherlock turns, surprised when John wraps an arm around his shoulders, holding up his mobile before them.
Mycroft is already turning back into his room.
“No, of
Sherlock loves when they work together. Though sloppy in his methods and easily distracted, his eldest brother is encyclopedic in his knowledge of organic chemistry and Sherlock always learns something. The depression fades and Sherrinford’s curiosity rekindles. He’s more willing to dive into the repetitive, but vital, trial runs and makes some astounding leaps in his observations that dazzle even Sherlock.
“Your side table. Should still be hot.”
me!” he shouted, immediately regretting the outburst as his voice was swallowed up by the dense forest.
Sherlock locks eyes with him. They both pull in huge lung-fulls of air, and at Sherlock’s nod they drop beneath the water.
“Yes, yes, alright.” He launches off the bed and calls through the closed door. “Mrs. Hudson, the passcode if you please.”
“You jump at my lightest touch. We haven’t been physically close since the incident 2 weeks ago. You call off work more days than not and text me constantly when you’re gone. When you’re home you rarely let Melissa out of your sight. You haven’t slept more than a few hours at a stretch and frequently wake from nightmares. You rarely eat. You do not sleep in our room, or even go into our room for any reason you can help. Even your limp has begun to reappear at times.”
“I don’t think luck had much to do with it,” Sherlock mumbled.
…” John huffs, looking down at himself, then at Sherlock, shaking his head with wonder. “Incredible. Just.
A gust buffeted them. Thick forest sped by below. Sherlock absently ran his hand over the exposed skin of his neck.
“Alright?”
“Helmholtz is
She smirked. “Gave the Netters a merry chase. They came through a few days ago.”
the Moriarty anymore?”
John writes to Mrs. Hudson that they’ll be back the first of September. Sherlock has found another research position with an apiary in London. They want him to work with a certain fellow from Brighton, testing a theory about cyclical population collapse accelerated, as Sherlock speculates, by manmade environmental factors.
“How the hell did you manage that?” John raises his head to goggle at him. “She knocked us out before you could even get close with the syringe.” From beneath him, Sherlock stretches out his arm to the nearly empty mugs of cold tea forgotten on the table. He flourishes his hand over them like a magician.
“No, Sherlock, it’s not. Babies can take hours to be born.”
He wants to make an effort with this case, but if he’s completely honest with himself, he’s already given it up. It’s unnerving, it’s not like him. Perhaps the day’s shock and exertion has taken a greater toll than he’d like to admit.
John hums. “I remember we didn’t talk about the hand-holding.”
John nods, bemused. Sherlock shines a light in his eyes to check his dilation, then pulls out a stethoscope. John chuckles.
“Really, though, that was
“Lady? How can you tell?”
“I’m… not certain. It depends how extensive her network is, how much she wants to handle
Sherlock thinks over what he’s just said. Winces.
“Before we left. Skyped.”
They walked on in thoughtful, curiously-charged silence. John was just working up his courage to ask more about Sherlock’s years as a circus
But then, they shouldn’t even be here. Sherlock had called in two favors from Mycroft to assure their presence at the birth, or at least nearby.
“I’ll pick up some texts, brush up on pediatrics, if it will make you feel better.”
“I’m fine, sorry, it’s all fine.”
They have not come out unscathed.
“How will this child have any sense for its place in its lineage if it has no notion of its roots? John, you have ancestors from
“Sherlock!” he shouted. “You’ve got to land! You’re too weak to fly!”
“Where are we going now?” Sherlock asks.
Strangest thing is that it affected his memory. He can hardly remember the summer. His memory is full of holes. He tells me stories about magpies that make no sense. He and I spent a lot of time together the last few months and it’s maddening that I remember it, but he doesn’t.
“You’re going to need antibiotics for that. I’m not any kind of real doctor these days, so you’d best get it looked at tomorrow and get a proper prescription. And I’m going to text you in the morning to make sure you do, Sherlock,” he says with a stern tone that makes Sherlock’s soft gaze snap into focus. “Because I can tell you’re the kind of idiot who would ignore himself in favor of something more interesting.”
“Don’t tell what?”
through the water and knows he’s done it. The strain on his leg evaporates and he suddenly buoys up higher in the water. As his head breaks the surface, he greedily sucks in air, weakly treading water with two free legs, but not for long. Sherlock splashes to the surface next to him, gasping, and pulls John against him with surprising fierceness. They breathe together like this for several heartbeats. Sherlock’s dark curls are limp and dripping over John’s face. Even on tiptoe, Sherlock’s chin is now just above the water.
Sherlock wants to be naked. It seems like an extremely good idea. But the bed is so soft and he really must be well-rested for what he’s been envisioning doing to John all during dinner. He’ll just close his eyes for a moment. Didn’t he read somewhere about the restorative properties of minute-long naps? Edison or something? Yes, just a teeny, tiny little rest…
“What’s gone?”
Of course Sherlock & Sherrin name their lab rat Morpheus when working on a formula to induce dreams (albeit very nasty ones). I liked to think of young Sherlock and Victor reading Neil Gaiman's Sandman comics, starring Dream/Morpheus, right about the age I did.
ones? Just
Sherlock snapped up guiltily, catching John’s eye and seeing the ghost of a fond smirk. He’d become unexpectedly engrossed in a cluster of fascinating fern sporangium growing near the log they sat on.
Sherlock runs his fingers over the nape of John’s neck and into his hair, making John shiver pleasantly.
Mrs. Hudson gave him a kind, sad smile. “Poor dear. It must have been so confusing for you all these years. But you must understand, you were
John just chuckles and shakes his head.
Sherlock takes a close-up photo of the claw marks, and another showing the relative position on John’s back, but is very careful to exclude a wine-colored love bite near his neck. Buttoning his shirt, John sees his eyes and a flash of worry crosses his face.
“Don’t squeeze, she can nip.”
’ and felt a fierce pulse of pride. Wind buffeted his face. Through watering eyes, he saw Sherlock’s radiant, victorious smile.
John finds himself pressing his back hard against the frosted glass wall, hands clenching, biting his lips to remain silent while his heartbeat pounds in his skull. It’s Mary’s voice. But there is steel and venom in it, a voice he has never heard from her. It sends claws of confusion down his spine.
“Doesn’t know a thing about it. Mum’s cool. Living with my sister. Better that way, yea?”
“How in the hell can you know all of this?” John sits up suddenly, his hair mussed from the massage. A horrible thought has just occurred to him. “Wait. Sherlock. What did she call you, at Magnusson’s that night.”
took the captive halfbloods across the Wall to live with a bunch of renegade Faeries who
“He’s an excellent conversationalist. Owed me a favor. He agreed to break his chain, then start a bit of a stampede. He’s not dangerous.”
… to somehow physically embody the permanence of our intentions.”
Sherlock badly wanted to re-route the conversation. “Mrs. Hudson – in this journal, you write that you traveled to the Maijuna Empire, far south of the Equator. Is this where you acquired the trinket of the jaguar situated by the bathtub?”
in the flat?”
“Oh, bloody hell, that’s just what I need, two mad scientist Holmes brothers leaving tongues in the crisper.” John rolls his eyes dramatically, but Sherlock can see the mirth in him.
“No, Netters don’t kill. They hunt and trap, bring the poor blighters to that abominable Lab of the Queen’s.” William spit covertly toward the stove, where it fizzled against the hot metal. “She ain’t no queen a’ mine.” He took another long sip of his tea. “It’s a tragedy, it is. We don’t have anyone to stop whoever’s doing the killing. No one cares, see. One less halfblood in the world, don’t matter a whit. And these attacks, they’re not
Orvis flexed his fingers and cracked a wicked smile, a wolf in a thirteen-year-old’s short breeches and jacket. “Oy, little Johnny,” he panted, “stay a moment!” With his legs locked tight in Orvis’ magical hold, he didn’t have much choice. “Wasn’t done having our
“Um, I’m okay, really, a bit done in, quite scrambled, but I’m sure it’ll pass.”
He dives back under the water. After some frantic groping, he finds the pipe again. With only his sense of touch, he jams the balled-up shirt into the opening with stiff fingers, staunching it briefly. The force of the flow pushes it back into his hands. With a silent curse, he surfaces for breath.
Lestrade grins, shaking his head. “Well, that’s bloody romantic. For you. But what’s this you’re saying about
freak?” Byrum crowed with delight.
“–got to stay with me, John.
Sherlock strides back to the small table by the window, pulling the rest of the autopsy photos out of the disheveled pile and holding the magnifying lense close to the papers. Under the lens, a small blemish on the victim’s upper arm jumps into view, clearly showing three symmetrical scratches. Just like John’s.
John plucks at it, smells wool-and-Sherlock. “Your coat,” he smiles, shivering. “Ta.”
Sherlock stares at John angrily, then expelling his air in one long jet, he nods.
carrying what looks to be a rejection letter. Thin envelope, red ink.”
get you your own,” John chides, grinning.
in destroying you if it caused me pain.”
No one knew where the ‘wild, evil halfbloods’ were taken, but they never came back. Wild magic could do anything. The thought usually gave Johnny a thrill, but today it was a stone in his stomach. How could
“John, as ever, I humbly ask your forgiveness for this encroachment of your personal space, but needs must.”
Magnusson lies in a crumpled heap on the floor, a bloody cut on his forehead. Sherlock, his hands raised, glances at John. He does not look the least bit surprised to see him, only sad. Terribly sad. In two steps John has placed himself in front of Sherlock, blocking him from Mary-no-
Still relaxed on the couch, Sherlock studies John quietly.
Sherlock half shrugged as if to say,
A wave of nausea rolled through John and his vision swam. “I’d heard rumors – that she used halfbloods for experiments… But
“So, you got a boyfriend? Ever fooled around?”
“I get my own mind palace
Before he could even feel properly abandoned, she reappeared a few steps away, returning to rub his ankles. “Sparks, what are you–”
“This is about
“I’ll be careful,” Lissa says soberly, the familiar serious expression creasing her brow beneath the flyaway strands of pale hair that have come loose from her braid.
just a flimsy act. He irritably plucked up his penny. “Right, then,” he muttered. “This is rubbish.”
me?” Sherlock’s arms twitch. John wonders if it’s possible to
They hammer the air with closed fists, suddenly opening their palms, fingers contorted.
Her own thorough search results in two forms of completely unique identification, a polymer blade attached to her calf, and something suspicious in a pencil-thin aerosol adhered to the small of Rosamund’s back. She then pulls a black, leather-like ribbon and a small silver apparatus from her own side pockets and quickly wraps restraints around Rosaumnd’s wrists and ankles. Once affixed, the material is skin-tight and has no visible closures.
Before his better sense could persuade him, John had quit the guild and left the weaver. She took it well, thinking him a little mad. He packed his few belongings and enlisted into the Queen’s Men. His parents had been relieved that
“What are you up to, over there?” John asks, looking up from the instructions for a crib he’s been puzzling over for the last twenty minutes. “Christ, I swear they didn’t include all the hardware. I’ve got about
Sherlock looked stricken. “My apologies, I–”
“My old house.” John grins at him.
The clockwork half-man made John’s stomach turn. What an abomination, to meld machinery with flesh in pursuit of power! But the thought of
Sherlock huffs.
Grumbling about ridiculous, newfangled contraptions, Lestrade heaved himself out of his chair.
.” The halting words tumble out. “I was so alone. Doesn’t take a great leap to see I was stuck in my head, chained, drowning, calling to you. But you found me, just before… before I went under. You held me up, helped me breathe, made me a harness to pull me out, kept me warm. And then I fell asleep, and woke up…
John’s eyes widened, his heart constricting with the sudden reminder of
to Gran. You let. Her. Be.”
“Are you upset? That I won’t help?”
. . .
“You don’t have to get rid of
John nodded, his eyes darting to look for a squad at the mere mention, but the courtyard remained quiet. “Yea, it’s ironic. They hate wild magic, but crave everything it can do. But it’s not
Mr. Holmes, and I’m going to have a look. Don’t be an idiot. This needed medical attention.”
He wakes with a startle to find the second IV bag empty and John still perfectly calm. Lifting himself heavily out of the bed, he pulls on new gloves and removes the IV, rubs the skin with an alcohol swab, and covers the wound with a small plaster. John does not stir.
Confused by the blurred, panicked realities of dream and waking, guilt crashing into his gut, John scrabbles over the bed to help Sherlock up, babbling, “I’m so sorry love oh my god are you okay please be okay–”
Although there were some, myself among their number, who worked tirelessly to reduce the impact of his aimless destruction as much as possible without drawing attention to ourselves.”
“Oh. Oh!” Sherlock looks up at his brother with wide eyes. “You’re trying to induce unconsciousness.” Sherrinford, sprawled sideways in a matching leather chair, smiles over his drink at him.
He’s nearly cleaned the plate when there’s a knock on his door.
“I heard you, when you were sitting where I am now, and I was the one hooked up to the machines. You didn’t know if I’d live through the night. You sat right here, so close to me, and I could see and hear everything and do
The thunderhead evaporates and Sherrinford smiles again. “Good, that’s a relief. Because no matter what you’re up to, Sherlock, you
. We’d probably just be a stupid, sad memorial about now if it weren’t for Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson.” Avery’s chest heaves.
“Well, at the very least we won’t have a witness to our exchange,” Sherlock says almost cheerily. When he continues, there is steel in his tone. “Rosamund. Our agreement. I have your word that John is safe now.”
He pulls back from their embrace, kisses John quickly on the mouth, then darts from the bathroom, towel forgotten.
. In particular, the dancing lessons at the flat
John smiles wolfishly as he pulls off the sodden dressing gown, nibbling the skin he uncovers.
For ten years, John had hidden in plain sight among the Wall Guard, the least likely of havens for a secret supporter of the Faerie. He’d managed to learn so much, but he was still far from his dream – to cross the Wall, to meet true Faerie… and find the
John turned to go. “Pleasant dreams. Maybe I’ll see you in one,” he said with a wink over his shoulder. “Oh,” he frowned, pinking anew. “But I s’pose we needed contact for that?” He cleared his throat again and stalked to the loo.
Words began to pour out of the man in a breathless, earnest rush.
Sherlock blinks blearily at a Mycroft-shaped object at his bedside. His head thuds with a rhythmic pain and as he shifts to sit up, he hears a sudden tutting. Lances of pain zap up his sides.
“I’m so sorry, John. I tried to keep you safe.” He can’t keep it at bay anymore. “I failed you.” The grief washes into his mind palace in a flood of thick, black water.
It’s not a question and Mycroft knows it. His pristine brother’s face is waxy, shadows under his eyes, hair mussed, clothing stale.
“And it’s a crime,” John giggles as Sherlock sets him back on his feet, cheeks pinked from more than the raw March air.
John’s insides writhe. The first three nurses shuffle in, not saying anything, their expressions inscrutable behind face masks.
They almost lose them at a light, but the cabbie outdoes herself, using the company’s GPS to locate them.
“Yes.”
“That’s just those who commented. It’s had over two thousand hits already.”
“Chen, didn’t you see?” his boyfriend mutters to him. “They were holding hands. They’re like
Curled into their cocoon, Sherlock matches the rhythm of John’s breathing, a trick that usually helps him stay focused on the present… but finds he’s wandering along the cool corridors of his mind palace to the library. He scolds himself for resuming The Work and turns to leave, but finds he’s facing a door he hadn’t even realized he was searching for.
Nurse: (startled, but smiling)
John’s head spins. In the darkness, in his shivering, exhausted state, he can’t tell if Sherlock
“Well then,” Sherlock said with a bewildered smile that John returned. “Welcome to London.”
at you, half-starved I’ll wager.”
captives for us to rescue. It is the wild magic in our veins that she infuses into her Netters, enabling their survival. She injects it into her
“Fuck-buddy? Swain? The object of my affection?”
I was hard-pressed to find any halfbloods in the city above. No matter how clever the glamor, no wild magic can hide from those horrific Scutter’s domes.”
It should have felt impossible – but he’d always struggled to blend in. Perhaps it was the wild magic in his veins that had pulled him toward the Faerie all these years. John watched the sheep-flecked fields slide by far below, his nerves alight with a dangerous thrill. Here he was, escaping a future as a half-machine abomination, flying away from everything he knew into the total unknown with another halfblood…
But there is the… other evidence. Sherlock pauses, then reaches to the bottom of the steamer trunk, unlocks a hidden compartment in the false wooden floor, and takes out a small round object swaddled in soft velvet that’s the precise blue of John’s irises. Protected inside the folds is a smooth glass egg, shot through with wisps of silver-gold, the color of John’s hair in afternoon light. If he didn’t have the artifact, he wouldn’t believe it had happened at all.
Relief flooded him so quickly that John was certain Sherlock would feel it. “We’ll need to work out glamors that don’t fade before tea,” he said lightly, hoping to cover his emotions.
The city felt peaceful to John.
All hesitation gone, Sherlock looks right into his eyes.
threats. I stopped watching you. It… hurt. So terribly. I knew I could deconstruct the final threat on you and Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade. But at the same time, my last task was to unravel a nest of very tricky international corruption. I was… distracted. Over-confident of how it would end.”
His skin prickled with fever and his limbs felt leaden with exhaustion. He squinted with eyes that struggled to focus.
John’s heart sunk. He had always imagined halfbloods escaping
” Sherlock frowns, feeling genuinely concerned.
“How’d I do?”
Sherlock sucks in his breath and goes rigid beneath him. The fire crackles. John stays very still, letting this sink into him without pushing too much right away.
John gives his shoulder a squeeze, then winces, rubbing at his temples.
“It’s okay, you’re safe now, ‘Bee, you’re safe…” he coos, over and over, as much for her benefit as theirs.
True enough – both outcasts, a squadron of Netters in pursuit, Sherlock barely able to fly. His stomach squirmed with embarrassment.
kind of skill! It’s no wonder they’re so desperate to re-build themselves as Netters.”
In the frenzy of his panic, a calm, quiet voice cuts through. He’d been expecting this. And here it is, at last.
“Sherrin – this isn’t the first time you’ve woken.”
Sherlock reaches out and tentatively presses a hand on John’s foot through the blanket. When John doesn’t twitch away, he experiments with keeping it there. John lifts his head and appraises Sherlock, thunder in his eyes.
“I’ve been fascinated by them ever since I was a child. My grandmother kept hives and taught me how to be among them without hood or smoke and never get stung. She’d have been astounded to see that little lady.”
” She wrung her hands in frustration.
Scutter’s Domes. Magical harpoons. Truth sensors. Lestrade’s predecessors had taught him very different methods, with a very different goal. For most of his career, halfbloods had been tracked using cunning, intuition, and patience. He’d been performing a vital service – separating incompatible species for the greater safety of all.
She held up a hand to stop his outburst. “You must understand the history. After the Wall was built, captured halfbloods were simply destroyed – hunted for sport, burned at the stake. A horrific era. Then came the Secret Seas Peace Agreement of 1201.”
He taps his lips and then strides over to the windows, observes his new delivery man limping to a dated bicycle, a cargo crate on the back. Well-kept, nothing flashy. He attaches the cane to the frame with clips he’s rigged up, straps on a helmet, and pedals off. As he weaves into traffic, Sherlock detects no hint of weakness in the lame leg.
“Good first.”
"If I don’t do it now, it’ll soon be over my head anyway.” He pulls in a sharp breath, squeezes his eyes shut, and plunges under the surface.
Though Mrs. Hudson wanted to promptly begin their training, Sherlock trailed off into the bracken, time stopping as he became absorbed in the ancient flora.
“Yes,” Sherlock finally utters, his throat tight. “I imagine she has.”
,” he hissed through his teeth, heart pounding. The panther stared up at him with wide, yellow eyes and blinked meaningfully. John tried to regain his composure. “Sorry, erm,
Sherlock returned the grin, touched by John’s childlike awe. The troll thumped a steaming, bucket-size mug of tea before each of them, then turned to putter at his pot-bellied stove, whistling a cheery song. Sherlock attempted to sip from his enormous tumbler of tea, slurping noisily in the process.
“What? When?” John stares incredulously at him over a forkful of peas.
Around the solid grip of Sherlock’s arms, John feels the shock covering him like a heavy drift of snow, sound and sensation coming from far away. Melissa is dozing on his bare chest in her striped green and white sleeper. He looks down at her as if from a great height, at all of them, his little family knotted together, the sofa like a raft adrift in a chaotic sea.
“Brilliant, John.” Despite the freezing water, he feels warmth spread through his chest at the unexpected praise. “But you’re not shivering enough for this temperature. You've been exposed too long and are likely going into shock judging by your exhaustion and mumbled speech. We need to get you out and warm as quickly as possible. We must unlock this chain now.”
Sherlock sips the cold tea, feeling warmed by John’s care as he bustles around the room bare-chested, towel about his waist, hair mussed. He brings Sherlock’s laptop and paperwork to the bed and sets his mobile into his hand with a small grin.
Hands clenching and unclenching, Sherlock’s tone is quietly livid.
So that part of the rumor was true, at least. John ground his teeth.
“Was it just the image? Did you also remember voices? Smells? Sensations?”
“John,” Mrs. Hudson tutted, making him turn. “That poorly-mended leg simply will not do. I know a decent healer in the Wormworks – that’s our secret city
Pushing the frantic worry into the catacombs of his mind palace, he stares hard at his brother, absorbing minute details, extrapolating and theorizing automatically.
“It worked, you know.”
“We understand how these things go with creative minds,” she purrs. “You need to be properly
“It’s good,” John chuckled, patting his dense chin-whiskers. “I bet with a bit more practice you could really fill it out.”
The Queen was dead, long live the Queen. The Princess’s royal duties loomed. Toria was instructed to leave behind her childish whimsies and focus on duties befitting a Queen. The Laboratory was to be shut down.
“Yea, I’ve heard that bravado from you, before. Then we ended arse-up in a laurel bush.” John finally turned and gave him a small smirk. “First, let’s get some food in you, your energy is still deeply suboptimal.”
John emerges from the bathroom, skin pink and scrubbed clean, smelling of his shampoo and an unfamiliar chamomile lotion that must have been complementary from the inn. Sherlock surprises him by having plates of steaming fish and chips, peas and carrots already brought up from the dining room.
Quietly, a brittle dam bursts. A dark wave of memory floods John’s mind.
“But you did it. You came back.”
Gingerly. he eases into the bed behind his thrashing friend, the person he cares more for in all this world and the person he
As Sherlock turns, John sees his eyes are red, cheeks wet. He catches John’s eyes and a bolt passes between them. John’s own eyes well up and his throat tightens too much for speech. He just smiles at him, and hopes the pride and love are clear.
“Wait,” John says quietly, “like this.” He gently shifts Sherlock’s hand holding the stethoscope to rest slightly higher. “So you can hear the superior vena cava.” He lets his hand stay on Sherlock’s a moment and their eyes catch, sparking. They hold each other’s gaze for a long moment. A bright, snapping heat smolders in John’s chest, his accelerated heartbeat pounding through the stethoscope.
“It’s… You’ve only just woken. And even though I’ve been going over and over it in my mind, I’m still not sure how best to tell you without–”  His voice catches and he stops, drops his gaze to his feet. John can see the strain and exhaustion etched into his face.
“Don’t get
“Sorry. Here, let me help you up.”
Sherlock felt a pang deep in his gut. Five years later and it was still his greatest fear that Lissa might be somehow spirited away from them, though the threat of Rosamund was gone. Though he and John didn’t speak of it, Sherlock found it very interesting that Lissa had come to this conclusion so quickly on her own.
Sherlock huffed. “I know only too well.” He suddenly looked uncomfortable. “My grandmother was a Clairvoyant – ahem, a
Sherlock sags against him. “Never mind, it was a stupid ide–”
John let his head droop with relief.
“What is your name, young man? I apologize, my memory is not what it once was.”
Sherrin knocks his chair over as he scrambles to his feet.
Blinking to clear his vision, John startled and swore under his breath.
John shuddered, his head spinning.
“Pardon me, William,” John spoke up, brushing toast crumbs from his shirt front. “Sherlock’s coming down with something quite serious from our swim in the Thames. I need to do some urgent healing on him, but it’s lengthy – I need to begin as soon as he’s eaten. May I borrow a bucket and a sheet?”
When I was pregnant with our didn't-know-he-was-a-son-yet-son, we found the best way to test a potential name was to work it into something we might yell. If it could work in a parent freak-out, it could probably hold up anywhere. :)
John gently pushes his fingertips into Sherlock’s hair. “Would that have been literally, or figuratively?” His touch is feather-light, but John feels how tense he’s become. “Hey, hey,” he soothes, ducking to try and catch his eyes, brushing back the mop of curls. “I didn’t bring this up to make you feel guilty. If it hadn’t happened, we would have had a
“Well then, what’s this–” The bubble pops as he closes his fingers, thick and clumsy, around his find. It’s thin, and even with the coating of algae, sickeningly familiar.
“Still can’t believe, all that time, what she was
have Faerie blood?”
“John,” he smiled, a little shyly. “You have done me the greatest kindness.”
Sherlock blinks rapidly.
John’s eyes held his for a simmering moment before dropping again. He cleared his throat. “Mrs. Hudson, you are a miracle worker,” he said too-brightly. “Sherlock up and breakfasting by the fire was not something I expected to see this morning.”
: Yes. Already begun.
He hands Sherlock a paper-wrapped parcel he must have purchased when Sherlock had been preoccupied selecting Rosie’s dragon. Tearing the paper away, Sherlock uncovers a hardbound copy of the Mabinogion with gold-edged pages, the red cover emblazoned with a dragon woven into an intricate celtic knot. Blinking sudden moisture from his eyes, he pulls John to him for a long, deep kiss.
John is shivering too hard, too compressed by Sherlock’s fierce embrace to do much more than nudge him with his head. “Hey, look, we’re okay. We’ve gotten out of scrapes before. We’ll be alright. I just want to go home.”
The bathroom is full of steam as they take a long, slow shower together afterward. Sherlock slowly washes each part of John, noting which places get the most reaction - the back of his knees being the most pleasantly surprising and earning them their first shower fellatio.
Sherlock snorted. “They don’t want anything to do with
Incredible fungi. Vivid lavender.”
One afternoon he gets a postcard from Victor showing the forbidding tooth of the Matterhorn, the card detailing adventures in Switzerland that cost him a broken ankle. He includes a strange collection of characters he calls an E-mail address.
“Yes,” Sherlock says reverently. “When you woke, and we kissed, my archives exploded into a giant like this one, but with red flowers.”
“Hey,” he called after several silent, uncomfortable minutes.
– I’ve got to get the police, the press,
Is this how you feel when you’re at the clinic?”
“You’re crying.” It’s barely a whisper, a croak, but Sherlock hears him and pulls back abruptly, just far enough for their eyes to meet and it sends another bolt through him. John’s vision clears to see Sherlock pale and scruffed with a ragged beard, eyes bloodshot and sunken with shadows and worry that’s being smoothed before his eyes by the most relieved smile, tears still staining his cheeks. Sherlock sniffs and ducks his eyes, but keeps his hands on John’s face, thumbs moving in little circles on rough cheeks, and John can feel the surge in his chest explode into all of his limbs and he’s grinning back and they’re giggling, giggling til they’re breathless til -
for it.”
with The Work. Tonight was the end of it, wasn’t it? I just… I understand, I do. But it will take some time to understand how we
Subscribers, the new content begins: “Let’s just rest here a moment,” John tried to say casually...
“I’m just his delivery man.”
Sherlock flourishes his hands toward the two place settings.“Then do allow me to thank you properly for your services last night.”
Sherlock shivers. It’s the tone that always comes with something he’d rather not hear. It’s warm, lightly vulnerable, hinting at something hidden in John’s own vaults, but buried so deep that he doesn’t think it could ever be exhumed.
. Nearby, a church began tolling. John breathlessly counted seven chimes, heart thundering in his chest.
haven. Best place for ya, I think. Now. Hate to rush you out, but spies don’t sleep, your glamors age as we speak, and I’ve got pipes to see to in the Wormworks that no-one’s a-going to fix but me.”
“You ran out of time, little brother.” Mycroft is clad in sharp military dress, in stark contrast to Sherlock’s ragged, blood-soaked travelling clothes. “You had your ten minutes, and your extra ten minutes, and even a sympathetic
“John, look at me, John.” Greg is peering into his face, hand on his shoulder. John’s chest is heaving. The bed sheets are clenched in his fists. He’s vaguely aware the nurse has fled. “Right, now just calm down, John, you’re at Bart’s, Sherlock’s been shot, touch and go for a bit, but he’s okay. You can see, right there, he’s breathing.”
“Someone who knew how to spell-break
“Rosamund, if you are implying that I am trying to double-cross you by involving John, you would be most mistaken. Why would I threaten his safety so close to your assurance of his freedom? It would be counter to my goals. He stopped by the flat earlier. We quarreled. As did you, I believe. I don’t know where he is now.”
Though he is aching with cold, the sheer ridiculousness of the moment hits him: sitting in Sherlock’s arms, naked in his precious Belstaff, alive. A wave of giddiness washes over him. He giggles, then clears his throat, trying to sound serious.
Sherlock stops listening, mentally leaping through his knowledge of dementia and the brain, but he doesn’t know enough about the catalyst of her memory loss. He needs to do research, he needs to do it
John slides his hand from Sherlock’s back and presses it gently on his chest, just to the right of the bullet scar.
“When is my brother coming?”
Sherlock’s hands slide from John’s back to hold either side of his face, precious. His eyes try to swallow John, the way he is now, sleep-rumpled, creased with weariness and worry, the grief of the last few months –
“After my Fall, I learned that it was no accident that these cases came to my attention. It galls me to admit that I did not recognize the pattern in the moment. But in truth, nearly every case you and I handled in our first year together was...”
“I’m sorry… I’m so sorry it took me so long. To tell you.”
“John,” he hums.
sorry I worried you, but I admit I’m grateful you’re back. We both missed you. How was it?”
Mrs. Hudson pads over to them, settling down a full tea tray with a basket of muffins on the coffee table, nudging aside an open bin of wet-wipes and a half-full packet of infant nappies. Burp cloths and small outfits are draped on every available surface. A white noise machine whirrs softly near Sherlock’s head.
While they’ve dallied, a large crowd has filled in around them on the summit, elbowing in for a look at the copper monument and angling for their own selfies. Sherlock is suddenly overwhelmed by the press of bodies.
. Eagles are the only acceptable way to cheat up to a summit.” He looks around to find himself alone and hurries to catch up. John has marched on ahead, clearly eager to be done with the excursion.
He confronts John mid-pace and crushes him into a hug.
“Sacre… sacred heart? But that’s… isn’t that a fiery heart?”
John peered at him. “Is that what you really look like?”
“I will not. I will get you off this godforsaken cliff immediately. The path goes on to Snowdon. We can take the Pyg Track down.” He snorts. “Compared to this, it really will be like walking through Regents Park.”
“Sherlock.” John massages his temples. “Are you saying you intend to
Sherlock looked uncomfortable. “I… don’t remember.”
Huge thanks to my beta shirleycarlton for riding the writer rollercoaster alongside me with enormous patience and an eagle eye!
John marveled at her remarkable, seemingly effortless magic, but suddenly stiffened as the panther sauntered past him. A faint musky, peppery scent followed the great cat. Lune sniffed Sherlock as he padded by, then stretched out before the fire, the tip of his tail flicking.
“It’s okay,” he soothes. “You were in a terrible position. You did right, though. I’d have blundered off like an idiot and very likely endangered all of us. I’m quite sure I’d be dead.”
“So I get to see it?”
Sherlock smiles sadly at the praise
The maelstrom of John’s warm, anxious, mortified feelings made Sherlock grin into his pillow. “Perhaps,” he muttered, rolling back into his blanket cocoon. “But you, John Watson, are full of surprises.”
“Jesus, Sherlock, come here,” he whispers, and slides his hand into Sherlock’s curls, pulling his face toward his. John’s breath flutters over his skin as their lips touch.
Sherlock deposits his jars on the bedside table, which also hold his violin and bow, and
“Mmm. Although,” Rosamund continues in a slight sing-song, “you have certainly caused me enough grief in this lifetime to take great pleasure in my revenge. I almost wish you’d push me to it. But then, I never liked playing by the
“I’m done. It’s rubbish. I won’t make something that inhibits memory.” The proclamation tumbles from him. Sherlock feels equally righteous and heartbroken for what this will do to his brother.
________________________
But Sherlock…” she whispers dramatically, “if you don’t mind my asking. What of the baby?”
“Meeting me? Don’t be ridiculous.” Sherlock smiled a challenge. “A glimpse over the Wall. You couldn’t possibly say no.”
Sherlock startles into full wakefulness, finding himself alone and tangled in the bedclothes. His memories of the night tumble back to him – at least, he
John’s scowl deepened and he crossed his arms. “She’s been doing this for her entire reign, Sherlock – the deaths of hundreds weigh on her head. How is that a
“So do I,” John smiles warmly and leans across the table to press a gentle kiss to his lips. “Don’t wonder. It is what it is. We’re here, now, and we won’t make a mess of it. We can’t. We’ve almost lost this too many times.” John sits back with a resolute huff. “Please be prepared, Sherlock, because I am never letting you go.”
would have tired out long before. He’ll be weak after so many years of servitude. But it makes sense that they’d be headed that way, as the Netters seem to have surmised. We’ll get there ahead of them and be ready. Lots of underground halfbloods in London. I’m sure we can keep ourselves occupied until they arrive.”
John felt his cheeks redden and focused very hard on the mortar.
Sherlock feels the air in the room go taught and turns to find John giving him what he thinks of as his
They scrabble hurriedly on the floor for discarded pajamas and dressing gowns, the banging coming louder. As they hasten down the hall toward the door, Sherlock lightly touches his back.
The delivery man limps laboriously back down the stairs, leaning heavily onto his cane. The front door shuts
“Bloody right we are–”
It’s unnerving.
Sherlock gaped at him. “But how? The King of Faerie would never allow it.”
He had the sudden urge to grasp his baffling companion’s hand and fly them off above the treetops, but looking through the dense trees, Sherlock could see Mrs. Hudson perched in a broad-limbed oak tree, waving her straw hat at them.
Sherlock followed, boots dangling from his fingers, and crouched next to her by a bushy hedge of jewel weed. The little orange snap-dragon flowers were bright in the gray light. Together they hunted for the fattest seed pods, crowing as the slightest pressure of a fingertip set the pods springing open, flinging the seeds in a very satisfying way.
“How on earth are you tracking her?”
“My god, Rosamund–” Sherlock gapes at her.
John reaches for her, but hesitates, looking his question at the nurses. It feels so odd – this child is his, this
With an impatient sigh, Sherlock roved restlessly around the flat, gazing out the windows at the busy street below, scrutinizing the eclectic artwork, and pouring over the bookshelves.
John startled as the man leapt to his feet and reached for him across the small table. Before he could react, the medium had pressed his fingertips to John’s temple. He flinched back, but the man moved smoothly with him, maintaining contact.
Now they’ll have the tools to turn these memories on and off at will. They’re moving ahead with the plan, I’m sure of it.”
A war veteran, who has witnessed worse things happening to me and remembered every detail–” he looks quickly at the kitchen, but John is preoccupied.
Close to the horizon, a zeppelin trundled ponderously over the pale green hills. He’d gone walking there with his dad right after the move and knew they were peppered with ancient stone circles. The hills and stones had been a wonder to them both, if a far cry from the deep pine forests they’d often trekked through in their old home up north.
Sherlock blinks quickly, heat pushing against his eyes.
“Good, John, you caught that,” he hums, almost to himself, then sits up to meet his eyes. “For your safety, I have had to hold back a great deal from you. Ever since my return. It has been… horrible, having to keep so much from you. But. It’s finally time for you to know the truth. All of it.”
And say what we can about Mary. Some idiot who thinks you’re a nice little married man is going to get a shock if they see us snogging on the street.” He lights up.
John scowled nervously, the full magnitude of his action dawning on him. “How are you going to avoid capture?”
When he was little, he’d listen to her stories as she pulled one after another from her seemingly limitless collection, all perfectly intact. Hers was always a garden, brimming with flowering trees and fruit-bearing bushes, mossy stone walks wandering beneath willows. There was a hedge maze populated by a topiary menagerie, each trimmed boxwood holding vital information.
He grins a challenge into Sherlock’s stormy face, fingers sliding beneath the coat, burrowing and tugging until they touch the soft skin of his lower back. John tips up his chin to kiss him, pouring all of his relief into the hungry crush of their lips.  “If so…” he whispers, coming up for air, “I am
“Oh, sure. Plus the love bites on John’s neck while his wife is mysteriously
Morning light. Unfamiliar bed. Sound of a river. Smells like John. Naked?
“Sherlock.
The weight pushes him into the earth – he’s been lying in the forest for hours each day to avoid it. No one bothers him out here, and the proximity to trees makes it easier to visualize his garden.
“Are you implying you think this has happened before? I got
“Sherlock, there is nothing traditional about you, about us. If you… wanted to go...
bloody good.”
Deeply asleep, Sherlock did not respond.
Sherlock catches his breath. Sherrinford’s moods are capricious as a summer thunderstorm, lances of brilliant sunlight immediately shuttered by a thunderhead, a quick downpour, then radiating golden sunlight that sparkles on the startled, saturated grass.
thing beforehand?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes again.
Sherrin turns to him, squinting.
John’s forehead furrows as he frowns at the floor.
Minutes later, Sherlock returns, interrupting his reverie by placing a steaming mug in his hands, a plate on his lap, his expression curious and soft as he reads John’s eyes. Settling next to him under the covers with a contented little sigh, they tuck into scrambled eggs gone cold and toast left too long in the toaster, saved by jam. John accepts it gratefully anyway, the food improved by how happy Sherlock is to simply sit next to him in bed and eat it.
In response, Sherlock tugs off the offending clothes that John has had the nerve to cover himself with. He eagerly assists, letting the tea go cold as they discover more about their new territory beneath the blankets.
The healer set the candles and tray down on a table, then crouched by Sherlock’s side. “You’re awake,” John said quietly, his face lighting up with a smile that crinkled his eyes. Relief emanated from him like the glow of a warm fire.
And so did John.
Two days later, he’d woken. And John had never uttered another word about his midnight confession.
. He stares up at the starry sky with reverence, feeling as if he’s just been exhumed. After several moments of fussing over him, Sherlock’s voice breaks through the fog settling heavily in John’s mind.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow at John.
The crickets and katydids are creaking in the darkness. John is on the last page.
Sherlock frowns, but doesn’t deny it.
His brother lets the shirt drop to the floor, then turns heavily toward him. His face is stricken.
“Sherrin? Hey, it’s me, it’s Billy. They… they said you wanted to see me.”
bedroom."
“And you’ve got the folder of documents?”
“Funny,” John grins fondly, watching them. “I designed this as a place you could be alone, spread out your poisons and breakables without Melissa being underfoot, but I see now. She’ll be joining you down here as soon as she can hold a pipette.”
The certainty came quick and bright, making Sherlock catch his breath. He examined the fizzy sensation in his belly. Nervousness? Eagerness?
“So there are. It’s alright, they don’t hurt.”
From: wssh1875@iol.com
“It’s just–” John blustered.
come say hello on
“When I was away, my focus was on a particular threat to you. And I wrongfully assumed that it was the only threat to you. When I completed my... dismantling… I anticipated I would finally be able to come to you without threatening your life. I knew it would be horrible. For you.” His voice becomes very quiet. “It was horrible for me. I had hoped, the day I returned, that we could reach an understanding. Much like you – the afternoon you rode the trains and made up your mind – I had hoped the things I wanted to say to you would… lessen the hurt. Perhaps. But when I arrived, there was a viper in my nest.”
“Who are you?” Sherlock narrows his eyes.
“Boring, most of it. Very little I hadn’t already learned myself. Met this one interesting bloke from Brighton, though, who had a much-discredited theory I was very curious to hear about.”
Sherlock saw John begin to protest, but the troll held up his huge hand. “I’m sure yer
John gave a little gasp as Sherlock’s words seemed to unlock his memories of the world beyond the dream. “Yes – of course.” He frowned suddenly. “But I don’t want to be in this house any longer.”
The Netter’s metal parts shone eerily in the beams of their search lights. He brandished a long, barbed pole that glowed with energy. John had never seen this contraption, but it looked vile. He could now clearly hear the Agent, likely an Inspector judging by his red bandolier, grumbling to the others.
“It seems needlessly complex.”
“You… alright?” Sherlock asks with sudden trepidation.
John smiled incredulously. “Sherlock, you had a very unique education. The only thing they taught us about wild magic was that it was a
This story is my humble gift to the fan community who shares my love of the Johnlock universe. No matter what the show writers choose to do, if anything at all, I feel deeply content in my bones that the story and characters I love have been brought to a healing place in my own mama-orion way.
Sherlock huffs irritably. “There’s no page for it in this blasted, simpleton book! I’ll have to make my own.”
“—thirsty. Here, let’s sit you up.”
He’d sunk to the ground and stayed there for some time, using an old, soft Sherlock-scented t-shirt to mop his face, until Mrs. Hudson had found him and pulled him away for a strong cup of tea in her flat.
“Mm, not yet.”
“Don’t you
From: wssh1875@iol.com
“Ock! Oodle! Ock! Ock!”
“Ta, um, I’ll just…”
She waved his words away. “The London halfbloods are
Sherlock, stunned, begins to catch up with his mind’s observations.                          Sherrin is well. Sherrin
mum’s mending!”
some bloody attack is going to happen, maybe already did.”
tell me your brother doesn’t love you.” John pops a chip into Sherlock’s mouth to keep him from uttering a smart retort. He can see he’s touched.
our child?”
John’s stomach gripped with a thrill as he realized what Sherlock was implying.
John scoffed. “I wasn’t putting William off,
“Why?” Sherlock asked through another enormous bite of egg. He didn’t particularly mind having his onerous-sounding Expunge delayed.
Annoyed, but curious, John sat down with a huff and waited for the show to begin. He was expecting more rehearsed hokum and vague charlatan predictions, but the medium held the silence. Suddenly, the hood was tossed back and black curls tumbled around the man’s lean face. Unnerving, glass-green eyes met his. John shied back as if his stare had physical force. A large, pale hand emerged from the folds of the cloak and hovered in the air between them.
The sponge-bath glimpses flash in his mind. He wants to see John, all of him, immediately, but he has the distressing realization that in order to remove John’s shirt, they will need to briefly stop kissing.
Settling with her on the sofa, Sherlock accepts the cloth and warmed bottle from John, who plops into his chair and props his head on his arm to watch them with sleepy, half-hooded eyes.
“Well then, what’s this–” The bubble pops as he closes his fingers, thick and clumsy, around his find. It’s thin, and even with the coating of algae, sickeningly familiar.
It's going to get gentler soon, I promise.
John obeys, let’s himself sink, pushes at the floor, breaks the surface, sucks in air, submerges.
Chen is working tomorrow night. Bloody hell.
“So did I,” Sherlock said with a small smile. “I can only surmise that you are yourself and we are sharing a dream.”
– ruled in gentlest balance by the blackest-skinned mages. The young Martha Hudson declared them not Faerie, not human, but another being altogether who lived half in this world, half in a dream-state beyond even the boundaries of Faerie.
Sherlock gives a small jolt.
Still, sitting here on the top bunk crowded together, the warmth of John and the scent of him does things to Sherlock’s chest that he quickly pushes down with well-practiced discipline.
“Okay. Sure. Well, good night, Sherlock.”
John wheezes. “My arse is on fire just from this one bite!”
to see you awake. I was so afraid–”
“I made sure to find a pair that matched the curvature of your footbed. Not an easy match. You’ll want to have extremely good grip where we’re going.”
They’ve wanted this for you for a very long time.”
Awkwardly floating in his bulky harness, John wonders if the rope is really going to hold his weight. Sherlock gives a final decisive tug on a knot. He speaks slowly, deliberately, as if John’s already-inferior mind cannot comprehend speech in his frozen, half-drowned state.
“I’ve been interested to learn what makes these bees so different that they could survive an epidemic.” He is quiet a moment, then says soberly, “The bees are disappearing, John. It could be catastrophic to every ecosystem their pollination sustains if we lose them, not to mention our own food system. I’ve found the subject fascinating – no one knows quite why they’re dying, though theories point toward the weakening impact of pesticides to their immune systems. Did you know they can be trained to detect bombs and can distinguish human faces? There’s actually a Knightsbridge bee walk I’d like to do one day, if you’d like to come along.”
John has followed him, wrapped up in the bath towel. He pinks a bit at the sight of Sherlock striding up to him, triumphant and naked, photos in hand.
It was ancient, wild magic – uncouth, piratical, downright illegal – and John loved it. He loved the harmonics, loved the sensation of the molecules arranging into sweet, simple rows as the atoms bent to his will.
“Not finished yet.”
John gives a small groan of exhaustion as, relief waning, he skeptically eyes the slender rope Sherlock used to descend into the well.
“Oh, good to
“My dear, I do believe you have passed through your eight-week transition into pattern recognition. And what a lovely brain development that is. Oh, the wonders the world has in store for you. John! Look at this! Lissa’s studying her own sound patterns.” Sherlock bends close and babbles back to her, matching her rhythm. She whacks at his face with delight.
It’s perfectly silent on the ridge. Not even a fly buzzes them. Hardly any breeze, either, like being on the moon. Unfamiliar beeps tug at Sherlock's focus and he looks around to see John with the new camera pressed to his eye, silver gleaming in the mid-day sun. He spins in a slow circle in the middle of the saddle, capturing a 360° panorama, red ‘record’ light flashing. Sherlock grins, enjoying seeing him occupied like a proper tourist.
John grins at Sherlock’s deep and commanding voice. Coat swirling, he rushes through the back door, eyes sweeping around the dim kitchen, past the single-minded operatives hunting through his pantry, until they land on John sitting on the sofa in the shadows.
“Come in, you sorry sot,” he shouts, “it’s okay, I won’t throw anything at you.”
John’s words have the desired effect of striking him speechless. John looks down on him fondly.
she demands, giving them both a little shove toward the door. “We will be
—presses a straw to his lips. John gulps the water—can’t drink it fast enough to slake the thirst that’s clawing at his parched mouth. He tries to take the cup, but finds he still can’t make his fingers do as he asks and gratefully lets Sherlock hold the cup until he’s drained it.
Sherlock squirmed, but found getting to his feet was still difficult. “John, help me to the loo, would you?”
“Sure, it’s a sport to them, pulling men under,” he frowned. “Can’t help it. Comes from being hunted by humans for so many years.”
“Yes,” he smirks, “that’s clearly foremost on your mind.”
John hums. “You can have
John suddenly snaps the laptop closed and pushes out of bed, walking resolutely to the kitchen where Sherlock is mixing eggs in the buck.
Sherlock’s face crumples and he sucks in a breath, diving again into the cleft of John’s shoulder.
Panting into his mouth, fingers slackening between their slick bellies, John finally collapses against his chest and buries his head against Sherlock’s neck, chest heaving, panting
“Good. Here, I’m going to work on the left shoulder now, okay?”
“Truly, Billy, I’m flummoxed. Not all that interested anymore, excepting my patron is rather
“How long?”
He moves to roll out of bed, but Sherlock is already awake, gently pressing him back down.
It is one of three in Britain that I’m aware of. Another is to the southeast, by Kent Downs.”
“Just take it slow, you haven’t walked for several days and the drug has done its damage. Your strength will return.”
John felt bitterness souring his image of the species he’d long revered. “Then, if it wasn’t the Faerie,
His fretful thoughts scattered as they were shoved by a strong air current. A terrifying instant of free-fall clenched his stomach. Instinctively, he tightened his white-knuckled grip on Sherlock who spun them into the cooler air stream. John noticed Sherlock didn't whoop with joy this time.
John shrugs and smiles, the storm drifting away.
Blinking his eyes against a steady patter of rain, he groans. He’s laying on leaf duff deep in the forest behind the manor, wet and shivering in his thin summer clothes. He feels leaden with the tremendous weight that has occupied his body ever since the accident, one that has nothing to do with his injuries, which are healing.
“Here,” John says, handing over the pistol. “This was on her. And there’s some kind of capsule stuck to her inner left wrist.”
“No, well,
From: redbeard001@ox.edu
After several long quiet minutes, Sherlock can hardly take it anymore.
Private Kinsey read skeptically. “Really, Doc, A mind reader? What a load of rubbish.”
“We’ll go through it together, John. Are you rested enough for this? We could wait–”
Lissa-Bee. Three days in and he’s nicknamed her. A bubble of ridiculous joy fills John’s belly.
you.”
John inhaled sharply. “Finding me a healer might be a bit harder than you think.”
Mycroft appraises him, waiting for the wave of pain to settle.
Just a sec, love, Sherlock’s just gone up. Didn’t know you’d both be coming tonight.”
“It’s okay. We’ve sold the house in Wembley. We’re comfortable.” Better to let that suffice, he thinks, than get into the stipend Sherlock will receive for life as a retired Moriarty. “Thank you, you’re a love. Next time he’s out, I’ll pop down and go over the details, sign the necessary papers. Let’s keep it a surprise.”
When everything seems to be correctly attached, he gently tugs a fresh pair of his own ancient pajamas onto John. They’re too big for him. This clinical familiarity with John’s skin feels natural now, though certain thoughts betray his professional demeanor. John’s skin is softer than it has any right to be.
Donovan sniffs at him, then turns to the other officers and begins giving orders.
“Yes, Sherlock,” she smiled sagely. “Please tell us how you knew.”
“Good, see that it continues. While the Wall stands between us and Faerie, our dreams are free to travel as they like. I had a very meaningful dream last night.”
John sighed. There were too many magical mysteries to sort out. For now, he needed to focus on his patient.
Sherrin, still in his paj­amas, is sitting at his desk holding his head, the breakfast tray still overturned on the floor.
John huffs a humorless laugh against Sherlock’s shoulder.
A note of caution: this chapter deals with the fear and threat of drowning.
Again, the fire cat leaped
Had things not turned out differently.
