“You’re messing with me aren’t you?”
“Steve would be.” Clint laughed breathlessly and inched back when Tony growled at him.
“I’m not sure.”
A moment passed between them. His fingers slowed down and just brushed over the silver of the little shields lightly. The metal was smooth under his thumb, save for the ridges of the shield.
His memory still hasn’t come back. The doctors keep insisting it needs time but he’s starting to really worry. It’s been four months. Nothings changed, only that he’s gotten to know both Ty and Steve.
Grant’s eyes clocked onto the red ship in the distance. It was getting closer and the lights were flashing an aggressive red.
Scrunching his eyes shut, he groans a little at the stiffness of his body. Then he opens them again and turns towards the voices.
Maybe if he was good, he’d be allowed out with Tiberius. Maybe he’d be able to earn a favor and-
You can’t replace the sun. You can only eclipse it for a few moments. It will always be there.
Finally he answered and Tony’s hopes were completely dashed.
Then he glanced at Steve’s uniform just behind him.
Tony sighed and walked up to the window. Slowly he inched forward and tapped on the glass window. The guy barely stirred.
“He told us. It was designed with one goal in mind.”
And Steve. Of course, there was Steve. He and Steve had been-
“Steve-Steve breathe!”
“It’s you I’m interested in, Mr. Stark. You have a lot to offer and I think we can all agree that the only value your company offers, is the name attached to that building.”
“Look, I’m just saying, if one of my soulmates came into my life, I’d one-hundred percent retire, right here and now.”
Then he didn’t bother to wait for a response. He turned and prepared to jump.
you bare your fangs in the main cavern?” Zeke said, suddenly dropping his voice to a low, quiet tone. He strode into the room, somehow occupying the whole space with a mere step to the center. Placing himself between Norman and Whitney, he turned his dark maroon eyes on Whitney. Not once did he blink, not even when she flinched under his gaze.
There’s one mission left. And that will be it.
And it was shaking like a leaf.
“Tony?” Steve laughs nervously. “Shellhead. I know it’s a bad time but maybe...maybe we could talk?”
“Okay, great. Is this okay?”
“Either way. I have some questions. Perhaps you can enlighten me?” Steve asked politely, but there was a hint of a warning in the words and nope, Tony had stayed here long enough.
He doesn’t say a word. There’s nothing from him, not even a shift.
the last thing he remembers.
“But you did. Tony told me.”
Startled, Tony shook his head and blinked. He must’ve phased out a little. Sometimes he did that now. Rhodey said it had something to do with a lack of seeing people.
“So you don’t need to pay.” Steve said slowly, reaching in his pocket for a receipt. He held it out and kept the serious expression on his face.
The withdrawal is intense. He can’t seem to get even a hint of a cent and his body is sinking deeper and deeper into a spiral as a result.
Sometimes he’s approached by a man. Sometimes a woman. Other times it’s groups, of men, of women or even both. It doesn’t matter, they always want the same thing.
“I know about Carol’s offer. I will be refusing. I never wish to be an Avenger or team member of any sort ever again. Goodbye Captain. I hope you can find some solace after all of this is done. It’s what Tony would have wanted.”
They reached a stalemate. They continued to stare at each other, Steve’s eyes flicking over Tony, quick and calculating using this new information. Slowly he began to frown, particularly when Tony's beam only grew.
Steve was holding him now. An arm around his waist and a hand pulling his head down to rest against Steve’s shoulder. The dizziness eased a bit.
There was an awkward moment of silence between them. After a few minutes of just looking at each other, Steve seemed to make a decision and stuck his hand out with a smile.
“Tony, can you hear me? Tony?” Steve pressed his ear to Tony’s chest and felt the slow rise and fall. And when he lifted his head, he saw Tony’s eyes start to move. Slowly, those pale lids started to flutter and Steve felt his hands shake because those dark circles were so prominent, it was almost horrifying.
Steve hadn’t known what he was saying. He hadn’t had any idea what he was doing. That hadn’t been far.
Steve looked ill. His face had turned grey and sometime during Tony’s shouting, Steve had shrunk in on himself as if to shield himself against bullets.
Beyond the name imprinted lies a whole lifetime of hopes and dreams. The words imprinted on his skin were his lifeline long before Steve woke up from the ice. What Steve would never know was just how much his name had meant to Tony. When he had been only a few years old and Howard had handed him his first glass straight off the rocks, he’d held his wrist and not cried. It had been a nice cold one that even to this day, Tony remembers the burn that ran down his throat. But he hadn't
And clearly Tony felt the same.
“Steve...” Tony whispers and slumps back, feeling lightheaded. His heart aches as the cries of his pup get louder. He can’t even shift to hold him. He’s pathetic.
“What did I do?” Rogers blinks blankly, and reaches out for the blanket again and-
“Steve...”
The apathy has seeped into his bones. He’s set like this now-his new default. There’s no going back.
Tony mentally crossed his fingers and prayed.
“So I’m the best you could come up with.” Tony squinted at the paper. “You’re not wrong, this could use some work.”
“M’ sorry.” Tony whispers, feeling helpless as Steve continues to cry into his hand. “M’ so sorry.”
Tony could tell Steve was feeling smug about the whole thing but he kept going for Tony’s sake.
“I’m really not sure this is a good idea Tony.”
Steve wouldn’t hurt him. He wouldn’t dare.
Tony was sure they were just screwing with him by this point.
“-ve? Steve, c’mon. What exactly-“
“I understand you own a share in Stark industries. Is that correct?” Robinson purred, and Tony fought hard not to roll his eyes.
The stranger gives him comfort when he’s at his worst. When he’s close to tears and screaming, the stranger is always there.
His eyes flick between his teammates. They don’t say anything but Carol’s face is taut and pale and her eyes are frozen wide, like she’s been spooked.
“I’ll ask him. I’ll do it now.” She said, though Tony figured it was more to herself.
his mind supplied) asked, and he quickly shook his head.
“Yep. He seems nice. Knows a lot about you.” Tony said lightly and felt Steve nudge him gently.
Behind him, the footsteps against concrete grew louder.
It was like being kicked in the stomach. Tony almost wished he hadn’t come, just so he could have avoided hearing that.
“Um...Steve?”
He gives Tony a wry smile that seems eased by the soft gleam in his eyes. He looks proud and sure and so confident of what he’s made.
While he got what he deserved. While he stayed hidden and never got close to Steve or the team ever again. This was his justice and Steve was delivering it.
“Not everyone finds their soulmates Clint. You should retire. If I had the option to, I know I would.” Steve replied and Tony frowned at that. Didn’t Steve already know who his soulmate was?
Tony nodded.
“Hey wait! Where are you going? It’s this roof here.” Steve said, sounding thrilled and when Tony spun back, he ignored Steve’s smug look to spring into the air and land on the roof.
“So I was thinking...” Tony smiled and clapped his hands together. He had this; he just knew it.
He can just about picture the look Steve would give him if he caught pneumonia again.
The spinning disk went flying. And it landed seamlessly into the wing of the approaching red ship.
They were easily the longest forty-five minutes of his life.
Teeth sunk into the side Steve had marked him on and something in him desperately wanted to stop her from taking that mark away. But he wasn’t strong enough to stop her and waited for that feeling of blood being pulled. Strangely enough the teeth retracted. Whitney hissed loudly in his ear and it built up to a screech, that turned into moans of agony when she pulled away like he was toxic.
At Fury’s gesture, Tony walked with him back to their table. All around the room, people were ambling back towards their seats and waiters began to set plates out. In the organised chaos, Tony instinctively found himself looking for Steve and Sharon.
Steve did smile at that. Tony sounded so-so
“He’s...he isn’t around anymore.” Reed says quietly. Behind him, Strange winces.
“We already ate.” Sam said and rolled his eyes like he was being forced to bear witness to Tony’s growing agitation.
“Norman, no. It’s not a good id-“
”We did it.” Tony whispers as he realises they managed it and he knows Steve’s tilting his head.
Swallowing and outwardly shaking now, Steve lifted his hand over Tony and sent the scans. He watched the screen blearily as he waited, feeling sick to his stomach and guilty to his core. He’d kept Tony away and-
Tony cried harder and tried to hide even more. Steve leaned closer and freed a hand to press against Tony’s forehead gently. The touch made Tony shudder and take a breath, easing Steve’s heart a little.
That was the only reason Tony could think of to explain why Steve had looked so close to strangling him earlier.
Steve eyed him carefully again before smiling a little. “Maybe I do. But that’s fine, I’ll show you some other time. I’m surprised though, most people are dying to see my mark. It being Captain America’s mark and all.”
Tony caught bits of it and wondered if there was a wall he could bang his head against.
“Right.” He breathed, feeling his mind recenter once again. Then he blinked and looked properly this time.
“I didn’t realize.” He explained quietly.
Steve was beginning to form a theory. Not a concrete one but one that maybe had substance. It was entirely possible he was wrong but-
He thinks of those blue eyes swimming in fear. The light dying out and disappearing.
"Is that it? Tell me that's it!" Tony pleaded and couldn't stop himself from leering. The skin under Steve's fingers was starting to go pink. "Was it the thought of what was underneath? Because I promise you, you won't be disappointed."
“I wouldn’t brush it off just yet, Stark. I heard about your company.”
“Why, what have you found?”
The robotic sound was on repeat and Tony quickly realized this was not a drill. Something had happened.
Clearly the moment dragged too long because Steve shifted awkwardly on his feet and cleared his throat.
Thankfully Steve shook his head, whining a little.
Tony wants to thank her. If she hadn’t told him that he’d wanted this, he might’ve missed out on the best feeling of his life.
“Umm...Mr. Robinson?” Tony laughed nervously, raising a brow. He’d had his fair share of being blanked but this silence was far colder. Sub-zero.
After a moment of hesitation, Tony reached out and took the bag, dragging it into his lap to inspect it. But when he opened it his eyes went wide.
He shut it promptly. “Is that an invitation? That’s why you brought me here?”
Pausing, the doctor pulled up a clipboard and began to jot some things down. After a while, he looked up from his notes and inspected Tony carefully.
Perhaps he’d just wait it out. What was the worst thing that could happen? Perhaps the man hadn't seen him at all.
Once settled, they browsed the menu and placed the order. Drinks arrived and by that point Tony had managed to shake his surprise from earlier.
Automatically, Tony held out his hands and swooped low, meeting Steve’s arms as he did. They grabbed each other’s arms and Tony used every bit of his strength to pull Steve up and out of immediate danger. But they weren’t done yet.
Tony couldn’t help it. He started to smile, especially when Steve glared at him.
“God, so rude! Does he have no manners?”
Steve held open his arms and beamed. “I am. Come on Tony, make me howl.”
Tony’s heart stopped. He shouldn’t have looked behind him.
“How does it feel?”
They were healing. Finally, after so long. It would hurt too much to lose each other now. Tony wasn’t ready. He knew he wouldn’t be able to handle it, not with how hard things had been.
At last, Tony gave a small smile and placed his hand on Steve’s huge shoulder. This, he could handle.
“Do any of us look like we want sloppy seconds?” Some woman in the back muttered and suddenly he was the centre piece to a whole group of laughs. As if they’d been given permission, the gates opened, and with it, their harsh judgement.
"Sorry." Tony murmured and looked at the ceiling tiredly. "Guess I'm not quite there yet."
Fury had mentioned he was nervous. Gabe had said he was stubborn.
“Don’t you
Steve pulled him back ever so gently and looked him over, bringing his hands up to cup Tony’s face. Then he leaned down and pressed his lips to Tony’s.
Just before Tony can say anything, the door swings open again and hits the wall with a loud crack. And in walks a different alpha.
“You’re perfect for him. And he’s perfect for you. You told me he made you happy whenever he was with you.” Pepper urges and then her voice softens. “Surely that can’t be a bad thing, right?”
His face is pale and covered in scabs, no doubt as a result of the infection eating away at his skin. His lips are parted ever so slightly, like he's mid sentence and if Steve thinks about it, he can picture Tony talking happily about his latest and greatest at SI, with full lips that curve into a bright smile. This man who has so much to say but right now...
He was fine. It wasn’t Fury’s fault. After all, Steve felt the same and it was clearly with good reason.
“Tony, I-“
“Whitney, leave him. You are to escort him and nothing more.” Zeke interrupted, though there was a hard line to his words and when Tony caught his eye, he saw irritation simmering under the surface.
“Let’s go for a walk tomorrow. Spend the day outside. And at night we’ll do some roof-jumps. How about it?”
“Shhh relax. Just hold still for me.”
“Clint.” Nat interrupted, jerking her head at Steve with a frown. Beside her, the Hulk and Thor’s eyes dropped down in resignation. Sam’s expression was carefully blank.
They meet on neutral ground. Weirdly enough the Avengers had decided on the place of the incursions. The point where the worlds can be seen instead of a kinder horizon. Two points meeting, and seen from both sides.
“Ah, forgive me Anthony. I am tired. Perhaps we can discuss this tomorrow? It’s been a long night, and I simply wanted to know that you’d returned. We’ll discuss the rest of it tomorrow.”
That didn’t stop a small part of him from hoping.
Tony continued to laugh until he couldn't anymore. Until he ran out of both breath and patience. When he lifted his head back up, everyone shifted back.
“I brought it like a said I would.” He said and the bed dipped as he leaned over and draped something else over Tony’s body. It felt like another blanket but it smelled so good. Earthy scents of a forest, and the sweet dampness of spring time, the slight sharpness of lavender and pine.
The instant he felt Whitney’s hand on his shoulder, the skin around his eyes grew tight. He dropped his hand and waited.
for crying out loud!
Once upon a time he would’ve joked about that. Once upon a time, he wouldn’t have given up. On his hopes and dreams for his company. On his belief in the Avengers. In Ironman and in Steve. His love for Steve, his hopeless
The door shut behind him, enveloping him in the darkness.
The first flicker of something appeared on Tiberius’ features. His lips didn’t move, but his eyes darkened in color. When he spoke, his voice was cold as ice.
"Mhhmm Tony?" Steve mumbled behind him and shifted closer. "Are you up?"
Tony didn't go back to the office when he got the notification, but decided to put the tablet down and use his lunch to take a quick break. His head was starting to spin from the constant staring at a bright screen-something that never got to him before, but now, with the sheer amount of screen-time, was becoming a daily problem for him.
It was a lost cause. The top of his suit was ruined, including the tie.
The corridors were quiet because it was eleven in the afternoon. Steve would be done soon so Tony wanted to get his stuff quickly and be done with it.
It was two am and the world was surprisingly loud for being so far into the night. Tony crouched between the shadows, moving swiftly from roof to roof, scouting the several blocks he’d been charged with.
“I don’t think there’s a rule for mates who’ve been frozen in ice for a couple of decades.”
blame himself for not searching for Tony? Maybe if he’d gone out and explored the Battle World himself, he would’ve found Tony searching for him too. He’d probably have laughed and said something sly if they’d met. Something like
“Are you really gonna be like that?” Tony finally said, feeling his anger start to spill at the seams. He’d dealt with a lot of people like this before but-
Not the research team. The Avengers.
It was also a familiar gold. And had a red colored stain on the jagged edge.
“Steve, I just...”
Thor looked worried too. His expression was dark with rage but it was clouding over with something that looked a lot like fear. Tony wasn't used to seeing that on him. The last time they'd spoken, Thor had turned his back on him.
Only he pauses. There’s something different.
Something broke in Tony’s heart. Like the last vestiges of hope falling away into the distance. Like being close to the sun and then watching the light fade out. Every last hope and dream and shred of happiness and companionship.
Tony hadn’t moved but Steve could feel the subtle change in scent. The sick, aching scent of fear was starting to fade, and something warmer and softer was seeping through the edges.
Steve stills for a moment. Then his lips start to curve up into an eager smile. “Tony-“
“Okay.” Tony nodded and stood. “I’ll see you at three then?” He hedged, still unsure.
“Oh god, oh my god-“
They simply sat beside each other on the table in silence and didn’t speak. They didn’t even look at each other, instead choosing to admire the intricate patterns on the table cloth. They didn’t even blink when Maria said she was leaving to find Nick. It was fine.
“Tony-“
“Be alive with me tonight, Steve. Make me howl, puppy.” Tony said, and pulled Steve in for a kiss. Their lips pressed together, soft, plush and warm, and Tony melted into Steve.
“I’ve loved you for years. With everything that’s happened, that hasn’t changed. We’ve been through so much together and even though you irritate the hell out of me sometimes-“ Steve’s lips twitched when Tony snickered. “I still think of you. Everyday.”
With a roll of his eyes, Tony nodded and accepted the papers, taking a moment to flick through them.
“Take a deep breath Shellhead.” He breathed, watching Carol and Thor emerge from the mist.
“Thank you, Hill.” Steve said quietly, still scribbling away and suddenly Tony couldn’t believe he was listening to Steve’s voice after so long. Had it really been three months since Osborn?
“The doctors told me you were in stress when you arrived and you passed out during the procedure because your blood pressure dropped. It was only for a minute but still...” Steve takes a shakey breath and hugs him close. “You had me really worried there. Especially because you went into labor early.”
Another part wanted to tell Pierce to shove off because this really wasn’t a good time and he could feel the floodgates starting to give with every second added to this night. Tony clamped his mouth shut and swallowed.
Tony looked at him quietly, finishing his food as told. His eyes kept glancing at the tablet.
"You haven't done anything? You haven't taken anything?" The scarily accurate Steve says and before Tony can even open his mouth and say anything, Steve is following his eyesight and turning to look at the things on his desk. Then he lets go and heads for his desk.
"What? Tony, what?" Steve stepped closer and tipped his chin down. "Tell me."
Steve looked away. Tony couldn’t see his expression but the grip on his hand tightened.
“What’s this?” Tony says and picks up the item on the bed and turns to Rogers. It’s a soft blue blanket that smells of a very unique scent. Like apples and vanilla. It should clash with the natural scent of metal and coffee but instead, Tony finds himself drawn to it. He keeps breathing it in.
It’s simple really. He hurts. He hurts everyday and it hasn’t gotten better, not even a little bit. It’s been four months and he still feels Steve’s absence like a gaping hole in his heart. Sometimes he wakes up and just lies there, staring at the ceiling and wondering what it must be like to be enclosed in the same coffin Steve’s in, and be carried into the depths of sea, free from anything that can hurt you.
He’s in the mansion. It’s broken and hollowed out and still feels like a home. He’s alone and stepping around the broken floorboards carefully, looking closely for his things, mainly the pictures are what he wants. But more importantly, he just wants to feel a sense of home before he dies. Something to help him find the strength.
It was the woman who'd asked him to sit at the table all those weeks ago. One of the few people who hadn't sworn at him, or mocked him for his recent failures.
Someone had thought about him though. Someone had actually thought...
Little had he realised Steve truly
“Anything looking familiar, Shellhead?” Steve said warmly, and Grant jerked his head up in surprise.
“I know why you did it. I get why since I’d do the same. But can you please, for once in your life stop giving me a heart attack?”
The room went quiet. Everything went still.
“It’s a fair deal- “
Tony nodded and stood. His back ached. His heart beat in a slow and tired rhythm. A pointless effort.
True to his word, Steve notified him of his armor being available in the office. Tony's mind was still reeling from the realization that Steve had no issues with him using it. It was hard to believe Steve was willing to go all the way down to get the suit for him. If Tony didn't know any better, he'd say Steve
Tony closed his eyes and smiled. Typical.
“I got you something. I thought it would work with your-ah. Your suit.” Steve said, licking his lips a little and pushing the box into Tony’s hands and suddenly Tony was hit with the realization that Steve had just stumbled on his words. Steve never,
Tony had given everyone their own floor and had given them a group floor for all of them to spend time together. And by them, he meant the others. That didn’t include him.
" Tony felt something begin to build up in his chest. Like molten lava threatening to spill. He was dangerously close to losing it all.
Any spare time he had was spent in his corner in the sleeping quarters. If he wasn’t just lying on his bed, just waiting for the room to clear, he was sitting up and staring at the sky through the window. Occasionally, he’d feel a twinge in his heart when his mind drifted to thoughts of the suit.
“Got any other ideas?” Tony said quietly and watched the reflection’s lips perk up.
here?”
His hands felt hot against Tony's stomach and Tony struggled to do more than shiver under Steve since Steve was using his strength to keep him in place. It was sinfully good, like coming close to something you know you shouldn't, or playing with fire when you know you're going to get burned.
Tony couldn’t hold him back. Not when tomorrow, he’d be forgotten from the outside world.
The thought of water filled his mind. He almost reached for his bag and took one of the tins out, only he couldn’t. What if someone on the blue ship needed it more?
“Hey mister!” He calls out, waiting for the man’s head to turn towards him. “Can you do me a favor?”
The dark grey clay under his feet was becoming more blue and crumbly as he walked. Beneath it, slow tendrils of smoke swirled outwards from the cracks, almost curling around him tantalizingly. The mist was sinking lower and becoming a bigger obstacle for walking. Luckily nothing was on the ground to make him trip-
“Who’s this?”
Steve's voice trailed off as he finally approached him. From behind them, Tony thought he heard a few gasps.
“...Tony...” Steve whispered and instantly Tony retracted his fangs back. He still had enough control. He wouldn’t dare hurt Steve now.
The laughing paused. Slowly Iron man turned his head and looked at Steve. He could tell he was being stared at.
“Well...thanks.” He finished lamely. Thankfully the food arrived before they could say more.
He loosened them just a fraction. Then he bit down again. There was no room for doubt.
With a sigh Tony pushed off the wall and sauntered over to the pair, a short stretch from his cobbled perch to the center of the empty cavern. The siblings were fighting again over an almost empty bag of blood and Zeke wasn’t there to make it right. So naturally he needed to step in.
“Sit down. I’ll sort the bedding out.”
“I know I don’t have it!”
Reluctant, Tony nodded. “No problem. I can get something organised. Give me time and I’ll have it sorted.”
“I don’t care. How
When he’d become what the world quickly identified as a superhero, he’d never pictured a moment like this. Where something as simple as Steve cupping his face would make so many people so...
Steve may have died. But Tony feels dead inside. Maybe that’s wrong but it’s the closest thing to real he can feel right now.
The movement jarred him and he nearly tripped. Only firm hands snatched him by his waist from behind.
Tony frowned, closing his hands together tightly behind him to hide how badly they were shaking. “My lord?”
Norman’s voice shook him out of his thoughts and slowly he stood, balancing with one hand against the wall. His legs shook under him, and there was a wavy edge to his vision. Sounds seemed farther away, an echoing chant he could time to match his pulse in his ears.
"Lucky you didn't."
He was so fed up. Everyday was just a series of insults being thrown in his face. From the moment he woke up, to the moment he fell asleep, there was something.
Steve was staring at him.
Ty doesn’t stop with his three piece suit. He takes off his shirt too. And his pants.
“Course’. Now scram. I have work and I’m already late.”
“Tony.” Bruce interrupted gently and when Tony looked at him, Bruce gestured to Nat.
“I’ve thought about it.” Steve said, confirming what Tony already knew. “They should come out today.”
Pushing himself off the bed, he sighed and made to leave his room. He had to see Zeke anyway, might as well get it out of the way.
“Where is he? Can you bring him here? He has as much to answer for as you do-“
“See you Cap.” Stark said quietly and having gathered his things, left without another word.
He sifted his fingers through Tony’s strands. “It is always good to see you too my precious pet. It’s a blessing. Have you fed?”
We’re lucky.” Strange continued, seeming to read the room. Everyone didn’t really know what to think and the original team was definitely taking this hard. Steve knew because he could see the guilt on their faces, in the same way that he felt it weighing down his heart. “He wouldn’t have made it if we’d waited any longer. You did good.”
Tony’s feelings for Steve only grew after that. More fighting and laughing and crying together had made them close-closer than anyone Tony had met in a long time. Over time, it developed into more until finally Tony couldn’t lie to himself anymore.
“You’re sticking to the plan?”
He hears her sigh and feels his heart sink with her.
When they finally parked up outside the tower Tony hedged his bets and glanced at Steve from the corner of his eye before scowling and kicking the door open.
”Right. Our chance.”
“You told me no one cared if you lived or died. The other day, outside, that’s what you told me. Because somewhere along the lines you forgot just how far we were willing to go for you. No matter what’s happened, that hasn’t changed.”
He didn’t mention the man or the police. And Zeke didn’t ask.
“Couldn’t we call for backup? There’s what? Four or five of them?”
Plus he was still hurting over Siberia.
Tony was alone in the lab when Steve walked in. And he’d had every intention of trying to be civil and discuss their issues, or at least start to, until-
“Yeah. You’re being a gentleman but really I’m fine with taking a car. I’ve got plenty. Hell, you can...you can drive if you like.” Tony finally sighed, feeling a headache start to appear. He really didn’t know what he was saying wrong and he hated this constant navigation around Steve. If only he was more sure of himself around Steve, he’d be able to relax and not feel like he was trampling on any good feelings.
Carol and the others begin to come up behind the armor. There’s a growing mumble but it’s distant. Steve’s ears are roaring and his head is spinning.
Tony sits up and reaches for his pocket again. He pulls out the card, the same way he did before.
“Hey.” Tony responded quietly, mesmerized.
Then the team gets a call. Or rather, Steve gets a call.
“You’re okay.” Steve said confidently, closing his eyes and tilting his head back to the sky. “I’ve given you a mild strain. It’s designed to kick-start your internal system. Help your hard drive as you’d say.”
“You were like this before too. When you went and deleted your brain like some noble idiot. I’m warning you now, no one thinks you did the right thing there. No one.”
“It’s not...too much. I can control it.” Tony breathed, turning a little more into Steve’s hand.
Steve’s mouth parted but he couldn’t find the words instantly. Then-
“God...” Tony whispered and tried not to feel too sick. “Please don’t be upset. I can’t-Steve I cant-“
"What-"
He blinks and turns. Pepper is there. Somewhere in the crowd among the sea of familiar faces is the remnants of the Avengers and the legacy Steve once built. An empire that’s slowly falling to pieces.
“Iron man. He’s a fraud. Trust me, you’re better off without him.” Stark smiled grimly and lifted up his glass. “Cheers. To fate.”
He's quickly benched. They all sit him down and tell him he needs some time off, that Steve would want him to have this even though he knows damn well that Steve doesn't give a shit. He can't anymore.
So maybe he could still get something out of this. Tony was desperate to save his company so he’d accept the cockiness.
All of a sudden, he spots a man by the bus stop. A tall blonde man with a long trench coat with the collar turned upwards. He looks like the man from before and Tony once again feels the urge to call out to him. He might have better luck this time.
“We shouldn’t have slept together. You weren’t in the right frame of mind after all-“
Tony felt dizzy. Lightheaded from the rush. And he wasn’t even the one losing blood.
, he was similar. But he wasn’t them.
Bright gold eyes. Like an animal’s. Laser focus, solid and clear. That man had spotted him. And he’d chosen to let him go.
His new team. His new home.
“Hey.” Clint paused his check and stood in front of him again. “He’s gonna be alright. You know he is.”
. He simply weeps into his hands while Blackbolt and Beast turn from restriction to comfort. They rub his back gently and don’t say a word.
When morning came, Tony came to slowly and registered several things. He was in a huge bed, fully naked with arms curled tight around him. And along his back was a firm chest and a familiar body.
The smile slid off Tony's face. Something sank low in his stomach and settled there.
“More than a shot. This will trigger what’s already in his DNA. Hopefully, it's just deactivated like we suspect.” Hank said, only he paused and leaned forward to look Steve in the eye. “Then again, you must’ve known. For you to have had this already synthesized.”
A growl startled them both. It took a second for Steve to realize it was coming from him.
“Go for it.” He said softly, watching her move before he’d even finished speaking.
“How much did it cost?” He asked, voice low and looking at Bucky and Nat with steeled nerves. He was afraid to even ask.
As quickly as it appeared, it disappeared. Finally, Steve sighed and took a seat next to Tony, tucking the covers tighter around Tony's waist.
He approaches the prime lab once again. This time Carol is there before him, staring at it, like she hopes it will give her all the answers.
Her pulse was slow and fluttery. With each step, Tony’s senses honed in on her vital signs until it became crystal clear. Her heart rate was slow and her body was small.
They were walking along the quiet streets slowly, not too far from Steve’s apartment. It had just gone past midnight when Tony heard the sound of crunching metal and several hisses. The sounds got louder.
He wasn’t sure he liked it.
“Why did it make you think...?” Tony’s face started to heat and hoped Steve wouldn’t make him repeat it. He really,
“You’ve gotta be shittin’ me.” Tony groaned and nearly reached for his suit jacket to get up and leave. Steve was staring right back at him from across the room. What were the chances?
Steve was an inspiration. So much more than people had hoped.
There’s shuffling all around him. The crinkle of plastic sheets, the soft pad of footsteps, the subtle echo of a heart monitor. And breathing. The sound of someone inhaling and it was coming from his left. Above him, in fact-
“Ugh, fine.”
"Unless this is real." Steve urges, stepping closer and Tony hears the faint crunch of glass. "Because you don't know how I feel. How I felt when I died."
“TONY!”
Before Steve could start his sentence, Maria Hill called out Tony’s name and Tony took it as the sign he needed. With stiff legs, Tony walked past Steve’s brick-like form and began to follow her.
“Take it Tony. You need it to get better. I’m okay.” The man whispered and dimly Tony pictured golds and yellows. He wasn’t sure why.
“So is...” Tony mumbled groggily and felt his eyes slide shut again. At least Steve was okay, even if he wasn’t.
“I brought you here because Rogers doesn’t stop talking about you. And because we all know he-“
“Tony.” Steve breathed, having stopped right in front of him. Then, without saying word, Steve leaned over and hugged him tight.
“Fine.” Tony breathed, feeling the doctor’s stare.
Carol sucks in a breath. T’Challa remains silent like an impenetrable wall but he doesn’t seem the same. The Black Panther’s shoulders are sloped. His eyes seem dimmed even through the mask.
But this was stronger and earth-shattering. It felt like he was being claimed all over again. Steve’s scent flooded his body and through the haze Tony wondered if this was how Steve felt when Tony bit
“Have we...have we lost someone?” Steve whispers because that’s the only reason he can think of for why they’re kneeling there and not doing anything-
Steve went quiet. Finally he opened his eyes and nodded.
After a few minutes of silent reading where Steve had gone back to his own sheets, Tony stumbled upon something he
Tony!”
“Hey! Get your hands off me!” The man snarled, but rather than shoving Tony off, he dug his fingers into his waist and latched on. When Tony tried to pull back, he found he couldn’t move.
Reed hums his agreement and looks away. It’s dark outside, as seen through the skylights. Space is vast and Steve suddenly feels so small.
“Call Pepper. I need her input.”
It wasn’t long to go. Steve had just texted him to say he would be arriving in five and Tony would be lying if he said he wasn’t nervous. He was waiting patiently in the main area of his penthouse, trying his best to keep his leg from jumping too much. Flushing a little, he crossed his legs and leaned back against the couch doing his best to give the impression of being a suave genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropist. Somehow his hand made its way to his chest and he tried to rub over it gently.
“Grant? Where-why would you say that?”
Steve thinks with a sick satisfaction that makes his stomach turn.
“Yeah.” Tony croaks and slowly sits up, feeling the world spin. “You nearly did.”
It was complete chaos outside. On the top deck there were groups of Shield agents, all gathered with individual weapons and layouts of their own. There was gunfire and explosions and fire and smoke.
“I’ll figure it out.” Tony didn’t want to admit that he’d forgotten about that. And he couldn’t take Steve’s chauffeur since that would be completely unfair. “Take care Nick.”
“The ambulance. The sky. The...people behind you. My hands.” Which were shaking badly in his lap. Slowly he closed them and opened them, trying to get them to warm up a little. “Your pen-light.”
Behind Steve, there’s a sharp intake of breath. And then there are whispers.
"I didn't think I had a chance. Now we're here and you-" Tony laughed again and didn't stop Steve from wiping his cheeks gently. "You want this with me. It's just a lot to take in."
“Lay off of him, he’s not your concern.”
The smile faltered on his face at that. Was Steve trying to be cruel?
"I don't think I've had that much since that day we fought Fin-Fang-Foom." Tony laughed, and Steve did too.
“Of course. I have a life to live don’t I? Not everything’s about you, pup.” Tony mocked, as if Steve was the idiot here for believing that there was any future with Tony.
“Do you...do you wanna hold him?” Tony says hopefully and is delighted when Steve nods, just as eager and wipes away his tears before coming around them with his arms out.
He was actually a bit nervous.
“Better.” Tony lied and looked around. “I need to see Steve.”
"It wasn't your fault Tony. I was wrong to say it. And I'm sorry for letting everyone believe it." He said and suddenly it was like Tony could breathe again. Like a weight lifted off his shoulders, it was exactly what he'd needed to hear, even if he hadn't known.
They’d figure it out. They always did.
It’s morning. The mysterious stranger never reappeared and after that, Tony never gathered the courage to ask anyone else. Must’ve been the blond hair that just pulled him in that direction.
“Sir, there’s no news from the viewing deck or defense. No signs of any imminent attacks or threats to the Helicarrier.”
When he'd gotten home, there was nothing on his body. No marks, no last traces, not even a whisper of what had once been. Only the deep scars from the arc reactor and the memory of fire and Yinsen’s last words.
“Relax.” Steve mumbled but there was a hard edge to it and he was frowning at something behind Tony. His hand started to brush Tony’s ribs gently.
“What does he want from me?” Tony asked quietly, feeling detached from his own words. Did it matter?
“Fine, what else?” Steve said firmly before Tony could even open his mouth. Snapping it shut, Tony glared at him but didn’t get more than a glare back.
They stayed locked in a stare for what felt like eternity. Steve could see it though. The hesitation, the pain, the unbearable
Well...this and the rest of this dinner. And finding out Steve didn’t have an interest in Sharon.
“Yes, yes. But there is only one Tony Stark. You’re company is just that, a company. But you...”
“H-how..did you...?” Tony’s eyes closed for a moment and then he frowned. But when he opened them they were back to normal, fully bright and wide and full of color. Tony’s color.
“Still not found anything?” Tony checked.
“It doesn’t make sense.” He mumbled and heard Steve laugh breathlessly.
“Tony. I’m not ready to let you go. Frankly I’m
Steve’s eyes flashed as he watched Tony’s dulled response. Then carefully, as if he couldn’t stop himself, he reached out and pressed the back of his hand against Tony’s cheek, eyes dark and full of dread.
“Captain Rogers! I’m so glad you could make it.” Alexander Pierce, the newly appointed Secretary of Defense suddenly greeted them, making his way forward through the crowd to clap a hand on Steve’s shoulder. Steve smiled broadly and puffed his chest.
Tony’s mouth closed. And ever so slowly he nodded, unsure what to say from here.
“You’re worried about me.” Tony whispered and that-
“Captains first.”
Later, when he wakes up, they tell him. They tell him how Tony created this thing. He called it the Avalon Protocol. Strange explains it simply.
“Steve?”
He swallows around the lump in his throat and leaves to find another forgotten corner to dwell in.
“Ty? What are you doing?”
Steve looked livid.
He nods again and Steve grows more eager.
Tony wonder briefly,
Steve still didn’t speak until he spotted Tony turning the cuffs. Then the silence was finally broken.
Thor opened his mouth to say something but stopped. Then he nodded and turned back round.
Steve knows what Reed’s insinuating. And frankly, it angers him to hear it.
“They’re almost finished. Do you have his birth certificate? That’s the last thing we need according to Pepper.” Bucky said, glancing around the corridor to make sure there was no one else.
Tony whipped his head back at Steve. Where the hell was this all coming from?
Dugan threw his head back and laughed and soon enough Gabe joined in. Steve’s hands loosened.
“Oh, h-hey Cap.” Stark sniffed and lifted up his face to show red rimmed eyes and trembling lips. Dried tear stains glinted off his cheeks in the light. “S-sorry, I’ll just go-“
“Tony, open the armor.” He commands and suddenly the room has gone quiet. Everyone’s eyes are turned towards them.
He knows what he looks like. He knows that his torn brown pants, filthy looking shirt and ragged green jacket do not exactly show him off as the superhero he used to be.
"You're not the only one who was being reckless. Lets just leave it at that." Steve had admitted quietly, and without thinking, Tony had reached out and grabbed his hand.
To his surprise, fingers tucked under his chin and lifted his head up gently, with the slow ease of someone handling something delicate. Tony blinked and suddenly found himself looking straight into Steve’s eyes. Their breath brushed against each other.
'Relax' by
His reflection looked back at him curiously.
Except Zeke was still out there. And so was Ty. They could always come back anytime.
Tony shrugged and let his eyes continue to wander the street. He caught a glimpse of a worn billboard that said ‘
Steve knew he'd struck a nerve. Tony was
Then again, what Norman was hinting at was...
“Tony.” Steve blinked, looking like a deer in the headlights. Then his eyes narrowed and his voice went cool. “Stark. Why are you awake?”
Steve felt like beating himself. Anger flooded through his body and furiously, he swiped at the tears on his face.
An hour later, Tony stumbled into the kitchen. Surprisingly Steve didn’t realize until he heard a chair scrape the floor and Tony huff as he dropped into it. He’d been too busy pouring the chicken soup.
“There’s injuries. Signs of...” Strange eyed Steve carefully before speaking. “Long term abuse. And that mind control...he’ll need help to recover.”
, but it was acknowledgment at least.
Steve sighed and stood up fully, turning around to walk back to the soup pot. He busied himself with checking the hob was switched off and fiddled with the pan.
“Hey there soldier.” Tony grins against his shoulder and pulls back gently to face the man’s eyes.
“You can’t go.” Tony begs even though he knows there’s no point. He can see it in Steve’s raw expression. “What if I...”
He felt Whitney claw at his face, scratches marring the soft skin around his features. Norman slipped his hand around his neck and squeezed tightly, aiming to crush his windpipe like tissue paper. Once that went, he wouldn’t be able to breath. It would be over.
What the hell was wrong with these people? Why were they so reluctant to even speak to him? Was he that bad according to these people?
Even better was that Steve saw him and started to smile too.
His many eyes scanned Tony closely, darting back and forth between Tony's face and the bed. “I’m glad you’re alright. I wasn’t sure you were gonna make it. Was a pretty close call.”
“Well? Aren’t you going to scream at me? Shout? Tell me I’m a monster? You wouldn’t be wrong.” Steve urged him, making something in Tony’s heart ache. Steve shouldn't feel like that-those emotions were reserved for Tony.
“Damnit Gabe, I’m good for my drink! Tony, would you be a good lad and get me some more of the wine?”
He wasn’t expecting them to bring up his time as Director though.
"I need to go." Tony said quickly and tried to pull away. Tried being the key word since Steve's grip turned to iron the moment he spoke.
“Well, we’ve still got some time so maybe try to ease up a little on the wine.”
Steve turned and fixed him with an assessing look. “You must be tired of wandering around the same blocks. We won’t go far, just to that roof over there.” He pointed to a roof several blocks away and well...
"No way. You're not leaving yet. We haven't had breakfast yet." Steve whined quietly and Tony's heart broke at the tone. Sleepy Steve was a whole other being the world didn't know about yet.
“You’re not dying. I won’t let you. If you’re worried about your hand, don’t be. You’ve always been prone to heat rash and this place has three suns. And this place has been making me cough since I landed so god knows how you’ve felt since you got here, especially with that bad knock. We’ll do a full check on you once we’re with the others and get you completely sorted.”
“Yes, I know. I wish we could meet under less stressful times.” Zeke said, letting his eyes fall. “These savages know no bounds.”
“Please stop.” Tony begged and began to charge up his repulser and take aim. “Before I show you something real special. And I’m not talking about Captain America’s-“
Thankfully Steve was doing all the thinking for both of them. Such a gentlemen.
Not long after, Afghanistan happened. For a short while, Tony had wondered if maybe, by some cruel twist of fate, Yinsen was a carrier of one of his marks. Or worse, Raza.
“Twice.” Tony mumbled, knowing without a doubt that this doctor would tell Steve. And that the thought made him feel sick to his stomach.
It was made so much worse by the fact that he didn’t remember. Sometimes he hated himself for doing it. But other times he pictured the team splintering because of his actions, and images of Steve on the steps of the court with his hands cuffed just seconds before the bullet was-
Pierce sighed and straightened up. For a moment, he didn’t say a word. He merely stuck his hands in his pockets and glanced at the crowd.
“Why? Why should I trust you? Allowing you to join the project would mean I have to give you codes. And even if I didn’t, you could crack the system. So why should I?”
Warm. Everything was warm. The soft thing he was lying on, the thick comfortable material he was enveloped in-
Tony couldn’t disappoint them. He described his adventure as a feeling of flying. Of being free to roam. It wasn’t his intention but he knew he was glorifying it.
They’d been very welcoming since the attack on the top deck. Or at least he was noticing it more. Even Thor seemed to be warming up to him again.
Tony shook his head firmly. “There’s no romantic intimacy in that type of bonding. Not usually at least. It’s different when you’re mating though. Different effects.”
“Boy?” He repeated, placing a fragile hand on the chair nearby. For a man who wasn’t that tall, he certainly had presence. A certain gravitas.
“Was this excursion better?” He didn’t point out that it must’ve been if he'd spent an extra two days on it.
Every time the Beyonder brought him to their fights, Steve would see something new. There were always new bruises but there were other things that worried him too. The first time, he had noticed how overgrown his hair had become. The second time, he’d noticed how much thinner Tony had become. Now this time he could see something else.
He met Steve’s eyes and nodded.
“No. I can’t, sorry.”
“I’m sorry.” Tony said and Steve tilted his head. “I didn’t mean for you to...”
“Sorry.” Tony murmured, coughing a little. “Must’ve choked.”
His fangs came out and sank into the skin, releasing that life-giving blood. He swallowed eagerly, feeling desire course through his entire body from head to toe.
He coughed and gagged, desperately trying to scramble onto his feet. The hand on his collar lifted him up and slammed him back down.
“So what you’re telling me is...” Tony swallowed and felt his lips tremble. “No one else can have me.”
"Not like this. If we're doing this, it has to be slow. This is our first time." Steve said and warmth bloomed in Tony's chest.
His legs feel wet. Shakily he sniffs and looks down and feels something shift which feels wrong because he’d been told there’d be early contractions first or-
“Yes. Nat and Sam ribbed me for it so much. I got a few shovel talks too but we all agreed that was fair.”
Some things would just never change.
“It helps with my line of work.” Steve said and took a deep breath. His expression changed and he stared Tony down like a commander at the head of a battle.
Nodding, Steve bent down a little and met his eyes.
“I’m going to the bathroom. Do whatever you like.” Tony grumbled and admittedly scampered off to the restroom, keeping his head low to hide the heated flush on his cheeks. He needed to splash some water on his face before he did something reckless.
"I'm fine Shellhead, better now that you're here." Tony could just picture Steve smiling as he said it. It sounded like he was smiling. "I take it you finally went up to the office?"
“You’re good to him. Stay kind.”
Gabe’s eyes narrowed even further. “You still sloshed? You’re meant to behave Dugan.”
He spluttered uselessly, completely caught out. “Why? Why!? Because-because I’m a liability! Because I caused property damage and put people at risk! Because I’m hiding military level weapons in the form of a mechanical suit and they want it!”
“What if we bought back the shares from your...unknown parties. The ones that are refusing to let you pull it back. Maybe i can change that.” Steve blew out a breath and looked up. “I have enough intel here I think to get the inside knowledge on them. And if not, I can find out.”
“All fine. Just dealing with the press.” Steve said like he hadn’t just dropped a bomb shell.
Nodding to Nat and Hank, he turned and walked towards the prep stations and waited. Once Carol and Thor gave the all clear, he would go out next.
Eyes wide with the the dawning realization that he’d been right, Steve pulled back and looked at the brown haired, blue eyed genius billionaire who was twisting around slightly and eyeing him warily, and wondered how he’d never seriously considered that the creator of Iron man was very likely to
“Great job! Get to me!”
“So I hear you’re employed now? That must’ve come as a shock. How many people go from being partners to being boss and worker?”
Steve’s face crumpled at that, and his eyes glistened a little. “Don’t say that. It’s not your fault. Just tell me, are you hurt?”
you. Where’d you get that idea?”
But that was the situation he was in. He’d lost everything. And there wasn’t much time to try and bring it all back.
“No. Nothing’s wrong.” Tony mumbled quietly and looked back down. Steve hummed and continued to read the news.
He didn’t return straight away. He couldn’t, not yet.
That and the fact that several civilians had taken pictures of them at each stoplight and Tony had been completely caught out. Each time it happened, Steve would give the citizens a wave and zoom off after. He didn’t really give Tony a chance to let go.
“I’m not sure. Could be ten hours, could be ten min-“
He hated that it came out as a question, but he had to know.
“Jarvis.” Steve said, suddenly struck with an idea. “Save this article and find the reporter. I want their details forwarded to Pepper. Maybe she can look into adding to the PR.”
.” Tony breathed, looking more relieved than Steve had ever seen him. He scrubbed at his eyes with one hand and kept an iron grip on the bag. His own little ticket to freedom.
Iron man.
“I...did you-“ Tony shook his head and blinked back against the burning sensation in his eyes. “Did you see what he-what he did?”
“I never wanted this.” Tony whispered behind his hands and felt tears fall down his cheeks.
“I don’t want anyone else to have me.” He said, feeling giddy as he spoke, especially when Steve’s head shot up in shock. “I don’t see what the problem is.”
No one would ever make him feel the way Steve did.
“Yes, that’s right.” Zeke confirmed and considered Tony quietly.
He actually looked a little...hurt.
Karma was a bitch.
“Hmm.” Tony tapped the screen in front of him and swiped the map aside, pulling up the folder with the mission report. They had the right location and everything tied up.
“His lips are
“Of...of me.”
Steve had to clap a hand to his mouth to hide his own sob, feeling his eyes burn. What if the Beyonder had really hurt Tony? What if he had gone even further...
“So you’ve seen Peter and Natasha. Natasha is stealthy. Super smart and she loves a good fight. And she’s never lost.” Steve said, almost in a stage whisper.
The agents mumbled amongst themselves and Tony looked away. Good riddance.
“I said,
But there was nothing odd about it.
“Do you remember anything at all? Does seeing me jog anything?” Steve spoke calmly, now beginning to run his hands over Tony’s arms. His movements were poised and calculated and Tony suddenly had the image of a soldier giving commands. Steve really seemed like the type.
It was in the early hours of the morning that Tony regained some semblance of where he was. He didn’t know how much time had passed or whether Zeke had even returned, but he knew for sure that he’d been in and out of consciousness.
Natasha stared at him. Bucky kept quiet. Then-
If Tony had known, he wouldn’t have gotten his hopes up. “What talents are those?”
“Better. Missed you though.” Tony mumbled tiredly into his pillow, grunting when Steve turned and flashed him a smile.
Tony’s heart blooms at the sight and against his will he struggles to fight tears. He made his son stop. His son felt safe enough to stop crying.
“Remember when you said blue was my favorite color after my heat?”
“Captain Rogers you-“
“Sure.” Tony said mildly, searching desperately for something in Steve’s eyes. Maybe some acknowledgment that he wasn’t just some agent but his near lifelong friend who-
The look on Steve's face was closed off. There was just a small furrow in his brow. "After you left did you regret what you said?"
Something about the wording caught Tony off guard slightly, but he was too tired to question it. He knew what they all thought of him. What was one more insult? One more personal attack?
“N-no. That’s just the light, I don’t-“
“When you spoke to Pierce you looked at me like you...” Fury shook his head. “What did he say to you?”
“Sir, you don’t need to worry. Captain Rogers took care of the bill.”
The roar of helicopters emerged. Tony felt voices echo and hands pull Steve away. His eyes drifted shut and silently he prayed.
Tony’s eyes widened. Slowly his lips spread into a plastic smile.
“But do you want it?” Steve insisted and Tony knew Steve was staring at him now.
"Have you settled in yet?" Steve asked, and it took every ounce of self control to not roll his eyes at his question.
“Tony.” Steve murmured and then glanced back at him with the softest, most raw expression Tony had ever seen on him. Slowly he shifted and made space for Tony to kneel.
The ship was still another turn away. And he was feeling so lightheaded.
to see you.” Ben laughed and Tony grit his teeth to bite back a scathing remark.
He wished he slept better at night. It would definitely help.
he figures.
“You won’t. You can’t.” Steve murmured back in an equally quiet voice but something about the words sent a shiver down Tony’s spine. They almost sounded reverent and settled somewhere low in his body until Steve was all he could think of. The evening would end eventually but this wouldn’t leave Tony’s mind anytime soon.
“Take your time. He is a sight isn’t he?” Zeke encouraged, snaking a hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony glanced at him with wide eyes, hoping for Zeke to explain but Zeke merely smiled and tightened his grip to almost painful levels.
Tony grit his teeth and bit back his tongue. He got the message all right.
“Well tough, it’s Tony’s choice.” Ty says and rolls his eyes. “Better keep your hands off him though. I know how you people think-all alpha, no care for omegas.”
The night was young. It took quite some time before Tony gained his first victims. A female, slow and shaky in her gait, took several steps into the alley, almost toppling with the plastic bags she was carrying. He smelt greens-vegetables, and turned around to see there was actually a door tucked away in the back of this alley. A back entrance.
Tony sighed then and wondered if he should just spill it all and tell Zeke he couldn’t go outside anymore. At the very least, he shouldn’t go to those areas. But if he revealed that, he’d never be allowed back out and...
Tony hasn’t felt happiness in a long time. He doesn’t think he ever will now.
“I love you too. And I don’t want you to ever forget that. War and all.” Steve said and leaned in to press his lips to Tony's. "We're in this together. Just like we should've been. Like we always have."
His mom had once said that the bigger the mark the stronger the bond and the stronger the bond, the stronger the love. And that was a lot-
Steve smiled and pressed a soft kiss to Tony’s hair. “That I can do. And maybe one day I’ll be able to give you what you want.”
Something dimmed in the man’s blue eyes. “You don’t recognize me do you? It’s me, Steve. Winghead. Remember?”
“There’s more if you want it.” Steve gestured to the pot behind him and took a seat opposite Tony. He reached for his own bowl and took a spoonful. It really was good.
“That’s it. Wake up for me, that’s it.” Steve ordered him gently, feeling a weight lift of his shoulders when Tony groaned and opened his eyes. They didn’t really focus until Steve leaned closer to check in case they were still hazy, but thankfully, when Tony caught sight of him, he seemed to follow him.
“Oh my god!”
“You are not to even risk it. If you see any of them or heaven forbidden, they see you-“
“Let me see.” Steve ever so gently brushed over Tony’s eyes, staring carefully into the startled blue. Thankfully Tony really did seem to be in control.
“And maybe a psych evaluation too.”
Tony slammed his fist against the ledge, hard enough that he felt the skin break.
For once Tony said nothing. He just stared right back, resigned to agree to anything.
“Armor server online.” And the air leaves Steve’s lungs. A huge weight lifts off.
“Alright, alright.” Tony mumbled, feeling his cheeks start to flush with embarrassment. Behind Steve, he thought he saw a few of the agents whispering.
“You’re in Stark tower.” Steve felt something cold slide down his cheeks and instantly wanted to pull Tony into his arms. But he couldn’t. He had to keep calm, because Tony had been kidnapped and mind controlled for months now and was likely traumatized by what he’d gone through. And what that man could’ve forced him into.
Steve glared. “Guys-“
. No matter what. He wouldn’t go back down that route no matter what. In the depths of the ocean, enclosed in his vibranium coffin, Steve would never forgive him. Tony would rather drown than pick it up again.
“Not sure. I guess you should’ve let me see.” Tony cheeked, and sucked in his breath when Steve cupped a hand around his neck and leaned even closer.
listening, he knew for sure.
As it was, Tony could only really think back to one thing.
“I’m fine. Just tired. But what do you expect? That’s what you get for scraping the bottom of the barrel.” He shook his head and smirked a little to himself.
“Commander, can you hear me?”
They agree to try this for a few weeks. The deal is that Tony spends equal time with them both in the hopes that either he’ll remember or something will give.
It wasn’t a joke. Steve wasn’t joking, he was telling
Then he opened them.
“Anthony. What’s that smell?”
“This is classified information but we were attacked just over a month ago. While in flight. It left a dent and since then, we haven’t been able to get the main weapons back online and at full throttle.” Steve sighed tiredly, reaching out for the piece of paper. Tony watched him stare at it like it had personally insulted him.
“Steve.”
Tony wasn’t sure what to say to that. And the way Steve was just staring at him and eyeing him carefully told him that there was no point pretending Steve didn’t know. He was right.
“I was thinking about things.” Steve said, oblivious to his thoughts. “About what’s been going on.”
” Rogers begs and when Tony sees him, he feels a little sick to his stomach. Rogers has gone ice-white.
He felt drained. And so tired. And he desperately, desperately wanted to go home.
"I hid the truth from you and I turned you away-" Tony choked out. "I'm so sorry-"
Because that was what they were talking about. Their feelings for each other could be destructive-could drive them to do unspeakable things. But it also acted as a magnet that pulled them together. It joined them and held them still and never let go.
A date. An actual,
Captain of the Avengers.
“The way you’re being treated. It’s not right.” The doctor said and then leaned forward and lowered his voice slightly. “I spoke to some of the agents in your department. The Commander would not be best pleased if he heard this was what was going on.”
Oh god, even the memories were enough to make him blush.
So, under the guise of being too busy as Director, he's benched indefinitely and given a therapist and doctor. He sees them once and accepts the prescriptions but doesn't do anything else with them. They won't be enough, he knows. He needs to keep busy.
“Yeah sure, that’s-hold on, did you say private contact?” Tony frowned and dropped down on the edge of his bed, bending over to undo his shoelaces. “Who was it?”
“I’ve got a whole bunk bed to myself?” Tony said dryly and did his best not to grit his teeth when Ben smirked.
“If I could borrow your phone and call Ty to see if he could-“
But it could be tender as Tony had just discovered. It could be warm and feel comforting and force every ounce of isolation away.
“What, why? You didn’t even do anything wrong?” Tony said as he jerked desperately, once again trying to escape. "I told you, it's not your fault-"
“I’ve treated him before, Commander. Back when he was Director. And we had a very similar conversation that he mostly ignored.” The doctor glared, folding his arms.
“Well.” Tony said dryly and folded his arms. “This is awkward.”
Somewhere, some journalist is laughing at him. Probably mocking up a sketch of him as the average Joe.
“He’s not bad. He’s not hurt me or upset me or-“
Tony’s eyes are burning. He has to close them.
Steve’s eyes are red. He looks miserable and utterly defeated. No, he looks worse. Like he's about to break.
”Well he’s a typical alpha if you ask me. All brute, no brain-“
If Tony had been able to say anything about it, he would've. As it was, he couldn't do much.
“Maybe. But he’s not you. No one gets me like you do.”
“I knew you’d remember. I just knew.”
“M’ runnin’ out-out of time.” Tony stammers under his shakes and silently pray for a miracle. What he gets instead is a tilt in his direction.
“I’m not angry.” Tony said lightly and clicked his chest plate into place. “I’m relieved. I had an itch that needed scratching.”
He sees Steve in everything. But he also sees himself. And that's always harder.
It's true. No matter what, they always find each other again and Steve always stands by him.
“No one is going to touch you. And I won’t hurt you, you know that.”
“Good.”
The Avengers, led by him stand tall and organised in a line. Shield representatives are here too as well as some of the new Avengers from the other teams. Then, one by one, the Illuminati-the
." Steve eyed Tony as he said it. "I'll patch through the coordinates. Have my gear ready?"
“I haven’t seen you since MIT.” Tony swallows the sudden feeling of dread. “Since we broke up.”
“Steve!” Tony cried, batting away at the huge snout nosing his throat. “Stop it!”
When she'd walked away, Tony had turned to Steve and asked.
“Yeah...”
“Peter. Peter Parker right?” Tony smirked, enjoying the stunned look on the arachnids’ face. He closed the book Steve had lent him and pushed himself higher up on the bed to greet this newcomer, feeling better than he had compared to the last few days.
As he listens to the doctors and Steve discussing the baby and him, he closes his eyes and breathes, and thinks of one thing.
Once Zeke and Whitney left, Tony couldn’t stop beaming. His jaws started to twinge at how broadly he was smiling.
Nodding to himself, he shut the suitcase and took it to the bathroom at the back of the plane. Better to change now and see than leave it to once they landed.
Tony couldn’t see his face. But Steve’s shoulders were shaking.
“TO HELL WITH YOU ALL!” Strange roars and the whole room flinches. “You told us-YOU TOLD US, WE WERE MONSTERS! YOU CONDEMNED US FOR EVEN DARING TO PLAN IT! AND YET TODAY YOU STAND THERE AND-“
“Less of those...you know. People.” He said with a wave and Gabe snorted in the background.
“What’s gotten into you pet?” Whitney smiled one morning and instantly Tony froze at the entrance to the main cavern. It was empty barring her and she was leaning against the wall patiently, like a vulture preparing to hover over a corpse.
“Okay, where do I sign up?”
“What!?” Tony finally snapped, folding his arms and staring back. He wouldn’t be put off, not because Steve was behaving weirdly-
"That should be fine. I’ll ask him.” Steve replied, craning his head around to face the door. He could hear the bed creaking.
“Nick, it’s good to see you!” A familiar voice called out and for once Tony was glad to hear it. It was Pierce.
“You’re alright.” Steve repeated and after a few moments, slowly eased Tony back to look him over. Steve genuinely looked like he’d seen a ghost, and wasn’t that something? “What are you even
Fury eyed him carefully and started to edge towards concern. His smugness disappeared and morphed into a frown. “You don’t have to go if you’re that concerned. But you’ll be fine Stark. Like I said, Rogers will be with you and I’ll be there if you’re really worried.”
With a soft sigh, Tony leans back against the pillow and breathes. The warmth of Steve’s arm around him, and the encompassing heat and scent reminds him that he’s not alone. The pup stares up and Tony wonders if he knows he’s staring up at the alpha watching over them.
Wordlessly they nodded. Steve's gaze darkened and he jerked his head at the door.
Giving Tony a smile, he turned away and reached for the door, gently nudging Natasha and Bucky back to give him space. Glancing at Tony and satisfied that he would be okay for a moment, he stepped out and closed the door behind him.
Feeling his body shake, he lifted his hand and clicked his ear com.
“Wait!”
“Well, it wasn’t Captain Crunch if that’s what you’re thinking.” Tony snapped with a scowl. Two could play at that game.
Tony could sink into this scent. It’s amazing and warm and makes him feel calmer than he’s ever felt. He never wants to let go of this-
"These are my quarters. I hope that's okay."
Steve who belonged to someone else.
He was also a pathological liar. And that was the truth!
Steve must’ve taken a storm of bullets because it seemed like his whole chest was covered in blood.
“Zachariah. Elijah. Enough!” His voice echoed in the cavernous walls of their home and that was enough to get the children to freeze in their steps. Before Elijah could cause any damage, Tony gripped them by the arms and forced them apart. Effectively cowed, they whined and pouted, their small canines resting on their lower lips.
“Kill Rogers. And bring Stark to me.”
And again. Until finally his hard-on was starting to die down.
“Nothing. You’re certainly smart enough.” Steve murmured, before shaking his head. He went back to the pointing.
When he came back to his senses, he realised he'd just laughed at Steve.
Steve’s hand was still resting around Tony’s waist. The contrast between his skin tone and Tony’s was obvious. Tony had cold pale skin, where as Steve’s was a soft pink, warm and safe.
Tony felt his eyes widen. “You’re not gonna tell them? You have a soulmate and you’re not gonna tell them?”
“Why- “Robinson grinned from ear to ear and looked at Tony. “Just Mr. Stark of course.”
He’d gotten his chance to feel complete. He’d had that experience with Steve. He couldn’t ask for more.
“After everything we’ve been through and everything we’ve faced, I can say without a doubt-”
“We’ve got him stable but we think that between the alcohol and his living conditions, his body is struggling to regulate itself. His temperature dropped and rose a few times this week and now he’s running a high fever that’s taking some time to come down. Captain, we need to-“
Everything was going according to plan. He'd set his sights on the team and he wasn't going to let anyone get hurt. None of them, not one, and nothing would stop him.
“I did enjoy myself you know.” Tony finally said, once they left the restaurant. He wished it had gone better but he couldn’t help if they always clashed.
"Yeah, Peter would've published that one for sure." Steve tilted his head and his gaze softened. "I've missed you Tony."
A memory. His first after weeks.
“Of course not. You’ve not really been around have you?” Mr. Robinson smirked. “It’s no surprise, considering Ironman’s performance a few months ago.”
He’s distorted himself. Somewhere in his perfect, fulfilling life, he’d lost his way. Everything had suddenly meant nothing and not even Steve had been able to help him in the end.
“And now you’ve scratched it.” Steve supplied, suddenly sounding resigned.
“You look pretty good yourself.” Steve said and it almost sounded warm. He gestured to Tony with a wave of his hand. “I’m glad I went for those colors. I’ve never seen you in them.”
“No apologies. Not for this.” He rubbed Tony’s back gently, hoping Tony understood.
Tony held up his hand and stopped him. “And I’m totally in favor of that, I promise. But you need to lay off here. Give me some credit. Trust goes both ways.”
Right. Only a room away. It does make him feel better.
“I need to go.” Tony murmured and began to drag himself out of the room, if only to just have a moment alone. Being around Steve like this was not reassuring to say the least.
But he didn’t feel near sure enough. And Steve sure as hell, wasn't asking for his hand.
“I-“ To Steve’s horror, Iron man took a step back, almost as if he couldn’t handle what he was hearing. “You can’t-I-“
“I-I woke up with them. I d-don’t have much but this was one of the few things I have. I...it’s all I have.”
Ty shrugs and instantly takes his blazer and tie off. During the morning when Tony had been with Steve, Ty had apparently nipped out to take care of his own work. When he’d come back, Steve and him had swapped even though Steve had only gone to the gym about a floor away.
If he gives this away, there’s nothing left of who he was before. Nothing to show he was anything more than he is now.
“...Safe?”
"Yes. But only because I want you to be happy." Tony sighed and looked down, breaking his gaze. "I just want you to be happy Steve. I never want to hurt you again."
“I’m sorry.”
his cheeks were burning. His palms felt sweaty all of a sudden and he clasped then together over his lap, looking at them with a frown. How could Steve think all these things about him? And where on earth was this coming from?
None of them smiled. Everything went quiet. Even the bats weren’t chirping.
“Does he have any allergies? Any medical conditions and medications?”
As he got ready and made his way to what seemed like the communal showers and toilets in these quarters (it dawned on him then that Ben hadn’t shown him everything), he realized he had no idea how this would work.
“Tony?”
Feeling exhausted, Tony simply nodded, letting his smile fall. What was the point in pretending? Everyone knew him anyway and everyone clearly wanted him gone. Maybe it was time to leave.
In the back of his mind, Tony couldn’t stop the wave of emotions he was feeling at the thought of Steve wanting him like this. No one had ever made him feel so much.
There was a pause where Tony could feel the stares on him and then Steve sucked in a deep breath. He exhaled and then-
That last blow cut right through him. Maybe if his evening had been going better, he would’ve been able to brush it off with a confident smile. Maybe he’d take these comments and lock them in a box and throw away the key until a time where he could sit and mull through them in peace.
“Oh please. Those khakis belong in the fifties, trust me.”
“Steve!”
He was pretty sure he could feel his heart break from that. This was their new norm. A careful balance between a fight and a treaty. A temporary truce.
“Stark, have you been-“
“But Cap planned it. He always planned to bond with you eventually.”
The man’s frown grew, until finally his eyes widened and his lips revealed sharp canines again.
Tony wondered if he was better off just sitting back down and staying with Dugan and Gabe for the rest of the evening. Even though they were sloshed, it would still make for better company and a better distraction from just how much of an outlier he was here. Plus Steve was busy with-
“You are. In fact-“
"With enhanced combat capabilities. You're trained." Steve specified and spoke like he was rattling off facts. No ode to the fact that he had been the one to train Tony.
“Man of Iron! Come, I shall embrace you!”
The thought of four hours with Steve circled his mind and he hadn't really thought about that until now. It'd be just the two of them. No one else. Just him and Steve.
“What?” But Steve was nodding resolutely and Tony’s heart sank because once Steve made up his mind about something, he didn’t let go.
“So just to be clear, you won’t be giving me anything to actually fabricate?” Tony asked dully, feeling like he was just better off not even bothering. Why fight the inevitable?
It wasn’t encouraging to say the least. But maybe it shouldn’t have been as unexpected. He didn’t know why he’d even expected anything else.
Tony said nothing. He didn’t really have an argument to that. Plus he couldn’t believe Steve was actually angry about this.
Tony’s eyes widened but he didn’t say a word. He didn’t know what to say.
“We all know who you are Tony. And Cap would never bond to someone he didn’t think was special. He must’ve seen something he liked so-“ Peter clapped his hands together loudly. “That makes you one of us. I can’t wait to get to know you.”
“Tony. Breathe.” Steve said quietly and Tony looked away sharply, feeling horribly embarrassed. Couldn’t he keep it together, even for a minute? What the fuck was wrong with him?
Trish seemed to frown as he spoke, and held up a hand to stop him.
That just left him and Steve.
Tentatively, Tony met Steve’s eyes and tried to gauge his response. Steve met his eyes too and he seemed to just stare at him like he was truly seeing him for the first time.
“Is he going to be okay? What do the blood tests show?”
“Tony’s been through enough. We’re not putting him at more risk by testing who the father is. I’m not risking him. Sorry, I should’ve said earlier before that alpha called you over, doctor.” Rogers says calmly but doesn’t take his eyes off Tony, not even for a second. Tony fights not to look away.
Pierce’s smile disappeared. His eyes flickered from Steve’s hand on his waist to Steve’s eyes.
It’s unusual that something like this stumps two of the greatest minds of the century. Instead of just answering him clearly, they both seem to be lost in their own world.
“The father...I’s Steve...” He slurs and notices all speaking stop. The voices are directed at him now.
Sometimes he wondered if he’d seen this coming. Maybe somewhere down the line, he had and he’d just kept it to himself. Or maybe Pepper or Happy or Thor or Carol, or even Steve-
He waved away Tony’s words, shifting his legs a little more comfortably so that they draped over the seat. “Oh no worries! Like I said, I’m just glad you’re okay.” Peter tilted his head and clicked his mandible pointing at his clothes. “I see Cap’s already made his claim.”
“Steve, don’t.” Natasha said quietly, holding him back before he could charge up and wring the guys neck. But this wasn’t their typical average bad guy. He couldn’t be to have found-
“Purebloods are stronger than bonded ones. They rule the faction.”
Not one of them moved to help him. Not even the twins which just added insult to injury.
Emboldened, Steve stepped closer. “You won’t. I trust you Tony.”
“Something doesn’t add up.” He heard himself whisper and he pulled up the initial files to start going through them again.
“And you’re that mutt. The one with a strange habit for getting into trouble.” He shot back, feeling his smile grow when the man tried to lean forward and take a bite. Tony instantly shot his hands out and grabbed the man by his jaw.
“It’d be easier to believe that. If you hadn’t told me you loved me.” Steve whispered quietly, rubbing at his eyes tiredly. He suddenly looked exhausted and Tony felt his face twist into a scoff.
“If I may sir.” Norman suddenly stepped forward, looking as calm as ever. “That area will need someone to check over it from time to time. Whitney is far more useful on these excursions than in the cavern. She suits the outside more.”
The flags are drifting in the wind, a deep red that paints the sky in the colors of a hero. The blues and whites are there too but all Tony sees is the red. It stains everything, even the good things.
“I know.”
“You’re more than the men I knew. You’re definitely more.” Steve turned to him and sighed. “I was wrong about you. I think you’re the first to make the sacrifice play. Am I wrong?”
But that wasn’t the thing that shocked him. It was the sleeping area.
“I-I don’t want you to feel obliged.” He explained, though even he could tell that had been a pretty pathetic attempt.
“You were beautiful. The way you speak and think and feel-hell, I still remember in those first few months when I got hurt after a mission and you tore me apart for it. You were so angry but then we kissed and you said no one had ever made you feel so complete, I-“
“You sure about that?” Because Tony still wasn’t sure. And he still didn’t know why he was going instead of say, Natasha.
He hopes Steve hasn’t forgotten him yet. That Steve will maybe still remember him after he’s gone. After all, he knows he’s on a timer now, that's how it always goes.
“My name’s not...”
He took a deep breath and looked up at the sky. It was getting late. The sun was just starting to set and was painting the evening sky a burning orange colour that brushed across to a softer lilac. At seven pm, not many could say they were boarding the Helicarrier on a social visit. Or that they had a direct invite from the commander himself.
He couldn't deal with this. He couldn't afford to.
His eyes fell towards Steve again and he watched him carefully.
She grew heavy in his arms and carefully, he set her down, making sure to keep her spine steady on the descent.
Tony's eyes fell shut and he smiled. It had been the best experience he'd ever had.
“Where the hell have you been?” Norman demanded, storming towards Tony, giving him a deadly look, as soon as he walked in. Tony shook his mind out of the hazy fog and bowed his head.
Turning his head, he stopped and stared.
“I knew you were gonna say that. Don’t bother, you wanted to stick with me? You’re coming with me.”
“Steve!” He pushed his repulsers forward and forced the pain back.
“Not one.”
Tony. With everything that's happened...it can't have been easy for you. We tried to get in contact, but Pepper said you've been travelling a lot." She sighed and looked him up and down carefully.
felt the same. Maybe divorce hadn’t even come to Steve’s mind.
After all, there could only be so many monsters in one place.
That was the strangest thing though. Tony still couldn’t understand why Steve hadn’t revealed his soulmate to anyone. Tony was sure he would’ve said something by now, what with it having been three months but nothing had changed. Absolutely nothing. And Tony never saw him being intimate with
Tony’s eyes brightened with joy. His lips beamed and his cheeks started to go red. “I actually can’t believe it but at the same time...”
It doesn’t sound...like him honestly.
They made small talk, made some stops and finally reached Washington. After, some government issued escorts met them en-route and began to escort them to the White House. Tony’s heart began to pound. They had finally reached.
“Well sometimes omegas get a little...twitchy when you do things like that. It’s better to keep things like that to a minimum.” Ty hums and uses his straw to stir his drink. “It’s better for you.”
"I was genuinely worried you didn't feel the same for me. That maybe you really hadn't-"
Tony felt the hands on his shoulders tense. “Ah, Dugan-“
With the help of his lead medic, Tony stood up and walked towards the ambulance, approaching the hardworking group of medics that swarmed the gurney that Steve was lying on. There were wires and IVs and machines which Tony had never pictured they’d be able to set up so quickly. Tony could see they were already replacing an empty blood bag.
“Well maybe he’s changed.” Tony doesn’t know why he’s defending it but he does it anyway. Maybe because Steve is a huge unknown and it’s almost laughable to imagine being Steve’s omega. Maybe because he’s also fed up of Steve fighting so much about the same thing.
The stranger turns and looks at him. From the distance, Tony can’t see his face, and the shadows help to conceal it, but he thinks the man might not be frowning at him as much this time.
“He also blackmailed you to put on the suit by using your relationship with me. And he insulted you, and he claimed all your designs. Which I did notice by the way.”
Once he put his old clothes back in the suitcase, he left the bathroom with a final nod, and sat down and waited for the flight to take off.
“It’s so cool! He actually going out there like you!” Zachariah chittered, clapping his hands when Norman smiled and nodded.
“Sure.” He replied easily and reached for the torch again. “Anything you fancy?”
“Well-“ Steve held open the door for him and waved at one of the waiters. “It’s great to look at on the outside but the best parts are on the inside. Plus it has your favourite meals.”
“You ever wanted something so bad you would do anything for it?” Tony murmured, staring at a picture mounted on the wall above the fake fireplace. It was of Steve and his friends in all their strange uniforms.
Twenty minutes more found them standing at the desk with measurements confirmed. Then it was time to pay.
“Sure.” Tony said with a shakey smile. Then he swallowed and looked at Thor carefully.
“Yes, that one.” Steve winced but then sighed. He turned to Tony and smiled.
“I bet.” Tony sighed and rolled onto his back. His neck pulsed happily and the sound of Steve’s gentle breathing relaxed him.
“You’re mine. And I’m yours. I want to bond with you Tony.” Steve breathed and touched his forehead against Tony’s as if he just wanted to be near him. “Will you be my soulmate? Will you let me complete the bond?”
“Here. Drink up.”
“Do you remember what we were doing the day before the law changed?” Steve leaned over the work surface with both hands clenched against the marble.
I hate myself-
He knew everyone started to panic then but one of the agents in the middle row started to contact one of the other departments. The others walked faster to their stations and schooled their expression, and all joking and chatter stopped completely.
“Okay, okay! I hear you, wow! Maybe let me breathe a little.” Tony wheezed, batting away the god-knew how many tonnes of wolf on his chest. Steve grunted and thankfully jumped off. Only, as soon as he did, he yanked Tony’s bed covers back and began to squeeze in himself.
“Or what!? You’ll beat me? Hit me?
“I’m still not entirely sure what you want from me Mr. Robinson.” Steve said quietly but it was almost too quiet. Like a lion set to pounce.
“No. But you did choose to miss that bit out when I asked you what you did. Is that how you knew about the vampires?” A suddenly thought came to Tony’s mind and his eyes widened.
"I never said that."
He'd slept with Steve. He'd
of love. Tony had never seen a mark bigger.
The look he got, shook him. Steve was looking at him like he was about to drown. Like Tony was letting him.
Tony looked like shit. He knew it, had known it for months. Pepper mentioned it constantly and Rhodey fretted with each visit. He’d lost weight. He felt dizzy a lot. Sometimes he couldn’t eat more than a few bites.
Steve had just...he'd said his name. Not Stark, or agent, or a cursory glance. Just...
"My room.” So that he could stay there and never come out afterwards.
“Then make me a promise.” Steve said, suddenly determined. “Promise me that at this party, you’ll come to me if anything bothers you. I mean anything.”
“I’m Steve. Steve Rogers.” The man-
He didn’t want to die. Not today, not ever.
He needed to go punch something.
Steve sighed and lowered the neglected basket down carefully. “I’m saying dance. You and me. After dinner.” He fished two pieces of bread out and placed one on Tony’s side plate and the other on his own.
“Who-“
“Cap, are you coming?” Stark hiccuped lightly and stepped forward, having changed into a white wife-beater and joggers. He was looking a little glazed, perhaps from too much drink, but that was okay.
“Did you do it?”
Instantly Whitney shot her head towards him, snarling and smashing her teeth together in his direction. The crowd gasped in horror and shuffled back.
and several other things.
Steve leaned back and looked at him. He didn’t deny it but he didn’t agree either, which made Tony’s heart sink but the Steve reached out and ruffled Tony’s hair gently.
“Hey.” Steve whispered softly, tilting his chin down and feeling his heart drop at what he saw. Tony looked so lost, like he’d just been told news that would change his life in a way he couldn't tell.
To Tony’s disappointment, Steve’s eyes widened and he seemed to pull away, taking his hand away too. His eyes darted past Tony’s shoulders rapidly.
“You know Nick...” Pierce said loudly, cutting him off without taking his eyes off Tony. “I think the best decision you ever made was bringing in this one.”
Rationally, he knew. He always knew, how could he not-
“Ah, about us? Plenty.” He smiles coyly and drops down onto the couch with barely contained glee. “Just you wait.”
of me Rogers-!”
“He made it up just to get me here? You mean-“ Tony blinked. “He doesn’t need me for the weapons?”
Stretching his limbs out, Tony yawned and walked towards the metal stairs in the dark corner of the alley. He heaved himself up and climbed all the way to the top, bending his knees a little and pushing off the metal with his hands up. Thanks to the added blood, his limbs were stronger, and he jumped a good two meters higher, landing smoothly on the roof in a crouch. Sometimes he impressed himself with how skilled he was.
It didn’t matter. He just needed to carry on.
"I think that's pretty obvious Steve. I mean, do I really need to say it?"
His head spins and the words on his wrist begin to blur out of place. Steve is still lying there between his legs, and suddenly Tony is hit with the desperate need to touch him. He's felt it before, plenty of times but it's important now. It's really important.
And instantly all hell broke loose.
“You risked your
Steve cared about him. So he had to be more careful with himself.
, and underneath it was a short description of a speech the Captain gave last night, declaring he would stand, not just for humankind, but also any creature that was feeling threatened in the city. The details came to a stop where the page had been torn diagonally.
“Don’t.” Tony said sharply, and thankfully Robinson backed down. That wound was far too fresh and he didn’t need it scraped by this snake.
“Yeah, I figured.” Tony snorted, folding his arms and nearly dropping the juice as it started to slip.
Still, he kept walking. He couldn’t stop.
“They’ll kill you.” Tony whispered, curling his hands tightly in his lap. His eyes traced the pattern of Steve’s pants idly. Pine surrounded him in every corner.
There was no way Steve was in love.
"No." Steve shook his head firmly and ripped back his cowl angrily. "I never asked you to throw yourself into fire-"
“Why not? I’m your best friend. You said so yourself.”
Silence. At that, Fury’s pen stilled. It hovered over the page. “What did you say?”
Tony felt his heart begin to race. All thoughts started to move in rapid fire.
The truck-driver didn’t argue after that. Like a dog with his tail between his legs, the guy scuttled away like the creature he was.
“We need to get rid of it! Any ideas!?” Steve asked below him and Tony swallowed against the taste of blood in his mouth. Thankfully adrenaline was starting to kick in.
That bridge with Steve was completely burnt. Just like everything else he was dealing with.
“I don’t remember much...but I do remember a bit-“
“Right. Werewolf.” Tony muttered but then he added; “That doesn’t explain why It’s a shame.”
They knew. They just didn’t want to say.
“God Steve, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.” Tony heaved, and pushed himself up on shaking hands until he was bending forward over the duvet and feeling his stomach twist. He was nauseous and hot and felt like the world’s worst person for what he’d done. He’d tainted Steve. He’d ruined him all because he was so desperate for his love, even if it was only for his body-
After that talk at the party, things changed.
He can’t ask for more.
Tony’s lips curved into a dark smile.
I was
“Sure Ty. Whatever you say.”
“It was bad. Really bad.”
Tony paused and stared.
“What I don’t get-“ Steve interrupted with a raised hand. “Is how someone so intelligent, so kind, so generous, can feel like they’re not as impressive as they are. It baffles me.” He scoffed and ran his eyes over Tony’s expression, almost purposefully teasing his gaze lower.
The movement grated on Tony’s nerves ever so slightly. Not enough to act but...
Sadly, like all things the day came to an end, and as planned, Tony and Steve headed back to the research quarters since Tony was well enough to go back and sleep there.
Tony’s nose wrinkled. “Rich-boy? Really?”
“I know.” He said numbly, lowering his hand and scanning the area around him. The mist swirled around him and Steve was struck by a realization.
He shook his head and bit his lip. When he looked up, he tried not to blink too much.
Peter made a barfing noise and Thor just laughed thunderously. Natasha didn’t say anything but her eyes danced with mirth.
Rhodey stares at him for a moment through the stoic gaze of the War machine armor. He glances at Ty blubbering in the corner briefly before turning to Tony.
Steve tried to say something but Tony held a shaky hand up to stop him. He had to catch his breath first and his mind really needed to stop because all it was thinking about was-
And then...
“Pep.” He closed the suitcase with a soft click. “Thanks for coming.”
“Sure Stark. We wanna be here as much as you do.”
Some things were hard to accept. But that didn’t make them any less true.
A few agents were starting to mumble. The team was starting to pull out their coms and talk to people inside. Tony thought he heard Carol call for a medic.
He thought he heard Steve laugh tiredly through the coms and the sound was enough to give Tony strength. It didn't matter what he felt, Steve had to be safe.
“He does. I’d say he enjoys it. He’s been good during this time. Learn from him, yes?”
Tony thought bleakly. She wasn’t mistaken, the minute she bit into his skin, and they were intimate, he would never be able to disobey her again. Once a made vampire such as him was fully claimed, there was no going back. Every word, every order and every demand she made would be carried out, whether he wanted it or not. He’d never be able to say no, the control over his body would be hers forever.
Tony wanted to know. He’d never tried and he’d never asked but he had many questions that he hoped someone would answer one day. But he’d take what he could get.
“Is there something wrong?”
“So this is where you’ll work. Any problems then just give me a shout. I work in the main lab with a couple of others just through that door.” He explained, pointing out a glass door that Tony could see led to a huge lab, much like the one he had back home. “That’s where the head of research works. Who knows, if you’re good, I might let you in.”
Curiosity. If he had to point out one flaw in himself, it was his curiosity. It was why he wanted to escape the cavern, why he wanted Zeke to be pleased and why he was now walking in the direction of trouble when he knew he was never meant to. Even Octopoids knew better than to leave their waters.
“Two days ago...I think.”
“My...mark?”
“Jesus kid, I didn’t mean to startle you! Hey, can I get a napkin? Thanks.” Pieces handed him a napkin swiftly and hit between his shoulder blades with enough force to keep Tony bent over slightly. When he finally mustered then strength, he took a deep breath and suppressed a shudder. His head spun a little.
“He must have tampered with my phone. He visited me a few times. Maybe, somehow, I don’t know-“
Steve went quiet. He simply shut his eyes and rubbed at his nose.
"I don't want to hurt you." Steve sounded strangled as he rubbed his hand gently over Tony's chest. His eyes kept lingering over the bandages.
Choking out a laugh Tony straightened up a little and smiled. Something dribbled down from his lips but he wasn't too worried anymore.
“Yeah. Of course.” Tony whispered back and emboldened, Steve’s smile grew and he shifted his seat closer.
Traitor. He’d been called a
fucking cold.
And maybe it wasn’t all selfless. After all, he had no one waiting for him at home. And with Steve having found his soulmate and Tony being the only one who was soulless, it just made sense for him to-
“Anthony.” Norman repeated, holding a hand out to beckon him closer. Tony’s ears roared. “Come here.”
Realization dawns in the woman’s eyes, and slowly she starts to lean back in the chair. Then she crosses her arms and legs and purses her lips.
“Oh, Tony. Look, I know you’re upset.” Tyler dodged, and Tony tried not to feel too surprised when Tyler chose not to talk about his talents. “I tell you what, if you get enough of these done, I’ll have a word with Ben about splitting some of the assignments. How does that sound?”
“Well.” Tony cleared his throat and looked back down. He didn’t really know what to say. “I guess if you think that’s best then sure. Whatever you want.”
“I’ll miss you.” He said quietly and held out his hands. “C’mon.”
“Right...” Tony shifted on his feet a little, careful not to say anything to that. They weren’t friends, not by a long shot. But Alexander Pierce was Nick’s friend, so Tony had to maintain courtesy.
“I think it’s a piece of titanium gold alloy. Earth.”
Instead Tony felt his lips start to curve up. His eyes widened as he realized something else.
Only Steve beat him to it.
“You’re Iron man.” Steve said with awe in his voice, feeling Mr. Stark, no,
Obie had pushed him to go on, but it hadn’t been without consequences. The loss of his parents and the burden of being a CEO at such a young age had been too much for him to bear. He’d slept with anyone and everyone in a desperate bid for comfort. Any chance to find even one of the people who had a matching mark was worth the risk.
Steve was quiet for a moment, and he tilted his head like he was searching for a good answer.
this even happened and I promise I’m going to murder every single bastard that thought they could take our marriage and corrupt it. I’m not ready to sign those papers.” He said desperately, and tightened his hold on Tony’s hand.
Once they arrived at the main cavern, Tony joined the line of vampires all waiting patiently. Norman was stood in the center, speaking to the twins.
Once again, Tony was reminded of why he fit so well with Steve. He always knew what to say.
Steve hadn’t wasted any time after that. Once the doctor had said the words, Steve had booked Tony for an evaluation immediately and had requested the person come to Tony for the evaluation. Obviously, it hadn’t come as a surprise that Tony had been against it. But his opinion didn’t win in the end. Steve was too concerned apparently and the doctor was too firm.
“Yep. Made my bed and everything.” He said sharply, with a smile that could cut glass. He had to show a bit of grit at least, otherwise this wouldn’t stop.
“I’m not.” He blurted but rolled his eyes when Steve just stared at him. “I don’t think anyone’s ever had to organise my clothes for me. I usually have enough suits.”
"God please, don't stop-" Tony gasped when Steve tangled his hand in his hair and guided his head back to expose his neck. Then Steve pressed soft kisses to his throat, like he didn't want to leave any inch of Tony unmarked. Every touch Steve left felt like a burning mark on his skin that sunk deep into his bones and straight through to his core. No part of him would ever be the same after this.
Inside was a dark blue suit that was obviously tailored to emphasize the wearer’s lines. Tony could already tell by the cut of the slightly lighter lapels that the fit would be quite close. Beneath the jacket was a crisp white shirt with a similar blue tie that was fairly thin, giving the whole image a sharp clean look.
“You and I. What we have. Is it...is it something you want?” Steve said and the words felt distant to him. But at the same time, they encompassed his very being.
"Catch!" Tony coughed out and flung the shield with all his might in Steve's direction. And silently, he prayed Steve would catch it.
“Mr. Stark.” He said in a surprisingly firm voice for a thirty year old, and paused his tapping to look at him. “Have a seat.”
“Tell T’Challa I want another meeting. And this time, we keep it private. No publicity whatsoever. And I want to take up his offer. We’ll have the Dora-Milaje here by the end of the week if he allows it.”
The one thing Tony had always been grateful for, was Ezekiel not consolidating the bond. They’d never slept together and so, the bite on his skin could be overridden and orders could be ignored to an extent. Tony lived to preserve this small freedom he still had.
“I miss you. I miss
It didn’t quite have the effect Tony was hoping for. Instead of getting irritated, the man seemed pleased, a calm and controlled look taking over.
That was…okay that hadn’t been quite what he’d expected. He’d figured that…
“Oh, why yes, of course Stark! We do need to get on that, but don’t worry about that yet. If you could just complete the next lot I’ve sent, that’d be great.”
“I have his mate here.” His medic said and the group around Steve all nodded and parted like the Red Sea for him.
“Millions Mr. Stark! I’ll pay millions!”
“Strange, you need to calm down.” Reed says quietly behind him but something is missing. It’s like he’s lost in his own world of sorts. Like this is some dream to him and maybe Strange isn’t inches away from being thrown into a prison cell. Steve can’t understand, nor does he waste time trying to. So much for kinship between these men. They don’t even care about each other.
“Hey there, little one.” Steve smiled gently and after hearing another chirp, brought it to his cheek and nuzzled it gently. “Don’t worry, you’re safe. I’ll keep you safe, I promise.”
"You're crazy Stark." Ben murmured, but jolted when Tony began to laugh hysterically.
“Then how can it be you?” Tony croaks and wipes at his cheeks tiredly. “You don’t love me. You’re Captain America and you
“Need to-need to send a message...c-can you do that?” Tony tries again, trying to meet the man halfway only he just about manages to push himself to his feet.
If Tony had been better fed the night before, his cheeks would’ve burned with rage. The humiliation felt awful and made Tony want to storm back to his room (not that he actually would but still!). It hadn’t been his fault and yet-
He was in a motel. Not unlike the one in his dream. Only this time, there was no fire, no smoke and no screams. Just the faint sounds of someone breathing softly beside him.
Steve’s heart sank. “Tony-“
Something softened in his gaze and if Tony hadn’t felt so drained, he might’ve balked at the concern. “When was the last time you ate?”
"Tony, you-" She pursed her lips and looked around briefly. Then she fixed her gaze on him and knelt down beside him. To his complete and utter shock, she reached her arms around and pulled him in for a hug.
I do, I-!”
Somehow, through the haze he registered nails digging into his cheeks, and something wet started to drip down his face.
Through the coms, her voice softened, just a fraction.
over and over.
“You’re hurt.” Rogers says softly and shit, his eyes are starting to water. “I could lose you over this. And you’re pregnant too, we’re gonna have a baby and I put you at risk by letting you on the field-“
"Shhh I'm here Tony, are you alright?"
Sometimes there was no escaping the truth. He should’ve told Steve months ago.
“Y-you...looking f’r me?”
It was only after he left the apartment that he allowed himself to find an empty alley of his choice and throw up every bit of blood he’d had in the last few hours. All of it must’ve been Steve’s and he could still taste him in his mouth.
Use this link here:
He’s lost weight. He used to be stronger. He used to have a bright look in his eyes instead of this monster who is almost unrecognizable. Dim, faded eyes stare back at him, desperate for the next drink.
“You know the answer to that Steve. Let’s just leave it at that.” Iron man said tiredly and for a second, just a fraction, Steve was reminded of Stark.
The doors to the internal sections of the quinjet closed instantly, creating a vacuum tight seal that was virtually unbreakable, even by Steve or Thor. The air lock in the back of the quinjet then hissed open, creating an opening into space. On the nearby screens, Steve watched as Carol and Thor tested their coms and proceeded to jump into space, almost gear free.
His lips were moving before he could stop them. “But it would make it look like I’m with you. Or that I’m-I-“
“I know.”
There’s no recognition in Tony’s eyes. There’s nothing there at all.
Before Tony could ask what was so hilarious, he felt a warm body press close against his back, and felt a hot breath brush his ear.
Mute, Tony nodded, though the misery was palpable. He looked so upset and like he had lost all sparks of joy. In the dim light of the room, he almost looked sick.
“Mister Stark!” Robinson cried happily, clapping his hands together in delight. “How wonderful of you to join us.”
“Is it Thor?”
.” Steve whispered lowly, slowly wading towards him and Tony felt himself freezing when Steve approached him. Tony was about to open his mouth and ask what was wrong when-
“Steve, give him the injection, hurry-!”
“Good Anthony. You are so good, you know that?” Zeke said happily, patting his cheek gently.
He was happy. So overwhelmingly happy that it brought tears to his eyes.
“What was it?”
He leapt onto the building roof again. His leap was getting better-more blood gave him more strength and greater reach.
“You’d think they could afford more. What with how much they’re charging.” Steve said with a slight quirk of his lips. In another lifetime, Tony would’ve smiled back and joked about ditching for hot steamy super-soldier sex. But that was in the past.
“Oh.” Tony said quietly, pulling the box closer to his face to have a look.
“Of course.” He bowed, leaving Tony under Zeke’s care which of course made Tony's heart race even more.
“You look like you’re about to cry.”
Instead of answering, Steve began to strip his shirt off. Today he was wearing that khaki and plain shirt combo of his, which detracted from his amazing build so when he took his shirt off-
“Well that’s just great. I'll have to take you up on that Avenger.” Steve teased back and when Tony looked up at him, Steve just gave him a warm smile that was soft around the edges, and just a little happier than before.
Dugan’s eyes narrowed. “Less what?”
Steve smiled broadly at that and seemed pleased with himself. He nodded once and focused on Tony’s cuffs again, obviously occupied, even though the president himself was speaking. In all fairness, Tony had lost interest a long time ago.
Feeling empty inside, Tony nodded and looked away.
At that, Fury’s whole expression dimmed. Anger flashed on his face before he shook his head a sighed.
he’s fallen.
Opening his eyes, he sat up straighter and glanced at his empty office. His eyes fell on the last decoration in the room. “But the company will be fine. We’ll have a fix for this mess. It’s an opportunity.”
"Hey, yeah! It's me, I'm here!" Tony said and almost felt his lips curve up under the helmet. "Are you okay?"
“It’s not a problem. I was just surprised you’d even make something like this. I didn’t think you of all people would want-“ He froze and instantly looked away, seeming distraught. Steve frowned and folded his arms.
“That’s a shame. Whitney is so much better by your side. Won’t you miss her?”
“Well hello, team.” He says through the armor speakers and before Steve can help it, he’s smiling.
They ate in silence with Tony glancing at him every so often. They’d make eye contact and Steve would always be sure to keep his expressions calm. He did the same with his scent and was pleased that Tony’s wasn’t spiking anymore. It wasn’t nearly as intense, on all levels.
“I need to get that drink back to Dugan.” Tony said instead and reached out to grab the glass from Fury. But then he stopped.
The wolf whined but thankfully pulled away. He seemed to gauge Tony for something, before giving his neck a good long lick.
Tony once remembered reading an article about soulmates. How if a bond was strong enough the pain of one mate could actually start to transcend into the other. Not physical pain but a phantom pain that mimicked the sensations. He’d remembered scoffing and picking up his whiskey to take a drink. He’d never have believed it before and even if he did, he’d never feel it. That was probably the only plus side.
“Thanks.”
“You can’t escape. If you’re here that must mean you’ve been killing. You bloodsucker!”
Steve storms forward and yanks Reed’s arm back so that he turns back round and faces him, rather than behaving like the coward he is. “Hey! Don’t ignore me-!”
“Jesus, Stark.” Bucky says and shakes his head before standing up and staring down at him. “I thought I’d killed you.”
Just this once, he’ll try. If only for the sake of getting an answer.
“Then why are we celebrating now?” Tony blinked and hoped Thor couldn’t hear the anguish in his voice. Or see how badly his hands were starting to shake.
The suit felt cold on him. More empty, like he'd never be able to fill the space. The movements were somewhat jerky and unfamiliar and he had to double back a few times when he pushed too far with in the air. Simply put, he was out of practice and it showed.
“At least buy me dinner first.” Tony tutted but did as he was told for once.
Frustratingly, Zeke merely waved his hands; a clear sign he was ready to end the discussion. “It’s nothing of concern. He is simply a menace. Him and his merry band of animals. If you ever see him, remember one thing; that man is nothing but trouble and will stop at nothing, and I mean
Didn’t he know? Everyone knew he wasn’t Ironman anymore, and if they didn’t, it was blatantly obvious he was not on the Avengers team anymore. Otherwise he’d be on the top deck, geared up and ready to take the front line.
Shakily, Tony looks up and meets the eyes of the angry owner. For a moment, just for a split second, he almost wants to fight back.
“I want to try. I’m not as angry as before but I am upset. You let me down and hid the truth. But...” He sucked in a deep breath, twisting his fingers in the chain. “I was really upset about the divorce papers. I guess that was a final blow I didn’t expect. It made me seriously think you didn’t care at all.”
“Then...what?”
“Hey.” Tony smiled, adjusting his black leather jacket as he joined Steve by the door. Steve was wearing his brown leather jacket and had a tasteful assembly of jeans and a pale blue shirt. The man held a smirk on seeing Tony and casually leaned against the garage door, turning around to hold it open for Tony.
Tiberius Stone scanned the line up carefully, clearly searching and assessing. Finally, his gaze fell onto Tony.
“This-this liar-!”
“Mr. Stark.” She greets them warmly, and reaches for his charts at the base of the bed. “And Captain Rogers too.”
“No Tony. I won’t.” And as Tony’s eyes fell to Steve’s huge arousal and his hands reached out, the cycle repeated.
It’s spoken like a promise. Tony shudders under the force of Steve’s stare and feels his cheeks burn hotter under the gaze.
Steve’s eye twitched. “Obliged?”
“This is Jeremy. He’s my boyfriend.”
Huge fundamentally ginormous mistake. The kind Tony would beat himself up over for a long long time and Zeke would absolutely beat his ass for doing-
“If you’re wondering if anyone’s noticed, the answer is yes.” Maria chimed, taking a casual sip, as if Tony wasn’t getting completely exposed.
A crowd of vampires appeared in the room quickly and Zeke shoved through them to come forward, eyes wide and frantic with fear.
The moment stretched on. No one said a word and no one moved a muscle. The cold stone under his knees dug into his flesh through the material of his dark pants and his palms remained loose on the ground.
the final words went unsaid.
Tony,-"
Zeke barked out a laugh at that. “Oh but you do! You’re good that way. Sometimes I wish Whitney would see things the way you did. My life would be much easier.”
“Sad? Tony, I wouldn’t quite describe this as sad. This is...” Steve shook his head and began to pull off his leather jacket, the same one Steve had worn while they were dating. Steve took it off and wrapped it around him gently, guiding his arms into the sleeves and zipping up once he was done. It wasn’t the best for warmth but to Tony it felt like the exact thing he needed right now.
Except...
“Sure. Just bring him back in one piece. That’s Ironman, remember.” It almost sounded like a warning. But still, Fury nodded and Pierce returned the gesture with an honest smile.
Carol was looking at him with such a sad gaze. Her eyes looked pained and something about her expression seemed resigned. Like she knew.
He wonders if this is what it feels like to die. If all the near death experiences he faced in his previous life were a lie.
was far.
“Who’s the father?” He says and looks at her carefully. “I wasn’t involved with anyone. Last I remember I was dating Pepper but we weren’t even close to anything like this.”
Tony felt Steve’s entire body still at that. Then he felt Steve’s fingers reach out and curl around him tightly.
“You think?” Tony replied, letting Steve right him and guide him towards the door. Where were they? Tony didn’t think he’d ever seen this place before.
He was in Steve's bed and they'd spent the day together. Then later, Steve had invited him in and they'd talked and-
“C’mon Stark, lets just get this over with. The commander’s waiting inside for you.” She said, turning on her heel quickly. Tony opened and closed his mouth sharply. It was better not to ask-
Finally, one of the women spoke, though she barely looked at him as she did. “Yeah, sure.”
He was about to say more but Tony’s eyes rolled back as the pain overtook him again and his scent roared and thickened. When he blinked open his eyes again, they were hazy and weren’t tracking and somehow, the honey scent grew sweeter.
“There’s nothing to discuss.”
“Stop kidding, you totally were!”
Why had they left him with Steve?
There was no way, was there? Steve didn’t...
Silence. Pin-drop silence filled the room.
“The doctor said-she said I’ve been trying to
Pulling one of the wrists closer, Tony stared at the cuff link nestled in the fabric. Then his cheeks started to burn as he realized what they were.
“Okay, as great as this is, when’re the police coming? I don’t wanna wait for these guys to wake up.” Peter said, clapping his hands and Natasha landed beside him, rolling her many eyes.
His legs are shaking. His whole body is shaking. His face shifts between a look of pain and pleading. He knows he has no right to ask but he doesn’t want to be forgotten. He wants them to know he still thought of them. Even when he’s gone, they’ll know he thought of them.
Suddenly Tony can’t take it. After months of staying hidden, the dam begins to break.
Minutes passed without a word. Zeke continued to mutter soft words of false comfort without stopping Tony. And slowly, the fog of Tony’s mind began to clear. And with it, the sinking resignation set in.
Time was slow. He spent his days correcting the work he’d done just hours before, spent more time trying to avoid his residents, and spent even more time trying to dodge people altogether.
That was until a hand slipped into his belt from behind and tugged him back a little.
he did.
“Perhaps.” Zeke murmured and fell back against the cushions slowly. “I have already called for help. He should be here soon. Then we can start to consider whether we should wipe them out or not.”
Zeke’s nostrils flared. Whitney downright snarled.
“How?” Steve said, though his eyes narrowed. He didn’t sound surprised at all, just grim.
his mind warned him distantly. Alarms were ringing in his mind.
The fight ended quickly after that. Other than Zeke, all of the vampires had been knocked out and gathered by Thor, so that the police would come to arrest them instantly. Apparently vampire fights were illegal and faction behavior was prohibited. Needless to say, Tony knew that wouldn’t stop the others out there.
Once he was by Steve’s side, he landed and turned around. It was a giant robot, almost identical to the one on the Helicarrier, only this one looked newer since parts of it were gleaming. And to everyone’s delight, the smaller robots scattered around all came to life as well and chose that moment to start coming towards them. So much for getting lucky.
“Jesus, Stark. What the hell’s wrong with you?” Ben wrinkled his nose as Tony ghosted past him. The lab felt really cold, why was no one else shivering?
“Tony.” Steve breathed and blinked, reaching out to grab his hand. Tony didn’t close his hand around Steve’s, feeling too shaky to really move and instead noted his surroundings.
“I called you here because I have a proposition for you, Stark. There’s something I wanted to discuss.”
“Yes. I’m the Captain. And these are the Avengers.” Steve explained and straightened his chin. The effect was somewhat lost as a werewolf. “I would’ve told you if you’d accepted my invitation. I didn’t exactly hide it.”
He could feel Steve frowning at him from the side but he ignored the blond train wreck by reaching for his wallet. Only the tailor stopped him.
“Stark, what the hell do you think you’re doing!?”Maria barked, as soon as he accepted the call. “The commander ordered you to stay on the Helicarrier! You know you’re a target, not to mention, you’re still walking around with three bullet holes!”
Steve’s whole world collapses. There’s nothing left to save.
"Tony, what's wrong?" Steve asked urgently, and went pale when he saw Tony try to get out of the bed.
Maria went silent for a moment. Then-
“My lord.” Whitney agreed quietly, lowering her shrill voice significantly. “I can still help you out there. Let me help you,
Now you HAVE to check out Juni's AMAZINGLY ANGSTY, BEAUTIFUL ART!
Steve nodded to himself and didn't give Tony a chance to say anything else.
“Don’t lose this chance. He wouldn’t want you to have any regrets.”
“Yeah but who the hell wants to see him here? And did you see the commander? Like, holy shit-“
“Oh my god, Tony-“
"I don't expect anything from you Steve." Tony said quietly, and suddenly all joking vanished as he stepped forward until he was a breath away. "I never expected you to feel anything like that towards me. But I'm glad if you do, even if it's just a fraction of what I feel for you."
“So, you walk in here and expect me to agree to that? Tony Stark belongs to-to
“I got it!” Tony said, feeling a little wild and a bit dizzy. Like he’d been electrified.
“What are you-“
It took Tony back to when Ty had mentioned his preferences in the hospital. And Steve had completely disagreed. Tony didn’t think he’d like bondage after Afghanistan.
It had been nasty. Had turned nasty pretty quickly. The adrenaline of facing Osborn and the lack of contact before that moment had made them ill-prepared for the moment they would finally see each other. Steve had screamed and he had screamed back.
“Hmmm.” Norman started to circle him, measuring him from all sides. “You’ve been out before haven’t you? Some time last year if I remember.”
if that’s what you want.”
“Wow. Never thought I’d see the day.” Tony shook his head in awe.
“Wave back.” Fury said quietly and when he didn’t move, Fury turned to him and lifted the glass of water to his mouth. But something burned in his eye.
“Been working hard? I see they still got the same uniform.” Tony winked, letting his hands fall into his pockets casually.
"Well I do. Will you let me take you out?"
“No, Mr. Stark.” She says as she straightens her glasses, though it’s clear she’s upset. “You told me you’ve been trying for months. And when you found out, you were incredibly happy.”
Tony tried not too think too hard about the fact that Steve knew his size.
It felt like it was lived in. People lived here. They ate and bathed and joked here, and behaved like a family. They probably squabbled and made up like one too.
One; this man was the same man Tony had seen earlier. The same golden eyed, big blond with gravitas.
Bringing his shaking hands up to rub his arms, he jerked his head in the direction of the exit. It took two seconds for him to decide. If he stayed here, he’d die, simple as that. Out there it was just as likely but there was a chance. He had to make a break for it.
“I’ll be back with that water.” Tony promised and pulled back when Gabe smiled at him. Tony almost thought he looked proud but it was probably just his mind playing tricks on him.
Tony’s eye twitches. That isn’t what he’s after.
“I think we both know why. We need something permanent.” Tony says quietly and looks at the letter on the desk in a new light.
“Wow! That’s a strong kick!”
Steve then glanced at the baby Iron-tsum in his hands and then looked at the Cap-tsum with dawning realisation.
Tony really couldn’t be bothered with Zeke right now. He was more than happy to spend his time thinking about Steve and Manhattan. Honestly Zeke could go-
"For the record, I missed you too. In case you didn't notice." He tried not to grin harder when Steve squeezed his arm around him tighter. "And I forgive you. I never really blamed you."
Tony frowned and squeezed his hands tightly. “I don’t have a mate.”
Tony’s head shot up. “We are?” He’d hoped so but hearing it-
“Thanks.” Stark whispered hoarsely and took a long sip, leaving Steve to look him over. The man looked exhausted.
“Of course.”
“How...how long?” Tony rasped, licking his lips as he took slow steps to the now open door. It felt like it had been years.
“Don’t leave.” Steve begged, watching with a weary expression as Tony sat up and took the call.
“Mr Stark.” Someone tapped him on the shoulder and he turned around to see. It was the agent next to him. “The analysis is here.” The agent (a young man with a high pitched voice) said, and tapped at his own screen lightly. “It was added after the machines were disassembled.”
Zipping the suit up to his chest, he reached for the white belt and clipped it around, feeling a snug fit. Then he grabbed the white boots and gloves and slipped those on too. Once he’d zipped it up fully, he turned.
Steve felt a pit in his stomach as he quickly realized what he’d just implied.
Steve said nothing. He just continued to stare ahead, jaw tightening with each second.
“Ha, yeah. I guess it’s just clumsiness. Maybe I’m tired. You know how it is, all these days spent being an Avenger.” Tony smiled, though the minute he did, Stern pounced on him.
“You know it.” Tony felt his lips say and forced his mouth to smile. It didn’t reach his eyes but luckily she was already out of her seat and scanning the crowd.
Another week passes. Strange doesn’t say a word to him, clearly having decided to join T’Challa in shared silence. The Avengers continue to build while Blackbolt and Beast accompany Reed in the monitored labs.
“Yes please.” Tony mumbled, picking up Fury’s pen and fiddling with it. Fury let him without saying a word.
Silence. The table went silent. Then-
His thoughts vanished quickly when the elevator doors slid open. The sight he was greeted with completely blew his mind.
“TONY!” Steve screamed, but a roar drowned him out and suddenly the Hulk appeared behind the pair.
When Tony looked back, Zeke and the others were scrambling back in horror. Their bodies shook against their will as the backed away quickly. But Steve was already on them, having ripped at half of Ty’s men almost instantly.
“Well if you know my situation then there’s no point wasting time.” Tony said dryly, hoping the man couldn’t see the slight tremor in his hand.
“Fine. Just need to eat.” Tony sighed and dropped his hand only to stare at the huge plate of food in front of him. Where had that come from?
And proceeded to punch Robinson in the nose. The man went down after a solid crunch.
"But the SHRA-"
need.” Tony repeated, unable to shift his gaze from the unconcerned man in front of him.
“Hmm. Fair. So tell me-“ Dugan jerked his head up at Steve. “How’d you get on Captain America’s radar? It’s not every day someone catches his eye.”
“Hey, no that’s okay-“
“It’s whatever you want it to be. I just thought I’d put it out there, especially now that I’ve seen what you can do. And seeing as you like Janice enough...” Steve grinned, blatantly enjoying how uncomfortable that made him feel.
"Steve, what're you-"
“I must do something about the situation. With Whitney unable to leave, we have a problem. It’s never wise to leave a claimed area un-visited. I’m concerned they may have tracked my own scent as well.”
“You’ve been good for this family Anthony. Do the same for your new one when the time comes.”
"Tony-"
“Don’t apologize.” Steve bit out but then took a deep breath.
“Tony, please, just hang on-“
A message came through on the screen within seconds and Tony pulled it up and yup, those were definitely the robots.
When he opened the door, he didn’t know whether to turn back round or scream. The entire group of scientists were hunched around the TV, and looked like they were watching some kind of action movie. They were laughing and shouting just as the sound of gunfire roared through the screen.
Tony could see Steve visibly tense from the corner of his eye. There was almost a nervous energy to him, if Tony paid close enough attention. As it was, the ceiling was actually pretty interesting. Was that magenta colouring, or cream?
"Thor, Carol, keep it distracted while Tony gets to me!"
He turns on his heel and leaves before she can. It doesn’t matter because he doesn’t want to hear what she has to say. It’s only been a month after all.
“So how’d you get that juice? I didn’t think vampires liked that sort of thing.”
Tony had dreamed of that once. Now that seemed like a pipe dream.
Steve’s eyes grow darker. His expression turns stormier than Tony remembers in the blizzard.
Shocked whispers filled the cavern. Tony caught words like ‘blasphemy’ and ‘traitor’ in the discussions.
It scared him. And it was made so much worse by the fact that Steve had someone else.
“We’ve removed the bullets and stitched up the wounds. He’s lucky they didn’t hit any major organs but he did lose blood. And adding to what we found on the initial results...”
“Yes. This is my home. Welcome Tony.” Steve finally smiled, something wistful in his eyes.
After a moment of quiet, Steve laughed a little and shook his head tiredly. “I can’t believe it but...this is actually the best thing that could’ve happened.”
He ignores Carol and latches onto Tony’s left wrist, pulling it close. His fingers are curled around it and Tony feels so cold and Steve’s worry
Steve’s eyes drifted to his cuffs. There, they settled.
“Red.” Ty says instantly.
Reluctantly, Tony glanced at the floor and began to mourn the pile of clothes. His black body suit and Steve’s blue one were lying across the floor, completely intertwined and no doubt wrinkled. “You mean the one you ripped last night?”
"You can't be serious! I said I can't-"
“It’s over
“Oh sure.” Tony rolled his eyes and folded his arms. “You’re welcome. Just don’t let the door hit you on the way in.”
He’s always wanted to tell him but has never had the courage, for fear that it would’ve destroyed what they had or worse-
He blinked at the ceiling and considered it. “Did she leave a message?”
“You’re his mate. His soulmate. It’s you, Tony. Everyone knows.”
For some reason Tony felt his skin start to heat at the comment. On instinct he glanced at his uniform and shook his head.
“You see these?” Steve said quietly, reaching between them to clasp Tony’s dog tags.
In front of him, Fury was quiet. But then he reached out and eased the glass out of Tony’s hand. Tony side-eyed him but didn’t stop dabbing.
“Sure.” Tony closed his eyes and smiled. “The papers said it all. Thanks for the gift by the way.
By the time he looked up again, he realized the whole situation was made so much worse by Steve.
"It's agent Stark." He said numbly and turned away, even as he saw the fear in her eyes. "Don't hesitate to ask my boss if you need any upgrades, Captain Marvel. The research team is happy to help."
“Yeah, no. Something’s eating at you Cap. C’mon, you can tell me.”
He was one of the few people who Tony had figured was in his corner. Was different to Obie and Howard because he had actually given him a chance.
restaurant, no matter what Steve thought. Just because this had been their first official place to start dating, didn’t mean that Steve had more of a right to it. Steve didn’t even
“Damn it.” Steve cussed under his breath. “
“The baby kicked!” Tony jumps up quickly and presses a hand to his stomach. “Quick, come feel!”
"You wouldn't...you wouldn't stop me. In my head." Tony croaks and feels his heart ache. "You wouldn't...you wouldn't
“You heard him.” Tony hears Rogers say behind him and knows that Rogers is extremely smug. “See you in the morning.”
he thought desperately, feeling his head spin. He had to make the journey,
A brief glance made him consider the Shield agents shooting at the robot but then he knew they weren’t an option. They seemed pretty stuck and he was afraid that pulling one out would mean they’d get hurt in the cross fire.
“-here Tony, I’m here, you’re okay, you’re fine-“
“Right.” Tony glanced down at the stain on his tie before looking back up. “Sorry, I didn’t even think. I’ll get it dry cleaned and returned to you as soon I-“
He had to sort this out. Once and for all.
After a moment, Norman, Whitney Tiberius and Zeke were the only ones left. At their signal, Tony willed his legs to step forward.
“He loved me didn’t he?” Steve says tiredly, feeling numb. He needs to get used to it. This is how it’s gonna be now.
Another police car pulled up and Tony took that as his cue to leave. Call him a stalker but he was a glutton for entertainment, especially considering how limited his creature interaction was. This would be fun to think about when he had nothing better to do than press Zeke’s feet and sing praises.
“Stark, can you please deliver these to the commanders office?” Tyler beamed when Tony looked up from his tablet, rubbing his eyes to stop them from shutting against his will. How Ty had managed to approach his desk without him knowing, he’d never guess.
“Any reason why you waited till now to show?” Steve snarls, and Tony doesn’t move. He doesn’t even respond.
“You won’t do it.” Steve said softly as he watched Tony’s lip tremble. “Because you still care about me.”
“No, you don’t.” Bucky says firmly and puts the letter down. He continues to stare at him like he can read into his very soul and Tony doesn’t know what to think of that. Or about any of this really.
Carefully he pushed the frame under the bed and continued to unpack, loading various bits and pieces into the lockers. At least he had a bit more space since none of the other agents would be sharing. That was fine, better even.
Tony hated how nice it felt. He’d never admit it to anyone.
It almost bites at Tony. This is a farce. The whole thing is a farce. Tony opens his mouth to speak.
“I don’t play it safe. If there’s something you should know about me, it’s that.” Steve’s voice pulled him out of his thoughts and he opened his eyes to find Steve staring at him intently.
He glanced at Steve who was too busy nodding in agreement. Steve didn’t know.
The sound of the chair screeching behind him made him stop, and he wasn't surprised when Steve called him back.
“Werewolf remember? Super strength, super speed, super-“
Happy? How can he be happy about this? What reason is there to be happy?
After spending a whole day with Steve, Tony began to see a light at the end of the tunnel. A future where they could be together.
He’d give anything for Steve to be okay. Absolutely anything.
“But...I’m gonna be sick...I-I need you-“
“Who is that guy?” Jeremy asked but not before Tony rolled his eyes and turned back.
“You did, Captain. You said you would beat him bloody. And you did.”
“Ah well.” Steve twitched uncomfortably under the scrutiny. “I’ve met them but they don’t know yet. It’s sort of something I plan to keep close to the chest for a while. I haven’t opened up the bond yet, and since they don’t know-“
He finds a small alley in one of the blocks nearby. It’s empty, save for a few bags of trash and some pieces of metal rust. Snow covers most of it though and Tony sees it as the perfect place to rest.
“Whitney. Leave.” Zeke ordered, voice devoid of all emotions. That was her cue to leave.
Awed, Tony held up a shakey hand and cleared his throat. “Ste-Cap-“
“No one wants to see me. Especially not my-“
Resolute, the doctor glanced at him again and straightened up. Pale-faced, Steve watched with look full of dread, as the doctor leaned over a little and stared at him.
“Is everything okay?” Maria added and he settled on a shrug.
“You’re doing so well Tony. Just deep breaths, that’s it.” He tried, brushing Tony’s sweaty hair out of his eyes. Tony’s face contorted with pain and all of a sudden, the anger disappeared.
ships. The ones that scanned and destroyed, leaving nothing but dust in their wake.
Kind of like how he was before when they’d been dating in MIT.
With a heavy heart, Tony put his hand on the bed and pulled himself up, feeling the cool frame shift in his other hand. The frame was split too. It was just pure luck that the picture inside was just slightly bent. But the intention was clear.
“You’ve done your research, I’ll grant you.” Zeke said, though he did look a bit unnerved. “It doesn’t change the facts. This is our place. Our area. You savages can’t just turn up and take it like a bunch of thieves.”
"Tony-"
Natasha had warned Steve that Tony’s heat would be bad. He’d been taking suppressants since he was a teenager and hadn’t stopped since. Of course, when the law changed, Tony had no choice. It was either risk an intense heat or sign his life away to an alpha.
Instantly Tony's back straightened, all earlier jokes gone. It was one thing to talk to Steve. It was another thing entirely to follow him somewhere unknown.
“It’s you alright.” Tony admitted tiredly, facing the ground. “He thinks I never got over you.”
As soon as he reached his room, he bolted the door shut and began to pace, feeling his heart race. The memory plagued him.
The air leaves Steve’s body. There is silence. Then-
“Look through. I sent messages too.” Steve said, and pushed the phone into one of Tony’s hands.
After pushing his lips further against Steve’s, Tony pulls up and takes a deep breath, feeling his eyes sting at the amount of dust and toxins in the air. His mind is racing, swirling with the possibilities of more. He’s always wanted to kiss Steve but to get the chance when they are both barely breathing? That isn't fair.
The worst thing was that Tyler sounded so reasonable. Like Tony was the one who didn’t understand why this was for the best. And why this was good for him.
“I know why you’re going, I know it’s got something to do with that robot attack. It’s a fight you’re heading to. I want in.”
“I know. But we can’t change that. We just have to work around it.” Steve eyed Tony carefully with something like sympathy a.
Steve’s eyes widened in horror and instantly he reached forward and closed his arms around Tony. For all he had been dizzy and weak-
“And you’re scent.” Zeke took a sniff and cringed. “It’s changed. You smell of...”
“I’ll take you to my place. You can warm up there and recover while I sort things out. You said your boyfriend just left you here?”
Enraged, Sharon, spun on her seat and gave him a look that was scorching. “You don’t think it’s a little insane!? Not to mention,
"I nearly killed you. When we fought." He said, and paled as he spoke. "I had my shield raised and I was seconds away from doing the one thing I wouldn't have been able to live with. If anything had happened to you because of me-"
“The injector.”
Tony turns back to the four and blinks tiredly. It’s hard to pretend he cares.
Clint instantly jumped back in horror. Desperately he held his hands out for peace.
"Anyone talks to Agent Stark like that again, and we're gonna have issues. You understand?"
But then a sudden thought struck Tony and his smile dimmed.
not seen it?
. Dust in the wind.” Tony says and smiles, eyeing a certain book collecting dust in the corner of the room. “My sun is back.”
He didn't know why he'd gotten so angry. It wasn't like Ben usually got to him, but that had hit harder. The thought of Steve being so quick to cast him aside while he-
Tony’s perspective of him had changed. He really considered Steve his best friend. His only friend.
Iron man. Iron man was the enigma. The puzzle he wished to solve. The key to the lock of possibilities, or so he felt. He knew he didn’t need to know but somehow not knowing was driving him up the wall.
“You shouldn’t have misbehaved Anthony. I don’t know why you felt the need to disobey Ezekiel but I personally am so disappointed. I was the one who gave you the opportunity after all.” Norman taunted in his ear, digging his knee into the center of Tony’s lower back and leaning close enough to whisper in his ear.
you-“
“You didn’t have to. The delivery did it for you.”
“No-“
“We talked about that.” Rogers implores and clenches his fists right by his sides like he’s itching for a fight. “You don’t remember but we sat down and talked. I apologized because I was
“Do it.”
“Go ahead. I won’t stop you Tony. Do it.”
The tablet began to bend a little in his hand. Steve’s brow was furrowed and somehow he couldn’t help but look at Tony, the omega he considered as his own.
“So you know that the blood I give you is yours and yours alone, yes?”
It’s too much. He keeps getting distracted from all the younger Avengers and it's disappointing them. Carol finally steps in and pulls him aside.
Tony held his hand up. "Stop. I meant everything I said that night. Everything." Then Tony felt the words just pour out like they'd been there on the tip of his tongue since the beginning.
“Tony, stay with me!” He vaguely heard and felt his head start to tilt back. Then hands shot out and grabbed him sharply, locking him in a tight grip.
Steve spun on his heel and looked at him, body alert and primed. Then he tossed his shield at the robot and began to run towards Tony in full speed.
“Y’re not r’l...” Tony slurs and doesn’t even have the energy to comment on Steve’s shocked expression. “M’ alone.”
“My friend has agreed to come and help us. Ty should be here by the end of the month and then he can take over your role. I just thought I should tell you pet. You won’t be troubled for too long.” Zeke patted his back lightly and smiled warmly. “And of course, we won’t lose our claims since he is a much better fighter than you.”
“You’re bossy.” Tony blurted and then he clapped a hand over his mouth in awe of his own audacity. Had he really just said that?
Sharon had figured out the rest.
He doesn’t want to give his body up. He thinks, in the darkest corners of his mind, that he’d rather succumb to the cold than give himself...that way.
“I just w-wanted to say-“ And he has to pause because what does he want to say? There’s always been so much and he’s always been good with words. Wasn’t that a thing? Tony Stark is good with words? Tony Stark is-
“You met Norman earlier and you know Whitney. These are the other members of my family and I’m sure they’ll treat you well.”
“S’cuse me. I just saw one of the faces and need to go say hello to some of the monkey suits. I’ll be right back.” Fury lamented, putting his drink down and sliding out of the chair. Maria also followed and so, it was just Sharon and the Commandos.
“See you then.” Steve replied easily and set his cup aside, leaving the room in four confident strides.
“You tell me.” Steve growled into his ear as he twisted until Tony moaned. “If I don’t own it anymore.”
” Tony gasped and crashed his lips to Steve’s, feeling tears of joy begin to fall. And just as strongly, he felt Steve’s hands slip under him to span across his back.
When he brings his hands around himself, he realizes he’s dropped his bottle. The one item he still had.
Eying Steve carefully, he made a point to raise a brow before looking down at the box. Slowly he pulled the top off and looked inside.
