Castiel’s eyes close on a slow blink, holding shut for all of three seconds before opening again to fix on Dean – always on Dean, curiosity and trust and endless intensity.
Castiel only fixes her with a stern mock-glare before collecting his purchases and moving along from the stall. Gail watches as he wanders away, not bothering to suppress her smile as she sees him pause to snap a picture of a crate of purple asparagus. Castiel squints endearingly at the screen as he then, presumably, sends it to his
Blue; the color of the sky, the ocean. Deep, vast, unfathomable things. Dean thinks of floating, flat on his back in a chlorine-sharp motel pool and his ears submerged. The calm, muffled weightlessness of the water and the increasingly-distant fear of knowing that here, in that moment, absolutely anything could happen in the outside world and Dean would be none the wiser.
Dean flexes his own fingers to remind himself of their place, clenched in the heavy denim of his jeans. Cas, meanwhile, pushes lower, his boxers riding down until they very obviously catch on the base of Castiel’s cock. Jesus, Cas’s
Eileen signs, and Dean promptly chokes on his drink. Sam barks a laugh and Eileen smirks, wordlessly tipping her beer in her husband’s direction. Sam closes the distance with one absurdly long limb to clink their bottles together in cheers, Dean glaring murder all the while.
Sam makes a protesting noise from beside him but Dean keeps his eyes on the road, not needing to look to see the broken-open, pitying sadness Sam’s directing his way.
Dean thinks, sharp as a knife to the chest. He thinks of The Roadhouse. Of Wyoming. Losing the Colt to Bela. His increasingly frequent nightmares of what’s coming for him in Hell and his eventual demon self.
Dean senses movement in his periphery and shuffles forward with the rest of the queue. He glances up and his mood brightens considerably as he catches sight of the wall of checkout candy bait.
Dean unceremoniously slides a plate onto the table, jerky with nerves, and the man’s gaze falls heavy to the stack of warm pancakes set before him.
Dean drags over the little paperback to thump lightly down in his lap, hands shaky from an overabundance of caffeine clumsily tucking it into his jacket pocket. He slides out from the booth and approaches the counter, change for the coffee ready to go for when the guy lets Dean know he’s overstayed his welcome.
Dean, who had just shuffled out from the kitchen, coffee in hand and mid-yawn, looks warily up to the entry landing and door in question.
“Gabriel,” Castiel says urgently, not knowing how the archangel came to know of his plans or why he’s here, helping, now, but grateful nonetheless. Together, they’ve cornered Crowley more effectively than Castiel could ever have hoped to achieve on his own. Lilith is another matter entirely. “Kill her,” he pleads. “End it!”
Castiel’s heart painfully jumps, taking up residence somewhere in the vicinity of his throat. “What?”
Castiel, however, looks more frustrated than ever. “I don’t… I want…” Cas sucks in a short breath and locks eyes with Dean, looking stricken; irritation lost to wide-eyed confusion and
The man’s eyes light in understanding, and he bends to open a pocket of the battered duffel at his feet. In short order he straightens, a simple Bic in hand and Dean takes it when offered, bending slightly at the waist to smooth the crumpled receipt flat to the table.
Sam blinks hard, swallows back his words and sighs, leaden and threaded with defeat. He drops heavily to the bed opposite Dean, their knees knocking in-between.
, Dean?” Cas growls into the minimal space between them, face-to-face and close, too fucking close. “Do you think me naïve?” His drags his palm down Dean’s length, hand huge and firm and warm even through the thick fabric of his jeans. Cas's grip tightens at the head of Dean's cock, fingers moving in a rough massage that has him helplessly whimpering out his pleasure, sinfully good.
Cas rolls his eyes, though the fondness remains. “The grave desecrations. Was it a ghoul?” He moves further into Dean’s space, close and familiar, to brush a kiss at Dean’s jaw, tilts his chin to say, “I missed you, Dean,” warm at Dean’s ear.
“Give me a minute!” Dean snaps, retreating into defensiveness. “I gotta, uh,” he drops his eyes to the phone, quickly losing steam. “I mean, it could be a few days, I should…”
“Thanks, snookums,” the man deadpans, giving nothing away, and with a brisk turn on his heel is striding towards the door; and while it should be impossible with his casual speed and the stubborn lack of an indoor, gusty breeze, the man’s tan trench gives the strongest impression of dramatic billowing Dean’s ever actually seen. Because this is real life, not a goddamn Billy Wilder film. And also,
Dean hides his face by burrowing into his hands, passing over it twice on a rough scrub. “I’m really,” he says, muffled, then ducks further to dig the heels of his palms hard into his eyes. “I’m not gonna. I’m really not going to Hell?”
“Echo 4’s last known location is precisely 80 miles southeast of here,” Castiel says to Dean’s back. “We are by far in the best position to provide aid and get our men clear of the enemy forces.” Dean’s shoulders tense, but he remains silent. Castiel makes his way to the door of his chambers, cracking it open. “I’m putting together a unit,” he says shortly. “We leave at 16:00. Take the time you need.”
Dean blusters out a noise of pure indignation. “Dude, you didn’t even call me back last night! Who’s to say that was really Cas, huh? You didn’t even bother to check! I could be dead by now!”
“Yes, yes, I’m aware,” she says, quick and unconcerned, and accepts the bills Castiel hands over as payment. She winks. “I’ll ask again next week.”
and Dean again lurches forward, knowing what he can and can’t do but he can be closer, right? Cas needs him to be closer.
Gabriel steps back and Castiel falls, braced to hands and knees and he remembers this, too. Remembers standing on the face of that mountain for a long, long while before making himself One with the earth he loved so much, so much more than the Father intended; before dropping to his knees to slowly, carefully, deliberately bleed his Grace into the land.
“Smells good,” Sam says, making a beeline for the veggie and swiss Dean’s already got plated by the stove. Dean rolls his eyes as Sam starts shoveling in his food right where he stands, hovering at Dean’s elbow like the stray fucking barn dog he is. “Mm,” he hums appreciatively. “Thanks, man.”
Dean breaks away from Cas’s mouth with a gasp. Cas’s free hand pointedly pulls at the collar of Dean’s overshirt. “
“Can it, will you?” Gabriel interrupts, and with a sharp arc of power the demon shouts, falling forward to brace her forearms to the floor. She gasps and writhes, grey leather jacket bunching at deceptively delicate wrists. She again raises her head, hair flicked back to reveal features now contorted into a snarl, half-smile. Her eyes shine, milky white.
Cas does, though certainly not in the way Dean expects; rolls his head abruptly towards Dean, mouth soft and searching and Dean's forced to jerk back to avoid contact. Castiel’s nose bumps into Dean’s hand on the seat, breath hot along Dean’s fingers as he groans in irritation – denied the kiss he was so shamelessly reaching for.
“Oh my god, shut up,” Dean gripes, even as he fights down a smile. “Don’t laugh at me! I was totally getting somewhere!”
The Archangel Gabriel, for whatever reason, has fallen into Castiel’s orbit on this particular incursion onto the Earthly plane. He has placed himself atop the sloped thatch roof of a small, ramshackle hut to Castiel’s left; laid out in a loose and casual sprawl which belies the furious sense of inefficacy radiating from him in waves, and causing Castiel no small amount of unease.
Dean glances over and visibly balks, apparently getting the message loud and clear and wanting nothing to do with it. “Dude, I’m fine,” he says. “Chill out, why don’t you?”
Dean lifts his head, eyes wide; his expression broken open into something lost, terrified. Heartbreakingly hopeful.
But if there’s one thing Dean loves about his job, it’s the free pass. Flirting is Barista 101, and Dean has had a
“I realize we left many things unresolved when last we spoke of my affections, but given what you’ve told me of your history with men—”
You’re a hoot, man. Are you some 70yr old grandpa who’s suspiciously good at texting, or do you just talk like one?
Dean leaves Sam to navigate the way to their seats, more focused on scoping out the best-looking places for food and booze than where they’re going. But when Sam nudges Dean and starts tromping his way down into the stands, Dean definitely takes notice.
Dean steps forward and Cas takes the cup. Dean retrieves the note from the counter and carefully unfolds the small scrap of paper.
There’s a day when he comes in, Mr. Corner Booth Coffee, and with determination – if not a little apprehension – comes to the front instead.
“Dean, these…incidences happen with alarming frequency. This uncertainty, not knowing… It's hard to bear.”
and oh, fuck, Dean is so screwed. “Yes,” Cas says, considering and low. He brings up a hand to tug sharply at a lock of hair curling at his forehead. “You did say you would trim it soon.” He turns to make his way back down the hall, throwing over his shoulder as he goes, “A shampoo and a cut is standard procedure, yes?”
“Dean,” Cas says, low, and Dean realizes his breathing is too fast, too harsh; that he’s got one hand fisted in Castiel’s hair and the other gripped on his shoulder, thumb pressing in hard at the fabric of the angel’s collar. “Dean,” and Castiel (blindly, oh, fuck) turns his head, just a bit, and suddenly Dean’s taking in shuddering breaths of the air from Castiel’s own mouth; wide and soft and lips very, very pink.
Castiel keeps his silence. It is a matter of hours before the rise of the sea will completely overtake this village; the water come to wash away the fear, the sickness and the rot. The land thus Cleansed.
“You’re letting Dean leave?” he asks, his eyes wide. Dean is the one who aches for the outside world, who has family out there still, and so it would make sense for Death to grant him that freedom while Castiel remains to tend to the cemetery.
Dean had decided to kiss him, but the careful way he’d done it, soft and quiet like the dawn breaking over the horizon, has left a lasting imprint on Cas that he can’t shake.
Dean takes a moment to absorb the atmosphere and the quiet—and the lack of bickering. It’s been a long time since he’s gotten to appreciate nature like this, and it’s… honestly kinda nice.
He jabs Novak in the chest again, but this time Novak's hand comes up to grab his. There's a spark in his blue eyes, a hint of anger perhaps, and it's only now that Dean realises just how close they are. He's pretty much chest-to-chest with the man, the two of them almost breathing the same air, and Novak is backed up against the counter that runs along the edge of the kitchen.
or what-the-fuck-ever. Dean is definitely planning to feign sickness at half time (whatever the theatre equivalent is)…
“That’s for leaving,” he tells Cas, his voice wobbling, “and for making me think you were someone else, and for making me feel like I’d broken my promise to wait and bond with you.”
, you tell me.” There’s something in his smile that Castiel can’t quite decipher, something amused but a little bit sad. “
Castiel can only nod, too overwhelmed to put any of his thoughts into words. How can Dean possibly have
He’s going to have to be—the alternative would be sleeping in Dean’s clothes, and that is something that he definitely would not be able to handle. “I’ll be fine to sleep in these,” he says with a tired smile. Then, both to change the subject and because he’s starting to get the feeling that as cool and laidback as Dean pretends to be, he’s actually extremely dedicated to his work, he adds, “And don’t stay up too late working on that. It will still be there in the morning.”
The weeks pass, and with them Castiel gets a handful of sightings of the vigilante. A few quick encounters, a few glimpses from afar, but nothing that’s
,” Dean protests hotly, his cheeks burning with shame and embarrassment. It’s clear that the President wants nothing to do with his stupid infatuation, but Dean doesn’t protect him because of some fucking crush, he does it because he took an oath to serve his country and if this is how he does so then so fucking be it.
unpacking the mess of thoughts and feelings that his head has become. It almost felt simpler back when he’d just been ignoring all this dominant and submissive stuff.
feeling and get it over with. After he goes to sleep, they’ll wake up and everything will be back to normal, right?
Castiel slowly pulls himself up into a sitting position, waving Dean away as he tries to help. “I feel fine,” he insists, giving Dean a reassuring smile. “Really. What happened after I—did I pass out?”
want to talk to Inias about what happened. The two of them talk idly as their dinner cooks, and it’s only once Hannah packs up her laptop and disappears into the bedroom that Castiel broaches the subject once more.
“Y’know, I don’t think my ass has ever gotten that kind of reaction from anyone,” he teases, and despite the sensations currently curling in his groin, Castiel gives him a playful scowl.
Dean hums noncommittally. “Depends what it is.” His words are coy, cheeky—Castiel doesn’t have to look at him to be able to envision his smile.
The door is unlocked, just like it always has been, and Dean slips inside, closing it carefully behind himself. The fireplace lights itself with just a thought and a flick of his fingers, roaring to life after being dormant for so long and illuminating the cabin. The chairs, the tiny kitchen, the wash tub and the bed tucked away in the corner… Dean has been here so many times that he could have navigated it in the dark, but it feels more welcoming in the firelight.
Besides, everything’s fucked up, these days. He’s still trying to run from it—from the heavy inevitability of it all—but he has the creeping suspicion that soon, his time of running will be up.
The title makes Castiel tingle from his head to his toes, and he shouldn’t take as much pleasure from hearing Dean call him that as he does. “More it is, then,” he says, and divides the next ball.
His wings are battle-scarred and broken, his shoulders heavy with the weight of his grief. So many dead, so much lost, and he feels it all. He tips his face towards the darkened sky—towards his home, now unreachable, his feet moored to this earth.
He reaches out, turns his phone over so that the black screen is facing down on his nightstand, then flips over to the next page of his book and tries to focus on the words in front of him.
Once the last remnants of sleep have stopped clinging to Castiel’s bones, he insists on helping Dean cook, shutting him up with a kiss every time he suggests that Castiel sit back down. It’s not long before Dean realises what he’s up to, but merely accepts the kisses with a sigh of resignation and a smile.
There’s something in Dean’s eyes that is asking for a real answer, and something in Castiel’s mind that is demanding he give one.
Castiel just raises an eyebrow at him, giving him a look that quite clearly communicates his current
Dean steps back. It’s hard—he hadn’t realized how much the raven-man has disarmed him already—but he forces himself to put his walls back up.
“I’ve known I loved you for a while,” Castiel starts quietly, and even though his gaze is fixed on the box resting in his lap, he can feel Dean’s gaze on him, calming. “And so I got this—well,
what it is that he wants. He’s still not perfect at it, but he’s getting better, and that’s what matters.
She turns at the sound of the gunshot, and her eyes widen at the sight of them, both drenched by the sea and the rain, Castiel barefoot and Dean sporting a nasty bruise from where he was knocked out. Dean swivels to point the gun at her, and Castiel opens his mouth to tell her
, and he’s sick of trying to figure out exactly why he feels so flat, when he’s putting as much of himself as he can into trying to find happiness.
They sit in silence, Castiel taking drags from his cigarette until it’s almost gone. He offers a new one to the boy, who seems to consider it for a long moment before eventually shaking his head no.
“That would be fantastic, thank you,” he says, breathing a sigh of relief when Dean steps aside and motions him into his room. “Have you been here long? I don’t think I’ve seen you around before.”
Luckily, Cas just smiles. “I’ll keep that in mind,” he says, and is Dean imagining things, or did his voice drop a little lower?
And then—right as Dean’s heart is about to explode and he’s ready to go start digging himself a hole to climb into from sheer mortification—Cas smiles.
The man is also standing up, half-stepping so that he’s in front of Castiel and preventing him from making the escape that is all he can think about right now. For a second, Castiel considers his options—shove past him? Verbally lay into him for his fucking audacity? Hell, he even half-considers throwing a punch.
lose his mind. He stills Dean’s movements with a hand on his hip, forcing a desperate sound from Dean’s chest, and guides them both further down the bed until he’s able to lay flat on the mattress. From here, he can plant his feet on the bed and fuck Dean properly, and from the moans that immediately begin falling from Dean’s lips, he’s made the right choice.
It occurs to Castiel in this moment that he knows barely anything about Dean. All their conversations have been about
“That’s not what I said.” Castiel’s voice is quiet, but as he stares out at the rain, he knows it’s something he needs to get off his chest. “I just said that I’d never had a girlfriend, Dean. I’ve been kissed before, just not by…”
“It’s perfect,” he murmurs. “You’ve done an incredible job.” For a few more moments, he simply stares at it, before he looks up to meet Dean’s eyes once more.
home, but it makes his chest ache with every moment he spends here. Last summer had been the best summer of his life, and it had all been because of Dean. Now it just feels as though all those memories and emotions, allowed to fade after so many months away, are being dredged up once more.
Getting the rest of their clothes off is harried and fumbling, both of them too eager to get past the necessary hurdle. As soon as the last garment hits the floor, they’re back on each other, Dean’s mouth hot against his bare skin as he rolls them over and presses Castiel back into the mattress.
He gets to sit side by side with Cas in libraries, or at the table in the bunker, their elbows brushing as they work. He gets to lean his head against Cas’s shoulder when he’s bored or tired, lets Cas calm him down with gentle touches when he’s pissed off, watches Cas with what Sam has teasingly dubbed ‘heart eyes’ whenever he thinks Cas isn’t looking.
The man seems to light up, giving Castiel a wide smile. Green eyes sparkle even in the low light. “I’m Dean,” he says, as they make their way back to the vacated bar. “And as for a better pickup line… well, it worked, didn’t it?”
Castiel, sitting in his private booth towards the back of the bar, feels his own fingers itch with the compulsion to run his fingers through that very same hair.
It’s not hard to figure out who that is—the guy is collecting his satchel from the ground where it had fallen, brushing himself off, and then he straightens up and looks at Dean with impossibly blue eyes, and Dean swears his heart stops.
“For me, last week was really great. Like I’ve said before, I really like you, and I think I’m good for you. We work well together, and I’d love to see what would happen if we really gave this a shot. But I think we ended on a slightly different page, and because you’ve barely spoken to me all week, I don’t know where I stand with you.”
Dean turns to watch him go, then looks back at his painting. Takes in the mistakes, the weaknesses, the parts he’s unhappy with. He could stay here, agonizing over them for the rest of the night, or…
It’s fascinating talking to Dean and learning more about him, but as they finish their meal and set aside their empty plates, Castiel’s thoughts start to creep back in. Dean invited himself over for dinner for a reason—is he going to find out what it is now? Are they going to get into a… a
The horses are a little more sensitive—while they’ve grown used to carrying Castiel’s body, they still grow a little uneasy when he draws near, though they never directly react to any of his actions. He’s found that he’s able to calm them if he really focuses on it, but in the end it doesn’t do him much good.
He's not sure—he's never really been in love, after all. He's had crushes on people he's thought were pretty, but as the prince, he's never been allowed to get close enough to any eligible guy or girl to be able to develop any kind of romantic feelings.
With an Enochii battery hooked up to his engine, it feels like Dean is flying. He’s moving three times as fast as he was before, the streets of the city speeding past, and already he can see the end of the pack that had left him behind. It’ll be close, that’s for sure, but his gut tells him he’s still in with a chance. He joins the back of the pack just as they make the last sharp turn, and then it’s a mad dash down the final straight. Those behind him fire at him, those beside him try to jostle him out of the sky, but Dean evades them all effortlessly, and soon enough he’s nipping at the leader’s heels.
It’s nice to be able to ring in another year with someone to accompany him this time, instead of watching the fireworks by himself. It means a lot to Castiel that Dean is here.
“Alright, suit yourself.” Castiel adjusts his tie and rolls his neck out, sore from all the time he’s spent at a desk or in a meeting this week. Now’s his chance to relax for a bit, though.
It’s been hard to get excited about his work at the moment—Anna is awesome and working under her is a dream come true, but it’s still soured by Adler’s parting remarks. Inias wouldn’t understand, though, so Cas hasn’t told him about that part, just the promotion.
Cas frowns, seeming to snap out of whatever thought process or weird headspace he'd been in. "What do you mean? Breakfast won't be ready for another few hours, at least."
No, there is much more to Angel Motors than meets the eye. Many people have theories about it, and most stay away, knowing (wisely) that it is much safer just to speculate rather than going looking for trouble.
“Then I got home to a notice slipped under my door that the lease on my apartment is up, and they won’t be renewing it. They want me out so that they can scale up the rent, which is fucking bullshit. I mean, it was a bit of a shitty apartment, but it was
For just a second, he gets to slump against his counter and look out at the sanctuary—at the places where old growth forest brushes against the tall ceiling, where the water in the pond transitions into solid ice, even the few fire pits along the edge of the room where at least one of the dragons is curled up and taking a nap. The sanctuary has to accommodate any creature who comes here to be placed, after all, and so Dean makes sure that it’s welcoming.
Sam is already in the car, waiting for them, but as they get closer, Cas stumbles, almost falling. The
“Wouldn’t you, if you were trapped in the same spot with hardly anyone to talk to for over a hundred years?”
is how he’s going to react every time he takes a step further. Because while Dean is here, and while they’re in the moment, he feels fine, but the closer they get to Dean leaving, the more turbulent his thoughts get.
“Hello, Sam.” Cas broke the kiss but kept them in an embrace. “Thank you for the assistance, I believe our plan was successful.”
“I believe the scent of burning marshmallows is the more typical scent around fires on a weekend at a cabin.” Dean nodded, his eyes following Castiel as he walked back inside the cabin. His face lit up as Castiel returned, opening a bag to show marshmallows, chocolate bars and graham crackers. “This activity came highly recommended.”
Dean opened his mouth wider to object because he didn’t fuss but Cas continued, “I’m learning what I enjoy out of life as a human, but understand that since the moment I touched your soul in hell that no matter what way I could be in your life, I would take it. However I can have you, I will.”
“Dean, are you alright?” Cas sounded concerned and urgent, like he was ready to rush out the door and fight an army for him, which made Dean swallow around a painful feeling in his throat.
“Apparently I have vacation hours I need to “use or lose” which seems deeply unfair. Many of my coworkers use vacation time to visit family and friends…I’d like to visit you.” Dean’s hand tightened around the phone.
“We could share the bed, Dean, it wouldn’t be the first time.” Castiel didn’t see a reason to have Dean sleep on what looked to be a lumpy sofa older than Aaron’s grandfather when the bed appeared wide enough for both of them.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel looked him over. Dean looked tired. He had been on a hunt in New Jersey this week and he was moving stiffly as though he had been hurt. Castiel often missed his grace, but never more than when seeing an injury he could no longer heal.
“As I understand anniversaries are important, I’d like to note our next anniversary will be five years and the typical gift is items made of wood.” Dean suppressed a dirty comment, but then thought better of it, looking over at Cas gleefully, who was already smiling and dryly commented “Yes, I understand wood can also be a term for an erection, I believe I would like to not wait for our anniversary for that present.”
“Yeah…I um. I wasn’t sure but good.” Dean didn’t make eye contact but moved his bag into the bedroom. “All good.”
“I handle receiving inventory, the popcorn bags are a similar weight.” Castiel explained. Dean whistled and gave him a thumbs up, handling his shoulders with admiration. Among the things Castiel didn’t talk about with Dean was that Dean was attracted to men but rarely acted on that attraction. He was never sure when Dean expressed admiration for his physical form if that was an expression of sexual attraction or not. He thought about the frequent assumptions that Dean was his boyfriend. However, as Dean had been uninterested in the past, he didn’t follow up on that line of questioning.
Sam spent the week leading up to the visit tiptoeing around Dean, who would roll his eyes and insist it wasn’t a big deal. The day before Cas, Charlie and Kevin were due to arrive, Sam spent the entire day watching Dean carefully, like he was afraid to make sudden movements or Dean would bolt. Eventually Dean went for a beer run just to get away from the Sam weirdness.
Months passed passed along with one werewolf, two ghosts, and a vampire’s nest. Dean tried not to think of what Cas was doing, if he was warm enough. When it snowed he worried about Cas walking home from work so late, if his shoes were up for icy roads. When a massive blizzard was forecast, he made it all the way to the garage and sat in Baby to drive over there before talking himself out of it. He wondered if Cas was getting by with groceries from the corner store, if he missed the granola mix brand he liked that Dean used to get for him on their monthly trips.
‘Of course.’ Another long pause. ‘It’s late and I don’t want to keep you. Thank you for texting. It was good to talk to you.’
“Ooh what’s the movie?” Dean peered at the film stock, placing a hand on Castiel’s back to brace himself as he leaned closely to the reel.
‘Hello, Dean. It’s good to hear from you. I’ve wanted to talk to you, but I didn’t want to press.’ He hadn’t told Sam or Charlie this bit, but Cas had actually called and texted a lot that first week after the trip to the cabin. He’d left messages that Dean couldn’t bring himself to hear so he erased them without listening. He’d done the same with the texts too, carefully making his eyes swim over the words without absorbing them.
Castiel continued to pet Dean. “I’m don’t understand the cultural reference, but happy six months to you as well.”
Dean pulled the pillow over his face. Charlie waited a few beats and continued the conversation with a more serious tone. “Honestly, I think he would have known, y’know. If he had dated anyone before. From what you told me, at least, you were a great boyfriend. I mean I have been involved in three different situations where guys decided to relationship me without actually talking to me about it, and they all were just way shittier about it.”
Castiel was weighing questioning further, or letting Dean continue to touch him, when Dean sat up, stretched, and began digging into his bag. As further kissing seemed not in his immediate future, Castiel also sat up and cleared his throat. “Dean, I apologize, but we’ve been together for far longer than six months. Is there an additional way of measuring time I’m missing?”
“It’s my choice. I can listen to any music at work while the movie plays while I rarely drive long distances with you any more. This makes me happy.” Castiel looked over at him and smiled. Dean gripped the wheel tighter.
“He’s not…I wasn’t planning on inviting him.” Castiel responded, continuing to reassemble the popcorn machine for the next morning’s shift.
“Oh, buddy, humans upgraded a while back, anything without all the bells and whistles is probably going to make the fish around here laugh.” Dean was grinning, apparently not disappointed in Castiel’s inept planning. Dean dropped his head down to his pillow, now only a few inches from Castiel’s face, with an apprehensive expression. “I did have one idea. But it’s totally ok if you’re not into it.”
Dean had buried a lot over the years, grief and anger and revenge, not to mention people. He could bury this.
Aimee looked puzzled by his choice, but moved on, and began talking about the road trips she went on in her childhood.
Castiel thought on this on his walk home down a dark and empty street. He understood Dean’s insistence on visiting to be connected to an apology for asking Castiel to leave the bunker. He knew Dean would feel uncomfortable if Castiel voiced his actual forgiveness, he would reject it. Instead, he would sublimate his guilt into actions rather than voicing an apology. He got home, opening his freezer and deciding on the frozen taquitos that Dean had insisted he buy for his late night dinner. Castiel decided that perhaps inviting Dean on the trip would be an action of forgiveness more easily accepted than words. He tapped out a message to Dean inviting him to meet him at the lake cabin as Aaron’s uncle had offered Castiel a ride.
“That’s great, it’s really great to see you guys made up.” Sam sounded enthused and smug. Sam scooped up Cas’s bag from where Cas had dropped it before hugging Dean. Dean frowned and grabbed the bag back from Sam. He was still planning on being a gentleman type boyfriend, that meant helping with bags. Sam smirked and rolled his eyes.
“I’d like to kiss you, Dean.” His lips were hovering, close to Dean’s, his eyes shifting between staring at his mouth and looking into his eyes. “A physical relationship is not necessary between us however I believe it would be quite enjoyable if you’re interested.”
“Fuck. I love you.” He mumbled into Cas’s shoulder. Cas’s fingers curled into the small of Dean’s back. They stood like that for a while, Dean half trying to keep himself from crying. Slowly, Cas dropped his arms from Dean’s back, but then raised them again to the lapels of Dean’s coat.
Castiel woke up the next morning, groggy. Dean was already awake, and watching him. “Morning, sunshine! It still blows my mind that you snore.” Dean told him. He sounded pleased that he knew this information.
“There’s Twizzlers as well. My coworkers had quite an argument and I wasn’t sure if all humans felt as intensely about licorice.” Castiel had procured one of each kind of favorite road trip snack his coworkers had recommended. “It’s for the drive. I believe we can also eat them once we’re at the cabin, however the intent is for them to be eaten while driving.”
Dean cleared his throat and withdrew his arm and Castiel realized that while he was processing his thoughts, he had been staring ahead and frowning slightly, which may not have been the best way to prolong their interaction. He thought through how romantic tension was conveyed in movies, trailing fingers as objects are passed, finding small excuses to touch someone, staring into their eyes. He pressed his arm against Dean’s and stared into his eyes.
‘Good night, Dean.’ Cas sent a Cat emoji. Dean waved, feeling silly but knowing no one would see him waving goodnight at the emoji. He repeated out loud. “Good night, Cas. Sleep well.”
They stopped at the cat litter section, Castiel liked to purchase a large quantity of it to donate to the local shelter where Trish worked during the day. He picked up the large bags two at a time and placed them on the base of the cart, his shoulders shifting with the effort.
“You know that tension right before you kiss? When you know you both want to kiss but you haven’t talked about it or done anything about it yet and you’re trying to figure out who is going to move first?” She smiled softly around the words. Castiel thought about when he had kissed Meg, but it had happened so quickly that feeling didn’t seem analogous. But he nodded anyway, he often did that about what sounded to be common human experiences.
Dean was going through a break up. He was sad, and the break up might be weirder than most because of the two people involved only one of them had known about the relationship, but this week he was allowing himself to grieve because grieving it made it feel more like it counted as something real.
Dean flipped onto his back. “Look, I’m not mad. Shit. I just assumed we’d celebrate. I know it’s kind of high school but it’s not like I know what the fuck I’m doing.” He reached across himself to awkwardly pat Castiel’s shoulder. “And it’s still been an awesome trip, so thank you. I’ll communicate better next time and align expectations. Communication is important.” He enunciated the last part as though he was reading it out of a book he had studied carefully.
“I’m good, I just-I’m going to play you the song, ok?” He heard Cas’s exhale, relaxing back into the couch. He put the phone down near the speaker, and restarted the song. He laid down on his side, facing the stereo. Cas was silent, listening. The song ended and he raised the phone back up.
This fic was my first attempt at writing something longer than one scene! I decided I’ll need one my chapter to close out Cas POV
“It’s ok if you’re not up for this, Cas. You know I’m good with your boundaries and stuff. Like just say the word and I will back off, no pressure at all, ok?” His words were confusing, but Castiel was still unsure if this would be solved by coffee or not. He continued stroking Dean’s cheek, carefully petting the scruff of his morning stubble downwards. Dean’s eyes opened and met his own intently “And the whole six month thing, it’s not a deadline or anything. I like what we have.”
A human vacation. He spent his current days off visiting the animal shelter, going for walks, reading books. He thought about Dean’s dream he’d visited once, fishing on a lake. It had seemed pleasant. He obtained Aaron’s uncle’s contact information and made arrangements to spend three days in a small cabin perched on a small lake. He’d assured the owner a lack of internet would not be a problem.
Something eased in his chest a bit, having this tentative friendship with Cas restored. He turned off his bedside lamp and laid back into bed and fell into a better sleep than he’d had in months.
Dean’s hands stilled over folding a shirt. “He’s a good guy. I-Just tell him I’m good. I’m A-OK.” Sam nodded, clearly not believing him but still walking on enough eggshells to not press the matter.
“Hell, Cas, you can pick music you like, you know. Like anything at all, no hold barred here, I bet Sam left some whiny indie stuff even.”
It’s not the smoothest line he’s ever used, but his brain is a little too overwhelmed to come up with anything that’s not short, sweet and to the point.
He winks, and Castiel feels his stomach curdle. It’s all he can do to give a shaky nod and hurry out of the office before he throws up on Adler’s shoes.
The moonlight doesn’t give him much to go on, shadows shifting in silver and black streaks with the gentle sway of the trees, but he casts his eyes around regardless, trying to pinpoint the source of the sound. When that doesn’t work, he turns his face towards the breeze and scents the air.
And then Novak's mouth is on his, and all his anger and thoughts, both rational and irrational, fly out of the fucking window, because
Moving his mind away from Dean, he set his eyes upon the kid, seeing the relief and the happiness that echoed his own features. Jack was here, he was alive and he was good. He held immeasurable power, could probably kill them all with a flick of his wrist, could destroy the world without lifting a finger, but he didn't want to, liking this world and the people in it. He wanted to help people, he wanted to save people, just like the Winchesters and it made Castiel so proud of him for that.
Deep down, he knew otherwise. There was no way Cas was going to come back, there was no way to get him back because they didn't know how he died. He didn't know what caused this. He heaved a sigh as Sam dropped his eyes to the floor. He didn't know either.
As much as he tried he couldn't push the thoughts out of his mind. His brother was still glued to the laptop, so Dean slowly shifted off his bed and moved his way to the bathroom. He needed privacy, Sam was sure to pick up on any changes to his mood instantly and he couldn't have that. After locking the bathroom door, he sat on the toilet, letting out a heavy breath. The images of what he'd wanted to do at the diner were still very vivid in his mind. Heat spread through him and he gulped a lungful of air. He shifted uncomfortably on the seat and swallowed past the lump. This wasn't normal. This was as far from normal as anybody could get. What the hell had started this off? He'd never thought like this before. Was it because he now knew how Cas felt? Was he suddenly starting to see Cas in a different way?
Sam spoke first coming to stand opposite Dean. “We think that she's in an abandoned warehouse, not too far from here.”
“For what?” He tried to keep the shake out of his voice, but was unsuccessful. He could feel the rage building inside him, could feel that at any given moment he could lose control.
Cas narrowed his eyes in confusion and for a moment he forgot how he'd hurt Cas, how he hated himself. The movement of his head tilt was so familiar, so welcoming. But Cas took a step forward, and it all came rushing back, making him panic. “Let me heal you, Dean.”
Castiel frowned. Things were awkward now between him and Dean. He didn't know if he would be okay with that. He wanted his friend back. He wanted to be comfortable around him again. A small part of him wished that they'd never kissed, that they'd never admitted that there was something more than friendship between them. But a larger part, revelled in the memory of both kisses, the heat and lust and groans.
“What is?” He tried to match the gentle tone Cas had used, but was unsure if he managed it. The blood was ringing in his ears, his heart was pounding, his mouth was dry and his palms became sweaty. He was nervous. Nervous of what Cas was going to say next. Nervous that Cas was going to leave and not come back. He didn't know if he could deal with another loss.
Dean felt his heart lift at those words. He wasn't pulling away, he wasn't changing his mind. He pointed to the night stand, and Cas immediately reached over to it. For a moment the only sound was Cas searching through the draw, but Dean could have sworn he could his own heart beating. Was he really going to do this? Before a few weeks ago, he'd never even entertained the idea of having sex with another man. Now here he was opening his legs for not just any man, but his best friend. Before the panic started to settle in, Cas was back, lube in hand. Dean closed his eyes. He could do this. He could definitely do this. A cold sensation pricked at his hole and Dean snapped his eyes back open. There was a small pressure there and Dean knew it was Cas's finger. Dean sucked in a sharp breath.
The bathroom door sounded and as quick as he could he wiped the tears away with his hand. Sam stopped dead in his tracks as he caught the sight of his brother, worry and confusion on his face.
The shivers were prominent coming from Cas and Dean knew he was struggling to stay still. A few seconds later, he placed his head back onto the seat and wriggled his hips, testing the waters. The pleasure shot through him, making him sigh and earning a groan from Cas.
Cas didn't have a chance to respond before Dean was jumping out of the car, slamming the door shut. Cas sighed as he watched Dean move across to the motel door and disappeared inside. He glanced at Sam in the back seat. He wouldn't wake up for a while. The need to go to Dean became overwhelming. He needed answers. He needed to know where he stood. Where they stood.
He stood on shaky legs, silently praying that neither of the two men saw him sway slightly. As quickly as he could, he darted towards the bathroom, slamming it behind him and locking the bolt in place. Slowly he backed up until his legs caught the toilet. Finally, his legs gave out and he slumped onto the seat. Sighing, he ran a shaky hand through his hair. Cas didn't think of him that way. Whatever he had seen in Cas's eyes, he was wrong. He had to be.
The thought of grabbing his bottle of whisky from his bedroom filled his mind. He couldn't go there. He couldn't drown his sorrows with booze, not this time. He had to show Cas he was serious, he had to show that he really wanted this, really wanted him, had to show him that he was really going to try.
All he cared about was doing what he's wanted to do since leaving two weeks ago. He leant forward and pressed his lips to Dean's.
So he did what was expected of him. He lifted Cas's limp body, carried it inside the house. The body was heavy in his arms, grunting, inhaling the scent that was just so Cas. The tears have long stopped now, but he could feel them burning at the back of his throat. He needed to grieve for his friend, his angel, his love. He couldn't. Not now. Sam needed him. The world needed him. A part of him wanted to scream a big 'Fuck You' at the world. For once couldn't he just think about himself? That has never been his way though and it never will be. Gently, he placed Cas onto the dining room table, hesitating for only a moment. Leaving him down there on his own didn't sit well with him, but it had to be done. Sam had been gone for too long and everything was too quiet. He rushed from the room in search of his brother.
He pushed his chair back, standing. Slowly and cautiously, he manoeuvred his way around the table till he was standing next to Cas. He kept his distance, needing to give the angel a chance to move closer or back away. Cas didn't move. “Is this a conversation I'm going to need a drink for?”
I am really, really sorry for the long wait. I was ill for like a week and then I couldn't get my head back into writing, then life got really hectic really fast and I couldn't find time to edit... I am so very sorry. I hope you can all forgive me.
Sam appeared at his side. He hadn't slept. He hadn't eaten. Too worried about his brother. He was worried too. His heart jolted in his chest. What if Dean died? What if all this waiting was just a way to torment him? To punish him? To punish all of them? No, this was his fault and only his fault. The Winchesters didn't need to be punished. They were good, brave and kind.
“Dean, its okay. I need to hear this. Tell me.” He tried to reassure him. He did need to hear this, but at the same time he was dreading what he would hear. Dreaded the pain that was sure to follow.
Dean kept his walls up, needing to protect himself. Deep in his gut he could feel just how this was going to go, he could feel how badly this conversion was going to go. He could hear Cas walking behind him, following him blindly into the darkened building. The only light was what poured through the windows from the street lamps outside. There were boxes littered across the large open space. Rusted machinery dotted around the room. Cobwebs connected from corner to corner, on the roof, on the machines, on the boxes. Settled dust was thick across all surfaces which made Dean automatically let out small cough.
Dean eyed him carefully. He knew this plan was the only one they had without going in there blind and he knew Cas had a point. He sucked in a steadying breath, then nodded. “Okay. But you check in every half hour.”
A few minuets later and the burning dulled to an ache. Dean rose up till the cock's tip was just inside his hole, and then he sunk back down, filling himself back up. The pleasure overtook the burn and he groaned, so did Cas.
Cas froze, his eyes catching his. The look there completely took Dean's breath away, and not in a good way. His chest started to ache at the panic he saw written upon Cas's features. “Dean?” He knew what Cas was asking. He knew what Cas needed to hear.
A sharp intake of breath from behind. Dean turned slowly. Cas's eyes were wide with shock, burning right through him. Dean pressed himself back into his bedroom door. “What?” Cas asked, barely daring to hope. Not wanting to put himself out there, not like he has before.
Fidgeting slightly in his seat, he gripped the steering wheel tighter and felt the urge to break the tension between them. “How are you doing, Cas?”
Cas dips his head and mutters an 'I know.' at the floor. He knew. He heard him. Dean knew this. But hearing it made it real. Cas had been purposefully ignoring him. Should he tell him? Tell him how feels?
“I can't, Dean. Not yet. I'm...” Cas dropped his eyes to his chest, his smile dropping again and a frown marring his forehead. Dean understood. He needed to be sure Dean wasn't going to run again before they go there again.
“I will do anything for you Dean, anything. But I won't do that. You can't… you can't ask me to pretend that these feelings don't exist, not any more. I've tried so hard to keep it all hidden. I really have. But I can't… not any more.” He turned to leave. He gathered his discarded clothes and without putting them on he made his way to the bunker's exit. Dean wasn't going to stop him from leaving and Castiel was totally okay with that. Those words were free and now he felt lighter somehow, like a huge burden had been lifted. Dean didn't love him and he could live with that, as much as it hurt, but Dean knew now, he knew that he would do pretty much anything for him. He stopped halfway up the steps and glanced at the hunter, who was stood watching with a shocked expression upon his features. “We're still friends, Dean. I will always be there for you. Just don't ever forget that someone does love you. I will always love you.”
“Yes. It meant everything to me.” It was barely a whisper, a whisper that was so full of pain and anguish, but Dean chose to ignore it. This wasn't about Cas and his pain, it was about Dean's.
A huge part of him didn't want to leave, didn't want to loose this, but another part needed to go, needed to make sure the angels were okay. Why didn't Dean understand his urgency on the matter? Anger started to replace the hurt and sadness. He was always bending over backwards to accommodate Dean's needs. Why couldn't Dean offer him the same curtsey? He voluntarily hardened his own eyes, allowing Dean to know he wasn't okay with this. Dean's own eyes widened slightly at the change, but quickly went back to glaring.
The head of Cas's heated erection pushed past the ring of muscles, the pain was instant and Dean somehow managed to force himself to stay absolutely still. Cas pushed his legs further up so that they were almost touching his chest, trying to get better access and still Dean couldn't bring himself to open his eyes or to breath.
“It's not okay, Cas. He's not our keeper.” Dean's eyes never wavered from his brother and Castiel gulped, knowing what was going to come next. The brothers were going to exchange blows, whether that be physically or verbally, that's what was going to happen. “I've tried to tell you over and over again, Sam. The only thing that will make me better is him. We need to have this talk, prolonging it isn't going to help. I need… we both need to know where we stand. If we're to go…” Dean gulped and his face grew sad. “If we're to go our separate ways, then the sooner I know the better.”
He turned from him then, regret filling him. He shouldn't have said that, he knew that, but there was no going back. He was too busy wallowing in his own self pity that he missed the whispered reply. He turned sharply, eyes narrowing. “What?”
He rounded the corner of the building, glancing over his shoulder to ensure nobody could see. He took in a steadying breath and prayed like he had never prayed before. He begged, pleaded with Chuck to just this once give him this one wish. He'd done everything for this world, sacrificed everything and never once had he asked for anything in return. But now he was asking, begging him to just have this one good thing back.
He barged through the doors, the panic swelling through his entire being. Where was he? He slowed his pace, angel blade drawn. He couldn't hear his brother, so he assumed he'd gone with the original plan. His kept his footstep slow and silent, and he glanced around every corner, every doorway. Finally he came to a large room. The doors were wide open and inside he could see Naomi and four angels. He watched as one of the men moved, angel blade in hand. Dean's eyes caught sight of Cas, dangling from the ceiling. His heart stopped at the sight of him. Blood pouring from random cuts across his face. His grace shone through a stab wound in his side. His head was slumped on his chest and sweat dripped from his hair to the floor. He could tell Cas was still breathing. That was a good sign. It took everything Dean had not to run to him. He couldn't do that, couldn't risk it. If he did that then he was sure to die and then where would Cas be?
He couldn't. He couldn't leave. He didn't want to. He took in a lungful of air and wiped his tears away. “You're right.” He watched as Dean's face fell slightly, but then he recovered quickly. It was just a flash, but he saw it and he knew Dean didn't really want him to leave. “I'm not happy just sitting here. It hurts to know that this is my fault and… I should have been able to stop him. I have this itch inside of me and it won't settle until I scratch it. I need to go after him and it hurts that I can't do that.”
Slowly he turned his head back round to face Cas. The other man was staring at him so intensely Dean got lost in the depths of his eyes. He needed contact, needed to touch, to taste. Instead he folded his arms across his chest, a defensive move, a move that said he was trying to protect himself, but it was also so he couldn't be tempted to reach out and hold the angel tightly. He didn't know what was going through his mind, he didn't know if Cas had changed his mind about them. If that was the case, he couldn't step over that line. He had to be careful with him.
Cas pushed him backwards, letting go of his fist. Dean felt the panic spark inside of him. Cas was furious. “You don't get to decide that, Dean.”
“Why are you bothered? None of this matters to you.” He knew he was treading on dangerous ground, but he needed to get a rise out of him, needed to get him to slip up and the best way to do that was to dredge up those feelings.
drop. It’s where you get anxious or depressed after dominating someone. Subs can get it too, after a scene. It’s, uh, it’s much more common.”
They make easy conversation as he works, talking about Castiel’s job, his hobbies, his years at college. Dean’s little brother is studying law at Stanford right now, and his face lights up every time he talks about him, like he’s so proud that he can’t possibly contain it. It’s sweet and endearing, and he’s also becoming more certain that Dean is flirting with him from the way he smiles and winks and comments on what Castiel is saying.
He can’t help but smile, grinning when Cas mirrors it. “Hey, I was! Granted, I spent some time defending the woods from attractive alphas last night,” he points out with a smirk, delighting in the way that Cas’s scent shifts with his words, “but I do have some intel that I think will be of interest to you and the generals,
“How did—“ he starts, and then cuts himself off, because he doesn’t want to offend Dean, but the artist just shrugs, and there’s a small smile on his lips.
There’s a spark in Dean’s eye that suggests he knows exactly what Castiel is up to, and is more than happy to go along with it. “Now that you mention it,” he muses, sliding his tongue out over his bottom lip to wet it, “I am awful thirsty. I could do with some water—or whatever you’ve got lying around your office.”
The man standing in front of his counter is tall and handsome, an amused half-smile curling his lips and a pair of dark glasses perched on his nose. God, this is why Castiel needs to try not to get so focused on his work—so he’s not inadvertently rude to customers who just so happen to be
“What do you think I did?” he asks quietly. “I met you, Dean, when you were younger. We talked. Your mother—“
“Here, it’s okay,” Castiel tells him, shifting so that he can slide his hands under Dean’s shoulders and carefully help him up into a sitting position. From everything that Castiel knows about him, Dean isn’t one to ask for help lightly, but there’s no denying that right now, he needs it.
His heart and his magic feel as though they’re about to burst free from his body, and they’re spinning, so closely that Dean can feel the raven’s breath against his cheek—
The raven laughs and gives a tiny shrug of his shoulders. “So I’ve been told,” he says. “I would have thought that it was obvious that you would rather be anywhere but here. You’ve been standing by yourself almost the whole time—you haven’t even had a dance.”
Now, Andy turns, looking Castiel up and down in a quick once-over that he doesn’t bother to disguise. His eyes narrow slightly, as though he’s thinking. Connecting dots. “Of course,” he says after a moment, and his smile reappears as he returns his focus to Dean. “Right this way.”
inside of Dean, who can’t help the moan that escapes him as Cas bottoms out and immediately sets a pace that threatens to make Dean’s toes curl. Holy
And, it seems, one of those bad decisions involves pulling Cas in by the tie and giving him a New Year’s kiss.
Dean can’t think, not when Cas is this close, with that fire in his eyes and a growl that makes Dean weak at the knees. He’s thought about kissing Cas so many times, and now they’re
It’s only when the wings start to loosen their hold on him just a little that Castiel lifts himself up onto his elbows and looks down at Dean where he’s lying beneath him, arms still wrapped tightly around Castiel’s torso. His eyes are closed, and for a second Castiel is terrified that he’s badly injured, but those fears wash away when the corner of Dean’s mouth ticks up and he gives his head a tiny shake.
Because as Castiel rockets towards the stars… he knows that he’s leaving a piece of his heart behind on Earth.
The moment of silence stretches out between them, neither of them knowing how to make the first move, until Castiel reaches for the door and closes it between them.
There’s pain in Dean’s voice, when he talks about Sam, but also a kind of numbness. As though he’s long since locked away the part of him that mourns a relationship that is just a ghost of what it once was.
They’re walking across the grounds, side by side. The silence that hangs between them is still comfortable, but a little too heavy for Castiel’s liking. All he can hear is the
It would be so easy to leave. To bow out, and avoid, and let that one glimpse eat him up for years to come. But he knows Naomi Novak, and he knows that if she’s here, it’s for a reason, and just leaving the dinner tonight may not be enough to keep her away from him for good. She’ll keep pushing at his boundaries and the walls he’s so carefully erected around himself until she gets what she wants, and showing weakness tonight will not help him escape that.
Castiel reads it, then rereads it, until the sun has disappeared below the horizon and he can no longer make out the words in the darkness.
And then the cool, cocky façade is back. “You don’t want them?” the guy echoes. “So you’re saying I should just… let them go. Release them back out into the community to keep committing crimes, until you can finally track them down again using all your
He’s only been teaching himself for the last few days, following along with videos on the YouTube, but he already sounds wonderful. Watching Dean play, head bowed and hands moving over the guitar…
This time, the reception area is empty, and Castiel can hear the faint sound of voices coming from the back rooms. It’s more than fine by him—the more time he can spend without having to talk to anyone, the better. He can be in and out, and then forget all about Dean Winchester.
Paint adorns the walls, bright colours and spots of gold decorating every available space. Along the walls are chests and shelves full of precious metals, gems, incense, any offerings that would have pleased the god, and stand as evidence that this temple has not been touched since the fall of its people, hundreds of years ago. In the centre of the room are four trees that have long since grown out of hand, roots cracking the floor around their squares of dirt and branches stretching up, untamed, towards the high ceiling.
The sapling has only managed to grow an inch or so when Castiel feels the touch of a hand on his shoulder. He only just manages to refrain from jumping—being able to be touched so regularly is still something that he’s getting used to, but it’s a surprise that is more than welcome.
“Thank you,” they both say, giving the greeters a grateful smile so that they know their service is appreciated, and then Castiel retakes Dean’s hand. He needs it to steady himself, and the warmth of Dean’s palm helps to keep him grounded as they make their way along the carpet to the ballroom.
Spencer gives him an unimpressed look and holds out his hand. When Dean places a handful of cash into it, he quickly tucks it away.
Everything he feels about C, all laid out on the pages before him. His soul, flayed open and laid bare.
, and so he pulls off the trench coat and neatly folds it, placing it on a clear bench area where it won’t get in the way of Dean’s work.
Dean is standing in the kitchen, now dressed in a shirt that he’s kept unbuttoned down to his sternum as he puts the finishing touches on two plates of eggs and bacon. The suspenders he’s wearing frame his shoulders perfectly, and Castiel’s resolve almost crumbles right then and there.
They never seemed worth it. What was the point of learning all these fancy long words that his father never used anyway? King John solved the kingdom's problems with battles, not with politics and boring letters, and young Dean had already decided that that would be how
Like clockwork, Castiel's timer starts going off somewhere beneath his counter. He slaps a hand to his apron where it usually sits, then looks back up at Dean, his eyes narrowed. "My spoons
Castiel raises one eyebrow, the curve of a smile playing at the edge of his lips, and Dean laughs, poking him in the side with his foot.
The silence that follows his statement is sharp and deafening. Naomi’s glare has turned to ice, and Adler’s mouth has fallen open.
Making their romantic debut tonight had been a decision that both of them had made together, but it’s still more than a little daunting when Castiel can feel the pressure of the public eye already descending upon them. He’ll be okay, though. Especially with Dean by his side.
They move awkwardly around each other as Dean steps over the threshold, trading shy smiles as they get used to sharing space again. Dean is clearly paying attention to something else as he pulls off his boots, however, and when he turns back to Castiel, there’s a glint of something in his eyes. “Dinner smells awesome, Cas. Do you have dessert?”
“I’m coming,” Castiel mutters, barely holding back his smile. He sits down at the table opposite Dean and sets his plate down, then picks his burger up. It smells divine, but he pauses before tasting it to watch Dean taste his first bite, anticipation thrumming under his skin. He’s not sure why—it’s just a burger, after all—but the please sound that Dean makes as he bites into the meal they made
in his eyes. Even with the lines of his magic-created mask obscuring his face, they’re still so expressive.
Cas lifts one of his wings a little, and there’s a look in his eyes that is amused and inviting but with an undercurrent of
, Castiel thinks, and he gives no response. He may not have a choice about being partnered—the Men of Letters are powerful, and do not like being defied—but he isn’t about to feign enthusiasm just to please them.
Castiel sits on the bench and stares at the space he disappeared from, still trying to wrap his head around everything. He’s still sitting in exactly the same spot when Dean finds him some thirty minutes later.
Cas kisses him again, swallowing the choked-out pleas and needy whimpers, hands roaming over his skin. He fits his hand against the handprint on Dean’s shoulder, and for a second it burns white-hot—and then pleasure crashes over Dean like a wave, stronger and more intoxicating than he’s ever felt before.
Castiel pauses by the window, looks over his shoulder at Dean. He looks so at ease in Castiel’s kitchen, barefoot and leaning one hip against the counter while he sips his coffee, that he can’t help but smile. “Is it? It’s just all the things I like, I suppose. I like to feel comfortable in my space.” He glances up at the Devil’s Ivy that’s hanging by the window frame. “Why, what’s your home like?”
A figure steps out of the tear between worlds. A figure who’s tall, tanned, wide eyes bluer than the daytime sky and hair just as wild as Dean remembers. He still looks transient, though, more than a little transparent. As though he’s here, but
as much as Dean is, because there’s very little hesitation in his movements as he shifts his weight and presses forward, sinking into Dean in one smooth thrust.
Only now does Castiel notice how incredibly heavy he feels, as though his body is weighed down, pulled into the mattress. He smiles, soft and genuine enough that it relaxes some of the lines on Dean’s forehead. “Me too,” he agrees gently. “We should sleep. Whatever tomorrow is going to bring, we should face it fully rested.”
They kiss until the sun has dipped below the horizon and their dinner has been well and truly forgotten, and only once the pure elation has subsided somewhat do they manage to separate once more. “I always thought that I’d say that with some grand gesture,” Castiel says quietly. “That I’d take you out for dinner, or to an art gallery, or something equally fancy like that. But…” He snorts, and gestures vaguely to their kitchen. “I guess here will do. I just couldn’t hold it in any longer.”
. It’s easy to forget how quiet he can be when he blinks in, especially since most people can’t ever hear him anyway.
the one who’s supposed to be in charge, isn’t he? But… it’s kind of nice to have Dean push back a little bit. This dynamic between them is two-sided—it’s not simply Castiel making demands of Dean. Besides, without the small dashes of attitude, Dean wouldn’t be the man Cas had been instantly captivated by the moment they’d met.
After, they move back to the couch, the TV playing in the background while they kiss. Cas is propped up over Dean, and Dean wishes they didn’t have to be so careful. He gets why Cas is treating him like he’s breakable (because right now, he kinda is), and so for now, he tries not to think about it.
The air inside smells of mildew and disuse, and Castiel wrinkles his nose as he quietly pushes the door open. The ground inside is littered with dirt and debris, and all the light disappears as the door closes behind him. Castiel turns on his flashlight, tightens his grip on the handle of his knife, and presses forward into the heart of the building.
By the time their food is finished, Castiel has a reasonably comprehensive list of things that Dean likes, and to his honest surprise, none of it is what he thought it would be. There are orders, yes, but it seems that Dean enjoys them,
There’s a grateful twinge in Castiel’s chest, and he turns to look at Dean properly. “I know,” he says, then takes a deep breath and sighs it out again. “Okay. Let’s do this.”
“Not good people at all,” Castiel breathes, heaving a sigh of relief and letting his head fall back against the wall. “I can’t believe I did that. I—I actually stood up to her. That was insane.”
There’s a tongue licking over his hole, teasing across his rim, and any remaining brain cells that Dean might have had left all collectively shut down.
Dean reaches for the shampoo bottle, and Castiel takes it from him without thinking, letting his instincts take over. He wants to care for Dean, wants to make him feel
Dean is coming over for dinner? When he’d made this call, he’d expected that it would end up in some kind of…
Dean did indeed leave him some hot water, and Castiel makes sure to enjoy the few minutes of solitude and warmth. He gets the feeling that today is going to be a long, challenging day, and that day is going to properly begin once he walks back out that bathroom door.
For now, Dean is more than comfortable staying up on Impala. He feels safer up here, and he can see what's coming much more easily than if her were on the ground. Eventually, though, Uriel comes over and asks him to dismount. When Dean's boots hit the ground, Uriel gives him a onceover that shows he's less than pleased with Dean's travelled-in clothes, but honestly, Dean couldn't give less of a fuck.
Which is why Castiel holds his head high, looks the man in the eye, and says, loud enough for it to carry over the space between them:
Adler just shrugs dismissively. “Castiel said he wasn’t feeling well, and wanted him to come. He’s just a submissive, albeit not a very good one.”
It takes a moment for Dean to process this, but when it clicks into place in his mind, he sucks in a sharp breath. This is…
There’s blood at the entrance of the barn, bright crimson that leads away into the fields. At this point, Dean isn’t holding out much hope for the poor sucker who accidentally wandered into a vampire nest, but at least he’ll be able to get the jump on the vamps while they’re feeding.
It all happens in a matter of seconds. Dean has done this hundreds of times, and yet the adrenaline still carries him through. He barely thinks about his actions, just focuses on the centre of the knight’s shield as they gallop towards each other.
that’s not here, he receives a trickle of letters from different colleges around the country. Some have rejected him, and he’s perfectly okay with that, because it’ll only take one acceptance letter for him to have an excuse to leave.
, it hurts,” he groans on a harsh exhale, then chuckles tightly. “Guess I’m lucky that dude was a shitty shot, huh?”
“Not at all, detective. You’re very good at your job—I’m sure you would have caught these two the night we met, if you hadn’t forgotten to check your six. No, I brought them here tonight as a…” he shrugs his shoulders thoughtfully, then leans forward, elbows resting on his thighs. “As a gift. A gesture of goodwill. I don’t like having someone as handsome as you hate me quite this much, Novak.”
But then it’s gone, and he’s giving Castiel a reassuring smile. “I know it’s a lot. But really, anything you need from me, just let me know. Okay?”
As soon as Cas had confessed that he’d never actually been ice skating before, despite admiring the sport for a long time, Dean had wasted no time in getting him down here. It’s the ultimate romantic date just before Christmas, and not that Dean will ever admit it to anyone, but the sap in him can’t wait to spend tonight on the ice with Cas. Whether it’s full of fumbling, or whether he gets to watch Cas nail ice skating and be unfairly hot while doing so, it’s going to be perfect.
“Welcome back,” it gloats with a smirk. “We were hoping to find the angel, but we’ll settle for you instead.”
The corner of Cas’s lips lifts in a smirk—he can clearly gauge Dean’s pleasure from his reaction and the shift in his scent. Lit by the moon and with his teeth slightly bared, he looks wild, and so stunning that it takes Dean’s breath away.
Is that offensive to say to a god’s face? If he’s going down, he’s going out with a bang, that’s for sure.
“You and your father and brother drove up here in that car you drive now,” he recalls quietly, thinking back to that day. “You were holding your brother, and your mother… she was with the two of you. Talking to you, comforting you. And then… you saw me. No living person had ever been able to see me before—no one else has since.”
still the morning, everything soft and drowsy and needy—and Dean’s groan when he realizes what Cas is doing is heavenly.
Cas is the Head Boy, the one predicted to score straight Os on all his NEWTs, the one who's basically a shoe-in for a good position at the Ministry, should he want it.
He spends hours poring over textbooks, studying for weeks until finally he can read the stupid lines. It’s a big victory, but now that he’s got a grasp on the language… He has to confront the even bigger challenge.
Cas’s thumb stills against Dean’s leg, and this moment, so vulnerable and fragile… He can’t figure out if it’s a turning point, or a tipping point, or both. But it’s
Dean nods solemnly, so grown up for such a young child, while the woman looks back towards Castiel. “Thank you,” she says quietly. “Do you mind… do you mind if I stay a little bit longer? I don’t think I’m ready to say goodbye just yet.”
The darkest parts of the city of Da-jiirde-mæ, out past the climate dome and where not even the Feds will extend the arm of the intergalactic law, are where the racers reign.
“Of course.” The words come without hesitation, but he doesn’t turn to face Castiel. Just keeps looking down.
Anna leans forward, her eyes wide. “I didn’t realize you had a tattoo! Is that how you met? That’s so sweet,” she says when Castiel nods.
Dean has just finished making his dough when Castiel comes past. From what Dean's been able to hear, when he's not busy focusing on making his own video, is that the pasta is almost done, and then Novak is tied up in meetings all throughout lunchtime. Dean, meanwhile, is concentrating on not deflating his dough as he puts it into the container to rise, and therefore
subbing, with the right person and doing the right things. It’ll be the same for you. Some stuff won’t work for you, but some stuff will make you feel really good, and doing it with compatible people will make it even better. There’s absolutely no shame in that. If you’re into it, and I’m into it, and we’re both enjoying it… that’s what matters. I know you’ve got years of mental shit to break, but you’re on the right track, Cas. And no matter what’s going on in your head, I’m here for you.”
This time, Dean’s smile is wider. When he takes the berry from Castiel’s fingers, he’s no less careful, but this time his tongue swirls teasingly around Cas’s fingertips before he takes the berry and pulls away.
The last day that he and Cas are stuck together, the last day that Dean has to spend every fucking minute looking at Cas, listening to Cas, achingly aware that Cas is always just another room over. Being in love with him had been slightly more bearable when they’d had work, or classes, or been catching up with other friends, but it’s so much harder when it’s just the two of them.
Cooked breakfasts are usually reserved for weekends, but he’s not quite sure what Dean would like out of his selection of toast and cereal. So, instead, Castiel makes sure he’s gotten the coffee started, and then waits for Dean to emerge once more.
Castiel exhales the breath he’d been holding on a laugh and smiles—Dean isn’t going to reject him. “I thought I would, yes. It’s taken me long enough to realize that all our viewers who’ve been ‘shipping’ us,” he says, quirking his fingers in air quotes, “might have a point. I… I really like you, Dean.”
He pushes back the covers and rolls out of bed, and despite Castiel’s resolve to wait to examine his thoughts until after they’ve retrieved the amulet… the sight of Dean, naked and beautiful in the cool morning air, weakens his willpower just a little. He swallows thickly, and makes sure to avert his eyes until Dean has left the bedroom and he can hear the sound of the shower running through the thin walls.
…Until he gets home from work one evening to find a single feather lying on the ground in front of his door.
It’s too much. “I have to go,” Castiel whispers, and the last thing he sees before he disappears is the downturn of Dean’s lips, and a deep, heartbreaking sadness in those stunningly green eyes.
The faint smile becomes something more solid, and the guy nods his head. “I can do that.” He turns away and reaches for one of the bottles on the shelf above his head. Dean works with a lot of pretty, attractive people for a living, but none of them even come close to this man who has captivated Dean in a single moment, with his tattoos and his sex-hair and the quiet, confident way he holds himself.
Not wanting to waste any time before the wardens arrive at his cell and find that it can’t be unlocked, Cas clambers over the stones from the wall and hits the button for the ship’s hatch to open. For the first time in six months, he’s going to be
, Dean. You and Sam have been making me wait for long enough, I want to finally see what you two have been planning.”
His feet lead him to a bunker—old, looming, moderately overgrown and with not a living creature in sight.
Another bus, this time taking him from Kansas City to Salina, and then from Salina to Belleville. He’s close, so close he can taste it. What is it that he’s been searching for, all this time? Is it the key to unlocking his memories, his identity?
“I’m not asking for a bond, Your Highness,” the man says, his voice quiet. There’s a hint of a smile in it, but also just the tiniest tinge of sadness. “Just a dance. What are the chances we’ll even be compatible?” His voice wavers a little as he says that, and he clears his throat. “There’s no harm in just having one dance—and then you can go back to the castle, and your parents will be happy, and you won’t have to put up with anyone else trying to talk to you just because you’re the prince.”
Castiel watches fondly as Dean picks through Castiel’s meagre selection of records, eventually selecting one and sliding it into place. The sounds of music spiral through the air as the record begins to spin, and while it’s nowhere near as upbeat or electrifying as the music they’d heard at the speakeasy, Dean still holds his hand out towards Castiel.
“What I am is beyond your comprehension, but the true answer you seek is this: my purpose is to judge the souls that have passed on.” He twists his fingers, and a silver sphere appears in the palm of his hand. In a single roll of his wrist, the sphere rests on the back of Castiel’s fingers, which he curls one by one until the silver sphere balances perfectly on the middle knuckle of his index finger.
“You’re leaving?” he asks, as though that isn’t clear, but he’d been foolishly hoping that this day wouldn’t come. That Dean Winchester could continue to be his.
"Aww, you watch my show," Dean replies, with the faintest touch of irritated sarcasm. "That's so sweet, I'm flattered."
Castiel ignores that—he can’t let himself focus on that right now, not when he has Dean in front of him with a bullet wound through his shoulder, and a moral dilemma resting heavily on his shoulders.
It’s impossible to miss the interest that curls through the alpha’s scent like smoke, thick and irresistible. Dean swallows and presses down harder on the man’s shoulders to distract himself.
With his back against the ground, Dean is able to identify at least five different ways he’d be able to break out of this hold… but he doesn’t use any of them. Instead, he just grins up at Cas, smiling the same smile that has brought entire courts to their knees in the name of Eden and the king.
shade of blue amongst dark, magical feathers. The song grows, and Dean’s magic crests beneath his skin, tingling at his fingertips and flickering like lightning throughout his body.
It might have something to do with new motivation and the fact that Dean often kisses him with gratitude whenever any of these instances occur, but hey. Whatever works.
Rationally, he knows that he should be needing to eat, or to sleep, or to do any number of the myriad things that he sees people around him doing. But he doesn’t. He just keeps walking, keeps following that pull.
Once Dean had stopped hunting, everything had become… more clear. It’d taken some time to figure out what he wanted—and to figure out who he
Dean runs his fingers through his hair, then sighs, as though the weight of the world is on his shoulders. “So I followed up all the leads I thought could be related to the clue, but… honestly, I’ve come up short. And every day that I’m wasting is another day that the amulet could be used for destructive purposes, so here I am.” He gives Castiel a helpless look and shrugs his shoulders. “I need your help again.”
, until the corner of Cas’s lips curves up into a tiny smile, and he slits one eye open. “Were you planning to just stand there all day?” he asks, his voice a low rumble that barely carries across to Dean in the still air.
Dean helps Castiel up with a hand on his elbow until he’s standing upright, then quickly checks over his gun. “I managed to take out a few guards, so there shouldn’t be many left. Stay behind me, alright?”
Dean snorts. “I hope so too, for both of our sakes. C’mon, go shower, I’ll make breakfast, and then we can go track down this amulet.”
He’s been holding out to see his boyfriend, but when Cas comes in, there’s a frown on his face that Dean immediately wants gone.
Cas is fine with that—even leans into the hands, just to feel them. He’s never been with someone who likes to touch his hair like Dean does, but then again, a lot of the things he’s doing with Dean are things he’s never done before.
His gaze slides past Castiel and up, to the clear night sky. “Don’t the stars look nice tonight, Cas?” he asks quietly, and there’s such an earnestness to his expression that Castiel feels himself sigh, like a whole-body tension being released.
For those who are interested in what I'll be writing next, I've set up a quick lil quiz to gauge interest in which of my fic ideas people would like to see me tackle next. Have your say
“Hold on, Cas!” Dean shouts as he pushes the boat faster and faster until it’s leaping over the waves. Castiel is incredibly glad that he doesn’t get seasick as he braces his feet against the opposite side of the boat and tries to wrap his fingers around whatever seems to be the most stable object.
They listen to the music and the radio hosts as the clock slowly winds down. Dean seems to be enjoying his beers, and Castiel wishes he could drink, not for the first time, but amuses himself vicariously through Dean’s happiness anyway. He gets looser and more chatty when he drinks, and Castiel finds himself moving closer, taking advantage of the moments that Dean is distracted or his mind is elsewhere to just
When Dean Winchester steps onto the red carpet of the Grammys, every single eye turns his way. There’s a collective chorus of
There’s no way he can ever convey just how grateful he is to Dean for everything that he’s done, but…
"I didn't realise you knew so much about my schedule," he jokes, trying to smooth his own ruffled feathers. Just because Cas knows he was out there doesn't mean that he knows
She says it well-meaningly, but Castiel’s shoulders still tense up, and it’s only because she’s his boss that he just barely manages to rein in a snappy response. Instead, he mutters, “Thanks,” and keeps a death-grip on his pen until he hears her footsteps recede down the hallway.
The first thing he does is scrub at it until it’s spotlessly clean, then stash it back up in its spot in the cupboard. Out of sight, out of mind. Breakfast is a bowl of cereal, quick and easy and not something that requires ingredients or actual cooking skill. He’s not really feeling up to that this morning.
“DEAN.” Castiel said this urgently now. He pulled back and looked into Dean’s face. He thought through the possibilities, that Castiel had been possessed at some point and seduced Dean, that Dean was possessed, that Castiel had misunderstood one of any of their interactions. He counted back six months. “Dean, that night I spent at your hotel. That was the night?”
As they stood over the burning grave, Dean laughed slightly. “I imagined us around a fire, Cas, I wasn’t expecting it to smell like hair.”
“Steve, your boyfriend is here.” Aaron called out. He was carefully sorting marquis letters in the lobby, spelling out the words of next week’s show to ensure he had enough prepared.
Castiel knew Dean was attracted to male bodies, although he didn’t talk about that attraction as he often did regarding attraction to women. He also knew Dean was likely attracted to the male body Castiel had been inhabiting for the majority of the time Dean had been in his life, but his past attempts to initiate a physical relationship had been unsuccessful. He thought about tension and what Aimee had said, that she almost liked the tension before the first kiss more than the kiss itself. He hadn’t quite understood what she had meant but standing by the fire, he recognized the feeling and their circumstances as ones he had felt many times with Dean. He wondered if Dean also liked the tension more than the kiss, that perhaps Castiel had not understood that in the past as something Dean enjoyed about their relationship.
“Counting from the whole gripping me tight and raising me from perdition or me stabbing you in a barn?” Dean smiled over at him.
‘I am guessing Mellow Yellow is a drug reference but Hurdy Gurdy is a sex thing, right?’ He smiled at his phone lighting back up immediately.
“Shit, Cas.” Dean felt his face crumpling. Cas pulled him into a hug. “I um. Shit. I love. Yeah.” He gripped Cas with his arms, holding on like he was drowning.
“Hello, Dean. I’m ready to take a break, but I need to work late tonight to screen the print before tomorrow’s shows.” Castiel explained, pulling on his sweater.
“Oh. I mean I figured since he’s always visiting you, right? Wasn’t sure if you went to where he lives ever, how far away is he?” Castiel didn’t respond, the silence lengthened and grew awkward enough that Aaron didn’t press for a response and began wiping down the candy counter. Humans often reacted to silence that way, Castiel found it a useful way to end conversations.
“Goodnight, Dean.” Castiel said this quieter than he often spoke in recognition of the closeness of Dean’s ears. Dean’s pupils widened slightly as Castiel pressed the back of his fingers slightly against the back of his head, almost pulling him closer. Then Castiel dropped the pressure and took his hand down. He laid back onto the bed. Dean stayed in the same position for quite awhile, while Castiel drifted off to sleep.
“Holding your soul in my hands was deeply intimate.” Cas explained. They walked in and continued talking, Dean pulling him to his room to show off the record player. It felt comfortable, a mix between the friendship of before and the murky dating era. He didn’t know what he was doing, but neither did Cas. Figuring out how to be in a relationship couldn’t be harder than an apocalypse, and with Cas at his side his odds were pretty damn good.
“So you’ve been here all this time?” Dean asks after a little while, after they’ve watched a sparrow come down and browse through the overturned soil on Castiel’s grave before flying away again. “You’ve never crossed over?”
They end up clean and warm and soft, and Dean leans against Castiel as they finally make their way out of the shower with water-pruned skin. He’s so tactile that it makes Castiel’s heart sing—Castiel, who has spent so many years of his life without being touched like this and is only now discovering just how wonderful it can be. If Dean isn’t in contact with him in some way, then he’s close enough for Cas to simply reach out and touch, and it’s so freeing to be able to do just that.
“Thank you,” he says, his voice cracking. He clears his throat, forces his fingers to uncurl. “You, um. You said something about this being common?”
“Welcome, Dean,” he says, gesturing to the empty chair opposite him. “I suppose you’ve come to ask for Anna’s hand in marriage?”
curious about this man. He’s never met an alpha who could match him in a fight quite as well as this one can, and he’s certainly never met
And then Dean’s gloved hands are on his face, holding him steady even as he crouches down beside the chair, concern in those green eyes. “Cas,” he says, and then again, more forcefully. “
Dean has been hurt so many times in his life. He’s been kicked, punched, stabbed, thrown through walls. He’s watched his family and his friends die, and he’s spent forty long years in hell.
Sam has his own tent, since he vehemently refuses to share one with Dean and Castiel, which suits Dean just fine. It does mean, however, that Sam
Sam’s beard has gotten longer and longer, and he looks so despondent, each time he visits. It must be so hard, losing your mother and brother and having a father so incredibly estranged that he didn’t even come to his own son’s funeral. Anything Castiel can do to help Sam, he’s more than happy to give it a try.
The purpose of the matching ball is to find that familiar. It is for witches to select the person they connect most strongly with, who makes their magic resonate like no other. It is, in theory, an excellent idea for bringing together eligible young witches and familiars to try and create the best and most successful bonds.
He still makes sure to block his powers as he gets out of bed himself, pulling on his shirt and underwear from last night and wandering out to the kitchen while he waits for Dean to finish up in the shower. It’s not hard to scavenge the things he needs for coffee from around Dean’s kitchen, and by the time Dean emerges from the bathroom, freshly showered, Castiel has a full mug set aside on the counter, and is sipping slowly from his own.
The tension draws out between them like a tendril of spun thread. Dean moves closer to Castiel’s side, one hand coming up to rest lightly on Cas’s back—a grounding touch. Ruby watches them, then looks across at Anna, and it’s a few seconds before she finally softens. “Sorry, honey,” she says quietly, murmured against Anna’s ear but just loud enough for Castiel to hear, before she turns back to them.
In the push and pull of it, the storm uncoiling between them and turning the air to electricity, one of them knocks over the easel. Cas trips over it, and they both go down, Dean’s shoulder crunching through canvas and wood. “You motherfucker,” Cas hisses, biting at Dean’s jaw as he pins him down amongst the wet paint and the scattering of art supplies that had either gone down with the easel or been strewn across the floor since the beginning.
Dean just shrugs, pushing his hands into the pockets of his trousers. “Not much. A few people told me about some guy named Alastair, but it seems like he just does for-hire work. He’s the brawn, not the brains. I’ll let the Men of Letters know to check him out some more, but for now, he’s not our target.”
"This is stupid," Dean protest, but his tutor hushes him, sliding a piece of paper across the desk until it sits in front of him.
She carefully retakes her seat, clearly making an effort to rein herself in. “You have two choices here, Castiel. You can apologise for this disrespectful outburst, accept your promotion, retain the job you have always wanted, and keep the Novak family name intact. Or… you can walk away, and Zachariah and I will ensure that you are never able to find work in another museum again.”
, the thrill of it never wears off. They keep track of their victories at home, too, and this one will be another notch on Cas’s list.
, “I just wanted to congratulate you. And as you both know, we will be holding our annual Christmas event for select members of the staff in a few weeks’ time. You’ll be pleased to hear that I’m extending an official invitation to you both.”
When he finally put words to it, he’d wanted it to be dramatic, and grand, and worthy of the sheer magnitude of everything that Dean makes him feel.
“Benny, this is Cas,” Dean says, and Benny’s eyes are still fixed on Castiel, sizing him up. Cas doesn’t let himself be cowed—just stares right back. “Cas, Benny.”
The boy laughs, and it’s quiet, but still lights him up from the inside in a way that threatens to steal Cas’s breath away, his green eyes shining despite the bruise. “No wonder you don’t want to go to her classes. I’m glad that I probably won’t be sticking around long enough to end up with her teaching me.”
Castiel remembers what Dean had told him about dropping. How it could happen to subs and Doms alike. He’d ignored Dean all day yesterday, when Dean had just wanted to help. Pushed him away like he didn’t matter.
For a moment, they just look at each other, and then something in Dean’s expression shifts, a serious look in his eyes. “Hey, Cas?” He ventures, his voice quiet in amongst the sounds of the city. “What was that you said before—in your prayers. You… you care for me?”
wearing a tie, since tonight is a fancy event, and has a nice coat draped over his arm for once they find themselves out in the cold, but ‘formal’ has never really been Dean’s forte. He puts his own spin on it, and Castiel is glad that he’s foregone keeping his sleeves long just so they can both see that bracelet.
When he finally manages to start packing, it's haphazard, throwing whatever he can find into a saddle pack. Spare clothes, a book or two...
“Not gonna give me a kiss?” There’s a grin on Dean’s face as he points up to where a sprig of mistletoe has been taped to the doorframe.
Castiel allows himself a pleased smile, then rises up onto his knees once more. His hands smooth over Dean’s thighs, and his lips follow, adorning his skin with kisses and grazes of teeth. He moves upwards, until he’s almost at Dean’s cock, then continues to kiss and tease over the V of his hips until Dean is almost shaking with the self-restraint it takes to keep still.
Inside the shed, things are not so straightforward. There are tools and bits of machinery everywhere, some of it stacked so precariously that Dean edges around it instead of trying to interact with it. Thankfully (from what he remembers of helping Bobby run his farm in the summers), most of the things that he needs to successfully grow his crops and tend to the land seem to be here.
The pad thai tastes incredible, and Castiel devours it while idly watching whatever happens to be on TV—right now it seems to be a documentary about some tattoo shop in Los Angeles, and even though Castiel has never really thought that much about tattoos before, he has to admit that the pieces of artwork he sees being created are quite beautiful. Once he’s finished all of his takeout, he pulls his laptop into his lap—usually after dinner he’ll brush up on recent journal articles that take his fancy, or catch up on the news, or just browse YouTube if he’s feeling particularly lazy.
Suddenly, Castiel realises just how leaden his limbs feel. He can barely keep his eyes open. “Sleep,” he decides, rubbing his hands over his face and trying to stifle his yawn.
Castiel snaps out of his thoughts and turns in the direction of the voice, silently cursing himself for allowing his mind to drift once again, despite how hard he’s trying to stay on task.
Dean can only watch, mesmerized, as he scoops a handful of ice into a glass, spins the bottle casually against his palm, then uncaps it and pours out a few fingers of whiskey. The golden ambience of the bar lighting illuminates the liquid and haloes the beautiful man, and it takes all of Dean’s willpower not to blurt out an invitation back to his hotel right in that moment.
Dean pauses, and lets himself think about that. Castiel must be able to see it in his eyes, because he hums quietly.
“Oh, I—of course,” Castiel says, edging over a little on the wooden step where he’s sitting to make room for the handsome boy who, out of everyone in this crowd, picked out Castiel.
Everything quiets as the king stands in the royal box, but Dean pays little attention to his speech—it’s something that he’s heard many times before, after all, and he’d much rather focus on the competition and the opponent he’s about to face.
“Vegetables, mostly.” Dean waves his hands noncommittally. “Hoping to get some livestock soon, but I kinda need to make a bit more money first. It was nice of Bobby to leave me his farm, but it’s a bit of a piece of shit at the moment.” He can’t help but chuckle and shake his head. “But hey. It may be a piece of shit, but it’s my piece of shit.”
, the grace and fluidity of his movements is undeniably Edenish. There’s no way an opposing spy could learn the style so convincingly, and it makes him feel much more confident that the alpha he’s fighting isn’t just pretending to be from Eden.
That question seems to sober Dean a little. “We heard word of an amulet that was being shipped here from Europe.” His previously playful expression is gone; he’s all business now. “It’s been said that the amulet allows whoever holds it to control the tides—which, considering we’re currently in a city that’s only a few feet above sea level, could have pretty devastating consequences if whoever is after it gets their hands on it.”
The water sluices over his back, the rhythm of it perfect for his aching muscles, and he lets out a soft sound as he presses his forehead against Castiel’s.
The flowers and grass have been trimmed and cared for, but that’s not what draws Castiel’s eye the most. No, it’s the party hat balanced on top of his gravestone, the banner across it that says
“What happened?” he asks quietly, once they’re situated with their backs against the pine tree. Dean was careful to sit with his good side facing Castiel, hiding the awful bruising, but they’re still both well aware of its existence.
He reads the definition over and over, every time it comes up, letting it sit within him. He turns it over in his mind, trying to figure out if it’s right for him. Technically, he knows he doesn’t need to label how he feels, but he wants to try and understand himself in human terms. That’s what he is now, after all.
. Castiel barely suppresses a snort. “You’re welcome to take a nap if you’re truly tapped out on watching, Dean. I’m sure I’ll be able to handle things on my own here.”
By the time they peel away from the crowd and make their way back to the Impala, Castiel can still feel the residual energy of the crowd lingering within him.
“Please don’t,” he mutters under his breath as he watches, too tired at this point to micromanage unless something
Not that he ever will. Dean has his life to live, after all. He’ll find a nice girl, settle down, get married, and all of it while Castiel is stuck here. In the same place, at the same age, with the same inescapable loneliness that he’s felt for so long.
So despite all the things about Cas that drive Dean crazy in a bad way, he stays for the things that drive him crazy in a
“Shall we?” he breathes into the space between them, and Dean is already powerless to do anything but nod.
Castiel takes a sharp step back as the man’s bleary gaze focuses on him. The guy squints, his nose crinkling, and in that moment before the realisation kicks in, he’s truly beautiful.
He leaves with the card burning a hole in his wallet once more. With Dean’s words on a loop in his mind, sleep takes a long time to come that night.
Dean had been staring at him, lips parted and hands paused in their movements—but he seems to snap back to himself as Castiel finishes talking. He grins, and reaches out to cup his hands around the sides of the zebra cactus in front of him, as though covering its nonexistent ears. “Don’t worry,” he says, “I won’t tell.”
to do something for himself that he can barely remember what it feels like. His whole afterlife has become devoted to other people, by no intentions of his own.
He makes a shooing motion at Castiel with his free hand, and Castiel is only too happy to oblige. He takes his coffee with him, finishing off the dregs as he closes the bathroom door behind himself and sets the empty mug down beside the sink.
And so Dean eyes him warily, and with more than just a hint of confusion, then sits down at the offered stool. He watches as Castiel takes his own seat opposite him, and they stare at each other across the counter.
Castiel pauses in his typing and looks up at her, trying to gauge how much to say. He’s never been one to mix his work and personal lives too much (not that he has ever had much of a personal life), but he likes Anna, and she obviously likes him enough to notice the change in him and comment on it.
Novak always keeps a stash of at least three spoons in the pocket of his apron, and has many times cited them as his most useful and beloved of all his kitchen items. He loves the things, and so naturally, they’re what Dean is going to mess with. It's not the most productive use of his time, but at least it'll make him feel better and hopefully make for some good video content if it gets filmed.
Castiel takes his seat and pulls the paper towards him with his fingertips, suddenly nervous again. What if he hates it? What if Dean isn’t as talented as his social media had made him seem? His heart is in his throat as he lets himself look at the design for the first time.
He stands there for another minute, caught in the indecision of youth and inexperience, then slowly backs out of the hay shed and closes the door behind him.
Until Dean wakes one cold morning to an empty bed and a trail of footprints leading towards the forest.
Dean’s jaw works. His gaze slides away, as though he can’t quite get the words out. Castiel’s heart thuds in his chest, and he holds his breath.
“Fuck,” Cas groans, rubbing a heavy hand over his face and shutting his eyes again against the too-bright light. Drunk Cas had made some stupid decisions last night, regarding his alcohol intake.
“They killed him.” Dean whispers, cracked and lost. “They’re…h-humans. They’re people.” He folds in on himself, dropping to his knees. He’s starts to cry, hands to his face and heedless of the blood that bathes him red, his voice rising to a desperate shout. “They’re
Dean’s smile falters at the odd response, and he's immediately made to regret it as the man’s own expression falls; eyes cast down and to the side as he quickly withdraws from Dean’s grip. Dean hovers as the man nervously fumbles for his napkin and silverware, desperately wanting to salvage the situation but unsure how.
And then, all at once, something in Dean’s expression cracks, softens and melts, like a revelation. The relief blooms in Castiel like something living.
“Please. Please know that I don’t expect anything from you, don’t expect anything to come from me telling you this. I would never try to push you into something you don’t want or aren’t ready for but I— I wanted you to know.”
Sure, Dean can put on a fake name and a fake smile and spin a story with the best of them, but that’s just a means to an end; he’s not used to hiding from the people who
“Interesting,” he says, voice dragging heavy across the accented vowels, husky and rough as a storm at sea. His eyes cut to Castiel, a slight smile slowly curving at his lips. “Full marks for drama, I’ll give you that.”
“Aloha,” the man returns, poker face absolute, and Dean instantly breaks, barks a laugh sure to be heard straight back to the kitchen.
The pen digs in deeper on his thigh, a low ache. Dean plasters on his best smile. “Sorry, Mrs. Tavel,” fuck, fuck, or was it Trahan? “I didn’t catch the question.”
Cas flinches but doesn’t turn, head ducking further and he doesn’t speak. Officially freaked the fuck out, Dean is three steps into the wide bare room in the space of a blink because what if he’s hurt, what if one of the wards fucked his mojo, what if—
“Sure did,” Gabriel smirks, sharp enough to cut. “Looks like I’m having a better time of it than you, though.” Gabriel makes a show of looking around, a derisive survey of the small space Castiel’s carved out to accommodate his small, inconsequential human life. He gives a low whistle. “And here I thought
Castiel half-rises as he sees her approach, but sinks back into his chair as she seats herself with a flustered, “Oh, hi, I’m so sorry, have you been waiting long?”
Castiel comes back to himself on the floor, on his knees, held up solely by his grip on the Trickster’s –
With a wordless cry of rage Dean takes a wild swing; sloppy in his anger, slow and off-balance and Castiel easily deflects the blow, catching Dean’s wrist and twisting him around to slam bodily to the wood surface of Castiel’s desk. Dean thrashes wildly beneath him; Castiel simply tightens his hold on the arm trapped between them, braces more weight to the hand at Dean’s shoulder to keep him pinned.
a fuckin’ nerd,” Dean counters, running his hands along the curved edge of the table, feeling out the short, rounded width of it. Dean’s knee knocks to Sam’s under the small, close space. “What the hell is this place?”
Castiel is already seated when Natalie arrives, looking quite nice in a black dress and deep green shawl, honey hair pulled into a neat over-the-shoulder braid that very much suits her pleasant features.
All-in-all it’s a charred, lopsided, soggy mess. But as Dean’s cackling calms to unattractive snorting and breathless giggles, Castiel feels a smile of his own steal across his face, one which he can’t seem to wipe away, and he can always, always be thankful for that.
. I don’t know about you, but I’m not looking to get picked up by Henriksen just because we stopped to book a room in the first city out.”
“No,” he announces to the empty room. “Nope. No way.” He turns and clatters his way down the stairs, robe flowing around his ankles and slippers slapping against the grating.
Gabriel eventually bellows a restless sigh. “Look,” he says, clunking his glass to the table with an air of finality. “You wanted to spare your damsel her distress, and I didn’t want my fave vacation spot blown out of business.” Gabriel slants Castiel a faux-stern glare. “But don’t go expecting a miracle a minute.”
Sam exhales on a choking sort of cough, as if Dean doesn’t know exactly what he sounds like trying to conceal a laugh. “You, uh,” he says, tellingly strained. “You sure you’d know the difference…?”
Cas lifts Dean’s hand to press a lush kiss at the base of Dean’s palm and, hot fan of breath, says, “A mouth not near as beautiful as yours.”
with a flourish and a scowl, the bell on the door announcing his presence to a seemingly empty shop, the front counter momentarily abandoned. The door slips shut behind him and Castiel hears the low hum of a tattoo gun somewhere in the back, the sound an instant balm to his frayed nerves. Castiel steps further into the shop, and a moment later the noise of the gun pauses.
And, I shit you not, this chick, cool as a cucumber, says, “I’ve got a bit and harness at mine, stud. You gonna let momma take you for a…ride??”
but it’s lost behind the girth of Dean’s fingers, and doubly covered by the frankly mortifying whimper that escapes as Castiel swallows around him. Cas sucks like a fucking pro and never once falters in the long and even pulls at his cock, but Dean can tell it’s building, that Cas is getting close; can see it in the restlessness of Cas’s hips and tightness at his eyes, apparent even around the tie.
Juan is sketching at the front counter, his back to the shop proper, when the merry jingle of the bell above the door alerts him to a new arrival.
They’re on the road, putting some distance between them and the latest salt’n’burn – a lakehouse poltergeist just north of Sheboygan – when Sam says, “Y’know, we’re only a couple hours from Chicago,” light and deliberately casual, like they haven’t been passing glaring green ‘Chicago 140/112/96’ mileage signs for the past hour. As if they hadn’t come within spitting distance of the city on the way up. Something in Dean clenches tight.
Castiel startles, turning to the presence at his side and Dean breaks out a grin, wholly unrepentant. Castiel internally curses the clamor of the running dryers for masking the hunter’s approach, though even that is no excuse for allowing himself to be snuck up on. Dean will tease for days.
Castiel, miraculously seeming to catch Dean’s drift without him having to spell it out, unbuckles the belt and pops the button at his waist before obediently setting his hands flat against his thighs, fingers faintly trembling.
Cas bursts in through the front entrance, eyes landing on Dean like a goddamn homing missile and looking nothing short of murderous.
. Deep, rolling chuckles; scrunched up nose and wide, gummy smile and fuck, shit, Dean is in so much fucking trouble.
“I believe…you would not lie to me. Not on this. And I believe what I see. I can follow the patterns that seem to guide you well enough, and…those storms… It’s beyond reasoning.”
But there’s something prickling at Sam’s awareness, some outside noise or inconsistency in routine that eventually leads to Sam blinking away sleep and hazy, half-forgotten dreams of golden retrievers and rainbow suspenders.
Cas’s chin ticks up, bringing him that much closer. “Use me, Dean,” he says, quiet and low. “However you’d like.” He smoothly drops to his knees, heedless of the hard, unforgiving concrete and dust putting grey streaks on his dark slacks. “I’m yours.”
Dean turns to walk the few blocks over to Bally’s, hunched deep into his jacket in an attempt to ward off the November chill. He’s got enough of his own money to spend a few hours outplaying the tourists and drunks at poker; rake in enough that Sam will buy into thinking he sunk most of Bela’s money in the slots or something equally casino cliché.
After that, it definitely becomes…a thing. Cas comes in, once a week, sometimes twice, sometimes alone, sometimes not, and does his ready best to wrong-foot Dean with his steady eyes and slow smiles and bone dry, off-balanced humor that never fails to leave Dean laughing, even days later. Dean, though,
Before he can get very far, though, Cas catches Dean’s face in his hands, holds his eyes for a long moment and, tender and slow, presses a kiss to the center of Dean’s forehead.
“He is…crass. And irreverent. Often equal parts enthusiasm and churlishness.” Castiel pauses, eyes in the middle distance and completely oblivious to his date’s expression; confused eyes and brows high in surprise. “He hurts, I think, under the weight of his responsibilities. Which are many. And Dean would never admit to it, of course, but he has such tremendous capacity for caring. Too much so, I fear.” A wry twist of lips. “He is perhaps the best man I’ve ever known.”
Dean cautiously slides over the paper. Cas stills, and for a long, breathless moment Dean is sure he’s overstepped; that Cas is going to run out the door, and this time not come back.
can,” Cas counters, and Dean’s breath catches even as he presses his forehead to the side of Castiel’s for the other to feel him shake his head in denial. Cas growls his frustration. “Why are you—? Dean,
The Trickster regards Castiel for a long, silent moment, expression completely unreadable for the first time Castiel’s seen. He lifts a hand, index and middle fingers outstretched.
“Wait,” Dean says, signs it too, but the man’s not looking. He digs out a handful of bills and coins from his pocket and slaps the lot of it to the counter. He ducks to retrieve his duffel and either doesn’t see or ignores Dean’s waving to get his attention.
In the end, Dean comes into his junior year of high school three weeks late and with a chip on his shoulder, stuck in another no-name school in another no-name town where nobody knows him from Adam.
“Hell no,” Dean snorts. He slides a hand to grip at Cas’s wrist, giving it an affectionate squeeze. “I’ve got you right where I want you.”
Dean looks up to see Cas staring right back, smile shining something fierce. Dean can’t help but dip his head, biting his lip against a grin of his own.
He hasn’t, and is slightly confused as to why she feels the need to apologize when she herself is at least five minutes early to their pre-arranged meeting time and has thus done nothing wrong. Human nature, he supposes, and offers his reassurance and greetings in turn as Natalie settles herself at the table.
he’s so fucking hard. But he ignores it all and teasingly deflects, “C’mon, Cas. If you don’t do it yourself, how are you ever gonna learn?”
to continue, “But sex doesn’t repulse me in any way, and I certainly enjoy being close to you.” He turns from Dean to lay his coat across the foot of Dean’s bed, fingers moving to his throat to deftly undo and discard his tie as well. He steps away from the bed, again standing directly before Dean.
Dean grins, wide and quick. “Pancakes?” he asks, and the man nods. Dean nods, too. “Sure, no problem,” he says and, turning his head towards the kitchen, hollers, “Need some pancakes!”
Dean abandons the cart and stomps over to grab Cas’s coat sleeve, a leash and reassurance at once. “What the hell, Cas?”
somehow covered by his crooked-as-shit navy tie, the quiet, tentative smile set below it and Dean just can’t freakin’ handle it; hides his face into Castiel’s shirt-covered shoulder as he laughs and laughs.
) what today would bring. Crowley splashes a generous serving into the single glass tumbler keeping the bottle company with brisk, if admirably steady, movements.
Dean steps back until his legs bump to one of the beds. Castiel, understanding the need for distance, tries not to let it sting.
as it is – is…interesting, if nothing else. Castiel, for one, would very much like to see the cumulation of the Father’s plans.
“Dean, listen to me,” Castiel urgently assures. “It was not my soul I sold, nor any other.” He steps forward, reaching a hand but stopping short of touch. Dean, though, meets him halfway, tangling his fingers into the sleeve at Castiel’s wrist in a desperate, tethering hold that sends his heart instantly aching.
“Goddamn,” Dean sighs and drops his head to the steering wheel, eyes closed and ready for sleep. Sam huffs in agreement and unfolds from beside him, exiting the car to move from the front and slide into the back, stretching out as much as his long legs allow.
The man’s head is down, a clear enough sign for Dean to leave the poor guy alone, but the proprietor in Dean prompts him to ask, “Hey, do you want some syrup?”
“Okay,” Cas says, and ducks his head to suck a mark high on Dean’s thigh. Dean’s whine turns to a ragged, belly-deep moan as the pads of two fingers slick directly across his hole. His hips kick up into the empty air, dick bobbing at his stomach and already drooling precome, making a mess. Cas’s free hand comes up to grip his side, thumb digging in at his hipbone, punishingly hard.
Castiel seems surprised at that, as if he hadn’t thought it out that far. Looking mildly confused, he frowns down at his chest and arms:
Cas glances over and their eyes catch. His lips tug on a smile, wide and quick and which Dean helplessly returns. Cas blindly gropes at the floor, comes up with a pair of boxers to wipe away the mess on his stomach before handing the cloth over for Dean to do the same.
Dean begins to build up another protest, only to be stopped short by Cas’s hand, landing heavy and hot on his thigh under the table. A startled glance up, and Cas catches his eye and holds, way too close and intense for having Sam sitting, like, right fucking there. Or, y’know, public in general.
They bicker straight through ordering their food, because Dean’s gone 32 years without so much as a passing thought to a pet fish, much less a whole goddamn dog. It’s been less than a month since Sam showed up on Dean’s doorstep with a food bowl and 30lb surprise, and already the thing thinks he’s rule of the roost; constantly underfoot and he
“Shut up,” the Trickster again interrupts, and promptly drops the hold at Castiel’s throat. Castiel sags to the wall, panting breaths, the previous pain in his head and shoulders inexplicably absent. “You have no idea who you are.”
it, the buttery sweetness of the pancakes and the enticing salt-and-fat scent of perfectly crisped bacon. Dean chokes down a sip of his third coffee, and his stomach roils.
Castiel flashes a smile, wide and gummy, before forcibly schooling his features. “Yes,” he says, serious and intent. “Physical activity, healthy living,” he casts a meaningful look around the farmers market, surrounded on all sides by home-made commodities and organic produce. “A truly laughable consideration.”
his soul is so important?” he continues, rapidly revising his tactics in light of this new information. “Lucifer will rise, and he will kill us all, human and demon alike. I want you to help me stop it.”
Dean continues to beam up at the man, grateful for the mutual understanding. “Just a coffee, thanks.”
“There,” the demon sighs, finally turning to face Castiel fully. His true face twists, keen and fiendishly pleased. “That’s better.”
Dean looks up sharply. “Come on, Sammy, don’t do that to yourself,” he says, attention now 100% on his lunch mate. “They always go vengeful, you know that.”
“Thank you,” the man replies, way too earnest for a $2 short stack and Dean feels something pull, low and tight in his throat.
Where is he? How long has he been here? Is Dean looking for him? All these question and more swirl round his mind as time wears on. His head is banging, his throat is dry and his stomach is rumbling. He can feel dried blood on the side of his head and figures that's probably why he has a headache. He tries to think straight, tries to think of a way out of this.
In his shattered mind, he wanted to follow, to pull Dean away and claim him his as his own. But he couldn't move. He couldn't breathe. His eyes stayed focused on where Dean and the girl had disappeared.
As much as he wanted to, as much as he tried, he just couldn't do it. He'd gone to a bar, tried to pick up a very beautiful woman, with long legs, blonde hair and very seductive eyes. God, he could have done it, before all of this, before he'd bared his soul, this would have been what he'd done. He wouldn't have thought twice about it. But as he gazed down at the girl in arms, all he could think about was the pain and the sorrow and those damn sexy blue eyes. He'd apologised to her, leaving her confused and alone, leaning against the side of the building. He didn't look back, didn't feel even remotely guilty. He knew he'd done the right thing in the end. Walking away was probably the best decision he'd made.
“Lets get outta here.” His voice was raspy, full of the arousal he was trying so desperately to bury and he rolled his eyes at himself.
All he can hear is the traffic on the highway in the distance. A door slams somewhere nearby and Cas is silent, watching him. The urge to send him a
His thoughts swirled around his head as his eyes roamed across his still face. Doubts plagued him. What if Dean runs again? How would he cope? He didn't think he could survive it. But Dean had said he was done running, had said he was positive with his decision. The only way he would know if Dean was uttering the truth would be for him to take a leap of faith. For an angel that should be relatively easy, it was anything but. He wanted to, he really did. He really wanted to give in and allow himself this little slice of happiness. His fears were holding him back. He couldn't go back to being broken hearted, he couldn't go back to feeling that pain.
Dean sighed. He just needed to go for it, he needed Cas to understand his side as well. “But I can't lose you.” His voice broke and he felt his cheeks grow hot from the flush he was sure was making its way across his skin. He heard Cas suck in a sharp breath of shock. “If they capture you… I don't think… I don't think I'd survive it, Cas.” He was practically begging him not to put him through this. He could feel his brother's eyes on him but he paid him no attention, his whole focus was on the way Cas softened his eyes, and the way he moved towards him, slowly and cautiously.
Dean’s only too happy to comply; sliding off Cas’s lap to flop back to the mattress, hands at his belt to strip his jeans and socks. He pauses, though, to see Cas stand and thumb open his ridiculous cargo pants. He reaches for one of the larger pockets before he drops them, digging in under its zippered flap to pull out and dump its contents to the bedside table: a deck of Bicycle playing cards, a black sharpie, a wooden rosary and, yep, a strip of condoms and a small bottle of lube.
It’s Sam who answers. “No, stay! Are we in your way?” The man shakes his head and – shit, Dean’s staring, isn’t he – finally breaks eye contact to move into the row.
Dean groans, long and loud as he slumps back in his seat. This again. “Yeah, okay, sure, and let him walk me straight into traffic? Are you insane?”
“Uh huh,” Dean says, slow. “I’ll, uh.” He swallows down a sudden rise of giddiness, and cautiously extends the latte out between them, hand effectively covering the message along its side. “I’ll show you mine if you show me yours.”
Dean only snorts, draining his bottle before signaling the bartender for another. Sam twists in his stool to fix Dean with imploring eyes. “
He makes it another two before he slows, stops, pauses to breathe. Four hours until the middle school lets out and Dean can even consider meeting Sammy for their walk back to the apartment, no matter that the high school technically runs a half hour longer than even that. Dean turns back to face the way he came, a familiar voice –
“Cas,” Dean whispers into the dark tousled strands. He drags a hand down Cas’s back to pull him in deeper, encouraging him faster. “Cas, c’mon. C’mon, please.” And Cas’s thrusts gradually pick up force and speed, inexorable, until Castiel’s gasps turn to moans turn to Dean’s name, chanted like a prayer.
“No, you don’t! I may spend my time wading through the world’s shit, but I don’t make a habit of dragging my friends in after me!”
Dean’s hand drops away to reveal a number of slightly crumpled bills. Castiel’s eyes slowly lift from the paper money to meet Dean’s own, and then Dean is laughing, laughing like he hasn’t since Famine, soul blooming bright and fond and Castiel doesn't know why. He wants to know why.
