Sam has all but washed his hands of the terrifying mission of raising a newborn since he never has actually interacted with a baby for more than five seconds. It’s fine, Dean knows that his brother still has high hopes when it comes to getting Mary back, and Dean isn’t interested in bursting his bubble: as long as Sam is occupied, he will leave him alone.
Cas seems to still for a moment, quiet. They’re in the same room and yet, he’s so far away that Dean feels like he’s losing him all over again, and he’s sick and tired of losing Cas, of mourning him, of holding whatever is left of him between his hands.
“Dean?” Bobby’s gruff voice answers, genuinely surprised. “Boy, what the hell? I haven’t heard from you in years! Do I look like a ditchable prom date to you?”
“Oh?” Dean raises an eyebrow, trying not to look too interested in whatever Cas has to say about that. “And that’s…?”
Under Cas’ annoyed glare, Dean lets out a chuckle. “Dean Winchester. Cas has told me a lot about you.”
. Cas sends him a silent, questioning glance, but Dean shrugs his concern away. His hands are shaking so hard that he isn’t able to open the car door. He doesn’t even notice that Cas is standing next to him until his fingers are wrapped around Dean’s wrist and he’s taking the car keys away from him.
for an answer. It didn’t help that John wasn’t picking up the phone either, or that he decided to end their hunting partnership via text message just weeks after Sam left for college.
Dean barely has time to throw a lamp at Michael when he jumps him, running to the door only to struggle with the lock. “Well, okay. Cas! Cas, it’s time!”
More kisses follow the first one, open-mouthed and sweet, clumsy with alcohol. They kiss and kiss until Cas opens the door and pulls Dean inside the room with him, then gently guides him to the bed. Dean lays down on it, flat on his back, with Cas on top of him, a thick thigh nudging his legs apart. He lets his husband unlace his pants and kick off his clothes, lets him do whatever he wants to him.
“Your brother,” Dean repeats, because that’s all he can do right now. Repeat things stupidly. “And you ran away.”
“When did you start hunting?” Dean whispers in the dark of their hotel room. They stopped bothering with their sleeping arrangements long ago and only rent rooms with a queen bed now. It’s officially cold enough to require more than two blankets, especially since Dean is always running cold.
“I’ve been told that before.” Dean smiles, bumping his shoulder with hers, watching as Claire stops huffing and starts to smile. She looks so much like Cas.
“Me too,” Anael’s voice comes muffled, her face pressed against Cas’ shoulder. “I’m not angry at you, Castiel.”
A weird, kind of fucked up fantasy where they did normal shit during the day and hunted monsters at night, but it was all Dean could have ever asked for after his own family was so quick to dump him.
When night falls, Dean starts choosing their weapons and getting their stuff ready, Cas puttering around the room as he does the same. He stops whatever he’s doing for a bit and rests a hand on Dean’s back, looking somewhat hesitant.
“I know,” Cas grunts. “But you were upset and I needed to cool down and-- I took an alternative path, so I could try to follow Michael. There’s a clearing, in the center of the forest, and he… he… Muriel--”
“That’s good. We’re going to need that for research,” Dean points out. “Also. Uhhh, I was checking out the joint today and I talked to a lady about, y’know. The disappearances.”
“I’m taking care of a two-month-old baby, Sam, what do you expect?” Dean snaps at him, not feeling guilty when Sam winces.
Cas blinks, looking surprised for a second, then stepping away. “Right, I’m sorry. My people skills are a little bit...” he fucking makes air quotes, what a colossal dork. “Rusty.”
Next thing Dean knows, the day is painted orange and red and he’s getting chillier despite the burn of alcohol running through his body. There’s nowhere else to be: Dean’s too drunk to hunt or drive, and it’s too late to go back to the motel and beg for the room he previously vacated.
Dean’s heart beat faster, and his pulse picked up as Cas continued to talk. "This is what's left, Dean, of my grace. Of my ability to help you and Sam. I'm fading so quickly, and when it's gone, I'll just... I'll be human. I don't regret what I'm doing, I only regret that I won't be able to do more"
, and this wonderful idea that here, in this valley, hid the last sons of God, waiting for our Father’s call to spread our wings, become angels and join him in eternal peace.”
“Mmm,” Dean hums, uncapping a bottle of water and soaking some gauze with it, slowly and carefully cleaning the wound. “This is going to need stitches.”
“Okay. Fine,” Dean grumbles, finally turning back to leave the entire shitfest behind. “My job here is done.”
“After that? You’re not the only one,” Cas snorts, but there’s no humor in it. He grabs Dean’s sweaty hand again, and they start walking back to their cabin, saying hi to some people along the way. Dean goes red, overwhelmed by the reminder of their fake marriage. People keep telling them that they make a cute couple and asking things about their marriage, only making the longing in Dean’s chest grow wilder. But he isn’t supposed to think about that right now.
“Dean, you should go to bed,” Cas is still touching him, but removes his hand when Dean leans back to properly sit on his chair.
But then, Cas’ fingers are sliding inside of him and that’s all Dean can think about. Everything else fades away as Dean enjoys the weight of Cas against his back, the way Cas knows how to twist his fingers just
“All done, big guy,” Dean grins, patting Cas’ knee without thinking. He raises his head to look at Cas, only to find him staring at him.
“And I was scared of how I felt about you.” Cas holds him. His hands are shaking. His heart is racing like a hummingbird against Dean’s own chest. “I don’t think I’ve ever loved anyone the way I love you, Dean.”
Dean was hurt by people. Dean was hurt on his knees. Hurt to the bones by violence. Hurt by indifference and neglect.
Cas walks out a few minutes later, the blood on his clothes visible in the moonlight, and Dean seizes his chance.
“You don’t get it,” Cas got up, abandoning his place to stand in front of Dean. He concentrated long enough to—to display his wings to Dean, drawing a gasp out of him: Cas’ black wings no longer looked solid and strong, and they seemed to be missing a couple of feathers in some places. They were still beautiful and cool as fuck, but they looked as if they would vanish completely at any moment.
“Dean, I was angry.” Dean flinches, but Cas grabs his wrist, pulling him closer to him. “Let me finish. I was angry at
The case turns out to involve one hell of an angry ghost, a huge collection of snow globes, a terrified elderly couple, and Dean digging through their backyard to find the bones of the previous owner of their haunted house.
“Where…” Dean turned to look at Cas fully, trying not to think too hard about Cas using drugs to stop feeling in
He falls, legs feeling like jello. He ends up on his knees again, breathing harshly, his head resting on Cas’ leg, sweaty and covered in come. For a second, there are hesitant fingers carding through his hair, but they’re gone in a blink.
“It’s fine,” Dean shrugs. “I guess it’s kind of weird to go back to sleeping alone, after months of having the little dude with me.”
“Only you, Castiel, tell the sister that you haven’t seen in almost two years that she’s wasting your time,” she rolls her eyes, and this time, Cas actually looks remorseful. Dean feels for him, knowing that he never meant to leave her behind.
“Something on your mind?” Cas asks, handing him the bag with a grin. Dean opens the bag and is delighted to see that Cas bought him a bacon burger, which would explain why the grump isn’t complaining about the cold or about being up too early; fucker probably already ate two of these babies. Dean takes one bite of his burger and properly melts. “Mmm.”
Cas frowns. He lets go of Dean’s chin, touching his cheek softly. Tenderly. With affection that feels so genuine, it makes Dean’s head spin. “Why do you say that?”
“I can’t believe you’re so wet,” Cas wonders, pulling Dean’s pants and his underwear down further. His hands reach around, each one grabbing a handful of asscheek, and Dean lets out an embarrassingly loud moan as Cas squeezes them. It’s not exactly a comfortable position for dick sucking, so he totally gets it when Cas asks for the lotion in the first aid kit and reaches for Dean’s cock instead of putting his mouth on it.
holds him in his hand. “Yeah. Yeah, okay,” is all Dean can say, suddenly losing all his critical thinking skills. Cas is heavy and warm in the palm of his hand, and then he’s guiding him to his mouth, softly kissing the tip first, savoring Cas’ musky flavor.
Cas’ childhood home is the most ostentatious house around. It was built with the same materials as the rest of the houses, but it’s bigger and sturdier, like a rustic-style mansion. More befitting of what a leader is supposed to have. Cas guides him into the library, hoping to find documents detailing the settlement’s demographics.
Dean chances another look at Cas, making sure that this is what he wants. His eyes are half-lidded and his mouth open, desire evident in every line of his body. Then, Dean is bending his head again, mouthing at the hard line of Cas’ erection, teasing him. Cas tugs at his hair impatiently, the head of his dick resting against the bottom swell of Dean’s lip. Cas is thick and big, and Dean can’t help but feel eager about having Cas inside him.
me?” Dean’s not above begging at this point, tired of the lonely nights and of wanting things that he can’t have.
Cas looks even more determined. “If we convince Michael to let us in, we can find out if the missing people are still alive and find a way to dismantle the community once we discover what Michael is actually doing.”
“And what if I want to tease you, uh?” Dean grins, barely licking a bead of precome from Cas’ quickly-hardening cock. “What if I wanna take my time with you?”
“I guess,” Dean shrugs again, feeling even more embarrassed than before. He feels like he’s kind of throwing a tantrum over something really dumb.
Michael jumps him again, and they’re wrestling on the floor when Cas kicks down the door and tries to pull him away from Dean. Michael throws him away as if he weighs nothing, and his eyes go feral at the sight of the stake, nails growing into claws in his hands, a twisted smile showing huge, menacing fangs. "I've gained the power to judge for myself, and I'm not going back,” he growls, and the room seems to shake with the power of his anger.
“Cas,” Dean finishes his burger, wrinkling the paper bag into a ball. “What’s wrong?” He wants to say
“Not this one, I’m afraid. Sorry,” he says, with a shrug, turning away from Dean, who sags with disappointment. “I’m here on a job.”
“This is bigger than that, Dean,” Cas snapped, officially shutting him up. “You have-- you have no idea how powerless I’ve felt. How useless. The world could end tomorrow and there’s very little I can do to prevent it.”
Sometimes Cas has only just killed the monster, like that first time when Dean discovered that he was a hunter, too. Other times, Cas will be waiting for Dean outside of his motel door after Dean gets back from a long day of investigation, smoking a cigarette and flicking ashes onto the pavement. "Don't bother," he says, voice like the gravel Dean had crunched over that afternoon, “I already cleaned out the nest yesterday.”
Almost seven years older than Dean, and way too fucking charming, Lee helped Dean remember the things he loved the most about the open road and the simplicity of just… leading a life as simple as ganking monsters and helping people. Dean liked the person he was when he was with Lee: someone
They go through multiple books, trying to find anything that may give them some hints, from the Bible to old angelology books. They consider and discard so many theories that frustration begins to seep in quickly.
They sit on the floor, right next to bed, closing the window after Dean is finished checking for any sneaky stray cats. Once it’s obvious they’re completely alone, Cas starts talking.
Getting attacked by flying snow globes, digging, decimating the garden, finding the bones, and burning them. It’s all automatic. Dean is just going through the motions, uncomfortably hungover and exhausted, head too full of thoughts to even pay proper attention to what he’s doing. He’s drowning in his own misery, and there’s nothing he can do about it. He spent six months of his life with Cas, falling in love with him and pretending he was just a hunting partner. Now Cas is gone, and the devastation keeps settling in, pouring out of Dean and spilling everywhere, taking hold of him every time he’s alone at night, resting on a bed that feels too big for him.
Once out in the open, and after putting as much distance as possible between them and Michael’s house, Dean finally lets himself breathe.
Dean pants and whines as he comes almost silently, feeling like the air has been punched out of him. Cas groans, rolling his hips until he’s coming inside of Dean. He kisses Dean’s jaw and pulls out before Dean feels too oversensitive, resting his head on his shoulder. Dean uses the position to kiss Cas’ sweaty, disgusting hair.
. The phantom pain in his jaw, the cold chill of memories he hates dissipate with every moment that Cas makes Dean focus on him, and he wants it-- no,
“Pay attention, bud, I’m going to show you what you wanted,” Dean grinned, probably looking cockier than he felt. Cas leaned closer, looking completely interested when Dean circled his own fingers around his hole, teasing himself until he was pushing inside. He started fucking himself at a slow pace and moaned once he managed to curl up his fingers the right way. “Cas,” Dean stuttered, eyes closed and enjoying the glide of his own touch against his prostate. “I’m opening myself for you.”
“Dean,” Cas said, breaking the sudden silence, black wings still flickering before Dean’s eyes. “Show me how to please you.”
(again) in his shitty motel room, feeling kind of deflated, his shitty phone discarded at someplace near the end of the bed. Dean tried to call his dad that morning, maybe to see if he was willing to provide some backup for his hunt, but he never answered and Dean gave up after the third attempt.  He then considers calling Sam, not to ask for his help, just… to vent. But it’s always been impossible to talk about dad with Sam without getting into a full-blown argument that leaves Dean feeling raw and, besides, the risk of calling Sam and getting rejected is too big, and not what Dean needs at this moment.
“Are you disappointed that you didn’t accomplish your mission?” Cas carefully sat only inches away from him, but Dean didn’t have the energy to give him another lecture about personal space. Still, his stomach fluttered strangely when their thighs touched, and Dean felt
“Long day,” he says, trying to look nonchalant. Michael hovers near him, looking at his lips with something that resembles hunger.
Cas tuts, looking smug instead of distant, which is a vast improvement. He takes off his shirt, avoiding Dean’s grabby hands. “Don’t be so needy.”
The night is cold, but not unbearable. Dean gets a copy of the local newspaper and circles a few things in it detailing a string of animal attacks that have left a trail of dead sheep, making a mental note to show it to Cas when he’s out of his funk.
, he wants to say, but they’re high as fuck and this isn’t the time to freak himself out. He’s practically weeping with need as Cas finger fucks him, back arched and legs shaking.
“I want you to stay with me,” he said, lips smushed against Cas’ sturdy shoulder, Cas’ fingers carding through his hair, petting softly.
By the time he’s done feeding Jack, he cleans his little mouth with a tissue, and settles into the correct position for burping, smiling at how sleepy Jack looks again. Dean keeps at it until Jack’s done, then cradles him in his arms again for some well-deserved cuddles, sitting on the edge of the bed and rocking him slightly.
He still doesn’t know why Castiel picked him. At first, Dean thought that maybe the prince had been drawn to the way he looked, but once he ignored Dean on their wedding night, he quickly discarded that idea. It couldn’t be. Castiel didn’t care about Dean that way.
“I can’t,” Dean grits out, sweat running down his temple, “I can’t, Cas, I’m going to fall down,” he moans, legs shaking harder than ever, gripping Cas’ shoulders just to stay on his feet, fingers digging into the leather of Cas’ jacket. Cas says nothing, still nibbling Dean’s hip, his fingers moving harder, faster, until he’s right there, making Dean come with a cry.
Spit dribbles down his chin, Cas choking him on his cock and barely allowing time to breathe. Dean makes a pitiful humming noise, almost overwhelmed by how good it feels to be used like that, eyes locking again with Cas.
Cas smiles, fond. He presses two fingers into Dean’s hole, leaving him breathless. “The look you give me every time I do this,” Cas murmurs, focusing on fucking his fingers in and out of Dean.
“I’m glad that you picked me,” Dean grins, feeling happy enough to shout it from the highest tower in the castle. “I’m-- I’m happy. That we’re a family. That’s all I ever wanted.”
“I- Look, I’ve been here for two days,” Dean tries, but Cas is gathering his knife and trying to walk past him, dismissing him.
Dean can’t help but smile, whenever he thinks about it, how Jack and Claire make his chest go tight with longing and affection, too.
But he’s got Cas now, with his dry humor and his baffling ignorance of All Things Fun, who’s disgustingly good at poker and smokes weed the way Dean chugs down whiskey.
He’s about to make a remark about it when Cas sits on the bed, looking dejected and sad with his shoulders slumped. They came to this place all battle-ready, Dean realizes. Cas was expecting a confrontation that never came and now he has to keep up appearances and pretend that he’s going to be what Michael wants him to be. That can’t be easy.
. It opens Dean’s eyes to a lot of new possibilities: did Cas know that Dean is a hunter too? Is there a meet-up spot for hunters near the town? Will Dean spot him again?
Cas arrives back at the house when Dean is busy cooking dinner. He raided their (suspiciously well-stocked) pantry and found everything he needed to make a mean mac and cheese. Now, the kitchen is warm and smells of food, and Dean feels a little bummed because
“Oh. Hello!” Dean saw the dark mop of hair shuffle until the man stood up, tall and stiff. It was, in fact, His Royal Highness, in all his awkward glory and dressed to the nines. “What brings you here?”
“You’ve got it all wrong,” to Dean’s very own horror, his eyes are starting to tear up. “I’m not worthy.”
. Which is why he almost loses it when he gets to the vamp nest and catches Cas beheading the last vampire.
Later, when Cas showed up out of nowhere for the sole purpose of saving their asses from getting kicked by Zachariah only to leave immediately after, Dean pretended that he didn’t have to crush a wave of longing with the weight of his own anger.
“Someone so pure,” Michael subtly licks his lips, leaning closer. Dean’s practically fusing himself with the wall at this point. “Someone so good. You have such a bright soul, Dean. The brightest I’ve ever
“Because…” Dean swallows past the heavy lump stuck in his throat, tears finally falling on his face. “Everyone leaves me. I drive everyone away. I’m not worth anyone’s time. I’m not worth anything at all. Just some guy with a GED and a give ‘em hell attitude.”
“I know you feel like that right now,” Dean says. “But we’ve got a game plan: you snoop around a little, I play nice and keep an eye out and once we find out what’s going on, we get it done and then you’ll never have to come back here, Cas.”
However, as soon as Castiel let her go, he was pressured to marry again, his mother insistent on the children needing a steady presence, someone who could balance Castiel’s absence when he was busy fulfilling his princely duties.
Three hours later, the old man finally grants them the power of his wisdom. “Sounds like you’re dealing with Ammit. You know, big cat? Weighs and eats souls?”
. Michael called it a ‘settlement’, or, more affectionately, ‘the land of milk and honey’. But he named the village
“I’m okay,” Cas mumbles, hiding his face in Dean’s neck and sucking a bruise there, pressing messy, desperate kisses against his throat. “I’m okay, I swear.”
“You’re right,” Anael purses her lips, then focusing her hazel eyes on Dean. In a second, she goes from frowning and pouting to smirking. “So. You’re the husband.”
“In Northern California,” Cas smiles, but it looks more like a grimace. “In the foothills of the Sierra Nevada, where everything is green and
At the same time, Cas had convinced him that, given Cas’ disaster of a family reunion (ha), things can’t possibly go any worse, so they should try visiting Sam in Palo Alto so Dean finally gets the chance to reconnect with his brother. It’s not a bad idea at all; it’s just that Dean hasn’t seen Sam since he stormed out to Stanford and he’s
They go home and spend the afternoon on the couch, sitting on opposite corners. Dean hates the distance between them, longing to touch and comfort Cas, who’s been spooked since they left the library. He wants Cas to touch him back, to touch him the way a real husband would. He misses their intimacy.
“Where are you even going, Cas,” Dean insists, trying his hardest to contain his anger. “Were you even going to say goodbye?”
“Okay,” Dean sighs, leaning back in his seat, feeling even more exhausted. “Just gotta play happy families, I guess.”
“Me too,” Dean smiles, relieved. “You don’t have to be so serious about that, you weirdo,” he teases him, but Cas does the annoyed-squinty thing he does every time Dean is being cheeky, and then leans in to press a kiss to Dean’s cheek.
Everyone at the camp eyed him with different levels of distrust, so Castiel was the only one who offered to shelter him for the night. Personally, Dean thought that the idea was a fucking nightmare, but he was too anxious to feel alone, and he wanted to see… more. To learn more about a Cas that was so painfully human that he had adopted humanity’s favorite destructive coping mechanisms: alcohol, drugs, and sex.
Cas’ wings flickered briefly, and he shook his head. “I’ve only shown them to you. Better said: you’re the only one who can see them.”
“Heh,” Dean snickers, looking at Claire’s grumpy face and her rumpled hair and clothes. “Did you fall out of bed?”
“You fucking weirdo,” Dean mutters, frowning slightly at the melancholy on Cas’ face, and makes a mental note to talk to him in the morning, bloody beehives and cults already forgotten for the night.
And then… Arizona happened, and now Dean is back to solo hunting and trying really hard not to lose a limb while wrestling to stab a werewolf or fall down the stairs while getting chased by a shapeshifter. At one point, he even considers calling Bobby, but it’s been years since the last time they talked, and Dean doesn’t know if he has any right to call him just to ask for help. Things would be easier if he could just put up a post on Craigslist: “WANTED: HUNTING PARTNER. NO, NOT THAT SORT OF HUNTING.”
“What do you want, Dean?” Cas asks, touching his lower lip. Dean resists the temptation of kissing the tip of his finger.
“Did it hurt?” Dean asked, like a damn idiot. In a different context, that question could have been a pathetically cheesy pick-up line. Cas seemed to take a moment to think about it, before throwing back his head with his eyes closed.
Dean drops his head on the bed again, eyes clenched shut with the effort not to come. “Cas. Cas, I need you,” he babbles, an old mantra that slips out whenever Cas touches him. Whenever Cas lights him up inside, not even aware of what he’s really doing to him by taking him apart and pulling him back together with his own hands. The press of Cas’ cockhead against his hole feels like freedom. Cas pushes inside in one single motion, one firm stroke that pulls a visceral, punched-out noise out of Dean’s lungs, the air completely stolen from them.
“After dinner, sure,” Anael agrees, sending Cas a significant look. “Next to the mill. Our usual place.”
“Castiel,” Michael smiles, all teeth and charisma. Dean hates it. “Hard at work, I see. That’s good, you’ve always been very dedicated.”
“I’m just a quick thinker,” Cas relaxes against the farm’s fence. The sky is tinted as dark as it can get, littered with stars, away from the city lights. “Or maybe you aren’t focused enough.”
Cas followed soon after, spilling hot and fast inside of Dean, and they both fell on the bed, arms and legs tangled together. Letting go of his embarrassment and personal hang-ups, Dean snuggled up close and drifted into sleep, arms tightly wrapped until Cas, forgetting the dread of the impending apocalypse.
Getting so lost in his own head turns out to be Dean’s biggest mistake, because the next thing he knows, there’s an angry wolf throwing itself over Dean. He falls to the ground and manages to roll and duck the wolf’s menacing fangs, but just when he’s trying to plan his counterattack, another wolf shows up and blocks his chances of escaping to regroup.
Dean flushes bright red, suddenly feeling vulnerable. Cas is just some guy he fucked a few weeks ago after a hunt, basically just a business partner. Dean knows almost nothing about him, and Cas knows the bare minimum about Dean.
“Pardon my boldness, my lord, but you don’t sound too happy about getting married,” Dean said, like a fool. His father used to say that his big mouth was going to get him in trouble one day.
By the time night falls and Cas isn’t around yet, Dean’s definitely less pissed than worried. He’s sitting on the porch of their cabin, nervously waiting for Cas to be back, so focused on seeing him that he doesn’t notice the figure approaching him at first. A second later, he’s turning in their direction, his hand going to the knife he keeps in his boot.
“Hn,” Dean grunts in response. Jack woke him up from a nightmare at least twice during the night, and he’s starting to suspect that the kid can sense them, from the number of times that Jack’s pulled him out of them. Still, he’s dead on his feet and ready to pass out, like every day since they lost Cas and Mary.
“Got it,” Cas says and then, after a beat, his face softens, and he’s wrapping her tiny frame in his arms, sinking into a heartfelt embrace. “I did miss you, Anael.”
“We ascend once we’re ready to answer Heaven’s call, of course! We’re angels in waiting, but the only one who can talk to God is Michael. That’s why he leads us, bless his heart. He shares with us the word of God every morning, and tells us when one of us has been called.”
Dean beams, brushing a couple of rebellious hair strands from his husband’s forehead. “I believe you.”
Sam’s away on a hunt and Dean’s alone with Jack and his own neuroses and paranoia, rocking Jack in his arms and begging him to just
“What’s starting?” Dean has a feeling that, whatever is starting, he’s not going to like it. Cas seems to catch on immediately. He grabs his jacket and puts it on quickly, strolling out the house and past his sister.
He couldn’t ignore his name being spoken like a command. “Come closer, that’s it. Just like that,” Dean soothed, finally getting comfortable enough to make a fist around his and Cas’ dicks. They rutted together, trading open, wet-mouthed kisses until Cas stopped fucking Dean’s fist to come all over his stomach. He wrapped his own fingers around Dean’s erection, right after coming, and stroked Dean until he came with a soft whine, body going boneless underneath Cas.
“Cas… hell, no,” Dean laughs nervously. “No, man. I’m not worthy at all. You’re the worthy one! Look at everything you’re doing to help these people!”
There’s no one to pull him out of his nightmares, and Cas’ miraculous return doesn’t seem to calm down his subconscious. Dean still dreams of all the ways he’s lost him, with the new addition of all the ways he could lose Cas again. And Jack.
“Hey,” Dean says softly, sitting next to Cas on the edge of the bed, hesitantly resting a hand on his thigh. “We’ve got this.”
There are a lot of questions stuck in Dean’s tongue, but his line of thought is interrupted by a series of annoying sneezes. His eyes started feeling watery as soon as they got close to the gates. Maybe it’s the pollen.
“That’s impossible,” Cas mutters. There’s shock in his voice, and Dean crouches next to him to see the picture. It looks considerably old, judging from the clothes the people in the picture are wearing, and when Cas flips the picture, he finds a handwritten note.
Dean feels torn between being pissed and worrying, and since the latter is overwhelming, he focuses on the former. Unfortunately, the worry only intensifies after he steps outside to help a neighbor with his garden and he gets a glimpse of Cas, who’s trailing after Michael and looking busy as fuck. It happens multiple times throughout the day. Every time Dean tries to approach Cas, Michael calls for him or sends him on some shitty errand, and that’s only worsened by the way Cas keeps looking at him. He looks exhausted and apprehensive. Keeps throwing worried glances at him. Dean doesn’t know if it’s about their fight last night or if something else happened, and it’s making him so anxious he can’t even eat when it’s time for lunch.
The rest of their dinner is silent, thick with tension and unanswered questions, both of them looking equally lost in thought. Once they’re done, Cas insists on washing the dishes before going out to meet Anael and Ruby, and Dean figures that Cas could use the alone time to compose himself before seeing his sister again.
“Hey,” Cas soothes him, his voice hoarse from smoking, deep like gravel, “Chase those bad thoughts away. Keep them out.”
Dean tells him everything they’ve been able to piece together, and the theory they came up with before calling. Bobby listens, making grumpy sounds and keeps them hanging more than once as he disappears into his own vast library to search for lore.
Dean’s never been much of an optimist, but this time, he can’t help but feel that things are going to be okay.
“Are you okay?” Cas asks. To Dean’s surprise, he reaches over and rests a hand on his cheek. Automatically, Dean leans into his touch, closing his eyes as he recovers his breath.
“I see,” Michael hums, still looking at Dean in a way that makes him want to scrub himself clean. “Castiel, you’ve been busy.”
Dean feels that lightness soar within his own chest, the fluttering in his stomach getting more intense every time he looks at Cas
Dean comes with a punched out moan, clenching so tight and so viciously around Cas, that he follows soon after, dropping like a particularly heavy sack of potato on top of Dean’s body. His legs are still holding him up, somehow, and Dean stays very still for a moment, trying to get his brain online.
Maybe he wouldn’t ask Sam for advice, because Dean sucks at talking about his own feelings, and he isn’t too keen on having a chick-flick moment when he’s feeling so vulnerable and raw, but… he wishes he could hear his brother’s voice again, just to feel reassured. He thinks about Cas’ sister being left behind and Dean aches for her, because he knows that feeling all too well. In Cas’ place, Dean would never have been able to leave Sam behind, not even for his own freedom, but he knows, down to the bottom of his heart, that Sam wouldn’t have done the same. Sam would have kept going because he, just like Cas, was born to spread his wings and fly.
By the time he’s out of the shower, properly dressed, properly medicated, and feeling more like a human being, Cas steps into the room holding some takeout bags, looking like Dean’s guardian angel.
Not wanting to interrupt Cas’ sullen mood, Dean avoids going back to the motel by hitting the first bar he finds, sitting at the counter, and ordering a glass of whiskey. It turns out to be a smart choice, because he spends the next few hours talking to a farmer that has already lost four sheep and a calf in one of the mysterious attacks reported by the paper. Dean promises him that he will take a look at his barn the following night since he’s already suspecting they’re dealing with a good ol’ chupacabra.
“The library is huge,” Cas warns him. “We may not find things easily, but we should start by looking into archival materials. And you need to remember that we’re on a time limit. Michael will be back around two in the afternoon, so we only have three hours to look around today.”
,” he pulled out, fighting a full-body shudder, then grabbed the hand Cas was using to pet his thigh. “You wanna put your fingers in me?”
“Morning,” Sam yawns, opening the fridge and staring at the contents, probably looking for his weird protein powder. Dean’s too busy preparing formula to care about Sam’s gross morning shakes.
there. Dean rubbed the same exact spot a couple of times until Cas was groaning, his mouth buried against Dean’s neck, and then his terrifyingly black wings were flickering to life only to disappear a few seconds later, just like the room’s light bulb earlier. But it was enough for Dean to think about the shape of them and the sheer power they radiated.
Dean does as told, still trying to catch his breath, hands, and knees on the bed, listening as Cas grumbles and fumbles around for the lube. Heart beating wildly inside his chest. He knows he’s putting himself in a vulnerable position, but Dean’s never had the best judgment whenever he feels so intensely for someone. It’s like he’s hard wired to crash and burn.
Cas pulled him into his arms, ignoring Dean’s incoherent babbling to help him get his shit together. For a moment, it seemed to work, and he laid his head on Cas’ shoulder, trying to pretend that he wasn’t living his very own worst nightmare. Suddenly, the world was moving way too fast around him, and he was too dizzy to be on his feet. He fell on his knees, puking on some idiot’s lawn, gagging until his eyes were watering again.
“You do whatever the fuck you want,” Dean hisses, going back to finishing Jack’s bottle with shaking hands. “I’m busy, okay? Satan’s kid isn’t going to raise himself.”
The mere idea of leaving Sam behind makes him dizzy. Dean would’ve done his best to make sure that if anyone had a chance to run away from a shitty situation, it would be Sam. No questions asked. That’s why he risked his old man having a stroke by giving his savings to Sam so he could go to Stanford.
“Okay, fine. But,” Dean keeps pushing, and pushing, desperately trying to stop feeling whatever feelings of devastation are settling inside him. “Why the fuck are you running away in the middle of the night?”
They’re close enough to breathe the same air. Dean waits until the hazy feeling in his brain dissipates and his heart rate goes back to normal. “Hey,” he says, gruff and sleepy, carding his fingers through Cas’ hair.
Michael arches one douchey eyebrow at him. “Of course. We’re going to find a way for you to give back to this community, so you can earn everyone’s forgiveness. And I’m going to do something I should have done much, much earlier.”
“Well, you should take a break,” Dean tries, turning to exchange a grin with Claire. She immediately gets the message. “
, Cas’ brother is some weird religious fanatic, people are disappearing and probably being lied to and Dean is stuck in the middle of this entire goddamn mess playing happy family with the guy who fucked him for months only to ditch him without a second of hesitation.
Dean’s missed him so much he can feel it all the way to his bones, a longing that threatens to swallow him whole if he’s not cautious, if he doesn’t keep his heart carefully folded away from Cas’ fire. But touching him again, being allowed to feel this close to him again, feels like taking a fresh breath of air after drowning.
“We can’t talk here,” Cas finishes. Anael points at the door, looking annoyed. “Michael could burst in here any minute, you know how nosy he can be.”
Cas seems to fumble with the car door behind him for a few seconds, until he finally manages to open it in between hungry kisses. “Get in the car, Dean,” he commands, and Dean slips into the backseat without any further thoughts, unzipping his pants and lowering them until he can spread his legs for Cas.
“Cas?” Dean asks, only to be ignored. Cas stares for another moment, and then he’s bolting out of the building, straight up running towards where they’re parked. “Cas!” Dean calls again, jogging behind Cas’ frantic figure.
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean dares to open his mouth again, the slightest nervous edge to his mouth. “Come back to bed, man.”
“Hello,” Anael smiles, her smile looking out of place among so many annoyed bastards. “Fancy meeting you here, gentlemen.”
The day is bright and sunny, after a weekend ruined by heavy rain and moody clouds. Dean should have seen it coming, with both Claire and Jack bouncing around the castle and staring longingly at the gardens through foggy windows.
“You have no idea,” Cas whispers, gently resting his hand on Dean’s cheek for a moment. “You have no idea how much you mean to me, Dean.”
Sam follows him and stops at his side, like the annoying little brother that he is. “Are you sure about that? It’s just… it’s been weeks and I feel like I’ve barely seen you out of your room…”
But the only time he gets to see Cas now is inside his own nightmares. Sometimes he dreams of Lucifer ripping him apart, Cas’ wings burned on the ground like a petroglyph. Sometimes it’s Cas walking into a lake, disappearing under the water. Sometimes it’s Cas letting go of Dean’s hand to stay in Purgatory.
Dean knows what Sam is about to say, and he slams a fist on the kitchen counter to stop him immediately. “No.”
Cas makes him come a second time, pulling him apart just with his fingers. Dean beckons for him to get closer, content to have Cas right next to him on the bed, so he can lay his head on Cas’ strong chest, run a hand up and down Cas’ firm stomach, pet his jutting hip bones softly.
Cas smiles, leaning down for a sweet kiss, slower than the previous ones. Less frantic. He unbuttons Dean’s shirt slowly, stealing touches and kisses, then sits back to help Dean get rid of his clothes. Dean does the same, unwrapping Cas from every layer with shaking hands, pressing kisses to the skin he’s longed to touch for so long.
Dean should be ashamed, he thinks, of how much he loves sucking cock. How much he loves pulling back and rolling his tongue around the head of Cas’ dick, sucking the tip and then swallowing Cas’ entire length in one go. But he isn’t. He bobs up and down Cas’ cock, determined to make it good for him, running a soothing hand over the skin of Cas’ uninjured thigh, wishing he could ask Cas to crush Dean’s head with his strong, hairy thighs.
The more Cas takes over Jack Duty, the more Dean silently steps back, feeling unneeded. After all, Cas is Jack’s real family, and Dean was only a placeholder, someone who was there for him after everything went to shit, and willing to step up for the kid that didn’t ask to be born in that mess.
“I haven’t spent years hiding in this mediocre body and waving crosses in front of fools only for you to ruin everything!” Michael temporarily stops chasing after Dean to throw himself at Cas, who loses the stake in his attempt to roll away from him. Michael straddles him. His nails grow into strong, menacing claws and he drags them over Cas’ chest.
Way too eagerly, Dean spreads his legs, looking at Cas’ through hooded eyes. “Lube’s in my drawer,” he breathes, watching the way Cas scrambles to the side of the bed and reaches for the drawer. Lube in hand, he takes back his rightful place between Dean’s leg, taking a moment to look at him.
Dean’s sleeping off a nasty concussion courtesy of ghoul shenanigans, passed out on a lumpy motel bed when his phone rings. He would’ve ignored it, but the song coming from the speakers is
“Thanks, bud,” Dean clenches his teeth, stepping away from Michael. “Do you mind? I have personal space issues. Really bad ones, you’re kind of ruining my vibe here.”
“I’ve never wanted anyone more than I want you, Dean,” Cas says, eyes earnestly sincere, and Dean launches himself at himself, straddling his lap to kiss him senseless, until their lips are swollen and red and the air between them grows short. He nuzzles his cheek against Cas’, content to finally express his affection for him, dizzy with the exuberant energy that comes with love.
“I’m not trying to do that,” Cas runs a hand through his messy hair, looking frustrated. “I never meant… you said…” He seems to steel himself, and his handsome face looks like it’s been carved out of stone, building a wall around himself to keep Dean as far away as possible. “I’m ending our partnership now. I’m sorry, I truly am. It’s not you, Dean.”
He’s constantly drowning in the desire to kiss Cas. They haven’t had sex for a few days now, and he aches with the need to touch Cas in a more intimate way. Dean is just too insecure to ask, too insecure to make a move and reveal how much he wants Cas. How, for Dean, their arrangement is leaving the friend-with-benefits territory and becoming something bigger and terrifying.
“Okay, I’m not going to complain about that,” Cas says, lowering his hand, barely touching Dean’s cheekbone. “I’m waiting,” Cas breathes, and it’s all the signal Dean needs to stare at his crotch, where Cas’ dick is currently thickening.
It’s a beautiful sunny morning, and the light blue walls of their bedroom seem to mock Dean, trying to coax him into feelings of normalcy and contentedness. If Dean closed his eyes and stayed in bed, he could almost pretend that they’re a normal couple having a normal morning; but wanting things that he’s not allowed to have is what got Dean into this mess in the first place.
This time, Dean remembers being a teenager and boldly touching the prince’s hands, staring at his face and wondering how it would feel, to be touched by someone so beautiful and so kind, and he aches for the silly, enamored kid that he used to be.
“Yes,” Cas nods, closing his eyes. “Something wasn’t right… something…” he trails off, his hands shaking uncontrollably, visibly struggling to continue. “People were disappearing and Michael kept acting more and more deranged, kept telling us that the end was near, that the missing people were all tainted and exiled because of it. Forbidden from ascension.”
“Castiel,” he repeats, opening his arms wide, and Dean perks up at the name. “The beehives have missed you, dear brother. Our bees have mourned you dearly.”
, Dean doesn’t say, even when his heart rests in their tiny hands. But still, Castiel seems to get it, and the smile he gives Dean in response is almost blinding.
The entire day feels too peaceful to be real. It passes in a blur of takeout, TV (there’s a channel playing the first Star Trek movie and Dean is so making Cas watch that) and Dean sharing what he knows about the possible chupacabra case with Cas.
Dean flushes, caught a little off guard by the sentiment, clearing his throat once he recovers. “Anyway, what were you saying about...?”
“What,” Dean grumbles, looking for the bedside lamp and settling for his phone instead, “the fuck are you doing at… 4:22 in the morning?” Cas’ silhouette immediately settles, the sound of a zipper accompanying his sudden stillness. He’s sitting at the end of the bed, his back turned to Dean, wide shoulders stiff, the line of his back straight and severe. Once Dean gets used to the darkness surrounding the room, he uneasily notices that Cas is wearing his signature leather jacket.
“Dean—” Cas says, in that placating, condescending tone he sometimes uses. Dean hates it so fucking much.
Cas’ fingers were thicker, and despite his curiosity and inexperience, he eagerly pushed two into Dean, fucking him with them he eagerly pushed two into Dean, fucking him with them until Dean was practically begging him for more. When Cas
Cas takes one look at him, says, “Jesus fucking Christ,” and spills down Dean’s throat, hot and bitter. Dean swallows all of it, and then pulls back carefully, breathing through his nose. He licks the tip of Cas’ cock one last time, cleaning him with his tongue, then tucks him back into his pants.
Dean’s last thought before falling asleep is that he should pull back and give Cas some space, but his body feels too heavy and Cas is just the amount of warmth he needs.
“Don’t try to excuse it, Dean,” Cas cuts him off. “I don’t want to hear it. What I did was inexcusable and it’s time that I fixed that. I’ve been thinking… I need to know that she’s alive and well, that she’s not missing.”
“Cas, you’re only human. I’m sorry about what I said the other night, I shouldn’t have lashed out at you like that, man.”
Silently, slowly, as his eyelids drag with the weight of exhaustion and Dean surrenders to the buzz of alcohol, he finds his way back to his old way of living and his former self: the one who never looked forward to the next day.
Cas’ eyes go soft, and he pets the inside of Dean’s thighs with the kind of touch that feels like genuine affection. “You’re beautiful.”
Cas leaned closer, pressing a soft kiss against Dean’s lips. It was short and sweet and not long enough. “I’ll come back to you.”
Dean is so busy ogling him, that he doesn’t even notice when the guy finishes his nasty bitter beer.
Once inside, Dean is pleasantly surprised. The house resembles a medium-sized cottage, walls painted a creamy yellow, with a big living room and an open concept kitchen. The cabinets are painted a soft blue, and the couch is white and looks big enough to fit both of them, and much better quality than the ones he usually sees at motels. Dean feels almost guilty when he realizes that this is, in fact, a really nice home. It’s nice, tidy and just looks… inviting. He’ll keep his guard up, but that doesn’t mean he hates the idea of sleeping in a decent bed.
“No,” she frowns like she’s just realizing she’s been missing out. “I’m not allowed in the kitchen.”
“Castiel,” comes a smug voice. A tall dude is walking towards them, crossing the gates. He’s tall, almost as tall as Cas and Dean are, with dark hair, tanned skin, and blue eyes that manage to look smarmy instead of earnest, like Cas’ own.
. But he’s a weak ass coward, and he’s about to play Fake Husbands with Cas, so he takes the olive branch he’s being offered.
“And they love you, too. They’re my children, I know them better than myself,” Cas laughs. “You make them happy. You
Cas is gone, turned into ash, reduced to prayers that lead to nowhere, composed of all the things Dean was never brave enough to say. He prays
“Well, then I guess it’s too bad you were so slow,” Cas says, already leaving, Dean still standing in the middle of the room with his mouth open, a retort stuck on his tongue.
“Oh! You’re Castiel’s boy. Right, right,” she nods approvingly, as if Castiel were there to see her approve of his choices. “That boy. So scatterbrained!”
“I’m going out,” Dean grunts, because it’s obvious that Cas won’t talk about what’s bothering him, and that he wants to be alone. “Don’t wait up.”
“Want you inside,” Dean babbles, letting out soft little moans. “In me. Want you so much,” words seem to leave his mouth unfiltered, like he’s suddenly forgotten how to be embarrassed. Cas holds him down with a hand on his hip, angling his fingers just
Cas nods, lips barely touching Dean’s nose. “I was… in a precarious situation. I ran into a siren a few days after I left the only home I had known,” Cas wrinkles his nose in distaste, and Dean is close enough to be able to see it. “She almost got me, luring me with promises of a new life, when a hunter showed up and killed her. I was so shaken that he bought me dinner and explained what had happened to me. Dean, thanks to the place where I was raised, I had a very vague knowledge of all things supernatural. I lived in ignorance for twenty-five years, and one single experience changed everything for me, changed the entire world as I knew it.”
“Dean,” Cas says, looking nonchalant as he cleans his hands with a rag. “I didn’t expect to see you again,” he says, smiling. Dean wants to punch his perfect teeth.
“You should’ve told me, Dean,” Cas frowns. “Maybe we should put Jack back in your room, permanently.”
“You’re the one that invoked the name of the lord in vain,” Cas snorts, finally pulling out so he can lay next to Dean, covering his face with an arm. Dean longs to cuddle up to his side, to use Cas’ firm stomach as a pillow, but he doesn’t know if he’s allowed to do that, and he’s too afraid of rejection.
“That’s the worst idea in the world,” Dean snorts, patting the space next to him. “Just stay here, and,” he stops, licking his lips nervously. He has no idea how Cas is going to take his next suggestion; maybe he'll laugh in Dean's face, or roll his eyes and tell him to stop being a baby. But Dean has to ask. He's just... he's so tired of being alone. He wants someone who will have his back, who will grab a beer with him after a good hunt and stitch him back together after a bad one. And it doesn't hurt that Cas is easy on the eyes and a demon with his fingers.
He’s just some dude, trying not to mess things up. With a kiss to Jack’s forehead and a tired sigh, Dean puts Jack back in his bassinet, then leans on the edge of it to stare at him.
“Room,” Cas grunts, and fuck, Dean’s never been carried so easily by another dude before. It’s everything he’s ever fantasized about when he thinks about Cas.
The world was going to end tomorrow and he wanted to go out with something that reminded him of a good time. Soon, the only sounds in the room were the slap of skin, Cas’ low panting, and Dean’s loud, ridiculous moans. Cas gripped him by the hips and started driving into him, harder and faster, until Dean could barely hold on for the ride. Cas sat up, and Dean held onto him, throwing his arms around Cas’ shoulders until his thighs were quivering and he was coming, cock rubbing insistently against Cas’ firm belly.
“Cas,” Dean says, swallowing back a sob, sadness still like a stone and lodged in his throat, choking him down, “You can’t—you can’t say stuff like that to me. You always have a foot right outside the door, and I’m always a damn mess after you’re gone, and I—I can’t go through this shit again.”
“It’s taking forever,” Cas grunts, his fingers digging into the cheap comforter. Dean ignores him, trying to go as fast as possible without fucking up or causing Cas unnecessary pain. He does a pretty good job overall: the stitches are clean and neat, the way his dad taught him. John always expected him to keep a steady hand, even when he was too young to have decent motor skills.
People litter around the place, appearing to be content, completing daily, mundane tasks like laundry and chopping wood. Some of them look at Dean curiously, but most seem to be minding their own business. A couple of cats lay sunbathing on the grass, and one of them even tries to sniff Dean before he shoos it away.
Michael opens his annoying mouth just as Cas joins them, carrying a jar of what appears to be honey in his hand.
Since Sam left and Dad left, every time Dean hunts, he wonders: what if this is the last time? What if this is the end? What if his body is never found, and Sam and John go on with their lives, assuming that Dean went on his own way too, never missing him enough to wonder if he’s still alive?
Cas smiled at him. It wasn’t pretty. The corners of his lips were downturned, the lines around his mouth looking starker than ever.
The first time he crossed looks with Castiel, he was fourteen and Castiel was a proper adult, and he was getting married to another person. The castle was buzzing with chaos and activity, servants running everywhere to appease the Queen and offer her youngest son a wedding he wouldn’t forget. Ellen and Jo had roped him into baking a few pies for the ceremony, even though he didn't work at the castle; it was the least he could do for the woman who had taken him in and his adopted little sister
Dean blinks. Cas’ eyes are very, very blue if a little foggy. Then, he leans in for a kiss, soft lips sliding against Dean’s down, slow and confident. Cas lets go of his face so he can grab the back of Dean’s head, tugging at his hair, slipping his tongue between Dean’s lips. God, Dean’s never been
And that’s just… wrong, Dean thinks, whiskey bottle in his hand and alcohol burning down his throat. You can’t do that. People aren’t sturdy enough to become homes, their foundations aren’t strong enough. They waver and then crumble around you, leaving you bereft. Leaving you to pick up the pieces. Just like Cas did: he left, after fooling Dean into loving him, loving his companionship and his too-blue eyes and his strong arms that seemed to hold everything in place.
He had been hollowed out, made of nothing but hubris anymore, and Pestilence was right about him: there was nothing inside of Dean, there was nothing more than the severe absence of things. The absence of control, the absence of hope, the absence,
“What are you doing?” she asks again, tilting her head a little bit to the side, like a small bird, and that’s where Dean sees it: the pieces of Cas that he’s fallen in love with, carefully woven in Claire’s young face, as if they both came out of the womb as grumpy, not-morning-people.
. They’re allowed to be children when they are with you, and that’s a gift that I wasn’t granted as a child.”
me,” Dean growls as soon as he steps into the old brewery. There’s old furniture in various states of disarray and two headless bodies laying on the floor near where Cas stands. With one brutal swing, Cas effectively beheads the third one, a bit of blood splashing his face.
Dean is panting, tugging at Cas’ messy dark hair, clutching at the sheets with his other hand, scrambling to find the tube of lube he left under the pillow in a moment of feeling too hopeful.
“Your brother just… gave us a house?” Dean blinks, probably looking as confused as he feels. He’s already finished unloading their bags from the Impala while he gave Cas time to talk to Michael. From the way Cas is grumbling, Dean doesn’t know if that conversation actually went well.
“Hmmm,” Dean hums as he works, a particular thing she’s said keeps getting stuck in his mind. “What do you mean there’s fewer people?”
But he’s been proven wrong now, and he’s never been happier about it. Last night, when they made the decision to move on to the next chapter, laying together on the bed they shared for almost a month, Dean had dared to be honest.
They rent a motel room just a few miles away from Cas' family's ranch. He's not ready yet to go there, and Dean gets it. It's late, they've been driving in silence for hours, tension thick inside the car. The inner workings of Castiel's head are something Dean doesn't have access to (even if there was a moment when Dean thought that, maybe, he was starting to understand the way Cas' brain ticked), but it doesn't take a genius to guess that Cas is terrified as fuck. The line of his jaw is tight and stiff, and Dean longs to press a trail of kisses to it, to nose at Cas' stubble silently, make soft, soothing noises against his skin.
Dean smiled a half-grin, knowing he took the coward’s way out. He didn’t want to acknowledge the way his chest squeezed when looking at Cas’ sadness, he didn’t want to examine the flutter in his stomach every time Cas looked at him.
“Well, you thought wrong,” Cas snaps, an ugly look across his features. “I’m not going back there. Not for you. Not for anyone, Dean.”
Cas mumbles with a sleepy glare, slowly getting up and making his way to the bathroom, unsteady on his feet and bumping his hip against the old, chipped bedside table. Dean shrugs, suddenly hungry and still way, way too sore. The events of last night are still firmly etched in his head, and he’s not sure if he’s processed them properly yet. He almost regrets asking Cas to partner up with him, but there’s
His nose is runny and itchy and his throat feels weird, so he’s just going to assume that a cat wandered in during the night. His theory is proven right when he finally opens his eyes and sees a black cat looking cozy on Cas’ unused pillow.
“Oh, Dean,” Cas takes the chair next to Dean and sits, gently resting a hand on Dean’s arm, trying to get him to look at him. “I’m here now. I won’t be leaving again.”
“What is he doing?” Anael asks, but it’s not a question for any of them. “What is he going to do to us?”
Dean has left the doorway open, and it’s up to Cas to see if he wants to cross it. They’re back to bantering and talking, the tense mood officially eradicated. Cas gets wrinkles around his eyes every time he laughs, and Dean wants to kiss them. He wants to kiss Cas all the time.
In a moment, Claire and Jack will knock on the closed door, whining and complaining about being bored, hoping to draw Dean out of the room and convince him into going outside for a nice picnic, delighted and surprised when Cas joins them.
Dean’s throat closes up. Cas would have done a better job than him. He’d have provided Jack with more competent care. He’s the one who read parenting books and decided to be Jack’s dad, unlike Dean.
Cas leaves the bathroom, the sound of his bare feet dragging Dean out of his thoughts. There are deep, dark shadows under his eyes and he looks like he hasn’t gotten any sleep in at least a month. Dean feels for him, because he keeps forgetting that he should be angry at Cas for dumping him as if he were yesterday’s news.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, looking as tense and stoic as the last time they saw each other, the corners of his mouth barely ticking up. There’s a frown obscuring his brow that Dean wishes he could erase with a brush of his thumb and a kiss.
“Cas,” Dean pleads, because he feels embarrassed, but Cas won’t let him get away with that. He kisses Dean, licking into his lips, slipping his tongue into Dean’s mouth, to claim every little corner, while Dean squirms under him.
Cas has deadly aim, he’s a pro at exorcisms, he sucks at cooking and keeps fucking up his laundry, but he sleeps with an arm over Dean’s waist now and he kisses like he’s starving for it, and Dean loves the way he can fit his nose in the crook of Cas’ neck and nose his stubbly cheeks and fall asleep warm and content.
“You could never do that to me,” Dean says, heart beating faster. He doesn’t dare to hope, not yet, but he can’t help it. He just
“Yeah,” Dean looks down, swallowing past the lump stuck in his throat. “Honestly, Cas, sometimes I think…”
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel says, leaning a little closer. He hasn’t let go of Dean’s hand. “I’d be lost without you.”
"Just stating my opinion, man," Dean stutters out, trying desperately to get a hold of himself. Just because the guy is hot doesn't mean Dean can't have a fucking conversation with him. Get your shit together, Winchester.
“Can I sit?” Cas gestures at the seat across from Dean, behaving way more politely than he usually does. If they were on better terms, Dean would actually find it amusing.
…” Dean groaned, throwing his head back once Cas got one of his giant paws on his cock. It was too dry, and the angle was a bit uncomfortable, but Cas was
“You and your brother have so much to lose, Dean,” Cas said, looking mournful and miserable, and Dean just felt the weird impulse to hug him. To soothe him out of his worries.
Cas doesn’t answer, but Dean catches him glaring every time they pass one of the beehive-shaped road signs.
“Damn, that’s one amazing baby monitor,” Dean laughs, the rush of joy taking over his body as Cas puts his hands behind Dean’s thighs and effortlessly lifts him up.
Again, when he shows up at an abandoned mine shaft outside of the town border, Cas has already taken care of it. Dean gets to see how Cas finishes the job, the way he meticulously cleans his weapon once he’s done, and feels a surge of inadequacy. Dean’s been too slow again, and Cas beating him to it proves how sloppy Dean’s gotten.
“You do it,” Dean answers, snuggling into Cas’ side. “I’m not getting up ever again. You fucked me stupid.”
“Not anymore!” Dean blurts out, walking down the steps to press a messy, wet kiss against Cas’ mouth, just to see if he can make Michael uncomfortable enough to leave. “Hey, babe.”
The children laugh louder, patting his white shirt with dirty hands until it turns brown, and Castiel soon stops fuming and starts smiling, looking younger than ever.
“You look like you’ve got a lot on your mind,” the bartender points out, somewhat obviously, and Dean just offers up his empty glass of whiskey silently. It’s been two months since he and Lee stumbled upon the horrific thing that finally killed all of Lee’s hopes of ever contemplating a permanent career in the hunting lifestyle and forced him to gracelessly ditch Dean.
“C’mon, move it,” Dean pat Cas’ chest, once his arm started to fall asleep. “Let’s move this to a real bed.”
Still, there was a lingering connection between him and this human Castiel that forced Dean to examine some unwanted shit about himself. He sat there, on the floor of Castiel’s cramped and stinky cabin, waving away the smell of weed, wondering who pulled away first. It didn’t really matter: they were already broken.
“Why?” Before he can ask again, Cas removes his hand from Dean’s arm and cradles his face gently, forcing him to look at him.
“Younger siblings are genetically predisposed to be nightmares, Cas,” Dean jokes, feeling warm when Cas actually smiles at him. He just wants to see Cas smile more. “Breakfast?”
“Likewise,” Dean grunts. Cas picks up his weapon, dusting off his pants with his now clean hands. He walks up to Dean, stopping at an uncomfortably close distance.
“You’re a righteous man, Dean Winchester. And I can’t see souls, but I have no doubt that you have the brightest soul I’ve ever known.”
“Cas, you’re driving me crazy,” Dean whines, arching his back as Cas mouths at the base of his dick, teasing him with small, short kisses. Instead of answering Dean’s pleas, Cas just hums and puts his hands on Dean’s parted legs, petting the inner part of his thighs, lowering his face past Dean’s dick and behind his balls to lick at Dean’s hole.
Eventually, Cas wakes up enough to look at his surroundings through the window, bleary-eyed and grumpy, only to frown at the sight of the road.
He grabs Dean’s hand and drags him inside the house, closing the door behind him immediately. They stand there, right next to the door frame until they hear creaky steps, in a moment that feels like forever. After twenty minutes or so, Cas opens the door to check if Michael is still there, and closes it once he’s sure that he’s gone.
Dean closes his lips around the head again, sucking with his eyes closed, already getting acquainted with the salty flavor of Cas’ skin. Cas groans, hips rocking up into Dean’s mouth, and Dean takes more of him, swallowing past the head and going as far as he can without gagging.
“He… I ran,” Cas starts explaining, but he doesn’t look like he’s completely present. “I ran away. From our home.”
“Bossy,” Cas grumbles, actually doing what Dean told him to do, removing his bloodstained jeans and then sitting on the edge of the bed with a pained hiss. Dean goes to the bathroom so he can wash his hands properly, then gets the first aid kit from his duffel. He kneels between Cas’ spread knees and takes a preliminary look at the ugly, bleeding gash.
about Cas, something that Dean wants to see more of. They’re well-matched, he thinks, and letting Cas go would be a waste. Dean can make all the jokes and brag all he wants about his skills being enough to hunt by himself, but the thing is that he doesn’t
Cas looks amused and vaguely fond, but not immediately repulsed at the idea of sharing the same air as Dean, so he counts that as a win. “I’ll think about it,” he says, carefully laying back down on the bed. He looks so exhausted that Dean can’t help but feel bad for him.
“We’re going to tell Michael that I ran away because I was afraid of facing rejection within our community for being a queer man,” Cas explains without blinking.
found his prostate, Dean knew it was about time to get to the main act. He gently guided Cas’ hand away from him, then pushed him back so he was resting on his back in the middle of the bed. Dean threw a leg over him to straddle him, heart picking up when the head of Cas’ cock nestled between his ass cheeks.
“We’re going to tell him,” Cas hesitates, “that the reason I stayed away is that I fell in love with you and married you.”
Dean gets rid of his jacket, boots, and jeans, and crawls into the bed, pleasantly drunk and looking to get warm. The wide planes of Cas’ back and the firmness of his shoulders look so inviting that Dean can’t help but cuddle against him, resting his cheek against the spot between Cas’ shoulders, right in the middle of his back. Cas sighs in his sleep and Dean clumsily wraps an arm around his middle, feeling content like only a drunk fool does.
“Hey,” Dean tries to smile, but he knows it doesn’t look very authentic. If Cas notices, it doesn’t look like he cares.
Cas stares at him, silently. Dean wonders if Cas pities him, if he sees right through him, if he’s been aware all this time of how Dean has been clinging to him, craving his affection and company, enjoying Cas’ presence in his life more than Cas enjoyed Dean’s.
“I’m Dean,” he smiles his best charming smile, trying to look as harmless as possible. “I’m your brother’s husband.”
“You want them to be happy,” Dean concludes for him. He hates how defeated Castiel looks and he reaches for his hand on impulse, unable to stand the idea of his prince beating himself up, wanting to offer comfort.
Having finished with the steps, Dean puts his weight on them to see if they’re good. Once satisfied, and still buzzing with a simmering feeling of dread, he puts Muriel’s tools back in the case and shoots her a cocky smile.
“No, just the same things I was suspicious about before I made up my mind and left,” Cas frowns, pausing for a moment so he can eat a little. “Though I do have access to the main house’s library, now.”
Sweaty and panting, Cas seems as overwhelmed as Dean feels. “You’re so warm,” he breathes, almost reverently, pulling out and pushing back in, and Dean has to bite his own lip to stave off what feels like an explosive orgasm.
“No…” Dean croaked, turning to look at Cas. He was standing next to him, his wide, dark wings were back to normal, and he looked at him with sorrowful eyes that made Dean want to puke again. “Cas, don’t.”
Jesus, he sounds like a blubbering idiot. The sting behind his eyes feels more urgent. He’s pathetic.
But for now, Dean’s content to hold and kiss Cas, finally knowing that he’s truly, completely happy.
When they open the barn doors, Dean expects a monster ready to pounce, but nothing of the sort happens. Instead, he hears Cas’ gasp next to him, as they stare at the barn walls. Right in the center, there's a massive beehive drawn in dark red lines. Dean realizes it’s dried blood, more appropriate for an inverted pentagram instead. Dean doesn’t know what it means and whatever question he has dies in his throat when he sees how pale Cas has gone.
“C’mere,” Dean tries to pull him into his arms, but Cas surprises him by tugging at Dean’s jacket until he’s straddling Cas’ lap, Cas’ arms safely secured around his waist.
“There’s time for you to find out what you want, Dean.” Cas pulls him closer until Dean’s head is nestled under Cas’ chin. He tells himself that they’re only huddling for warmth, that there’s nothing more to this, but Dean’s always been a shit liar. He knows he should move back, should put space between them, but it's like he can't move, can't ease himself away from Cas' arms. Dean hates how perfectly he fits there, but he refuses to think about Cas beyond their tacit agreement
“One, because it’s a fucking dump,” Dean snorts, “and two, because it’s all the way across the country, so. Umm, no thanks.”
“Well… yes. But I don’t know if he was trying to get into my pants or trying to get himself a light snack.”
“Sure, Cas.” Dean reaches for him, pulling him closer with a grip on the back of his neck before starting the car. His hand rests on Cas’ nape and he buries his fingers in Cas’ lush and impossible hair, pressing their lips together in a sweet kiss, mouths lingering once it ends. Breathing together.
“I don’t have any lube,” Dean whined, stroking up and down Cas’ gorgeous dick, watching as Cas’ shook under his touch, almost enraptured.
Especially after solving a particularly annoying case. Like a salt’ n’ burn, which Cas hates because he despises desecrating graves and he despises
“Yes,” she huffs, a grumpy scowl on her face. “My grandson promised to do it for me, but he didn’t show up. I know he’s been busy, but some warning would’ve been nice.”
Then she grabs her girlfriend’s hand before speaking again, but her eyes are fixed on Cas. “Castiel, it’s… a week before you left, before we tried to run… Do you remember? Samandriel’s ascension? I was sneaking out of the house that night, to meet with Ruby. We were going to look over the plan and hide more supplies for the trip. I had to cross the path that leads to the forest, so I could hide between the trees. And then… I heard him. I heard Samandriel. He was
“You seem thoughtful,” Castiel’s gravelly voice rumbles behind him. Dean turns to look at him, not moving from his seated position on the grass.
“I mean, it’s obvious that your brother’s got everyone here duped, but… what the hell is he doing with these people? Because, yeah, I’m not buying that corny nonsense of going to heaven to play the harp among fluffy clouds.”
Cas is on the ground several feet away, no gun in sight, and both he and the other wolf are bleeding profusely. Dean points at the beast’s head almost automatically, shooting it three times. A heavy silence follows, only broken by Cas’ loud panting. He’s still sprawled on the ground, bleeding from an ugly gash on his thigh, face bruised. Dean guesses he can’t look any better.
The question bears repeating as, over the next three months, Dean runs into Cas on five of eight total hunts. On one occasion, he doesn't even really see Castiel, just catches a glimpse of him as he's leaving a seedy hole in the wall bar one night as Dean comes in. But every time Dean's in the same town, the hunt's done by the time he puts the clues together.
Beneath Cas’ chest, beneath his flesh and ribs, right in the powerful beating of his heart, Dean’s finally found a home.
Too embarrassed to say anything else, Dean made more room for Cas between his legs, then put a hand on his chin to give him another slow, sweet kiss. “We’re going to need lube; I keep a bottle in my duffel. C’mon, move it,” he grumbled, shoving Cas aside for a moment, just to go in search of the supplies.
After getting ditched like a bad prom date by his dad, Dean tried to take up his usual hunts, but chasing after werewolves on his own and risking his ass every time lost its appeal really quickly. Dean had to settle for the smaller hunts, the ones that didn’t require backup if he wanted to remain in one piece.
But as much as Dean appreciates Claire and Jack’s company and the constant stream of chatter that they usually offer, he also loves the quiet moments that he reserves for himself, too. The gardens are full of life and color, even in the dark of the night, and Dean loves to sit between the flowers and look at the stars, wondering if this is all he’s going to get, if this is the pinnacle of his happiness, if this life and
“Thanks,” Dean sulks, trying not to let it get to him. The rejection was so abrupt and fast that he’s left reeling, almost dizzy with whiplash.
“Sorry to hear that,” Dean says, and he means it. She looks tired. Luckily, the problem with the steps looks like a quick, easy fix. “Is this a busy season or something?”
When Dean got back on the bed, a bottle of Astroglide in hand, Cas was waiting for him completely naked, his strong body on display, broad shoulders and thick thighs, strong biceps, and firm stomach. Dean felt like a slouch in comparison and self-consciously sat in front of Cas, fumbling his way into removing his pants and underwear. As soon as he joined the naked party, Cas’ hungry gaze was on him, a hand reaching for Dean, finally resting on his thighs. Dean trembled, unable to hide his own eagerness, leaning against the pillows and spreading his legs. He opened the bottle and slicked up his fingers, eyes fixed on Cas the entire time.
Their phones were taken away the moment they stepped into Angel Valley because Michael despises modern technology (of course), but Dean managed to hide one of his spare burner phones inside his underwear bag. He makes the call with Cas plastered to his side, silent and expectant as the phone rings once, twice--
“Am I?” Cas raises an eyebrow when Dean steals another glance at him. He doesn’t know if he’s teasing him, or if Dean’s weak flirting skills are working, but if he doesn’t get to kiss Cas soon, he’s going to be very, very sad. Devastated, even.
Well, the answer starts with using Dean as bait. Cas doesn’t seem to agree with this part of the plan, but it’s all they’ve got at the moment. Once they get their stake ready, they wait another day so they can avoid looking suspicious, and then Cas sneaks Dean into Michael’s study late at night, where Dean will play the role of tasty snack. He guesses.
The room Cas books has two beds in it, divided by a nightstand and a lamp. Cas dumps his duffel between the beds and disappears to the bathroom, closing the door with a soft click.
Fucking asshole had only given Dean more proof that he had always been fundamentally broken. But seeing Cas visibly slumped and defeated after such a shitty experience gave him the necessary fuel to draw him out of a possible spiral of
He puts on a good face in front of the children, but it’s tiring to pretend that you’re happy when you were truly
, the small baby in his arms starts to blink awake, light-blue eyes wide and confused, a little all-too-familiar frown on his face.
“Dean,” Cas grabbed him by the shoulders. “You’ll be okay here. This is your chance to live a new life. It’s what Sam wanted for you.”
That’s when it hits him like a freight train. The idea that Cas won’t be there anymore, to fill the emptiness that lives in Dean. That Dean could die at any moment, in some random hunt and nobody would find out, because nobody would care enough to find out. At some point during his… acquaintanceship with Cas, Dean lowered his walls and became stupid enough to believe that he had found something permanent. That he and Cas would hunt, free on the open road until that way of living became unsustainable and they finally settled down. Dean’s never had a home, but he makes homes out of people.
, the moment Cas pulls his fingers out and quickly unzips his jeans to pull himself out, his thick, long cock dripping precome, he knows he’s lost. He sinks into Dean’s ass in one long, mind-meltingly good stroke, Dean sobs so much with pleasure that he doesn’t give a fuck about anything else but wanting Cas all over him, clinging onto his shoulders as Cas starts pounding into him, cornering him against the backseat, his fingers digging into one of Dean’s thighs.
Her eyes shine as she smiles, and the hope Dean sees there makes her look younger. Something sinks in his stomach, but he manages a trembling smile for her. There’s something there. Something that isn’t right, and Dean absolutely hates the feeling in his gut.
“I’m sorry,” Cas says, brushing his fingers across Dean’s cheekbone, a touch so gentle it’s barely there. “Every time I see you wield a weapon, the way you make connections in your head, all that knowledge you have… I keep forgetting that you’ve been doing this all your life.”
The mill sits between the river and a small barn that’s seen better days and now looks ready to fall apart. As soon as they step inside, Dean starts sneezing. His eyes feel watery and his nose is itchy and yeah, once he hears a loud meow, Dean turns to see the culprit. The barn looks like a cat speakeasy if cats were paws deep in contraband. There are so many that Dean can’t count them, and it’s not the first time he’s noticed them. His eyes started to water as soon as he crossed the gates the day before.
“Nothing’s wrong,” Cas says, jaw clenched shut. He opens the car door and slides into the shotgun seat without a word, refusing to say anything else, not even when they start driving. Dean cranks up the music just to deal with the uncomfortable silence until Cas finally falls asleep in his seat. The tight lines of Cas’ face disappear in his sleep, and something heavy and tight settles in Dean’s chest when he looks over at Cas’ peaceful face, thinking about all the puzzle pieces he’s missing.
“Cas,” Dean hisses, a surge of panic taking over his brain. “Cas, we can’t-- we should-- we need to stop this.”
("We aren't Bonnie and Clyde or whatever you think we are, Dean," Lee shouts, looking like he is at the end of his rope, wild and frantic and ready to break. "That's not our life, that's never going to be our life. We're just two miserable bastards stuck on the least rewarding road trip we'll ever make, and I'm so sick of this shit, Dean. I'm sick of monsters, and I'm sick of playing hero. I’m out.”)
(And those are the most dangerous moments, too. The moments where Dean forgets himself and plays footsie with Cas under the table, knowing that no one is there to look at them, that they don’t have to pretend to be in love. Dean’s always left feeling hollow, afterward, trying to put himself back together, putting a lid on whatever crazy idea he gets of Cas feeling the same as him.)
Dean guesses he could look around for one of those bars geared towards hunters that his dad mostly avoided since he kept pissing everyone off. Ask around in some sort of… smartly coded message. He’s so busy trying to come up with something clever, that he almost misses it when a guy sits right next to him at the bar, asking the bartender for a stout.
“We were supposed to run away together. Her, her girlfriend, and me. But Anael ended up staying behind… our plan didn’t work. Ruby was found retrieving their backpack from Anael’s room, and we were going to get caught, so Anael stayed behind to help her. And I ran,” Cas confesses, face pinching with what Dean recognizes as the crushing weight of guilt.
Dean wishes he had asked. But he’s stuck now, with a child he was never destined to raise, and a nightly rerun of his and Cas’ best hits, with no end in sight. Jack needs Dean like no one has needed him in a long time, not since Sam himself was a small baby.
“Fucking cats,” Dean mutters, leaving the bed in order to look for Cas. His side of the bed hasn’t been touched (except for the sneaky cat) and he’s not in the kitchen when he goes there. There aren’t any dirty dishes, so Cas didn’t have any breakfast.
It was almost midnight by the time they returned to the shitty motel room Dean had booked earlier, and the smell of the sleazy strip club was just starting to dissipate from Dean's nose. He switched on the light, and the light bulb flickered twice before dying, drowning the room in darkness.
There’s an old lady standing in front of one of the cabins, frowning at her front steps with a grumpy face. If things could be fixed by sheer determination and the power of annoyance, she’d have already solved her problem. One of the steps has a small hole in it, Dean notices, and a humble case of tools rests next to the lady’s feet.
“Cas, it wasn’t your fault.” Dean breathes deeply, rolling onto his back, staring at the ceiling instead. “It was a shitty situation, man.”
Finally, after he’s sure that his nostrils are about to fall off his face, Anael shows up, followed by her girlfriend. Ruby is a grumpy looking brunette with perfect eyebrows and what looks like a permanent pout. She’s wearing the same shapeless, plain tunic as Anael, but hers is a soft pink. It doesn’t suit her at all.
, help me understand why—I know you want Mom back. And I know you want Cas back, too,” Sam pleads, eyes big and watery and looking too pitiful. And Dean feels like he’s about to win the Shittiest Brother Award because he can’t deal with that bullshit.
Cas is just the guy who raids libraries for research with Dean, sits on the floor next to him to clean their weapons. The guy who provides backup and dry humor. The guy Dean has sex with. If Dean’s dying to unravel all the things Cas keeps close to his chest, well, that’s his own problem.
“How was I supposed to know that you’d traumatize that poor stripper?” Dean huffed, not even making an effort to move away from Cas.
A familiar sense of disappointment starts to choke him, the same from his lonely wedding night, and he picks up his clothes from the floor, angrily getting dressed before he abandons Cas’ room. He hopes to see him at breakfast but once Dean goes to the dining room, Cas isn’t at the table. He’s nowhere to be found.
That’s all Cas seems to need. He leans down, crowding Dean against the bed and grabbing his thighs, his mouth just inches away from Dean’s, and starts thrusting hard and deep, mouthing at the corner of Dean’s lips, going as fast and rough as Dean begs him, only looking away from Dean’s eyes to stare at the desperate way Dean’s fisting his own cock.
He runs his hands down Cas’ firm chest in wonder until Cas pushes him back so Dean’s laying on his back again. He sucks a bruise into Dean’s neck, then another near a nipple. He licks them and kisses them until they peak, until Dean’s arching his back and making embarrassing noises.
“Indeed.” Michael stops smiling, looking dead serious as he rests his annoying paws on Cas’s shoulders. “At last, the prodigal son returns. And he’s not alone,” he focuses on Dean, then, and something in the intense way Michael is looking at him manages to send a chill down Dean’s spine, his eyes looking him up and down, taking him in.
“Dean… I don’t think Michael was lying about your soul. I think he covets it, precisely because it’s so bright and good. Because you’re someone
“Y’know, Cas… all work and no play makes you a dull boy,” Dean says, quickly cringing to himself. He’s never been good at flirting with men, there’s something about them that constantly throws Dean off his game.
They stay like that, breathing together, Cas sitting and Dean kneeling until his eyelids start to feel heavy, and Dean clumsily climbs into the bed, naked from the waist down. “That was good,” he says.
“Hey, yourself,” Dean smiles, looking every inch the idiot in love that he is. “Ready to blow this popsicle stand?”
Cas’ clutches him tight against his chest, coming with a soft gasp, spilling deep into Dean’s body, stealing a clumsy kiss from his lips. Dean follows right after, clenching around Cas and greedily trying to keep him inside. He doesn’t allow Cas to pull out right away and they sit there, holding each other and panting, trading lazy kisses.
Cas nodded, eyes darker than ever, and Dean reached behind him to grab Cas’ cock so he could slowly guide him inside. Dean sank onto him with a low groan, going still the moment Cas bottomed out. He was thicker than he had predicted, and there was a bitch of a stretch, but Dean loved it.
Cas’ rough voice is enough to make his heartbeat skyrocket and soon, dizzy and still sore, Dean moves clumsily into a sitting position.
“I don’t know,” Dean answers truthfully. “I was being serious when I said that this is all I’ve ever known.”
“Says who,” Dean snorts, also pouring himself a cup of coffee. He wants to mention that Cas looks pretty grumpy for someone who got a really good blowjob last night but refrains from doing so. They haven’t talked about the whole… sleeping-together-again thing, and Dean isn’t sure if he should be the one to bring it up. Still, there’s something about how soft Cas looks in the mornings… how sweet he is when he’s grumpy and sleep-rumpled… it forces Dean to entertain the possibility of asking Cas if maybe, after this entire mess is over, they could try to go back to what they were (or maybe, become something
“Hiya, dwarfs,” Dean puts his hands on his hips, trying to hold back a smile. “How about you ask me to go outside the next time before you sneak out of the castle, hm?”
Jo asked him to get more basil from the garden, swatting him on the ass with a kitchen cloth, her loud laugh drowned out by the cooks’ frantic conversations. Annoyed, and mumbling about ungrateful little sisters, Dean grabbed his basket and took the backdoor leading to the garden, only to discover someone crouching between the huge watermelons and some bushes.
“I bet your dad would have enjoyed this, uh?” Dean whispers, looking at the small picture of Cas he put on his desk, right next to the picture of his mom. “Wanna see him, uh? Look, that’s him,” he tells Jack, pointing at the picture. It’s just a fake FBI ID and Cas looks like shit (somehow) in it, but it’s the only one Dean has. “I bet he’d get a kick out of this; he’d spoil you rotten. He’d have been good at that for you.”
“He put his hand through her chest, and there was a light… and then she was dead. And Michael was eating… something.”
Slowly, Cas drops the body and wipes his hands on a rag, then raises his gaze to look at Dean, an awkward beat of silence passing between them.
Still, as he sees Cas accept a similarly bone-crushing hug from his sister, Dean misses Sam the way he would miss one of his limbs. And if things go wrong, he at least has Cas this time. Cas, who promised him that he would stay by his side. Cas, who told Dean that he had irrevocably fallen in love with him. Cas, whose kisses promise that there’s more to life than just saving people and hunting things.
“Or both,” Anael says, “Michael never does anything without a reason, and he has a vested interest in making the community grow. If he didn’t protest you being with Dean, then it’s because something about your situation can be beneficial to him.”
He presses a kiss to Cas’ hair, which makes him straighten up and look at Dean with an adorably confused stare. Heart beating fast, Dean leans in for a kiss, and when Cas doesn’t object to it, Dean slides his tongue right in, licking into Cas’ hot mouth.
Dean closed his eyes to chase away the tears, and when he opened them again, Cas was gone, a single black feather resting in front of Dean’s feet.
He walks down the hallway to see the rest of the place, pausing to check the bathroom, which is also nice, if a little small. The next stop on the tour includes the only bedroom in the house and that’s when Dean has to stop and do a double-take, because there’s. Only one bed.
When he’s back at their room, Cas is passed out under the covers, hair sleep-messy and back still facing the door, because he clearly hasn’t learned enough Hunting 101.
“Dean,” Cas says, voice sharp. “You’re his parent, too. You’ve been taking care of him since the day he was born.”
His chest constricts at the thought, and Dean tells himself to pay attention to what he’s doing, to drive away from the terrible thoughts before he’s breaking into the liquor cabinet. A hand on his shoulder snaps him out of it, and he turns to look at Sam, who’s frowning at him in concern.
Once he’s done cleaning the wound, he soaks some clean gauze with the saline solution he keeps for this sort of thing, preparing the wound for suturing. He threads the needle before Cas’ impatient eyes and gets close to Cas’ thigh so he can see better once he starts stitching.
“You won’t like the answer to those questions,” Cas retorts, head lowered to the floor. It’s like he’s unable to look at Dean’s face.
And so, Dean changes diapers and sings soft lullabies. He tests warm milk on his inner wrists and goes on supply runs while wearing a sling with Jack napping in it. What starts as an obligation, as a duty he had to fulfill (for
“Your brother has a fuckton of useless books,” Dean whines, letting himself fall into a comfy armchair. Sadly, he miscalculates and ends up falling on his ass, right on top of some boxes that were stacked up next to the chair. Cas laughs so hard that he starts wheezing, and Dean sends him a murder glare. “Stop laughing at me and come help me, you asshole. Fucking boxes…”
, Dean thought, before he could control himself. In the dark, he could trace the line of Cas’ strong shoulders, the shape of his long, elegant nose and his strong, masculine jaw.
They’re laying next to each other, close enough for their noses to touch, naked and freshly clean after sharing a hot shower and a couple of fast blowjobs. Dean is tracing the line of one of Cas’ biceps, feeling the strong muscle under his fingertips, their legs tangled together under the covers.
but then Cas is pulling him towards him, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist, resting his back against Baby. Dean turns into a rag doll, melting into Cas’ warm embrace and laying his head on Cas’ shoulder, Cas’ lips pressed against Dean’s temple.
Dean tries, but the taste of the joint they just shared lingers in the roof of his mouth, the same taste from the day when Sam ran away while Dean had been busy making out with Eddie. Phantom pain lights up in his jaw, and panic shoots through his body as he relives those days of fear in a single instant.
Baby is waiting for him, parked to the side of the road. He’s not… the idea of going back to the motel room he and Cas had been renting makes him sick. Dean had grabbed all his shit and left hours after Cas did, when he finally managed to get over the shock.
“Right. Smart,” Dean fidgets, first standing next to Cas’ bed, then finally going to sit on his own. “You need anything?”
And Cas, amazing, stubborn, grumpy, compassionate, and awkward Cas, pressed a kiss to his forehead and promised once more, “You’ll never have to be alone again, Dean.”
“What the fuck?” Dean hisses. The smug bastard looks the same as he looks now, just as young, like not a day has passed. “
Dean’s known them for less than a year, but he loves them already. He’s spent more time with them than with his husband and so, he’s been able to get to know them better.
Months of being married, and they barely see each other. Castiel, too busy answering the call of duty while Dean takes care of his children.
Their time blends together enough for Dean to stop counting each month, for him to settle into this new life that he’s accidentally acquired since he made Cas a humble proposition. Dean’s hungry for every bit of information about Cas that he can get, craves every moment they spend at a bar after a hunt, waiting for the buzz of alcohol to loosen Cas’ stoic mask of self-control. But, surprisingly, it’s only after sex that Cas ever feels the desire to open up about himself.
,” Dean sobs when Cas pulls his fingers out of him, only to go utterly quiet when the tip of Cas’ cock brushes against his rim. He loops up to Cas’ eyes, so darkened by want and desire, and grabs onto the sheets as Cas pushes in slowly until he’s buried to the hilt.
He doesn’t know for how long he kneeled after Sam jumped. Hours, maybe? Dean didn’t really care. Time had become a concept that escaped him completely.
The woman squints suspiciously at him at first, probably because she’s never seen him before, assessing him. She gives up quickly, though, looking too annoyed with her damn hammer. “You look like you're good with your hands," she says, and basically shoves Dean at the stairs, then takes a seat on a stool right next to the fence. Looks like she’s going to be supervising him while he works.
Sounding grouchier than successfully fucked out, Cas let himself be dragged back to Bobby’s house and even crawled into bed with Dean back in the guest room. He dozed off while Dean stared at him, marveling at how vulnerable and human Cas looked, how warm and lax his body felt next to him.
“Who even drinks stout,” Dean snorts and shuts up right after seeing the stranger. His eyes are bright blue, and he has the most beautiful lips Dean’s ever seen on a guy. The line of his jaw is strong and elegant, covered in a layer of stubble that already borders a proper beard, and his hair, black and messy, makes him look like he just got out of bed.
“I don’t know,” Cas mutters somberly. “But this only proves something I’ve always suspected,” he slips the picture inside his jacket, looking weary. “Michael isn’t my biological brother.”
“Thanks,” Dean smiles through gritted teeth, unnerved by Michael’s wandering gaze. “Anyway, I’m stealing my husband away now. He promised to have lunch with me and I’m not myself when I’m hungry. Have a nice day!” He grabs Cas’ hand and drags him out of the library, trying not to seem too obvious. That was uncomfortable as fuck.
“Gotcha,” Dean replies, effectively letting the conversation die. He wishes talking to Cas were easier, but their nerves are clearly sabotaging them. Dean barely sleeps that night, contemplating all the possibilities, all the things that could go wrong. During a moment of vulnerability, he spares a thought for Sam, and wrestles against the desire to call him just to hear his voice. Sam hasn’t been answering his phone, something that Dean suspected would happen when John told him to stay gone. Not that Dean’s drunk and whiny voicemails helped his case, but he wishes…
Dean snorts. Castiel is the complete opposite of scatterbrained. He’s more… thoughtless than easily distracted if it comes to that. “Dear ol’ honey buns, always with his head up in the clouds. That’s him,” he quips.
“They know how loved they are, Cas,” Dean says, his cheek turning red with the liberty he’s just taken. Castiel doesn’t seem to mind the sudden nickname, but Dean’s still embarrassed. “I know they have a future role to fulfill and proper royal duties, but… they’re children, and I want them to be children for as long as they can. I care about them.”
By the time he’s ready to go, his mood is foul with anxiety and the remnants of his poorly repressed melancholy. He’s always been good at compartmentalizing but sometimes
, because there are people in actual danger. Dean’s not sure if there’s anything there for him to hunt. Sometimes, Dean knows, there aren’t any monsters lurking in the shadows. Sometimes, the shadows are just that: shadows. People can be as evil and terrible as the most bloodthirsty monsters, but Dean was never trained to hunt people.
“Fucking cats,” Dean grumbles before sneezing loudly. She seems to hear him, by the way her ears flicker, then she rolls on her back, exposing her belly and throwing a wide-eyed look at him.
“Jesus fuck,” Dean cusses, to no one in particular, and that’s when it finally sinks in that Cas, the random guy he met at a bar just two days ago, is a
Dean stands there like a fool in the middle of the room, mourning the distance between the beds and the inherent silence tied to them. They’re off to a terrible start, considering they’re going to the settlement in less than twelve hours, and they’re supposed to act like a perfectly happy married couple. Not for the first time in the last couple of days, Dean wonders if he did the right thing when he accepted to help Cas with his change of heart.
“But?” Dean asks, subtly. His foot nudges Cas’ under the table and he’s dying to hold Cas’ hand, to offer some semblance of comfort. But it’s not his place anymore. Cas made it clear when he left.
“Lube?” Cas slurs settling himself between Dean’s legs and running his hands up and down his thighs.
“No, not until it’s your time, too. I’ve been looking forward to it, personally,” she whispers, looking softer, even sounding awed. “I can’t wait to see my husband again. He was called five years ago. Michael guided him to the forest after we said our goodbyes. He was wearing his favorite tunic, the one I sewed for him before our wedding.”
But Dean, emboldened by alcohol and affection, cradles Cas’ face between his hands and softly kisses him on the lips.
“Morning sunshine,” Dean smiles, pouring some coffee for Cas into the biggest mug he found. Cas grumbles, taking a seat at the kitchen nook, and accepting his coffee with an unintelligible noise.
“Yeah,” Dean croaks, following Cas’ gaze with his own, holding eye contact as he lowers the waistband of Cas’ boxers and
“Okay. I’ll be seeing you two tonight. Behave until then,” she smiles one last time before leaving, closing the door with a soft click.
Dean comes like that, eyes squeezed shut, with a loud, stuttering moan, clenching around Cas like a vice, never wanting to let go. Cas scoops up the come on his stomach and thumbs Dean’s lower lip with it, ordering him to lick it with a grunt. Dean does as told, sucking and licking Cas’ fingers until he’s coming too, spilling hot and deep into Dean’s body.
“Goodbye, Dean,” he hears Cas say, because Dean refuses to look at him anymore. He climbs back into bed, sinking under the covers and pretending that he doesn’t hear Cas lock the door on his way out. So Dean can pretend that Cas never left and that his place is right next to Dean, in an infinite number of different motel beds, Dean’s head on Cas’ chest.
“Hey!” he calls, waiting as Cas turns to stare at him, his head tilted to the side with curiosity. “Fancy meeting you here.”
There, crouching on the dirt and looking nervous as hell, lingered His Highness. His mop of messy, dark hair was unmistakable.
“What do I do?” Cas didn’t have time to ask any deeper questions before Dean dragged him into a slow, sweet kiss. Cas kissed back clumsily, starting out hesitant and tepid, mimicking most of what Dean did, until he grew hungrier, firmer. He parted Dean’s lips with his tongue, proving to be the quickest student Dean had ever had.
The sun is setting, the orange sky making Cas’ eyes look darker, and he looks like a changed man. He’s lighter, somehow. Softer. More alive. More beautiful than ever.
“Uh? Sponsor?” Dean blinks. Then he remembers Cas asked him to pretend to be his husband, and he flushes right up to the tip of his ears. “You mean my husband?”
Dean considers telling him how lonely his room feels and how his bed is too big and too cold for him, but he’s a coward and he hates how needy he sounds inside his own head. So, he shrugs and chooses to lie. “Couldn’t sleep. What about you?”
“So, when you ascend… you… go to Heaven?” Dean raises a very skeptical eyebrow, but she doesn’t seem to notice.
Cas didn’t answer at first, but he reached for Dean’s shoulder. Gently, he pulled down his flannel and pushed up his t-shirt’s sleeve, uncovering the handprint on Dean’s shoulder. “I left my brand on you. When I pulled you out of hell—I had to give you a small part of myself in order to carry you out with me. A very small part of my grace lives and breathes in you, connecting us.”
“God,” Dean rolled his eyes, turning on the bed to look at Cas. “No wonder you’re going to die a virgin, what…”
Cas practically rips Dean’s shirt off as an answer, “Dean. Please,” he says, looking almost pained. He knows they should talk about this, worried by how hard Cas’ hands are shaking, how fragile his eyes look. His touches are frantic and rushed and Dean has to help him remove his shirt before Cas ends up strangling himself with it.
Dean stands there for a long time, thinking about the people who have disappeared, about Muriel’s joyful smile, about the ones who, just like her, look forward to Heaven.
Eddie was nice to him. They shared many, many other joints. He used to bring two sweaters to school and lend one to Dean whenever he felt cold, and big lunches that he’d share with him so Dean wouldn’t go hungry. It was the peak of romance to sixteen-year-old Dean, and they liked to hold hands and trade hungry kisses with each other behind the bleachers. Dean would make up multiple excuses to hang out with Eddie on his own and away from nosy little brothers.
Dean nodded, chewing at his bottom lip, legs starting to shake. “Yeah—fuck, I love it—this is called prep, it’s…
Cas jumps into Baby as soon as Dean opens the door. “Just drive,” he barks. Dean, still too baffled to argue with him, drives back to their motel, buzzing with too many questions, but not brave enough to ask anything yet. Cas gets out the car like a flash, right after Dean parks at the motel, and almost closes the door to their room in Dean’s face.
“Oh. That. Yes, Dean, I’ve been ready for hours, but my sister insisted on packing us as many snacks as she could.”
When Cas opens the door, a redheaded-hurricane barrels in, stomping around and pissed off as hell. Cas lowers his guard, body language immediately changing, shoulders slumping in that way that makes Dean want to drop everything and focus on comforting him.
(Because Cas did, didn’t he? He didn’t hesitate. Dean bared himself to him, gave himself to him that night. And the next morning Cas was all packed and ready to go. He wasn’t even going to say goodbye.)
. Look, dude,” Dean fiddles with his glass, shying away from Cas’ beautiful blue eyes. “I'm just... you're making me kinda nervous. And you're really hot.”
The woman looks impatiently between the damaged stairs and the case of tools. “Can’t trust that kid for anything, not even for a small gig,” she sighs loudly, shaking her head. Then she glances around, her eyes landing on him, and Dean knows he’s been spotted. Better put on a charming face. Ladies love his dimples.
Still, Dean keeps filling his time with small hunts that don’t require too much of his brain in order to work. He takes care of three other cases involving ghosts, and one particularly nasty ghoul that ends up with him falling through a window and having to patch up himself later. Overall, it’s not that bad, though it’s… definitely slow going, and he’s had more productive work periods before, but two more months go by before Dean can finally breathe without feeling like he’s running out of air, and that his chest is too small for his lungs.
him, and touch his face, and tell him about all the prayers and the things that he’s kept to himself. “Let’s get you out of those wet clothes and I’ll make you some soup.”
Castiel frowns again. “I don’t think I can—” but before he finishes speaking, Claire throws mud at his white, crisp shirt, Castiel’s eyes widening with surprise as if he should’ve seen that coming. Dean laughs, loud and delighted until Jack is leaving his side to pull at his father’s pants, trying to drag him to their pig party, which results in Castiel tripping near Dean and looking grumpy.
Cas presses a slick finger inside, Dean clenching around him in anticipation already, lifting his hips a little in an attempt to chase Cas’ careful touch. He begs for more and Cas gives him what he wants, adding another lube-soaked finger, pushing and pulling until Dean’s cock starts leaking, hard and flushed between his trembling legs.
to love Dean, not about loving Dean in reality, but it’s enough to rattle him into stillness. He makes the mistake of focusing on Cas’ too blue eyes and taking in the pleading look on his face.
“I thought we…” Dean swallows. “Why did you leave before I woke up? Why have you been avoiding me all day?”
“It’s too early for this shit,” Dean grunts, getting out of bed quickly, only a slight flush covering his face, and he locks himself in the bathroom to take a long, long shower and maybe jerk off. His erection quickly softens once the awkwardness of Cas possibly hearing him masturbate fully sets in and Dean gives up, getting dressed in his last pair of clean jeans and a red and black flannel once he’s sufficiently clean. By the time he leaves the bathroom, a bleary-eyed, grumpy-looking Cas is staring at him from the bed.
“I could never.” Cas smiles, raising a hand to touch Dean’s cheek, softly thumbing at his cheekbone. “I saw myself as a drunk who took advantage of you, but now I know that things were different. I should have stayed and talked to you.”
Dean’s fists clench at his sides, and it takes everything in him not to talk about the years he’s been honing his skills, the weight of a shotgun in his hands when he was barely six years old, how he had to learn to shoot before he basically even learned to read.
Legs shaking like crazy, hand fisting the sheets for purchase, Dean sobs openly as Cas finger fucks him again. His whole body feels like it’s made out of water, and he’s not sure that he can come again, but he’s sure that he wants this. He wants Cas to keep touching him, to keep looking at Dean the way he’s looking at him now: like Dean is the best fucking thing Cas has ever seen.
he can use and finds a bible. He throws it at Michael’s head, then grabs the stake and stabs Michael in the back, right where his heart is. Michael releases a loud, nightmarish screech and transforms into a cloud of ashes, leaving Cas and Dean to stare at each other in the middle of the trashy office.
“All right, Cas,” Dean says, flicking the light switch on and going to the bed to dump their supplies. “Pants off and sit on the bed.” Their room looks clean enough, peeling wallpaper and scratchy carpets aside, a faint lingering stench of cigarette permeating the space.
“Indeed,” Cas blinked. He looked like he was a bit sleepy, something that felt really rare to think about. Still, Dean snuggled up to him, laying his head on top of Cas’ chest, drawing comfort from his steady heartbeat and thinking that he could get –maybe– used to this.
even more. He gets a joint out of his pocket right after their latest ghost case, using the fire from the pyre to light it up, to Dean’s amazement.
“Holy fucking shit—” Dean moans, so loud the people renting the room next to theirs probably heard it, too. Cas pushes his tongue inside, then pulls back, fucking into Dean slowly, calmly taking Dean apart.
“Not really,” Cas shrugs. “Just wanted to say goodbye. And wish you better luck next time,” Cas grins, looking proud of his achievement. Hell, he’s faster than the Flash when it comes to hunting, Dean will give him that.
“Heaven was never real,” Anael says, tears quickly falling down her face. “They weren’t going to Heaven.”
Cas shakes his head. “No, you don’t understand… there were rules. There were a lot of rules. And I broke the most important one.”
He turns away from the sight of Cas and decides to wait for him outside of the barn instead. It’s starting to get chillier and he’s only wearing a t-shirt and a canvas jacket, but Dean doesn’t think this conversation can wait.
“Sorry!” Claire says, not looking sorry at all. Jack giggles. That’s when Dean notices their pants and boots are covered in mud. Huh.
“Well, that doesn’t sound like the mafia at all,” Dean jokes, but Cas doesn’t laugh. He walks past Dean and towards the house without another word, looking determined and tense. Dean follows after, grumbling about carrying their bags.
He pulled Cas on top of him again and ran his hands up and down Cas’ strong back, stopping right below his shoulder blades… something felt
They arrive at the farm while the night is still early, knocking on the farmhouse door so Dean can notify the owner that he’s going to be looking in his barn, just like he promised. The farmer explains that he hasn’t had the guts to go in there yet, the trail of blood leading up to the barn enough to keep him away. Dean tries to not judge him, as Cas does an excellent job of looking stoic.
Cas smiles at him, before going back to what he was doing. Dean barely resists the impulse to touch his cheek, chest warm and tight with too many fuzzy feelings. It’s like he’s regressed to being a schoolboy.
A beat of awkward silence followed until the prince spoke again. “I am. Happy. Lady Kline is a lovely woman and we’ve been friends for a long time. It’s just—I’m…”
“Yeah, man,” Dean braves, looking at him through his eyelashes. “I bet we could have a really good time together.”
He grew lonely soon, feeling so far away from the husband who won’t look at him or touch him. But the children are a completely different story, and that’s why Dean sticks to his early mornings, still.
Cas hums his acknowledgment and soon enough Dean is out of the room, wearing a blue sweater under his jacket that he stole from Cas, because Dean has been known to be a petty bastard when he wants to be.
“C’mere, big guy,” Dean beckons him with a breathless smile. “Not gonna break, you can give me your all.”
He goes back to sleeping his usual four hours, sometimes not sleeping at all, when he falls asleep in the middle of the library during a particularly long and frustrating bout of research, his arms on the table and his head pillowed on top of them. He’s shaken awake by a soft touch on his right shoulder, right where Cas’ handprint used to be, and he leans into it for a second before awareness comes back to him and his brain decides to come online.
Ruby looks even poutier when she talks again. “There must be a reason he isn’t yammering about Castiel finding a nice woman and procreating.”
“You aren’t funny,” Claire pouts, but she gets closer to the table, where Dean has been kneading fresh dough.
until there’s a noise outside that makes him go deadly still. Carefully, Dean lays Jack in his bassinet and grabs the gun he’s been keeping on the bedside table (recent experience taught him to stop keeping a gun under his pillow), and Jack’s baby monitor just in case.
“This isn’t easy for me to ask…” Cas says, crossing his arms. “I’ve been thinking about what you said.”
. But it’s been a year since the last time he saw Sam, and months since the last time they actually talked. The little asshole doesn’t even bother picking up his phone anymore and he’s tired of listening to Sam’s voicemail. Knowing Dean’s chances, his brother is still angry about the sad, drunk message Dean left on his birthday after he offered to visit Sam at Stanford and the kid gave him a solid
“Why?” Dean asks, voice barely steady. Vaguely, he notices that he’s only wearing underwear, and that he’s free of any traces of semen. Cas must have cleaned him after he fell asleep.
He needs it, suddenly, needs Cas' hands and lips against his own, needs the pressure to keep his mind
“Jack and Claire… they have everything they could ever need and yet, for a while, they weren’t happy,” Cas explains, shoulders slumped. He looks tired. “Their mother wasn’t happy either. I’m aware of the amount of privilege and riches that we do possess, but this sort of life… it’s stifling. My mother says that duty comes before happiness, but…”
“Please,” Dean held onto Cas’ arms, feeling pathetic and small, still raw from Sam’s loss and refusing to be left alone. “Please stay with me, I can’t. I can’t do this.”
The last thing he remembers before falling asleep is Cas pulling the comforter on top of them, and the gentleness of his lips on Dean’s sweaty temple.
“Yes,” Dean smiled, letting go of the prince’s hands. The prince smiled back at him, blue eyes gentle with gratefulness.
Cas takes mercy on him. “You did good,” he says, pressing a quick kiss to Dean’s knee, lowering his legs to grab the lube. Cas quickly slicks his fingers, laughing when he catches Dean looking at him.
“You love this so much,” Cas breathes, sounding incredibly awed. “I can’t believe how much you love it. How responsive you are. The way you squeeze my fingers…”
“Cas Novak. I sell insurance,” he says, and that’s all he really offers, but Dean is already interested. It’s been a while since he’s been instantly attracted to someone, and Cas is the most beautiful man Dean’s seen since… ever.
“Anael?” Dean asks. She shakes her head and beckons Dean to follow her. Outside, everyone is out. The sky is dark and littered with stars, mirroring the candles grasped in nearly every hand. There’s laughter and smiles all around. Some people carry flowers that they wave happily, as if saying goodbye. Everyone stops walking when they reach the edge of the forest, and Dean keeps looking at the crowd, trying to find Cas, until he’s right behind him, almost breathing in Dean's ear, a hand on Dean’s arm gripping tightly.
“Your maid is going to faint when she sees the state of your clothes,” Dean snickers. “You guys look like little mud monsters.”
Dean tells himself that he’s fine, that he saw this coming from a mile away, that he and Cas had never agreed to anything. Theirs was a business partnership, nothing more. It was about Dean (pathetic and needy) not wanting to hunt alone, looking for someone to cover his back, and Cas fulfilling that need because he was the only one available to do it.
Comfortably stoned, Dean thinks back to the summer of 1996, to the time he was sixteen years old and dorky as fuck around other kids. He had just discovered that he
“More people are starting to notice, then. Good,” Cas says, absent-mindedly. “What did you think about it? The
He leaves the kitchen in a hurry, a bitter flavor in his mouth. Calling Jack “Satan’s kid” feels unfair, because he looks more and more like Cas with each day that passes.  With that painful thought in mind, he goes back to the room and puts the bottle on his bedside table, so he can get a still sleepy Jack out of his bassinet. He looks at Dean with drowsy, confused eyes, and burrows into his arms contentedly when Dean maneuvers him into the correct position. Dean feeds him quietly, occasionally humming some Zepp. Every time he catches himself humming
“Look at you,” Cas says, sounding achingly tender, finally slowing down a little. It’s like he’s taking his time to memorize Dean’s face, touching his cheekbones with a gentle thumb, then running a finger down his lower lip. “Dean, if you could see yourself.”
“Yes. We’re married, remember? It’s the proper way to do things,” Cas snorts, “Michael wants me to take on more responsibility, so he can train me to be his right-hand man.”
Dean opens and closes his mouth, trying to make sure that his jaw still works, that it’s not wired shut again after his dad broke it. Has to remind himself that Dad's not here. He can hear Sam’s voice in his head asking,
“Here,” Cas throws him his jeans, but they’re so filthy and covered in mud that Dean ends up leaving them on the floor. He fishes some clean boxers from his duffel and flops back down on the bed just as Cas picks up his own shredded and blood-stained jeans with a frown.
The bartender snorts and refills Dean’s glance as soon as Cas is out of sight. “That’s the saddest thing I’ve ever witnessed. This one is on the house, man.”
“What? You didn’t even introduce us!” Anael huffs, turning back to Dean and offering him her hand. “Anael Milton, Castiel’s younger and much less grumpy sister.”
“True,” Dean snickers, giving her a friendly pat on her shoulder. “Go say goodbye to him while I make sure the car is ready.”
“What makes you think you get to decide what’s right or safe for me?” Dean asks tiredly, body taut with an exhausting sort of anger.
They do find a case. A suspected rugaru, two towns over. A week later it’s a coven of witches that takes them at least five days to dismantle. After that, there’s a particularly shitty ghoul. Dean and Cas work case after case with meticulous determination. Cas is the ideal hunting partner: clever and focused, in top physical shape and the owner of one hell of a sponge-brain, soaking in all the information in the blink of an eye. Dean hasn’t worked with anyone this quick since he and Sam used to hunt together.
“Well,” Dean grabs a rolling pin and puts it in her hands. “Do you feel like making a mess right now?”
Dean spent only six months of his life with Cas, but he likes to think that he got to know him at least a little. Enough to understand the nuances coming from his voice, to understand how uncertain and insecure Cas sounds right now. “Sure, Cas,” Dean mumbles. “Just tell me where.”
“I saw you through the window and thought it would be a good chance to talk to you alone,” Castiel says, turning earnest eyes on him. “I wanted to say thank you.”
Cas’ clumsy paws leave his face only to grab at Dean by the waist, pulling him closer, until Dean’s climbing into Cas’ lap, straddling him. “Where’s Jack?” He manages to ask between hungry, sloppy kisses.
“I can tell that you’re lying, Dean,” Michael smiles again, and this time it’s more sinister. More authentic. He closes the door behind him and Dean immediately knows that Michael knows something. “I can tell just by looking at your soul. You don’t want to be naughty, do you? You don’t want to taint it.”
“Michael,” Cas forces a sober smile, trying to fake some happiness. “It’s been a while. I’ve missed you.”
Dean spends most of the ride trying to get out of his own head, with Cas barely speaking, until they decide to stop in a tiny town near Salt Lake City, booking a room at a roadside motel that’s been painted a bright, annoying lime green. Cas grumbles about it, then complains about the moldy bathroom and the dusty bed frame but flops down anyway on the bed, immediately turning away from Dean.
He climbs in the car to take in his usual place behind the wheel, throwing one last look at the gates. They’re going to be taken down soon.
“I didn’t leave because of you, Dean. I left because I was convinced that I should solve this mess on my own. That Michael was my responsibility and I needed to atone for running away and leaving Anael behind,” Cas kisses his cheek. “But I got scared, and I ran away again. And then it became clear that I needed to trust you and ask for your help. And…”
Cas walks over to him, doing a very poor job at hiding his laughter, offering Dean a hand to help him stand up. Dean grabs it and Cas pulls him towards him, so they end up standing so close that their chests are pressing together. Cas’ face is so close that Dean could kiss him if he wanted to, and he loses himself in Cas’ blue eyes.
“And,” Cas takes his phone out of his pocket since he finally found it among Michael's hoard of stolen possessions. “There’s signs of a haunting near Sunnyvale. Want to stop there before we see your brother?”
“I need you to provide me with a motivation,” Cas finally uncrosses his arms, leaning forward on the table. “I
Jack doesn’t cry, and neither does Dean. Instead, the boy waves a tiny hand at Dean’s face until he offers him a finger, just to see what Jack does. Dean doesn’t know what he’s hoping for, he doesn’t know if the kid’s inherited the same inherent
On an impulse decision, Dean grabs his hand and squeezes it in his own, trying to provide silent support. Cas sends him a grateful look.
Claire is outspoken and bold, confident, and braver than any man Dean has met. Jack, younger and sweeter, is curious and full of questions, with an uncanny ability to perceive people’s feelings.
The man takes another sip of his dark beer. "Well, my opinion is that stout is good. The stuff they've got here is hard to find anywhere else, too."
“Brothers and sisters of Angel Valley,” Michael’s booming voice distracts Dean from his own thoughts. He’s standing in front of the path that leads to the forest, Muriel by his side. Her pretty white dress makes her look like a bride, with her grey hair down in waves. She looks so happy it hurts to look at her. “Father has called for our dear sister Muriel, and she, like any upstanding member of our community, has decided to answer his call. Muriel will now be reunited with her husband and daughter in Heaven, achieving the eternal peace she rightfully deserves. Rejoice! Do not miss her! You will see her again!”
“Not religious fanatics. A religious fanatic, I’m afraid. My parents are dead, and the task of raising me fell upon Michael, the leader of our blessed community. And my brother.”
Dean’s always longing, and Cas is always leaving and theirs is a relationship made of ill-timed efforts and miscommunication, of breaking and entering into their feelings. Of Dean, waiting but never asking.
Every once in a while, they get the chance to share a meal or have a quick moment alone together, and Dean cherishes those more than he should. Even when they're just discussing possible theories and small clues they've noticed, he's happy to just spend time with Cas. They're not moving forward with the case, unfortunately, but at least Dean is still able to try to make Cas chuckle at a dumb joke or force him to try something new Dean made for dinner.
Cas rolls his eyes at him, blowing out smoke. “Dean, you’re starting to sound like a broken record.”
Prince Castiel’s face softened with the fondness of someone who was, indeed, very in love, and for a moment, Dean felt a stab of jealousy for the future princess. Dean always found the prince to be handsome and sweet.
“Fine,” Cas bites out. “But we should make a few stops before we get there. I don’t want to rush out.”
Caving to the need of an arranged marriage, but not wanting to end up with someone chosen by his mother once more, Castiel put the word out that he needed a new spouse, a partner willing to take care of and love his children.
, Dean’s missed that smile. “Thank you, Dean. This looks great and I’m starving, I-- It’s been a long day.”
He wonders if John Winchester would have believed Michael’s lies when offered the promise of seeing his wife again and spending eternity with her. If he’d have walked into the forest, tears of joy on his face, ready to be happy again.
“We should totally team up for future hunts, we're clearly better together… And we can be hunting-buddies-with-benefits,” Dean winks, hiding how much this means to him, just to make a point and distract Cas away enough that he won’t notice Dean’s inner drama.
“Likewise,” Cas says, digging into his pockets until he pulls out a lighter and a small joint, lighting it up with a quick flick. The dim glow highlights the lines of his face and, for a small moment, Cas looks otherworldly. Almost ethereal.
“I’ll be right back, buddy,” Dean leaves his room with his gun carefully raised, walking slowly, until he hears the noise again and hides in the hallway. There are footsteps that seem to come from the map table room, and he silently and slowly walks over there, ready to point his gun at whoever has been stupid enough to invade his home—
But his silence gives everything Cas wanted to torture himself more. “I thought,” he says, the smile on his face bitter and sad.
He pats the dough, humming, trying to be mysterious just to spike Claire’s curiosity. “You ever baked pie?”
Cas shakes his head, suddenly looking so sad that Dean can’t bear to look at him. But Cas’ hand goes to his chin, tipping Dean’s head so he’s forced to look back at him.
“I’m done running,” Cas says, unhappy lines on his face. “When I saw that bloody beehive mural… That’s the symbol of our community. Michael was the one who tasked me with looking after the bees. I knew it was a message, and I— panicked. But people are in danger, and I’m willing to do something now.”
. She started rebelling against everything Michael believed in, and convinced me to look past Michael’s beautiful promises of paradise. She kept saying that something wasn’t
“Cas, don’t beat yourself up,” Dean says. “Look… I don’t know what’s bothering you, but if you ever feel like talking about it… I mean, I’m pretty bad at this ‘talking about feelings’ crap, but I can try. For you. I guess,” he adds, nervously. Cas looks grateful at not being pressured, digging into his food, but not raising the subject again.
“Ammit judges souls, right?” Cas asks, out of the blue, eyes intensely focused on Dean when he looks at him, making him squirm.
. Someone who drank while being cheered by strangers, sang karaoke, and stumbled back into a motel room in the middle of making out. It was a fantasy.
Dean ends the call with an exasperated sigh. “Okay. The blood of someone worthy. What do we need, a virgin?”
Dean's brain functions are still on blue screen mode, and he blurts out the first thing on his tongue. "It tastes like shit, man."
. Sam was the one with a shot at normal, Dean was just some guy with a lot of fucked up shit in the head.
“Late enough that you should be in bed,” Cas sasses him and Dean almost smiles at it, but he’s too tired to process anything. Without warning, Cas reaches for him again, running his thumb down Dean’s right eye, over the dark skin of a nasty eyebag that must look designer. “You haven’t been sleeping.”
“Don’t you want a reward?” Cas smirks, and it goes straight to Dean’s dick. Maybe he’s being a little bit too hopeful here, but he could swear…
“Sometimes I think that there’s no way out of this, y’know? That this is all I’ll ever do in my life. That I’ll keep hunting until I go down in a blaze of glory, taking some son of a bitch with me.”
“Dean, what a surprise,” he smiles politely. Dean’s betting his perky nipples that Michael is currently holding back his kitty instinct to pounce on his prey. “To what do I owe this visit?”
They limp away from the house, arms around each other’s waists, tense with exhaustion and leftover adrenaline. Anael and Ruby are waiting outside, holding hands.
Instead, very maturely, Dean hunches his shoulders and grumbles, “Fuck you, you asshole,” and turns away from Cas, walking down the road back to town, shivering in the chill of the night as he tries to ignore the feeling of Cas’ eyes on his back.
He remained friends with his former wife, and gave her a sizable castle in the Southlands, completely staffed, knowing that she’d be a good lady to the people who lived there. Many people talk about how, as soon as Lady Kelly moved out of the royal home and finally had time and space to pursue the things she loved, she went from being a quiet, shy presence, to a very happy and animated woman. The children visit her every summer, and she writes to them every month.
“Listen, Dean,” Bobby snaps him out of his upcoming panic attack. “You’re gonna need a stake. But not any stake. You need to make one out of a native tree from the deity’s place of origin. Where are you?”
A week later, having packed his stuff up after a newspaper published an article about some brutal animal attacks in a neighboring town, Dean makes the poor decision to walk alone through the local forest in search of a werewolf. The gruesome pictures of the strange animal attacks the sheriff described seem to fit in seamlessly with werewolf M.O., and several witnesses that Dean had spoken with had described a tall, bulky white man with a beard who they'd seen where each attack had taken place. But the most telling thing about the attacks is that they've all taken place near the lake by the national park the town is nestled in, where people have mentioned seeing the shadows of large animals.
Cas leaves the bathroom with his hair wet, barefoot and looking cold with only a towel around his waist. “I need to go get my things before I miss the check out at my motel and everything gets thrown out,” he says. Wrapped only in the towel, his toned muscles wet and glistening, Dean needs to blink a couple of times before anything that Cas has said registers in his brain.
“Shit, Cas,” Dean hisses at him, “what the hell, man?! Couldn’t you wait for me? You can’t take off without backup!”
He’s pacing around his own office, getting closer to Dean. Stalking his prey. “But bright souls? Souls so pure they can’t be contaminated by evil? Once you try them, you can’t go back. They’ll keep you young. They’ll give you powers you can’t even imagine. And the taste? Well, that’s the best part.”
“Oh, Dean,” Cas says, mournful, “I’m sorry I ever let you feel that way. I promise it’s never going to happen again.”
Not a word comes out of Cas, just a small and pleased humming noise. Next thing they know, Dean is being pressed into the mattress and Cas is nudging a thick thigh between Dean’s legs, pressing him against the bed. There’s still tension in him, his back is stiff and his kisses feel a little bit off, but Dean lets him take charge. He runs a hand up and down Cas’ wide back, nosing at his jaw gently. “Just relax,” Dean whispers.
“No, it’s okay,” Dean grunts, shying away from Cas’ touch. “You’re his real dad, you should spend time with him.”
Cas notices him watching and snorts, smoke accidentally coming out of his nostrils and making him look like a particularly loopy dragon. “When was the last time you got high and actually relaxed, you control freak?” he asks, passing the joint to Dean, who brings it up to his lips and takes a lungful. He starts feeling toasty and lazy in a matter of minutes, Cas’ question stuck between his thoughts.
“Cas,” Dean croaked, voice hoarse and chest tight. A chill ran down his spine and his vision went blurry. He was teetering on the edge of panic, and it didn’t seem like Cas had a chance to pull him away from it. “Cas, I can’t do it. I can’t do it. Not like this. Fuck.”
Dean definitely doesn’t think about the short list of contacts in his phone, of the number of people who won’t pick up if he needs them, refuses to think about the empty corners of his life that Cas filled so neatly.
Mournfully, Dean leaves the bed and looks for a bathrobe he saw in the bathroom when he was scoping the place yesterday, so he can start getting breakfast ready. When they entered the compound the day before, one of the first things Dean noticed was the freakishly long giant picnic tables that they probably use for communal meals, but Dean has a feeling that they aren’t used every day, so he’s just going to stick to their kitchen and… yeah, it’s completely stocked, which freaks him out a lot because they weren’t expected to be back at the compound but this damn house still has everything they’d need for it to be livable.
“You should get some rest, Cas,” he says softly, laying his head on the pillow and closing his own eyes. Cas makes a low humming noise and then his breathing slows, not long until he’s fast asleep. Only then does Dean lay his forehead next to Cas’ shoulder, slowly, like Cas is a wild animal that Dean will startle if he moves too fast." to show how precarious this moment is. The bed is too small for two adult men their size, it’s way too cold outside, and Dean’s never liked large distances between warm bodies anyway.
