The Emperor's green-grey eyes narrowed. It had seemed odd from the start, a murder that distinctive and nobody to blame. "No wonder he came here," Sherlock commented idly. "Is he fighting as a
have cheered, or perhaps jumped up and kissed his Emperor until they were both horizontal and gasping for breath, had he not been rowing as hard as he could to catch up with his confederate. The barbarian did not appear to have noticed the absence of his companion, though John could quite plainly see Small's crutch – and, a moment later, his flailing arms and shaggy head – bobbing to the surface in his wake.
, but a glance at his flushed, wild face and his curls sticking damply to his forehead with sweat stopped his tongue. He really
Her stomach… she had been clothed in a simple brown dress, torn apart at the breast but still covering her modesty, ripped asunder only to show the wound where once she had had a belly. When they had examined it later, once sanity had been recovered, it had been started by a stab wound to the side, which had somehow been inflamed until someone had managed to tear out her stomach completely, leaving a mess of blood and flesh and nothing that John had tried his hardest to tear his eyes away from.
John looked slightly nervously at the hound as it regarded him with baleful eyes. "This is Cerberus?" he asked slowly.
The difference seemed minute, and perhaps to another man it would not have been noticeable. But Sherlock recognised the intent behind it.
Sherlock smiled brilliantly, feeling his heart swell impossibly larger, feeling the time when he had believed that he did not have one vanish from his memory. "To us," he agreed, tapping their cups lightly together before letting the spiced fluid flow over his tongue, warm and full of sunshine. "To us."
Mycroft pinched the bridge of his nose in a gesture of extreme restraint. "You cannot know that, Sherlock."
Sherlock nodded. "If I were forced to give a reason for loving you, that would be it. Because I admired you for your style in the arena before I met you, and then after I did you turned out to be everything I have ever wanted in a person, all the habits and vices and beliefs that either complimented or contradicted my own so
"Who is it?" John tried to ask, but the Emperor was already sitting up, twisting away from him, his face scrunched into a petulant frown.
He hesitated for a moment, drawing a deep breath and preparing himself for the worst. He wasn't sure what he was supposed to be looking at, but he filled his mind with images of the bloody and rotten remains of a woman's stomach nonetheless. But when he finally did draw the courage to follow the Emperor's long fingers into a shady corner of the street, beside the refuse-pile of the house opposite, he squinted at the dirt for long minutes before turning back to the younger man. "What?" he asked.
him not to accept, when he had come to inform John later that the Emperor wished his audience he had sounded resigned, as though it was a foregone conclusion that John would do so. Holmes himself would certainly not think any less of him if he accepted. And himself?
"All right," he said finally. He could feel Sherlock's smile as he bent into another kiss, one hand reaching over to the bedsit for the oil as the other stroked down the side of his lover's face. "All right –
John frowned. "But you said he did not come in through the door," he said slowly. "With one leg, Small cannot have been capable of getting in another way, can he?"
The sails were only loosely fixed to the base of the mast, and so when the wind attempted to catch on them and push them forwards they flapped out towards Sherlock before the ropes caught and they stretched taught. Even so, the little boat trembled and jumped forwards, gliding smoothly alongside the larger craft and beginning, too swiftly, to overtake it entirely. John hastily drew his oar inside the boat, but it was not enough, they were going too fast –
the gladiator. John's eyes were closed, but he did not look to be in pain; he, too, was panting and clutching at Sherlock's back. Then he opened his eyes. Sherlock smiled. "Are you all right?" he asked in a whisper.
Sherlock blinked. "I am sorry? I just offered you a chance to completely escape, to gain everything you want from me and give nothing in return, and you are saying
The soldier at the door did not relent. John breathed a sigh that was half-irritation, half-relief; on the one hand, he would very much like the matter to be left alone and not to be identified as the cause of the Emperor's scream, but on the other, guards that took the voice of the man they were guarding as enough evidence that he was in no danger would be poor guards indeed. "My Lord, if you would open the door so we may be certain?" he requested politely.
Sherlock Holmes was sitting at his desk again when John knocked gently on the door; at the sight of him, the Emperor stood up hastily. "Watson," he said, his voice suddenly breathy. John smiled.
The boy looked at Tiger and shrugged. "We waited for a few minutes when they got here to make sure they weren't going away again. When we saw them get into the boat Tiger started running as fast as she could – you en't seen Tiger running, your Excellency. She's mighty fast."
you can see it is actually fresher than the surrounding sand. Someone has replaced the sand in this particular area but not even the street surrounding it. Can you think of a valid reason to do so that does not involve covering something on the sand below?"
Sherlock smiled at him; surprisingly, his eyes had dropped - almost as if he were reluctant to stop their conversation. He felt a thrill of anticipation.
Your mouth never stops moving even when I am inside it; your tongue strokes the base of my erection and your mouth shifts, sliding up and down the length of me, firm and hot and fast and I cannot – Sherlock, please, I cannot hold on, I need – your fingers slide from my hip down between my legs, into the crease of my rear, and the added sensation pushes me over. I shout but I do not know if it has words, bent over, clutching desperately at your hair until it surely must hurt you, watching as your eyes slide closed and your throat works to swallow my essence, taking a part of me inside of you forever.
One of the older children stuck a hand clumsily in the air. "Your Excellency, sir? I seen them. Saw them yesterday. Down the docks, sir."
Sherlock slowly turned back. "It has already been examined by a physician, I do not believe that they missed anything you will pick up on, John."
Wisely, the defeated warrior dropped his shield and held up his free hand in the signal for defeat, Watson's blades both pointed at his throat.
John tried to smile, but the lanista had already looked away, discarding John's sword and picking up the other one, twisting linen around his palms. "I am capable of wrapping my own sword, sir," he reminded him. Dimmock looked up, his eyes scathing. John smiled as the man thrust the blade in his direction.
, as opposed to "keeping" you as a concubine. I… I understand if the notion makes you uncomfortable."
, something that Sherlock had shared with him and him alone, a trust the curly-haired man had bestowed upon him that he could not break. Insouciantly, he looked at the lanista out of the corner of his eye and leaned conversationally closer to him. "Although, he did this extraordinarily interesting thing where he –"
Sherlock quirked a reluctant smile. Much as he disliked his brother, he could not deny anyone the opportunity to have what he and John had discovered. "You are my oldest friend, Lestrade," he said softly. "I want you to be happy."
He'd been expecting John, so he had abandoned the fancy livery and purple that he had worn for the court earlier; both of them were clad only in loose togas and loincloths. Sherlock reached his hand up to the pin at John's shoulder as he softly parted his lips and prodded at John's mouth with his tongue.
"But not the executioner," he was reminded. Sherlock blinked; he tried not to show how quickly the other man had hit the mark, but the big man clambered smoothly to his feet anyway until he was standing right in front of Sherlock, only the thick bars of the cage between them. "Once the two of us are in that arena there will be nothing that you can do. And if your John Watson decides that he wants to kill me with his bare hands… well then."
John frowned at the sudden downgrade in familiarity. "Whatever happened to calling me 'John'?" he asked indignantly, once again picking up the pace before he was left behind.
The gladiator's breath stuttered. "Liar," he replied, his voice slightly shaky. "It is the neglected genitalia of an old fighter."
The fisherman ducked his head, his hands rising to the ropes holding the canvas sails in place, but he said, "It is likely it will be too late, your Excellency."
, and John was right to need to protect him. But Sherlock could not understand what his hulking opponent made him feel, how badly he needed to
Watson jumped a mile in the air and almost knocked it off its stand. Personally, Sherlock wouldn't have minded if it had shattered. "Y-your Excellency," the gladiator stuttered.
The gladiator looked horrified. "Why… she would have told me," he defended in an almost indignant tone.
John did so, tilting his head inquiringly as Sherlock struggled to breathe. The curly-haired ruler smiled weakly at him. "Another moment and it would all have been over," he admitted. John kissed him to hide his smile.
"What? No – I'm fine," the stocky man replied, his smile this time looking slightly manic. Sherlock tried not to show any kind of alarm at his disarray. "Careful you do not take too many of your belongings, John, or the others will begin to fight over the room."
The gladiator smiled, and the warmth and admiration in the expression softened Sherlock's own face. "Well, when you look you
Sherlock looked at him in shock, and John couldn't help but giggle and stroke himself a little at the look on his face. Teasingly, he raised an eyebrow as if to say,
He grinned appreciatively. "Should I lose my place as a gladiator in your court I would be heartbroken, my Lord." The lanky man smiled back, swinging the cloak over his shoulders in a graceful, practised sweep that sent the fabric billowing outwards. John donned his own cloak in a less dramatic manner, smiling at Sherlock's drama. The Emperor fastened his longsword with the slow, awkward movements of a man unsure quite what to say. John empathised: how was one supposed to greet a lover on the morning after? Especially when one had been prompted to leave the bedchamber before the other had awoken, pressing a soft kiss to their forehead that they would likely neither remember nor believe?
“John, some people learn to be quite adept at hiding who they really are,” I should know. “No one was going to see anything she didn’t want them to.  Not even you.”
different—and I still feel just the same.  I think he might too,”  John sighs, hoping desperately that he’s right about this.  “On some level, at least,”  Harry sets her tea on the table, leaning forward to gently lower John’s newspaper.  She smiles at him—a small, proud thing—then casually ruffles his hair.
“Useful,” He shrugs and nods to his freshly opened bottle, feeling incandescently buoyant with possibility as he takes a cold, bubbly swig.
This final statement is met with a vast, vibrating chasm of silence.  What can she possibly say to that?  He’s said it, now.  He wants to follow the bastard into oblivion.  No platitudes or halfhearted begging from his nearly-estranged sister will break through a proclamation like that.  She’d accepted long ago that this sort of loss may one day be a part of her life again.  Now it feels as though she’s lost him already.
him.  Sherlock reels for a moment, breath like gravel in his chest as he rests his forehead against the back of John’s neck.  He has known this, on some level, always.  Known how he feels and what he wants in some abstract version of their life together.
“Unfortunately, yes.  Evidently there’s information on the flash drive that we absolutely must see for ourselves.”
“What’s on your mind, exactly?” He opts for a direct approach, watching as Sherlock sighs, setting the barely-touched tea back down and moving to lean against the worktop beside him. His eyes roam over the home that’s slowly becoming very much
“You, Sherlock,”  I freeze—a deer caught in the proverbial headlights.  Not entirely sure I’ve heard her call me solely by my first name before.  Sounds a bit—odd. Casual. Has she truly let her guard down or is this part of her game?  What could
—to press into his skull and his temples and his brow with deft fingers, all at once—so carefully and effectively.  With such purpose.  Even through the haze of pain, Sherlock had become instantly terrified that if he showed any outward sign of
“Festive,” John says, glancing at me with a small smile.  I can’t get a read on him—can’t quite tell if it bothers him that we’ll be together at a place like this.  Case aside, it’s all a bit on the nose, walking into a gay bar side by side. He must know that assumptions will be made.  “I’m fine with it, you idiot,” He says, rolling his eyes. “You know that you’ve got a rubbish poker face. I can clearly see that you’ve been worried about this,”  I glare. He’s been adept at reading my facial expressions almost from the start. So perceptive of emotion, a skill that I will never possess. “Are you—um—” He looks down, fidgeting with his t-shirt as he tends to do when he’s uncomfortable.  “It’s not too strange?” He doesn’t meet my eyes. I know what he’s asking. He’s concerned that it will be too difficult for me. Worried that being with him at a place like this will only remind me of what I can never have.
By the time Christmas Eve is upon them, John is nearly giddy with eagerness at finally being allowed to give Sherlock the gift he’s been plotting, in secret, for bloody
“All right,”  I say, because it is.  I understand—of course I do.  It’s just one of the many things he’s done to save me.  “You shot Hal’s brother. What do we do now?”
“Do you love him, then?”  John jerks back to the present, tearing his eyes away from the three little dots that have just appeared on the screen to stare at Harry.  “I mean, of course you do, Johnny, obviously.  Are you
He sighs.  “The man in the bag.  He was MI6. We suspect he was involved in some questionable activity, drawing the attention of foreign agencies.  It seems that he was approached--asked to become a double agent. He refused, and he ended up padlocked in a bag,” He pauses, looks down his nose at me.  “You wouldn’t have found anything, because there is nothing to find. All that would come of your involvement in this case, would be you landing yourself in a bag of your own.”
entails, I say nothing—wait for him to elaborate.  John is similarly silent, and Ben laughs at our blank expressions.  “The town gets pretty into it. There’s a boat parade—we grill out and watch it from the beach.  Drinks—you know. Fireworks over the water, of course. It’s fun,” John turns to me.
“You’ve gotten soft in my absence,”  Sherlock mutters without even an ounce of feigned venom, pinching the (admittedly thin) layer of fat at John’s side.  John snorts.  The truth is that he looks even better than Sherlock had remembered him in their twenty months apart.  His hair has gone entirely grey, and he’s learned how to style it properly, making him look undeniably distinguished.  He’s taken up running and maintained the muscle tone that the army had earned him, though most likely all that had been for Mary’s benefit.  Sherlock tries not to think about that, and has certainly never asked.  He knew the moment John showed up at his doorstep nearly two weeks ago, bag in hand, that he would never dare question it.
“So why are you telling me?”  He asks, not quite meeting my eyes.  “Why not just go? You do love to disappear,”  That stings, a bit. But he isn’t wrong.
In a flurry of spatulas and wooden spoons, we dance around the kitchen until our opus is complete.  We dine together--the three of us. All smiles and bright eyes. A different day, a fresh start, a new beginning.
“Ah—let’s try the stout,”  He smiles his warmest smile, fishing his mobile from his pocket to see if John has texted.  He hasn’t.
I glance over at John, sitting directly to my right, and watch him laughing with Harry and Molly, wildly gesturing with his hands as he tells them of one of our more eccentric clients and her lost tiara.  They’re both snorting with laughter, completely engrossed in his charming narrative. He’s magnetic. I smile and slide my hand across his shoulders. He turns to me, beaming, then leans against my side and continues his saga.
“No, we—ah—“  Does Molly know that he’s bought them a cottage?  Doubtful.  Sherlock does love the element of surprise, surely he hasn’t bothered to tell their friends—hadn’t even told John until yesterday.  May as well fill her in.  “Well, we’re moving, actually.  Thought we ought to get a jump on it, maybe start bringing some of our things to the new—“
John exhales slowly, releasing the gust of breath he’s been holding in his chest and sinking back onto the sofa.  He stares up at his mobile.  He cannot imagine the sort of person Sherlock would deem worthy of romantic entanglement, even at sixteen.  He wonders what he was like, then.  Brilliant, obviously.  Awkward, almost certainly.  He’s implied many times that he has never had friends, so this unexpected information opens up a whole new set of questions.  But he’s pushed enough for one night.
large room—clearly a workshop of some sort in a past life.  The back and left walls are lined with low cabinets topped with well-worn concrete worktops, similar to those in the kitchen.  There’s a large metal sink built in on the far left.  Beside it sits a brand new, rather clinical looking refrigerator—Sherlock’s own addition, surely.
This is where the doubt returns.  I know essentially everything a person can know about sex, without having actually experienced it for themselves.  I’ve studied human anatomy extensively—have a solid understanding of the process behind each—ah—method. And I have worked many a case where sex was the primary motivation for the crime.  I’ve even watched a few—videos. But my knowledge ends with the technical and the criminal. I have no practical experience—obviously—and the likelihood that I will soon make a fool of myself is high.  I’ve never
He moves forward slowly, eliminating the last few inches of space that separate them, touching John’s lips softly with his own.
“I’m sorry I never said,” Sherlock mumbles against John’s skin, sending an irrepressible swell of affection bubbling up through his chest.  John sighs, presses his mouth firmly against the crown of Sherlock’s head.
“I know how it sounds,”  His voice is almost pleading.  Greg feels for him, he really does.  His life with Sherlock
I wake before John, the sun just beginning to rise, casting a soft orange glow over the room.  We haven’t moved much in sleep—I’m still lying against his side, arm draped over his torso.  My face is tucked comfortably into the crook of his neck now, and I can feel his breath against my temple.  It takes me a moment to gather my bearings, to remember that this is all right, now. I turn my head, find myself face to face with him.  We’ve never been this close. I’ve never been this close with anyone. It’s a bit alarming, to be allowed so completely into his personal space.  He’s still sleeping soundly, and when I hear a quiet shuffling at the door, I glance over in time to see Rosie poking her head in. I smile.
, and nobody mentions ammo/amo.  Soooo no one has any reason to question any of it and Mary takes the blame to the grave.  Vivian can go on living her life in the cottage she bought with her betrayal.
The darkness has been replaced by morning light.  Yellow beams stream through the small window of the upstairs bedroom, illuminating the lines on John’s face.  Highlighting the worry there. Don’t be worried, John. You know this is just how I am.
“You disappeared for a bit and came back a mess,”  I was ordering shots, actually. Three of them, as I recall.  Top shelf tequila. John hates tequila. “You were rude to Greg--called him an objectionable halfwit.  You wouldn’t keep your hands off of me at the pub or in the cab home, ignoring my protests. You spilled your pint on the bartender--that was
Molly and Greg lingered until well after sunset.  John had gone upstairs to put Rosie down and returned (via staircase, he’s still a bit wary of the slide) to find Lestrade attempting (failing) to question Sherlock about the developments between them.  He was downright gleeful about it, by the look of him—leaned forward, elbows on knees, with Molly sat beside him—cautiously curious, as Sherlock crossed his arms and rolled his eyes.  John had quietly taken his spot on the sofa and reclaimed Sherlock’s hand.
As it turns out, a woman, or rather, a pile of ashes previously known as Esme Knoll, was found in her bed completely burnt to dust, save for her red stiletto-clad left foot.  It was clear upon examination that at the time the fire began, she had been lying under the covers, seemingly fully dressed including the heels. There were absolutely no signs of arson whatsoever.  There were also no signs of accidentally dropped cigarettes (John’s first absurd theory). And the oddest thing, perhaps, about the entire scenario, is that the burn was completely contained. Only (most of) her body and the center of the bed where she lay were burned through, the rest of the room unharmed.
“Do you think,”  John begins, his expression ruminative.  “That summoning us here and sticking us in this tiny cottage was her idea of a practical joke?”  He’s leaned against the arm of the couch, toes tucked warmly beneath my thigh, an open book propped against his knees.  It’s been four hours since I’d responded to her rather evocative text message, and we’ve yet to hear back. I’m growing impatient—would like answers to the many questions that continue to pile up in the back of my mind.  Perhaps she did think it would be amusing to place us in a space with only one bed. Or perhaps she’d thought we had already found our way to one another in the decade since she’d seen us last—she had relentlessly pestered John about his supposed infatuation with me, after all.  But she’d had it backwards. She’d gotten it wrong.
“What’re you having?”  The barkeep is a stunning brunette.  He remembers her from before—recalls her obvious soft spot for John.  She’d been quiet and kind, and didn't quite hide the fact that she was keeping an eye on him.  A character from John’s past, he’d been certain.
he thinks, smiling to himself.  The bastard.  John has been insisting his old one is fine, just fine, for years now.  It isn’t, really—it barely functions.  Perhaps another reason why he has been rather uninspired to open it and set fingers to keys.  He approaches the desk, noticing a folded piece of white paper sitting atop the box.
“Her own,”  I supply coolly.  It’s true, after all.  She’s playing Moran just as she’s been playing us.  She brought us here under his orders, and directed us toward him as an act of rebellion.  Perhaps the only card she had left to play.
John has gotten good at this, with time.  He’s found that he loves it.  Loves this intimacy, this connection, the feel of Sherlock thickening against his tongue, the taste of him, all of it.  This is an act of devotion, for him.  He worships with wandering fingers and the slow, steady drag of his lips.  He writes scriptures with his tongue and swallows Sherlock’s sins.
“A bit, yeah.  I got the impression he was trying to—say something else.  By telling me.  You know.”
He’d been there back when she’d needed him most—helped her to find freedom, given her a new start.  Sherlock sighs, exasperated.  “You’ve read the letter,”  He adds quietly, gently squeezing John’s fingers and peering back at him, willing him to understand.  John thinks back to her words, her steadfast certainty that they belonged together—
Instead, he’s stuck curled up and sulking on the sofa, where he’s remained all morning and well into the afternoon.  The sun never once made an appearance, but his internal clock tells him it’s half eight or thereabouts.  He will momentarily have some form of relatively healthful takeaway
Are people still reading fanfic in these odd times?  I've been hiding in the pages of Tom Robbins and Vonnegut, crawling as far away from reality as I dare.  But today I came back to AO3 and the world of Sherlock and found it pretty comforting.
I sit forward—heart racing, erection slick and straining—hovering and hesitating.  When I line us up, he lifts his hips in encouragement, so I hold my breath and push gently
Workload aside, Greg still hasn’t managed to be anything but angry with the man for what he’s done.  Angry and bloody guilty.  His mind can’t help but return—over and over again, a hundred times a day—to how badly he himself had buggered it all up.  Sherlock was not a fraud.  He knew it.  He knows it.  Why did he go along with it?  Something about the entire thing doesn’t sit well with him—he feels as though he’s missing some crucial element that would explain the entire catastrophe.
“God, you’re bloody brilliant,” John stands off to the side, arms crossed and grinning.  God, it feels incredible to be here again. Swooping around a crime scene, showing off for him.  His ridiculous praises shooting straight through my chest and deep into my thundering heart.
horrible.  Far too intimate and uncomfortable for all involved.  He’d failed to convince their parents to even bother to attend the ridiculous charade, and two of the five attendees—Ms. Hooper and himself—were well aware that it was all a sham for the benefit of the other three.  And on top of all that, there were swarms of persistent press stalking the pavement outside the chapel, shouting questions in their faces about what a fraud Sherlock Holmes had been, and following Dr. Watson all the way back to Baker Street.  Sherlock’s absence was certainly felt by all.
He’d crawled into John’s bed that night, curling up quietly at his side and dragging every forbidden emotion that John had worked tirelessly to suppress to the surface, disappearing before morning, never to speak of it again.  But John hadn’t forgotten.  Couldn’t have if he’d tried.  And now here they are.
John and I exchange a look.  I'd thought about the decoy drive at length after Mycroft's texts and had planned on trying to probe for answers as to why he was carrying both.  But if he wasn’t even aware that one of the drives was blank, then--
John has read and folded and unfolded and reread the letter four (or was it fourteen?) times, with shaking fingers and tear-streaked cheeks, by the time his train has pulled into the station.
He isn’t sure how much time has passed—knows only that he’s been drifting in and out of sleep.  At some point Sherlock seems to have tidied them up and fused himself to John’s side, head on John’s chest, fingers dancing through the hairs on his belly.  John lifts his head just enough to press a kiss to his temple.  A greeting, of sorts.
We find ourselves huddled around a small wrought iron table in the back of a stuffy café.  I watch John over my espresso as his eyes wander around the room, observing all the idiots going about their boring lives.  Letting the days go by. “I used to come here often,” He sounds almost wistful. “Haven’t been in ages. Mary would nag me constantly about spending money at a café when I could be making tea at home.” He scowls into his Earl Grey.  “She was a bloody freelance assassin, she must have had plenty of money. And it’s not like we had combined our finances anyway. Why should she care?” Can’t even begin to speculate. Never met the woman. I deduced fairly quickly, however, that she was naturally unpleasant.  Although I may have been a bit biased.
“Money,”  He says simply, after a moment’s hesitation.  “I couldn’t work only part time at the clinic and still afford all of Rosie’s classes—and the flat—and everything else that goes along with living in London and raising a child.  That’s all it was,” He lifts his head slowly, watching me through tinted lenses.
Sherlock wakes in the hour just after sunrise, glittering golden light flooding the cottage through the windows and the lingering, cosy scent of their long-dead fire wafting over from the grate.
Relief and hope and anticipation—an ever-upward sweep of sound that permeates John’s very essence, that saturates his spirit in a way that words never quite could.  Sherlock’s fingers fly over the strings, his arm saws out a melody so thick with emotion, so vibrant and alive.
I look up to see John standing next to me, waiting patiently for me to rise out of my spinning thoughts and exit the car.  He opens the door, and I stand.
“Well,” He begins, keeping his distance but holding Sherlock’s gaze.  “I’m in shock, a bit, I think.  And terrified, Sherlock.  And bloody elated, too, if I’m being honest.”
John is perched on the couch, video chatting with Rosie.  I hear their cheerful voices and mingled laughter as I prepare breakfast, smiling to myself each time they burst into giggles.  We woke up this morning tangled up in each other, having fallen asleep curled up together and holding on tight. His words have been rattling around my brain since the moment they slipped from his lips—causing scattered dreams of our mouths meeting at last—of my hands against his skin—and waking thoughts of what comes next.
“We were planning our matching outfits for the inevitable wedding.  Surely Myc and I will be best men?” I roll my eyes. Not about to discuss a fictional wedding with a very smug looking Harry on Christmas.
“I wouldn’t, no,”  John agrees, bumping his shoulder against Sherlock’s as they carry on walking, this time side by side.  “I’ve never known you to give a single shit about Christmas,”  He adds with a grin.  Sherlock scoffs.
“Starving.” The grin widens.  “Shall we go out?” I’m surprised at the suggestion.  The events of today have been world-shattering for John.  He’s been issued a demand to grieve a woman he’s just learned he never really knew.  Outside of our little cocoon, I’m afraid it’ll all catch up with him. And aside from that, we still don’t know if he’s being targeted.  Not enough data. I want to keep him safe, keep him physically and emotionally whole. He must see all this on my face. Ever-observant of emotion, my John.  “Sherlock,” he begins. “I haven’t forgotten everything that’s happened today. I’m going to have to deal with it all very soon. Right now, though, I'm going to focus on the best thing that’s ever happened to me—that’s you, you bleeding idiot—and I’d like to take you out.” He’s smiling. “Besides, you know Mycroft assigned us a security detail hours ago.  They’ve been outside.”
Come on,”  Heat creeps onto John’s cheeks.  He clears his throat, shaking out the paper and raising it to cover what he’s certain is becoming an unmistakable blush.
“It’s lovely,”  He says, voice a bit gruff.  He quietly clears his throat as his gaze sweeps over the shiny hardwood floors and warm white walls covered in Molly’s eclectic art collection.  The light blue velvet sofa and coordinating armchairs bracket the painted brick fireplace, crackling warmly along the far wall.  His eyes finally land on the towering bay window framed with twinkling white fairy lights, the illuminated city visible through the parted curtains and darkened glass.  “A—home.  You, the two of you—”  He coughs, smiling a self-deprecating smile at his fumbled words.  He tries again.  “It’s nice to see you both.  Nice to see you happy.”
Harry and Lestrade both show up just before two.  When we open the door, they’re both awkwardly fidgeting at the top of the stairs, standing a careful metre apart.  They haven’t had occasion to meet before now, so John laughs at the sight of them and makes introductions. Despite our explicit orders to not bring gifts, Lestrade has in his hands a nice bottle of scotch, and Harry is clutching a small, hastily wrapped package.  I roll my eyes and take their offerings when they thrust them into my hands.
Writing sex scenes from inside Sherlock's mind is such a damn challenge.  I cannot accept that he would
“All right,”  John mutters, cracking open one eye to peer blearily up at him.  “I’m up,” He adds, smile widening.  Satisfied, Sherlock falls back to lie beside him, dragging him over to spoon up against his chest.
And there is desperation in the way they cling to one another, but there is also liberation.  Relief.
“Shit, Sherlock!” He whispers frantically.  “We aren’t even armed. God, I’m out of practice--” I grab him by the arm and pull him straight back out the front door.
They sit in silence for several interminable minutes.  Eventually, Harry nudges his tea toward him and he accepts it blindly, his mind still far away.
I run my knuckles over his brow.  Slide the pads of my fingers over the creased corners of his smiling eyes.  Wipe the tears from his cheeks with a brush of my thumb.
John looks up quickly to find Sherlock watching him from his perch in the corner where he’d been dragged begrudgingly into chatting with Donovan and a few other officers about some case or other.  John had slipped away to the bar.  He’d only meant to take a few moments to mentally shake himself into remembering not to stare quite so longingly at the most observant man in London, but then Molly had appeared.  He feels a bit wrong-footed now, watching Sherlock right back, mind frantically trying to catch up with this sudden onslaught of information—this sudden feeling of possibility.  Hope.  His mobile buzzes in his hand and he hesitantly tears his eyes from Sherlock’s to glance down at it.
“I’ve found us a venue,”  They’ve been looking, sort of, but as it’s standard to book at least a year in advance and they’re unwilling to wait that long, they’ve had no luck whatsoever.  And apparently no one with a full-service wedding venue owes Sherlock a favour.  So naturally, John turned to Mycroft, and what Sherlock doesn’t know won’t hurt him.  “A conservatory.  It’s beautiful,”  He glances over, waiting for a reaction.  He gets nothing but a stunned scowl, so he pulls the mobile back out and opens the browser to the venue’s website, which John has been obsessively scrolling through in every free moment for the last few days.  He shows Sherlock the gallery—swipes through the images of the floor to ceiling windows, the towering glass roof, the sprawling tropical flora.  The place is perfect—half industrial, half natural—minimal, clean design but with an abundance of warmth.  Just like Sherlock.  It’s perhaps an odd choice for them, but that’s the point, John thinks.  They’ve each had a lifetime of odd choices that have led them to where they are now—why not celebrate that fact in a strange, beautiful space?
you been?”  Mycroft doesn’t dignify this with a response, just sits down to John’s right, pulling a large plate of toast toward himself.
“Sherlock had known it was coming.  He’d chosen the meeting point on the roof of St. Bartholomew’s—it was his idea to send you to check on Mrs. Hudson.  You were never meant to be there to witness his fall.  He didn’t want that,”  Greg is a bit horrified hearing this spelled out so bluntly.  Leave it to Mycroft Holmes to be completely devoid of emotion while describing his brother’s last day on Earth.  He chances another glance at John—his face is like stone, but his eyes are soft, slightly damp.  Greg feels a sympathetic pang.  It must have been downright traumatic for him, watching it happen.  He’s thought about it often in these past months, but watching John relive it now makes it all the more real.  An absolutely cruel thing to do to your closest friend, even if it was supposedly done to spare his life.  Despite Sherlock’s best efforts, John is barely hanging on.  “I’m telling you this now, Dr. Watson, to make it clear that there was nothing you could have done to stop him.  You’d done nothing wrong; it was an impossible situation.  I made a promise to my brother to look after you when he’s gone, and I’m afraid I’ve failed at doing so.  I've chosen to speak with you about this rather than to take more...
that I didn’t mean it.  And Mycroft is generally a good gauge for what sort of situation we’re walking into,”  He isn’t wrong. My brother and his position of power continue to be extremely valuable in what we do.  “He’s been quite worried, but I guess he’d assumed you knew something he didn’t. I haven’t told him we’re a bit lost,”  I sigh, stretching out on the couch and tugging John down beside me. We lie face to face, and I let my hand drift down his arm, then around his waist.
“Ah—hi,”  John says, shaking hands with each of them.  I note immediately that they’re both intimidatingly fit.
“I’ll tell them she and I were colleagues and friends.  That we dated for a bit, and that it ended. Which would have been true if she hadn’t gotten herself shot just before I could actually end it.”
“Christ,”  He whispers.  Sherlock lets out a shaky exhale, puffing his peppermint scented breath against John’s forehead.
“I’ve missed you, John,”  She lets go, squeezing his arm once before backing out of his space.  “So’s Greg.  We’re so glad you’re here,”  He stares at his shoes.  “Come on,”  Molly says, nodding toward the sofa.  “Tell me what you’ve been up to.”
“Hello,” Sherlock rumbles, breath gently ruffling John’s hair.  The crowd around them is shouting, cheering in a deafening roar.  Must be midnight.  He feels a light pressure on his temple and smiles to himself, wondering if Sherlock has succumbed to New Year’s tradition.  John turns, tucking his nose into the crook of Sherlock’s neck, tightening his arms around the man—probably to the point of pain.  He’s met with an equally desperate grip, the two of them clinging to one another in a silent declaration, the long-restrained warmth in John’s chest springing free and expanding wildly and irrevocably.
“I want to,”  He mumbles, shuffling in as John automatically wraps his arms around the small of his back.   “I didn’t think I cared.  Didn’t think it mattered.  But it does, John.  I want to tell them—everyone—and I want to give this a name,”  He seems to hold his breath, then—a sure sign that he’s unsure how John will respond.
“You’re having doubts,” Sherlock rumbles against his cheek, placing a small kiss there in the wake of his words.  John shakes his head, leaning back into Sherlock’s chest and covering his restless fingers with his own.
hovering, his face a picture of earnest expectancy.  A real question, then.  John’s expression softens.
I lick off the last remnants of our sordid soirée, tuck him back in and hoist him up.  He looks at me dazedly, holding onto my hand, as I tug him away and back through the door
“As lovely as this has been,” John chimes in, cutting them off before they can plant any questions in Rosie’s young mind about why this isn’t a perfectly normal occurrence.  “We ought to be going. Rosie—love you—same time tomorrow?” She enthusiastically agrees, and they say their goodbyes. Dropping his mobile unceremoniously back on the nightstand, John turns to me, fixing me with his gaze.  “All right?” He’s asking if I’m okay with them knowing—not that they really
“How will this work?”  I ask instead. Will he stay over only occasionally?  Will we alternate flats? Does he want this sort of thing every night, or only when the mood strikes?  Will we try to take it further, or are we simply bedmates now? Is he going to begin dating women again eventually?  What am I to him, exactly? Too many unknowns. We should have discussed this before.
John is staring at me intently, looking a bit uncertain.  Need to get it together. I stop the bouncing and the rapping.  Will my muscles to release their tension, if only a bit. “All fine.”  A hand on his upper back. “Shall we get some more chips?”
John inhales deeply, chest expanding against Sherlock’s side, fingers slowly untangling from his curls and sliding down to cup the side of his neck instead.  Sherlock shivers, certain that his duplicitous heart is about to shatter the walls of his brittle bloody chest.  Ridiculous.  He’s allowing his mind to drift into the realm of fanciful metaphor.  This clearly cannot go on.
“Hey,” He says, voice hushed but close, resting a tentative hand on Sherlock’s bicep.  “What is this, Sherlock?”  He stirs slightly under the heat of John’s palm.  John watches, waits for him to surface.  He wants to brush the sweaty curls from his forehead, to lie down beside him and stroke his back, synchronize their breathing, fold him into his arms and keep him.  John wants to do these things all the time.  He wants to do them even when Sherlock isn’t clearly hurting.
“This one,”  He declares, tugging at its twine until it emerges from the cluster of aromatic green.  He drags it free, standing over it proudly, hands on hips.  When he glances up, their eyes lock—Sherlock is dazzling and brilliant in the winter sun—and John’s a goner.  He knows full well he won’t be winning any battles today.
“Yeah, well.  Sherlock isn’t quite so easy to define.  Thought I’d scare him half to death if I tried to bring it up.  But things are different now that he’s back—
"Home," He'll know where to find me, then.  He stands up, and I follow. Hands me his phone, a request for my number.  Three unread text messages on the screen. Mary. His dinner date.
John had spent hours wandering from room to room, bringing objects to their intended destinations.  He found himself mostly focused on Rosie’s space—filling the shelves with her collection of books and turning the Bee Room into a proper playroom.  Her tiny wooden bed sits against the left wall in the Bird Room, made up in the new pink linens Sherlock had ordered to match the walls.  Just one of the final tricks he’d had up his sleeve—a collection of thoughtful items kept stashed in a cupboard, the most memorable being a new electric tea kettle, which honestly they’ve needed for ages.
“There’s something else,”  I say, watching his brow furrow slightly.  I’ve put this off, but now we’re in the final hours of Christmas, and it’s time I inform him of his gift.  It’s for me, too, really. For the both of us. “I’d like to travel with you, John. Outside of England. I thought Morocco, first.  Marrakech,” His eyes widen again, a small smile playing at the corners of his lips. “End of January. Two weeks there.”
, but I’d like to label this if it’s all right with you,”  Of course it’s all right. I’ve thought of John as my partner in the work for a long time.  Referring to him as my partner in life, too, is very appealing. I smile.
John has found sparkling wine in the minibar.  We forgo glasses and sip the small green bottles.  We’ve moved to the blue bed, sitting face to face, knees brushing.  Laughing, chatting, sipping our wine. “You were brilliant, you know,” He’s brought the conversation back around to the case.  “I hadn’t quite realized how much I’d missed watching you work.”
“Heard from her lately?” He’s still grinning.  Does he know she still texts me? Not sure how he could.  Long since destroyed that bloody ringtone. Several phones ago.
All the pent up frustration of a moment ago comes rushing back in, ringing in my ears and making my vision go red.  My hands fumble at his waistline as my lips consume his tongue
He’s giggling now, shaking his head.  “You’re an idiot.” I smirk. An idiot indeed.  My phone rattles dramatically against the metal table.  I swoop it up, put it on speakerphone.
It’s incredible, this—such a simple action, one that John has performed many times with many people.  Occasionally memorable, usually enjoyable, but never
“I’m all ears, Mycroft,”  They can hear him quietly clear his throat, pausing—probably for effect—before jumping straight in.
“John,” I whisper into the silver-gold halo of hair my cheek rests against.  He hasn’t moved from the circle of my arms. His breaths are coming slower now, softening shaft still buried inside me, and his wet cheek still pressed against my neck.  He says nothing, but slides a hand up my back to squeeze my nape lightly in response.
“It’s not luck, Sherlock.  It’s love. And it goes both ways.  I know what you did for me. I owe you my life.”
Trust Mrs. Hudson to inadvertently, indirectly and posthumously show him what he’s missed, what he hadn’t quite seen for himself.  But she was right about the rest of it, too—their bond is unyielding—and they have lost enough time.
I roll my eyes at this idiocy.  Subtle, Mycroft. Fishing for gossip—Lestrade no doubt hovering over his shoulder, waiting with bated breath.  Truly shocking that they’ve made it an entire twenty-four hours without mentioning it.
, no doubt.  A client got his feelings hurt.  Injected her with some sort of neuromuscular blocking agent and burned her alive in her own bed—where he was never allowed.  Almost certainly meaning to take the rest of the house down as well. But he made the mistake of leaving quickly,” I move around the bed, point out the metal bed frame.  “The entire base of the frame is heavy iron—vintage, and handmade. Our killer didn’t think things through, clearly. The flames burned long enough to turn her body to dust, but once all that remained was this solid sheet of metal, they died right out.  Flames burn upward,” I point to the ceiling, at the large dark mark directly above the bed. Heat damage. “Not necessarily outward. Fire is fickle. Unpredictable. He thought it would spread. He was wrong.”
pain.  Neither of us do anything by halves and I’m afraid we’ve managed to traumatize one another rather thoroughly,”  He pauses, carefully considering his next words.  “But we’ve made it this far.  I’d never dared dream you’d let me in so completely.  You’ve allowed me to love you without reservation, and it still surprises me every day.  Maybe it always will.  After a decade of holding ourselves back, it’s going to continue to be an adjustment,”  Sherlock nods, stepping forward and running his fingers through John’s hair, not breaking their gaze for a second as John continues.  “I want to marry you.  I’d like to give this a name as well—to call you my husband.  But it really is fine if you don’t want that.  This is forever either way,”  He pecks Sherlock on the cheek, inhaling deeply, wanting to get this all out.  “I do understand that it never felt within the realm of possibility, before.  None of this did until recently, for either of us.  But it is.  I’ve been imagining it for awhile now, and it feels right.  It feels obvious, really,”  He cuts himself off a bit abruptly.  “I love you,” He concludes, lamely.
They’d decided ages ago not to feed Rosie the lie of Father Christmas, but the element of surprise is still something worth holding onto.  They’ve tucked away all her gifts in Sherlock’s laboratory, and have risen early to leave a few on the foot of her tiny little bed and the rest beneath the tree.  Now they stand, side by side, waiting.
“I--”  How to respond?  I owe him honesty, that’s for certain.  But what if I don’t know the truth myself?  “You’ve noticed, surely, that I’m more prone to bouts of panic, since my return.”
Relentless with this blissful, leisurely grind, he begins to suck lightly on the flesh of my neck.  I let slip a long, low moan, feeling every muscle in my body relax as all blood flows down, down, straight to my hardening cock.  I am weightless, floating, helpless beneath him as he writhes against me, sets me on
He heads for said bar, off to the left.  Not a soul seated on the row of worn leather stools.  No sign of John.  He takes a seat, glancing at his watch.  7:13.  Greg is late.  John is later.
John fell asleep three hours ago.  Now it’s nearly four AM, and I’ve found almost nothing of use.  A history of disorderly conduct, records of his marriage to Linda, a sparse and neglected Facebook page—and a sister, who lives in Kent.  We’ll try to speak with her this morning, see what she remembers about Linda, fish for information on her brother’s current whereabouts. An hour by train—we’ll leave at first light.
“Honey, I don’t know shit,”  No surprise there. “Things have a certain way of happening around here.  You’ll know what I mean soon enough. I found an envelope of cash and clear instructions to take you to Hal.  I’m not about to question it.” I already know what he means. I’ve been blindly following instructions as well.  He pulls a black t-shirt over his head, and nods toward the door. “Let’s go find that pompous son of a bitch.”
"Sherlock," I glance up.  John is looking at me now.  Eyes boring into mine. Blue as ever, caught in the sun.  Bright and blinding.
“Not really, no,”  A long sigh. He sits up, turns toward me on the bed.  “I’d rather pretend it isn’t happening at all. But I suppose the sooner it’s solved, the sooner we can put it behind us.  And word on the street is you’re somewhat decent at this sort of thing,” A smile quirks the corner of his mouth. Cute, John.  Belittling my genius for your own amusement, how clever. “What do you want to do though? Are you ready to jump into a case?”
“She—so?  Why shouldn’t she?”  Sherlock only stares back at him, opening his mouth slightly then closing it once more, lips pressed in a thin line.  “Sherlock,”  John sighs.  “We’ll talk today, all right?  We need to have a conversation,”  His only response is a single nod.  “Did you sleep?”
Obviously.  She’s always chosen to live her life this way, clutching on to the secrets of those who wish to do her harm.
“That’s up to you, Sherlock,”  It is? What does that mean? I feel my brow furrow in confusion.  He smiles slightly, continues. “Listen—I’ve been kidding myself for quite a long time about what I feel for you.  I’ve always known there was something between us, but really didn’t think this was an option at all. And now that it’s suddenly on the table—”  He takes a deep breath, lets it out slowly. “—at this point, I only want to be with you—it’s up to you what that means for us,” Silence falls between us.  I open my mouth, close it again. That is not what I’d expected him to say. Perhaps we’re on the same page, after all—I only want to be with him, too.
after all.  I think it’s clear that whatever he’s up to at the Grove has to do with exactly that.  I watch him for a moment, looking lovely as ever behind the wheel as we drive along the coast back to our cottage.  We’d left shortly after breakfast, with thank yous and promises to attend tomorrow evening’s drag show.
I hug him tight, lips against his soft, fine hair.  I feel lightheaded with relief. Can hardly believe it.  I’ve knocked down all my walls for him and he’s accepted me without question.  He hadn't even known what he is to me. I never let him see, before. “John?” He makes a small sound of acknowledgement from where he’s huddled against my chest. “You should know, while I was away, I missed you like a piece of me had been snapped off and thrown out to sea.  I have a lot of regret about the way things happened, when I left.” He squeezes my arm, turns his head up to look at me, eyes shining. “I thought of you constantly. You were with me through everything. You’re the reason I made it through that experience,” He’s reached up to brush my hair from my forehead, silent tears on his cheeks.  “And because of how I left, I expected to come back to anger and resentment. I thought you’d hate me, at least for awhile. I was prepared to try and earn back your trust, to convince you to give me a chance. But every step of the way you’ve surprised me with a level of affection above anything I thought was possible. I can hardly believe my luck.” I swallow.  When have I ever been so forthcoming? This is what you inspire in me, John. He gives me an incredulous look, though his mouth is twisted up into a lopsided smile.
For now, though, here's a bunch of explanation in the form of rambling dialogue and (naturally) a bit more confusion for you!
“Bed?”  He asks simply.  I nod, feeling nervous.  Ridiculous. We take turns in the loo and meet back in my bedroom, standing awkwardly by the door, looking at one another hesitantly.  John smiles, shakes his head. “Come on, then,” He says. We climb under the covers, side by side. I lie stiffly on my back, heart racing.  I haven’t a clue what’s expected of me in this situation. He turns toward me. “Sherlock,” His voice is soft, steady. “This doesn’t have to feel strange,”  I turn my head to look at him.  Doesn’t it? It
He rests his hands tentatively on the small of Sherlock’s back, and when he’s met with no resistance, tightens his arms into a proper embrace.  He buries his face and sighs against soft silk.  He allows himself to feel some sort of relief—takes the time to appreciate the depth of this gesture, the profundity of this, of the intimacy Sherlock is suddenly seeking.
It takes but a moment for Sherlock to tip over the edge, spilling between them with a drawn out shout and pulling John along after him with clever fingers.  When his vision restores itself and his body feels capable of motion once more, John opens his eyes to find Sherlock sound asleep beside him.  Grinning at the rare sight, he tidies them both with last night’s discarded t-shirt and curls up against his chest, pulling the green plaid blanket up over their sated bodies.
He’s laughing and chatting jovially with the others—Hal’s hand grasping his shoulder as if they were old friends.  I freeze—Ben looking back questioningly—as John glances up, eyes meeting mine. They widen—surprise, guilt and regret all on full display.  What has he done? And then, a silent plea.
It takes us thirty-eight minutes to reach the address Ben had texted.  The drive, I will reluctantly admit, was beautiful. The coastline is quite striking—rocky cliffs and vibrant flora—all framed, of course, by the sprawling sea.  With John behind the wheel of our little convertible—the sea breeze infiltrating our nostrils and ruffling our hair—I’ve nearly forgotten the black mood that’s been looming over my shoulder the past two days.  As it turns out, they’ve rented a modern beach house, right on the water. Bright white, with floor to ceiling windows and an angular roof. Entirely different from our own little cottage, but rather lovely in its own way.  The moment we pull into the driveway, Ben and Adam waltz out the front door to greet us, blue cocktails in hand.
I'm not going to kill him off in this story.  I LOVE Mycroft, and honestly think he gets a bad rap (although it's extremely amusing in the show, and I wouldn't want it any other way) but I thought it would be interesting to humanize him and see the shift in his relationship with Sherlock.  I also will say that I've seen how an illness like this can change a person's priorities, and I am intrigued by the idea of a character like Mycroft finding some sort of lust for life.  That's it!  Thanks for reading.
When she cracks open the door, she finds him standing right there, as though considering whether to knock or disappear upstairs as he usually does.  When their eyes meet, he seems to internally crumble, so she ushers him inside without question, guiding him straight to the kitchen table and pushing him none-too-gently down into a chair.
Sherlock interjects, stepping back and removing his pants in one swift motion, tossing them casually to the floor.  John laughs, shaking his head.
I’m not going back.  How could I?  It’s—”  He huffs out a loud breath, staring at Greg for a moment.  “I couldn’t.”
The house is a standard cottage, painted red.  Two bedrooms, one loo, outdated kitchen. And a small living room that’s now part of the open floor plan they’ve achieved by knocking out a wall.
down into me.  His arms move up to clutch my shoulders, his full weight above me, hips lifting and lowering.
By the time we pull into the driveway, I am thoroughly regretting my moment of empathy.  The ride back was largely silent, and my mind is filled with the crushing realization that I’ve just signed John up to share my bed for the night.  Didn’t even discuss it with him, to see if he’s all right with it. Didn’t even consider what it will mean for
A long moment passes, she looks from me to John and back again.  Then her brow unfurrows and she shakes her head once. “This is about Linda, isn’t it?  Have they found her at last?”
“Do you know, John, that from the very start, you’ve always surprised me?”  His voice is low, private.  A secret.  John looks at him, thinks this over.
We shuffle furniture out of the way, rolling the carpet up as we gradually reveal the original floor.  When we’ve reached the edge of the room and have yet to uncover a trap door, I stand, hands on hips, and scan my eyes across the wood.  Where did I go wrong? I was certain that this is the answer. I pace the room, stopping to shift my weight on different areas of the floor.  Testing. Listening. Solid. Until--
I stand, holding out my hand.  He takes it without question, following me to the bedroom.  We silently strip to our pants and crawl beneath the sheets, joining in the centre of the bed.  Eyes locked on mine, he runs his palm slowly up my torso—stomach to chest, halting directly over my heart.  I love how this feels—his hands on my body. I love the explosion of senses that happens each time he touches my skin, always accompanied by a pleasant ache in my chest—and in my groin.  I’ve been dutifully ignoring the arousal he sparks in me—willing it away each time we’re close, knowing full well that he isn’t ready for that. He may never be. I’m not sure that I am either—but he has quite an effect on me.
“Already done.  The menu has been selected and he’s been paid in advance, despite many tedious attempts at refusing payment,”  The eyeroll can be heard in his words.  “I was sure to include the lasagne,”  Sherlock adds.  John’s favourite.  He smiles to himself.  Sherlock has taken a rather active role in the process, which isn’t altogether surprising, considering the level of dedication with which he’d planned John’s last wedding.  John has been spending rather more time than he’d like lately dwelling on those days—he can’t help but picture Sherlock prancing around 221B, bending over backwards to accept John’s terrible decisions and to make the most of them for his sake.  The cold, sharp regret will always be there, he knows, but it’s begun to soften and evolve into something more like gratitude.  It has twisted and churned like a bloody great lava lamp in his gut, merging with the overwhelming joy that now resides there and forming something new.
“What do you think?”  He wants to go. My ability to read facial cues may not be nearly as developed as his own, but I can see his eagerness quite clearly.  I smile.
But she had seen how deeply somber he’d become—she had seen that his entire world had narrowed down to John.
“There was a man,”  He finally says, gaze distant, mind apparently stuck in the past.  “A workman.  With Mrs. Hudson, when I—I’d left him in the lab, had gone to check on her—thought she’d—”  He cuts himself off, looking a bit devastated.  Greg has completely lost the thread of this conversation, but does his level best to listen.  “What do you remember of that day?”  John asks, meeting his eye at last.  “Was there anyone—someone who didn’t belong?”  His mind immediately goes to Huxley.  He
Lestrade presents a stack of paperwork that he forces us to fill out before he’ll let us leave.  Not that he could stop us. But John wants to get it over with, so I stay. Sign on the dotted line.
“Yeah,”  He breathes.  No reason to wait—he’s more than ready to leap headfirst into this new beginning.  “Brilliant.  Let’s go.”
John knows that things between them aren’t actually the way that they used to be.  He is no fool.  He is, however, utterly broken—a shattered fucking shell of his former self, trying desperately to remember how to be the man he was the last time he’d devoted his entire existence to Sherlock Holmes.  He’d been the happiest, most secure and sure version of himself during those precious months—and he is certain that he will never, ever be the same.  He is certain that the grief he’d endured in the following two years of hollow hunger has changed him into something...else.  Someone else.  He is certain.
Hal is indeed staring at us from his usual spot in the shadows.  I had almost forgotten we were here with an ulterior motive—was rather enjoying chatting with a friendly face while being allowed to hold John against my chest.  It’s odd to be in a place where such a thing is standard—normal. And even more odd is how quickly we’ve both become comfortable with it. John quietly groans when Hal rises, making a beeline for the stool Ben had vacated a moment ago.  Here we go again.
“Yes, John,”  I sigh. I’m exhausted.  We’d hardly slept last night, and this conversation is wearing me thin.   I don’t want to think about it anymore. Don’t want to hold onto any bitterness over this bloody case—over a woman who’s had no real significance in my life.  I can’t blame John for misinterpreting things. I had never bothered to correct him—and we’ve shared enough blunt words for now.
His lips are on mine.  A soft pressure, barely a touch.  Admittedly I’m out of my element here, but this doesn’t feel like enough.  I tilt my head a bit and lean up, palms cupping his face, increasing the pressure.  He brings his hands to my nape, holds me up. Don’t pull away, John. I want this. I part my lips, and so does he.  I don’t know where to go from here. We’ve paused, just breathing the same air. Slowly, he brings our mouths together again, sucks lightly on my lower lip.  Reverently. His touches feel careful, deliberate. He’s being gentle with me. Do I need that? Maybe I do. Maybe he needs that, too. It feels incredible, this intimacy with him.  We’ve barely touched and my heart is beating out of my chest, breaths coming fast. I run my thumbs across his cheeks. We break apart, stay close. I open my eyes and he’s already staring back at me.  We’re both panting, a bit. “Hi,” I breathe.
Blunt fingers clutch urgently at the back of the hand that rests on John’s belly, pushing until he can weave his fingers into the crevices between Sherlock’s own.  He squeezes bruisingly and nods once, soft hair tickling Sherlock’s cheek as John melts entirely back into his chest.
A wall of rain batters incessantly against their sitting room window for the third solid day in a row, turning Baker Street into one massive puddle and obliterating each of Sherlock’s carefully thought out plans.  Tedious.  Inconvenient.
He hasn’t been called in by Ella yet, and we have a few moments to ourselves.  “How was it?” He asks, eyebrows raised, face open and encouraging as ever.
at me.”  Did I? I did.  I did all of those things.  Sounds a bit not good when he rattles them off like that.  God, I’ve behaved unforgivably, haven’t I? Put a wedge between us.  Splintered our tender connection, perhaps irreparably--
After a seemingly eternal bout of silence, Sherlock carefully lifts his head and leans back to study John’s face, grey eyes darkened with emotion and darting obsessively over every line, each raised eyebrow and both quirked lips, before finally meeting John’s own.
“Why would it?”  He’s still not quite following—this conversation feels abstract, like they’re still skirting around the truth.
Something he was capable of when he couldn’t manage much else.  He hasn’t touched the blog.  That was an ode to Sherlock, a record of their time together.  Whatever this is, it isn’t something to be broadcast to the world.  Instead, he’d opened a Word document, left it untitled, hidden it three folders deep on his desktop—despite the fact that there’s no one around to find it—and visited it often throughout this isolated hell he's been living.
The client has arranged a private flight from Heathrow into San Francisco International in two days time.  No turning back now, I suppose. I pace around the flat, throwing things into a pile by the door that I’ll eventually shove into a suitcase.  My suits already hang in garment bags in the wardrobe, fresh from the dry cleaner.
Sherlock suddenly stills, scrambling to prop himself up on one elbow, tugging desperately at John’s hair, then his shoulder, pulling him up and away.  When John draws back his hand, Sherlock pushes him down quickly, immediately crawling on top of him, eyes fierce, dark and wild—determined and sure—bony knees firmly bracketing John's hips.  John watches wide-eyed as he leans to the side, returning with their bottle of lube and staring down at John with transparent purpose.
The sun has set, and I feel only relief to be back behind the closed door of our cottage, with no one to answer to but John.  I feel a bit unsettled by our reunion with Irene. She is not the person she once was. Changed irreversibly by love—and utterly broken by the loss of it.
“Ah,” Sherlock returns his gaze to the glittering sea, heart sinking a bit.  He shouldn’t have gotten his hopes up.  All this—all that’s between them.  John still doesn’t want it.  Doesn’t understand it in its entirety.
Sherlock is out of chair and hovering in front of John before he can complete a single coherent thought.  When he kisses him it’s with the sort of intensity that sends John spinning like a wild and wobbling top, leaves him gasping, holding in a sob.  Sherlock pulls him up and out of his chair.  Kisses him again.  This time gentle, easy.  A whirlwind.
Sherlock stands before the windows, outlined in fading late-afternoon light and staring right at him—into him, through him, straight to the crux of him—hair wild and eyes wide, dressing gown billowing about his form as though he’d just twirled to face John head on and never quite stopped spinning.  He looks ethereal.  Otherworldly.  Untouchable.  He always has.  John swallows.  Sherlock’s violin is pressed to his jaw, bow freshly rosined and poised against the instrument.  John steps inside, closes the door behind him, leans back against it and waits.
“Perhaps she was gravely concerned about the state of the planet?  You really ought to be more aware of your carbon footprint, John.” He huffs out a surprised bark of laughter, eyes widening.
He walks in a slow circle, the wooden floors that are found throughout the entire cottage creaking slightly beneath his feet.  He suspects that Sherlock left it as a blank slate quite intentionally—giving John control over his own space.  While the sentiment is appreciated, he rather resents that there’s a wall between them at all.  Eyes scanning the room, he tries to picture a bed against the left wall, perhaps a set of chairs in the corner.  A carpet, naturally—maybe a lovely Moroccan one like Sherlock bought for the loo.  A dresser, too—beside the single door that sits in the center of the wall to his right.
"He looks ancient.  I can't be seen wandering around with an old man."  I sigh. As if such a thing matters. As if I wouldn’t give anything to have him by my side again.  I’ve already given everything. "I think I'll surprise John. He'll be delighted."
“We know that you’re a detective.  A famous one, apparently,” Adam adds, hesitantly.  He waits for me to contradict him. When I don’t, he carries on.  “Are you here for him, then? Here investigating the Grove?”
“Reminds me of our first case, this place.  Hope,”  He seems to roll the word around on his tongue, as though he’s never uttered it before in his life.  It takes Sherlock a moment to grasp what John is saying.  Hope.  Jeff Hope.  The man who’d convinced Sherlock to gamble his life.  Well, one of them.  John hadn’t given this one the chance.  “I think about that day sometimes, you know.  I’ve never understood, not really, why I followed you there.  Why I—”  He cuts himself off, stares back down at his plate.  “You’d have been fine.”
“Perfect,”  He rumbles.  Then his eyes widen mischievously in a way that says he’s thought of something that will amuse John quite thoroughly.  He snatches the skull from the mantle and climbs back up the ladder to shove it unceremoniously on top of the tree.  John lets out a shocked huff of laughter, absolutely bloody delighted by this sudden macabre display.  Sherlock really never ceases to surprise him with his boyish outbursts, even now.  He sits back on the sofa staring up at the man where he grins smugly from the top of the ladder.
I smoked and ruminated in silence long enough for the sky to grow dim and the distant sound of the crowd to diminish, until only the cries of gulls pierced the dull roar of the ocean. I was so lost in thought, I did not notice Watson approach until he was nearly sitting by my side on the driftwood log.
Rather than answering with words, I placed a hand on the back of his neck and drew him down to me for a kiss. I knew that deep, wet kissing provoked him as much as it did me, and when I slid my tongue over his, I could feel, deep inside me, his prick jerking. I also knew that when he explored my mouth with the same fervour, he could feel my own minute contractions around him.
My arms were clasped around my folded legs and my chin rested on my knees whilst Watson washed my back. It was so wonderfully warm in the quiet, steamy room, and I closed my eyes and hummed happily when his scrubbing made my skin tingle, though I let in enough silence to listen to the sloshing of the water, seeing if I could tell by the echoes of the sound alone where individual drips and drops were landing.
“I’d like you to kneel here, facing away from me. Put your arms on the rim of the tub, and you can rest your head on them.” He guided me as I went, encouraging me to lower my head, to present myself to him more brazenly. It would seem he had changed his mind about taking me up on my offer right here and now.
When Watson was finished, he invited me to sit back and relax against him. I settled in, leaning my full weight on him. He put his arms around me and buried his face in the crook of my neck. I tilted my head up a little to accommodate him, and said, “I want you to bugger me.”
As I made my way yet further into these books, new fears overcame me, specifically in regards to the female sex, and the expectations for my interactions with them. My parents were not at all affectionate with each other, and whilst certain sections of the books made clear that my parents must have engaged in sexual congress at least twice in order to become the authors of myself and my brother, they had given me no idea that men and women were meant to interact with each other with anything other than icy courtesy.
Perhaps, uprooted from our Baker Street routine, and away from London’s millions of eyes, I might find a less guarded Watson, a Watson whom I might convince to take liberties with me.
At every opportunity I moved incrementally closer to him, under the guise of reaching for some morsel, adjusting the blanket, or avoiding a tree root erupting from the ground. When he noticed how close I was, he looked at me, and I can’t imagine he did not catch my knowing look which indicated that it was no accident. Not once did he attempt to regain the distance between us. Instead, he poured more wine into my glass after refreshing his own, and offered me the box of sweetmeats.
When he laid me down on the bed, I immediately spread my legs wide for him, and my eagerness made him laugh. He proceeded, though, making it clear that he did intend to begin with us in this arrangement, him atop me, cradled between my thighs. “I want to see your face when I enter you,” he confessed.
I held it, warming it with my hands as I regarded it, imagining what I would do if I had the opportunity to hold Watson’s, and take whatever liberty I so desired. I was inclined to do something with this object, to feel it on my body the way I wished to feel Watson’s flesh against me. Bold enough to proceed but bashful enough to blush about it, I opened my dressing gown, then rubbed this facsimile along the hollow of my throat, down to the notch between my collarbones, across my chest. I retraced this path a few times, allowing my mind to wander and my blood to heat. Then, when I grew restless, I tugged my nightshirt aside so I could touch it to my own prick, which was now quite stiff. I gripped myself, holding my own length side by side with the dildo, comparing one to the other, feeling at once humbled and aroused by how much bigger it was. I turned it around so that it stood parallel and opposite to mine, the way Watson’s would if we were face-to-face.
From there, I quickly assessed my options: I could hide under the bed, but the dust bunnies might cause me to sneeze and give myself away. There was a closet, and an armoire, but I did not know whether there was room inside either one for me. There was also a folding screen, which did not serve to divide the room in any way, only sat in the corner. Perhaps it had some sentimental value, which was why Holmes allowed it to take up space. There was barely enough room for me to crouch behind it – I had reached my full height by this time, and it was too short for me to hide behind it while standing.
Watson shared his knowledge with me, pointing out seemingly arbitrary patterns and telling me their names. While I did not consider the information worthy of storing in my brain-attic, I could appreciate the beauty of the stars, and Watson’s softly authoritative voice was an agreeable accompaniment.
“What was it you were just saying about patience,” Watson scolded him with a grin as he heaved himself up onto his knees. He tucked himself in behind Holmes and said, “You’re not nearly ready.” Taking up the tin, he opened it and greased his fingers with the contents. Then, just when I thought I could not be any more astonished, he inserted those fingers into Holmes, who opened his mouth with a silent cry.
I was enjoying a pleasant mouthful now, his succulent prick filling me, pulsing inside me, tiny bursts of his seed making their way across my tongue. I sucked more happily the more expressive he became, his whimpers turning to groans and his groans turning to words of encouragement, until at last, he heaved a great sigh and spent freely. I had not timed my swallowing correctly, so my mouth flooded and overflowed. I pulled away and gasped for air, just in time to see the final pulse of his spunk trickling from his slit. I immediately returned to my duties, lapping up what I had allowed to spill. Then I retreated and sat back on my heels, looking to Watson to see if I had done a suitable job.
I sat on the bed and looked at the tin for a long while, hesitant, but not so much so that I had any thought of setting it aside for another time. At last, I could stand my own dithering no longer, and smeared the cold cream over the tip of the smaller phallus, then laid on my back with my legs spread wide, my knees bent, and my feet flat on the mattress. I had not done anything like this before, but I felt I had enough anatomical knowledge to make a go of it. I clutched my bollocks and half-hard prick and lifted them slightly aside so I could fit the end of the dildo against my aperture. Blindly but with purpose, I slid it up and down until I could nudge the thing into the right place. It was slow going, as my body’s eagerness did not match that of my heart. But eventually it admitted the tip, and I breathed a sigh of relief. Surely that was the most difficult part. I continued to push, and with the help of the slippery cold cream it slid in, not easily but steadily.
I felt him shifting behind me, and braced myself for whatever might come next. I anticipated a pressure, strain and discomfort, but also the satisfaction of knowing that I had given Watson everything.
With some effort, I dragged the trunk into my bedroom, so there would be no chance of Watson or Mrs. Hudson stumbling upon my transgression. I determined that I could pick these particular locks without it being obvious to the untrained eye – they were in good enough condition that they were unlikely to disintegrate if manipulated. Also, there did not appear to be any seals or other devices which would give away my snooping.
I froze. In a moment, Watson was leaning in the doorway and his eyes were upon me. There was absolutely no way I could make this look like anything other than what it was. I could do nothing at all, in fact, but stare Watson in the face, with the dildo inside me and my mouth open in shock.
Was my meeting with John Watson love at first sight? Absolutely not. Though I will not say for certain that love at first sight is impossible or fantastical, I do not believe I myself am capable of that particular impulse. I did, however, correctly determine several things about Watson within a few moments of meeting him: those things I recited to Watson, which he catalogued in his rendition of the Jefferson Hope case, yes, but also that he was both a brave man and a sensible one.
Oh, that was what I had longed to hear! I clutched his sleeve and whispered, “If we make our way back to the cottage and shut ourselves up in it, will you make good on this promise?”
I proceeded with care, and even if there had been nothing inside the trunk, the click of each of the locks surrendering provoked a reflexive satisfaction in me. But when I lifted the lid, I beheld an exciting sight indeed: a dozen or more wooden boxes, of varying sizes and ages, all waiting for me to open them and reveal their contents. I felt like a child on Christmas morning.
Moments later, Watson’s eyes rolled back as they slid shut. He grasped Holmes’ legs, gave a heavy groan, and pushed one final time before he relaxed his tensed arms and thighs, and uttered a gratified sigh.
His tone was oddly troubled, and I sat up and turned so I might look at his face. Was it pity I saw? Was what I was offering pitiful somehow?
After stubbing out their cigarettes, they lay quietly in each other’s arms, but did not settle in to sleep right away. I had some time, while they laid there, relaxed and sated, to think about what I had witnessed. How playful they had been with each other! How naturally they had performed what I had understood to be the most unnatural of acts. My entire view of Watson had changed – never again would I see him as the bumbling biographer. He may never have come to master the science of deduction, but to give Holmes such pure affection that he became willing to let his guard down completely and give in to sensual desires, that was an art that surely no one else had ever dared to attempt, let alone to master.
As they turned a corner, however, out of sight of the docks, Sherlock suddenly found a hand twist in the fabric of his toga. In a flurry of frantic motion he was yanked to one side and his back slammed against the rough stone of an alley wall, and then John's lips were on his, the familiar weight of John's tongue desperate in his mouth, and Sherlock forgot his fright and kissed him back.
John Watson blinked in surprise, his eyes widening. Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Does that surprise you? I would have thought Lestrade would have noticed."
dangerous bouts at the Circus. And a whole new layer of responsibility, of course, one that John would relish. Sherlock could picture him planning new training exercises in the afternoons while Sherlock read over new suggestions from the senate. Could they have a life together, a proper one, a
"In return, then, I will do everything in my power to find and bring justice upon the men who killed your wife."
John smiled. "Thank you." He leaned back in and pressed their lips together again, teeth working gently at Sherlock's bottom lip. He pulled away as Sherlock realised his hand was travelling up to the pin on his toga. "May I?" he asked.
The murderer had stopped rowing when the sails fell; now he dropped the oars entirely and folded his arms sullenly over his chest. John glanced at Sherlock, who had raised an eyebrow at the criminal as if to say,
"But your time in the military gives you experience with, and knowledge of, a wider range of weapons than anyone else in the court," Sherlock countered, crossing his legs and placing his cup of wine back on the tray. "Lestrade believes that the only style of gladiatorial combat you do not have sufficient understanding of is the
John barely had time to jump backwards and avoid the blow; his new attacker did not allow him to recover himself before pressing forwards, driving a punishing attack that was steadily forcing John backwards. He had never seen the man before; a wiry, deceptively strong Black slave whirling a sort of trident and a small, round shield. John paused to consider the fact. This was a routine fighting exercise among the gladiators of the Emperor's court. There should not have been anyone present that John did not recognise.
And then they were there, standing perfectly openly in the street where Mary died, where he'd found her bloody and broken, where his life as he had known it had ended. Holmes was crouching over the smear of blood across the packed dirt of the alley that was all that remained, his hand poised above it, the hood of the cloak draped over his curls and pooling on his shoulders like obsidian. It was such juxtaposition that John felt dizzy.
But Sherlock smiled delightedly, placed the rope in John's outstretched hands and climbed back onto the bed, putting his own hands together at the wrist and resting them against the wooden bar that held the bed against the wall. He looked up, his eyes bright and expectant.
After a moment, though, he pulled his mouth away and rolled them over until he could carefully disentangle himself from John and with his usual unfathomable elegance step away from the bed, breathing heavily.
Sherlock actually snarled, ducking around Angelo and boarding the nearest sloop, snapping his fingers at the hapless fisherman, who dropped his net in surprise. "Follow them," he snapped at the man. "It is imperative that we catch those two thieving murderers."
it. He stepped forwards and folded John into a clumsy hug instead, fitting John's chin against his sternum and burying his nose in the short, clean-smelling hair. "Do not be sorry," he murmured into it. "I was not expecting you to say it at all."
He allowed himself to breathe again, unlocking his muscles from their defensive positions. "Fine," he agreed. "Thank you, Angelo."
," he said. Lestrade shook his head to say that he did not understand it either, but Sherlock gave him a
He sighed, stretching out his legs and looking briskly out around the arena. "I suppose I must find myself a new lanista," he said forlornly, already dreading the thought of having to promote someone like Dimmock. He would take one of his gladiators, just as Lestrade had come from the court arena, and at least know that he would get along with them.
He had taken care of his arousal himself in the end, unable to face the thought of Mycroft's face should it
And yet, in this one thing, John would far rather he did not. He had stopped himself from snapping harshly at his lover by asking himself how he would feel were it Sherlock in his place, and yet the circumstances were not the same. Though he had not seen Sherlock actually wield the broad blade he strapped to his hip when they went out at night, he was not a fighter, he was the
John looked around the corner tentatively, but nothing out of the ordinary jumped out at him. "Why do you say that?"
that he realised he was no longer simply holding the other man's hand to ensure they were not separated.
John held him tightly as he came, keeping him all in one place so that he could piece himself together afterwards. Panting helplessly, they sank to the ground, John's loincloth tangled around his feet and Sherlock's own uncomfortably tight around his thighs, still clutching each other close. Sherlock felt as though someone had taken him apart and not quite finished putting him back together.
The Emperor frowned at him. "Yes, of course. What did you think I meant when I promised I would help you to find her killer?"
"With all the other gladiators watching through the cage wall?" Sherlock asked, picturing the scene with some amusement. He had always thought it an invasion of privacy to house the gladiators beneath the arena in a sort of upmarket version of the cages beneath the Circus where they housed the criminals, but that was what they expected and Lestrade had always maintained that it would unnerve them to be given proper quarters. "John, I had no idea –"
each other, and ourselves, into the perfect person for each other. We loved each other because we had always loved each other. I grew up thinking of her as someone I needed to cherish, to provide for and care for and have a family with one day – and that does not
John followed him as he moved – still crouched, moving along the ground like some kind of dog – towards the end of the alley. Unsure what he was looking for, John glanced around the alley.
Sherlock straightened after a few more breaths, waving him away with a flap of his hand. John did not move his own from between Sherlock's shoulder-blades. "Not at all, Watson," he said airily. John smiled weakly at the formal address. "The faster we were able to get here – can you see Small?"
Lestrade smiled, wide and so happy that Sherlock couldn't help but smile back. "Thank you, Sherlock."
He shook his head slightly to dispel the image. "Um, the man John and I had begun to suspect had his leg severed in the battle of Ctesiphon," he explained clumsily. "The evidence mounts against Jonathan Small…"
Lestrade looked down at the tablet in his hands, frowning. "There will be a lot of inexperience out there, my Lord. Many of them have never fought before." He had protested rather hard over their attending this bout in the first place, probably for this reason. Sherlock smirked. "You may be interested in Anderson, though, my Lord – he has apparently survived this far by running away."
John grinned back. "Starting to," he admitted, shaking out his hand idly. Sherlock smiled at him, the expression weak. John noticed that his Emperor was trembling slightly.
"I did get that impression," John remarked, turning back to see the lanista grinning at him. "I cannot imagine why."
. Sherlock scrambled back up John's body to press their lips together feverishly, lowering his hips until their erections bumped together and Sherlock's whole body burned. He whimpered into John's mouth and thrust his hips helplessly a few times, feeling the gladiator's chest heave and his breath puff past his cheek. "John," he gasped out. "May I…"
it wasn't healthy. He was besotted. Everything the gladiator did made Sherlock admire him even more: the previous night, when he had expected that Sherlock simply intended to put the city lawkeepers back to finding Mary's killers and barely lift a finger himself – and he had still agreed! The loyalty that he showed to his late wife made Sherlock in awe of John, jealous of Mary and guilty for trying to take her place all at once.
want the two of them to be happy – it was just difficult after so many years to suddenly endorse something that would make his brother happy. "Why can he not be both? It is not as though it is unusual to have both a lover and an occupation."
True to his word, John spent a considerable amount of time considering the Emperor's offer over the course of the day. It wasn't that there were
After a moment, Sherlock slid him off and then helped him to stand; John looked around to see Lestrade striding towards them, looking livid. "Ran off," the lanista growled when he got close enough. "Never seen the barbarian before.
The older man's eyes landed on Watson and the frown intensified, his eyes narrowing in interest. Evidently Lestrade, too, saw something different about the auctoratus. He let his lips rise into a smirk, and his hand rise into the signal for the trumpeters to start the fight.
Lestrade smiled wanly at him. "Yes. Well. I was coming to see whether John knew where you were. I wish to speak to you alone, my Lord, there is something I would ask of you."
The woman pursed cracked lips. "He en't," she said finally. "He en't been in for days. Just sorta vanished, like. Never done that before, neither. He en't the disappearing type."
. How simple it would be to reach for the dagger hidden in the folds of his loincloth and take his revenge for the State's inaction over Mary's murder.
It was a clear night, and the moon and stars cast pallid shadows over the walls. It took John a moment or so before he realised that Holmes's eyes were cast towards the sky and not the building at all. "Beautiful, is it not?" he said finally.
in the young man's movements, as though his mind had entirely deserted him to pleasure, stirred something in him again. He thrust back, grinding Sherlock's erection between his cheeks. Within a minute of this, the younger man squeezed John's hips and held him down hard as warm fluid splashed across John's back.
"Do not make friends with barbarians, John Watson," Small wheezed. His voice was rickety, his throat destroyed by the effort of coughing up water and breathing while he was drowning, and John almost had to lean closer to hear the words. "I promised him sestertii for saving my life after Ctesiphon. I swear it, I did not want to kill Mary. But she would not co-operate, and Tonga grew angry, please, Watson, please, please save me…" his voice trailed off into tiny, painful-sounding coughs, at the end of which he struggled to draw a breath that was clearly not enough.
As they walked John sidled closer to the Emperor until their elbows bumped with each step; Sherlock smiled at the carefully deadpan expression on the other man's face, as though he hoped Sherlock would not notice the movement. Then, so slowly Sherlock was almost impressed by his subtlety, he reached out and clasped Sherlock's dry, long-fingered hands in his, threading their fingers together like a lover's. Sherlock looked down at him in surprise, but when John simply smiled up at him he grinned back, his body relaxing into John's, idly discussing the army and the streets of John's childhood as they strolled through those same streets. He had never done anything quite like it, never felt anything quite like the excessive calm and
John is giggling, now.  Giggling quietly and a bit breathlessly all alone in this empty room like a fool—absolutely bloody mad and giddy with relief and an almost painful swell of gratitude for Sherlock’s unexpected gallantry.
John leads the way, a determination that Sherlock has rarely seen in him of late now present in his step.  He scans the beach, then marches off to their right, clutching his six pack of stout and heading for a secluded space set back beneath the base of a rocky cliff, far from the reaches of the rising tide.  He hesitates for only a moment before dropping right down into the sand, cracking open a bottle with his key to 221B and taking a long pull.  Sherlock can’t help but grin.
“Let’s have sex,”  I stop abruptly, one foot still slightly in the air.  I sway a bit where I stand.
But it was only after Sherlock had announced his plans for Baker Street over the summer that it all fell into place.  And as of just a few days ago, the
eventually landing on Rosie, where she sits curled up in his chair watching some shrill-voiced cartoon on the telly they’d purchased last weekend and installed beside the mantle.  John watches him watch her, basking in that familiar swell of affection he feels nearly every moment of every day lately.  He reaches up, resting his palm on the back of Sherlock’s neck, fingers gently kneading the tension away—something he’s begun to do often, now that he can.  A quiet reminder for both of them.
We sit side by side in our little car—John behind the wheel once more—cruising down a hill toward town.  We’d had a brief, uncomfortable conversation about how this will go now that we’re officially playing partners, and decided that we won’t need to do much beyond having our story straight.
A nod.  He sits forward in his chair.  Hands clasped together, elbows on his knees.  “That’s healthy, Sherlock. These are common concerns.  Your being here means that you’ve chosen to do something about them for your partner’s wellbeing and for your own.”
cottage—entirely hidden from the street by the small forest that seems to make up the front garden.  John lets his eyes roam, taking it all in.  Two stories, four large, paned windows—two on each floor.  The house is made of dark, weathered stone in the same style as the surrounding wall, and sports a thatch roof covered almost entirely in lush green ivy.  The arched front door is made of heavy wood with simple, hand-carved floral patterns within six inlaid squares and a half circle up top.  It had been painted blue at some point, but the colour has faded almost completely, leaving it looking well-loved, if a bit cheerless.
John stares.  And stares.  That is certainly not the sort of response he was expecting.  He rushes to open a browser and hurriedly types
“Fine,” He nods.  I hope that it’s true.  “And you? I trust you and John had a nice time with our parents?”
My mind races, trying to process his words.  In the dark, vulnerable corners of my heart, I had expected this conversation to go in another direction entirely.  Expected him to say
a man to spare his life almost immediately after.  He’d been stunned, really, that someone had taken to his abrasive brother so easily—tentatively grateful and more than a bit suspicious.  But now, here they are.  It was Sherlock’s turn, apparently, to do the saving.  And the responsibility to preserve the life of his brother’s rescuee falls, predictably, on Mycroft.
I’m torn from sleep by the sound of tires on gravel.  A car door slamming. Then another. The sun is still shining, and I stumble out of bed to the window, squinting as my eyes adjust to the light.  Two vehicles parked out front—one that appears to be our ride from before, and the other some sort of shiny vintage convertible in a shade of dark burgundy.  There’s not a person in sight, and just as I begin to panic, the black car pulls away and disappears beyond the trees. My phone pings on the nightstand where I left it earlier today, and I scramble to pick it up.
He holds me while I fall apart.  I let myself be held. The front of his shirt soaked through with my tears, my arms wrapped so tightly around him that I wonder if he can breathe.  He just cradles my body, presses his mouth to my head, says nothing. And through all of my overwhelming regret and pain, shines a bright beam of relief.
The sun has fully risen, casting an optimistic glow about the flat that perfectly contradicts the sinking feeling in John’s gut.  He sits in silence, waiting for Sherlock to emerge—but it’s Rosie who makes herself known first, clambering down the stairs from their shared room.
We spent Monday afternoon and most of yesterday in Penarth with my parents.  My mother feigned devastation when we’d told her we’re spending Christmas in London, so we compromised.  It was a fairly tedious trip, but they were thrilled—and I think John was as well. Mummy had taken a liking to his jumpers the last time we visited, and she gifted him the one that he’s wearing today.  A tasteful wool Fair Isle in two shades of burgundy. She gifted me the deed to our family home in Yorkshire, but I’ve yet to tell John.
John groans, sitting up on the ridiculously stiff sofa and stretching his arms upward until his spine cracks, muscles shifting pleasantly beneath skin.  He glances at the time.  3:42.
“Woke up to the smell of bacon and wondered if I was having a stroke.” He sits down at the table, eyebrows raised in amusement.
“It’s government funded, see?  Or maybe Mycroft is funding it.  He wouldn’t tell me if he were.  Not sure if there’s really a—a difference.  Sherlock?
We step into the steaming spray together, hands immediately roaming over heated skin.  His fingers cup my neck, glide up through my wet curls. I run my palms down his arms, snake them around to his lower back.  In a moment of uncharacteristic daring—fuelled by unprecedented lust—I slide them down, down and roughly squeeze his arse, pulling him abruptly toward me.  When our erections brush, a fog of arousal consumes me in a way that I wouldn’t have guessed possible. John moans, whispers a string of profanities under his breath.  I’m not sure where to go from here. I want to touch him, I think. Are we going to do this, then? I suppose that’s up to me. My heart is racing, bursting, boiling over with emotion and unfamiliar desire.  Emboldened by the memory of his words from last week
“An arteriovenous malformation.  Inoperable.” An AVM. Inoperable, so likely in his brain.  Gradual loss of neurological function. Memory loss. Seizures.  Headaches. Persistent nausea. My mind rattles off the symptoms directly from the medical texts of my mind palace.  Loss of vision. Hallucinations. Weakness. And that’s only if it doesn’t rupture and kill him first. Stroke. Brain damage.  Death.
John’s head drops forward and he’s panting heavily, shouting with every snap of my hips.  I’m already tipping over the edge, losing myself and quickening my pace as my entire body trembles, shakes.  I drive up into him, arms still clutching him against me, holding us both upright. I slide a hand down to grip his erection, firmly stroke his shaft in time with my increasingly frenzied thrusts.
“It was hardly a choice.  Never really is though, is it?”  I suppose not. Perhaps Irene had fallen victim to the same sort of inexplicable human connection that John and myself have found.  Despite my frigid nature and his attraction to females, here we are. I look at him now, a warm presence at my side—let my fingers drift through his soft silver hair, coming to rest on the back of his neck.  He smiles to himself, leans against me, winds an arm around the small of my back. If I lost him now, I’d be ruined. If this is what Irene had found in Isla—if this is what she’s lost—
John peers silently back at me, his face a picture of unconditional acceptance.  He scoots back against the headboard, reaches for my wrist and guides me to lie with my head in his lap, fingers carding gently through my hair.  He looks down at my hesitant face, brushes a curl aside.
"Mm.  Pop into Baker Street, who knows--jump out of a cake."  I smirk, but my heart's not in it. I don't know how else to act around my brother.  This is what we do. Same as it ever was.
She took his breath away—literally—during her visit to his posh flat three nights ago.  He died, she fled. And later that evening, wracked with grief and mid-meltdown, his wife found their string of texts in his phone.
And so here we are, miles high—trapped in this small box together, being hurled toward the unknown.  A true mystery. And my best friend at my side.
“Mm,” My eyes are flying rapidly across the article, scanning for any discrepancies.  “No mention of you, thank God,” I had made sure Mycroft had every intention of preventing the media from mentioning John’s relationship with Mary.  But one never knows what will slip through the cracks. “Would have been disastrous for your shiny reputation to announce to the world the death of your almost-fiance and your new lover in the same breath,” I smirk to myself as John groans.
If the resources available to MI6 have uncovered nothing about Mary’s true identity, I’m not convinced we’ll be able to find much.  With nothing to go on but what she left behind in her flat, I fear this excursion may be a lost cause. But we’ve got to try. I glance at John, who’s just fastened his last button.  “Ready?”
John suggests quietly, his breath ruffling artfully arranged curls as his mind races to catch up with where his heart is heading—a path forward gradually making itself known.
I pass the time sipping my cider and studying the crowd, looking for anyone who stands out—straining to listen for an English accent.  Hoping—futilely—to stumble across our mysterious Mr. Collins. At precisely nine o’clock, the music fades. A split second of silence as the crowd turns their attention from their conversations to the stage I’ve been hovering near—and then, a deafening roar of cheers as an abundance of black sequins in four inch heels marches onto the stage.  It appears I’ve managed to stumble into a drag show. All right, then. At least things are getting interesting.
“Not actually pissed,”  He mumbles, glaring at her and heading for the door.  He really doesn’t seem to be, though she notes a slight limp that hasn’t been there in nearly two years.  She meets Aoife’s eye and nods her thanks, then follows him outside, shivering in the bitter February air.
She finds him slumped over the bar, clutching onto an empty pint—an untouched glass of water sweats silently in front of him as he stares unseeingly at the stretch of worn wood it sits on.  God, he looks
It doesn’t work.  “What about Kenneth?” She’s uncomfortable, defensive.  Runs a hand through her short black curls.
The cheerful conversation resumes as we break out the trifle.  Mrs. H. really does have a way with desserts. And as we move back to the living room to finish off the last of the wine--everyone full, content and more than a little buzzed--I admit to myself easily that this is the happiest I’ve ever been.
bright.  Large windows line every wall—and visible on the back porch, eyes to the sea, are two men—each of them dark in both hair and complexion.  They appear to be sunbathing. Adam strides out of the kitchen, handing John and I each a cocktail, and we follow him out to the porch.
“Do you want to have a look ‘round the flat, then?  Mary’s flat, I mean? Maybe you’ll have better luck seeing who she really was.  Clearly I was blind to it.” Again you surprise me, John.
" Sherlock called again, and there was a thunder in his voice that made even John jump, as though the authority of Jupiter himself were in him. Small crouched slightly, like a hare startling at a loud noise. His eyes darted from them to the growing distance between the boat and the dock. For a moment he looked defeated, and John allowed himself to relax slightly in anticipation of a surrender. "You will berth your vessel and surrender yourself," Sherlock told him, as though without even the slightest doubt that he would not be obeyed. The pause stretched out until Sherlock opened his mouth again, drawing in breath for a proper threat.
Mycroft opened his mouth to reply, but whatever rebuttal he came up with was drowned by the horns surrounding the box, and the swell of the cheers from the stands, so loud it was almost a visible wave of sound. Mycroft grimaced. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock Holmes looked at him as though he was being supremely idiotic. "Night has fallen, Watson. Two men in the alleyways at night, obviously trying to avoid detection with our faces covered - for to have either of us discovered in that particular space would not bode well – we are bound to arouse suspicion. No doubt some manner of thug will attempt to hold us up and we must be ready to make a swift exit." With one last look around the bedchamber, the Emperor nodded sharply and started towards the door. "Are you ready?"
"Are you interested?" he asked, sitting up properly so that their chests were flush together, looking up a tiny increment into John's eyes.
to give him up – and wouldn't that put him in quite the situation? He resolved to train harder; quite apart from the fuss that the Emperor might cause if Lestrade had to talk to him, John himself did not want to give up the arrangement.
I saw a few glances between the two of them. Well, that is fantastic, is it not?" Sherlock made an affirming noise that was only a tiny bit sarcastic. He
The man's companion was pulling at his toga, and at the uttered threat he relented; without another word, the two of them turned and sprinted off down the alleyway. Instantly, John was crowding up to him, prying his fingers away from his face to squint at it in the dark. "Are you all right?" he asked frantically.
Sherlock raised a cool eyebrow. "I am the Emperor of Rome and all her colonies," he pronounced clearly. "There is nowhere you can run where I will not find you."
His lover pushed him, chuckling. "It is easy to clear those cages of everything but the smell of sweat and leather." John's smirk was knowing. "I know that you have thought of it."
make it less likely that he was the murderer, assuming he was working alone. "Can you remember his name?" he asked nonetheless: if it was
to grow old with him. John was holding him and breathing in the smell of his hair and settling in, apparently, for the long haul.
When they were out of earshot, the silver-haired man let out a chuckle. "He always looks like someone has rammed something up his arse," he commented lightly. John almost stopped walking, shocked. "Authority means too much to that man," Lestrade continued, as though unaware of his quarry's shock. "Needs to be knocked down a peg. Do you prefer John, or is Watson all right?"
John felt his eyes narrow and did not try to suppress the anger rising in his throat like bile. "Your
The younger man whimpered again and squeezed his eyes shut, letting his head fall back against the headboard.
everyone would like him. "If it is too much to remember, we will drop the subject. But we believe you may be able to help."
John wanted to burrow into Sherlock's embrace and apologise for hurting him, but he had started this now and he would see it through. "I am not sure you realise you are doing it," he consoled the younger man. "But you are constantly second-guessing yourself,
"No, my Lord," he replied. "The ground was brushed, I believe, once they…" his throat closed up suddenly and he had to clear it again before he could continue. "Once they removed her. But that was all. I believe originally it was an attempt to preserve it, in case any clue as to her killer could be gleaned from it."
For a moment they stared at one another, the triumph and incendiary excitement spinning between them. Then Lestrade cleared his throat roughly. "One leg, my Lord?"
John walked close to him nonetheless as Lestrade navigated them through the street; Sherlock refrained from pointing out to the lanista that they had been to Sholto's house before when the dimachaerus slipped his hand gently into Sherlock's and presented him with a familiar tight-lipped smile.
John's head snapped back around in order to catch Sherlock's lips with his own. "I am infinitely grateful that you allow me this, Sherlock," he said.
Sherlock tried to swallow around the sudden lump in his throat. "Not like that," he replied. People had told him he was beautiful, attractive, striking – praised him physically before, but underneath it there was always an undercurrent of deference reminding him that they only said it because of the power he held, whether they liked the way he wielded it or not. No-one had ever said it like John just had, plainly,
John Watson actually smiled. "Even so, my Lord. I am not backing out of our agreement." When Sherlock, still slightly shocked by the fighter's willingness, did not respond, he frowned, his face contorting with worry. "Oh, unless… my Lord… if you no longer desire…"
?" he spat, jerking his head towards the black fighter. Small's eyes widened to see his companion standing submissively in front of Angelo with his hands tied behind his back, his posture clearly favouring his injured leg, his face downcast. "I can imagine. The fact remains that my wife is dead, brutally, horribly dead, because of you. Do not attempt to justify that, Small."
They stood like this for long minutes, before John could recover himself enough to nod. "Thank you, my Lord," he said briskly. Reluctantly, Sherlock Holmes let go of him and turned back to the only physical evidence that John's wife had existed.
," he mimicked, his thick lips pulling back nastily over yellowed, half-rotten teeth, "was annoying."
, Lestrade," he said testily. "Under the circumstances, though, I think the answer should be obvious. John, you said there were four of them, in the army? Mary's father, Sholto, and two others, yes?"
Sherlock smiled as reassuringly as he could – the thought of sending John back out into the arena caused a similar reaction in himself. "I do try, Mrs Morstan," he assured her. "Being in the arena makes him feel alive. I recognise the feeling, loath as I am to continue allowing him to risk his life. If I could find a way to give him both… but I am afraid no such option exists."
"I am fine," he said quickly, hoping John would pass off the breathless, shaky tone of his voice as something unrelated to the condition between his legs.
"What might we tell about the intruder from this print, John?" he asked briskly, levelling an attentive stare at the dimachaerus.
John Watson shifted until he could look his Emperor in the eye. The movement caused the hand not continuing lazy caresses up and down his back to slip from his hip and rest heavily on his abdomen instead. Sherlock bit his lip as John looked at him seriously. "Would you…
John took his hand when Sherlock caught up with him at the corner of the street; Sherlock pressed a kiss to his temple. "She has so much faith in me," he confided. "It scares me. She is so certain that I will do good for the Empire."
love Sherlock. He didn't understand it; he had barely known the Emperor for two weeks and he would already give anything to keep him happy even if he were not the ruler of the Roman Empire. He could not explain it by any way other than that it was
Sherlock nodded again. "We are looking for two men. One of them is a big black-skinned man with an injured foot – he may be walking with a limp. The other is slightly more distinctive – he only has one leg and he walks using a thick wooden crutch. These two men are very dangerous and you are
Sherlock's voice was calm, and yet it rang across the dockyard with so much authority John's knees twinged with the schooled urge to buckle and prostrate himself. Small's face contracted as though they had plunged a torch into his backside. He stared, apparently dumbstruck, from Sherlock to John and back again.
John's greeting sweep of blue eyes from Sherlock's hair to his sandals was nothing less than smouldering – there was a fire in his eyes that caught Sherlock's blood and pulled it to his cheeks. Evidently John had not been as unaffected by his abrupt exit earlier as he had carefully shown himself to be; Sherlock smirked at the knowledge and stretched out his position languidly on the bench, allowing himself to wince when the new pose inflamed the ache in his rear. To his satisfaction, the dimachaerus faltered and almost tripped.
He lifted an eyebrow anyway. "That rope would chafe and cut your skin if you pulled at them. This fabric will be kinder."
He nodded slowly. "I will speak to him about it," he agreed, unable to keep the smile off his face. "Thank you, Lestrade. Take care of my brother – and make certain that he takes care of
Once they had picked up the scent again from outside the house it was, as Sherlock had predicted, a fairly straight road through the city until the hound finally stopped and sat down on its hind legs, perplexed, two streets away from the alley where Sholto's body was found. Lestrade sighed in frustration. Sherlock looked at him sharply.
happen, not as something that I should attempt to prevent, it struck me that it would not seem so strange to them. I am a gladiator, technically I already belong to you. They already
Sherlock did not bring up the subject until they had stowed John's clothing beside his own in the trunk at the foot of his bed and settled back onto the bed with a decanter of wine between them. A warm, glowing sensation was settling on Sherlock's stomach and John's fingers were carding through his hair, pulling and tugging in terrifically pleasant ways.
"Small," Claudia replied with a tiny smile. "I remember finding it amusing because he was a very tall, broad man. Jonathan Small."
They were gaining on the boat once more; Sherlock had hefted another shellfish from the net and was spinning it between his fingers. John took a moment to wonder when the Emperor had learned to throw with such precision, but it was only a moment, before the screaming muscles in his upper arms pulled his focus back to rowing.
John yawned, stretched, and curled into Sherlock's side, his naked chest warm against him. "Juno, I wish I could stay here forever."
had done – was something he had been taught was the job of boys and perverts. And yet, it had seemed natural to take the role when he was partnered with the Emperor, so he had done it without complaint, and when it was happening – he had never dared imagine it might feel
Then quite suddenly, the two short swords flicked up to block the blow from the Briton. Watson moved so quickly it was difficult to keep track, the blade in his left hand disengaging from the block to a quick stab at his opponent's stomach. The Briton was lucky he was quick, jumping back hurriedly out of the reach of the swinging blades, but Watson was quicker; his two swords flicked without pause, driving the Briton backwards, further and further. Sherlock tried to think back to the moment where Watson had paused to consider his strategy, but couldn't find it; the shadowed eyes had seemed rather blissfully blank.
"I am all right," John replied. He collected his two swords from the other side of the arena and then limped back towards the cages. "Good luck," he called back to the man who had helped him as the sounds of the fight resumed behind him.
Seemingly absorbed in his own mind, Holmes crouched again, his eyes straining. "I can barely see. If only we could come back in the daylight, only we cannot be seen – we shall have to come back with a torch." Nonplussed, John stood back and watched the Emperor almost crawling along the alleyway, his nose so close to the ground it was a wonder he did not pitch forwards. "Ah!" he exclaimed finally. "I think I have it! This way, Watson!"
Sherlock tapped the curve of his lower lip once before lowering his hands. "Are you certain you cannot remember the names of the other two men? They may have information."
Sure enough, a demanding shout of, "John!" summoned him from around the corner. Breathing deeply to stay calm, John ventured back into the alley. Sherlock was crouched over the body, but his attention was on the symbol that had been daubed in blood on the wall of the nearest house. "John," he continued as he heard their footsteps behind him. "Do you think –"
was the part that had made John smile. "Well, I suppose if you are not interested yourself I could use your opinion on who else –
John snarled and sprang forwards again, but Tonga was expecting it; he spun to avoid the strike and plunged his bare foot into the healing wound on John's thigh.
Rowing hard enough to pull both boats through the water was not easy, but John felt as though he could achieve almost anything; he rowed as fast and hard as he could. The one-legged body that Lestrade eventually fished from the water looked decidedly unconscious, and John wanted Small to at least see his face one more time before he died.
The Emperor chuckled languidly. "Of course," he replied easily. "I have thought about it. This way, I must trust that you will take care of me, and you must trust that I would not have you punished for what you might do to me."
. Sherlock nodded. "Thank you. Keep an eye out for those men – someone at the docks at all times, is that understood? And make sure you spend those sestertii on food."
, was what scared John the most, was possibly the biggest reason he had made no attempt to apologise. Because as improbable as the feeling was, John
And he strode away, leaving John to trot after him, shaking his head in amazement. There was evidently more to Sherlock Holmes than met the eye, and the eye did not want for much. John wondered if he should be alarmed at the sudden desire to find out what else the Emperor did not know, and what he knew more about than John could ever hope to remember.
, who had stopped screaming at Lestrade in favour of watching them, a hand over his mouth, his grey-green eyes wide with fear.
"My Lord," John introduced as he entered. His voice came out slightly husked and croaky, so he cleared his throat as Sherlock jumped and stood, clutching at the cloak. John had taken the cloak that he had worn back to his chambers at the Emperor's request, so he unfolded it.
whether John consented to repeating the incident in the future, and counted that as progress. If the Emperor could not realise how much John had enjoyed himself then he could not be nearly as intelligent as John had credited him with. "As you wish, my Lord."
The men advanced until they were level with them. The taller of the two – his eyes of a height with Sherlock's, his shoulders far broader – stared him down as best he could through the hood of Sherlock's cloak. "You stay out of this, pretty-boy," he growled. "The grown-ups are talking."
Sherlock peered cautiously at the house to which the refuse pile belonged. "Shall we find out?" he said briskly, pulling the hood of his black cloak over his face further and gesturing towards the house.
It struck him, too, that he was very happy here with Sherlock Holmes, happy in a way he had not expected ever to be again. The thought left him slightly breathless, and so he reached for Sherlock to have something to cling onto.
Sherlock smiled at him. He'd known that the offer of justice for Mary would tip the scales in his favour, but he hadn't thought it would be quite this certain. He had assumed that Watson would have more care for his dignity and the offer would be more of a battle between his conscience, his loyalty to his wife, and his pride. Apparently pride wasn't so much of an issue.
Sherlock, though, opened the activity with a stroke of long fingers down John's jaw and a whisper of slightly sour breath: "Do you mind?"
There was a pause as John shifted hesitantly. "I… there is no training in the morning. If you like, I could stay."
that John returned his feelings, that John would never leave him, that he could have this forever if he wanted it.
He couldn't help but moan. John's mouth was warm and soft and slick, and the slide of his tongue sent shivers of pleasure rippling out through his body, curling his toes and tensing his abdomen. "Oh, John," he groaned, sliding a hand down his belly to card his fingers through the gladiator's hair. John hummed, a deep noise of contentment. Sherlock's hips twitched helplessly upwards, pressing desperately against the constraint of the fighter's arm pressed against his hipbones, holding him down.
, but he wasn't sure he had expected the Emperor to say so. He had thought that intimate knowledge of something detracted from its beauty somewhat. It was almost touching to know that he still appreciated it. "Yes, it is," he said. "I expect you know more about it than I do, though."
Sherlock pressed an open-mouthed kiss to John's neck. "I am not sure," he said, and John wondered whether his pure and joyful smile wasn't the most beautiful thing in the Empire. "But it is wonderful."
Lestrade eyed their joined hands with a wry smile. John noticed that Sherlock was smiling back with a sort of bewildered joy, and his heart swelled a little in his chest.
that he wanted the same thing. We did this… odd sort of dance for so long that it became a part of the routines of life, that I resigned myself to always wanting and never having. He did not seem to want to acknowledge it, to act on it, and I could not do so without appearing impudent, without breaking
For a few steps John was unsure whether to laugh at his straightforward reasoning or be indignant at his insistence on setting this rather punishing pace; laughter won out fairly quickly. "All right," he growled, forcing his legs to give one final push until he stood beside the taller man. "You win, Sherlock."
The trapped man scrambled to his feet and dived quickly for the box at his feet. John almost gasped; he recognised that box. It had sat in the main room of Claudia Morstan's house for the better part of his life. Sherlock had taken a step forward when the man had moved – foolishly, John could not help but think, seeing as his would-be-opponent was twice his size and built like a sack of wet earth – but he paused when the black man held the box over the side of the boat. "You will not have this money," he grunted.
Sherlock went striding off down an alley as soon as the word was spoken, his hands still held in front of his lips with his elbows spread to the side in a way that made his cloak billow behind him with a sort of dramatic flair. In the corner of his vision, John cast a final apologetic glance at the old lady and hurried after him, shaking his head.
John looked up at him again. He did not smile, but the little frown between his eyes had softened. "How can you be so tolerant?" he asked softly. "If it were me – if
John scrambled to the side of the boat and grabbed hold of the other craft before he drifted away. "Sherlock – my Lord," he corrected hastily, shooting a guilty look at Angelo. "Are you all right?"
Sherlock tutted in exasperation, dropping John's hand and turning to the stocky lanista instead. "Yes,
to be Sherlock's lover. And yet the man still interpreted his every move as John wanting to get out, to stop whatever 'arrangement' they had once had. He had trusted John to tie him to the bed and take care of him, but he did not trust him to stay with him, and he certainly did not appear to trust him with his own life.
They were barely two streets away from the court when someone's gruff shout made them stop and turn, dropping each other's hands.
Underneath the hood, Sherlock Holmes brought pale fingers to prod tentatively at lush lips. "Interesting," he repeated softly.
sort of burn, after all. The kind of pain that one cannot prevent themselves from fidgeting with, poking at, reassuring themselves that it is still there. Sherlock's abdomen ached in the same pleasant manner, though he could not be certain that it was the pain that was pleasant or the lingering tingles from John's farewell earlier that morning.
Sherlock jumped at the first touch of the cold cloth; John ever-so-gently wiped the sweat from his face first, before moving on to his torso and right down to his feet. He mustered the strength to sit up just in time to see John neatly and efficiently clean the mess off his stomach and between his legs with a second cloth. He smiled lightly. Somehow being allowed to see the gladiator like
, which I adore but I'm not sure serves the purpose of bringing John and Sherlock together the way I want it to. The point of my mentioning this here is that if anyone has any suggestions I'd be delighted to hear them. Thanks so much!
Sherlock was frowning. John could see it from the arena; not the precise expression, not from this distance, but the way he was sitting close to the edge of the box and the awkward slump of his body betrayed him. The pinched, worried expression on his angular face was very easy to picture. John wanted to go up there and kiss it off his face, but there were things he had to do first.
John stumbled, but Sherlock saw him shrug at the other gladiator out of the corner of his eye, and after a few steps they were running together. "Where are we going?" he asked. "Was that your Mrs Hudson?"
John had stopped giggling when they broke apart in favour of panting, and Sherlock thought that maybe he should have let the both of them catch their breath before he took over the use of his mouth. Actually, he thought, watching the older man lean against the wall and heave in deep breaths, perhaps he should not have forced John into the kiss at all.
He tried to leave his arms at his sides. It wasn't that he was self-conscious exactly - well, only a little. John was so perfectly built and he had always been slightly too thin and too pale, and he so desperately wanted John to like him physically. To his dismay, John frowned.
Sherlock nodded sharply. In the Circus Maximus the fights were not nearly as frequent as they were in his court, but the audiences were bigger and they expected blood, not skill. Sherlock tried to avoid death and serious injury in his court bouts. He understood Lestrade's hesitation to throw a man trained for the Circus into one of their more civilised fights, although he doubted that Watson would have trouble adjusting. "But you prefer this style, do you not? The chance to fight people who understand the mechanics of it as well as you do, rather than people who have been thrust into it like lambs for sacrifice?"
I'm sorry – my visualisation of 'downtown' Romans as having Cockney accents is a long-term thing stemming from too many episodes of Horrible Histories.
Overcome, John climbed back over him to claim those lips. Sherlock gasped into the kiss, his body arching into John's, rubbing their groins together, fabric into flesh. "Oh, you," John whispered into his lips, their mouths forming the same upward curve. "Oh,
all my life finding out. You must understand what I mean," he said slowly, frowning hesitantly at him. "You
Sherlock bent his head and nuzzled at it, feeling it swell slightly against the cool of his cheek. "It is
agreement again, bending his great head to the ground and beginning to methodically waggle it from side to side, searching for another source of the scent. Eventually – causing a hurried step back from John – he placed his front paws on the window-ledge and barked once into the night.
John stared at the other man. He had been taken by surprise, but that did not mean that his loss was excusable, and the hot and ugly feeling of disappointment at himself bubbled up at his stomach. The trident rose and John fought the urge to close his eyes, expecting it to land – likely harder than necessary, judging by the previous moves from the slave – at his throat in the typical demand for surrender.
He had expected the move, though, from the man's first inflammatory comment about not being ashamed, and so he took a further half-step back and let his fist fly into the barbarian's face, connecting soundly with a spectacular noise. Tonga flailed for a moment, his head snapping backwards with a momentarily worrying
magnanimous," he complimented dryly. "It is no wonder you are Emperor. I cannot imagine your brother being so gracious in bed."
He could feel the eyes of the few people still in the street on the two of them. "People are watching us," he said softly into John's hair. "I want… there are things I wish to say, but not in front of others."
"John," Sherlock protested, the movement of throwing his head back in frustration accidentally pressing their groins together and making them recoil into one another with a tiny mewling noise from the younger. "The investigation…"
, and John was staring right at him, and the tall, dashing man was staring right back, his breath fast in his chest, eyes wide, so
"You do not think he will stop when he sees that the Emperor is aware of his actions?" John questioned. Sherlock thought they were both far too comfortable with the punishing pace he was pushing them to; his own lungs were burning and talking seemed far more difficult than they were displaying.
John growled deep in his throat. Sherlock schooled his face to remain neutral and not allow his mind to wander to the last time he had heard the dimachaerus make that particular noise. "I want nothing more than to walk over there and rip out his throat."
is why I did not recognise it earlier. Because I have been in love before, but not like this. Mary and I grew up together, we
The first corner led to a second, the two of them following the blood-splatters far easier than the night before last: Sherlock seemed to have eyesight far superior to John's, and so the Emperor had no trouble and was barely glancing at the ground before turning each corner and choosing each direction. At one point he stopped and bent over a patch of sandy street, almost singing his curly fringe from holding the torch so close to the ground, but after a moment tutted in irritation and carried on. "Brace yourself, John," he said suddenly, peering around the corner of a building before stepping out onto the street. "I think we may be drawing close."
He knew it was, but he shook his head helplessly. It was important to him, too. "I cannot," he said, his voice catching on the long vowel. Angelo smiled sympathetically.
John crouched to the same level – ignoring the screaming pain in his leg – and placed a finger over his lips. "I know," he said quietly. "And I am sorry for the way I reacted. I do know that you care, and it means a lot to me."
." He closed his mouth at Sherlock's languid drawl and purposeful rock of his hips upward, driving his erection persistently against John's rear. "I only ask this once, that I may at least experience it and judge it for myself. Only you and I will know, and by now the both of us have accepted that
It was not until they stopped that John realised it was the first time he had laughed since Mary died; not until the Emperor stopped suddenly and John ran into his side with a soft
his brother to abdicate the Empire to him, but he had to admit he wasn't entirely surprised that he had. Mycroft understood the importance of having a leader the city could get behind. And Sherlock understood what made the people live happily from day to day. So having Sherlock on the throne, at least ostensibly, made sense.
Sherlock, to bury himself in him until people could barely tell them apart. He wasn't sure – wasn't ready to
were tied. And had he expected that I would not fight fairly, he would have attacked me the moment I freed them."
John's vision darkened to a rich, blinding red. He did not hear the sound that ripped from his throat, but he knew that he was stepping backwards, fists clenched and drawing back for a blow. And then the barbarian was laughing, his terrible teeth seeming to leap out at John in his blinding anger. He shrugged his enormous shoulders once more, hard enough to tug the ropes out of Angelo's firm grip and shoulder the other gladiator in the chin. John saw as if through a filter as the man, still laughing the deep laugh of the deranged, threw himself towards John, his teeth aiming for his throat.
"Fine, thank you, John," Sherlock replied, picking himself up and shaking out his toga, smiling tenderly at John. "And youself?"
love, and not simply some expectation forced on him by his mother's fancies. Somehow, John was something that Sherlock had been missing all his life without knowing it.
John hardly tried to come up with alternate explanations before nodding. "So you think it was done here?"
"He insisted that I take the week, my Lord. The expectations from your bouts are very different from those at the Circus and I believe he wished to avoid any confusion."
. Most people would linger for a moment on pity for Claudia before jumping straight into that chain of reasoning."
He raised an eyebrow in surprise. The last time they had found themselves in public John had refused the gestures of affection that Sherlock offered him until they were out of the sight of people. "I wish to be close to you for the rest of my life, Sherlock, and I do not think that it is possible to keep such a personal secret for so long – people will see me around the court and they will know. When I looked at it like that, as something that
John chuckled again, his fingers fiddling with a loose curl adventuring across Sherlock's forehead. "You
He managed to turn his head slightly so that the punch struck his cheek and not his nose, but the force of it still snapped his head back and pain lanced through his eye as the man's knuckle caught the corner of the socket. Sherlock staggered backwards, only realising when he had managed to stay upright that the force of the blow had knocked his hood away from his face and the man was staring at him, cradling his knuckles and looking utterly horrified. "Your Excellency," he stuttered helplessly.
Lestrade pressed the candle into his hands and yanked at the rope around Cerberus' neck so that Sherlock could bend the candle to the patch of floor the hound had been licking and sniffing at and let out a triumphant noise. "John."
"Sherlock, it is the middle of the night." The man lifted his hands slightly to reinforce the gesture. "We cannot just knock on the door and wake them."
"Thank you," he croaked weakly. Then he collapsed back onto his back and caught sight of John's grim, determined expression. "
John frowned, thoroughly lost. He had the feeling that he had missed some vital piece of information that would allow him to follow the conversation. "It is enough to defend
"Hang on," Lestrade interjected, shuffling in confusion from one foot to the other. "What pattern of Small's crutch-prints?"
When next they broke apart, Sherlock was mildly surprised to notice that he wasn't the only one panting. The kiss had been blinding and alluring, drawing him in until he could no longer think about whether John was really enjoying it. He was still smiling, his chest rubbing against Sherlock's with every shallow inhale. Sherlock's hands slid up and down the smooth skin of John's back, littered with the tiny bumps and dips of old scars; he was possessed with a sudden urge to call the arenarius' attention to each one and find out where it was from, how he had won it. To map them as things that he
Then the running footsteps grew near enough to be audible, and John's brain began to very slowly kick itself back into gear. Sherlock's scream at his climax presented itself to him from the perspective of the soldiers stationed near his room as the footsteps made a clear beeline for the door; John drew a sharp breath in. "Sherlock –"
another side to their agreement than the investigation. But John did not mind putting the investigation aside for one night now that it felt so keenly as though they were making progress; especially not if he then spent that night showing his gratitude to the man who had made it happen.
Sherlock remembered being relieved when his father had offered Lestrade the position of lanista. Relieved that he did not have to worry that each time he saw his only friend it would be the last time. Could he apply the same thinking to John? "Would it be… exciting enough for him?" he asked slowly, feeling a tendril of hope begin to uncoil in his stomach.
He had yet to see the downside to it. If he had thought that sleeping with the taller man was it, he had rethought the assumption the moment the Emperor had looked so bashful and asked him to treat him like a lover. On the one hand, he had the chance to find the men who had so brutally murdered his wife – and he had no doubt that Sherlock would turn a blind eye to what happened to them once he did – and on the other, he had the intimacy that he had missed and craved so much since he lost her.
Sherlock stopped walking to turn to John, anger bubbling in his stomach. "And I cannot know how good
He tried to gently remove the long, probing fingers from his leg, but the Emperor only clutched harder until John had to bark out his name quite sharply to get his attention. "Sherlock!" he cried. "It is quite superficial – merely a flesh wound."
"Good luck, Watson," he said shortly. Lestrade's mouth twitched slightly as John stepped away from Dimmock, joining him at the door. The Emperor's lanista cocked a lazy half-salute at the smaller man, and then led John out of the gate and across the arena.
want the gladiator to stay; perhaps he should have just accepted the offer, making it sound like an order.
off the side of the boat, clinging onto the box of sestertii to pull him under. Then he flipped the catch on the box and flung the sestertii away from him. The silvery coins spun through the air, glinting in the midday sun as though laughing at John, and landed with almost gleeful plunking sounds in the river Tiber.
"I understand," John accepted, gripping the wrapped hilt of his sword tighter. He wasn't sure that Sherlock would
"It will bruise anyway," Sherlock retorted, wincing as the movement of his jaw made the spot ache. "I will find some sort of salve in the morning. Will I see you tomorrow?"
Claudia Morstan stood abruptly. "Forgive me," she said, clearing their empty cups. "It was a great relief to see you so happy, John."
"The Emperor's lanista is a man named Lestrade," the small man told him, neatly and efficiently wrapping John's sword in linen for the walk. "He will accompany you there and show you where you will sleep." His dark eyes shot up to meet John's. "Do not think you will enjoy better living conditions there, Watson," he said sharply. "Lestrade has been at the Emperor's court for almost twenty years. He does not believe in soft treatment."
The older warrior pushed him, screwing his face up in disgust. John laughed, gathering his swords to leave the arena. Lestrade called him back. "In all seriousness, though, Watson," he said, "had your time with him impacted the way you behaved in the arena I would have strongly suggested he give you up."
"I let John Watson decide," Sherlock told him. "The man whose wife you murdered. He wants to kill you himself."
The dimachaerus stood for a few more moments, breathing shallowly, his face carefully blank. Then he nodded sharply. "I know," he admitted, stepping forwards and collapsing into Sherlock's arms. "You have done far more than I had any right to expect."
Smirking now, John licked a long stripe up Sherlock's neck. "It can wait one night, Sherlock," he reasoned softly. "Or have the children found something that must be investigated immediately?"
," he promised vehemently. "I needed your mouth, your taste – if you had held me, it would have been unmistakeably a lover's embrace, and the world does not need to know this." He ran his fingers from Sherlock's lips down his throat and into the dip of his collarbone to emphasise the final word. Sherlock shuddered.
John was nodding. "I cannot believe I had forgotten," he said softly. "He died a few months after I was sent back."
It made sense. The woman had been on her own since her husband had died, and she'd always loved looking after Sherlock when he gravitated towards her as a child – fussing over and caring for the occasional orphan who strayed into her path must give her something to make her feel important. Sherlock nodded; at least someone other than himself was looking after the children. "Very well. So they cannot have been working on the boat for longer than thirty minutes, to account for Tiger finding Mrs Hudson, Mrs Hudson finding us and then us running here – they will almost be off, I should think. John, how would you suggest we approach this?"
Sherlock breathed deeply, his hips returning to the bed. "No – I simply – it was uncomfortable and I was not expecting it."
I had intended to get this out to you much sooner, but it was my first time writing anything quite this pointedly smutty. It was by turns the most challenging and the most intensely erotic thing I have ever done, and I now regret the years I spent laughing at erotic fanfiction authors. I'd tip my hat to you all if I hadn't already eaten it as per a previous statement.
you to," he said softly. "It is not as if either of us will scream it to the city – nothing will ever leave this room."
Sherlock could think of a number of exceptions to that apparent rule. In fact, the only people he could think of that
's own cook was not a position he would ever have guessed well-built, slightly thuggish Angelo had once held. "One of the woman of the kitchens was killed, and I was the person who was supposed to be in the kitchen that night, so I was blamed for the murder and sentenced to be executed. His Excellency was only twenty-one, but he stepped in – described how the marks on her neck indicated that she had been killed by a woman, though Minerva knows how he worked that out. So they amended my sentence and I ended up here."
it, but he wondered as their mouths dipped and danced together how long it would take before his proclaimed lover was comfortable enough to take
"Lestrade," Dimmock grated out through tightly-clenched teeth. John couldn't help the smile etching itself across his face at the lanista's discomfort; if his wide grin was anything to go by, neither could Lestrade.
The gladiator chuckled. "So am I," he said firmly. "So many of us in the city are. And not just for the Empire, but for the
Sherlock nodded slowly, careful to keep eye contact. "I am not about to deny that the notion has its own appeal," he admitted. John nodded, looking away. "I am
John tried to smile. Sherlock's fingers were considerably more delicate than his own. "Not irrecoverably," he replied wryly.
Sherlock nodded agreement. "Extremely so. And wide-footed, as well – look at the placement of the toes, spread much further apart than my own." To illustrate, he placed his sandal-clad foot beside the print and wriggled his toes. "This is the foot of a barbarian," he concluded.
If you insist, my Emperor. With each thrust you whimper so prettily, completely unrestrained. It is refreshing being able to hear the noises that you would make if we were not attempting to avoid a repeat of that first night I took you, when your screaming brought your brother running – although I think he may have better things to do now than listen for
"As you wish, Sherlock," he repeated. The rope seemed heavy in his hands, and he knew that if he tied it around Sherlock's hands and he pulled at them it would chafe and injure him in ways he would not be able to explain to the court in the morning.
after a public bout. He had known of his brother's attraction to the lanista when he was barely a man, but he had thought that the fire of lust had largely died out over the many years of denial. "Oh," he said simply. Lestrade nodded. "And that is what you want?"
"I think so," John replied, but there was hesitation in his voice; Sherlock bent to kiss him softly.
Sherlock kissed him again, quickly, and then brought out the big question. "I went to hold you, before, at the docks, and you turned me away," he said softly. "If you do not want –"
overwhelming him, still-wrapped hands buried in his hair and holding him in place or perhaps pressed against his mouth to hold back his scream –
For the briefest of moments, the smaller man looked as though he was struggling. Then he said quickly, "You fought well. I was pleasantly surprised. But what you did to the two men you did not kill was unnecessarily cruel."
like if it were a little closer," he replied, shifting against the bedclothes. John laughed as he flicked the last of the fabric from his groin and twisted it in his hands; he climbed back on top of Sherlock, letting his bare penis rub firmly against the soft, pale belly. Sherlock whimpered, his fingers sliding up John's thighs to grasp his hips.
"And you still accepted my offer so readily? By Jupiter, Watson, you are easily bought." John thought that the taller man was scolding him until he noticed that his grey – or were they green? – eyes were soft. "You must have loved her very much."
When they reached the end, the labyrinth of Roman streets curved in both directions and Holmes let out a snort of frustration and stood up. "Watson, you take that direction – you should not need to look more than five paces into the street before you find one."
They were exhausted. The case had spanned two weeks, which means both Sherlock and John were running on the fumes of everything essential for human survival. Food, sleep, energy. John held Rosie in his arms and had just planned to sit down on the couch for a moment, just to get his bearings. Sherlock sat beside him, wishing to do much the same thing.
No. John didn't want to think about that. He didn't want to remember how his stomach jumped into his throat and burning coals took it's place.
Sherlock cut him off by gripping his shirt and slamming his mouth on John’s once more. It was uncoordinated and sloppy and their teeth clinked but neither of them cared because it was so
John sat in his chair listening to the notes flow from the violin as Sherlock moved his bow across the strings. It sounded familiar to him, but he figured he must have heard it before, even though it was the first time he’d heard it from the man in front of him. The song was sad and beautiful; much like Sherlock had been since The Scars Incident, as John had taken to calling it. He had been…reserved, almost. He still went half mad with boredom if they hadn’t had a case in a week. He still verbally attacked anybody who insulted him, though John expected it was more about stopping him from punching that person, Usually Anderson, in the throat.
"I'll never understand you, Dr. Watson. You kill for him, you move in with him, you put up with him, you marry another and then do not make a single move to tell her where you've been all night; opting instead to wallow in worry in an A&E for my brother."
“Can’t. They can’t let John in the ambulance and most of the EMTs refuse to ride with me without John present. A ridiculously simple solution that no one is willing to do.”
John turns back to Mary and glances toward Sherlock's room. He wants to see him again. "Room 303." He tells her and turns back around to face the DI, who's just reached him.
“Yes, yes. Go.” Sherlock replied, not looking up from his phone. Molly smiled and scurried off toward the red double doors.
He finished and looked out into the crowd. No one was eating. Everyone was staring at him. Including a waiter who was currently being absentmindedly handcuffed by Greg, who was also staring at John, who was standing beside Sherlock, who was staring very intently at John with a look he couldn’t even begin to decipher.
John sighs and scrubs his hands down his face before turning back to Greg. "She woke up and I helped her and I started to explain. The next time Sherlock decides to bloody propose to someone for a case I'll let him do his own bloody explaining."
John was wearing a tan shirt, tight across his chest, and army fatigue pants tucked into tan army boots. He looked nervous, his hand clenching and unclenching in rapid succession.
He laid a kiss against the back of Sherlock’s neck and then went into their bedroom. Sherlock was playing when John fell asleep and was still playing when he woke up.
“Case a few months back. Burglary at the piano shop on Albany. You were visibly upset at the vandalism of a Beichman. I’ve also caught you tapping your fingers. Not in any particular tune, but in a way that resembled playing piano. You even had the placements right. But you haven’t played in a while so you must have been quite good.” Sherlock had tucked his phone back into his trouser pockets and was bloody preening at being able to show off for John again. John tried not to think about how good that made him feel. He failed.
He leaned over and kissed him. It was hard and desperate and tasted like salt from John’s tears. He needed to make the hurt go away, for both of them.
Greg, Sally, and Anderson all ran around the corner and pulled up short at the sight. Anderson and Sally’s expression quickly turned from one of confusion to one of real
When they got home Sherlock walked stiffly and silently to the window and started playing immediately. John considered going over there and talking to him about everything. Them, today,
“Play? Wha-play for who?!” Sherlock popped his head out of the side entrance, buttons down all the way up and a black bow tie around his neck.
John opened the door and walked in. His heart broke for the man lying in bed, because of the man lying in bed.
name he called out when he climaxed. He tried to fight it off, saying it was only because Sherlock made a point of trying to invade every single part of his life, of him, until there was nothing that wasn't
He had made up his mind about John’s intelligence during the Andrew West case. As much as he had wanted to slight Mycroft, the case was rather good. Too good to give up, even if it meant pleasing his brother. However, he found more enjoyment in watching John solve the case then he would have in solving it himself. John would be on the path to obvious and boring, but then he would ask a question. The right question, as Sherlock often said. Every now and then, John would show that he could think along the lines of slightly superior intelligence, and Sherlock just couldn’t bring himself to interrupt.
John was not only a fighter, but most likely a protector, provider, and a caretaker. An interesting combination to go into a warzone. He was of a curious mind, as proven by the fact that he had not immediately told Sherlock to piss off upon hearing the man’s deductions. He had piqued Sherlock’s interest, and he had found himself hoping that John would live up to the honor.
John looked back at Sherlock. "Do you know who did this?" his voice was cold steel, his insides were molten lava.
Molly pushes the bag into John’s arms and then turns to Sherlock. “Everything else is ready. Chris is waiting for me, so can I…”
Sherlock didn't really notice he was falling in love with John until it was over and done with. Having no experience with such things, he had actually seen, felt, and evaluated each step he had taken toward the inevitable end that was loving John Watson; yet he hadn't known what exactly it was he was observing within himself. It happened in four stages.
Unfortunately that single thought sparked the memories of Sherlock’s little hiatus and his return just a year earlier. He always considered himself straight, and figured that his attraction to Sherlock was based purely on his addiction to adrenaline. His brain and his life was everything John needed to stop himself from committing suicide. He had every intention of sticking by Sherlock for as long as he could. It wasn’t until he was gone that he realised he that while he missed the chases and the danger, the things that constantly popped into his mind was Sherlock sitting at the kitchen table staring into his microscope. Sherlock playing the violin and four in the morning. Argueing with Sherlock about eating properly and never doing the shopping. The silly, stupid, domestic things that no one but he, Sherlock, and Mrs. Hudson knew about.
"We meet at the office and he starts breaking down the security, where Magnussen's office is, and how the key card system worked."
Now he was back sitting in the waiting room, bent over, forearms resting his on his knees and his head cradled in his hands. All he could think about was walking into that room and seeing Sherlock-
It was more in their new relationship. Sherlock kissed him in the morning and stretched out on the couch with his head in John’s lap. Sometimes he would just walk over to where John was sitting in his chair, pluck the paper from his hands or the laptop off his lap, and curl into ball in its place, practically purring while John threaded his hands through his hair. For all intents and purposes he was a very affectionate house cat. But that’s as far as it went, really. They’d been together for two months. John was absolutely fine with taking it slow; not wanting to take anything Sherlock wasn’t ready to give. He had to admit, though, that he was surprised. Sherlock was direct about
“It’s been driving me crazy not being able to figure out what that song was.” He whispers into Sherlock’s shoulder. “I don’t care about your scars, Sherlock.” He kisses up his neck, nipping and licking at the skin as he goes. He finally gets to his lips, ghosting his own lips over Sherlock’s before gently biting his bottom lip before sweeping his tongue gingerly over the area. “I love you
He said nothing in return. He didn’t like the fact that Sherlock’s joke had much more truth in it then he knew. John believed in justice just as much as any good man or Yarder but he didn’t give a rat’s ass if it meant Sherlock getting hurt. Thankfully, he finally got the door open and was quickly distracted by Mrs. Hudson’s immediate chattering.
John was so ready to murder Magnussen right there. Regardless if he was one who pulled the trigger. He was there. This was his fault. All of this was.
John tried to manage a small smile of thanks but really he just trudged to Sherlock's room. He was terrified, he realised. He didn't want to see Sherlock hooked up to machines. He didn't want any of this to be real. He didn't want the last 3 years to be real. He stopped outside Sherlock's door and closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. They were back at Baker Street. Sitting too close on the sofa, eating Chinese, and arguing about why Sherlock must ruin the ending to every perfectly good movie John attempts to watch on the telly.
The voice in his head sounded suspiciously like his sister, Harry. He shoved it viciously out of his head and went back to reading his paper, ignoring the fact that he just caught himself staring at Sherlock’s long from stretched out on the couch, hands steepled beneath his chin. Sherlock’s phone buzzed on the coffee table and he leapt into a stance, entirely too dignified for someone in a rumpled grey t-shirt and pajama bottoms who was just wiggling his toes against the couch’s arm rest. He snatched his phone of the table and stalked into his room, texting.
. John never took note of how good Sherlock looked in his posh suits. Never thought that Sherlock in that purple suit should be illegal. He definitely never caught himself staring too long at Sherlock’s lips, hands, hair. Never kept eye contact a beat too long. Never felt disappointment when it ended. John loved Sherlock but he was
“You’ll say you’re fine up until you pass out from exhaustion or until you’re so thin and weak I have to force feed you.”
John doesn't answer for a minute. Really thinking about the answer. In terms of being gay or bisexual? No, there was nothing wrong with that. But John wasn't sure he was either of those things. He'd never been attracted to men before Sherlock. Not even back in uni when a few of his mates experimented or in Afghanistan when some of his fellow soldiers tried it. He earned the name Three Continents Watson
"Now, I know this isn't the best time but I need a statement for the report. Are you up for it?" He looks wary, worried as if John might break if asked to recount the details of the shooting. John wishes he could be angry with him, but he knows that Greg is the only one who knows just how bad John got after The Fall. He's the one that took him home when he could barely get off the bar stool, the one who picked him up from some random flat in a shite part of London after a blurry one night stand with yet another tall, pale, curly haired bloke, the one he called after waking up puffy eyed on Sherlock's grave. He's the one who rushed to the cemetery when one of those calls took place at 3 a.m. on the anniversary of Sherlock's death.
The sense memory of being tackled and having his gun ripped out of his hand brings him back to the present. He wishes he could be angry with Greg and his caution, but he understands too well where it comes from. He can't even use 'I was drunk' as an excuse for that one. That's probably the worst thing about the whole two year situation. The most destructive thing he did was done while completely sober.  "Yeah. We can do it now. Mary's visiting Sherlock right now anyways." They head into the waiting room and sit down, John leaning forward and resting his arms on his legs while Greg pulls out a pen and notebook.
"I mean I'm assuming yes, he's fine. The ambulance picked him up as well when they got there. But I didn't check him myself."
“If the goal is to fit in with your old army buddies, then that should do fine. Going in an outfit that outranks them would put them ill at ease and reflect badly on your ego.”
Within 24 hours John had completely proven himself worthy of Sherlock’s time and brain space. He had met the mysterious man at Baker Street, enthusiastically followed him to a crime scene, marveled at his deductive powers both in the car and at the site of a murder, survived Mycroft’s ridiculous attempts at intimidation, defended him to the police (even though he was wrong), very determinedly tracked him down after he was kidnapped, and killed a man for him. All of this because he did not write off their odd, 10-minute encounter from the previous day as a strange but essentially useless meeting.
"Uh yeah, sure." She kisses him on the cheek, John does his best not to freeze, and then she's gone. He looks at Greg, who's looking back and for between Mary's shrinking form and John. He opens his mouth to speak, no doubt to comment on the inevitable choice John is going to be faced with but John
. Whether it be chasing down a criminal or asking for a cuddle, he wasn’t shy about want he wanted or needed.
A throat cleared in the doorway, and John looked up to see Mycroft standing there with an unreadable expression on his face. John wasn't sure when he had reached up and took Sherlock's hand in his, but he pulled it away at the sight of his brother.
10 minutes later he came back out; impeccably dressed in a black Spencer Hart suit and a white shirt, the first two buttons undone. “Case, John!” He says as he swipes his coat off the rack and sweeps out the door. John doesn’t hesitate, putting his paper down and following Sherlock out the door. He oscillates on the top step, considering a detail he knows Sherlock would find unimportant.
It turned from frantic and hard and desperate to slow and sweet and loving as they went back to each other’s lips. They were both panting by the end, looking into each other eyes and wondering why the
"A client contacted us, said he was blackmailing her and her husband with some letters. Asked us to retrieve them for her."
"Sherlock was in Magnussen's office for a couple of minutes. If there was anything in there, he would have found it by then. So I go to check on him and he's..." John stops. John sees red wine from their first night at Angelo's turning into blood on Sherlock's chest. John breathes. "Magnussen's on the ground across from him. I check Sherlock's breathing and his pulse. It's shallow but it's there. Magnussen wakes up and tells me he was shot, I move his jacket I -um," John breathes again. "I see the wound. I immediately call 999. You know the rest."
John’s thoughts are cut off when he feels Sherlock’s arms slide around his waist and pull him closer, bury his face in John’s neck.
It was after Sherlock’s “death”. It was the two years spent away from John that made Sherlock realize how much he had come to depend on the man. John quickly became the voice in his head, reminding him of annoyingly banal things.
. He bit his lip to stop a smirk from stretching his face. Looking back at Sherlock, he saw him lick his lips and his eyes darken. John raised a questioning eyebrow at his flatmate/boyfriend, filing away the image for further discussion and examination.
The doctor, John struggled to remember his name, only knowing his face because he was the one who was going to bring John's world crashing around his ears, walked into the room. Every cell in John's body went on high alert, his blood practically vibrating. Subconsciously he was aware that he had stood, that his hands had found their way into fists and that he looked ready to bolt. Either to Sherlock or from his body, he wasn't sure.
“I’m fine, John. Simple case. Should be in and out quickly.” Sherlock feigned nonchalance and turned his face toward the window, hand still twitching.
“What do I even play? I haven’t play in 10 years, Sherlock and even then I had never learned to play anything classical.” John said, not bothering to be ashamed of the panic in his voice.
It took a minute for the red tint to ebb away from the sides of his vision, to realise he had been standing there for nearly five minutes without saying anything, and to notice that Sherlock was staying stock still. John needed names. He needed them now.
John doesn’t really register getting out of bed. He doesn’t realise he’s stumbling down the hallway and through the kitchen until he’s standing a hair’s breadth away from away from Sherlock Holmes, his lips inches from his neck. He presses a soft kiss against the skin below his hairline before moving to Sherlock’s side. He gently pries the worn Stradivarius out of Sherlock’s hands; his while body as stiff as a board, and places it in Sherlock’s chair. He stands fully in front of Sherlock now, peppering kisses all over his neck and face and jaw.
"Mr. Watson?" John's head snapped up at the sound of his name. In front of him was a young nurse. She was short with shoulder length blonde hair, green eyes, and freckles. At another time, when his best friend wasn't laying in a hospital bed and there wasn't a ring on his left hand, he would have most definitely flirted with her. But as it was, he was married and his best friend had a hole in his chest.
"Right. Sherlock texted me to meet him at Magnussen's office and when I got there he started telling me about the security."
Greg looks at him for a second, then he reaches over and grabs his pad and pen. "What business did Sherlock have with Magnussen?"
and do something anything to help this beautiful genius. But he stopped. He froze. His heart shattered into a million pieces. It put itself back together again.
much, Sherlock and I’m so sorry. I’m so so sorry.” John kissed Sherlock’s lips, his face, his eyes, his nose, his jaw. All over, everywhere he could kiss, he kissed saying nothing but
you, John. I didn’t have a choice, I had to keep you safe. I needed to make sure his network was destroyed, I needed to keep you safe.” There was the fear again. In his voice, his face his eyes. But this time it was John making him afraid. Sherlock had hurt enough,
"How is my brother, Dr. Watson?" His voice was calm and collected, same as it always was. John was prepared to smash is unfeeling skull into the linoleum floor when he looked up and saw Mycroft's face. He seemed unaffected at first glance, but there was fear in his eyes. John was by no means as smart as either Sherlock or Mycroft but he was not blind. He was in the army for god's sake, he knows how to read a room and a body, living or dead. John had debated whether Mycroft's concern had been out of familial obligation or if he actually cared. The answer was clear on Mycroft's face.
John paused. It wasn't as though the thought had never occurred to him. Many times he found himself questioning what he was doing with Mary. Finding out Sherlock had left his wedding early was like a bullet to the heart. The month afterward was like the resulting infection. He had long since accepted that he needed Sherlock the way Sherlock needed cases. The way normal people needed air. He would wake up in bed, beside Mary, from dreams of Sherlock and late night London cab chases wondering why he had gone through with it. He loved Mary, he truly did. And like Sherlock, she had come at a point in his life when he was questioning living at all. But then Sherlock came back, and underneath all the rage and hurt he was so unbelievably happy. When he had grabbed Sherlock in the restaurant he wasn't sure if he was going to kiss Sherlock or kill him.
John woke up, groaning softly at the muffled notes floating down the hall and through the closed bedroom door. He glanced at the clock on the bedside drawer that red out 4.38 a.m.
having the most mind blowing shag anyone could ever imagine. John tries very hard not to think about that one.
isn't ready to think about that yet, let alone talk about it. "So she buzzes us up," John cuts in. "And we get there and she's gone. I see her on the floor by her desk and check on her. She was fine, minor blow to the head. I tried talking to her and she responded a little but she was basically knocked out. Sherlock walks farther and finds a security guard knocked out as well."
"Oh, just some newspapers. Thought Sherlock might like to know what people have been saying. Can he have visitors?"
"Might be best if you do it, actually. One of these days Sherlock's liable to get himself killed by saying the wrong thing instead of getting-" He cuts of abruptly. He doesn't need to finish. They both know what he was going to say anyway.
John wraps an arm around Sherlock’s waist while snaking his other hand to Sherlock’s neck, pulling him flush against his body. “What the hell are you talking about?” John growls. John starts backing them toward his chair and he pushes Sherlock down in it, straddling him “You have nothing to apologise for. I should have done this months ago.” He attacks Sherlock’s neck, sucking and biting and licking so hard that he’s sure to leave a hickey for everyone to see.
. The embarrassment at being completely shell shocked repeating the word 'dinner' over and over in his head and out loud while Sherlock tried to explain exactly who Magnussen was. He imagined his expression was much like the one on Greg's face currently.
“Sorry?” I look up immediately at the confusion in his voice, and find that his face matches. Eyebrows furrowed, head titled slightly, looking like an inquisitive little boy who’s just asked why the sky was blue and had gotten an answer that didn’t make a lick of sense.
John was there every time he had to hold a gun, had to pull the trigger. He heard the shattering of a university window instead of a gunshot.
For the first time John understood Sherlock's frustration with minds of, in Sherlock's opinion, average intelligence. He didn't understand what it meant. There were people who claimed to see things after they've been resuscitated, brought back from the dead
He felt like it was him, not Sherlock, in the OR getting a bullet pulled from his body. He felt like it was him, not Sherlock, who had flatlined 5 minutes earlier in the middle of surgery. He felt like it was him, not Sherlock, who had a hole torn through his chest.
detective. Sherlock never paid anyone as much attention as he paid to John and John no longer pretended to pay attention to anyone else. Sherlock belonged to John and John belonged to Sherlock. That was just the way it was and John was not going to do anything to change that. So he cleared his throat and turned his head to hide his blush.
. Greg scanned the scene, looking at Sherlock like he might need to call an ambulance for him, and reached around to pull out his handcuffs. John was confused for a moment before he saw Greg looking at him with a regretful expression, and his brain finally caught up.
“Well he would have gotten away if I hadn’t been hit by a cab. I’m concerned about your priorities.”
"No. So, Sherlock scans the card and, I had no idea yet that Janine was the PA, but she answered and Sherlock asked to come up. Janine's a good person, honest. So of course she says no, she can't. Sherlock, the complete dickhead, pulls out a ring and proposes to her." His throat feels thick and his stomach drops like a 15 ton stone in water as the images of Sherlock holding a ring to the camera flashes before him. He had never wanted to throw up more in his life. Wanted to scream and stomp his feet like a 4 year old yelling 'Mine! Mine! Mine!'
He absolutely hated it when Mycroft was right, which, unfortunately, was always. It didn't matter now. As smart as Mycroft was, why didn't he see that it didn't matter anymore? He had married Mary and they had a child on the way. What did Mycroft expect? That John would leave Mary, confess his love, and Sherlock would somehow magically be to access his ability to love? That he'd welcome John and a
