He was worried about Bucky, and he was worried about Peter and today his anxiety was flaring up and he was remembering too much from before and it's not really what he needed to be doing today.
Wade turned back into the bathroom and let off a round just beside one of the boy's heads. One of the girls was crying, nearly begging for her life. One of the other boys was begging that they be let go, but the sleazy one that said drugging Peter was 'no big deal' was just smirking. Wade asked him if he thought any of this was fucking funny, and he just laughed, being too high to comprehend what was happening. Wade had had enough.
Their consideration of the idea shot through the roof when T'Challa returned to the hospital waiting room, politely introduced himself, and then politely answered all of the questions Steve could think of. Wakanda wasn't quite like the rest of the world, but they still considered themselves very modern and farther ahead of the rest of the world as far as electronics and science went.
Bucky's eyes traveled upwards, not really focusing on anything as he lifted a gun from their makeshift table. Bucky thought this was incredibly similar to something that happened in one of those action movies that Peter showed him once. Where the 'good guys' had one of the bad guys trapped in some warehouse and were being all stoic and such... Really just proves how much of the stuff in those movies could actually happen in real life.
Bucky walked back into the house and quickly opened Natalia's laptop. He double-tapped a button that brought up Friday. She greeted him and he returned it before asking that she bring up the signal from Peter's watch.
Wade looked over the table and saw the crusted blood on the tools and began fuming as he gathered them. This was all he had so far in the way of getting Peter out of here, and he was gonna fucking take it.
"Oh, Peter... You know it's not that easy to get away from me... You know there's only one way now."
It was then that Peter happened to look down and finally see the vomit caked into his clothes, crusted on his hands. He began to tear up at wondering what the hell happened to him, but he calmed down once Wade cupped his cheeks.
"Haven't bothered to touch ya 'cause ya haven't bothered bein' good." Bucky watched the look on Tony's face. He saw the way his words stung Stark's ego, the way they stabbed his heart. "You ain't been nothin' but rude and inconsiderate to e'ryone around you, and m'gettin' really tired of it."
"I don't know if you noticed, Tin Man, but life's not fair." All three of them shifted their attention to the door, where Tony stood with Bruce next to him. They'd been attached at the hip since Peter got back. Tony knew all about machines, sure, but Bruce knew about people. Tony knew about people too, but he knew what made them tick, what set them off. Tony Stark knew what people wanted and knew just how to take it away from them. Bruce Banner knew people in a whole different light.
Rescuing people was so deeply ingrained into Steve's mind that he spared the bad guys. He didn't really kill unless he needed to. There was always someone else to do the dirty work. Steve had his strategies, everyone else was good with the
Flash took up the mantle as their leader, and soon there was a whole plethora of kids calling him 'Penis Parker'.
He remembers feeling like he might really get lucky this time, even though that wasn't the point, to begin with. He remembers Bucky looking all suave in his uniform and he remembers being fucking
As the day progressed, and Peter helped unload the crates from the jet, he began to look paler. Tony chalked it up to it being all the 'excitement' from the guns.
Peter thought it was so strange that it seemed like he had four parents when one of them only cared about him for his brain, one of them dropped a ramp on him, and the other two didn't do a whole lot of speaking to him, even now.
"Listen, I think there's something wrong with the serum you gave me." On the other end, silence, but he knew he was being listened to rather intently. "His healing powers are fucked. Some kids drugged him tonight and his body isn't fighting it off as fast as it should. You either need to tell me how to remove the serum, or find me something that'll up his healing abilities back to normal. This wasn't part of the deal."
"Why? So you can keep usin' him as an experiment? He's a human bein' for cryin' out loud!" Bucky held him a little closer to his chest, a little tighter. He stood a little higher, a little stronger. Way back when, in the far away 40's, there was a version of James Buchannan Barnes that wanted to have children in his life. He wanted to have little versions of himself and the man that he loved running around, despite the impossibility of it all. They'd once considered a surrogate, but with homosexuality still being illegal, it was nothing more than a dream... But now there was a child, and even though he carried none of his blood through his veins, he had plenty of resemblance to him and Steve both.
Wade wanted Peter to feel it all. He wanted Peter to feel him when he walked and when he sat. He wanted Peter to remember the feeling of being pounded in this alleyway when he beat off late at night when he knew nobody would see his sinful indecency or hear his pathetic moans. Wade wanted Peter to need him. To desperately plead and beg for another chance of having Wade inside of him, and at this point, he could already have what he wanted.
In Stark's storage room he'd found ziplock bags of money confiscated from the pockets of other villains, so it was obviously a no-brainer to just pack it all... Just in case.
Sometime in between Wanda promising that she'll be right back, she's in the middle of helping Steve not blow up the kitchen, and her actually walking out of his apartment, Peter's managed to zone out again. This memory felt so much worse than the last that his head started to throb.
They spent the rest of the day and all of the night making repairs, and that was just to the old apartment and the one downstairs that they'd picked for Peter to have, and everyone put in the effort to make the repairs go quicker and smoother. Electricians rewired the apartments in fairly quick fashion for how much needed to be done.
Peter quickly shook his head rather than speaking. He didn't trust his voice or the armed man across from him. The man just smirked and sat his gun down on the table, nodding his head all the while.
Rumlow had released his hair and taken a step back. The man with the arm was repeating himself again, that same phrase. The one that kept them both sane inside of this hell. "Barnes... James Buchanan... Sergeant... 3... 2... 5... 5..."
Despite his arms being in chains that hung from the wall, he tried to reach out to touch the boy. The boy flinched a little at the sudden movement and Wade apologized for startling him.
Some instinct of his told him to lunge over and kick the man right out the window, and he tried, but the man easily jumped over him and when he spun around he saw a blonde man staring down at him.
It didn't take a genius like Bruce Banner to know that Peter Parker would never act without being totally sure of himself. So right now, Wade knew Peter was just worried about him... But Wade also knew that this wasn't just for the fun of it, or because he meant anything to Peter. He was meant to serve as a distraction for Peter, nothing more. He also knew that shutting the kid down would set the kid off worse than just letting him do his thing would, and so Wade just did what he knew he needed to do, and pulled Peter's hips down to settle on his lap.
With one final look over her, he stepped out of the freezer, and closed the door, locking it in place behind him.
The unusual thing is that while two of his 'parents' were on base, neither of them came to his aid tonight. With Tony and Steve gone, that just left Bucky and Nat. Peter had made it clear to Vision and Friday both that if his parents were being... intimate, they were meant to be left alone. He looked up to see a figure in the doorway, shrouded in darkness and he flinched, scooting back in his bed until he collided with the wall.
So he roamed the halls for what seemed like hours. He twisted and turned through different floors and passed through enough doors he figured he'd be lost from now on. He strolled right up to a glass wall that he felt he only recognized from what seemed like a dream he'd been in so long ago.
Wade, who was not opposed to this side of Peter taking control, lifted his hips so Peter could pull his jeans off. Though any one of Peter's 'parents' could walk in at any moment, Wade knew that Peter absolutely loved the risk of being caught. If any of them thought something was gonna happen, they didn't seem too concerned. Wade hooked his fingers in the waistband of Peter's sweats and the two of them made quick work of getting them off.
He stayed there, how long he wasn't sure, until Bucky came to get him. Bucky signed the little paper and walked around the desk to carefully scoop Peter up off of the cold floor. Peter curled up to Bucky's chest and squeezed his eyes shut. He felt dizzy but held tightly onto Bucky's shoulders.
"Damn, it gets hot in there sometimes." He laughed before tossing the mask onto the bed and pulling Peter close to him.
Bucky did not react to the touch in the same way he normally would have. Instead, he put more focus into removing the bullet from Peter's side.
Nowadays they didn't have that problem. Money was a lot different now. A dollar then was almost 20 dollars now. 50 dollars was now worth 900 dollars. Bucky's still amazed at this new world.
But again, Wade tends not to give a shit about anyone that isn't himself sometimes, and so the next time that he catches Peter looking, he doesn't hesitate in lunging across the couch and smashing his lips onto Peter's.
It hadn't even been a full 30 seconds after the door had closed after Wanda's exit that Peter turned to the scarred mercenary. "So, even after they blow your brains out, you get to keep your memories?"
He nods and from across the room, Natasha can hear the quiet whir of the metal plates in his arm shifting, grinding together. She didn't have to look to know he'd clenched his fist, angry that he couldn't help.
He rounded the couch to see Mr. Strange's body on the ground, holes through his hands, crucifixion style... His cape was still shifting beneath him as if trying to wake him. Peter felt tears spring to his eyes. Right next to him was what was left of Vision. The yellow stone was missing from his forehead.
In his dream, the harsh and horrible reality of his life did not end but instead elevated. He threw open a set of heavy double doors and saw May chained to a table identical to the one he'd previously been on.
Tony couldn't hear the other end of the conversation, but he listened as Peter set up a meeting with Wade somewhere obscure at some strange time tomorrow. Once they hung up, Peter gathered his things, and very calmly said, "I need to talk to Bucky as soon as I get the chance."
Peter did nothing but nod his head, wanting to do his best to be good. Wade got tired of muffling the beautiful sounds Peter was making, so instead, he just slipped his fingers into Peter's mouth, letting the moans and drool run all over the place. Wade could feel his own edge, and he was standing on it.
Peter's body could heal broken bones in 24 hours. 3rd degree burns vanished in just 48 hours. So what was up with him now? He had a shoulder that hadn't healed at all in 34 hours and his burns hadn't even begun to heal... Tony didn't have any research he could do on this, there were no documents, no files. The doctors managed to set his shoulder, and after that, it healed fine, but his burns healed so slowly...
Right at his feet was Wanda... Or, what was left of her. Her head was turned the completely wrong way and her left leg was laying several feet away. Over the back of the couch was Sam, two large slices through his chest. His blood trickled down the once white upholstery and onto the face of Clint, whose eyes looked as if they'd been clawed out of his skull. Several bullet holes filled his stomach.
Scott was covered in blood, and draped across his legs was Mr. Banner, a single bullet wound to the temple... Except, if there was one thing that Peter knew about angles, it's that this one wound in the whole room was self-inflicted.
Hell, he just saved Sam's life, and Mr. Stark was only going to see him as reckless, rather than the hero that he actually was. And he wasn't about to let Mr. Stark look down on him anymore.
Wade gives Peter a few minutes to calm down before he stands and grabs the last and large box from the floor.
Peter felt for sure that the Merc was going to make fun of him, and as he turned to leave, he heard, "Wait. Despite my steely exterior, I'm actually bored as fuck down here by myself."
Each strike stung worse than the last. Each blow landing like a bomb to the Earth. The skin ripped on impact, the sores festered and bled. Lips split open and eyes swelled shut. Teeth and blood fell to the floor and bruises covered him head to toe.
Steve scooted closer, curling his wide body into itself as he sat at Bucky's feet. "What are you talking about?"
Before I went away, I promised this chapter would be Nat-centric and you guys deserve that so much since I was gone for so long and left you hanging.
Maybe he didn't like killing people, but today he wouldn't say a damn word if everyone else in this jet murdered every single asshole on the inside. These were the Avengers, and their youngest member, their friend, their son, was in danger.
He even bought Aunt May something, despite not having seen or heard from her in weeks... Either she was horribly injured somewhere, or just didn't want anything to do with Peter right now. He figured it was probably the latter and decided that if she didn't want him, then he wouldn't put in the time to think about her. Yea, he bought her the gift, but whether she'd ever get it or not was up to her now.
The two continued on, making love in a rickety bed. The creaking sound of the bed frame mixed in with the sound of their moans, and it was almost like a song the way the tones pressed together, just how those boys were. Pressed together so closely that nothing could ever come between them. Lips and tongues meeting somewhere in the middle of it all, dancing together like a couple at a ball.
"I'm safe now, right? You're not... Nothing's gonna happen, right?" His voice was breaking a little and it hurt Wade's heart.
But he couldn't. He couldn't tell them that everything was fine because it wasn't. Their boy was missing and the whole base could feel it. They could feel the overwhelming panic and emptiness. Tony hadn't slept in days. Neither had Bucky. Nobody had, really.
And Bucky's head was spinning, not just from the pain coursing through his body, but from trying to wrap his head around what the hell this guy was even saying to him, his words weren't exactly registering properly. T'Challa glanced back to a woman sat on the seat next to where he'd just been and she shrugged a little before crossing her arms. Bucky could already tell that she would be a force to be reckoned with, should he piss her off somehow and it freaked him out a little.
Though strapped to a chair and probably starving, Rumlow just laughed from beneath the bag. Now that Bucky was a safe distance away, he was able to put back up the wall that made him seem tough in the face of danger.
"He says that um... He had a dream that The Winter Soldier was back and that he um... Hurt us, while we were sleeping, and that he woke up covered in our blood."
Wade brushes Peter's hair back and pulls his mask up to give him a kiss on the forehead. "I heard you were sick and I came to check up on you."
He begins sobbing, curling tightly in on himself, hands clutching at his chest. Tony pulls the boy tightly to his own chest as he sobs, scratching at his own skin in a fit of desperation and rage as he cries, screaming out in angry agony. He keeps repeating himself, screaming out, 'Why, why, why?!"
And Steve obliged. He wheeled the boy down to his room without qualms and left the boy there just the same. Peter was glad. He felt he could finally have a moment to breathe, despite not really doing much breathing at the moment. He felt trapped, not in this space, but in his head, in his body. He didn't know who he was or who he could be. There was a gentle flash of memory behind his eyes and he could see a healthier version of himself walking across his room.
“Kid-- Look, My name is Steve. What’s yours?” Steve sighs, underestimating just how protective the kid was of Tony.
Steve Rogers was trudging along the sidewalk, on his way to pick flowers in an attempt to impress Peggy Carter, the girl he had harbored a crush on for perhaps 2 years, when he met Tony Stark. Steve wasn’t quite sure who the other kid was, as if he ever watched TV or kept up with the tabloids, he probably would have recognized the other boy. Lost in his own world, Steve physically stumbled directly into the Tony, who was looking lost and confused.
Stepping across the steps, as Steve opened the door, the first sense that overwhelmed Tony was the sense of pure joy from the tiny room inside. The room was probably only about the size of his closet back at the lonely mansion, back what it lacked in size, it made up for the sheer amount of talking as Tony found himself staring back at a handful of 6 people lounging around.
Steve sits on the kitchen counter, seriously considering resorting to caffeine as he rolled the dusty coffee package in his hand.
“That’s what I said!” Bucky’s voice comes from behind Steve from the other side, dripping with sarcasm.
“Rhodey?” Tony laughed, before hugging his friend tightly in pure joy. Rhodey was perhaps the only friend his father ever allowed Tony to hang out with, most likely because his best friend’s parents were quite powerful themself, and could benefit Stark Industries, not because Howard had done so out of love for Tony.
“I love you, Steve.” Tony croaked from where he laid on the ground, “I’ve always loved you - just, I guess we really could never work, could we? Too much has happened, too much hurt, and Steve, we can’t ever trust each other.”
Whispers immediately broke out among the class. Tony Stark was notoriously famous for being the only son of Howard Stark, a millionaire genius whose scandals and nightly escapes were constantly online.
“Clint. Shut the fuck up.” Steve yells, snapping at his friend, his face turning bright red in anger.
Steve jolted up slightly. He hadn’t even noticed that everyone had left, too busy staring down at his drink and watching Tony from the corner of his eye.
When an 12 year old Tony met one James Rhodes, the boy learned what it was like to have a friend, his age, to have someone he could rely on.
He drifts off after a while, tuning out the drone of the teacher, until a sudden open of the door startles him back to reality. The rest of the class looks up as well, where they meet a boy wearing sunglasses, even inside, and dressed in clothes which exude expensive and high maintenance.
And sure, Steve was so grateful for their help, but as he killed another creature, the first one he succeeded in doing so for over 10 minutes, he couldn't help but feel so utterly useless, that he couldn't be the leader that they all thought he was, that
When Steve was young, the skinny little kid had trouble making friends, choosing to sit by himself in the corner during school. The other kids either made fun of him, or chose to ignore the odd frail stick whose eyes seemed to burn into their soul.
Tony stared back at him, before pulling Steve into a kiss, which made his toes curls and the world spin from not having touched Tony for so long. He didn’t realize just how much he had missed the billionaire. “Steve.” He choked out. “I had a Captain America plush when I was little. I read your comic books. I played with your action figures in the bathtub everyday when I was 3 and Howard didn’t hate me as much yet. You think you’re not good enough for me? You’re fucking Captain America. I idolized you for so long, I had a whole room of souvenirs for you, I read endless books about you, I wanted to be you for god’s sake. You’re the most amazing force of nature I’ve ever known. You’re the best hero the world has ever known.”
And in this universe, Steve holds Tony a little closer to his chest. They’ll be okay. They have to be. Because Steve doesn’t think he can survive if they aren’t.
“See you in another universe, my love,” Tony whispered, before the light drained from his eyes, his hand falling slack against the ground, and Steve stumbled backward on his hands, staring at Tony, at his
“Steve. We can’t work together. We would have driven each other insane, and without trust, I don’t think our love could have been enough to save us.” Tony smiled, closing his eyes.
“Tony. Please I- I'm so sorry for everything. I’m so in love with you.” Steve cups Tony’s cheek, flinching at the papery white feel of his skin, reminding Steve, yet again, that they didn’t have time, didn’t have any time until everything fell apart.
The rest of them simply stared back at him in shock, uncomprehending the situation, and just why a random stranger that Steve found showed up on their doorstep. “Steve, why are are you just picking up people from the street?” Tony found himself staring in the disapproving eyes of a scary redhead who looked she had snap himself quite literally, into half.
Tony’s eyes meet with his, shock and nostalgia filtering through his dark eyes, before settling on a blank, unreadable motion.
Tony waved goodbye to Rhodey after a while talking and catching up, the two of them not exchanging any means of contact for the fear of Howard, once again, but Rhodey promised that he would visit if he could, before vanishing.
For a month, everything seemed almost like it would work out, and Tony began to actually live his life without existing in constant fear of being found by his dad and taken back to the cold mansion where he would again, endure the torment and loneliness daily. He wasn’t sure he could handle that anymore, especially after figuring how to live as he spent more and more time with the rest of the group.
Sure enough, when Steve reached Tony’s workshop, the other man was hard at work, although his movement seemed to be slightly slower than usual, fingers slightly shaking in exhaustion.
Steve looked at him, before his gaze went down to Tony’s lip, and he angrily slammed Tony into a wall, and sealing his lips on Tony’s.
“Wait!” Rhodey caught Tony’s arm, and Tony’s heartbeat quickened even more, fear creeping into his heart for the first time in somewhile. “I’m not... I’m not here to bring you back Tones.”
The same boy who couldn’t seem to acknowledge him now, but had definitely recognized Steve, the same boy who would now make a crashing appearance back into his life.
He walks into class, slumping into a seat by the window, where he sits perfectly shadowed by Thor in front of him, allowing him to spend the time sketching and daydreaming instead of paying attention.
Tony squealed from the workshop, a sound he would vehemently deny later, beckoning Steve to come over to look at the screen. Steve couldn’t read any of the code, but in the middle lay a single message from Opportunity.
By the next time someone rang the doorbell in the search for Tony, his life had gone somewhat back to normal, despite the drastic safety measures that now covered the apartment after Rhodey came and Tony realized his father was indeed looking for him.
Bucky scoffs besides steve. “I don’t see what’s so special about someone who has no respect for others.”
Steve stumbles his way into the kitchen, immediately making his way towards the fridge. On a normal day, he would have been up and running out of the door for his daily morning run an hour ago, but it would seem that everything that transpired yesterday had taken more energy out of Steve than he originally thought.
Steve stood there in the field, with the rest of the Avengers flanking him behind for support, and all he could do was remind himself to breathe. He wasn’t sure whether it was some new threat that they needed to be ready for, or something else. Or perhaps even, some part of him dared to hope that the ship coming down could be Tony, who vanished in space before everything exploded, and was neither confirmed to be dead or alive. The more rational part of him knew that Tony could be dead, but his heart wouldn’t stop hoping, stop believing that Tony was still out there, fighting and alive.
Tony lit up like someone flicked on a switch inside him, constantly jumping up at any chance of talking about science or flaunting his own achievements with someone. “Yes! Please come right in.”
Peter’s face turns stormy, as he closes himself off to more prodding. “Tony would have told me about you. You’re just trying to take advantage of him like every other person in his life.”
Tony wasn’t okay, but he learned to be fine with his life, so he dealt with it. He learned to grow up a little too fast, how to close himself off from the world. The young genius learned physics, learned math, understood concepts which grown men could not even comprehend, but he wasn’t happy.
When it ended, Tony smiled at Steve, the sort of genuine smile that he could only make around the other boy, before slipping out of his life.
“Tony. You know I’m not good at this! I don’t do this … whatever thing you do at these things. I don’t know how to make all these rich people like me.”
By the time Tony slips into the front door of the apartment, Peter clutching his hand tightly behind him, Tony is simply so fucking tired of everything that happened during the school day. He looks down at Peter, whose eyes were slightly red from crying, and Tony sighs, reaching down for Peter and putting him on the couch.
The other kid blinked in shock, probably not expecting someone to so readily help him. “I’m Tony.” He smiled hesitantly. “I need to hide somewhere but I don’t really know where to um...”
Clint continues to snoop around the couch, before he pulls out a small piece of paper, and suddenly, Steve’s blood runs cold.
Tony stays in his car by the entrance, already noticing a decently sized crowd begin to gather, all excited to see the first glimpse of the Tony Stark. He smirks slightly, before shooting a thank you to Happy and beginning to get out of the car in a normal showy fashion.
Because sometimes it wasn’t enough. It wasn’t enough to wish that things could be together because they never could have had the chance in the beginning. Two people loved each other, but it wasn’t enough, it would never be enough. Steve and Tony could have had forever. And maybe the did, somewhere else. But not here, never here.
“Sure.” Steve smiles. “Maybe a little earlier, not all of us can survive just on caffeine without sleep.”
“Why do you even like me, Tony?” Steve dropped his head in defeat, as Tony slowly tilted his chin up to force eye contact with him.
Steve jumps down from the counter, running over the snatching the piece of paper away from Clint’s prying hands. “Clint. Give me the paper.”
“Guys, this is Tony. Can you guys hide him and spare a room or something? I think he’s on the run from someone.”
Well, Tony thinks, at least he wouldn’t have to worry about that anymore. It’s better for both of them if they stayed away from each other.
Clint smiles, holding up his hand to dangle the keys from his wrist. “You guys should really be more considerate of where you put your keys. I mean underneath the conveniently placed plant next to the door?”
“Guess what, guess what!” Peter rolls forward and backwards on the balls of his feet, his excitement crackling in the air as if it were somehow tangible.
The two of them sat with each other, before Tony looked up back at his best friend. “What about my father? What are you going to tell him?”
Tony quickly found himself slipping seamlessly into the small group of friends. They meshed well together, and after Tony finally broke down one day , and spilled his life story and reason why he was running away from home, none of them judged him. If anything, they became fiercely protective of him, Steve more so than everyone else.
Tony woke up in Steve’s arms as usual, grumbling when the light from the blinds hit him in the eye. He turned over to Steve’s chest who was loosely spooning him from behind, stuffing his face back into the darkness.
Their meetings became the highlight of both of their lives. Tony wishing he wouldn’t have to go back to the cold dark mansion, empty of abuse from his father, but no less depressing, and did very little to bring happiness to his life. Steve wishing he didn’t have to always go back to being trapped in his apart, loved, but feeling useless, spending his days drawing and trying not to become sick.
Maria Stark locked herself away, as if the young Tony simply didn’t have a mother. So, Howard Stark, who simply knew how to be cold, uncaring, and be a businessman making money, took out his anger on his son.
Tony looks up in shock, his eyes meeting with another boy who looks to be about the same age as him, perhaps younger, whose eyes were an astonishing color of the ocean.
“I don’t know. Sometimes, yeah.” Tony wasn’t sure why he would ever tell a stranger that but for some reason he thought he could trust the strange boy.
And then, there was the subject of Steve. Steve was certainly something else. The guy found him on the street of all places, giving him a home, a family which he had so long been deprived of. Sometimes, Tony found himself looking at Steve in a different light, as if he could fall in love with him, but quickly pushed it out of his thoughts. After all, someone like Steve deserved much better than Tony, a messed up teenager on a run from his dad.
Peter rambles on without stopping. “Aunt May said that I could spend that day with you today because my teacher is sick already and substitutes are stupid. And the school already said yes since Mr. Fury is nice. So please?” Tony is about to refuse, not wishing that Peter would get in the middle of all the bullshit that this high school is, or honestly any place that Tony usually went to outside of his own apartment. But one look at the boy’s puppy dog eyes, just pleading for him to say yes, his resolve breaks.
When Steve woke up, the spot next to him was cold, and he sighed to himself before getting up to go find Tony. His boyfriend had surely not even eaten yet, considering that he was utter shit at taking care of himself, and Steve sometimes wonders why Tony forced himself to be so self-destructive every day.
“We’re okay Tony. Please just stay. With us, with me. Please, Tony.” Steve’s sobs turned desperate, as he sat there, begging the universe for just one more chance in which maybe, just maybe, the two of them could be happy together.
“What about Tony?” Steve attempts to ask gently. It would seem that perhaps the only way to get answers on just who exactly Tony Stark is, would be to go through the young kid in front of him.
Crumpling up the piece of paper, Steve stops for a second momentarily, before quickly running out of the hallway into his class, a tear running down his cheek as he avoids the eyes of his schoolmates or his friends. And in class, he slumps into his seat, making no eye contact with all of the looks being shot at him, from Tony, from his friends, even from the teacher sometimes who wonders why the boy seemed so sad in the back of the class.
Tony couldn’t breathe. It wasn’t gentle, it wasn’t like those kisses in the movies where everything suddenly becomes all right with the world, all their problems fade away, and fireworks randomly burst around them.
It was fine for Steve though, but Sarah Rogers worried constantly for her son’s future, as she watched him sit in the floor scribbling away at tiny pieces of paper with a crayon which was falling apart.
“You don’t get to fucking decide that for me Steve! Don’t you think you should have at least asked before you decided to go off and ignore me all of sudden for a literal week? I waited! I waited and I didn’t know what I did wrong, but all I could think about was how I was going to lose you! Did you even think about how I might feel? Steve, I love you so much. So, you don’t get to fucking decide to break off this one year relationship without even talking to me. Did you know it’s our anniversary today? Did you know I spent the whole entire fucking day just waiting, waiting for you to come and maybe surprise me. Waiting, that maybe, perhaps I was wrong, perhaps you were just making some grand gesture or something. And the days over, and all I can think is that this is my fault. Steve, I–I can’t keep going on like this.”
Steve pulled away moments later, making Tony groan childishly from the lack of contact again. Steve leaned in for another kiss before noticing the tear tracks present on Tony’s face underneath the ever-present black circles resulting from the lack of sleep.
They stopped in front of each other, the tension palpable in the air as nobody dared to move. But the two of them were in their own little bubble, eyes only focused on each other as the rest of the world fell away too. Steve stood there, close to breaking, so close to just letting himself finally cry after so long, content to finally be in Tony’s waiting arms.
Once again, Tony was home alone when the doorbell rang. This time on the other side of the door was someone Tony didn’t recognize, who introduced himself as “Mr. Stane”.
The teacher sighs, pushing up their glasses before turning to the rest of the glass. “Class, this is Tony Stark, he is going to join our school for your last year.”
long time no see? the sad thing is that me updating now is considered relatively fast for me. anyways! thanks for reading! i'm sorry that this chapter isn't as long as some of you may have wanted, i've mostly been doing my tumblr requests instead of writing for this fic, but i hope that i will soon get back to writing this daily/regularly. i would appreciate greatly kudos and comments :)
Tony breaks out into a smile, before flinging Steve into a hug, burrowing his head into his chest. Steve smiles in contentment, before pulling Tony into a kiss, which lasts a little longer than it really should.
“Get off me.” Steve grumbles, shutting his locker after pulling out a massive amount of books for class.
“Peter! The Cafeteria is that way.” Steve points in the other direction of where Peter is currently heading.
Sometimes later, after Steve had picked himself off from Tony’s workshop, slipping out to avoid any more disturbance towards the genius and went to go on his morning run, he came back to an excited Tony waiting for him in front of the elevator where he stepped off.
“I don’t want you to be that uncomfortable though. If you really don’t want to come, you don’t have to.”
Steve laughed. He found himself doing that a lot lately, far more than he had ever thought he would since being defrosted 70 years into the future. “I’m proud of you shellhead. I knew you could do it.”
Rhodey smiled wistfully. “Give me more credit here. I love you Tones, and I-I always figured that you would run away someday. I wanted to help you run away if I’m being honest. You’re happy here, and all I wanted for you is for you to finally have some happiness in your life.”
Tony was fifteen when he decided to run away from home. At this point, he now knew the many masks he could keep up to portray himself as someone who was perfectly fine. He was a genius, building his first circuit board as only a child, and already building quite a few robots, his father having grown worried that his teenage son who would pass him in achievement, in recognition. And so, the past few years, the abuse, the demeaning, condescending glances passed over him grew worse than it had ever been before.
“For a few months I was so happy. You didn’t know who I was though, and you should have never known. I miss you, and I wish we could be friends again, best friends. But we can’t, and I can’t talk to you anymore, like this or otherwise. I’m sorry Steve. -Tony”
Tony looked angrily back at Steve. “What the fuck? That was my one chance to finally make a name for myself, but what do you do? You ruined my life! I know you’re protective but it was literally a fucking --”
The rest of them looked up from where they were watching TV and shouting at each other, abruptly becoming quiet as they stared at both of them curiously, Tony more so than Steve.
Steve’s hand dropped too, his head hitting the ground with astounding finality, a finality that the two of them would be together after all, in death. In another universe, somewhere else, this could have been avoided. Instead, Steve and Tony might have trusted each other, gotten married, had kids, or perhaps, just learned how to be happy together. But here, in this universe, two people laid there wrapped up in each other, two bodies, side by side, perhaps torn apart in life, but together in death. And perhaps most strikingly, for two people who had carried a lifetime of pain on their shoulder, in their final rest, they were finally at peace.
Steve turns away from him, but couldn’t get the picture of his eyes out of his head, the same eyes that haunted him throughout his first year of high school, the eyes that constantly appeared in his dreams, although their appearance has decreased after a while.
Steve found himself shying away from Tony in the long run after that day. It had been 2 weeks since then, and Steve often slipped out of the room when he saw Tony, chalking his reasoning up to the fact that it was simply by coincidence that he never managed to be in the same room as Tony did for a whole 14 days.
Steve wasn’t sure how long they were just standing there, looking at each other, soaking each other up, but also too afraid, to make the first move, too much history, too much betrayal, too little trust between the two of them.
Instead of explaining anything at all, or even greeting Steve for that matter, instead, Tony shoves another piece of paper into his hand, before once again, vanishing with the confused kid trailing behind him.
Steve sighs looking up from his coffee package which still sits in his palm. “Your busy day doing what? Spying on people from random places and stuffing your face with my food?”
As he watched the ship land, Steve gripped the makeshift shield that T’Challa left him in Wakanda tighter, stiffening in preparation. But when the door flipped open, nothing threatening emerged, instead there was the shadow of 2 people, heavily leaning on to each other. One of them seemed to be a robot of sorts, metal covering her, but when Steve shifted his eyes to the own leaning on the other, his breath hitched, stumbling forward to lift his eyes up to one Tony Stark.
“Are you that embarrassed? It’s okay Steve. Look, I know you’re a virgin and everything but that doesn’t mean --”
Rhodey looked away, uncomfortable, and this was the first sign that something was wrong, simply because not once had Tony ever seen Rhodey almost bashful in front of him. A cold thought crossed through his mind, and he snapped his head up to look at his friend who had yet to step into the small place Tony had grown to call home.
Tony Stark was born into a cold unloving family, where his father viewed him as simply a piece on the chess game of life, a piece for him to manipulate and mold into the perfect person to continue his legacy at Stark Industries. His mother loved her son with all her heart, but would never stand up to her husband, for the fear of her life.
The two kids would meet when they were both 14, the summer before high school. Although they both knew what it was like to have a best friend now, they would now know also, how it was like to love someone with all your heart, even if they didn’t know it at first
Tony stared in wonderment at Steve who was walking purposefully in front of him. The guy was surely something else, as Tony was pretty sure he had never met someone who was so readily willing to help some random kind they met off the streets.
“Hey Tones.” Rhodey smiled in front of him. However, he also looked like he had grown about 3 years older, tired and subdued, in stark contrast of the usual bantering that went on between the two of them.
Steve silently agrees with his best friend, as he watches the other boy sit down behind him, propping his legs on the desk in front of him. He watches as this Tony reaches up to take his sunglasses off, and when he does so, Steve suddenly couldn’t breathe.
The other woman sniffed condescendingly. “Sure, whatever. It’s not like you did anything yourself.” She turned her attention back to Tony. “So? What do you say?”
Clint glares at him. “My counters my rules. Anyways guess what! Bruce and Thor finally got their heads out of their asses and started to date.”
They would need to face reality later. They would need to examine a look at their relationship, learn how to work together again. They don’t have trust yet, but for now, they have something more important, they care about each other, they connect with each other, understand each other,
The last time Steve had seen Tony in person, he had been stumbling out of the bunker in Siberia, helping Bucky up next to him. And god, the pure heartbreak, the broken eyes of someone who was betrayed by someone they loved with all their heart, haunted Steve until this day. The memories had faded, but whenever Steve closed his eyes, he saw the sight when he looked back over his shoulders when neither Tony nor Bucky noticed, where Tony had learned back, hunched over himself on the ground, in the quiet resignation written all over his face that he wasn’t good enough.
Steve couldn’t believe that little boy he used to meet up with in the long summer nights, the boy who had brightened his days up when his self esteem was at an all time low, was sitting right there behind him.
Tony typed away furiously at the keyboard. “Well, I need to see if I can save it because it’s not just a robot, it’s important to me and to NASA I guess. And I can’t get Thor to go get it on Mars because he’s on Asgard I think with Bruce or something, I haven’t talked to him in a while.”
“Sure.” One of them get off the floor where they were sitting. “I’m Sam. The one with the metal arm is Bucky who is dating that scary redhead, Natasha. Thor is the one probably in the kitchen right now he speaks basically in old english but he’s basically a puppy if you get past his looks. Clint is the idiot laying on the couch. Bruce is that nerdy guy with the glasses, so if you like science stuff you’ll probably get along great with him.”
Steve grasped Tony’s hand laying on the ground, searching for a pulse frantically, almost as a reflex, but also noting the draining strength in Tony’s hand, and thus, the rest of him.
“Um yeah. Do you know how much effort I put into doing that? I spent valuable time out of my busy day to help you move in!”
Tony shook his head in amusement before he took Steve by the hand, and the two of them headed to the door. On the way, however, the woman from before stopped Tony, flirting shamelessly at him.
Because, sure, they had mountains of insecurities, they were fucked up people after all. But, in every universe, Steve and Tony would find each other, perhaps they wouldn’t love each other, but they would always be drawn to each other.
And it was this light which caused Steve to reach out to help the other kid, instead of mumbling a sorry and rushing in the other direction. “I’m sorry. I’m Steve! Do you need help or something?”
When an 9 year old Steve met one James “Bucky” Barnes, Sarah felt herself breathe a little easier. She knew she would only have a handful of years left to live, and she was glad her son had someone who would look after him long after she was gone from earth.
The two of them walked around the city for what felt like hours, until the sun came up from the horizon at least. By the end of the night, Tony felt like he had a new best friend.
Tony walked along the city streets of some odd neighborhood, kicking rocks away into the dead of the night. It was probably about one in the morning, but Tony Stark had long forgotten what a normal sleeping time was considered to be. By the next school year, his father would be moving the company to somewhere in Malibu, leaving him and his mother in the city. In some twisted way, the boy was relieved that his father wouldn't be with him the next year. However, this also meant he was forced to go to public school, a school which would surely hate him. Tony didn’t want to make friends. He was perfectly fine to have only Rhodey and Pepper with him after all.
And so, Tony left. He left with his drawn up plans of making an AI, he left with only a couple hundred dollars stuffed in his back, and he left with the world in front of him. Perhaps a cruel world, but a world free of Howard nonetheless. Tony left with his eyes on the horizon, knowing that he wouldn’t perhaps ever be free from Howard’s influence, but he could at least try to make a life for himself.
Steve sighed from where he sat at the bar, drinking a strawberry daiquiri, or at least, pretending to drink one as he swirled his draw in the drink. He gazed forlornly at across the room, where Tony appeared to be having the time of his life, although Steve noticed that his smile wasn’t real, instead, it was the smile he wore reserved for the media and the press.
Steve smiled softly and pulled himself into a hug with Tony in the backseat of the car. He tried to push the thoughts out of his head but all he could hear was Tony repeating himself, the argument from what seemed to be so long ago.
ok! so i promise the next chapters will be relatively long compared to these sldfkjh i'm trying to update fast for literally once in my life. SO thanks so much for reading! i love and appreciate every single one of you and feedback is always appreciated :)
Tony was lounging around, currently in the middle of attempting to build his AI with Bruce’s occasional help, when the doorbell rang, disturbing his thoughts as he dragged himself off the couch to answer the door. Normally, the others would be the ones answering the door on the weekend, considering Tony was technically hiding in their house, but today, most of them had gone out to get some stuff back for the apartment, leaving Tony by himself. Tony never did ask why so many of them were cramped into this tiny apartment, why they didn’t seem to have homes of their own, or family they frequently talked about.
“Steve.” Tony choked out before the two of them were falling into each other’s arms, sobbing, finally breaking after months of attempting to stay strong for everyone else around them, to attempt to survive. It was two men, who were broken apart at the seams, had a relationship in which everything seemed to be cracked, but underneath all of their problems, were two men who needed each other, where they could only be real around each other, break down, build themselves back down, and be real with each other.
Tony lifted his head from across, a multitude of emotions flashing by like a movie, as he slipped out of the other women’s arm, tripping forward to meet Steve in the middle.
Tony looks back behind him to find a breathless Peter Parker running around the curb, barreling his way through the crowd to Tony.
Steve is leaning against his locker like he usually does in the morning, listening to his friends drone on and on about god knows what. There’s a commotion at the entrance of the school, and vaguely, Steve wonders what it is all about, before he pushes it out of his mind as he hears the bell ring.
He runs a hand through his hair, debating on whether or not he should finally try coffee for the first time, considering how utterly drained of energy he currently felt. Bucky had probably already ran out the door to meet Nat, as he insists that she made the absolute best bacon.
One would think that as a result, the two would know everything about each other, when reality was far from true. Tony never gave out his last name, never delved out information about his life at home. Steve never revealed his condition, never revealed his life at home either.
“Steve.” Tony draws his name out. “Please? It won’t be that bad I promise. You don’t even have to talk to anyone.”
Steve chokes back a sob, his hands shaking in front of him. “I’m sorry Tony. I – I just kept on thinking that I wasn’t good enough, and you deserve someone better. You’re so much better than me. You’ve been so much shit in your life, but you’re still standing so strong with literally the whole world in front of you. And me? I’m just Steve Rogers. Not Captain America, because that’s not a real person, I’m just a guy from the city, still skinny, who has not idea what to do with his life.”
The other boy smiles, and he thinks this kid must be crazy to be smiling at someone who just knocked him over on the sidewalk. “It’s fine.” He grins. “I’m Steve.”
“Steve …  Did I do something wrong? I didn’t mean to ever hurt you, whatever I did. I’m sorry if I fucked up like I usually do, but I promise. I promise that –”
Tony looks back at the car, where Happy is smiling sympathetically at him, eyes dancing with amusement, before he rolls up the window and drove away, while Tony found himself lost in the crowd of students now entering the building.
Tony, the oblivious idiot he was, for all the constant flirting he did, didn’t seem to pick up on her connotation behind her words. “What?” He asked, looking momentarily confused.
“Why are you with me, Tony? You could have anyone in the world, you’re a fucking billionaire, you’re smart, amazing, kind, for god’s sake, you actually have talent and worked to get to where you are now. What about me? I’m just some lucky skinny kid from Brooklyn, who randomly happened to get injected by a serum. I didn’t work for any of this, I’m just someone who won the lottery and I – Why did you choose me?”
“That makes you even worse because that means you abandoned him and I will not have that.” Peter stomps away in a huff.
Tony stops in front of Steve, eyes softening perhaps even slightly more than they already were, as Steve holds his breath along with the rest of the people in the hallway.
Steve begins to walk to his class with his friends, shrinking onto himself after seeing the gazes of the rest of the school. He makes himself feel a little better after hearing the bickering of his friends in the background, happy that at least the important people in his life wouldn’t care very much about his new look.
Tony shakes his head fondly at Peter. “It’s okay, I promise. Steve isn’t a bad person. He used to be my best friend.”
Tony looked up to look at the blues of Steve’s eye, playing with the ring which now sat on his finger.
Steve watched Tony from the doorway of his workshop, softly smiling in adoration at the sight of his boyfriend hunched over the table scribbling away at plans for surely some amazing plan of an invention while he typed away at the computer screen containing lines of code that Steve couldn’t think to ever understand in his lifetime.
Tony opened the door to be greeted by someone he had thought disappeared from his life. He found himself face to face with the wide eyes of his best friend.
Steve leans against his locker towering over everyone who mere months ago were taller than him. He catches the giggles of girls looking at him and whispering to each other, girls who would be caught dead talking to him last year.
“Your counters? The fuck-- Wait, they did? Finally, it was nauseating watching them pine after to each other for so long.”
“Hey. I’m sorry Tony. I just, I didn’t think I was good enough for you, so I thought if I gave you some space…” Steve trailed up, startling from the sudden anger in Tony’s eyes as he growled.
Tony’s eyes flickered up from where he was currently entertaining a woman who was hanging onto his every word, and Tony’s smiled for a second, a genuine smile, before turning his attention back to the woman in front of him, who had now practically draped herself over Tony.
Steve shook his head in amusement, reaching over to hug Tony. “They aren’t all amazing geniuses like you, my love. Hasn’t it not been heard of in months? Maybe it was really just time to call the project over with.”
Steve was interrupted out of his thoughts to a sudden shout, after a notification from JARVIS, and Steve trailed after Tony who was running back to his lab through the stairs which were so often unused now, except for perhaps, when Tony wanted some privacy away from the rest of the Avengers who liked to pop into their floor often.
When the summer days drew to a close, both wished the days would go on forever, but alas this was not the case. High School was starting for both of them, so on the day before summer ended, the two found themselves talking for hours.
Everything was okay for once, but Tony should’ve known better than thinking everything was going to be okay. After all, Howard Stark had perhaps the greatest reach and influence in the United States, perhaps even the world. With his endless connections, he could easily find Tony, not by himself of course though, Howard could never care enough about Tony to put his own effort towards doing anything for him, but probably hired another person to throw money at to find his own son.
Tony flushed. “Opportunity. Whatever. I get attached to bots okay?” He looked down to pat Dum-E, before continuing to ramble.
Some time ago, an unhappy couple gave birth to a son. The young boy had porcelain skin, a full head of slightly curly hair, and sparkling amber eyes. Tony Stark should have been lauded as a prince, treated as one of the most important people in the world. Instead, he found himself to have the most unhappy childhood, tormented with abuse, loneliness, and free of very much love.
Tony smiles softly, so different from his usual playboy smile, and bends down slightly to catch the younger boy who is just entering middle school.
This kiss was a whole mess of passion, dirty, but at the same time, almost sweet. Tony found himself closing his eyes, reveling in the furiousness behind the kiss. It was a kiss that almost seemed forbidden, and Tony was painfully aware that he was kissing Steve out of all people, instead of simply losing himself in the kiss, he pried Steve off of him.
“Tony.” The corner of his mouth twitches up. “What’s someone like you walking around in the middle of some sketchy neighborhood in New York City?”
Steve noticed Tony was crying, and instantly felt regret, his heart clenching among himself, as he realized that he had insecurities, but so did Tony.
“Cap. You’re the most hardworking person I’ve ever met. Sure, you had the soldier serum, but that didn’t make you for who you are. You’re the person who has done the most for the world, always protected us, and well, if anything, I should be asking you for how did I deserve to be with such an amazing guy?”
Thirty seconds, only thirty seconds – that’s not even enough time to go back to the car. Where are they going to run to?
The faceplate lifts automatically, so Tony used that opportunity to smack his forehead with his metal palm and bite back a stream of creative, choice words directed at everything that’s wrong with his life. One Helicarrier down, two to go. Theoretically, the loss of one should’ve been enough to derail Insight, shouldn’t it? Even as Tony looked up in the sky, metal debris raining on him, the remaining two are still resolutely making their ascent into the clouds, and he can’t risk it.
How he wished he’d ordered that fancy-schmancy tall flute of black coffee after all, if only to have something his nervous fingers to fiddle with. His heart does a somersault when the Agents look his way, and he wrinkles his nose. Stay normal,
away from death when Tony finally reached him. He picked up where Barnes left. Kept up with the CPR until the ambulance found them on the muddy bank of the Potomac. Tony had never been more afraid of death in that instance. Afghanistan, Obadiah Stane, the palladium poisoning… they had nothing on losing Steve.
“You know the way in and out that building.” Steve nods, affirmative. “You know which room they’ll use. The people likely to be made in-charge of the launch.”
! They’re standing in the heart of a military base camp meant to house an army of super-soldiers. The base of operation for Insight, if the venomous admissions from Zola’s tongue are truthful. There’s got to be failsafe in anticipation of airstrikes. “Admit it, it's better this way. We're both of us...out of time. The algorithm is completed. Insight is ready. All we need is a cause to launch it. A pity we both won’t be there to witness the rise of a new order. Hail HYDRA!”
is looking back at him, very much alive though noticeably roughed up. Looking past Steve’s shoulder is hell on earth. The trail of wretchedness indicates massive firepower involved, and some ballsy combatants mounting such an ambush. Who have all those elements? And in spades?
Steve does not miss the fleeting pause in Tony’s gait as he crawls on his knees towards the backseat. “Lie down.”
His hand darts out to ball up the collar of Steve’s masseur garb. The hem of his shirt lifts, confirming all of Tony’s filthy what-lies-beneath. Steve’s lower abdomen clenches with rhythm. He’s close to the brink.
, and they slip under the towel. Tony swears his heart stop beating when Steve pushes past the flesh, thumbs slightly digging into the crevice of his buttocks, before they slide over his thighs and calves. Then they come up again, and Tony tenses.
He doesn’t have abdominal muscles as prominent as Steve’s – not that he can see what lies underneath the uniform Steve has on – and the way Steve’s hands knead his stomach nags renews Tony’s resolution to sign up for a gym membership. His erection remains as steadfast as ever, much to his embarrassment, yet Steve makes no more reference to it. He skips the flimsy towel once he’s done lovingly caressing those angular hipbones and focuses on the fleshier aspect of Tony’s thighs. Again, Steve’s hands wander dangerously close under the towel, and good God, Tony doesn’t think, doesn’t wait – he parts his legs and belatedly berates himself for being so goddam
At least the floor is dry, and there are no missing tiles from the roof. A far cry from the Ritz, but it’ll have to do. Steve lays Tony on a plastic tarp, and coaxes him to lean against the brick wall.
The monitor to their right, by far the largest in the room, projects a ghastly digital semblance of a man’s face. Two eyes, a nose… is all Tony can make sense of. It speaks with an accent, one Steve seems familiar with, his lips already pressing to a thin line. “Rogers, Steve. Born 1918. Anthony, Stark. Born 1970.”
Steve is no slouch either. He heads for Tony’s private suite on the topmost floor soon after, and keys in his access code, the one that Tony gives Captain America for use in emergency situations. Like this one, dammit.
For a motormouth, Tony is an inexplicably quiet lover. The closer and needier he gets, the stiller he is. Every muscle on his frame tenses like a coil wound tightly.
“Arnim Zola was a German scientist who worked for the Red Skull,” Steve replies coolly. “He’s been dead for years.”
One successful carjacking later, he’s well on his way downtown because… he’s hungry. He needs caffeine to go. A buttload of them. He casually turns on the radio fully expecting it to go gaga over his disappearance, and he hears, “
a construction area, there are nails everywhere. Tony Stark, dishevelled and worn shuffles towards him – stop
The night won’t last forever, so is their time for wound-licking and self-pity. Tony is first to stand up and get ready. He puts on two more layers of shirts, and with each layer of fabric the light in chest dims. He checks the trunk again and heaves a tire iron over his shoulder. Steve is so enthralled by Tony’s sudden showcase of determination that the flashlight Tony tosses his way almost hits him in the forehead. Their eyes lock, until annoyance surges in Tony’s, and he says curtly, “Bring your shield. If this were a meet-and-greet with some evil supervillain, we better dress up.”
“Why the hell not?” There’s still one more to blow to kingdom come. “We have to get back there! Get ready the other suits!”
He falls back onto his knees, hands hovering over Tony’s stomach, not quite sure where to put them. There’s a metal rod, long and rusty and
A wry smile grows on Steve’s lips, like a bullet through Tony’s heart. “What do you think happened?” Ross calls him a man of the future. A man of science. He’s the engineer, the mechanic, the scientist. He builds things, but being
“I got you, kid.” Tony grabs the hand of a five-year-old strapped to the passenger seat and pulls him into his chest.
Spa Pendry calls his room direct three times in a row that afternoon, and Tony plain ignores them. One problem at a time, and he’s got a thousand and one others served on a silver platter. He puts on a well-worn tracksuit and heads for the gym, see if he could sweat all the bad luck out. Said gym is conveniently located on the same floor as the spa, but on the opposite wing. What are the odds of bumping into a staff from the fucking spa? He kills his phone, stows it into his pockets, and begins his descend to the fifth floor. The elevator door opens and –
inflates his lungs. His own face is steaming, and Steve runs a thumb carefully along his cheekbone. “Find out what’s on the drive.”
“No one will know if you don’t tattle.” The helmet, too is as scuffed as its owner. “JARVIS, found anything?”
“I don’t care what you do with your own time,” Steve grumbles. Tony is too drunk to remember any of this anyway. At least he gets the emotional gratification of griping to the face of the source of his gripes. “Keep your hook-ups to your own place next time.”
The difference between stupidity and genius, is that even genius has its limits. Steve skulks about half a step behind Tony, and keeps his eyes glued to Tony’s heels as they meander the grounds. The community hall’s parking lot has been transformed into a makeshift, mobile TV station of sort. He can already imagine sixteen ways things could’ve gotten out of hand without even trying.
Oh, boy. Still, there’s no need to be shy here, is there? The extra self-consciousness comes from having to strip before another man whose physique is every bit of Aryan perfection, whereas Tony himself is everything but.
At the heat of the moment, as Steve stoops over him – now squeezing and tugging at the tip of his cock – he does the unthinkable. He’s a generous lover, what can he say? If Steve wants it, he can have it. The fun usually goes both ways, and he’s nice like that.
testifies before this special committee hastily put together to quell public unrest because let’s face it, HYDRA secretly wearing SHIELD to the prom? Steve is right. The people have to know.
Steve takes the relatively clean spot next to Tony and huddles against the wall. “SHIELD detained all Lemurian Star’s pirates on their premise. Their leader, Georges Batroc said he was contacted by anonymously e-mail and paid by wire transfer. The money was run through seventeen fictitious accounts, the last one going to a holding company registered to one Jacob Veech.”
“Yeah, they’re not. You and I never, uh…” Tony’s frantic gesturing at the space between Steve and himself is rather unnecessary. “Here’s the thing. The human mind is a wonderful petri dish for actual long-term memories and
Steve Rogers has been whaling on his fourth Kevlar-fortified punching bag in a row, and is steadily progressing towards his fifth. His knuckles are sore, he’s waddling in a pool of sweat, and it’s only half past nine at night. The ceiling beam from which the bag hangs from shudders at the ferocity of his punch –
But it’s late evening. Steve should be off-duty. “JARVIS? Compile whatever you can find about this Mandarin guy, and save them on my private servers.”
Tony closes his eyes – has them squeezed shut for good measure – and he loses himself completely. He takes in the teases, the hemming and hawing –
Tony shakes his head, and Steve closes his fist around the base of Tony’s cock. A soapy palm slides all the way to the tip. So,
Not surprisingly, Tony is still wearing a shit-eating grin by the time Steve gets a smokeless campfire going. There’s plenty of desiccated detritus to set alight, and he hoards what he could find before rain falls, piling them in a neat mountain beside Tony’s tarp.
Tony lifts his arm from the bench’s back and folds it across his chest. “That’s why I’m here. You’re mighty useful, for a gramps.” Steve breaks a slight smile. “I said it once, I’ll say it again. You can do whatever you want to do. What makes you happy?”
“Maybe he should think twice about shooting his victims up with poison, or plucking their hearts out, yeah? I don’t tend to play nice with people like that.”
what he means to. He pulls the zipper of Tony’s jumpsuit all the way down, and takes hold of the spent cock, ruined by semen.
“Go!” Steve lifts Tony up without effort, scuttling around the bus to gain themselves a better barricade against the enemies’ firearms.
The room sinks gradually into darkness as the tablet and projection of Insight’s content dissolves into nothingness. It’s not a completely waste of effort.
, crossed out haphazardly with thick paint. A newspaper article shows up next, bearing the headline “Howard and Maria Stark Die in Car Accident –” dated December 17, 1991.
“Miss Potts is the CEO of Stark Industries,” Tony interjects. “Assuming you’re here on behalf of our government, and that means whatever you have in that envelope right there,” he looks pointedly at Ross’ hand, “is a proposition either for me, or my tech. In any case, you’ll have to deal with her directly as the patents are wholly held by the company, not me.”
“No.” These eggs are delicious! His compliments to the chef. “He’s supposed to be here. We’re scheduled for a meeting with Senator Briggs in DC next Tuesday, there are concerns that we need to discuss over before we lay out recommendations.” Natasha’s phone chimes, and Steve takes a swig of coffee from Clint’s mug. “It’s not sustainable for Stark Industries to be billed continually for damages, not when Tony is already privately funding the Avengers operation. The President wishes to transfer that authority to a new subcommittee called Damage Control. It’s not…” Under the table, Natasha seems to be sliding her phone over to Clint, who looks down to his lap and gapes at whatever it is that’s playing on the screen. “… an arrangement that Tony is comfortable with. Is there something going on that I need to aware of?”
The third screen blinks red. Tony tries some of the passwords his keygen generated, but the section remains adamantly locked. “I’m blocked, J. Why am I blocked?”
“… Not really. Not anymore.” He checks the ceiling nervously, and leans forward in his seat. “SHIELD is working on a comprehensive surveillance, targeting and likely, elimination of potential threats on the global level. The repulsor engines are used to fly three Helicarriers – not yet combat ready, from what I understand – but when they are? Look.” His hand darts across the table to flatten out the paper Pepper carelessly places beside her mug. “Look at this. Most of these items are innocuous, but you really only need three things to get the party started, yeah?”
“The job ads are about to go online, but we can hold them back and conduct private interviews with whoever you have in mind. I’ll expect the list ready on my table by next Monday, Mr Stark.”
does Steve haul ass to SHIELD’s medical, eyes searching the expanse of the room for that one person he has so much to talk to. And he quickly finds Tony reclined on a sterile examination table, curtains half-drawn to afford him some privacy. He’s stripped off the Iron Man suit all the way down to his black mid-rise briefs, and seems entirely content to be left alone, unconnected to the nearest hotspot.
Tony blinks his sleepiness away, his chin tilting up to have a better look at Steve. “Did you sleep at all?”
is reduced to ash. He vaguely wonders if Fury’s killer is still in there somewhere, and if he would survive the wrath of a battalion of Iron Man suits.
“... That would be funnier yesterday.” And thunder claps above them. They just can’t catch a break, can they? Steve draws away, and thumbs at the bag under Tony’s eye. “You’re burning up.”
“I’ve had them for a while. After the Chitauri attack, after… the whole flying out of a wormhole thing. I can’t sleep. When I do, I dream. I see you,
“It’s on the news. SHIELD went public with Insight two hours ago, and promised to use it to neutralise the Mandarin faction. Call it a demonstration of SHIELD’s might and them auditioning for the world’s police force.”
And then, and then, and then, Tony clutches him by the jaws, and rises from the bed to press his lips against Steve’s. Chaste. Sincere. The shock is enough to send Steve stumbling away, while Tony expertly schools his expression to neutral. How far off the deep end he’s gone? And what should be done next becomes crystal clear.
Not bothering with protesting or bargaining this time, Tony’s hand drops to his crotch where it grips a cylindrical length propping against his left thigh. His fingers curl tightly around it, stroking it lazily, eyes boring holes into the button panels. Probably willing the ascent to quicken telepathically.
He saunters out of the canteen as femininely as he can manage, makes damn sure he doesn’t walk with his feet apart like he has a dick swinging between his thighs. He follows Steve’s directions and end up in front of the door Steve indicated, and feels like his poop is holding up after all when he sees no signs of those pesky Agents in his vicinity. Lifting his staff card to the scan pad mounted on the wall, he almost wants to smirk when –
When he walked into the bedroom and saw Bucky curled up in his favorite old ratty chair, he smiled but frowned when he followed Bucky's trained gaze to their bed. "Buck? What's going on?"
Tony tried to insist that he'd be fine, and that he wanted this for Peter too, but everyone could hear how it hurt him, even if he wouldn't admit. Petr turned to Tony and told him that he'd come on weekends if he wasn't busy. Everyone knew that Peter would make time to be with Tony.
In just a short time their small basket had a nice size amount of stuff including concealer, foundation, color and spot correctors, bronzer, luminizer, and other things that Tony couldn't remember the name of. He didn't really care what Peter and Pepper picked up, he was just happy he'd get to shop for them both.
Dating was impractical, especially in their line of work. They'd always be in danger, someone would always be trying to kill them. They'd always be used as leverage over each other... And Peter can die. Wade can't, but Peter can, in fact, be killed. He could be shot, or stabbed or beaten with a crowbar and blown up or get a fatal disease and it'd kill him.
"Hello, Peter. My name is Doctor Stephen Strange, and I'm here to care for your wounds, okay?" Strange was being incredibly gentle, which was something Bucky wasn't sure he knew how to do before now. But Strange was no idiot, he knew that this boy was very fragile at the moment.
The assassin across from him looked more than intruiged at the question and leaned forward, elbows on his knees. "What kind of privileges?"
Tony takes a shaking breath but Bucky shushes him before he gets a chance to speak. "You don't have to answer me now... For right now, you just need t'be taught a lesson about your attitude..."
"You let them torture me! You let them beat me! And all I ever did was trust you!" Peter screamed. Wade reached out for the boy's shoulder, but Peter yanked himself away and stepped towards Bruce, who had something in his eyes that Bucky couldn't place. "You stole me from everything! My whole life, gone like that!" Peter snapped his fingers, now directly in front of Bruce's face.
Tony just shook his head and shifted his weight before looking up at the blonde. "My old man put a lot of effort into trying to find you, you know? He searched for a long time. He knew you were alive somewhere out there. And he was waiting for you to find your way back... Your building was gonna be demolished. He bought the whole thing, made sure everything was still inside, and then he left it alone... Aunt Peggy said it was because he wanted you to have somewhere to go when you got back."
Nat managed to talk the guys into letting Peter have a small gathering for the weekend, so the three of them could be alone. They were somewhere in Italy at the moment, and Peter's party had gotten a little out of hand. There were way too many people for this apartment.
It was a burn that brought color to the surface of the skin, his blood rising to a boil in his veins. Peter's touch set him on fire and sent his heartbeat rushing like water down a stream. Peter's touch hurt. It made Wade's chest hurt. His heart beat on his ribs like a bird inside a cage that felt every miserable thump when it tried to escape. Peter's touch made his head hurt. All of the thoughts bounced around on the walls of his skull like basketballs on concrete and he couldn't focus on a single one of them.
Bucky shook his head. "I'm sure Wade could make a great father if you kept him in line well enough."
Bucky took a shaking breath and lifted his head slightly, hair in his eyes, "Before when I... When they had me... When I was... Him. When I was him, he... They made him, made me... Sometimes, sleep with people... T-To get information..." He swallowed loudly before continuing on, shaking getting worse as he progressed. "It always felt wrong... And I didn't... And I didn't know why until I was coming back... Until I was starting to be me again, and... And then I knew why. B-Because, if Steve was alive like I thought he was then that meant that I... That I was..."
Tony had been working in the lab non-stop, using his AI's to search the globe for the boy. At this point he was getting so desperate he started debating if he should send a distress signal up to Asgard for help in finding Peter. He knows they could cover more distance out in space if they had assistance from someone that could freely travel through space.
Tony could easily see that Peter was self-conscious about it, those little patches of skin. Tony could easily spot the signs of the PTSD Peter'd been left with thanks to that fight... And he did everything to try and make it better for him. For the first few days of him living on the base, Tony did his best to be observant to try and find the best way to protect Peter, to find his triggers so they could be eliminated.
On the porch, bundled up in what he might call the softest blanket in the world, Peter answered his phone as he leaned on the railing. "Good morning, Wade."
His shoulders shook and he looked up at Steve. "He's supposed to be here! Why isn't he here? What... What if he's..."
On the very top of the stuff inside, was an LED makeup mirror and Peter could only imagine the bright, never been used lights and how they might shine on his skin. He sat it on the bed and continued looking through the box.
All he could do was watch, breathing heavily as the blood seeped from his arm and dripped down to the floor. He screamed. It was all he could do. The sting in his arm intensified as the blood continued to flow. He heard Wade laugh as the little girl smeared the blood up his arm and across his face. Her laughter turned to screaming. Harsh, angry, loud screaming. There were no words, just her high-pitched voice piercing his ears.
"Hey, Petey baby." The merc said with a smile as he sat the box and bags down on the floor. "How're you feeling?"
He screamed as a bullet entered his thigh and continued to scream as Wade was shot repeatedly, his blood and chunks of skin getting blown all over Peter. Wade's body went limp over him and continued to cover him in blood, and all Peter could do was cry. His voice was too hoarse to keep screaming. The Agents in the room didn't enjoy his hysterics, so they shot him a second time in the shoulder at point blank.
Steve followed close to Bucky and Nat followed close to Steve. Tony and Rhodey were maybe 10 steps behind and back to back while they blasted some assholes in their faces. Sam and Scott were making a great team against a group of Agents trying to escape the way they'd come in.
Steve has a habit of joking about things that he shouldn't, but only when it's personal to him. Too broke to go to school? Make jokes. Almost died in the line of fire? Laugh it off. Go through a traumatic transformation into 'Captain America' and have people look at you like the posters until you die? Ignore it, make some jokes, pretend it doesn't bother you.
A shorter filler as I've been up all night because my boyfriend is indecisive and decided he wanted to stay up.
On the wall across from Bucky were the x-rays of the bullet fragments that had been lodged in Peter's body.
T'Challa's only parting words to the pair were "play nice". And Peter wasn't totally sure what that meant because he was still focused on the fact that having an attitude towards the ROYAL FAMILY got him the princess's favor. He was dumbfounded. He was used to his attitude getting him in trouble over everything else. He watched over his shoulder as Okoye followed T'Challa back out the doors, but not before she spared a glance to him over her own shoulder.
But then Peter hugged him, clung onto him like a small child to his mother's leg. And Wade took the test from Peter's hand, and suddenly the air made its way back into his lungs.
Maybe someone else was all behind it and they were using Wade as a pawn in their game. Peter didn't want to play the game anymore, but they needed to find the king and deliver the ultimate checkmate. He didn't know what it would take to do so, but he'd be willing to help the only way he knew how.
When he next opened his eyes, he was somewhere different. Inside of another small room with no windows and this time no doors, no way to escape. The room he was in was dimly-lit, closed in. The room had no more than a five-foot span in any direction. Peter could stretch out his arms and touch both walls, but he couldn't stand up straight. The five-foot ceiling wouldn't allow it.
"It's okay Peter, he's not going to hurt you. You're going to be okay now." He said softly as he took another tentative step towards Peter. This time the boy didn't move, instead very slowly raised his hands to reach out to the only form of safety he thought he knew.
He tensed up and lay flat on his back on the top of the truck. He could hear the bullets and he could hear Steve's shield. He could not hear Sam very well.
Bucky nodded and watched Steve's face for a minute before focusing on his lips for a long beat. He finally leaned in and kissed Steve, and Steve understood what it was that Bucky wanted from him. He wanted Steve to prove that he still loved him, that he was still appealing and good enough. He wanted love, and by God, Steve was going to give it to him without hesitation.
Wade's heart dropped. The boy in front of him, so beaten and badly broken that he didn't even know who he was anymore, was asking him for help and he was chained to a fucking wall. All the time he's been dying and coming back, Peter's been suffering.
It took less than a second for Wade to realize that Peter had never done this before, and it was all thanks to the way Peter's body tensed up. Peter pulled out of the kiss and looked down at the older man. "W-Wade, I..."
Peter liked being out because he could be in his own bubble but still be out somewhere. And despite the noise of the city, Peter knew how to make it quiet.
He had a crush on Wade Wilson, a killer who was at least ten years older than him. It was impractical. Dating was impractical. That's what he told himself after Liz. He wasn't wrong.
It was hard enough trying to get some sleep with all of your parents on base, but it was another thing entirely for all four of them to be away at once.
Tony could see Steve's heart-eyes at him, and the look made his heart swell a little... But he knew that it's just how Steve looked at him, it didn't mean anything. Steve and Bucky were engaged now, he ruined his chance, he knew. It hurt him to even look at Steve now because he finally realized just how much he really loved Steve and he ruined it.
Peter used the schoolwork to distract himself, but it didn't seem to be working. He found himself absentmindedly touching his stomach upwards of 10 times. Was he really that devastated over the fact that he WASN'T pregnant with a murderer's child? That should be a good thing, shouldn't it? Shouldn't he be relieved? Why was he putting this much thought into it?
So, when he hears the bells in the distance, he asks Nat what they belong to. She tells him that it's a Church, and offers to take him to one if he wants. So, he dresses up in the only pair of pants that will fit him and borrows a button up from Nat, and she drives him to one of the few Catholic churches in Brooklynn Heights. The one that they end up at isn't at all fancy, but it looks to be nearly as old as Steve is, if not older.
Eddie offered Bucky a half ate candy bar from his jacket pocket. It was slightly warm, a little bent, but it was probably all they had until Wade returned from wherever the hell he managed to escape to.
Being in a polyamorous relationship had its ups and downs, but this was definitely an up for them all. Peter, who had taken to each of them as parental figures, didn't seem to mind having the four of them
Peter knew. Of course Peter knew. It seemed like there were men in every hallway, so it was only a matter of time before they ran into one. When they did come upon the first one though, Wade made quick work of plunging the longer knife into the base of the man's neck. He dropped to the ground and they stepped over him as they went.
"Peter called May yesterday. He was practically begging to leave. He says it's a bummer here. That everything is so far away. His friends, his school, the places he used to visit... It's finally come to my attention that maybe this isn't the best place for a teenager."
Peter swayed and leaned on the glass, feeling suddenly weaker than before. Bucky was quick to open the door and scoop Peter up into his arms. He turned to look at Natasha, who seemed to know what he was about to say before he even said it. "That's not our choice to make, James."
Tony was probably wasting his time jerking off while the other parents worried about Peter. Natasha was probably running statistics of her own while she drove around to find him. Peter didn't doubt that she was the one to come and get him from school.
He could hear the crashing metal that he imagined when he thought of the way his parents died. It'd been a plane crash when Peter was only four. Both caskets had to be closed.
They walked for a little while along the coast before Peter finally asked WHERE they'd gone. Wade just smiles and says that he'll see soon enough.
The spiderling tried to scoot away again but was already backed up into a wall, and with Rumlow blocking the only way out of the tub, there was really nowhere to escape to. Rumlow reached out and grabbed onto the boy's greasy, shoulder-length hair and pulled, leaving a near blissed-out expression on Peter's face.
y'all we're on chapter 30 and I have plans to make this work be as long as the song it's named after (tears don't fall, by bullet for my valentine is 4:40 as a single, but 5:48 on the album)
Steve was at the grocery store, but God only knew when he would be back either. He'd usually only take so long by staring at the prices in outrage, he remembered when everything was cheaper, but there also wasn't a lot to choose from back then either. Maybe some cheeses and meats, eggs and a few ingredients here and there, but they never had the money for much so they only got what they could.
Peter walked through the glass doors to the tower, still nursing a limp on his twisted ankle and bruises all over. His shirt was sticking to him where he'd slathered his burns in an antibiotic ointment. It wouldn't have been so bad if he'd had the bandages he'd needed to doctor them correctly, but for now every move he made caused his shirt to stick to him and pull on the already sensitive skin.
Peter stopped dead in his tracks. Ned was sure he'd have broken his neck if he turned around any faster. Now, until this point, it could never be said that Peter Parker had ever mistreated his school books or physically harmed another student. At this moment, however, Peter dropped his books and threw himself forward.
"Is this supposed to be one of those things I pretend I know nothing about?" He asked as Peter put his jacket back on. The boy said yes and he sighed. "Peter, if anything happens to you..."
"I think next year we'll get a bigger tree. This little one's getting lost in all these gifts." She smiles, and he agrees. The only part of the poor little tree still visible is the little star on the very top.
He didn't like being this guy anymore. He didn't wanna be Captain America, whoever the hell that even was anymore. Steve couldn't even recognize himself in the mirror anymore, because even he couldn't see himself past the suit. He was nothing more than a shiny costume that lied to the masses because they would listen to him. Because he saved the day way back when, so he had to be listened to now.
"Shh~ Look." He pointed to a small puddle of what looked like blood. Nat had been wounded, which meant that Rumlow stopped with her, here, long enough for the blood to pool like that. "Nat may have accidentally left us a trail."
Peter had always hated being alone, but now all he ever really was was alone. He couldn't stand it. Okoye offered to walk him to the Princess' lab and he accepted as quickly as he could, damn sounding needy.
Wade lifted Peter's other leg and the angle let him push even deeper into Peter's tight warmth. Wade had to admit, casually being balls-deep in a minor out in public was so fucking thrilling. Illegal, but thrilling all the same. Little Peter was so fucking sinful and addicting, once he started thinking about it he just couldn't make it go away until he came inside of Peter's shapely little ass. And now that he had the little Spiderling folded in half and impaled on his cock? He only wished he had a camera.
Steve greeted Tony and Bruce with hot cups of coffee while they put their gifts with the others. Tony laughed as he put a sparkling Santa's hat on Steve's head and Steve almost wanted to kiss him. Nat could see it in his eyes how badly he wanted to do it, but he wasn't about to come between him and Bruce. They seemed to have something really good going for them, and as long as Tony was happy then it was enough for Steve.
With one regular glace around it was easy to tell that someone had deliberately blinded him, and when he looked down at where Rumlow had been sitting he saw the empty chair and began to panic as he saw him walking right towards where Natalia was. Sure she could handle herself, but what if she couldn't be warned in time? Had Steve seen that?
Bucky was a soldier. He was trained and prepared to handle any number of situations. Young Peter Parker approaching him and asking for a weapon, however, was a situation he wasn't the most prepared for. He promised not to ask any questions, as long as Peter could say with certainty that nobody was going to die.
"You hear a lot, don't you Romanoff? Who'd you hear it from? If you tell me, I'll tell you who's above me."
For three weeks it was just Peter, Wanda, and Mr. Banner around the base. It was maddeningly quiet, and with the only three heroes avoiding one another, it was boring as fuck.
Peter couldn't remember a day that he wasn't being locked up, drugged, or beaten. He couldn't remember a time that he wasn't being punished for not conceiving on their terms. The thoughts that once kept him sane in this place were now nothing more than distant memories, fantasies with faces he could no longer remember. All hope of escaping this place seemed to be the only thing that could ever escape the dripping concrete walls.
His watch started to vibrate, but he ignored it too, not even bothering to look and find out why. The steady vibration was one that he knew. He could feel his heartbeat speed up, but he focused on taking a couple of deep breaths to try and relax. He didn't even know what he was getting so worked up about.
Today, the kitchen was empty, save for Mr. Banner who was drinking coffee and reading the paper. He was silent, like always, but Peter didn't miss the way Mr. Banner's eyes trailed over Natasha. He was in love with her, and Peter knew it. But he'd just have to get over it because there was no way Nat would ever leave Bucky.
All she had to do for him was get him the names of all of these kids, where they kept their stash and their ages. And then she had to swear she'd tell the cops all she knew if it came down to it, even if it meant she might get in trouble too, and she swore instantly. In return, he wouldn't threaten her with bodily harm and wouldn't mention her as one of the bad kids to the cops, if they even got involved in the first place.
Wade was shocked to see Peter in front of him. He hadn't seen Peter since he tried to break him out of here. He could easily see how thin the boy was, and the open wounds covering him weren't hard to spot either. The sight of the boy made him shake with anger.
They had Peter laying on the floor of this tiny bathroom, quietly protesting as hands touched all over him. Wade slammed one of the boys' heads into the wall and swept a girl's feet out from underneath her as she tried to run.
Bucky shook his head and scooted closer to Peter's bed. "Not at all. Pete, that's not my place. If you want to keep it, then I'm here to help you. If you don't want to keep it, I wouldn't try and make you. That's not my place."
"It was, and I regretted every day I didn't ask you about it. Even after you confessed finally, I regretted not asking you sooner... We wasted so much time being afraid Steve."
It was like a nest, a shrine more like, to the past. Bucky returned the folders to their place and spotted one last thing. A folded piece of loose leaf paper. Carefully he removed it from its place and began to read Peter's scribbled writing.
Except that. Wade loved nothing more than hearing Peter declare himself as belonging to Wade. "Yeah? All mine?" He tugged on Peter's hair again and the younger boy removed himself from where he was sucking on the head of Wade's cock.
Steve's cheeks heated up, and he felt like he was sixteen again and nearing a panic attack because Bucky said he loved him for the first time. He remembers clutching his chest while he fought to pull air into his lungs, but he also remembers the panic on Bucky's face realizing that the shock could literally have killed Steve then... Steve likes to pick on him for it, even now.
stop talking about them. She furrows her brows and Steve turns around because he'd said it kind of suddenly and a little bit loud. It was easy to see the conflict on the boy's face and Nat, not quite understanding the state of Peter's memory issues, doesn't quite register what the problem is.
"Oh, I want you to come home too, Peter... But you can't." The words came as a shock. There was no logical reason why he couldn't come home. Did she not... Want him, anymore? Is that the reason she sent him here, to begin with? Because she wanted to be rid of him?
In the end, Steve begrudgingly agreed to carry the man out and into the jet. They knew that Wade would heal on his own eventually, it was just a matter of time before he came back. Peter just sat there, curled up in a corner with Wade's body laying on the ground in front of him.
Peter made him promise that he wouldn't leave him alone, and he did. He kept ahold of the boy's hand, not even letting go when Strange entered the room in scrubs. Something told him that someone alerted him of the boy's state and either asked him or let him decide to take the time to look as normal as possible.
Steve was exhausted. Work was keeping him as busy as they could, but even now he was using what little bit of free time he had to help Bucky start finally planning their wedding. Neither of them wanted anything particularly big, but they knew that if their friends had anything to do with it, then it would be a bit of a wild night either way. Sam was already taking his duties as Steve's best man very seriously.
Steve laughed and touched his own chest, some weird kind of reaction to laughter, Bucky guessed. "No. Not even for Peggy."
Bucky dismounted the bike and walked around a little bit, gun drawn and ready to fire... Until he noticed something blinking on the ground. He raced over to it, only to discover that it was Peter's watch.
"I can't leave without you... I don't want to and, I-I know you're a lot stronger than I am, you're more likely to get out than I am."
After the pair had finally calmed down, Bucky took the time to tell them about the offer to live in Wakanda, wherever that was. He told them about how he was promised a normal life for Peter, a safe place where he wouldn't be in danger all the time like he was now. A place for him to grow and thrive. And the looks on their faces made it seem like they really were considering it.
Peter shook his head and decided that Christmas was no time for conspiracy theories like that. It was a time to forget everything and just run with this blessing they'd given him because for some reason, spending Christmas with Wade kinda felt like one.
Peter stared blankly into his coffee for a long moment before nodding and turning to face Wade on the couch. Wade did the same, tucking a leg under himself and giving Peter 110% of his attention.
Wade gently grabbed onto Peter's wrist and tugged until he released Wade's collar. "Your parents are fine."
She scoffed. "How can this one be different, Brother? He looks just as sad and broken as the last one."
At Peter's computer was the notebook he'd been taking notes in. Now there were a bunch of scribbles in red ink where there'd once been a blank page. On said page were a bunch of dots that Peter himself never connected. Information he never knew. There were things on this paper that weren't in any of the files on Peter's computer.
He wanted to call her out, wanted to demand that he be allowed home, but his heart was too soft. His heart didn't want to press her for answers in fear of stressing her out farther than she already sounded. His heart told him to shut up and be content, not burden Aunt May anymore. He waited a moment before telling her goodbye and hanging up.
"It shouldn't be happening, Banner!" Tony ran his fingers through his hair and took a deep breath. "It's physically impossible. That's not possible, Bruce, it has to be a mistake!"
With his hoodie zipped up, he went with Sam and Steve to fill out the mission report. Peter swayed the longer he stood. Steve decided that it was because Peter needed to rest, and told him to go lay down when they were finished.
In order for that to happen, he needs to sneak Peter away again. He needs to be with Peter again anyways. The little Spiderling is the only thing that's been on his mind lately, but it's not like he's complaining, but sometimes it's inconvenient. Except for when he was alone and could get away with beating off to the image of Peter etched into the backs of his eyes...
Peter only stopped when he reared back to swing, and someone caught his arm. He looked up, expecting one of his parents. What he was met with was a scarred face, hidden by a lowered baseball cap.
Tony shushed him, firmly telling the boy that none of what happened was his fault in the slightest. He vowed in front of said boy that he'd do whatever it took to make sure that they caught the bastard that really deserved it, and all Peter could do was nod for a moment.
The sudden appearance of another person is enough to make Peter jump. The last time someone snuck up on him like that he was kidnapped, and tears spring to his eyes as he turns his wheelchair.
She'd made him tell her about what happened with Liz's dad. How he'd gotten tons of weight in rock and metal dropped on him, and in his loneliness, was afraid that he'd die there. And if Tony Stark got a phone call from an angry Aunt May at three in the morning, well, nobody needs to know about it.
So, Bucky broke the news as gently as he could. He only told Peter that he was needed for a mission back in the States, but it should take him a couple of weeks. Peter seemed to understand and only seemed slightly bummed out.
"Well, Miss Potts is really good with makeup, maybe she wouldn't mind coming with us and helping us out, hm?"
They needed to be quick if they were going to get any kind of head start on Rumlow. Wade urged Peter to hold onto the back of his hospital gown as they continued on, so he could keep him shielded and he wouldn't fall behind.
He remembered a church and a casket and people dressed in black and the photo of a man. He remembered May crying over him, whoever he was. He could see the little church from the street and knew that was the place they needed to have May's funeral. It felt right. Having to bury her, though... That was wrong.
Nat was back at the compound. She didn't know how not to work. She's always needed to have something to do with her, ever since he dropped her off with Hawk-boy all those years ago.
Every time that Friday alerted them in the middle of the night to one of Peter's nightmares, it was one of his first thoughts. Whenever Bucky ran down the stairs to comfort the boy, it was floating around in front of his eyes. When Nat got up to make coffee, assuming that nobody would be going back to sleep, he wanted to breathe the words like fire on a dragon's tongue.
Steve couldn't help but smile. He knew that this was probably a dream come true for Bucky, despite the horrible circumstances. He was finally free of that damned arm and he'd probably never been happier, but there was only one question he had.
Peter's lip was quivering. He was young and fragile, a version of Tony Stark that Tony himself had not been in so many years, and now a carbon copy form of his emotions was laying right here in front of him, vulnerable and almost pleading for love and Tony shook his head.
They agreed and MJ lead the way. The girl seemed obedient enough to follow some simple instructions, and she was. She stood still as a statue while MJ was showering, and her own shower was quick. They then locked up the apartment and came back downstairs. They found Wade sitting on the side of the tub, messing with Peter's hair.
The thought of Peter's smooth skin and slender hips on their own was enough to get Wade going, and right now that might be a bit of a problem considering that his running pace is slowing and that the systems will reboot any moment now.
Last night, though, he spent all of his time in the kitchen preparing a large breakfast, the room around him lit only by the colorful decorative lights that Steve insisted on stringing up in the Holiday Spirit. Natasha insisted on the small table-top tree, so they could at least say that they had one. Covering the floor around the tree was a stack of presents as tall as Bucky's hip. The bottom of the tree was hidden beneath the sparkling wrapping paper and twine.
Peter rushes to brush his hair again. He hears footsteps and sees Bucky reflected in the small, busted bathroom mirror. His arms are crossed, loosely, unthreatening. He smiles softly.
Bruce and Wanda had grown worried, watching Peter roam the halls like a lost puppy. He nearly refused to go into a room that had either one of them in it, taking to hovering by the door for a moment before leaving once more.
The way Peter nods and curls himself up against her legs makes her heart ache. She begins to play with his hair and wonder if this is what her child would have been like had she been allowed to have any. She thinks she hears him tell her goodnight, but with the way his face is smushed into her thigh she can't really tell. But that doesn't matter. All that matters is that she's here, and she'll have no problem killing anyone that comes near her Little Spider tonight.
Peter sat still as a statue when Bucky got his hands on a gift from Peter. He opened it slowly, carefully. He could hear whatever it was rattling a little, and he hoped to God that he hadn't broken whatever it was. Once he pulled the box open though, he stilled. Inside was a toolset, but not like a regular toolset, it was a custom made carbon fiber toolset that Peter special ordered. Bucky looked up and the pair made eye contact. Peter shifted where he sat.
For once in his life, it seemed, he was quiet. And then he spoke, in a hushed tone to the redhead, wherever she stood. "Did he do this to himself?"
The flashing lights in his room finally made their way into his thoughts, and he could finally feel the watch endlessly bussing on his wrist. The door opened and there stood not Bucky as he expected, but Tony. He looked worried as all hell for Peter, and in truth he was.
"Did you find anything out?" Steve knelt down close to Bucky and placed a tentative hand on the man's shaking shoulder.
"It gave you the ability to CARRY life, Peter. A human being, inside of you, almost like the way mothers do." Wade's heart skipped when he saw the way that Peter was looking at him. His eyes were wide and he looked so afraid.
Her smile didn't falter, but she spoke again anyways. "I still only have limited responses. Sarcasm is not in my dialogue options yet."
He took the tweezers in hand. His spidey-senses were tingling worse than ever. Every bit of Peter's being knew that this was a bad idea, but what choice did he have?
After that, they went to a nice fancy restaurant that Peter would never be able to afford to go into otherwise and they had a really nice meal together. He was always a part of the conversation and he left the restaurant pleasantly full.
Next to him was a small tray covered in bloody bandages and a bowl with little silver pieces in it. It didn't take a genius to figure out that they'd once belonged to a bullet.
Peter understood what it was and nodded slowly, glancing to Wade. Wade pulled his mask up to give him a soft smile and with that, Peter went into the bathroom. Wade turned to Nat, who stared ahead while she picked at her nails.
Peter's eyes were wild as he tried to focus on the man in front of him. He could hear that he was being asked questions about what happened but he could barely breathe enough to respond. Bucky worked on calming him down for a minute while Steve and Wanda hovered by the door. They didn't want to crowd the boy or make him uncomfortable, but they didn't want to leave him either.
He needed out of these cuffs. This was the first real moment he'd been without an Agent in his room, so maybe now he could make his escape and save his baby boy from this hell. He pulled, twisting and shaking his arm to try and get his hand through it. He knew that Peter had some kind of strength, but right now he probably wouldn't be able to use it. Judging by his wounds, he knew that they were doing something to keep him from healing.
After letting go of Tony's hair, Steve reached a hand down and grabbed Tony's absolutely delectable ass, bringing a whine out of the other man's mouth. Tony pulled away in favor of being able to take his pants off. Steve pulled his own down as well and pulled Tony into his lap.
Peter doesn't even know what to say to any of these things and he's halfway to tears, not just from the gifts, but from Wade's donation. He remembers a conversation that once had about the organization and how Peter regularly donated to their cause.
When Peter woke, he was tucked safely in his bed and for once he felt well rested. He changed and ventured out into the hallway to see Sam coming, looking battered and bruised. Sam looked... Almost frightened.
Wade reminded Peter four times between the bathroom door and the bed that they didn't have to do anything, and Peter reminded him four times in return that he knew, and he wanted to. Wade said that he didn't want Peter to think that he had to give him any kind of sexual anything ever, and Peter said that he knew, that he wanted to do it. He wasn't totally sure why, but he did.
Rumlow seemed to like Peter's willingness so far, so he made Peter a promise, telling him that he could have any two of the things that were just listed off to him if he could do one simple thing. Peter nodded, desperately wanting a hot meal and a shower. Rumlow smirked, the burned skin of his face stretching in an ugly, unnatural way.
a really really small one because it's 9 in the morning and I've been up since 8 yesterday morning and I'm exhausted but I'd feel bad if I didn't get something out quickly.
Steve smiled widely at the idea and once Peter finally calmed down and sat on the floor by Bucky's feet, Nat started talking to him, using a gentle and caring tone.
She looked over her shoulder and there he was, the boy she called her son, staring at them both, now wide awake.
"We have to operate under the assumption that they're returning to the host bodies, which is a whole lot of trouble for the rest of us. I don't know if we've got the juice to get rid of them, especially at the same time."
It warmed their hearts to know that he held Tony so highly. They all knew that his little boy in front of them had the largest heart, and it had room for everybody.
In the middle of the room were three trucks, loaded for max weight and heavily armed. These were battering rams, meant to plow down everything in their path.
Tony, the little fucking slut that he was, wasted zero time in trying to bounce on Steve's cock, but Steve wasn't having it just yet. He gripped the man's hips to slow him down and they started up a slow, sensual pace that had Tony nearly fucking drooling at how good he felt.
"He... He betrayed you... He went... He went behind your backs and he..." Bucky's hands were shaking. Nat already suspected that there was a reason that Bucky was reacting this way to something so... Mediocre, but she didn't know what. She looked to Steve, who seemed to already have it all figured out.
With that, the pair dropped down out of the window and out of sight, leaving Peter confused, and with some very big choices to make.
Bucky was still indifferent to Stark, and Tony felt the same. After all, it'd been two weeks and there were still metal plate shaped bruises around his neck that just didn't want to go away. Somewhere inside Bucky felt sorry, though he wouldn't say it aloud. Not yet. He wanted Tony to earn the apology. He wasn't just going to hand it over because it's what Steve wanted.
Wade's touch was gentle as he shimmied Peter's sweats down a little, and the only mind he paid to the scars, on Peter's hips and upper thighs, was to shower them with kisses on the way down.
Peter leans his crutches by the door and limps his way to the couch, still smiling but not actively tuned into the conversation. Steve furrowed his brows and turned to Nat.
The boy flinched and turned his head to look and when Bucky saw his face he was nothing but angry. The right side of Peter's face was bruised and swollen and his eyes were full of tears. Bucky could only imagine the pain he must be in, and what the extent of his injuries might be.
Bruce fixed his glasses. "Well, that's your mistake, kid. It's a good thing Tony isn't with you, I'd hate to have to kill him too."
She's still playing with Peter's hair when she looks up at him. "He sees us die, James. In his dreams."
He swears that he can see tears in Bucky's eyes and he knows there are tears in Wanda's just by the way she refuses to look up from the floor. Bucky sighs and moves to stand. "I think I should go get Steve."
The boy looked up, terror and tears evident in his eyes. "They... He said that this is what he wanted..."
But he knocked on the door anyway, and when Peter opened the door, tears on his cheeks, Wade was going to console him. Tell him that everything would be okay and that their child would be alright.
"I'm sorry, маленький паук, but it's true... She's gone... And I truly think that she has been for a long time." And Bucky sounds so upset at having to tell Peter this, but it seems there was nobody else that would come clean yet, and if he was asking then it was time.
They basically wanted to make the apartment look the same, but better, newer, cleaner... With Peter sick though, they didn't wanna go anywhere.
Nat swears she's never seen Steve look so tense. He wasn't even this tense when Peter's web fluid exploded in the living room and stuck him and Bucky to the couch.
Bucky hesitated for another beat before loosening his grip ever so slightly, and then all at once. Tony fell and crumpled to the floor, coughing and gasping for air, doubled over in a fit.
Once again, he saw Wade over the little girl's shoulder. She looked up at the masked man and smiled, and it looked friendly in a way, but also deadly as all hell. Peter tried to take a step back but when he did he collided with someone, their arms wrapping around him like snakes around prey. He looked up at the girl, then down at his chest. He knew that Wade was holding him still and suddenly he wondered what kind of dream this was going to be.
When Peter was missing, finding him was Tony's number one priority, which meant that he didn't have a ton of time to hang out with anyone, and everyone but Bruce understood. He complained that Tony wasn't making time for him anymore. After the third month of Peter being missing rolled around, Bruce began to insist that they were never going to find him and even suggested giving up the search.
While Peter was being searched for, Natalia and Bucky never stopped training. They were pushing themselves harder than before. They were willing to do more damage than before. They'd do whatever it took for their little boy.
"You know..." Bucky started as the pair left the apartment, on their way to visit Peggy in her nursing home, "You still owe Peggy a dance."
Bruce laughed and waved his hand. "Don't bother with your gun, James, you know it won't work on me. And yes, too. I can't let you walk out of here knowing that I'm your big bad villain. I think you all forget, I'm not stupid."
Peter didn't understand why he felt so sick all of a sudden either. Was it the thought of only being free of Hydra for so long, or was it the trauma of what just happened catching up to him? How long has it even been? How long was he asleep?
That's not normal. That's just not fuckin' normal. Oh God, and what if Nat tells Tony? Or Bucky or- fuck, what if she tells Steve? Oh, God, Steve would kill him if he knew. Peter didn't think he was ready to die right now... That could change at any moment, but right this second he wasn't ready. He wanted to live.
Nat continued to play with Peter's hair and tried to fill the silence by asking him if he still felt sick from yesterday. He said no, and he just felt sick yesterday morning and that was it. That sounded like something to Nat, but this was Peter, so that wasn't really possible... Was it?
He just wanted to sleep and ignore his problems. Specifically, the one that was supposed to be growing inside of him at this very moment. He was going to have a baby, him, a dude, was going to have a baby. And no matter what, the baby would be in danger for its whole life because
He cut off when the door opened. Peter could tell that he was worried by how slowly he was repeating himself. This was not a good day for them. An Agent stepped out of the room and Rumlow pushed Peter through the door.
ALSO IMPORTANT NEWS, I PUT UP THE PROLOGUE TO THE SEQUEL STORY, IT'LL BE WADE-CENTRIC. I HAVE BIG PLANS FOR IT, GO GIVE IT SOME LOVE.
"I don't know what May said, but what I got from Peter tells me that she basically didn't want him to come back."
Wade couldn't deny Peter, and he couldn't even think about teasing the boy, not now that his dick was leading his brain. He pressed against Peter and ever so slowly began to press inside of him. He couldn't help the moan of Peter's name that dripped from his lips like water over a fall. It felt like heaven having Peter's tight heat around his length again.
Once they reached the third basement level, they traveled down a couple more long hallways that Peter thought looked the same to all the others. Tony pressed a few buttons and a glass wall swung open. Bucky and Steve threw Deadpool into the room and Tony promptly closed the door.
"Steve, you can't keep punishing yourself for the past. It's over, and there's nothing you can do to change it."
Peter had been awake for a total of 196 hours when everyone came home. He hadn't moved for the last three days, so when Wanda saw him barrelling down the hallway, she knew that they were back.
"Peter!" His eyes flew open and above him he saw Wade, eyes wide. He was finally getting his breath back, for the most part. "I heard you screaming... Peter, it's just a dream."
Peter didn't mention it after that, but Bucky knew he was grateful. Every now and then, they'd share a glance across a room, or a nod when passing in the hallway, but words weren't necessary.
One look at the light reflecting off of his arm and they knew they wouldn't survive a run-in with the man. Most of these men had grown up on stories of the man before them, but they knew of him as nothing more than an old legend, a tale the higher-ups would tell the trainees to make them behave. He was a ghost story, a myth.
. He paid no mind to the boy trying to wiggle away from his touch. He was in a small tub, there was nowhere to go.
Friday didn't alert Tony about Peter entering the lab while he was gone because Peter didn't need to hack the computer system for the door code. Peter knew he needed to hurry. Tony wouldn't be off base for long.
Right there, in the little paper on his hands, was a sonogram, for what he could only assume was a baby, though it looked like nothing more than a grey blob, and on the corners of the paper were records of the heartbeat, current growing weight, and the prediction of sex based on the blob being on the bottom right side.
Natalia wrapped her arm around him and pulled his head to her chest. "No, James, you didn't betray him... You couldn't have known."
He got the child he swore to protect injured. And then he tried to blame Steve. He turned to the blonde.
MJ looked to Peter who was playing with pebbles on the ground. "Hey, you're the guy dating Peter right?"
"I'm sure you have questions, so I'll answer the basics. As I'm sure you know, you're in an underground Hydra base at an undisclosed location. The fact that you led your... Family, here. Means that you know where we are anyways so there's no point in the formalities. You were tricked and lied to by people you trusted, they work for us. I won't tell you who, because on the very slim chance that you ever leave here, we don't want you running your mouth."
Peter gently takes the bag, quietly asking if he made sure it was smushed down flat. The question brought a smile to Wade's face. Maybe Peter didn't remember a whole lot, but he remembered some things every once in a while, and that was a good start.
"We found her in a room on the second basement floor... Cut open, ripped apart, whatever you will... The room she was in was cold, it slowed the decaying process, so she... Stayed... She stayed together longer, you could say... And I can't tell you why they did it, not really. I can't think of any reason more than that they wanted to get to you, and they thought she was the quickest way to make you break... And I'm so sorry that they did that to you, Peter... I can't even begin to imagine how you feel right now, and I know it hurts, but you're not alone, okay? We're all still right here for you, Peter, and we wanna do whatever we can to help you adjust to this new life, okay?"
During the flight to the place that Peter was being held, Bucky sat curled into himself on the floor, Nat was cleaning her guns, and Tony was pacing. Wanda was sat down near Bucky and Rhodey was watching Tony pace. Clint was sitting next to Nat and Sam was helping Steve to pilot.
He doesn't get to move much considering that just a little over half of his body is covered in stitches and bandages. Mr. Doctor Strange has had him on some pretty powerful painkillers for the last couple of days, which means he can't feel the pain.
Bucky also makes a plate for Mr. Banner, insisting that he doesn't eat enough for how high his metabolism is. Mr. Banner thanks him quietly and begins eating. Natasha doesn't begin eating until Peter does.
Bucky's focused on Peter so much that he doesn't notice what's in front of him at first, he just notices that Peter stops moving and looks like he's having the shock of his life.
Wade was nearly getting off on just listening to Peter, this wanton whining side of him that nobody else had ever seen. Peter was usually very quiet, sure he talked a lot sometimes, but he was quiet. He used a quiet voice when he spoke, and he was very awkward when he did so. He was a quiet kid, but right now he sounded so promiscuous that Wade just couldn't help himself when he started pounding even harder into Peter. A simple shift of his hips had him slamming right up against Peter's prostate.
The way Nat's shoulders seemed to lose all of the tension they'd been holding felt like enough for Steve to know that she completely agreed with the idea before she even said it. When she did, it was quiet, like she'd almost been afraid to say something. It seemed like Steve's train of thought just picked her up along the way, as she'd been thinking about it just within the last couple of days.
This wasn't the place to think or speak of that though, because this was Christmas, which Peter clearly enjoyed. He looked so pleased and excited even when he wasn't opening gifts. He looked just as happy watching others open gifts or even looking at Christmas lights on the tree. Peter truly was just a happy soul, absolutely just so happy to be around. Bucky was happy having him around in general.
The bodies of Hydra agents were strewn all across the main room. Steve had to step over several to even get to the hallway that led to the rest of the building. He only tried to check the pulse of two, but he gave up on that, knowing that with the state that Bucky was in now, there would be no survivors.
Nobody had ever seen Peter Parker get angry. Now they're all wishing they hadn't. See, when he was angry, Peter wasn't the same. He wasn't pulling his punches to avoid causing a serious injury like regular Peter was. No, this Peter didn't care if anybody got hurt. Right now it's what he wanted. He wanted to make this kid hurt for even mentioning his mother to begin with.
welcome back to hell, or the one where Peter returns to Midtown for his Sophomore year of high school.
Steve's heart hurt for Bucky as he walked back down the path and took the man into his arms. "You're gonna be alright baby... This is our home, remember? Nothing can hurt you here."
Peter asked how they were doing, but the answer surprised him a little. He knew that Tony and Bruce had split, but he hadn't heard anything about him and Miss Potts getting together, and now he felt like being a little nosy... He'd resist the urge though, just happy to see them being happy and holding hands in the front seat.
He had to drop one of Peter's legs to do so, but Peter didn't seem to mind the animalistic fucking. Being pounded so roughly that his body jerked with each thrust of Wade's hips. Their balls slapped together and it made Peter whine out as he gripped onto Wade's arm. He couldn't take much more of this...
Peter was too willing to be hurt in place of another member, and it was a bit scary to think about. Knowing that Peter would rather be hurt than let anyone else be hurt was either heartwarming or heartbreaking. To know that Peter would gladly take a bullet for any member of the team was frightening enough, because how many of them would say the same? How many members of the team would take a bullet for another? Natasha would, as would Steve and Bucky. Sam admits that it wouldn't be the first time, and God knows Clint would do it in a heartbeat.
Peter smiles gratefully and curls up a little, wincing at the pain coursing through his body. He could handle it, he always does. He learned from the best how to hide it, even if they thought no one else knew of their pain. Peter always knew, he just tried not to ask unless it was so painfully obvious it was like they were begging for help, for comfort. He wanted them to trust him enough to come to him first. That's how it should've been.
Hydra wanted this baby, Hydra wanted him to have this baby. He didn't get to choose. He didn't even get to choose the father of this baby, and that would haunt him forever. He wasn't even sure if he wanted to
Bucky pressed his thumb down harder and brought Stark's face closer to his as he growled out, "Don't tempt me."
He handled everything a new year had to throw at him... For a couple of weeks anyway. What he didn't handle very well was when some new kids showed up and dialed the bullying up to an 11.
Bucky shook his head. "How can you love me after what I did?" A sob left his lips and Steve sighed and pulled him into his arms.
But Tony Stark? All Tony Stark had was brains and money. What was so scary about that? Sure, Stark could buy Peter's whole block in Queens in under five minutes, and his tech was out of this fucking world, but Tony Stark wasn't scary. Not to anybody. No, Tony Stark was rude and arrogant and irrational. Wade began seriously wondering what Tony Stark had done to scare Peter.
Steve remembers coming home late that night and seeing the sheets covering some of the furniture, and not seeing Bucky at all. He knew that he'd be with the others, but some part of his pain riddled heart was hoping that Bucky would be in bed when he got back.
He knelt down next to the chair and sucked in a breath. "You will talk, won't you? Because you and I both know I have
One of the tears slipped down Bucky's face and Steve kissed it away as he tried so hard to do with all of Bucky's problems. Bucky dug his fingernails into the taut skin of Steve's muscular shoulders, and just like it was so long ago, they tried to be quiet. And just as it was, they failed, but who cared? Certainly not the two of them. All they cared about right now was each other and the love that they were making.
He was gentle in waking Peter, just like Steve was gentle in waking him when he had nightmares. Peter jumped at first, grabbing the hand that touched his shoulder. His eyes held a fear that made Bucky's chest hurt.
Peter's head turned towards the bathroom once he was finished vomiting, and then he was out. Passed out against the wall and covered in puke.
It was agony. There was no sign of Deadpool either. They all knew that wherever he was, Peter would be. But there was so sign of him anywhere. Not one.
Wade laughs at the use of their inside joke but then shakes his head with a frown. "No, it's nothing like that, but... I know why you're sick... Peter, we were found out by some really bad guys when we ran away... They took me into the woods and I couldn't get back to you in time to stop them from doing what they did."
But Tony Stark could not with 100% certainty say that he would take a bullet for any one member of this team.
They made it in time for him to hurl and despite her steely exterior and everything she'd ever seen, Nat still thought puke was fucking gross. She thinks that maybe it's a good thing she doesn't have any of her own children since she can't stand vomit. She turned her back to Peter as he threw up and settled for leaving the tiny bathroom all together after a moment.
Through the hallway he went, stepping silently. He approached the wall of Wade's cell and gently tapped on the glass. Wade's face was hidden but somehow Peter could tell that he was smiling.
For now, the only thing he could do was what he was doing right now, and that was stay the fuck out of it and do his goddamn job. Outside of that, there was nothing he could do for anyone really. He couldn't fix the world, he couldn't even fix himself right now. His family, his life, was in shambles. Part of him was wishing he was back to being fresh out of the ice. Before Bucky came back and before he had these people to care about and look after. Back when he spent all of his spare time in his apartment staring at walls and wondering which rooftop would kill him faster.
Tony slowly rose from his chair, reaching a hand out to the young boy, who seemed crippled by his emotions. Cautiously, he touched the boy's shoulder. Peter crippled for real, face crumbling as the emotions overwhelmed him in confusing surges, all blurring together and crashing against him like 30-foot waves.
He stays silent and sits on the corner of their bed, facing them with a face of stone. He wonders what they know. He knows they're the two best spies on the planet, but for now, he'd be the innocent child they thought he was.
When Bucky came into the room with the boy in tow, blanket wrapped around his shoulders, they couldn't help but smile.
She seems taken aback, and that's good. That's what Wade wants right now. He wants her to feel offended and chided. "For a spy with such extensive training, Madame Widow, your emotions are pretty clear."
From the front of the jet, Bucky called out his name, asking him if he wanted to see all of the wildflowers below them, saying that they could land if he wanted to get out and see them. Peter breaks their heart when he says that he hasn't been outside since he went in. Bucky quietly asks Sam and Rhodey to land so he could take Peter outside.
He was about to kill the bastard that made him an orphan. He was going to kill the man that forced his hands and killed the last of his own blood family. He was going to kill him, and he wasn't going to be sorry. Not for anything, not to anyone. He wouldn't even entertain the idea of being any kind of remorseful. Not for Steve, or Nat, not even for fucking God.
Rumlow sighs and pulls out a chair, sitting on it and crossing his arms. "As for my face, that happened when your pops dropped a building on it... Why are we keeping you here? Even I don't know anymore. I'm not sure how much longer they can keep you the way they have, you clearly don't know anything. Personally, I want you to suffer. And that's what they brought me in for. To hurt you... But I'm not gonna hurt you, Parker." Rumlow leaned forward. "
Scott's heart breaks for the four parents of this boy, and for the boy himself. He's been kidnapped and probably horribly tortured. Even on top of that, he spent his birthday surrounded by Hydra agents with guns. He knows he'd go to the ends of the Earth to kill anyone that laid a hand on Cassie.
And Bucky looked lovingly down at the little dog before smiling. "Rebecca," he declared with a tone in his voice. Steve kissed his head, and Peter's heart hurt for Bucky. Rebecca was a name he remembered, not just from any files, but from the museum.
Wade crouched next to the tub and held onto Peter's hand. "I'll explain, but first we gotta get you cleaned up okay? You really did a number on yourself."
And of course, they would not be trapped there. They would be free to leave for travel and other things whenever they pleased. They would be equals.
(I'm actually really depressed because my computer restarted sometime and I lost half of a chapter, so please bear with me for how long this may have taken to be put out and how the quality may be.)
Bucky more than certainly got an earful once Steve and Natalia arrived at the hospital. Rather than just one of them getting onto him, they both did, and they weren't exactly gentle about it. They got onto him for being so reckless, for not letting them come as back up, for getting injured, and more importantly (apparently) getting Peter injured.
Thankfully, deciding against that thought, he looked across the way to an alley where Natalia was meant to be waiting for him. As of right now, he was out of his direct line of sight, which was perfect. The less he worried about her right now, the better, and let's face it, she can handle herself.
Peter tries to recall something, anything, about what they're asking him. All he can come up with is having seen the code etched into a metal door in the basement. He makes it clear that he's never seen it anywhere else but there and they sigh but press harder for Wade's location. He can't give it to them. Even if he did know, he wouldn't tell them. If Wade was gone it was for a good reason, and if Wade left him behind, that was probably for a good reason too.
Wade and Peter roamed for a while after leaving the alleyway finally. Well, Peter roamed, Wade followed.
Nat was getting more and more worried about Peter and his well-being with every day that passed by and now, she was extra worried by this, and yesterday's sickness that seemed to vanish into thin air.
"I'm not going to leave him. I know what it's like to lose a child, and I wouldn't leave another one. Or Peter."
Wade can't recall ever feeling such a thing... Each memory of a past love was locked away inside the Fort Knox inside of his mind. And he wanted it to stay that way.
Peter couldn't manage to shake the queasy feeling he had. He'd been hunched over the toilet throwing up for 10 minutes, even though now he had nothing left to throw up. He was just curled up on the tile coughing up bile. He thought if he coughed any harder he might throw up his own lung, but that was highly unlikely.
He hit his head back against the wall and furrowed his brows. It sounded hollow, empty. He looked up to the wall above him and stood. He knocked on the wall very gently, listening very closely. He moved the framed picture of Peter and May where it hung on the wall and saw the square cut into it. He dug the edge of his knife into it and popped the panel out. Inside were two very thick manilla folders.
"That's it, come on baby..." Steve purred against Bucky's lips. Bucky, who was far past speaking, sputtered something in Russian as he pulled impossibly closer. "I've got you Bucky..."
He honestly wanted to cry, but he knew that if he showed any little hint of sadness, Mr. Stark would only ever see him as a child. With his birthday coming up, he was going to be one year closer to being an adult, and he thought it was damn near time he got treated like one.
Tony watched as the boys face transformed through several different emotions in linear succession. First confusion, then sadness, then anger, then grief, then anger and confusion again.
Peter had such soft skin, and Wade already missed holding him. He missed kissing him and brushing his lips along the line of Peter's bones.
Again, he was smacked and again he silenced, hot tears rolling down his cheeks. He saw Bucky rise to his feet and turn to go back the way they came and Peter cried harder. He was so close to being out of this hell-hole...
"You mean to tell me you've never seen or heard of it?" She asks as Bucky stands next to her in stoic silence.
'You're wrong again, Wade. You've never been the good guy. You kill people for money, and now this? You've taken HYDRA's instructions as the gospel and now this poor little boy is going to pay for it... You know what could happen to him... You know what this could DO to him... Yet you still proceed? Do you not care?'
With a smirk, the man pulled again, only he didn't let up. He opted for pulling enough that Peter leaned back to lessen said pull, and he pulled until Peter's head was in the water. All the while, Rumlow was still stroking the boy as he whimpered and fought, thinking he'd be drowned otherwise.
He nodded and began to open it, not thinking much of it. The box shook underneath his palms and for a moment he worried he was about to be blown up or just pranked in general. But when he pulled one of the flaps up, the whole box burst open, and inside of it was a grey Pitbull puppy with the most gorgeous blue eyes. It couldn't have been more than 8 weeks old, and it wasn't until he lifted the puppy out of the box did he really burst into tears.
So I started this chapter almost 2 weeks ago but I'm a depressed piece of shit so I forgot all about it
Four days after Peter's rescue and he's upstairs with Natasha and Steve and they're just having a casual conversation. Bucky is out at the store with Wanda, he thinks, and Wade had to go home for a while.
When Peter woke, he was in a room that looked all too familiar. Crisp white and glass surrounded him and he instantly knew where he was. He sat up quickly but felt dizzy. He felt a sharp pain in his arm from where he'd yanked on his IV and his blood drip, but he yanked both needles out, shocked and afraid. What had happened to him? And where was Wade?
Peter looked to James as he walked alongside him. "You're only going to be able to get through so many of these guys before the rest figure out what's going on."
Wade seemed to understand Peter's babbling. He took off his backpack and helped Peter strap it on, letting the bag act as a weight to keep Peter grounded while Wade led them through the city. Peter's phone kept vibrating in his back pocket and Wade had no problem grabbing the annoying little thing and turning it off completely.
Bucky was so clearly annoyed with him and his never-ending battle to be a part of the chaos. To have a spot in the line to defend the country. To have a place to defend Bucky, even though Bucky didn't need a scrawny kid looking after him.
He ran to the wall of glass and beat on it as hard as he could with what little strength he had. "Hey! Mr. Stark! Steve! Anybody, please! Let me out of here!"
Bucky knew the parent card was an extremely low blow, especially after everything they'd been through. Natasha and Steve both shared a look while Tony stared up into Bucky's eyes. The conversations passing through the air were quickly brushed away when Steve asked what they should be doing. Tony just shook his head. "The only thing we can do now is doing our damndest to find Peter."
Peter slipped his hands underneath Wade's sweater and Wade reluctantly allowed him to pull it off. The exposure of his skin hurt like flames were tickling every inch of his body. To be held under Peter's gaze like this burned him. But Peter paid no mind to his damaged skin, at least, not in the way that Wade feared. Peter leaned up and attached his lips to the place just below Wade's collarbone.
Bucky answered instantly, apparently the reception was really good in Wakanda. Steve loved listening to Bucky's voice, which is why he asked how his day went as soon as the call connected. Buck couldn't resist and dove right into talking about how advanced everything was, the science, the medicine. He said it was so nice, and the place he and Peter would stay was amazing too, and it was a shame that Peter couldn't see it yet.
"Shut up... You don't get to call me that... Not anymore. Not after what you've done." He squeezed tighter and Tony's heart rate quickly elevated. He was afraid... Good. He should be. With the way Bucky was staring at him, eyes darkened with pure hatred and rage, he was lucky he was still alive.
problems with killing you. I don't think you mind though. You know that you deserve it. You deserve death, and so much more. You deserve to suffer!
wasn't enough to make her heart break for him. She didn't think she'd ever heard him so afraid of anything in her life before now.
He curled in on himself, to try and make his small space seem bigger, but he knew that the same panic would ensue once he woke again. He was sure that this nightmare would last for the rest of his life, however long that may be.
Peter was curled up in Steve's bed still, and he knew he didn't have a fever, so he wasn't sure what it was that was making him so sick. His Spider-sense was bouncing off of the fucking walls so much you'd think it downed 17 cans of Redbull. It was making Peter paranoid, and he couldn't stop shaking it was so bad.
But it had really fucking good food stands. Hot dogs, tacos, snow-cones, you name it. Wade, had an endless appetite, and Peter hadn't eaten since the day before. He let Wade buy him a snow-cone.
Rumlow seemed pleased but made no move to help with the removal of his pants or belt. He did instruct Peter to take the belt all the way off and hand it to him though. Peter did as he was told and handed the man his belt before undoing his cargo pants and pulling them down some.
She let out another shuddering breath and wiped away a tear before it got the chance to escape her eye. Wade didn't say anything, just put a hand on her shoulder. She glanced up at him.
Steve, who had returned without any perishables of the kind, could feel that something was off and sat his bags down before making his way into the bedroom.
MJ and the other girl had Peter propped up against a wall. He was dripping with sweat and staring off at nothing. He was shaking, and after a minute he began heaving, but it only lasted a second because in the next he was throwing up all over himself. The other girl called for Wade, who only poked his head out of the door. The merc's heart dropped when he saw his boy, shaking and vomiting with no idea what was happening whatsoever.
Peter nodded as best as he could with the tight grip on his jaw. Rumlow used one hand to undo his pants again, letting them drop to his knees. He pushed Peter's knees up to his chest, and without a care for how much it may hurt Peter, began to push inside of him. Peter cried out at the pain and the burn of the stretch. Rumlow wasn't exactly small, and this was agony for Peter's fragile body.
He was fast enough to nearly beat Natasha at hand-to-hand, and he was getting sneaky enough that even Steve couldn't tell he was coming sometimes.
Clint broke off from the group and when he turned, Peter could see the dried blood on his face and it made his heart drop. This was his family, and they were hurt. If they had just let him come along then maybe he could have taken the worst of it for them, and they'd all be okay.
Wade would be lying if he said that Peter's defensiveness of his parents (and the way he looked when he was pissed) didn't get him a little turned on.
Peter nods as he takes another bite of the fruit. "Yeah, it was good. We had Pepper with us. We went shopping."
Now he just had to figure out how on Earth he could manage to break the news to Peter that he was going to be leaving, despite promising Peter just yesterday that he wasn't going to leave his side. He had to figure out how to live with being that asshole of a deadbeat parent that abandons their child in their time of need.
Their fronts were very simple, just two names in Peter's handwriting. He opened one and inside were printed files, photos, reports... These were Peter's birth parents. C.I.A. agents. These were the two people that made Peter afraid that the people in his life now might leave him at any given time. That they'd leave him somewhere and never return. These were the two that left him in May's care all those years ago.
The douchebag was obviously high as he answered, "Aww man, nothin' bad, just a little bit of Cherry Meth, ya know? It's no big deal."
He continued to struggle to breathe but she kept talking to him regardless, and as she did so she slowly started sinking towards the floor and made sure that he came with her until they were kneeling and Peter put his head in her lap. She continued to gently rub the scratch on his wrist as she played with his hair and as he relaxed, his watch vibrations slowed down.
He remembered the smile on Bucky's face. He remembered how excited Bucky had been to see all of the science and technology. He knew this was also Bucky's last chance to chaperone those girls on their dates, and Bucky wasn't going to let them down.
She sighed and grabbed onto Peter's arm to pull him off of the ground and into a standing position. "My name's MJ, I'm at Peter's place. He's having a party and he's wasted and I figure that you know how to help better than I do."
Nat looks a bit shocked for a moment and then repeats that violence won't bring May back, and once again he agrees because he knows that.
Peter continued to stare blankly at the photos in his hand for a very long time. He could see May standing across the room, with her hands in the pockets of her sundress. She was smiling, for some fucking reason. How could she be so fucking happy about this? This could be the end of Peter completely.
Steve would go back to his pre-serum days when the cold nipped at his bones and burned his lungs. When his asthma was so bad he couldn't take a breath. He'd go back there if it meant Peter would be okay, and Tony? Nobody was quite sure what Tony would do for Peter. He was the least affectionate to him out of everyone in the group.
"Miniscule?" Nat finishes, and Peter agrees again. Nat laughs and kisses Peter on the cheek before ruffling his hair.
"No, you don't! You just wanna get your money!" Peter was in hysterics now, sobbing so hard his body shook. He just wanted to go home, he wanted to be safe... He didn't want to hear Agents walking into the room, and he didn't want to hear their gunfire.
Peter moaned and all Wade could do was smirk as he moved his free hand to stroke Peter's aching cock.
Wade needed to be strong, for when Peter needed him next. He was sure Peter would need him again, especially if he was the only teenager in a compound full of adults like Tony Stark.
Rumlow took the scalpel from Peter and used it to cut away the hospital gown the boy wore before pulling Peter's oversized underwear to the side. Peter braced himself by grabbing onto the assassin's shoulders, hissing once again at the less than gentle penetration. While the boy was distracted, Rumlow digged the scalpel into his skin, dragging it along the underside of his collarbone.
"Trust me, Peter! I will get you out of here!" And Peter did as he was told. Right now he didn't have any other option than to trust this man in front of him, but somewhere deep inside of him he knew that they wouldn't be escaping right now if Peter didn't already trust him before all of this.
Turning his gaze to the left of where he is standing, he sees the usually smirk Tony seems to wear these days, but a nagging feeling of something being different persists in his mind. There seems to be almost some sort of softness in the other boy’s eyes, and it is then, when Steve follows his eyes down to see a young boy, who couldn’t be older than perhaps 12 years old, clutching Tony’s hand.
And as Steve fought, he could feel his movement getting sluggish, the wound from his leg opening back up, dripping crimson blood almost like a trail behind him, marking his mistakes, his failures, his tragedy. But before he could blink, there was a flash of silver in front of him, until he was shoved out of the way at the last second before he closed his eyes.
Tony’s heart grew cold, and he quickly packed away from the door, reaching to close the door in front.
“Wait -- I thought you were freaking out over me ‘ruining your counters’ literally a minute ago. What happened to that?”
Tony looked up to see Steve, before darting his eyes to the clock on the wall which stood at 5:48 in the morning. “Wait - I can explain why I’m awake. So you see this screen? I’m programming a machine that will finally allow me to establish contact with Oppy without worrying about the dust storms and dirty solar panels because it doesn’t have to rely on using the -”
“Steve! Steve! Okay so I finally figured out how to bring Opportunity to establish contact and it’s on a trial run so far, and Steve! I’m so glad that now all those 5,000 something scientists won’t be a waste and it isn’t considered dead because it’s not, it can’t be. It was just those stupid dust storms and it helped us so much? Oh! And maybe if we establish contact it can become friends with Dum-E, and U, and Butterfingers, so yeah. What do you think?”
“You’re my hero.” Tony’s voice faded into a whisper. “And I don’t know what I would do without you.”
It becomes a daily thing between Steve and Tony to meet up at night and just talk with each other for hours on end.\
“Sweetheart. I promise you don’t have to do anything. I just want you to be my side, but honestly, you can just stay at the food table, if you really want. And then afterward, I’m yours for the whole night.” Tony waggles his eyebrows suggestively.
“Sure you are. You’re making that face that Tony always makes when he’s pretending to be --” The kid stops short of himself as if he isn’t sure if he’s allowed to continue talking about Tony.
Because of course, he could. If anybody could figure out how to save the rover, if anybody could figure out how to fix something that nobody else could, that fucking NASA couldn’t fix, it would be Tony Stark after all. And god, Steve was so in love with this man, so in love with with his genius mind, so in love with his sleepy stumbles in their bedroom before he collapsed cuddled up against Steve, so in love with his annoying self sacrificing streak which made Steve so scared, so mad, but made him love Tony just that much more. He was so in love with Tony’s messy hair, full of knots, tangles, but only for him to run his hands through, so in love with the arc reactor, it’s blue light reminding Steve that Tony was still here. God, Steve loved every single bit of Tony.
“Hey. Is it because of Mrs. Andrews? She’s harmless, I promise.” Tony watched Steve with soft eyes, nothing but full of love and adoration for his boyfriend.
“Our little baby finally hit puberty. I’m so happy for you!” Natasha jumps on the back of Steve, making him stumble a little. He laughs, forcefully pulling her off of him.
Grinning at his overworked boyfriend, Steve gently lifted Tony’s hand from the computer, causing the other man to groan in protest, although he put up little fight, melting into Steve’s arms.
“Okay!” Peter grins showing off his teeth, before taking Tony’s hand and dragging him towards the entrance of the school as the crowd parts slowly in shock for the pair.
Steve sighs in exasperation, although he could feel his heart swelling in love for his friends. As a senior in high school, he had since changed drastically from his early days in high school where he relied on Bucky far too heavily. Last summer, he hit a growth spurt, and finally dragged himself to the gym, resulting in well, his physique nowadays.
Peter speaks around the food in his mouth, "I found stuff about my parents on Mr. Stark's computer and now I'm trying to figure out what it all means... Some of this looks like code, but it's not making any sense to me." He points to some little sections on his screen and Wade shakes his head.
He asked if there were any tight spaces in his room and she says no, they made sure to make sure everything seemed open and big for him because they knew he didn't like tight spaces. He let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding.
Bucky looked up at him. "What?" His brows were knitted together in confusion and worry due to the tone of Peter's voice.
He made his way outside to where the jet was and pushed his way past Scott and Wanda. Nat was in the process of standing Bucky up, letting her body take the weight off of his injured leg.
"Something... I think I was supposed to come to you, I... Remember how you tried to save me... We need to get out of here..." He said quietly, glancing around like he was afraid something would happen at any moment, and it very well could.
Exactly one week later in Montepulciano, Italy, on the steps of San Biagio, they waited. The "Doctor" was meant to be inside in
Peter watches the way that Wade raises his hairless brow and frowns. "Is that all you think you are? A joke?"
He jogged down the stairs to the basement and basically sprinted down to Wade's cell. "Wade, Wade, Wade!"
