Tony stepped back, did as he was told, laying out every piece of garment on top of eachother on the couch as he stripped. Then he knelt in front of the Captian only in his slacks.
“I told you, I would never rape you. If we’d had sex, it would have been rape.” He said clearly, and forced the words to come out without anger.
Tony looked up at him for a moment, then smiled.
“Nothing, nothing Steve. Really, it’s nothing.” Tony immediately turned to him, but there was clear panic in his eyes, weather caused by the aggressive behavior of the balding agent or because Steve had once again caught him doing something he wasn’t supposed to do, Steve couldn’t tell. More importantly, Tony was smelling so strongly of fear and distress, it wouldn’t take long before even this older agents nose picked up on it beneath all the cologne.
"Yeah.." Steve replied and walked off towards the bathroom without glancing at the breakfast Tony had laid out.
"You can't order me around. Steve won't like it. You know, the big ass super soldier I'm getting married to in about.. oh" He looked at his watch, ".. 5 minutes?" Tony jumped back up to his feet. "Oh god."
"Duck left." Steve's voice ordered, and Tony did, then "Raise your foot, knee-high, step over." Tony did. "Turn right.", "Step down", "Get on your hand and knees." Tony sweated and tuned everything out. It was so much easier to focus on Steve's voice, rather than trying to guess and second guess himself. Steve's commands were clear and direct. It was giving Tony every information that he needed.
Tony shifted awkwardly on his feet, looking like he was waiting for something. It dawned on Steve that what he was seeing was how Tony would have acted around his alpha if he could let out his omega self. It was disconcerting and Steve felt shame for the thrill the idea sent up his spine. This was entirely too wrong.
Cap must have rearranged the course differently today because the instructions were different, but Tony's first step was much more confident than his first step had been the previous day.
He debated if he should kneel back down or sit on the couch next to Steve for a second but before he could worry about it too much Steve said "Bring us something cold to drink. Clint, beer?" Barton nodded, the smug bastard.  "Get yourself a glass of juice Tony."
Tony just sat there soaking up the praise, body flooded with endorphins, dopamine and oxytocin. After taking a proper spanking from a dom as strong as Steve, everything felt unimportant. He felt like he didn't need to worry about anything, everything was so basic and simple. He could just sit here.
The colonel waved a hand.
When the lights of the facility was less then a distant glow behind several hills, Steve finally stopped the car. In the dark desert only light they had was the headlights of the Rover and he had to turn them off too, as he could hear choppers searching in the distance.  That left Steve alone in the car with the glow of Tony’s heart.
Steve had said Tony’s name as he climaxed. His name.  Cap was jerking off to Tony himself!
"You will not come without permission. I know you have a high sex drive, I'll buy cages if you need help with this rule. And on that note, I want you to come and ask me for help if you ever have trouble obeying any order. You're not alone anymore Tony and all your responsibility is to me. I will always listen to your concerns and help you. My goal isn't to trip you up, this is not a competition. All you need to worry about is keeping me happy and obeying me. You have to understand that we are on the same side."
"You were being a spoiled brat." She said as she fixed the cufflink, but she was smiling. Tony shrugged, "Steve said something along those lines too. It's part of the Stark charm."
Right now, Tony was far from the timid omega Steve had seen on the Turkish border, then at the hospital. He was starting to act more like himself as he relaxed. So maybe it would just take time for Tony’s memories to come back too.
"Yeah. Home." Steve finally spoke. Then he kissed Tony on the lips and said, "but you'll have to walk in front of me. These pants don't really hide much."
The man was seriously impressive, built like an elegant machine with every muscle and snew working together to make it look like jumping rope is the easiest thing in the world to do, with the Captains toes barely touching the ground. He was jumping very fast but he wasn't even breathing hard yet.
"It's alright Tony. It's so good of you to ask for help, you're being so good. I'm so happy with you."
"Let go Tony."
"Then what are you going to do?"
"I'm just telling god's honest truth Tony. I wasn't expecting much anyway, I know very well that you are very talented in other ways." He said in a teasing voice then picked up the fork and fed Tony a piece. Chewing through the soggy mess Tony thought maybe he didn't have room to be offended.
Tony paced around the room, while Rogers leaned on the table with arms folded, his expression carefully neutral. He was making a conscious effort to remain patient and give Tony time to live through his shock. Tony could tell.
"Rhodey, please." Pepper tried to pull him back with a hand on the colonels shoulder but the colonel ignored it.
He was still in his uniform, most likely he had come straight to the tower from the airport. That told Steve how much the man really cared about Tony. He had probably come as soon as he could.
“Isn’t it kind of important Tony? If this is your first time.. Shouldn’t we try to.. I don’t know..” make it special- sounded corny but it was what Steve had in mind. He just didn’t want Tony to mock him for it, this was serious.
“Fuck. You knew?” Tony was whispering, shocked.
"Stop. Stand up. 4 more steps, duck right. Stop! Lean to your right Tony. Yes, you can stand up now. Turn right. There are steps in front of you, you'll have to climb. 2 steps. Stop! There is a gap. Step over it. You can step over it. Good! Careful! Good, that's good.."
"It should be Ms Potts." He gave Tony an expectant look.
"You seem peaceful in there, for once." The last was said gently, with the ghost of a smile and Tony didn't dwell on it very much other than Steve had been looking for something in Tony, and seemed to be happy with what he'd found.
“Really? Now? I thought we were going to have lunch.”
Steve’s hands fisted at Tony’s deliberate obtuseness.
In the end Tony had told the alpha to make free use of the guest room, Steve had accepted saying that he would have to leave early in the morning but Tony could stay at home if he liked. They had a little argument over which one of them should deal with Coulson, Tony arguing that it was his own personal business and Steve arguing that Tony wasn’t really informed enough to deal with the situation. The argument had ended abruptly when Steve had pressed Tony’s wrists to the bed and bit him lightly on the exact spot that his neck met his shoulder, effectively silencing the omega and giving Tony desperate hope for more. But the captain had left him hard and aching, fleeing to his own separate room.
“I’ll e-mail you the video later.” He said when he let go.
"It's my wedding. I'll drink if I want to." Tony answered but he went boneless against Steve's chest when the alpha wrapped his arms around him. They stood like that for a moment until Tony snorted into Steve's chest.
And then Tony was left standing there, looking down at a few screws, a pack of gum and a crumpled suit. "At least he did give me back the prototype." He thought. It could've been worse.
“Yes, sir. He did already take a shower in the guestroom on this floor.”
Steve seemed to be trying hard to hide a smile though.
"Tony, all I asked of you was to focus on obeying and making me happy. I am happy. Job well done. Alright?"
"We want to have a small wedding. Just our closest friends." Steve said.
Tony sighed.
“You’re right Pepper. Maybe it was a good thing the doctors haven’t figured out about the amnesia. If they had asked Tony..”
Steve took a step back and considered Tony, then decided to adjust his position a little bit.
That was a little disappointing. He vaguely remembered Steve taking off his clothes and dressing him in his comfy sweatpants. Oh. He also remembered Steve carrying him into the bedroom. Tony flushed.
His voice was gentle.
Pepper opened her eyes but didn’t do more than nod.
"What I've seen of you so far is a very smart and dedicated man. Generous to a fault and has absolute zero self preservation instinct. A loner all your life, simply because you've always been the smartest person in every room you stepped in, and feared for it. You feel people look at you and see money, which lead you to believe your worth is measured by what you can give out. The combination of all this, made you into a terrible team player with near suicidal behaviour. This, any of this, has nothing to do with the fact that you are a submissive, other than that maybe you find the lack of capable authority  figures frustrating. No one is good enough, or smart enough for you. No one is strong enough to bend your iron will, smart enough to know better than you."
"There." he almost slammed the two beer bottles onto the coffee table, then went and sat on the chair next to the record player. If he couldn't drink beer with them, he certainly wasn't going to nurse a glass of orange juice like a kid at the adults table.
“I..” Tony thought for a moment before answering. “I don’t remember anything. At least after MIT and even that is hazy. But I can tell I’m safe here. You wouldn’t let anything happen to me.”
Actually, when he'd agreed to Fury's terms he'd been sober as crisp morning air and well rested.
Tony was just about to start getting restless when the doorbell rang. Steve checked his watch, then closed his book.
The agents moved immediately to make him a spot on the table. He slid in across from the billionaire.
"Are you doing this because of what I did in the gym?" he asked a little wide eyed.
They had sex. Lots of sex with Steve leaving the room only to get the food that was delivered to their door occasionally. Tony lost count of the days at some point. Sometimes when he saw the sun at the horizon he didn’t know if it was rising or setting. He didn’t care. He trusted Steve unconditionally to take care of him. And Steve did.
Ironing was mind bendingly boring. First couple of shirts had been almost fun, because Tony had never ironed before (hah!). It was a new challange, a new task to be mastered. But he got the hang of it pretty fast, and once that was done, it became intensely, agressively boring. If Steve had let him watch some TV or listen to music or podcasts or something while he did it, it wouldn't have been so terrible, but laundry was downstairs and TV was upstrairs, all tablets and internet was banned for now, apparently "What's a podcast?" was a legitimate question and music was a no go, because "This is supposed to be punishment Tony."
"Ok let's take you to bed."
“You like him Tony.” Steve told him easily, trying not to laugh. “And he likes you. Give him a break, alright?”
"Mmhmm. He is a good man. If it had to be anyone, I'm glad it's him. Now move it." Rhodey said. Tony took a deep breath and let the colonel walk him out of the room and down the aisle.
Having that intense gaze move away from him gave Steve a moment to collect his thoughts.
"What do you want me to do?" Tony asked following him to his seat.
Steve wanted to wrap Tony in blankets and hide him away, or at least kiss away the sleepy, confused look Tony was wearing, damn the consequences. But he merely went to Tony, gently took hold of his elbow and led him to sit at table.
After that Tony let her lead him to bed.
"That bitch." Happy muttered but Pepper huffed and waved a hand, "Reporters. It's not an unexpected question." She said.
"Woah." Tony breathed then laughed when Steve squeezed him tight.
Steve jumped to his feet once more when Pepper entered the lounge. She looked tired, her hair a little mussed and the fancy dress looking out of place on her considering how tired and annoyed she looked.
He got up, stretched and went to the kitchen to figure out how to make coffee.
Tony was still freezing to the touch but Steve forced himself to not flinch from the contact. Some of his previous bed partners had called him a furnace, cuddling in a cold winter night, so he hoped that would come in handy now.
Tony raised his head to retort but was firmly pushed back down.
"Nah man, can't be worse than I was when I was collared." Barton said, but the chuckle that followed sounded a bit forced.
Steve had never had an omega before. Well, just Bucky but Bucky had never been his either. It had been teenaged experimentation on both their sides, then Steve had slept with with various omegas and betas. Not many, but enough to get to know how things worked.  None of them had taken the sickly and weak alpha too seriously anyway. Then he had met Peggy and after that he had gone into ice. He still had the instincts though. The instinct to dominate and protect. He didn’t know what to do, not exactly, but he could feel what Tony needed. What Tony was trying to ask for, not knowing how to phrase it. Omegas didn’t always need the care of an alpha, when they had both feet firmly on the ground, like Pepper or Happy. Stability and safety without an alpha was what Tony had been trying to provide for the abused omegas with his charity organization. When they didn’t have both feet on the ground, they sometimes needed help.  Like Tony did now.
"Good."
"Sleep well?"
"Alright ok alright!" Tony yelled when the cold water hit his thighs, his back was flush to the shower wall, he had no where to go, "Just can you do it slow at least!?"
“I don’t know. Does it matter?” He asked in the end.
"I was surprised to hear you were collared." Tony gave him a look, before leaving to drop the bags in his room.  "You never mentioned it before." he half yelled through the coridor.
"You have issues with authority figures because you've always been let down by them. You have trust issues because you yourself have always been the only person you can trust. That is not how a team works. And as brilliant as you are, trust and being able to follow orders are essential to a team. Especially a team as specialized as the Avengers. You are not just reckless, you lack the confidance in your team mates, which puts everyone in danger. In other words, you are unable to let someone else make a decision. This collaring period is meant to be a training period in teaching you how to build trust, work with an authority figure and follow orders. Do you believe it is a fair assessment? Do you think it is a fair proposal?"
His first reaction was to sit up, jarring Tony.
“Do you think.. Maybe I pulled on his pigtails because I liked him? Like, liked him, liked him?”
It was too much, Tony’s dismissive attitude, being shooed away like a stray dog when all Steve had wanted to do was to offer some degree of peace of mind. And deep down, in the darkest corners of his brain, it was rejection from the omega he had won fair and square.
By the time he'd half assed his way through the bulk of it and declared himself done, he wasn't even sure what time it was. His neck was stiff and he was a little hungry.
"And about the cooking, we'll see what you can cook and go from there. As I said, learning period."
But Tony didn’t answer, just kept looking at him with an expression Steve had no chance of deciphering while more than half his eyes were in shadows. Or it could just be that Tony wasn’t entirely lucid. He must have hit his head pretty hard to get a cut under the helmet.
“I can see you’re hard you know. I can even smell it from here.” Tony commented but he didn’t sound smug, he just sounded like he was pointing out the obvious.
"We used to get these canned spaghetti on tours, it always had some sort of tomato sauce on top. Boys tought it was disgusting but it was better than nothing."
Pepper was on the phone, calling hospitals and police stations along with everyone she knew, trying to find out if anyone had seen Tony and all Steve could do was pace nervously around her, trying to hear the other end of her conversations.
“I think I need.. I mean I know you’re not interested in me that way. But if you could.. Sometimes I feel like I’m free falling with nothing to hold on to. And when I look around, all I see is.. ” Tony paused a moment then ran his hand over his face, visibly trying to pull himself together. Steve could see the frustration in his eyes, he thought Tony wouldn’t finish the sentence but then Tony did, “is you. All I see is you, alright? One solid thing that I can hang on to, to stop the feeling of free falling, never knowing what is going on, where I am, but I know you. And then I remember you’re not really my alpha, you don’t have any obligation to hold my hand through the day, and then some asshole yells at me and I do what? Weep like a poor little omega who is lost without any-” words poured out of Tony in a mix of anger and resentment. Steve could tell all of the negative emotions were directed at himself and he hated seeing that. He interrupted Tony. Now he could see what the problem was.
“Hmm?” Steve looked up at that.
Steve slammed the car door shut without really meaning to use so much force. It banged shut on Tony’s face, almost catching his fingers. The window of a lesser car would have shattered.
This was so stupid. He didn't want to fetch drinks for Barton... He didn't even want the archer to see him fetching drinks on command. But he didn't want to earn any punishments either, other than his outburst about the sex, he'd been doing so well, even if he did say so himself.
“Wait, he did?”
(See the end of the chapter for
On Pepper’s orders Jarvis had locked down any historical information, like Tony’s capture in Afghanistan and his fight with Stane. But the technical info on Mark I was there. While Tony studied the suits under Steve’s watchful eye, he was whipping back and forth between being amazed at how damn clever he had been and practically bouncing out of his skin as he begged Steve to let him take one of the suits out for a ride.
“Do you remember anyone else?” Pepper asked and as if on cue Jarvis started projecting pictures of various people onto the coffee table. First one was Colonel Rhodes. Tony shook his head.
It had been a few hours since Tony had returned from lunch but the edges of the happy bubble lingered around him. It helped that the department floor had gone unusually quiet because most of the crew had already abandoned ship.
"I don't think I'm comfortable with that." Tony hedged.
The Captain ran the rope through his palm, selecting a length.
“You know I can’t get drunk, right?” he commented as he watched Tony pour out the drink.
At Coulson’s picture Tony proudly told them, yes, he did remember the guy from the border, then looked crestfallen when Steve pointed out that it didn’t count. Tony made a joke about Thor’s photo, and another, even more wicked one about Fury’s.
"Good Tony! That was very good! You did great! I'm so proud of you."
But Steve was still frozen in shock, unable to respond. "But you.." he started, "you ran away.."
"Hey Steve, I'm done, where do you want me to leave the shirts?" he asked as he walked upstairs with arms full of coat hangers.
After swallowing he licked his lips and said, "Fuck, if this is how you use your hands, I can't wait for the rest of the show."
“I.. don’t remember. Steve. Why am I here?” Even Tony’s voice sounded different when he spoke.
“It’s interesting that you remember Steve.” Pepper commented, more to herself then to them.
Steve made an appreciative noise and picked up his fork, then he asked "Where is your plate?"
"I only want to touch you Tony. Nothing sexual. Trust me."
“Yes.” Steve nodded and Tony gave him a funny look, before he said,
“With Steve? Why not??”
Tony  didn't even try to get out of the grip on his arm.
“Steve.”
When you put it like that...
Tony dragged himself out of bed and into the shower.
“I don’t believe you.” He said, surprising Steve.
“Show interest.”
Steve guided him to what Tony assumed was the starting point, then the Captain's footsteps walked away from him.
Then to his surprise Steve loaded another forkful and ate it himself.
"Down Tony. " The Captain gestured to somewhere around Tony's knees.
"Don't you think this is super awkward?" Tony asked.
“I’ll tell him, after the heat.” Steve decided. “And you find some sort of middle ground, should we give him a lower dose? Shouldn’t we? How will this effect Tony? Will he go into heat again soon?”
“He was taking a cold shower for the last half hour. I shut off the cold water when my sensors detected his body heat going down below healthy levels. But he is still in there. He has been unresponsive to my warnings sir. I thought-”
"Done?"
“You’re not alone. You didn’t die. You survived. You. Survived.”
He flinched when he felt a hand in his hair, then relaxed into it. Steve was stroking his hair.
What sort of alpha had he pretended to be? Pepper had told him that he had been a good man. The press knew him as a very generous and loving alpha to Pepper. They had told him about the charities he worked on. Those sounded good. But he couldn’t even picture himself..
Rogers looked down at him with a quirk of his lips and said, "Language."
“Captain.” Coulson simply said with that permanent half smile on his lips. He had come to a stop right in front of the couch Steve was frozen in.
“Damn. Then I need to find him..” Happy turned to look around a little frantically, suddenly looking as nervous as Pepper had inside.
Oh! Well this house maid business looked like it'd take some getting used to.
"Medium rare." Steve said, enunciating each word, making it clear that he was setting Tony a challenge.
They had managed to pass the ride in silence, since the amount of noise the ghost jets of SHIELD produced made it mostly impossible to converse. Steve didn’t know if it was a blessing that their first time alone together was in a situation that made it almost impossible to have long conversations.
Was it usual for the Colonel to show up unannounced in Tony’s house? Maybe it was, they were close friends. But Steve had thought the man had been away on mission. Then again, it was entirely plausible that he would want to check on his omega friend after the incident in Syria. Steve remembered that Pepper had called him when they’d brought Tony home from medical.
It felt incredibly nice, to lay this close to Steve's bigger body, feel his strong hands gently massage his aching arms and fingers. He dropped off to sleep in a matter of seconds, none of his usual concerns making an appearance to keep him up all night.
"Fuck, I'm not good at this, I should never have come here." Barton started after a minute of awkward silence.
Steve nodded, "I see that. But first you need to help yourself. Now drink this."
There, it was out. He sounded pathetic and clingy and insecure but wasn't that just the truth of the matter?
Fucking hell, but the cage was starting to get painful, he could feel his cock pressing firmly against the plastic bars now, his flesh bulging, unable to get erect.
Steve frowned as he watched Pepper try to cover Tony’s trouble and lead him away from the people who tried to shake his hand.  Something was wrong with Tony and it was scaring Pepper badly. She was trying hard to hide it but Steve could tell because by now he knew them both very well.
"Comfortable?"
With all the evidence surrounding him, Steve still had trouble matching the image of self-assured, cocky Iron Man with the image of the omega he had saved from the thugs tonight, clinging to Steve in desperation and need, scent intoxicating, a look of pure fear and submission in his eyes. How had he even managed to go so far..
But in truth Pepper was pinching the bridge of her nose and shaking her head at Tony's answer. Of course she was happy but she saw no reason to antagonize the media further.
"Please. Steve. Just this once, can we not?"
Fuck. He should never have done that. He shouldn’t have watched it. He was a disgusting man. A disgusting, desperately horny man.
“But he didn’t? I mean Tony, didn’t go into heat? How?”
Steve said and the footsteps retreated to the couch.
Pepper looked at him with a frown.
The Captain turned to move around the house and not knowing what to do Tony sort of followed him. When Rogers seemed to be satisfied that everything was settled, he sat on an old fashioned, dark brown leather couch and gestured Tony close.
Steve's hand paused it's petting for the fraction of a second, then continued.
"Come here." Rogers calmly told him as if nothing happened.
He looked up at the mirror, into his own eyes. For a split second his eyes looked haunted, longing. Then he frowned, pulling the cocky cloak over himself.
"Oh hey. How are you feeling?" Steve immediately sat up and smiled at him when he pushed up his blindfold, and Tony couldn't resent him this time.
“It’s all my fault. Stupid. My fault.” Happy muttered as he reached inside the car and gathered his phone, locked it and turned to place a bold and pointless hand on Steve’s chest.
“Do you remember when you realized you were an omega?” She started.
"Yeah but she makes it sound like Tony is a lying cheating asshole."
"Yeah, no kidding." Tony breathed. When he dropped the towel aside though Steve was holding out a piece of cloth.
“No! How can you even… Look we did talk.. But it was..”
“I fell?” This time it was clearly a question and Tony’s frown intensified enough that Steve could see the confusion even through the lack of light.
“Steve..” Pepper put a hand on Steve’s arm to stop his pacing, he hadn’t even realized he had started wearing a hole in the ground.  “There’s the matter of.. orientation. We need to tell Tony that he is not.. I mean if he doesn’t remember, he shouldn’t go around talking to people like... He might slip up.”
Tony dropped his pencil and crossed his arms, looking at Steve with raised eyebrows.
"You keep saying I'm not ready for sex, news flash Steve, I'm not a virgin. You're about 25 years too late for that."
“I’ll have e-mailed you the file by this evening.” Coulson said and after thanking him once more, Steve left.
He couldn't hide the flinch when a speaker came online though, giving away how nervous he was actually feeling.
Steve's warm hand felt like hot coals on his shaft after the cold treatment but Tony watched in silence while his dom fitted the cock cage around him. When he was done, he held up the key to it, then making sure that Tony was watching pulled out his dogtags and added the small key into the chain.
The whole week passed about the same, Tony pushing Steve but always backing off before it got annoying. One very pleasant experience for Steve was Tony’s scent, which was starting to settle around the workshop. It was the kind of scent you only noticed if you came back to it after a while. Very clean, pleasant and deeply alluring. Somehow both fresh and earthy, evasive yet addictive. It was purely Tony without Tony remembering to hide it under layers of expensive cologne. Steve was starting to associate Tony’s scent with happiness, comfort, childish excitement and wit.
"Not really, but your behaviour down there only goes to prove that you need my help."
Steve's body heat moved away, then there were the sounds of machinery being moved about, weights loaded and unloaded, Steve's huffing breath.. It was all very calm and quiet. Tony's mind was still full of Steve's voice. He didn't know how long it took for him to slowly come out of the shallow subspace he'd went into. But it was a while before he realised his thoughts had wandered in the direction of micro transmitters for his detector prototype. When he started doing calculations in his head he realised it was time to take the blindfold off.
Barton looked at him surprised for a second, then gave short laugh. "I wouldn't know, with how tight he's clenched all the time, it'd be kinda hard to tell."
"Oh for the- Fine. Alright." Tony sighed, he picked up the notebook and the pen and retreated to his bed.
"Now!"
He went for a long run and took a moment to hate himself when his feet took him to the Stark tower. As he stood there for a moment, he imagined he could still smell Tony, even through the massive building and the 30 floors between them. He wanted to check if he was ok but that would be pointless. Instead of going in, he turned around and ran back to his own place, then took a shower.
"I don't think you're ready for that."
And of course, there was the fact that he hadn’t felt like running to his own place with a massive erection. Tony’s place was huge, with guest rooms with their adjacent bathrooms. He thought Tony wouldn’t mind if he took a shower.
The men were armed, two of them holding the suit by the arms and legs, clearly still struggling to lift it, since the suit weighed almost 250lbs. One overseeing them while watching Tony attentively to see if he would wake up, others keeping guard. The one that was watching Tony had a rifle loosely trained towards Tony’s face. Of course. They didn’t know if the suit was dormant because of the damage or because the operator was unconscious. They were afraid that Tony might wake up any minute. And considering their fear, if Tony did, they didn’t have much reason to hesitate before shooting.
He had brought Tony to the HQ too soon, and if they were going to do this, they would need time alone.  Considering the spaced out and entirely too relaxed state Tony was in as they left Steve’s office, Steve decided it’d be best to take Tony home early today.
"Please Steve, please! You have to let me suck you! I'll do whatever you want. You can come down my throat, you can come on my tongue and watch me swallow, you can come on my face, wherever you want.. You'll love it, I promise!"
So he couldn’t entirely be neutral, so what? He was an alpha, it was practically in his nature to get into pissing contests. Especially when it involved Tony, he couldn’t stop himself.
"Who says I'm worried. I'm not worried."
"Yeah, you want to condition me to follow orders. How Palovian."
"Seriously?" Tony protested and the dom stopped what he was doing to give him such a look that Tony immediately shut up.
"Step back. Spread your legs."
He knew it was irrational but still he didn’t want to let Tony down, in case he woke up and asked for Steve. Fury could wait. Training and his TV shows could wait. Food and sleep could wait.
“It’s alright Tony. It’s ok. You’ll be ok. You must be in shock.” He raised a hand to hold Tony’s hand, to give some sort of comforting touch but then pulled back. Tony wouldn’t normally want to be comforted, least of all by Steve. So his hand hovered uselessly for a moment. He needed to do something. He needed to keep driving, he knew they weren’t far from the border, but he couldn’t turn away from that look.
Tony didn't know what to say to that and it was making him infinitely uncomfortable to have his dom apologize to him. Because this was exactly that, his dom apologizing. Not just Steve, Captain America, friend and team captain. He maybe would have brushed it off, forgave and forgot, or even mock and be a little shit about it if it was the latter apologizing. But now it was his dom apologizing and Tony did feel like Steve was his dom.
"Tony. What are you doing?"
"Are-" he coughed to clear his throat, "Are you really gonna make me watch.. Watch you jerk off?" he asked. He'd meant for it to come out a bit catty at least. He sounded completely wrecked.
Steve reached out to run a hand through Tony's hair, then bent down to place a kiss on his head.
“It was my fault. I should have seen you needed help. I was the one closest to you for the last week. I was the one to decide to bring you into the HQ only after seven days to adjust. You probably could, if it was just the memory loss, but it’s not. So believe me when I say you did well Tony.”
“Yes.” Pepper looked at Tony, his expression suspicious. She was clearly trying to understand. Steve wondered what had Tony said to Pepper while he was outside.
Steve's voice was gentle and while Tony's own face was pressed into the doms impressive pecs he could still hear the teasing smile in his deep voice.
So I apologize for having to add this explanation. I'm just not sure if it came through. If it didn't, well.. it's all on me.
"Get yourself a glass of juice Tony", he quietly mimicked Steve while he popped open a couple of beers, then craned his neck around the open kitchen table to see the two men quietly talking. Oh they were talking about Tony for sure.
Thor was away in Asgard, and Bruce was a big no no if they wanted to keep the mess under wraps. Which left Iron Man and Captain America.
"Eyes to the front. Keep running. When your time is up I'll come get you."
Steve just tapped the smarting spot on top of Tony's head, not hurting him this time, just reminding him that the dom could hurt him.
Then he had to take the calls that were meant for Tony. First it was Colonel Rhodes, late as usual after finding out about Tony’s panic attack. Steve had really strained his self control not to slam the phone down on the guy. Aside from the fact that it was kind of hard to hang up a cellphone dramatically, it would do no good. The Colonel would only come knocking on their door, demanding to see for himself if Tony was alright and that confrontation with the state of mind Steve was in right now, might lead to bloodshed.  Instead Steve had gritted out that Tony was fine, implied that Tony had chosen the alpha he wanted to spend his special time with, and that they could argue about this later.
“Oh you know I’m right.” He told Steve smugly. “And you think I’m cute.”
Tony fidgeted a bit, threatening to wake up. Steve hushed him.
“Alright.” Steve nodded, not entirely convinced. “Is he sick? Because if he is, as team leader-”
“Doesn’t it?”
“Jarvis, turn up the-”
“Sir. I apologize for disturbing you but maybe it would be a good idea to have a sweet, warm drink? If you would get out of the car, I heated some water for you.”
He licked along Tony’s throat, then bit harshly. Tony keened but held still, his hands came to a halt with his fingers still firmly dug in Steve’s shoulders but all Steve felt was the surrender of his prey. He could taste the nuances on Tony’s skin and feel the tendons stretch under his teeth. It must have hurt but Steve wanted it to hurt just that little bit, to make Tony remember, to mark him.
Steve got up from the bed and in response Tony stood up from where he was leaning on the door, a little nervous about what the dom would do, but all Steve did was walk up to him and wrap his arms around Tony.
"I'm used to some warm up, if that's the way you spank your subs, you really need to step up your game."
He knew it wasn’t actually Tony’s heart, he knew it was some sort of machine, an arc fusion reactor, but in the situation he found himself in, the glow of it was the only comfort, like it was some signal that Tony was still alive.
“They are machines, sir. Their coding doesn’t allow them to feel boredom or frustration. Unlike some of your more advanced tech.” Jarvis sounded, his tone entirely too dry.
Steve's hand tightened in his hair,
Tony laughed and pulled his husband away from the crowd.
“Don’t you think we need to take him to the hospital, considering he was almost raped?” Steve asked a little aggressively.
"Misguided? I don't care what you need Rogers. He is gone. He is defenseless out there! God knows what was going through his mind when he left and he has the self preservation instincts of a gnat! Excuse me while I worry about my friend. Why worry over an omega you just fucked because it was convenient?!"
Tony’s mouth was hanging open with his eyes closed, moaning at Steve’s smallest movement. His lips were red and wet, his hair a mess, his collarbones and neck baring marks of his alpha. His thighs were trembling terribly where they were wrapped around Steve and Steve loved the feeling. Feeling Tony from the inside, invading him and to be welcomed so fully. Tony was still trying to adjust though, and there was no reason to hurry. Instead Steve let one of Tony’s hands go and snaked a hand between them to grip Tony’s hard cock.
"The vouchers Pep. All recorded and signed. Everything I own. Well. I kept the tower, I thought you wouldn't mind. Oh and my suits of course. But the company," he kissed Steve's mouth hanging open a little with surprise "is all yours now."
“I just wanna talk.” He forced out calmly.
At that Tony perked up, and Steve put a hand on his head, gently averting Tony’s gaze.
Estimated 100 meters to the impact point. 2 more antiaircraft weapons, 1 chopper approaching in 3 o’clock and a fuck load of men swarming around the facility from the trucks that still kept coming in.
"Good."
Tony's room was next to the Captain's. It was tiny compared to what Tony had back in his own place but this room was cozy. There was a plush, fake fur carpet thrown on he floor, a strong looking double bed made out of some sort of dark wood. The closet doors were mirrored, and the single window looked out onto the open street. There was only a table and a chair other than the bed and the bedside table. It was sparse, looked like no one had been in there in a long time, decorated by some professional and never lived in since then.
“Fuck it.” He said out loud and stood up. He had made his mind up. As a matter of fact, he had made his decision years ago. When he had decided to live as an alpha. Not even a beta, no. Tony Stark would be an alpha and he would be fucking great at it. The best.
"This should do." Steve said and the water shut off.
Steve scratched his ear, thoughtful. "Still, I'd appreciate it if you kept me in the loop." he said.
"You can survive this." He told himself as he put down the notebook and got up. "You survived shrapnel in your heart, you survived torture, you survived a nuclear bomb.. You can survive this." he kept telling himself as he made his way to the kitchen.
At that Tony smiled, his face blindly turning towards Steve.
"Well it hurt." Tony said petulently. The doms hand wandered back to Tony's head, pushed it back on his knee, and then to Tony's surprise started to gently rub the spot that hurt.
The captain didn't answer at first, then gently cupped Tony's face to raise his head and look the sub in the eyes, Tony tried to look away but it was so hard to do under that intense, blue gaze. The dom was slightly frowning.
It had been 5 days since Tony had went into heat. And for 5 days they’d been in this room, mostly in bed. Sometimes Steve pushed Tony into the shower to wash him, tend to Tony’s bruises where he had grabbed the omega a little too strongly in a moment  his control slipped.  Looking at all the hickeys and finger prints on the omegas skin, Steve felt both proud and guilty.
Tony shook his head.
"Tony. You are my submissive now. My responsbility. Mine." The way he said the last word almost scared Tony, intense and decisive. "Don't be late."
"How are you feeling?" Steve asked finally, in a hushed tone.
Then one of his hands moved up to hook a finger under the collar around Tony's neck that the sub had forgotten was there. Then Steve used the collar to pull Tony closer.
Tony had nothing to say to that, other than 'bullshit'. Which he kept to himself. The dom kept on talking anyway.
"Look, I just need to go to the bathroom for a minute, then I'll be back. You made me drop the pennies too, which I was holding perfectly fine. It's not fair."
“Oh. Right. Steve told me about your..” Banner pointed to his head and grimaced.
"Childs play. You should see how many G's I pull in the suit." he retorted back.
At that Tony’s smile faltered. “Do I? Seems cruel to keep them locked up.”
And after that Steve would fall asleep imagining holding Tony close, kissing every mark he left on the darker skin of the smaller man, comforting him and telling him that everything would be alright, Steve was there for him now and he would never have to pretend something he was not, ever again. He would tell fantasy!Tony how he admired him, how strong Tony had been until now, but he didn’t need to be anymore. Steve would take care of him.
"I. I can't."
"It was my choice!"
"Ow!!" The protested hands immediately going to his butt. "What was that for??"
"The last part means sex right?" he asked, "Because if it's not, I'd like a moment to decide if I want to use my safeword now."
"Yeah? Don't get used to it, I'm sure I'll fuck up soon." Tony answered lightly over his shoulder. His hands deep in soapy water. Then he startled when he felt big, warm hands on his waist.
When they reached a more secluded corner of the corridor Steve turned to face Tony.
Tony smiled, "You did."
He had wandered in to the direction of the main street, hoping to catch a cab at first, then he had simply wandered mindlessly. After that it was a terrifying mix of instinctual want and intellectual wrong. Hands on his body that felt good but should never be there. Nausea and lust, disgust and desire, pulling Tony both ways as he had kicked and writhed when the men held him down.
"Two more swats."
But he just nodded and said “You’re not an asshole. Just be a little more careful. Maybe less socializing for the first couple of days? Hm?”
“Go to R&D labs today. I want you to stay there and keep working on learning about the tech. You’re strictly forbidden from trying to pry information about yourself. I want you to familiarize yourself with the people here first. If you want to make friends, I think the guys down in R&D will be happy to have you around and help you. It’s also better than flirting with young agents to get info about SHIELD’s projects. ”
Some semblance of his logical mind was holding back the reigns though. Telling him to wait and see, this was pure instinct, it meant nothing. This whole thing was going to end in dissappointment anyway, so no need to embarras yourself.
“Cap..” He rasped, his voice like gravel, evidence that the thug had almost choked Tony with his own tie.
“But I know how to fly it now! Technically.. How can I go back to work if I can’t use one of these suits?”
Tony looked up. Steve was standing with an arm full of clothes, watching him look at the drawing.
“I can imagine. But it gets me out of work so..”
On the other hand it was Tony’s alpha who was lying next to him. Calm and permissive right now, but also commanding, and a little wild, like a beast of prey who let you pet it because it liked you. Or owned you. Confidant in his ownership and of his territory. All coiled strength, just held back at the alphas will. On Steve’s case even more so than usual. Tony suddenly realized he had never felt this before. Never seen it on anybody. Never looked at anybody and seen their orientation so obviously, felt it so deeply, almost superposed on their image. And in that moment, even if he still didn’t remember, he knew with absolute certainty that he had never had an alpha before Steve. He had never even seen an alpha in all their glory, like he was seeing Steve now.  He hadn’t even seen Steve like this before this morning. Even when he had knelt before him so many times. He had just known that he was an alpha. He had never felt it.
"I'll hold it, so you don't spill."
After that there wasn't much Tony could do about his situation and he started to relax. Once he was able to give up on his orgasm, it was much easier to tolerate being a live mannequin for his dom. He just had to wait, feeling Steve's eyes on him, and listen to little scritch scritch sounds the soft pen was making on the thick paper.
"Were you under the influence of alcohol? Drugs? Unable to make a decision with a clear head? In your case, I'll even count severe sleep deprevation."
“Tony! Are you alright? If you don’t answer me I’ll have to break your door!” He called through the thin piece of wood.
“Sir, Captain Rogers is ready to leave. He’s waiting out on the parlor to say goodbye. He wanted me to add ‘only if he feels like it.’” There was a pause, then Jarvis went on, surprising Tony, “He sounds worried.”
Steve didn’t say anything as he opened up his magazine but he wasn’t even seeing the words on the page. It was more than a little worrying the way Tony still watched Steve very attentively, noticing every little nuance in his mood and responding to it. Usually Tony didn’t give a fuck what anybody else thought about him. This Tony cared very much what Steve thought. Steve really needed to be more careful.
“We will Tony. Don’t make me wait.” Steve answered easily.
Tony knew he was a mess. He was a mess of pain and tears but Steve didn't seem to mind, wiping Tony's face with the hem of his own shirt, and keeping up a comforting litany of how proud Steve was of him and how brave he'd been.
Steve sounded so professional, it hurt. He didn't sound upset, he just sounded like he was trying to solve a problem. Help Tony.
Once again, after a somewhat edible lunch, Steve let him work on his prototype in a lazy afternoon but soon he was handed a bucket and a mop, along with the orders to clean the floors.
He knew what Steve’s voice sounded like inside the helmet even though Steve hadn’t let him wear it yet. He’d never heard Steve sound like that. So resigned. So grim. So…
“It’s alright,” Steve raised a hand to touch him but instead of laying down any sort of comforting touch, it howered indecisively. “You’re alright now. How do you feel?”
But before he could get the words out gunfire ripped through the kitchen, assault rifle bullets destroying everything in an ear-splitting rain of fire.
Then he frowned. Where had that come from? And why green of all things? He shook his head to get rid of the meaningless phrase. When he collected his thoughts again, Banner was looking around a little nervously.
“My name is James, Tony. But you call me Rhodey. Or buddy.. Even dick, sometimes.”
“Jarvis told me. Pepper, he was unresponsive. He wouldn’t look at me or talk to me. Not until the next morning.” Steve told her anxiously.
“I don’t want to talk about it.” Tony clarified.
“Or not.” Tony hastily went on, realizing his fauxpas. “Ok. I’ll be over there. If you change your mind. About letting me fly I mean. Yeah.” Then he scampered to the work table and started fiddling with possibly dangerous equipment.
"I.." Tony breathed, "I need help."
“What?” Steve understood the gist of the document but had trouble processing it. Pepper explained with a displeased huff.
The idea of lying himself down in the Captains lap, with all that incredible strength keeping him in place, while he was naked, and spread, vulnerable and completely in the mercy of a dom who Tony knew wasn't going to hurt him was beyond hot. It was the stuff of wet dreams.
"Tony? Tony... It's done."
He pulled his hand back, slowly, and Tony once more put his head to Steve’s knee and closed his eyes. Steve picked up a magazine from the coffee table and started to flip through it, settling in to just sit and relax with Tony. Only, he couldn’t concentrate enough to read anything.
"No. You have to trust me Tony, I have to earn that trust. If I let you get away, you'd never trust me as your dom."
But the night of the fundraiser he had seen Tony under an entirely new light. The sexual instinct Tony’s heat had woken up in him was transitory. It was strong yes, but still, sex alone wasn’t the reason he had started to look at Tony through new eyes. It was learning about Tony’s secret and everything that came after that.
"Good."
A big hand carded through his hair and before Tony could cry in frustration, he felt Steve's other hand on his hole again. He was so wet now, dripping from the through work out his dom had given him, and Steve's finger easily slid into his hole, cutting off Tony.
"You have 5 minutes to clean up." Steve said when he finished wiping his hands and put the crumpled napkin into one of the boxes. And then he leaned back in his seat, looking at Tony expectantly.
"Give me.. Give me bourbon. No, no, make it double." He told the bartender, then there were a pair of big, warm hands on his waist. He turned around to face the alpha.
Tony shook his head then winced. Steve winced along with him.
He'd never been much ashamed of his body, and he wasn't shy generally. But it was a completely different experience to be reduced to a body, a beautiful body that was appreciated by the onlooker, but just a body. He felt conscious of his skin, of the position of his thighs, of his chest pressed into the bedding and of his cock and balls, displayed brazenly with no thought for his pleasure or shame.
"What about the massive stock transfer Captain?" A male voice yelled at Steve, "You own Stark Industries now, isn't that right? How do you think it'll effect the company? Did you ask Mr Stark to quit his job?"
“Thank you Captain.” Jarvis said, still managing to sound like he meant the exact opposite. Tony’s tech was truly wondrous.
"Fuck.. Holy shit.." Tony whispered.
Making a show of it, Tony pulled the covers back in his own pristine bed and curled away from the Captain. The heavy footsteps told him that Steve left his room as soon as Tony was under the covers.
It was a big plate, with fried eggs, juicy looking sausages, sauteed mushrooms, multi-grain sourdough toast, ham, grilled cherry tomatoes and three kinds of cheese. Tony's eyebrows shot up to his hairline.
He could hear Steve flipping over the record, then settling back onto the couch.
When the obstacle course was done, Tony recognized himself as being in subspace again. He was sort of getting used to the feeling. The peace of it felt more welcoming than the previous days. Once more the captain let him keep the blindfold on as much as he needed and Tony thought about how they were forming a routine.
At that, Steve saw his own hand move, almost without his consent, it rose to Tony’s throat, wrapping around it, just under the other mans jaw, accepting the submission, taking it. He felt Tony’s adams apple bob when he swallowed, felt the tendons move under his palm, Tony’s skin warm under his fingers, he felt Tony’s pulse.
"He's not quitting his job." Steve bit out in answer. "And I don't presume to make Tony's decisions for him. We won't be taking any more questions. Thank you." he said and dragged Tony down.
Tony nudged him with his elbow and Steve put a hand over his.
Feeling more nervous than was reasonable, Tony pulled his jacket off and draped it on the arm of the couch. What would be the sort of punishment Steve Rogers would give? Tony couldn't guess. It could be very painful, it could be hilariously vanilla... Tony was not inexperienced by any stretch of the imagination, but how unreadable Rogers had always been about his sexuality and the mystery of it was scary.
"Woah woah! Stark! Those things don't come off like that! You're gonna break something!" Barton said.
“Tony? Tony!”
"Calm down big guy. I was just out getting some things done. What the hell is the caveman act about?" He asked but took a step closer to Steve, obviously signaling that it was ok for the alpha to touch him.
I'm so sorry. I know the doctors would check at head traumas. I just picture them holding up fingers and asking Tony what his name is and not much else here, because they want to get away from terrible-patient-Tony. And this is a fanfic, so please pretend to buy this little plot point...
“Hey Tony.” Steve smiled, “How are you feeling?”
“That’s ridiculous.” Steve said, but it was true that most of the medical wing knew Tony very well, also knew what a terrible patient he was, so maybe they had just hadn’t looked a gift horse in the mouth when Tony had sat there silently this time.
"Stay."
So.. I've rescued my notes and written some more of this:) At least to a point in which if it dies on me again I won't leave the story hanging.
"I'm scared." He sounded small, voice low. But in the empty room, accompanied only by the crackling of the fire it was still a solid admission.
"God, fff-.. H-how long.. How long you gonna-"
"Pull down your shorts."
“Is it that bad?”
Steve sat up but let Tony keep the covers. He could smell the fresh scent of Tony’s heat that had started to fill the room a while ago but it was nowhere near as intense as it had been the previous night. And since what he had seen in the bathroom, he couldn’t think of sex right now, nudity wasn’t an issue.
“I shouldn’t do anything,” he hissed, “You saw what you saw. And you saved me. If you expect gratitude, thanks. Thank you Cap, for being the hero you always are, saving the damsel in distress. You say you’re ok with it, fine, good. Now can we for the sake of holy burritos forget about it!?”
“No need. Come on. I’m clean, you have the serum. I don’t care. Fuck me already.”
"Oh is it?" Tony smiled.
Tony was moaning and writhing like a mad man, and all Steve could think was how much he wanted to take the omega right now. But it was so tight, Tony was too tight around his fingers. He shouldn’t have been as tight considering he was in heat. Steve still had to take it slow.
“Rape me? I was more worried that I would be forcing you!”
"Say yes if you understand."
Steve rolled his eyes. "I promise."
He buried his face in Steve’s chest and Steve put a hand on the back of his neck. Holding him.
“A little dizzy. Completely horrified.” Tony told him honestly. “I’m sure it’ll pass. I’ll be fine. Apparently I always pull through.”
Steve looked unsure but after a reassuring nod from Clint he walked away while Tony kept breathing from his nose, feeling trapped.
No matter what his instincts urged him to do, he was not a simple animal. He had responsibilities. He was responsible of Tony as much as he was responsible towards SHIELD. And this.. This might just be the best kept secret in th history of American intelligence.  Tony Stark was an omega and nobody had even suspected anything.
So he expected it to be awkward when the man himself walked in. He wasn’t sure what he expected, surely there would be no sign of the heat Tony had went through, or of course Tony wouldn’t say anything about that evening to Steve, or anyone for that matter. After all, Tony had done this before, coming into work after his heat and none of them had noticed anything off. But still, Steve expected something.
"Yes Steve." Tony gritted out and Steve let go of his hair.
"What!? You 're going to freeze my cock for a little sass?"
It was a very scruffy looking guy. Tony could tell he had broad shoulders and was very nicely built but he was standing a little hunched over, like he wanted to look as unthreatening as possible. Even his voice was soft when he spoke. Tony guessed that he was a beta.
“Here’s some of the fanmail you received, Fury directed yours to me. I took the liberty of selecting some of the safer ones.” He handed the envelopes to Tony and Tony took them, mechanically. But then he raised his head to look at Steve. Steve could practically smell the disappointment on him.
He kept the part about Bruce to last. Seeing the Hulk, even on a screen was startling at best. Right now, Tony seemed to like Bruce, as he did before the amnesia and Steve didn’t want to take that away from him, as much as he didn’t want to take Tony’s friendship away from the scientist. It would deeply hurt Bruce if Tony even flinched the next time they saw eachother. But he had to trust Tony, trust that the man himself would be the same deep down, despite the lack of memories.
As he spoke, he pulled Tony into a loose hug, both of them sitting on the ground. Tony crumpled into himself, not exactly clinging onto Steve but clearly unwilling to let him go.
“I’m serious.” He gently ran his thumb over Tony’s eyelashes, urging him to close his eyes once more. Tony complied, settling in. He understood that he didn’t have to talk, or answer, or comment as Steve spoke. Right now, nothing was expected of him.
Pepper fidgeted and smelled so strongly of distress that even her rich perfume couldn’t mask it completely. “Oh nothing really. He just felt a little crushed, he went out to get some air. Actually, you know what, I told him he didn’t need to come back. You know, all the press is dealt with, I can handle the rest now. So maybe he’ll go home. Nothing you need to worry about, you know how Tony is.”
"I would like to tell you about my point of view and then ask you if you find it fair. If you still think it's unfair, there is no reason for us to meet today. I will just leave and will not speak a word of this to anyone. You will be assigned a different dominant."
Barton snorted.
Intellectually, Steve understood that a persons orientation had nothing to do with how capable they were in life. Pepper was the perfect living example of it, as well as was Happy. An omega boxer and body guard who was very competent in his job. But the sheer force of Tony’s persona.. He could never have guessed in a million years that a man as larger than life as Tony could be an omega. Still, when he thought about it, the signs had been there. The way he would disappear periodically, hid his vulnerabilities with almost obsessive thoroughness, the money he poured into the suppressant research.. Tony had done it because he was a good man. But not only because of that. He needed those drugs. And badly.
“Who is Bruce Banner?” Tony asked as he walked into Steve’s office for lunch.
Tony was about to launch into another story about another agent when Steve shoved the last of his sandwich into his mouth and stood up.
“How may I help you Captain?” Coulson asked when Steve peeked his head into the other mans much larger office after knocking lightly.
Tony kept looking at him warily but eventually he slowly sat down on the couch. Barton also nodded and sat down on the plush, dark leather armchair.
Tony wanted to be ashamed, humiliated. But pride rose in him, that Steve thought he was being good. It was patronizing, Tony wasn't a little kid. But Steve was happy with him and that somehow meant a lot more than it should.
Tony suddenly remembered that the Ironman suit was actually all the way over at the Stark Tower and he wasn't wearing his wrist bands.
Happy barked out a laugh in front of the screen, as Steve went crimson red standing next to Tony. The reporters gathered murmured for a moment when another question was shouted out,
"Ow! Ow! Fucking stop!!"
"Steve? What the fuck?"
Steve knew the truth was a little different. Steve knew Tony wouldn’t last a day without her. But also that Pepper had never been and never would be Tony’s omega.
“No.” He answered a little more coldly than he meant to. He’d think Tony trusted him enough by now to know Steve would never take advantage of him. It had always been Tony who tried to get Steve to go for more than simple touches but last night, before Tony’s heat had started to rear its head, Steve hadn’t been the epitome of self control exactly, holding down and biting Tony when the argument over Coulson got too heated. He shouldn’t have done that. He shouldn’t have shut Tony up simply by dominating him to silence.
It was written in Tony's files so Rogers must already know it, but he still appreciated the gesture. Repeating it as a reminder to them both.
"Steve.."
"Not a good enough excuse. Now are you going to do what I told you to do or are we going to find out how many push ups you can do with me sitting on your back."
"You're both right and wrong. I also want you to learn how you can benefit from team work and trusting a team mate."
"But... thanks." Tony finished. Barton tipped his head, put on his sunglasses and walked away, Tony quietly closed the door behind him to go find Steve and face the music.
“Alright. Alright.” He sat back and looked back out into the desert. It took a moment for his eyes to adjust to after looking at the glow Tony emitted. In such deep darkness, the arc reactor was almost too much.
Tony raised an eyebrow. He knew how he liked his. "How do you like it?"
"That's fine. Here, drink this."
"If you want to tap out, squeeze that. I'll take that as red."
"Your watch and sunglasses too." The voice instructed. Tony huffed and did as he was told, making a small pile, that was worth millions, on the glass table.
"Fuck, that hurt!" Tony raised a hand to rub at the spot on top of his head and Rogers simply grabbed his wrist, bent both Tony's arms behind his back and looped Tony's belt around them, tying his wrists behind his back.
"Mmm." He answered lazily, his eyes were drifting close.
He had tried hard today. It had been difficult to be so casual about it. But his heart had raced when Steve had slid into the elevator. And most shameful of all, Tony had expected, for a moment, Steve to push him up against the wall, hold him down and… He didn’t know what but for a split second he had wanted it.
"Not yet." Steve pulled his hands away and Tony keened.
"Do you want to use your safeword?" Steve asked in the same neutral tone.
Half an hour later Steve opened the door of his mini-office and led a very relaxed Tony out. He had done nothing more than putting the other man down, touching him, providing contact and silence. As willing and tired as Tony had been, he had gone down very fast, lying still under Steve’s exploring hands as Steve resolutely ignored both their erections. But Steve hadn’t shied away from touching him, even leaving little bite marks, just under Tony’s collar bone, where the edge of his shirt would hide it, or on the edge of the arc reactor, his stomach, just under Tony’s belly button… He had touched Tony until the omega smelled like Steve the faintest bit, not enough for anyone else to notice but Tony himself and of course Steve. Tony had first lied back, shivering occasionally, and moaning, when he couldn’t keep quiet anymore. Then he had started to relax, to accept Steve’s touch, becoming familiar with the way Steve chose to handle his body and giving in. Steve thought it was beautiful. While he had buttoned Tony’s shirt back up, he had already been planning what he wanted to do to Tony when they were alone at home, what he would allow himself to do, and what he wouldn’t.
