Sherlock’s breath almost catches. Is there something there, carefully hidden behind John’s deliberately casual tone? Better safe than sorry, he tells himself. “The reason why we’re here,” he says, not wanting to say the word
Sherlock hesitates, clearly unconvinced by this, but he decides to accept it. “All right,” he says dubiously. He watches John finish his water, and wordlessly refills his glass.
John’s masseur echoes this, adding, “It’s a couple’s massage, after all. You can stay in the room as long as you like, and we encourage you to take care of each other. It’s our job to work you up, but finishing off should be your partner’s job.”
“Yeah, but – ” John persists. “You said that you might have wanted something more with me, if it weren’t for – for our obstacles, for lack of a better word. Before me, though – was there ever anyone else that you might have theoretically been interested in having that with?”
“That letter mattered,” John says, looking at his feet. “I hurt you. You can say it.”
The meeting is fine. They introduce themselves when it’s their turn. Sherlock goes first, stating it without qualm. “My name is Sherlock and I’m an addict.”
Sherlock recovers first. “We saw, but I’m a bit of a Starbucks addict,” he says, with instant false cheer and apology combined. “We’re from England and we don’t have quite as many of them as you seem to over here, so – we’ve got to get our fix.”
Molly is sitting slouched down into the corner of the sofa, hating everything. The only times she comes even close to keeping it together is when she’s got Rosie, and right now Rosie is with Mrs Whitney. It’s a Saturday and no bodies came in, so she doesn’t even have the escape of her job.
Sherlock is looking at her from beneath his curls, his shoulders slumped forward. “He hasn’t been picking Rosie up? Do you just mean that he’s been late, or… not at all?”
“Anger is the first feeling you mentioned,” Ella says thoughtfully. “What did you do with all of this anger? Did it just – build up endlessly, without release? Or did you feel that you could express it around and to Mary, when her behaviour frustrated or hurt you?”
“I told you, we’re just private about that sort of thing,” John says, stabbing at a slice of almond with one tine of his fork.
“Yes, just now,” Sherlock says. He’s still standing there, holding his empty cup, John sitting across from him.
“Time to see if our farmer is at home,” Sherlock says, meeting his eyes with grim satisfaction. They’re actually getting somewhere!
There’s a brief pause on the other end. “How soon are we talking about?” Shelley asks.
“It’s just a sound she makes,” John reassures him. “It’s completely normal.”
“John…” Sherlock says, and it comes out low, full of unspoken emotion that John’s never heard there before, and that breaks the tension.
Sherlock is watching him closely. “But?” he prompts after a moment. “We don’t have to do that, at all. There’s no rush. Rosie is safe with Kate Whitney. I contacted her this morning while you were asleep and got an update. Nothing new whatsoever, and she seems to be perfectly content, in good health and the rest of it. Would you prefer another option?”
John looks into his eyes and smiles back. “For real this time,” he agrees, meaning all those times they practised for his wedding to Mary, and they go hand-in-hand onto the dance floor.
“Fuck the balance,” Sherlock says. “It just doesn’t matter any more.” He leans over and puts his mouth to John’s.
They clean themselves off again, Sherlock pushing himself onto his back to watch John. “You’re phenomenal, you know,” he says, blinking through his lashes at John.
“Yeah.” John holds out the bags in his left hand for Sherlock to take, which he does. “I’d have waited for you, but I didn’t know when you were coming back and I didn’t want to bug you or interrupt, so I just went on my own.”
John jerks back from Sherlock, their eyes on each other’s, then they fly into a silent, semi-panicked improvisation. John moves to the far wall and hastily sits down with his back to it, elbows on his knees as he bends forward, and Sherlock reaches for the door lock. “Yes, come in,” he says, assuming a tone of clipped urgency.
“The elusive Doctor Watson, not even shying away from it,” Justin chips in. “You
John gives him a warm smile. “That would be fantastic. Thanks.”
He nods. “Yeah. That’s it. This is the real thing. Sometimes I tell myself not to grieve, because she’s still alive, right? She’s being well looked after, with people who will love her and give her a good life. A better life than I ever could have. Or – a better life than I was willing to, maybe. Maybe that’s a more honest answer. But I know you’ll tell me that it’s still a loss and that I’m allowed to grieve it.”
She bites her lip and looks away. “Married, somewhere. That’s all I know. He traded me in for a younger model. Literally. She’s twenty-three, and a model. He’s thirty-seven, a year younger than me. But I went and insisted on having a career and not being twenty-three and all that. I knew he’d cheated at least once before, but then he outright left me. We’d been together for six years.”
Vee looks back and forth between them, particularly at the mirth kindled in the corners of her son’s lips and thinks she knows what’s going on. “I think everything is underway, but thank you,” she says. She nods toward the sitting room. “Rosie’s in the sitting room with Dad, if you want to say hello.”
Sherlock processes this, blinking. “So the newspapers arrived: we know this because they were reading them. Then the package arrived but they didn’t answer the door for some reason. They were still alive when it came. The papers, therefore, arrived before the package, and the neighbour arrived after the package did.” He looks at me. “John, when did he say he came by?”
There are more hands now, including theirs. Justin turns around and looks at them. “What?!” he gets out, sounding incredulous.
“We talk all the time,” John says.
She eyes him. “How long has it been, then?”
my first time, I don’t see how I can possibly disguise the fact. It was one thing on the sofa the other night. We were still dressed, like you and I were. I was mostly covered, with a very singular exception.”
Sherlock lets a moment pass for emphasis, then says pointedly, “You know what I mean.”
“It’s worth every penny in my opinion,” Andrew says, examining a spoonful of tiramisu with a satisfied look on his face.
decorated
Jodie eyes him curiously. “Rough morning?” she asks lightly. “I preferred the waffles on yesterday morning’s buffet, but it wasn’t
“Yes,” Sherlock’s voice comes, quite low, though his form is enthusiastically hoisting his sign above his head.
Marjorie looks up at the numbers. “Oh yes – eighth, that’s me! See you at lunch, then. Thanks again – and sorry!”
“I’m making buttercream,” Sherlock says, setting down an electric mixer.
“I know so.” John pulls his face down and they kiss for a long time, relaxed and messy and wet, and it’s perfect. Their bodies are spent and heavy and soft and Sherlock loves that, too.
I realise I’m sucking in my gut and that I’m a little nervous about this inspection. “Is it – what you expected?” I ask, trying not to let it show.
“Yes sir,” Barnes says. “I can do that. I’ll arrange for an errand and put him on the desk job. Something like that.”
Ella glances at John, who is breathing with difficulty, lips pursed, not looking at Sherlock. “So you went from there to the bedroom?” she asks. When Sherlock acknowledges this, she presses ahead. “What happened there? Did you get into bed? Did you touch each other? Undress? Go on kissing?”
“And – I mean, what would it mean for us, to have a kid at Baker Street?” John asks, hating that he’s even saying it, but it needs to be acknowledged. “You
Sherlock rakes all ten fingers through his curls. “It couldn’t possibly be clearer – have
Mycroft looks at the Browning again. A vein in his forehead pulses. He takes a phone from his desk drawer and types something. “You should have it in your phone. Geographical coordinates as well as the former postal address, which… may be necessary. I don’t believe the village appears on official maps anymore. You know what occurred there, after all.”
John feels his gut clench. Now he turns, pivoting on his heels, and while he can’t quite make eye contact with Sherlock to mutely ask him to intervene, clarify this, Sherlock sees him anyway and spares him having to ask Irene to confirm it.
“Who knows. I guess we’ll see in the news tomorrow. I suppose they could have parked right in the field, too,” John speculates. “Although, do you feel a bit like we’re sitting ducks here?”
John glances at Sherlock. “Who is the actual manager? Why’s it you who’s handling all this?”
Molly looks even more confused, her brow furrowing. “For what?” she asks, looking at the daisies but not taking them.
Sherlock finds himself touched by this. “Thank you,” he says. He wasn’t expecting John to offer this. Somehow he assumed that their individual family issues – his siblings for him, Rosie for John – would be things they dealt with on their own. Then again, he’s changed quite a few nappies since John relented and let him back into his life. Perhaps this is going to be something which they share, like fixing up the flat they both lived in for so long. “I’ll think about it,” he adds, realising that the thank you was a bit inconclusive.
Sherlock is lying beside him, his face turned sideways on the same pillow, facing him, his body curled around John’s. He smiles. “That seems to have worked,” he says, that same impish quirk in the corners of his mouth.
“No, this is exactly what we need,” Sherlock insists. “It needs to be a specific cut of meat or else it will just fall apart in the slow cooker.” The butcher arrives, wiping his hands on his apron, so Sherlock tells him what they want. They’re given a package of paper-wrapped beef a few minutes later, along with a tolerant look which Sherlock notices and hopes devoutly that John hasn’t, and they set off toward the produce. They pick out new potatoes, a few carrots, a container of button mushrooms, then packets of fresh thyme and parsley. Then it’s to the packaged food aisles for a container of beef broth and a can of tomato paste. Finally, they pass by the bakery to pick up a crusty baguette, still warm in its long paper bag. “I think that’s it,” Sherlock says, consulting his list. “Now we just need some wine.”
“I won’t deny it,” Sherlock says, with an unapologetic smirk. “She
He wants to scream. But it’s the middle of the night and he’s got a sleeping child in the next room. Besides, he’s stuck out in the middle of nowhere. By now, Irene is probably at Baker Street – in the dark of the night, when anything can happen. Will Sherlock greet her, confused but pleased to see her? Will he welcome her as someone who actively wants to be with him, as opposed to his issue-ridden best friend who seemingly can’t even be relied upon to not actively wish him dead from one day to the next? Maybe he’ll find it a nice change after all the crap John’s put him through. He can’t scream, but something locked deep within his being is screaming nonetheless.
Sherlock suddenly appears at the top of the stairs, frowning. “John? What are you doing down there?”
“All the bloody time,” John says, his mouth twisting. “So you think that because I’ve been hurt before, I’m just afraid to let myself love as much as I should and want to because I’m afraid I’ll lose this, too.”
arousing to do that to someone. For someone. Whichever.”
Mycroft swallows. “No. Not once you left the village.”
He’d claimed it, and claimed it in specific reference to John Watson, to his openly-declared desire for John’s friendship, having thought at the time that he’d lost it.
Sherlock nods. This is a monumental statement on John’s part, and he is all the more exquisitely aware that great care is mandated here. “I want nothing more,” he says quietly, glancing across the table at John. “I mean that, John. There is nothing I wouldn’t do to make that work. I’m – very much open to that. To talking. To you and I learning how to communicate properly at last.” He hesitates, then reaches across and puts a hand over both of John’s, and John reacts by drawing it into his and holding it, which is a good reaction, but he shakes his head.
“So why are you here, then?” she asks. “I really don’t understand.”
Sherlock turns around. “Can’t you reach out to him?” he asks, his eyes so full of pleading that it almost pains her to see it.
Sherlock gives a sharp inhalation as he wakes and his arm shoots out to shut off the noise. That done, he turns within John’s arms, his eyes blinking and surveying John’s face as if confirming for himself that things are what they are, that John is still there, that all of this is still happening.
Kate seems to perceive the awkwardness just as clearly. “Oh. Er… I don’t know what to say, then… I would have thought you would know more than me. I’m just his neighbour. And Rosie’s babysitter, pretty often.”
Sarah shakes her head, and Sherlock nods.
He hadn’t seen it until their conversation two days later, and it had frankly alarmed him. The entire conversation, woven in and around the train spotter’s knitted hat, had essentially been Sherlock’s wholesale rejection of Mycroft’s advice to him over the course of their lives. For the first time, Sherlock not only defended the notion of having friends, but turned it around and scoffed at him for his choice
Sherlock looks away, over the crowd in the foyer. “Absolutely not. They’re pariahs now. We can’t be seen anywhere near them without becoming tainted ourselves.”
Ella looks at Sherlock, who is listening with his lips slightly parted. “So how did it get discussed?”
John does look at him now. “So you’ve never – been with anyone,” he states, though he’s waiting for confirmation.
“Yes, but
Easy for him. He’s still living at Baker Street, now that it’s been fixed up, with easy access to most of the city. Though Uxbridge was a long slog even from there.
The restaurant is noisy and crowded, but despite a grumpily-received call, Mycroft is good for the favour; our table is perfect, right along the windows. We both order French toast, mine on brioche with roast peaches and mascarpone, Sherlock’s on dark chocolate brioche with vanilla ice cream, and we drink too many mimosas. As ever, Sherlock doesn’t even bat an eyelash at the prices, so I relax and go with it. The host and server both obviously think we’re a couple, but no one says it exactly, so there’s no opportunity to even show Sherlock that I’m not going to deny it if he isn’t. I’ve got my head that far out my arse by now, at least. We eat and he deduces the patrons around us, every ‘deduction’ more ridiculous or outrageous than the one before, and I give it a go, too.
“What do you need help with, exactly?” Ella asks, recrossing her legs.
“True,” John says, wondering privately if he should apologise for being a total dick all the time. (But how could he possibly start now, given the entire history of his dickishness toward Sherlock in the past? Never mind, then.) His eyes travel over Sherlock’s long frame in the reflection behind him. Sherlock’s wearing dark grey trousers and a perfectly-tailored, should-be-illegal-ly tight white shirt, crisp and new, and he looks like he just stepped out of a magazine advert, not like someone who just spent the morning on a train and the rest of the day sitting around. He should look rumpled and tired, but even his hair looks perfect. Suddenly John has a brief, vivid fantasy of Sherlock walking into the loo, putting his hands on John’s hips from behind, his mouth in John’s hair, their eyes still on each other’s in the mirror, the heat of Sherlock’s frame pressing up against him… (For God’s sake! Pull it together!) John clears his throat. “You can come in, if you want.” (Jesus. Why did he say that?)
“John – ” His voice is gasping, his throat dry, and John isn’t even sure whether he’s awake or still sleeping, but Sherlock’s arm comes around his middle, clinging to him too tightly for John to even move.
Sherlock’s throat attempts to close, so he clears it, his fingers tightening in John’s. “You’re too far away.” He thinks that he should feel silly saying it, admitting so easily that he can’t stand not being closer to John than he is at the moment, but John isn’t at all put out by it.
Jodie eyes him over her water glass as she takes a sip. “Definitely,” she says. “Sorry, John. Probably not what you wanted to hear. And I could be wrong there, but I don’t think I am. It’s pretty clear to me that he’s in love with you, and I can’t tell whether it’s mutual or not. Sometimes I think it must be, from the way you look at him and act around him, but other times you almost seem to be hostile toward him. It’s the way that he reacts to it that makes me think that must be right, because I don’t know you very well at all, but he does. I see little flickers of it, just for a split second, and then he tucks it away behind that façade of his again. And then there are the ways he looks at you when you’re not looking. Until last night, at least, when you were both doing it and almost not even trying to hide it anymore.”
Sherlock admires the one on his hand. “Did you choose it yourself, or did they guide you toward this one?” he asks, curious. It’s made of hammered platinum, edged in smooth lines.
Mycroft swings around now. “Yes,” he says. “Something which is at least a four-hour train ride from here. Therefore I’m sending you. Check it out. Shut it down, if need be. The usual.”
Mrs Hudson waves this off. “No thanks, I’ve got to go and meet my friend Lila. She wants to show me some shop or other, so we’re meeting up for tea first. You two go ahead.” She favours them with a smile and Sherlock thinks uneasily of her choice of the
John purses his lips and nods and frowns at the same time. “Is it too soon, though?” he asks abruptly. “I mean, I feel like this entire relationship is happening years too late as it is, but even so – is that – I mean, should we have waited until I’m – better?”
It comes out very gruffly, but he said it. Sherlock looks at him. “You’re sure?” he asks.
He swallows visibly, his face pinking up, and John grins. “That,” he says fairly, “is completely valid. That’s, er, among my favouriter things to do, myself. Or – have done, I suppose I should say.”
Molly keeps her voice rather cool. “What about Sherlock?” she asks, in a pointed reminder that Sherlock is also one of Rosie’s godparents and is supposed to be doing more along these lines.
John makes breakfast, feeling slightly better about things, and feeds Rosie. She can almost feed herself, but it’s faster and cleaner when he does it for her. He drinks a cup of coffee, then bundles Rosie into her winter suit and shoes and puts her into her buggy to walk the small distance to the main road where he can get the bus. On said bus, a group of middle-aged women smile indulgently at him and he notices one in particular looking with interest at his ring-less left hand. He stopped wearing it about a week ago, thinking that it hardly made sense anymore. (Of course it had everything to do with Irene. He knows that.) His hand feels slightly naked without it, but he also stopped wearing it during the six months following the shooting, so at the same time it also feels rather natural. He smiles back in a perfunctory sort of way, nothing meant to encourage anyone – he’s learned his lesson there, and besides which, he’s completely uninterested in anyone else than Sherlock – and they get the hint and don’t try to talk to him.
“I – ” Sherlock stops and looks down at his knees. He breathes deeply again, measuring it, aiming for control. “I had been… on my own for a long time. It was… my judgement wasn’t what it should have been. I may have become… Mycroft said I had become unstable. Paranoid, even, yet also unable to assess risk accurately. I shouldn’t have been where I was. At this point, the details of the night of my capture are still a bit of a blur, honestly. I remember running through a forest, with their helicopters flying overhead, the search light finding me…”
John bends forward and kisses her on the cheek, too, which is unexpected, his lips unwittingly landing precisely where Sherlock’s just did. “Mrs Holmes,” he says. “Thank you so much for having us for dinner, and for watching Rosie all afternoon. I hope she wasn’t too much trouble.”
The rain is still spattering the skylights of the spa/therapy wing gently as they approach Margaret’s office the following afternoon. They’re a little early and her office door is still closed. John goes over to a table that has an array of glasses and cups, a pitcher of the spa’s mineral water, and a carafe of hot water next to an assortment of tea bags. “I’m going to have a cup of tea,” John says. “Let me make you one?”
He clicks a few times, then nods. “Yes. Noel Davis, born in 1990 in Manchester. He was a student at the time.”
“The cost,” Richard says immediately. “The question of whether or not you fly your guests out, which would be prohibitively expensive, or ask them all to pay that much just to attend your wedding. I mean, they get a vacation out of it, but even so.”
“All very good questions,” Sherlock says, with a touch of approval. “I don’t know. But my theory is that perhaps these supposed UFO sightings are in fact other parachuters signalling their arrival or descent. There’s nothing whatsoever to prove this – yet – but having a Russian operative parachute onto the northwestern coast of England right when local farmers are reporting the same type of flashing lights in their fields strikes me as being more than coincidental.”
“How so?” Ella asks.
John is confused. “What?” he says, staring at Sherlock.
“Guests can use it if we’ve programmed it into their cards,” Brenda says. “But we don’t normally give them access, no. There aren’t any rooms on this level; it’s all meeting rooms down that way, and at this end it’s only storage. But this
Sherlock makes a dismissive face, but Corey interrupts. “Whatever it was, double it. Triple it.”
limits.”
Now he sounds sardonic. “About what? I wouldn’t even know where to begin.”
John shakes his head, unable to look at him. “I should have stayed home,” he says heavily. “They saw me at the press conference and targeted Rosie.”
Sherlock opens his mouth, hesitates for one second, then decides to just say it. “Toward the end, when he was massaging my arse… I started thinking about last night again. I’m a bit torn between what I want you to touch the most, but I think that might be it. I want you to put your fingers in me again.”
“Don’t be,” John says firmly. “It’s my fault that it went the way it did. You were right all along: we needed –
He goes slowly, not wanting to overwhelm Sherlock, keeping his mouth soft as he lips at Sherlock’s cock, adding a bit of tongue now and then, exploring this himself, his hands stroking over Sherlock’s legs and hips and arse, cupping and squeezing it. He loves the way he can feel every little tremor and reaction, feel Sherlock’s erection get harder and harder as he goes, bringing it back into his mouth and sucking properly, caressing the length of him and making it as sensual as he knows how. Sherlock is breathing raggedly, still trying to silence himself, though he stops trying to cover his mouth in favour of gripping the edge of the counter with both hands. His head falls back and he moans, and John looks up, making a questioning sound without pulling his mouth off. Sherlock opens his eyes and looks back down at him, shaking his head a little. “No, it’s – good,” he stutters out, so John hums his relief into Sherlock’s flesh and keeps going.
“I know. And I didn’t know what you were thinking,” John says, squeezing his hand. “I kept panicking and thinking that I’d made a mistake, misread your face, or misunderstood what you said last night.”
Sherlock smiles and makes a right turn in the direction of the coast. “I’m the one who overreacted to that,” he admits. “I knew I’d given too much away, as well as reacted all wrong given that I’d already turned it down. I just didn’t want to lose you, though.”
“Extremely,” he says. He turns his face toward Sherlock’s, his left hand dropping to explore, and he finds Sherlock still hard as a rock. “Let’s see to you, then…” He seals their mouths together again for a long moment as he strokes Sherlock’s cock and marvels again at how good it feels in his hand, at how long he’s needed to feel this, touch Sherlock this way. He releases Sherlock’s mouth after a moment to let him breathe, which he does, his head dropping forward to gasp into John’s neck, fingers gripping at John’s shoulders as John’s fist works over him. John presses kisses into his hair. “Can I… return the favour?” he asks, his heart still thumping. He’s never done this before, and never admitted aloud in the whole of his life that he wanted to. But he does. He more than wants to – he
Sherlock watches him go, then closes his eyes for a moment. He opens them and looks down at himself, grimacing at his visible arousal and hoping devoutly that John didn’t notice. Shower, he thinks vaguely. Yes: he’ll need to deal with this if he wants to get any sleep tonight. He closes the bedroom door, then strips off his pyjamas and shuts himself in the bathroom. Safely ensconced in the hot steam of the shower, he touches himself as quietly and furtively as he possibly can, though stealth is a matter of long-enduring habit at this point, particularly when John is home. He keeps his eyes closed throughout, feeling John’s lips on his the entire while, imagining John’s hands travelling further over him, their bodies pressing together – he comes with a choked-off breath and rides out the controlled orgasm as quietly as he can manage, then rinses conditioner out of his hair and shuts off the water, still breathing hard.
He’s curious, then. Interesting. I tamp down my instinctive dislike for the man – I might have just imagined that sneer, I remind myself – and go sit down in my chair across from him, since Sherlock hasn’t sat in it. Sherlock pulls over one of the desk chairs and sits down next to me, and we wait for the man to speak. Suddenly I wonder if he doesn’t look a little familiar, but there’s absolutely nothing memorable about his bland face. It’s a face you could see anywhere, one that would blend into any crowd.
“Actually, I’ve collected a sample,” Sherlock volunteers, holding up a tissue upon which he’s managed to sop some of the spilled water. “Once I’ve tested it, we’ll know what the poison and concentration were.”
believe it – but it’s still incredible to me, you know.”
anything, then maybe he could have said something, too. But Sherlock never has. There’s never been any real reason to think that he wanted something more. In all of their talks, he’s had chances to say it, to bring it up, but he hasn’t. John figures that the ball has been in Sherlock’s court ever since he said that he considered himself married to his work. If he ever wanted to take that statement back, he could have. There have been dozens of opportunities over the years, but he never has, so John’s concluded that he must not actually want anything more. There are times when he’s thought he could feel it, though, or even see it. It’s not enough, though. He’s got to hear it.
Should he say something to reassure him? Say that he doesn’t mind this odd favour that John has asked of him? Sherlock decides against it. Maybe John is worried about the woman he’s meeting. (Never mind.) Instead, Sherlock focuses on the direction they’re taking, since he missed the information in the announcements. They’re still in the city but headed due west. That doesn’t change as the train gets free of the suburbs, bound in a clear line for the west. Perhaps his guess about the Cotswolds was correct, then. Time will tell, he supposes. He could ask John again, about the travel time. See if that prompts any information about their destination – or John’s destination, rather; Sherlock assumes he’ll be on this same train bound back to London shortly after delivering John to his cozy little love-nest, or wherever it is that he’s going. Sherlock feels himself scowling out the window, which his mask will only partially hide if John notices.
he imply that? That he wants to try it
Sherlock attempts to swallow, but it doesn’t quite work. “I know,” he says around the hardness in his throat, and John kisses him again. “Me neither,” he adds after, and John makes a sound into his mouth and picks him up, Sherlock’s legs coming instinctively around his waist, and carries him over to the bed.
I swallow down any disappointment over him not continuing what he was doing and turn onto my front at once. “Like this?”
the jogger: bitter ex-girlfriend getting revenge for a discovered affair, as it turned out. Sharon Jackson, who works in a government chemistry laboratory, is arrested in her home eight blocks to the east at half-past eight, to her very great surprise, and comes quietly. Sherlock turns to John without hesitation. “Dinner?” he suggests. “I’m starving.”
“Christ, don’t apologise!” For the only time in the encounter, Chris had actually sounded frantic, his fist jerking wildly, and despite himself, Sherlock found himself watching it, fascinated and limply spent after his own release. There was a table holding a telephone and a box of tissues in the corridor and Chris grabbed at the latter with the hand he’d been touching Sherlock with and covered himself just in time as he came, then leaned up against Sherlock in a way that almost felt more intimate than what they’d just done. After a moment, Chris had collected himself, his breath under control again, and pulled back. “That was – thanks for that,” he’d said, sounding like he meant it profoundly.
John gives him a patented look. “I think you suggest that just because
John takes a deep breath, then lurches into his apology. “I’m sorry,” he says, the words jamming on his tongue in their rush to get out. “So sorry, Sherlock. I don’t know why I – I’m an idiot. I didn’t mean to hurt you like that. I don’t know what I was thinking.”
Sherlock nods. “I suppose, yes. Though, before we go any further, we’ve forgotten to put on the lights. We should do that before the branches get too full.”
Ella, meanwhile, has been jotting some of this down. “I see,” she says now. She turns a page in the notebook so that neither of them will read it, and turns her attention to Sherlock. “You’ve been quiet,” she observes. “How do you feel about what John has said so far?”
“You’ll see,” Sherlock promises. He’s kneeling behind John, his finger still moving gently within him, the pleasure not abating at all, and now he’s bending down, his breath hot on John’s skin. He bites at John’s arse cheek.
“I’m aware of how babies function,” Sherlock says dryly. “I’m not that hopeless a cause.”
again, but suddenly wondering if he
“Please,” Sherlock interrupts him. He finds John’s mouth again and kisses it with conviction, then again. “Please,” he says again, the word sticking in his throat. “Stay with me.” Another kiss, John kissing back just as firmly, just as hungrily. “I don’t know what I’m – but I know that I want this. Want you.”
John laughs and shakes his head. “You’re phenomenal, you know. I’ve let myself in for a lifetime of having my every move pre-calculated before it’s even occurred to me.” Whoops. He didn’t quite mean to say the
He stayed in London until his funeral, wanting to keep an eye on John, then plunged into eastern Europe and a mission he never expected to last two full years. It was interminable, and he was lonely. In addition, knowing at last what he truly desired of John made the separation all the more difficult. His body and heart had connected in a way he’d always prevented from happening in the past, and once awakened there was no forcing his previously-dormant sexuality back into ignorance, no way to stop himself from dreaming of John’s touch instead, John’s lips on his, warm and pliant and wanting. He could have indulged, he supposes. Could have found someone else along the way, just to take the edge off the need burning within him. But somehow, knowing for certain that only John could satisfy that need, it didn’t seem worth his while. He never did it again, keeping himself on permanent reserve for John and John alone, despite never knowing whether he would see another day every time he closed his eyes. He thought of John constantly, even in his chains.
“Some odd behaviour from the staff in terms of flirtation, which I take it could be more expected in, er, a setting like this one, but also, once, a missing person. That report disappeared literally within seconds, but here’s the funny thing: so did the account of the person who made the report.” Lestrade flips a page. “The account holder’s name was Jimmy Walders, said his boyfriend went missing during their stay. When I looked into it, I couldn’t find Jimmy Walders or any evidence that he’d ever existed. Could have been a screen handle, I know, but his entire web presence was just wiped out in seconds.” He looks up at them both. “I thought it was worth checking out, but obviously it’s got to be an inside job and very carefully done. You’d have to really sell them on being a couple with problems.” Lestrade aims a grin at John. “I mean, surely you’ve got grist, what with living with him.”
“Sorry,” John murmurs, putting his hands in Sherlock’s hair and kissing his forehead. “It’s so hard to resist, now that we’re… here. I know we have to focus, though. Case first.”
John gives Sherlock a quick glance with a slight shrug, as though to say,
John nods. “Yeah.”
“Sorry,” he says again, feeling genuine remorse this time. “I – yeah, I’ll do better. Sorry.”
“I don’t know,” Sherlock says, surreptitiously watching John lick the bacon grease off his fingers and trying not to be distracted by it. “Perhaps we should go down to the beach, just in case anything else has washed up.”
“We’ll wait,” Sherlock says briefly, so she stoops down and pulls out a laptop, opening it on her display table and clicking into her files.
Sherlock surveys him. “Not what?” he asks. “Feel an attraction?”
He leaves and Vee busies herself with finishing off the salad and trying not to fret about her younger son. The almonds get tossed briskly and she composes a vinaigrette to go onto it at the last second, so that the spinach won’t get soggy. The lamb is nearly finished roasting, the potatoes soft on the inside and crispy on the outside: perfect.
looking. It’s not as though you – ” He stops again, then shakes his head. “Never mind. Never bloody mind.” He turns and strides off again, not waiting for Sherlock.
After a long while, Sherlock pulls back a little and looks down at the mess on and between them. “We’re unbearably filthy.”
John reaches them and Lestrade steps back to let him peer into the car, Sherlock passing him a pair of gloves. John takes them, already cataloguing his own observations at first glance. An unremarkable, middle-aged man is sat in the driver’s seat, his hands still on the wheel, eyes and mouth closed. There are no outward signs of damage whatsoever, no obvious wounds, blood, defensive markings – nothing obvious at all, in fact. He bends forward and sniffs at the man’s mouth, but he doesn’t smell anything. He pries an eyelid open and checks for petechial hemorrhaging, but that’s fine, too. Hmm. He decides to check the airway and makes to pry the victim’s mouth open. It won’t move. John frowns and pulls harder. His fingers leave an imprint on the man’s skin, but his jaw won’t budge. “Well, this is odd,” John comments. Experimentally, he pulls off a glove and touches the victim’s cheek. It’s cold as ice. That explains it. John straightens up, careful to avoid bashing his head on the roof of the car as he does so, and turns to Sherlock and Lestrade. “He’s frozen,” he states.
I nod quickly, trying not to misstep. “Right. Got it.”
Mycroft has the grace to look slightly abashed. “Indeed,” he says to the butter. He ducks his head. “It’s been in operation since about five months ago.”
Sherlock swallows, his long throat moving. His fingers are tight in John’s. “It’s logical,” he says, his voice as tight as his fingers. “You’re really using your mind for this. It’s admirable. But – it hurts. I love her, too.”
“Likewise,” Sherlock says, wondering how it’s so easy for John to just say these things and whether he’ll ever be able to be as free.
Sherlock studies him for a moment, then kisses him. The kiss goes on longer than what he obviously first intended, but neither of them is protesting. John sets down the forks Sherlock didn’t take from him and gets his arms around Sherlock’s back properly. Sherlock’s got him pinned up again the cupboards and John can feel himself responding physically already. There’s something about Sherlock’s tall, lanky form, his hips trapping John against the counter like this that pushes interesting buttons for him. In fact, he’d be hard-pressed to say which of them was leading and which was following, but maybe it’s not as simple a question as that. Sherlock lifts off, studying him as his fingers deftly slip the button out of John’s jeans, then insert themselves dexterously directly into John’s underwear to stroke him in a grip firm enough to make John’s knees just about give way.
He feels John’s pleased laugh, low against his throat. “Found it, did I?” he asks rhetorically; Sherlock is almost writhing, caught between the sensation of John’s finger tip pressing into his prostate and the rub of John’s penis against his own.
He plucks the small hanger from the rack and hands it to me. I let go of his hand and examine the label. It’s a Fleur du Mal bra, a hefty £160 and proclaims itself to be a triangle bra, whatever that might be. “Where?”
The crinkle at the bridge of his nose has appeared, I see as I chance a look at him after this garbled paragraph as he tried to follow what I’m saying. Then his brow clears as understanding dawns. “Oh,” he says. He swallows visibly, then adds vanilla to his batter with an air of studious concentration and clears his throat. “When it comes to you, there isn’t much that I’m not interested in, or willing to try. That is… I would do anything with, or for you. Are you ready to start on the eggs? If so, I’ll get the waffles going.”
John nods. “As for being poisoned… as long as we stick to the buffet, we should be all right. Everything that the victims ate was served to them individually at the final banquet, when Andrea could have personalised her touches to their meals. We’ll just be smart about this.”
pop the way John’s always secretly loved. “No debate about it. Not that I’ve much to compare it to in terms of living, breathing bodies, but – I’m quite certain.” He bends his curly head to it, inhaling, then running his nose from John’s balls to the head of his cock, which makes John shiver, and then Sherlock applies his tongue and he exhales louder than he meant to. Sherlock’s eyes flick instantly up to his, still licking at his head as though it’s a sweet, but there’s question in his eyes.
“I can, if you like,” Sherlock says. He was waiting for this precise opportunity.
Sherlock snorts. “Mine, too,” he admits. Just then, there’s a slight commotion inside the pub and they both snap to attention. Twenty seconds later, the back door comes flying open and Blahnik bolts into the alley, stopping short only as he sees them.
Sherlock clears his throat carefully. “What makes anyone think there’s a front involved?” he asks, steering the discussion away from the topic of he and John as a couple, or perceived one, and peripherally he sees John relax slightly.
“Wait until we solve the case,” Sherlock says. “Then we’ll deserve it.”
“I’m not ruling anything out. Get us the info. We’ll be inside, meanwhile. Come on, John.” Sherlock waits for him, which is a more recent courtesy, then strides off in the direction of the house, John right in sync beside him.
John’s throat grows tight. “Well then, steel yourself, because I’m never going back to Mary’s flat again. I need to be with you, and I’m not giving this up for anything. As for changing my mind, there’s no chance whatsoever. I know it took me forever to get here, but I’m here now and I’m not going back on that, either. I love you and you’re stuck with me, okay?”
“Yeah, but that doesn’t start until the evening,” Andrew says. “There are still workshops and discussions in the morning. We’re going to a workshop on the specifics of British law and same sex adoption.”
John doesn’t believe it for a second and stays right beside him, his presence alone a stabilising influence. “I’m taking him home now,” he tells the receptionist. “If you need me urgently, give me a call. Otherwise, I’m sure Doctor Ellis can handle it. She’s very good.”
“Yeah, like that,” John says again. “And you can go harder, if you – oh Jesus, fuck, yes! God!”
Sherlock’s eyes take on a look of fierce triumph. “You have me,” he swears. “Forever, John. I promise.”
John nods. “I’m sorry,” he says, his voice and arms both tight. “I didn’t mean to make you worry so much. Or make you think that I don’t want this. I do, Sherlock. And I do love you. I mean that.”
Sherlock grasps his upper arms, fingers digging into his triceps. “Extremely,” he gets out, then – “Please, John!”
“And you’re my – you,” he says, lightly enough, and signals for the bill. Then, before things can get too odd, he adds, “My blogger. My best friend. Can’t do without you. Sorry.”
Sherlock fixes his gaze on Mary. “I gave you a chance,” he says, meaning it. “I gave you a chance to be a good partner to John. You lied to him, belittled him, and cheated on him. You tried to kill me. Even after I offered you my help, you shot me in the heart. I dealt with Magnussen for you – for John’s sake, but you certainly received the benefit from it – and yet you did the same thing the next time you got into trouble, drugged me and ran off, leaving John and Rosie behind the minute things looked ugly.”
Sherlock shrugs. “Lunch, I thought. It’s about that time. Can’t be starving you, after all. Plus I’m waiting for Mycroft to get back to us about any Peter Smiths who work for the Yard who have changed their names within the past few years. We’ve checked on all of the other known Russians in the region and they’ve all checked out so far.”
John’s mouth purses. “But?” he prompts. When she hesitates, he says, a bit shortly, “Come on, you can say it. I’ve suspected you had something to say to me since we arrived. I’d rather just have it out and be done with it.”
“John – ” Sherlock can hear himself pleading. “Please – let me explain. Let me start with that day at Bart’s Hospital. I need you to understand, at last. Would you… would you let me tell you what happened that day? I just – I feel that too many years have gone by without us understanding one another. Without really communicating properly. I’d like that to change, starting now. There’s been too much left unsaid, and it’s made everything worse. I’ve had a hand in everything that’s brought you to this, and I want to… to do better. If you’ll let me. I don’t want there to be any more secrets, any more lies.”
“Todd doesn’t divulge what goes on in those,” Lucas says, frowning. “He takes client confidentiality extremely seriously, as he should.” He gazes at Sherlock a moment longer, then says, “Mr Holmes, I’ll be frank with you. From time to time, we get a couple in here with issues beyond our ability to repair within the week to three weeks that most people stay with us. Sometimes those problems become so fraught that we’re unable to persuade the couple in question to stick out the time they committed to. One or both men leave partway through the week. We’ve had a disappearance of this nature this week, from your own group. I’m sure you’ve noticed by now: Jeremy Davidson and Scott Murray. Jeremy left first, then – presumably because of that – Scott went the next day. Neither one checked out, though their belongings are gone. What do you know about this?”
“Turkey,” Sherlock says, his eyes on his wrists. He turns his palms away from each other as though in active reminder that they aren’t bound. “Near Kümbet, I think.” He shakes his head. “I don’t know why
Sherlock waits until they’re outside to lean into him, his arm coming around John’s back in turn for the briefest of moments before letting go. “You didn’t have to let on,” he says, his gaze directed straight ahead rather than at John.
“’S fine,” John mumbles, rubbing his eyes and yawning. “I’m hungry anyway. What time is it?”
“Interesting,” Harry says coolly. “And he’s quite famous, I hear.”
Sherlock swallows and looks him unblinkingly in the eye. “I didn’t until I met you.”
on him!) We’re forced to let go briefly so that Sherlock can put some pears into a bag, but then I’m there ahead of him when it comes time to pay, holding out a ten-pound note to the merchant. I take my change, Sherlock takes the pears in his right hand and reaches for my right with his left, slipping all five fingers into mine this time. Overtly.
“Knightsbridge. A tiny little street called Trevor Square,” Sherlock says, and as usual I don’t ask how the hell he knows the name of every back alley of London.
John keeps his cool admirably. “I have, yes,” he says briefly. “I’ve not had a single episode of drinking since that time. I’ve been going to meetings. Sherlock’s been coming with me. I would also just like to add that I don’t think that the underlying problem was alcohol in the first place; it was the emotional stuff I was going through. The drinking was just… a feature of my inability to deal with it. I’m not saying it wasn’t a problem, because it was, obviously. But the better question might be to ask about the state of my mental and emotional health. Which I’ll just go ahead and tell you is also fine.”
He moves a bit closer but doesn’t reach for Sherlock. “Sleeping on your back tonight?” he asks, trying hard to keep his tone light.
Sherlock smiles. “No. I’d already decided to do my utmost to talk you into making my bedroom your bedroom for the foreseeable future, as of tonight.”
I meant every word of what I just said out there, about being more than content to let him be the one to top if that’s what he wants or needs. Forever. It felt absolutely incredible the other day in the kitchen. I was a little sore after, so we haven’t done it again since then, but there’s no doubt whatsoever about my desire to. I still want to, even now. But this – Sherlock deciding that he needs to open that last chamber of himself to me, asking me to take him like this – it’s so fucking special that I’m fucking drowning in emotion. Every touch I make is practically worship, my hands stroking over his skin in my very best effort to show him how incredibly precious he is to me, how much I love him with every cell of my being, body and mind and soul. It is, in every single way, the opposite of that awful day at Culverton Smith’s morgue. Somehow, this time, it feels like these touches are directly undoing those ones, if such a thing could ever be made to happen. I touch him and stroke his skin and caress him, kissing him all the while, then releasing his mouth to let my tongue and lips travel over every inch of his body. I leave nothing neglected – I lick and kiss the angles of his chest and shoulders, bury my nose in the fine hair under his arms and drink in the scent of him. My hands are leaving prints all over him, evidence of my love for him for any forensics agent to find and use as proof. He would like that, I think dizzily, kissing his lithely-muscled belly, my tongue dipping into the perfect hollow of his navel.
The thumping from upstairs means that John is working out. Rosie is with Molly, one of the last people outside their household bubble that John still entrusts with the care of his child from time to time, and then only because Molly entreated him. Since Molly’s social life was limited to begin with (“tactless”, John would point out, though he knows it’s true) and most of her work requires a high level of sanitisation and entails more contact with the deceased than the living, this seemed cautiously acceptable when they discussed it, though Sherlock was surprised that John asked his opinion about it at all.
Molly can hardly believe what she’s hearing. “Then who – ”
“And staying over,” Sherlock says, blinking rapidly. “I. Um. I’ve – agreed. But…”
. Only I never did, John thinks, trudging along. He never stopped futilely feeling what he’s felt all along and never fully let himself acknowledge. Moving on was never a possibility. There was only doing his best to ignore it and trying to settle for whatever
“If I tell you it would make me feel better, would you let me?” John counters, and Sherlock gives in.
I meet Sherlock’s eyes. “Strangled,” I say, and he nods and turns to Lestrade.
John looks at him, wishing this could all just stay in the past. They’re in such a good place now. But it has to be dealt with. He drags his eyes back to Mycroft. “And you think that Mary might have used it on me at some point?”
John feels his heart lift. Sherlock’s eggs benedict are legendary, or would be if anyone in the world had even eaten them besides himself. He feels a stab of jealousy as he wonders if Sherlock will make them for Corey one of these days. “Okay,” he says, his voice sticking in his throat. “I’ll be right back, then. I’ll hurry.”
“It won’t happen again,” John vows, in mock seriousness. His hands move from Sherlock’s back down to his arse, which produces an immediate twinge of interest from Sherlock’s body. “Seriously, Sherlock. Your arse in particular.”
done this before?”
John speeds through getting dressed and shaved, and is at the lifts and waiting when Sherlock comes out of his room. They stand there together, watching the numbers change on the panel. “This is already torturous,” John says conversationally, albeit under his breath.
Rosie more or less ignores this, but John smiles at him. “Let’s get you fed,” he says to his daughter, so Sherlock goes to find his laptop and busies himself.
“Brilliant,” John says, and Sherlock smiles, not looking at him.
“He’s all but living here already,” Sherlock says, trying not to grumble. “It would be easier if he just brought his clothes and Rosie’s things here.”
“Okay,” John says, hearing his own dubiousness, but he does trust Sherlock. “What are you…?”
John feels sick. He’s hungry, having missed breakfast, but he can’t swallow past the tightness in his throat. “Oh God,” he says inadequately.
John tips his head back and looks up at him. “How can you possibly forgive me?” he asks starkly.
“My wife, Gita,” Bob says, indicating her.
John mumbles something along the lines of “It’s fine,” and does the same.
John had paused, holding Sherlock’s well-thumbed copy of
“So do I.” John comes over and puts Rosie down in the carrier, which makes her fuss all the more. “Shh, you’re all right,” he tells her, hoping it will work. It doesn’t. He grabs at his coat and jams his feet into his shoes at the same time. “Let’s go,” he says to Sherlock, picking his now-wailing daughter up.
Kimberly crosses her arms. “I’m calling your bluff, too,” she says. “You’re just posing. You’re here investigating a case. You’re not really a couple at all.”
it been? An hour? More? He has no idea.
John reaches up to cradle Sherlock’s face in both hands. “I love you,” he says, his voice soft, yet very firm. “You – this – it’s everything to me. I’ve been putting other things, other people ahead of you for a long time now and I’m never going to again. That’s a promise. No matter what it takes. We’re in this together, so stop feeling like you’ve got to take yourself and what you want out of the equation just because it’s my child. This is
Sherlock exhales hard. “No, I don’t think that’s accurate,” he says stiffly, after a moment. “It’s far more likely to be that I…”
They drive to all of the sighting locations, or as near as the reports could place them. The only thing the reports have in common are that many claimed to have seen two brief flashes of light, sometimes repeated at ten-second intervals for up to three or four minutes. Other reports only cite one or sets of flashing lights, but the two flashes in sequential repetition is consistent. John reads the reports aloud as Sherlock drives, though he read them himself the previous night. The only commonality between each location of that they’re invariably located on isolated country roads much like the one their tiny cottage is on, and one road located directly on the coast.
Perhaps this is the opportunity, then: the one he really didn’t think he would get. Mycroft takes a deep breath, then makes himself look up at Sherlock. “I’m sorry,” he says, and if it comes out rather quietly, at least it’s firm. “Truly, Sherlock.”
We set out for the tea shop a little later and, while surreptitiously investigating the scene, have ourselves a rather lovely afternoon tea. We order a pot of the Royal Earl Grey and they bring us a tiered tray of finger sandwiches and plain and fruit scones with clotted cream and jam. It’s been awhile since I’ve had a tea like this, though Mrs Hudson very occasionally takes it into her head to make one and invites us down for it.
Sherlock’s fingers are dangling loosely, John notes, though it doesn’t help the turmoil in his gut. Sherlock looks back over his shoulder at him. “Tomorrow?” he says.
Sherlock nods. “Hurry,” is all he says, and then he’s gone, down the stairs and out the front door in seconds.
“You’re welcome,” Sherlock says primly, and feels as though his attempt rather failed to make the impression he was hoping for. He means to say that John is his only priority, that nothing else matters the way John matters. Perhaps there is only so far he will ever be able to get, that John will ever permit him. There was never any trust on John’s side, and Sherlock gave him a wealth of reasons to never allow it to build. Perhaps this is as good as it will ever be.
Richard clears his throat and begins to read it out. “In the presence of this group of individuals, I, Richard Krenek, do solemnly swear that I believe in traditional marriage and family values. I reject homosexuality in any and every form. I swear before these witnesses that I will never touch another man in an act of romantic love, which I acknowledge to be a self-delusion, or a sexual act in any form. I vow that I will never kiss another man, share a hug that exceeds appropriate limits, or any other similar act such as these. I do hereby state with utmost conviction that these acts are an abomination and active betrayal of the created order and of human biology, and I, Richard Krenek, make before this group my solemn declaration of my fervent rejection thereof. I furthermore commit myself to the active pursuit of a traditional marriage to an appropriate female partner as my personal testament and commitment to these values.”
. The word nettles, a bit. It’s true that they’re a household, a domestic group. But they’re not quite a
John is lying on the sofa with his back to the door, his arms and legs drawn close to himself. He looks small and utterly vulnerable, his hair sticking out in all directions, and Sherlock’s heart gives a painful twist. John does not move or react to Sherlock’s presence in any way. “Hello John,” Sherlock says quietly.
“I was in a snit of jealousy over bloody Greg,” he confesses. “It sounds so stupid when I say it out loud, but there it is. I’m sorry. I’ll work on that, too.”
John more or less tunes this part out. The lady at the microphone blathers on and on about the different workshops and exhibits, introduces some of the exhibitors, then walks them through Chilton College’s amenities, then finally announces dinner and explains how the buffet functions, then calls out which table numbers get to start. Table sixteen hasn’t been called, so John leans back in his chair and crosses his arms. “I suppose they’re doing this like a wedding reception would,” he says to Sherlock, who nods.
Sherlock nods. “He’s found a place he wants to try. I’ve never been there. Could be interesting.”
“I wondered, myself,” John says, with a sigh. “Especially the one I got after all the business with Eurus was over. If it had got lost in the post or something – but she’d been dead for two months by that point.”
“We’re going to be incredibly full if we get all that,” John points out, noticing to himself that he does it, too, constantly calls them a
“You putting the kettle on?” John asks, his voice slightly unfocused in a way Sherlock dislikes.
“Yes, I did, actually,” Sherlock says. “Good, I wanted to try that, too. The shrimp gyoza, of course. That goes without saying. Avocado roll?”
“Not particularly,” John says, which was what Sherlock would have said, himself. “And as to the parachute itself, the saltwater would have washed off any prints there. And even if we got a positive match, it still wouldn’t tell us anything about the woman except that she and the parachute arrived together.”
“True. Quite true.” Sherlock looks out the window musingly. “Mycroft was, infuriatingly, right: I can’t find a single connection between the victims. I looked at the type of conferences they attended. Nothing. I looked at their backgrounds, home cities, relationships, ages, genders… nothing.”
“Hi,” Molly says softly.
“Always,” he vows. “I’ll be right there with you, every step of the way.”
“Bullshit,” Greg says easily. “Give us a kiss and we’ll take your word for it. If you’re really engaged, it shouldn’t be so hard, anyway.”
John’s mouth falls open. “
John agrees and hastens across the street with him to enter the circle. It’s much nicer than a mere traffic circle, he realises immediately. There’s a statue in the middle, elevated by a large plinth that people are clustered onto in groups. Around that is a circle of benches surrounded by an even wider circle of fountains between the benches and the traffic swirling around the circle, the sound of which is muted by the flowing water. It’s actually quite beautiful, he decides, even as he turns his attention to the pita. It’s hot, delicious, and quite filling despite only being half of the thing. They eat bent over to let the drips fall onto the pavement rather than their trousers, then lick their fingers and wipe them with most of the stack of serviettes. “That was a great idea,” John says, not filtering his admiration, and Sherlock smiles modestly.
John nods almost automatically. “Sure, if you’d like,” he says. “Haven’t got anything on? I mean, we’ve finished the case…”
“I suppose I should.” But Sherlock kisses him again, their lips closed this time, and that leads to another, then another after that, John’s arms getting themselves around Sherlock’s back again. The timer starts beeping in double time and Sherlock pulls away with reluctance and sighs. “Bloody nuisance. Can’t go burning Mrs Hudson’s birthday cake to a crisp, though.”
“Fine,” Molly says, not elaborating. “How are you?”
John draws his Sig and points it in the man’s face. “Tell me. Now.”
. Rosie is in her high chair with a book, her stuffed duck, and four or five plastic blocks all scattered over the tray. She’s currently pushing at the blocks and making sounds to herself and seems quite content. John feels wrongfooted, like he’s missed a step somewhere.
John doesn’t hesitate, kissing him with strength, and the feel of his body, warm along the length of Sherlock’s, is dizzying. They’re both pressed together, John making small sounds in his throat, both of them breathing heavily. Sherlock hooks a leg around John’s for better leverage, and discovers in the process that John is as hard as he is. The knowledge goes directly into his penis, stiffening it further still. John is touching his back, rubbing over it, and suddenly he stills, lifting his mouth from Sherlock’s. Horrified realisation comes over his face. “Your scars,” he says, his voice unsteady. “I can feel them. Sherlock – ”
Sherlock glances at him but doesn’t say anything, stretching out his fingers and looking at them as though examining his nails.
John raises his face, still flushed and a bit sweaty, his hair sticking out this way and that. “Not – practical, er, experience, then?”
Sherlock swallows, too, then says, quietly, “I was hunting down Moriarty’s network. It led to other networks. I was in Europe and many parts of Asia. I was alone. I was captured three different times. I would have been killed in the last instance had Mycroft not finally intervened.”
“You needn’t look so pleased about it,” John reminds him, but the corners of his mouth are tugging into a smile in spite of himself.
John sits up, untangling his feet and swinging his legs down over the side of the bed. He rubs his eyes and pinches the bridge of his nose, smacking his dry mouth a few times. Clarity does not come. His phone doesn’t seem to be anywhere… he gets up and finally locates it in the pocket of his suit trousers, inside out on the floor near the door. He shakes them out and hangs them over the back of his chair at the table in the corner, then checks his phone. There’s nothing from Sherlock. He plugs it in to charge and stumbles into the loo for a long, hot shower and several paracetamol tablets, washed down by a tall glass of cold water that he drinks in the shower.
They collect themselves after awhile and take a shower together, which is new territory for Sherlock and makes it feel new for John by extension. They giggle a bit and wash each other, and it’s playful and intimate and a bit silly without becoming overtly sexual. After, Sherlock reluctantly says that he’s going to his own room to put on some different clothes. “Sit with me at breakfast today,” John says spontaneously, just as Sherlock is about to go. Sherlock hesitates, considering it, so John adds, “It’s the last day. They already know we’re travelling together. It would make sense, after several days of publicly avoiding one another, don’t you think?”
Mycroft shrugs minutely, defensively. “Probably not. I was, as I said the other day, trying to be kind.” He meets her eyes. “You were hardly in a condition to handle the truth, back when it all happened,” he says, a bit delicately.
Phil makes brief introductions, then says, “When we do the ham/roast beef dinner, you do chocolate mousse torte and the mango white chocolate cheesecake. When do you make those, and do they get frozen at any point?” He turns to John, nodding toward his notebook, adding, “Jenny pretty much operates on her own schedule and we don’t always know when or where she’s working unless she’s cordoned off a section of the fridge or freezer.”
John smiles again, a predatory light coming into his eyes. “Just kiss me?” he asks, his hand sliding lower to squeeze Sherlock’s arse cheek.
His voice is muffled but John understands immediately: it’s the fear of the nightmares. “I get it,” he says. “Often, though, being awake for a bit can – reset things, sort of. I mean – I can’t guarantee that it won’t happen again, but…”
“You tell us,” John retorts. “Let’s not play games here. You know very well that you’re in the wrong on multiple counts. You owe us both the truth, at the very least!”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “Should we – ”
They end up not attending any of the morning’s workshops. Instead, they spend it on headsets on their laptops, listening in as Interpol sends a squadron of soldiers into a compound in the neighbouring village of Pusztazamor. The traffickers are caught, cuffed, and loaded into Interpol’s helicopters. The entire operation takes nearly two hours. When Interpol shuts off their end of the communication, Mycroft comes back on the line.
Mary shrugs, looking away. “I don’t want to talk about either of them,” she says. “I keep it together pretty well most of the time, but having this baby on my own and John not even talking to me… it’s hard. It’s really hard.”
In the morning, Sherlock is still there when he wakes and John is still holding him. They wake more or less at the same time, John withdrawing his arm and trying not to be too awkward about it, but Sherlock doesn’t acknowledge it, anyway. He’s just – neutral. Fine, but rather acting like nothing unusual has happened.
“And I’ll – just – ask, and try not to be a prick all the time,” John says.
“Okay!” John understands and grips Sherlock’s hips again, pounding into him, and Sherlock grabs at his penis and jerks it unrestrainedly, hard enough to give himself friction burns were it not for the lubricant easing the way. John plunges deeper and deeper into him, all caution gone now. They’re both panting and moaning and swearing and then Sherlock is flying, the pleasure spiking sharply and suspending his breath. Light explodes behind his retinas and his back stiffens, his erection jerking in his own hand, John’s hand closing around his, then reaching back to cup at his quivering testicles as they unleash stream after stream of release. The pleasure is so thick it could choke him, drowning him as he shakes through the orgasm, electricity wracking his entire frame as his penis erupts uncontrollably.
“Of course,” Sherlock says. He smiles. “I rather like the thought of you wearing my underwear, if you want to know.”
John coughs. “Yeah. That’s – yeah.”
His tone is normal, but the instant they’re not talking about the case, he’s back to that careful politeness and evading John’s gaze. “Sure,” John says. He finishes off the small cup and sets it down. “But the chef – do you really think she’s a murderer, Sherlock?”
Sherlock nods and gives him a small, relieved smile. “Okay. Thank you,” he says. “The coffee’s brewing. Take your time, though. I’m making a frittata. It will take a bit.”
“I’ve – got to,” John pants. “At the hospital – that day – I – and when I – don’t deserve you, after – ” He stops, pain coming out in a groan as Sherlock lowers him onto his own bed, the closest one to the door.
He’s breathless, panting, relishing every one of John’s thrusts pounding into him and wanting more still. His penis is dripping onto the sheets, needing as fiercely as the rest of him, but – “More, John – harder, please – ”
“Today is the day,” John pants, shifting his weight to touch Sherlock’s forehead. “This is the day I’m going to marry you!”
“Great, thanks!” John hangs up.
“I worried a bit, earlier,” Sherlock says, directing his words between John’s legs rather than at his face. “I wondered if you might find it disgusting, doing this.”
“No, not now,” Sherlock says, still focused on the screen. “And thank you, but I’ll be fine. You should get some sleep.”
“Ah, you’re just jealous,” Greg teases him. “There’s plenty to go round, Jim, don’t you worry. C’mon, give us a pucker, there!”
John circles his finger forward in the air. “Keep going.” He’ll ask about the sleeping part after. “What happened?”
John nods. “No rush. Just if you’re done.”
This hits closer and John winces and looks away. “We’re friends,” he says, the words only just clearing a whisper. “Best friends.”
John does not remove his arm. “Sometimes we have a little trouble telling the difference between sincerity and flirtation,” he says dryly, though his hand pats Sherlock’s back at the same time, as though secretly trying to reassure him about the playful nature of his teasing at the same time.
“No,” he says. “I still need someone on the ground there. See if you can get into any of the offices. Tomorrow, when it’s light, look for a possible method of egress. They wouldn’t have removed Davidson through the main doors.”
John smiles at him. “Definitely,” he says, heading into the bathroom.
Sherlock doesn’t bother answering him, though, tying his robe on tightly, shoving his feet back into his sandals, John scrambling to keep up, practically falling out of his own as he hurries after Sherlock. The corridor floods with people just as they pass the auditorium where dinner and the fashion show were taking place, so a swarm of them join them in the lift on their way up and John clamps his jaw shut with frustration. The crowd’s got him pressed up against Sherlock’s arm, tightly enough that he can feel Sherlock’s pulse through his sleeve, and it’s elevated.
Somehow it isn’t even a relief to have John finally say it out loud. The extreme lateness of it just stings all the more. “I wondered when you going to tell me,” Sherlock says, managing to keep his voice even. He keeps his eyes on the contents of the pan, not seeing it. What’s of utmost importance right now is to not seem upset. That would give away his feelings entirely. “What time are you going?”
,” Sherlock grits out, and Mycroft doesn’t contradict him. He lowers the gun and shakes his head, allowing every bit of contempt and loathing for the man sitting in front of him overtake his features. “
He’s through the revolving doors and free at last, free to go and find Sherlock and let himself say and do everything he’s had to suppress all this time. The heat hits him like a wave the instant he’s on the pavement, and that feels like freedom, too: he’s finally out of the stiflingly climate-controlled environment of the conference. The contrast couldn’t be more extreme – the hotel is beige and artificially cold, filled with people who are as similar to one another as they could possibly be. Bland food, weak coffee. Outside, there are people from every possible corner of the globe, spicy street foods sizzling, various languages being spoken all around him, and the heat soaking into his skin. The streets are teeming with life, with tourists queuing for plays and shows, for bus tours and boat tours and who knows what else. The restaurants are full, window-side tables practically bulging out the walls. People are ducking and weaving on every side of John, but he’s blind to it all, the only thought in his mind to get to Sherlock as fast as he possibly can. He’s not sprinting, not exactly, but he’s power walking, cutting through the crowds around him with something that’s halfway between impatience and giddy anticipation. He’s on Broadway, as instructed, and wonders whether Sherlock is currently speeding up Eighth or Seventh, parallel to him and feeling the same way, his heart racing. Or maybe he’s already there. John didn’t see him leave the dining room, has no idea when he planned this. Obviously he felt like he just couldn’t wait any longer, either, and knew that John would understand his joking reference to the statue.
“Thoughtful,” Sherlock says, leaning over to kiss him. “This looks delicious.” It does: Mrs Hudson has made them waffles and crepes, the latter served rolled up with chocolate spread and strawberries inside, and there’s a dish of cut strawberries and a bowl of whipped cream for the waffles. There’s also a pot of tea and two cups, so John pours and sets the teapot itself on the night table for stability’s sake.
John looks at him for a long minute, then feels the smile welling up from his very bones, threatening to break his face open. “Yeah,” he agrees, trying to make his voice function. “The rest of our life. I’m in.”
“It was incredibly detailed,” John says, cutting a small potato in two. “It seems that all they do there is test for this kind of thing. The entire place is very specialised.”
Ella nods. “So when he left, it felt like he was denying you even that much. That’s understandable. That said, sometimes people need space to process their feelings. Space, and privacy. It doesn’t necessarily mean that they can’t ever give the thing they’re being asked for, but sometimes it’s just a question of timing.”
Sherlock catches Mycroft’s eye as they pass him. “She’s all yours, brother mine,” he says.
“Well, I thought we’d decide together,” Sherlock says, raking his fingers through his curls. “It depends on how hungry you are.”
John feels his throat grow tight. He searches Sherlock’s face for any doubt. “That’s all I want,” he says, the words somehow getting themselves past the tightness. “I just want to be wherever you are, too.”
The food comes forty minutes later, piping hot and delicious. The chicken shish taouk is tender and perfectly spiced, sitting on a bed of fragrant rice next to the lamb/beef shawarma that John loves, a heap of crisply-roasted potatoes alongside, with chickpea and tabouleh salads in their own containers. There’s also hummus and garlic mayo and pita, and it all smells and looks mouth-wateringly good. They arrange it all on plates and eat together at the table, the fire that John built crackling in the fireplace. Afterwards, they retire to their chairs with their books, though Sherlock finds it difficult to concentrate, particularly given that John is wearing his glasses without even having been prompted by him. He’s wearing his own, new frames and catches John glancing over at him more than once.
Sherlock glances at John, then says, “It’s in connection with a human sex trafficking ring based out of eastern Europe.”
“Of course,” Mrs Hudson says, and abandons the subject. “Well. I’ll just be off, then. I’m going out for sushi with Mrs Turner. She’s never tried it before. Fancy that! Seventy-three years old and she’s never tried sushi!” She giggles delightedly and makes for the door.
John glances at him, then goes for the milk. “It wasn’t, exactly. I was more thinking about me. I really let you down, there. After Mary.” It’s easier to say it with his back to Sherlock. He takes the milk he just bought out of the fridge and turns around to meet Sherlock’s eyes squarely. Sherlock is watching him, an air of wary alertness about him.
John’s hesitation is palpable. “Do you want me to… ?”
He doesn’t confess to the murders. Not right away. What he does tell us about is his ongoing affair with Kendall Alloway, who had apparently promised to leave his wife for him. Who’d insisted that everything was over between himself and Saffron, that their marriage was little more than a business agreement by that point.
“Well, nothing without discussing it first, obviously,” Sherlock says, frowning a little. “She is your daughter, after all. I was thinking of something along the lines of bulking up Baker Street’s security rather significantly. Cameras, motion sensors, all the rest of it. I also thought of possibly installing a live-in nanny, pending your thoughts on the subject.”
Sherlock smiles to himself, looking at the coffee maker. “I feel the same way.”
didn’t know it was you all along, that would have just been a bonus to him – and then abducted you again and forced you into that bomb jacket. He said it more than once – called you my ‘pet’, implied your importance to me, said he would ‘burn the heart out of me’. How else could he have meant to make me suffer, other than force me to watch as he made people I care about suffer in front of me? You saw how he delighted in my reaction at seeing his sniper’s rifle sights on your forehead. The fact that I didn’t predict it as his most obvious move is unforgiveable!”
Mrs Hudson’s mouth falls open. “What!” She looks at Sherlock as though for confirmation, like she doesn’t believe John. “Is he serious?” she demands.
He can hear Sherlock moving around in the flat even as he races up the stairs, and Sherlock hears him, too, appearing in the doorway as John reaches the top of the stairs. “John!” he says, but it’s all he gets the chance to say before John puts his mouth on Sherlock’s, backing him into doorframe and snogging him senseless. It goes on for several very good minutes, hands all over each other in spite of the box John’s still clutching. “Goodness,” Sherlock says breathlessly, a few minutes later. “What brought that on? Where did you go?”
“There are rules?” John asks, and misses as Lestrade chucks the candy at his chest. Sherlock briefly imagines bending over him to eat it directly off his jumper, but refrains. John’s small hand finds the candy and puts it absently into his mouth, and Sherlock realises he is staring, watching John chew. Abashed, he reaches for his beer and takes a long sip.
He has no choice but to go to John, who draws him gently into his arms, there in their private corner, all of London surrounding them, and kisses him. The kiss is exquisite, John’s lips warm and soft and firm in equal measure, his hands on Sherlock’s waist as Sherlock holds onto John’s shoulders, and then his arms come fully around Sherlock’s back and Sherlock gives in and wraps his own around John’s shoulders and gives himself entirely over to the kiss. Dizzy euphoria swirls around him, warmth pervading his senses.
John touches a finger to the back of Sherlock’s hand, trying to convey his affection for him over this as he processes this. After a moment or two he says, “Actually, I don’t mind. That’s the truth. I didn’t mind admitting it just now. I’m – proud of it, if you want to know.”
“I think these things are really more for the Justin/Thoms of this group,” John grumbles, holding his robe around himself. “I’ve never felt older or less fit.”
“That’s perfect,” Sherlock says. “Thank you. And could we have a bottle of sauvignon blanc in the jacuzzi?”
John thinks for a second of saying that he’s literally in bed with Sherlock, holding him in the aftermath of a dream, and even if it’s not like
John’s head turns toward Sherlock a little at this, but not far enough to look at him. His profile is wary. “I don’t know that I particularly need to live through that day again,” he says, his voice dry. “But in light of what I’ve done to you, I don’t know that I have any right to refuse anything you want to say to me now.”
Donovan snorts from her spot in the corner. “Well, given that – ”
He breaks off the kiss. “Pass me the oil,” he requests, and Sherlock reaches for it and gives it to him, and John kisses him again. “Now turn that way and lean over your table, there. Yeah, like that,” he says, as Sherlock braces himself on his palms, bending forward. John steps up close behind him and runs his oiled fingers back from Sherlock’s perineum to the entrance to his body, which makes his head drop forward, panting shallowly. John isn’t wasting any time about this. He’s still a little bit open from last night, but John is gentle, rubbing and massaging at his hole with the fingers of his right hand, slowly stroking Sherlock’s erection with his left. His own erection is pushed up against Sherlock’s hip, and that’s a stimulus, too, being able to actively feel how turned on John is by doing this.
Sherlock laughs as though this is very funny, though John can hear that there isn’t a trace of real mirth to it. “Good,” he says.
Sherlock blinks and doesn’t speak. For a long time he debates internally, wondering what to say, what the point of this even is.
“I know,” Sherlock interrupts. “Molly: I am aware. That wasn’t a critique. Just information. I went over a day or two later and found him hungover, but sober. That was the last time. He’s been clean ever since.” He pauses. “And so have I,” he adds. “We’ve been – supporting one another by going to these meetings together, but it hasn’t been a problem at all. Please be assured on that point.”
“Yes, well, if there is a God, only he
Sherlock catches the spirit immediately, picking it up even as the father appears, startled by their voices and frowning at them. Sherlock ignores the father as though he hasn’t noticed him there. “There
Mary nuzzles her nose into Molly’s neck and slips her hands under Molly’s arms and onto her breasts, both of them this time, her lips warm on Molly’s neck as she hums her agreement. “Why not?” she asks as Molly sucks in breath at the touch. “God only knows what John and Sherlock are getting up to behind our backs. Why shouldn’t we have a little fun while they’re ignoring us, hmm?” She presses another kiss to Molly’s neck. “Does this feel good?”
Sherlock’s chin jerks in a nod. “Very much so,” he confirms, his voice shaking.
Mary lifts up her shirt to show her growing belly. “I’m getting bigger,” she says, looking down at it.
Sherlock exchanges a minute look with John, his own bewilderment at the gift reflected there. “All right,” he says evenly, and opens the box. Revealed in all its glory, the slow cooker is precisely as pictured on the box. Inside the device itself is a booklet of instructions. “We’ll have to read these,” he says, and passes them to John. “I’ve never used one of these before. Does it… help to have the food cooked especially slowly?”
Sherlock touches his tongue to his lower lip, suddenly nervous. “What – happens next? I don’t – ”
a date, rather than a cautious first re-emergence into public following a major episode of trauma. He reaches over and nabs a blackberry from Sherlock’s plate. “How did you sleep, after all that?” he asks, trying to distract attention from the whole public sharing of food thing.
“I’m here to pick up Rosie?” Molly says, an edge of reminder to her tone. Has he forgotten?
John raises his eyebrows. “So what do we think that Molly may know? And is it important?”
Chris studied him. “I’d say that you’re in love with him, at any rate. Whether or not it’s mutual – that, I don’t know. There are definitely feelings on your side, though, and things haven’t been going all that well lately. I don’t know. Maybe he’s got a girlfriend. Maybe he’s got a boyfriend. Maybe he’s just not into you. Or maybe you’re together but you’ve been fighting and you don’t know what to do about it.” He’d shrugged modestly. “I don’t know, me making deductions in front of London’s greatest detective, but you can tell me how far off I got it, if you like. Was I close?”
“Not as much,” Thom tells him. “Sex would be the bigger one.”
Sherlock interrupts his stream of rather moody thoughts by reaching over to refill his coffee cup. “I thought we could paint the ceiling today, if you’re up for that. Mrs Hudson’s lending us some sheets to cover the furniture and the carpet.”
“Okay,” Sherlock says affably. They’re standing kitty-corner to one another and a comfortable silence falls as Sherlock slices the tiny potatoes in half and John rubs the mushrooms clean with a damp cloth before cutting off the stems.
And the other video, the one she sent to Sherlock, where she told him to go to hell, that trace of snarl around her nose as she said it. It’s true: he never once suspected her for what she truly was. If Sherlock didn’t, either, does this mean that their instincts are unreliable when it comes to this stuff? The irony of them doing detective work and not having noticed the murderer in their own lives hasn’t been lost on him. Then, as he thinks this, John wonders if Mary intended this, too – for them to doubt themselves, their work, every part of it. If taken at face value, a lot of what she said could sound rather sweet – almost as though she was trying to commission them into being a partnership in their work (and who knows what else) for life.
“Great,” John says. He waits for Mycroft to go, then looks at Sherlock. “What?”
John shivers in spite of himself. “One must have been Mary,” he says, thinking aloud. He frowns, concentrating. “The other has to have been Moriarty.”
“No problem,” says the farmer affably. “Name’s Liddell, Graham Liddell.”
Todd shakes his head and gives a bitter laugh. “Have I just lost your faith in me as a therapist?” he asks. “Unable to see something like this in my own house?”
“Just like when you touched me before,” John confirms. “Just like –
Mr Holmes beams at me, and Sherlock looks a touch relieved. “Safe journey,” his father tells us, and we thank him and go hand-in-hand into the train station.
We step off the escalators on the first floor and I look around for signs to direct us to the lingerie department. Personally, I’ve never been one to buy lingerie for girlfriends (or wives) in the past; I always figured that it was over my head and that I’d be better off sticking to flowers and chocolates and that, so I’m as lost as Sherlock is. We wander blankly around the bras and knickers, both feeling a bit like we’re somewhere we’re not meant to be. A snooty-looking saleslady with cat’s eye glasses that I take it are meant to look provocative or something comes over and asks if she can help us find anything. There’s a faint hint of suspicion in her undertone and suddenly I wonder if she thinks we’re shopping for ourselves or something and is put off by the notion.
Sherlock smiles, more to himself than to John, and sips his merlot. It’s delicious, rich and velvety on the tongue, multiple layers of flavour distinguishing themselves on his tongue. “This was a good choice,” he comments, and John makes a sound of agreement, sipping again.
“Sherlock,” John says under his breath, meaning about referring to him as ‘dishwasher’, but then, the kid never did say his name.
The party begins half an hour later, with cocktails to bridge the two events. They booked the same venue for both, but different rooms. Their guests drift about and sign their book and leave gifts on the appointed table, or come over to congratulate them. Sherlock was half-dreading the décor, but in fact it’s beautiful. The tables are ornamented with pine boughs, rowan berries, pinecones, tasteful amounts of artificial snow, and candles, and there are fairy lights everywhere. Everything is low-key and enjoyable, no fuss or bother. They walk into the reception room with their arms around each other to find cocktail hour going strong, and make their way to the bar to get a drink. John orders them champagne, which will be served throughout dinner, anyway.
Mrs Hudson reaches over and pats him on the wrist. “I know, dear,” she says gently. “But you really needn’t. It’s not your main thing, having a little one about, and I haven’t got any grandchildren of my own, so it’s been lovely. And you’ve been busy looking after that man of ours. How is he, anyway?”
“Tomorrow.” Mycroft shifts into briskness. He withdraws an envelope from the inner pocket of his overcoat and lays it on the coffee table beside the USB key. “Train tickets. You’re leaving at half-past nine. Don’t be late, or you’ll miss the connection in Newcastle.”
John’s fingers are shaking but he gets the door open, dreading what they might find inside. If Rosie – (No. Stop it.) The very idea is too awful to even consider. He pushes the door open. “Tamara?” he calls. “Jimmy?” No point even calling the other small children, he thinks.
John stops beneath the arch covering the doorway, which is covered in now-leafless climbing ivy. He unlocks the door and lets them both in.
“All right,” Sherlock says. “What time do we need to leave?”
“Mmm. Of course,” John says, his voice still low and gentle, which makes Sherlock want to drop it and just go on kissing John for the rest of the evening, right here in the park if that’s how it wants to go, but he makes himself focus.
“And a betrayal,” John says, anger flaring internally again, both at Mary and at himself for having gone back to her after. He thinks of what Sherlock said about the territorial battle for him, but now isn’t the time. “Was this the first time you’ve had nightmares about that, or – ?”
“Paperclips,” Sherlock mutters, and Lestrade gives John a look.
Sherlock and John both keep quiet as the others chip in their thoughts.
He goes down for lunch a few minutes late, looking for Sherlock in the crowd, but Sherlock has carefully surrounded himself with people John doesn’t recognise and the table is full. Disappointed, though he realises that it would obviously be better to avoid Sherlock in his current state, all of his feelings right there at the surface, John turns away and goes to the buffet to help himself to a plate, then wanders around looking for an open seat. Since he can’t sit with Sherlock anyway, he looks instead for Joe Biggs, thinking that perhaps this could be an opportunity to probe a little there, though his head is decidedly not on the case at the moment. However, Joe Biggs doesn’t appear to be in the room. John gives up and joins a half-empty table with people he doesn’t know, makes minimal small talk, and eats his food without registering it.
Eventually, though, John’s breathing slows. When he begins to snore, very lightly, Sherlock feels his muscles relax at last. He cautiously lets himself settle more fully into the mattress. It takes another fifteen minutes after that, but finally he falls asleep.
Sherlock blinks. “Why, particularly?”
Sherlock absorbs this and nods. “All right,” he says. “Well – I did. You’re phenomenal. And I loved feeling you coming like that, inside me.”
“I need you,” Jeremy tells him, his voice low and intimate, but also a bit raw, a bit uncertain, and Sherlock marvels a little at the loss of veneer that he used to have.
By ten the sun is shining and Kyle appears, bending to kiss Todd, then announcing the good weather with great enthusiasm, so they set off into the valley to do the photo shoot. When Kyle is satisfied that they have enough good shots to choose from, the three of them go back to his office and narrow down the selections. They choose eight in the end, but their favourite is still the one Kyle surprised them in on Friday afternoon, and they decide to put it on the very final page of the album.
so badly.”
John smiles at him, a beautiful, gentle smile. “Nothing,” he says. “You’ve been handling this whole thing so well, being so nice to everyone. I just saw you standing there, enduring Molly blathering on about something and suddenly I just needed to kiss you. And I thought perhaps you could do with a tiny break from the chaos, too.”
“Right, exactly,” John agrees. “So now… hot tub? Did you still want to do that?”
Sherlock is utterly taken aback by this. “Come
The next few days are surprisingly rather nice. Better than nice. John still feels as though he can’t quite gather his scattered thoughts and feelings properly, that every little breath of wind from any corner can stir it all up again, but it’s getting better, just perceptibly. Everything between him and Sherlock still feels a little uncertain, but cautiously good. They go for long walks and pick up groceries and this and that and no one mentions how they’re not taking any cases. If Lestrade has phoned, Sherlock hasn’t said. By unspoken agreement, they don’t talk about Rosie. They go to a meeting every other day. Neither one of them ever shares with the group, but that doesn’t matter. No one pressures them to, and it’s somewhat therapeutic just to listen in and hear that other people struggle with life in general, too. John feels cautiously certain that he’s more or less past wanting to drown his problems in alcohol, but he knows better than to suggest they stop going, and he doesn’t mind it at all, in fact.
They always play this game, so Sherlock dutifully follows the correct steps. “Take a piece for your lunch tomorrow, at least,” he says, and she permits this. He cuts a large slice and puts it on a plate, wrapping it securely in plastic wrap. The rest, he reseals in its aluminium foil and places in the refrigerator. Coming back, he stops beside John, who is arranging cups and saucers on the tea tray, and puts a jar of honey beside the spoons. He leans into John at the same time, meaning it as a comforting gesture over his inadvertent snub to Mrs Hudson, and John looks up sideways at him, his eyes troubled. Sherlock leans over and kisses him on the forehead, just briefly, then moves away again.
He’s about to click onto the next photo when something else in it catches his eye. What? It can’t possibly be – John peers closer. Rowan appears to be the maid of honour at this wedding – she’s standing right beside the bride and holding flowers, wearing what can only be a bridesmaid’s dress. But the man to the right of the groom is also standing at an angle to the camera, and his young, handsome face is smiling fondly in the direction of the groom. It can’t possibly be Kyle Rosenfeld. Can it? There are no tags on the photo. John pulls up the photo of Kyle from his financial firm and compares them, but the Facebook photo is too small. He saves it for future reference, then searches through the next several photos to see if there are any more from the same wedding. It seems that there aren’t.
, and I feel certain now that you have been holding out on me.” Vee waits, but he doesn’t deny it. “As I thought, then,” she says, grim. “Right, then: I’ll see you tomorrow morning.” She sets the receiver down before Mycroft can formulate another excuse, and refills her mug. She’s still angry, but at least there will be answers now. She should have asked years ago, but the fire, Redbeard, all of it, were just too much. It was all so traumatic. There are parts of it which she has entirely forbidden herself to even think of. Everything to do with Eurus, those dark and dreadful times following when she was taken away. If she lets her mind cautiously reach back to those memories, all she can think of is Eurus’ strange, set face, and Sherlock, speechless and catatonic in the hospital, his wide, innocent blue eyes staring at nothing.
Sherlock yawns in answer. “I suppose I am.” He pauses. “Why? Did you… want me to talk or something?”
I nod. “Yeah. I see that now. I finally fucking see it. I’m sorry it took me so long.” I inhale again, then force myself to go on. “It’s more than that, of course. It always has been. But I could never find the right way to say it, first to myself, and certainly not to you.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “Nothing. It’s a beautiful ring. Thank you.” He takes it out of the bed of velvet it’s reposing on and slips it onto his fourth finger. It fits perfectly, of course.
John glances at him and their eyes meet. “I didn’t want you to worry,” he says, the lines deepening around his eyes. “I just thought I should try to get my head around it my own way.”
Sherlock makes a sound of agreement, his voice low in his throat. “Yes. Plus, it all happened so quickly… the entire confrontation lasted less than ten minutes.”
The congratulations happened early on, when the three of them arrived off the train. To his gratitude, both of Sherlock’s parents seem delighted with the news of their couplehood, Sherlock’s father shaking John’s hand and then hugging him like a long-lost son. John was released only to be engulfed in Sherlock’s mother’s arms, while Sherlock stepped aside to greet his father. He expected them to be good about it, but he’s privately touched by how very happy they seem to be. During the big meal, they discuss the recent goings-on, the topic of Eurus still bringing a shadow to both his parents’ faces. Sherlock distracts them with the news of John’s unexpected inheritance, and that gets exclamations of delight from them, too.
“Good.” The word leaves his mouth automatically, but it’s hollow.
“No,” John says quickly. “That’s what I want your opinion on.
The receptionist is standing near the door. “He should be right with you,” she says worriedly. “His current patient should be out in just a moment.”
Donovan gives him one of her best unimpressed looks. “This is a conference for people who are extremely set against homosexuality in any and every form. You’re going to need to blend in with them.”
John goes to the table and comes back with the packet of thyme. “How much of this?” he wonders.
Sherlock pushes himself off the counter and lurches after her, his ears ringing. It doesn’t matter: he’s here. John will fix it.
John shakes his head a little and leans into the curve of Sherlock’s arm all the more. “I didn’t understand it, myself, because the one thing I was always sure about was that – that I absolutely do want to marry you. Thank God for Margaret. I understand it now.”
Sherlock just stands there for a moment, letting the notion absorb into his brain. He remembers that morning very well – remembers having risen early, quietly mixing a batch of waffle batter, slicing berries, trimming and grilling mushrooms in a pan with sausages, fresh coffee brewing. And John’s awkward reaction, feeling wrongfooted because Sherlock went to so much trouble on his behalf and without his help. The tables have been quite successfully turned, but this time Sherlock is determined to get them through it better. He does cross over to where John is standing now, the bowl of waffle batter he’s still holding in his hands. He takes it gently from John and sets it on the counter.
John is aware that his heart is thudding in his chest as he gets his own key card out and lets himself into his room. It’s only breakfast. There’s no reason to get so… ridiculous about it.
of pasta sauce.”
Molly feels a wave of apprehension. “Maybe he’s sick,” she says.
He doesn’t add
“He’s – here,” I say. “Er – maybe you just can’t see him. It’s dark in here.”
“I’m curious,” John admits, feeling a touch of heat come to his face. “I mean… you seemed to like it a lot, and it’s – I’ve never really… I don’t know if I would like it, but now I’m – yeah. Curious, I guess.”
Sherlock acquiesces and releases me. “Okay. I’ll have made a choice by the time you come out.”
,” John argues. “I mean, I know what he’s like, but I also know that you love him in spite of all that.”
He clears his throat. “Yeah. Okay.” He keeps his eyes on Sherlock’s as he starts, his lube-covered fingers massaging his hole, then slipping inside, first one, then another. God. The heat of Sherlock’s body is unexpected, the grip around John’s fingers intoxicating. Sherlock is breathing hard, sweat gleaming on his forehead, but he doesn’t seem to want it to go any more slowly. John’s three fingers deep when Sherlock produces a condom from somewhere, the crinkly packet suddenly there at the heel of John’s hand. John looks at it, the questioning dying on his lips even before he can ask it. That confirms Sherlock’s intention beyond question, then. “Yeah, all right,” he mumbles, agreeing to the condom. “Who even knows who you’ve all been with?”
I might have mentioned it casually during breakfast or something, but all that gets interrupted when Lestrade bursts in, thunders up the stairs, and wants our help on an apparent suicide that no one seems to believe was really a suicide. Well. I can’t really say anything now, can I? Sherlock is already pulling his coat on, the light of intrigue in his eyes, so I hastily put the milk away and join him.
It’s perfect, John thinks. He turns to Sherlock when they reach the centre, still holding his hand, then reaches up with his free one to cradle Sherlock’s face, his thumb on Sherlock’s cheekbone. Their eyes meet for a moment, then Sherlock puts his hand over John’s, then bends and kisses him. It begins slowly, their lips pressed together, then Sherlock lets go of his hand and puts both arms around John’s shoulders, so John steps closer and wraps his arms around Sherlock’s back, holding him tightly. Their mouths open, breath mingling, tongues touching, tentatively at first, then with growing passion and hunger. It goes on and on, neither of them caring a fig about being seen by passersby, but no one comes along. They have the bridge to themselves, standing there in the falling snow, embracing without shame, without holding back, and it’s the best John’s ever felt in the whole of his forty-one years. Last night was already a revelation about how hungry for this Sherlock actually was, but now the full weight of it is bearing down on them both. John throws himself into it, pouring everything he’s finally letting them both feel into the kiss, and it’s so good. He feels whole in a way he’s never felt before in his life.
“Charleston,” Sharon specifies, and Sherlock looks none the wiser.
John glances at Sherlock. “They can, yeah. But the autopsy was pretty clear: she was poisoned. Cyanide. Seems like it was in her soup. It was a butternut squash, from the looks of it.”
John’s eyes flick to Sherlock almost guiltily, as though looking at something that he deeply yearns to have but doesn’t think that he can. “All evidence to the contrary.”
Sherlock’s mouth twitches into a smile. “What about you, though?” he asks, not specifying, but he doesn’t need to.
“I don’t care, just – ” Sherlock is wrecked with desperation, but then gasps as John pushes into him in one long, careful motion, not stopping until he’s fully buried in Sherlock’s body.
Corey goes over to a bar table and stoops to open what must be a small fridge beneath it, drops several ice cubes into a tall glass and fills it with water, then comes back. “Here you go,” he says, handing it off to his assistant, then gestures Sherlock and John to the sofa, sitting down in one of the rather-elegant chairs opposite. Anna sits down in the other one. “So,” Corey says, crossing one leg over the other and clasping his hands around the upper knee. “What’s the story?”
I exhale shakily and clutch at him; he’s already gone back to kissing my neck. “Here?” I manage, my cock pushing actively against my zip now.
This trip was a good idea.
John looks up at him and feels guilt printing itself all over his face. “Sherlock...” He trails off, not sure what to say or how to say it.
Sherlock frowns, pulls off one of his own gloves and reaches inside to touch the victim’s face. “You’re right,” he says. “Standard frozen, do you think?”
, John types back.
“What’s that?” I ask.
“It’ll probably be good, though,” John says.
Somehow this seems to reassure Sherlock and his expression turned relieved. “John…”
He says all this deliberately angling to get a rise out of Lucas, and it’s working. His expression doesn’t change, but the colour rises in his neck and creeps up his face. “That will do,” he says, trying too obviously to mask the anger in his voice. “I’ll have a word with him.”
“That’s right,” Greg says, with his easy smile. “Joined up for Kosovo back in 2008 when they put out the call for recruits in my town.”
John withdraws his hand and transfers himself to the edge of the coffee table. “It’s about half-past four. I’ve been back for about twenty minutes. Rosie’s still sleeping – brilliant that you got her down for her nap, by the way.”
John acknowledges this, then says, “Where are we going now?”
John reaches for him and kisses him again, unable to resist this in any way, opening his mouth to Sherlock and shifting closer to press himself to the warmth of Sherlock’s body, his palms travelling over Sherlock’s sides and long back. Sherlock is doing the same, not holding back in a way that makes John feel glad down to the core, knowing that Sherlock feels comfortable enough to touch him like this, like he’s fully permitted to. Because he
for him, would have died again! Why do you think I’ve
This takes Sherlock by surprise. “You – noticed?” he asks, almost wincing.
This comes out a bit defensive and John shoots Sherlock a cautionary look, which Sherlock intercepts and registers. “Yes, I see,” he says. “And you couldn’t verify the fact without being here yourself. When did you last speak to him?”
He clears his throat. “Do you have one?”
Some time later, he opens his eyes and finds himself still in Sherlock’s arms, and smiles.
John hesitates. He was hoping Sherlock would say this. “Are you sure?” he asks. “Coffee, maybe? Help keep you awake?”
“In retrospect, so do I,” John says, a bit wistfully. He kisses Sherlock again, then says, “But we’re out of the woods now. Quite literally. We’re here. In your bed together.”
“Any workshop title that sounds like a doctoral thesis needs editing,” Sherlock says, though it’s still under his breath.
“Don’t be sorry. C’mere.” John leans over and kisses him, getting an arm around Sherlock’s back.
John makes a sound of acknowledgement. His hands are on Sherlock, turning him over, Sherlock trying to keep his long legs from kicking him, and then without warning, John’s face is right there, pushed into the cleft of his arse, and he starts licking at Sherlock’s hole. Sherlock’s breath comes out in a choked gasp as he lowers his forehead to his forearms, face down with his arse in the air as John’s tongue pushes into him. He can’t help the sounds he’s making now; they’ve known since the first time John did this that he’s extremely susceptible to being rimmed and tonight it somehow feels even better than usual. He’s pushing back against John’s face, unable to stop himself from it, his penis leaving wet smears against his lower abdomen. John grasps it and starts to rub and Sherlock’s moans grow deeper throatier still, unable to move now, pinioned between the pleasure of John’s fist rubbing his erection and John’s tongue moving rhythmically into him. It feels so good he can barely breathe, and yet he still wants more, needs the sensation of John entering him, filling him.
After the meal come the speeches. Each exhibitor is introduced, explaining their exhibit and their services, some also talking about workshops or presentations they’ll be leading during the week. Jodie also presents, introducing herself as a wedding planner and explaining how her services work. When they’re finally released from the dining room, they’re given a walking tour of the exhibition corridors and told where to find everything, then they’re released for the duration of the evening. It’s late by then, nearly ten, so John suggests that they have a look at the rest of the facility, then turn in. Sherlock agrees, so they explore the miniature spa and the gym, the on-site miniature cinema, then make for their room.
John moves to walk away a little to let them say goodbye and goes to perch on the arm of his chair.
Molly frowns and starts into the flat. It’s in dreadful condition. There aren’t any lights on, so it’s dim, but not enough so that she can’t see how dirty it is. There are used plates and cups sitting here and there, on the coffee table and on top of the telly, a pizza box sitting open on the floor with a half-eaten pizza inside. The smell grows stronger as she passes the kitchen, as though the bins haven’t been taken out in over a week. More alarming than the smell are the empty bottles and glasses here and there. It’s not that many, but it’s enough. From her quick, discreet glance, she can see two empty vodka bottles, at least two dozen empty beer bottles, and a mostly-empty bottle of very cheap whiskey. There’s a beer bottle lying on its side in the hall, a stale, yeasty-smelling puddle staining the carpet. Molly makes her way down the corridor to collect her goddaughter. Rosie is standing up in her cot when she pushes the door open to the unlit room, holding onto the bars and wailing. “Hey, hey, it’s okay, I’m here,” Molly soothes, but the state of Rosie’s room is awful, too.
“Wait,” he says heavily. “There’s one more thing. If you’re so determined to know everything, then you should know this, too. I don’t think it’s left any lasting damage, but… they tried to get you to make a decision but you weren’t yourself. You couldn’t seem to grasp what they were asking, and Father didn’t want to discuss it at all, so in the end it was down to Rudy. I was there, but had no legal right to consent. He and I talked it over with the doctors, though, and in the end Rudy agreed.”
There are no thorns in it, though. They’ve had all of those conversations, months before John finally moved back in, Rosie in tow. It’s been eleven months since all of the drama died down: eleven months of watching John juggle Rosie’s caregivers even after she started daycare, of having taxis ‘swing by’ Mary’s flat in the suburbs on their way to a crime scene, resulting in some truly outrageous cab fares, not that it ever mattered: having John there was always well worth it. They talked, cautiously at first, then with gradually greater ease. They’ve talked about all of it now: Moriarty and the snipers that day at Bart’s Hospital, Sherlock’s time away, Mary, her death, Eurus, Sherlock’s family history, all of it. They’ve both apologised, in depth, and forgiven one another. There’s one subject they’ve never broached, though, and likely never will, and that’s fine, Sherlock tells himself. John is home: back where he belongs. He came back on the first of November, the sale of the flat going through sometime after that. It’s been an adjustment, particularly having a nearly-two-year-old underfoot, but she’s also out of the house for much of the day, and goes to bed early enough that it’s really only supper that gets disrupted. It’s fine. In fact, not as bad as he’d privately feared – a fee to be endured for the sake of having John back. In reality, it’s been better than that, though obviously still an occasional inconvenience. The security measures alone, for instance, but it was he who insisted on that. The last thing he wants is for John to decide that Baker Street isn’t safe enough for his daughter after all, and to use it as a reason to leave again.
John wakes with Sherlock’s arms still around him, though they’ve loosened in sleep. Last night rushes back to him in pieces – finding Sherlock in King’s College Chapel, kissing him on the bridge, the swans all around them, coming back here and everything that happened after that: them undressing each other, hands all over each other in fumbling, unpractised want, John sucking Sherlock off, Sherlock touching him after, and then Sherlock’s exploration of his body after, winding up with Sherlock inside him, and one of the single best orgasms he’s ever had. His cock twitches just thinking about it, already hard and pressed up against some part of Sherlock’s body. And as he lies there, blinking the fog out of his eyes and thinking over the events of last night, he realises with relief that there’s not one scrap of him that feels even the slightest bit of shame over what’s happened between them. He wouldn’t be embarrassed to have anyone – or everyone – know that Sherlock was inside him last night, or how incredible it was. That they’re together now, together for real, not just for show, that they love each other and that it’s going to last forever – at least if he’s got anything to say about it.
, he could say. Just the single word, terse and clipped like he always used to.
Next, they take Rosie and go to see David. He nearly jumps out of his skin at seeing Sherlock on his doorstep, but John hastily explains that there’s nothing to worry about, and finally David cautiously invites them in for a cup of tea. Seated around his rather small kitchen table, John breaks the news to him as gently as possible that he is, in fact, a father. Sherlock watches the small man’s face and feels another unusual surge of empathy, watching the range of motions cross his face.
He can sense his mother and sister exchanging looks. “It’s just… I suppose I must have been mistaken,” Mum says, fingering her necklace. She’s broken out the fake pearls, no doubt also for Sherlock’s benefit. It has to be said that Sherlock usually
“Lestrade’s already been there for three hours and they can’t make heads or tails or it, the idiots,” Sherlock says in John’s ear, sounding happy.
“It’s no problem,” Mrs Hudson assures him, as she always does. “You know I wanted to have her. And once summer is over and you’ve got her in some daycare somewhere, I know I won’t see her as much, so I’m enjoying it while I can.”
John quirks his brows at him. “What, with my dazzling array of culinary skills?”
John’s hand finds it way to his penis then and Sherlock breaks off the kiss involuntarily, gasping as John’s fist closes around him. Their cheeks are pressed together, both of them panting, and somehow his hand migrates instinctively to John’s erection. It’s stiff in his palm and he moans at the feel of it. They stand there, touching each other in this most intimate of ways, exhaling vocally, chests heaving together. “Sherlock – ” John breathes his name, then walks him backward toward the bed.
They’d asked him what to do with Mary’s things, and he’d told them flatly to get rid of it all. “Donate it somewhere. Throw it away. I don’t care.” It was a quick, painless process, and he left the flat behind without a flicker of a regret for any of the time he spent there. He’d glanced into the bedroom to make sure he hadn’t left anything of his own behind and thought for three nanoseconds about lying in bed with Mary, a solid metre of space between them. He never slept well on the left side of the bed but she’d insisted on switching so that she could be closer to the door to go to Rosie. Nothing else had occurred in that bed since before she’d shot Sherlock, to be honest. Since the days when he still slept on the right side. After Christmas she’d been enormously pregnant and had never expressed any interest and he hadn’t tried to instigate it, either, and then there was Rosie and the rest of it after. And he hadn’t wanted to, either. Not with Mary, at least.
Mrs Hudson appears just as Sherlock is scooping bacon onto a side plate, presenting them with two crisply-puffed, golden German pancakes in cast iron pans with enough pride to inflate a hot air balloon. John’s already set out plates and he hastens to effect the transfer so that she can take the hot pans back down before they start scorching her hands through the thick oven mitts. She likes to keep them in for as long as possible or else they start to deflate, she’s explained. The timing of this works out perfectly to prevent her from lingering to ask awkward questions about why John was sleeping in Sherlock’s bed this morning and the night before, too, and John is profoundly grateful for the fact. “You two enjoy, now,” Mrs Hudson coos, already making for the stairs.
John smiles at her, a real smile. “Thank you for everything you’ve done for Rosie. We’ll figure things out there. And thank you for telling us the rest of it, even if you should have said it sooner. We’re going to find Mary and bring her back here to stand trial. Maybe you’ll have an opportunity to say whatever you need to say to her then.”
score. The part I don’t have any idea about is what Sherlock’s intentions, or hopes were. Or what actually happened. He didn’t seem any different later. Just said that he’d managed to stop her from bringing the country to its knees. It was the way he said it, though, as though he’d got the better of her in some way that left him feeling particularly smug and satisfied about the whole thing that made me wonder, if that game of theirs was even better than sex or something. I can’t see Irene Adler
“He still owes us for that stolen microfiche last month,” Sherlock says. “I’ll text him now.”
John turns this over in his head, then thinks of something else. “So why are they pretending they don’t know each other?”
“Sure,” John says, letting it go. He hesitates, looking at Sherlock’s back. He wants to ask about his back, about his lack of sleep, about what happened last night with the nightmare about whatever happened in Turkey, but it feels very much as though Sherlock is signalling that he doesn’t want to talk about any of that right now. Keep calm and carry on, forsooth. John stifles a sigh and turns his attention to Rosie instead, suppressing the thought that he’d rather be making bacon along with the sigh. He loves her tremendously, but it’s just endless. He dabs a bit of mashed banana off her cheek with a wet cloth and allows himself to feel the guilt he knows he absolutely should be feeling about the unworthy thought. Once he’s got her a bit cleaned up (though he knows he’ll have to repeat the process in two minutes, anyway), he gets up and organises their coffee.
John finds that his entire body has gone rigid. He swallows. “Jesus,” he mutters. “Sorry, I – it’s – still fresh, I guess.”
Sherlock hesitates. “No, but his hand was on my thigh – about here,” he says, taking John by the wrist and placing his hand high on his inner thigh. “I somewhat assumed that to be an indication of intent.”
He stops, and John nods. “Okay. I’ll, er, stay dressed, then.” He indicates the bed with his head. “Why don’t you keep the dressing gown on, then, and get onto the bed. On your hands and knees should be easiest. That’s usually how I’d conduct a prostate exam.”
do, though.”
Sherlock nods automatically, but doesn’t say anything. He swallows, runs his fingers through his curls, then comes over and sits down. He clears his throat nervously. “This is – even stranger than it sounded when I asked last night,” he admits.
Sherlock shakes his head minutely. “Of course not. Besides, we’ve already agreed that we should talk more, ask our questions. What is it?”
Sherlock looks interested in spite of himself. “Where in Cambridge?”
“Possibly,” Sherlock admits. “Here, this is my photo of him. As to your point, it would seem that it’s somewhat divided by financial class as well. Joe Biggs doesn’t seem the sort to have a lot of money to contribute to the anti-same sex marriage lobby, for instance. He doesn’t appear to be ‘old money’ or particularly establishment.”
He nods. “Almost to broiling, for the eggplant.”
“I know,” Sherlock says quietly. “I feel the same way, myself, if you want to know. We don’t have the best history in terms of some of the ways we’ve treated each other. And not talking about it for so long didn’t help. But we’re moving past it, or so I like to think.”
in the face of Sherlock’s own doubts.
Ella’s words about being proactive about his own life come back to him all of a sudden. This is exactly the sort of thing she would mention: a situation that he isn’t happy with but somehow can’t seem to bring himself to do anything about. Fine, then! John snatches at his phone and opens the text messages, touching Sherlock’s name with his finger. He thinks for a moment, then writes,
“Perhaps not,” Sherlock says, watching him in the mirror as they shave. “I didn’t mean on a full-time basis per se. I just mean, do what you need to do. I’ll understand.”
John lets himself drift, wondering if perhaps they are going to go back to sleep, after all. It’s Monday morning but he still hasn’t gone back to the clinic. They’ve got nothing on except, of course, for the fact that Mary is apparently on the loose somewhere.
John glances at him when he comes into the kitchen. “All clean?” he asks lightly, his eyebrows a little too high.
This is not particularly enthusiastic, but John ignores it and goes into the kitchen to fill the kettle. Sherlock always gets like this when he’s here, sort of flat and colourless and blandly polite. When they’re at Baker Street, he’s himself, or as much himself as either of them have been since the entire business with his deranged sister trying to kill them all the other week. Things between them are cautiously stable. It feels like a truce more than solid ground, but they’ll get there, probably. John turns off the water and plugs the kettle in, pushing down the twinges of guilt that like to surface whenever he lets himself think about the past year or so. There’s a lot there, and Ella’s been pushing, but he’s not ready yet. There’s too much to unpack and at the moment he’s more concerned with the business of making the day-to-day work than with sorting out all of the shit he’s got to work on.
His hand is still covering hers and Sherlock sees it tighten, too, unwittingly reflecting his and John’s.
. It’s – it feels like a privilege, if you want to know. To get to be the first person that you do any of this with. To be allowed to touch you, in any way. Every part of this has felt that way to me – to get to sleep in your bed with you, to get to touch your hair, to hold you, to be in your arms – every part of it, Sherlock.”
“I’m just glad we’re here now,” Sherlock says, and reaches up to touch John’s face with the hand that was on his arse. He rubs his thumb over John’s cheekbone. “Kiss me again,” he requests, so John does it, again, then again, and again.
John feels a little put on the spot. At the same time, he’s also decided that he’s ready to just do this, rather than wait for Sherlock to have to find some sort of secret moment behind his back to do it like he originally wanted. He clears his throat. “Much better, thanks. Actually…” He glances at Sherlock, hoping he won’t think he’s doing this only because Sherlock hasn’t had the chance yet. It’s not that. It’s just that he’s ready to say this, ready to own it. “We, er… we’ve got something to tell you, actually. I was initially going to get Sherlock to tell you sometime when I wasn’t around, but… I think I want to tell you myself.” He looks at Sherlock. “If you don’t mind, of course,” he adds, hoping that he won’t.
He’s typing a blog entry on the varying merits of different types of wood for domestic fires (the intentional sort) and John’s reading the
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “Thank you.” He pauses. “You called my brother. Thank you.”
Todd’s mouth opens, and he tries to inhale. He turns his chair away, bends over, and vomits into a wastepaper bin. John gets up and goes to get some water from the machine they passed in the corridor. Sherlock reaches for a box of tissues and pushes it over to Todd. “I’m sorry,” Todd says, spitting into the bin and sounding miserable. “Oh my God.”
John gazes at him, unable to find the right words to counter this. Indecision wars within him. “I – but – ”
“They’re a lobbying group, and incredibly well-funded,” he says, jabbing a finger at the back page. “Look at their list of sponsors, John!”
“I’m glad,” John says fiercely. “I’m so glad he did.”
Sherlock reaches for the heavy tome. “Nothing of particular interest. It’s a doctoral thesis on the ethics of genetic splicing.”
Molly gets up and goes to open a drawer beneath the worktop. She removes several items, then brings over a scrap of paper with what Sherlock recognises as Mary’s writing on it. The number is for France, close to Paris, he thinks. He gives it to John.
John can’t help taking the bait. “Say what?” he asks guardedly, though he already knows it would probably be better not to.
Somehow things fall into a pattern. They work on the house. Mycroft comes by to interrupt and drill them on the depositions. John rotates Rosie around during the days, though it’s mostly Harry and Liz who have her. He messes up one night when he and Sherlock drink a little too much at dinner and he falls asleep on the sofa at Baker Street. He wakes in the morning to find a blanket draped over him and Sherlock cooking breakfast in the kitchen, his curls still wet from the shower. John watches him for a moment, privately admiring his long, smoothly-muscled back in its tightly-tailored dress shirt, which is tucked into a pair of trousers equally tightly-tailored in a way that should be illegal. John has to swallow at the sight, his morning wood giving a gentle pang of yearning that has everything to do with all of the rest of the stuff that’s been stuck in John’s chest for six years now. His phone buzzes on the coffee table and he sees that Sherlock plugged it in for him. Thoughtful of him. The screen is showing several texts from Harry. He remembers Rosie and his heart sinks. He was supposed to pick her up last night.
“Your technique is
“Take your time,” Sherlock says, for the second time that day.
Short and to the point, as ever. John hesitates, wanting to check with Sherlock first. Today is Wednesday. If things keep going the way they have so far, Sherlock will almost certainly have a date on Friday night. Will he even want to come to John’s mum’s for tea? He usually does, but now things are different. Nevertheless, he doesn’t want to accept before he’s checked with Sherlock. Mum gets impatient when he doesn’t respond right away, though, so he types,
Harry looks astonished. “You own a slow cooker?”
Sherlock nods slowly, his brow still troubled, and exhales slowly.
Sherlock looks at him and smiles, then takes a long drink of the cool, fizzing wine. “So we do,” he says, and hands the bottle back. “Let’s not waste any more time, then.”
Sherlock simply ignores him. “Where’s the crime scene? Text me the address.”
John sees his Adam’s apple bob, still evading eye contact, and realises afresh how difficult it is for Sherlock to talk about this stuff. “How did you feel about it?” he asks softly. “I mean – did you like it? Were you… comfortable throughout?”
. As we said yesterday – it was always you, John. This was always meant to happen, I think.”
John leans into the doorway of the bedroom and rolls his eyes. “You’ve no idea.”
Mary hugs back, sounding forlorn. “There’s no point in staying now. It’s hopeless. And it’s over. The only thing left now is revenge.”
John snatches away his hand, his heartbeat exploding in his ears, alarmed and humiliated and upset. “I’m sorry!” he blurts out. He wants to die. He should have asked first, asked if it would be all right. Obviously it wasn’t, at
“Yes – I want – ” Sherlock seals their mouths together again, tongues rubbing hard, lips sucking, and reaches for the hardness he’s imagined for years. He finds it and it feels exactly how he knew it would, yet even better. John’s flesh is far warmer than he imagined, and it’s pulsing rhythmically in his hand, tangibly responding to the way he’s touching it. They’re kissing hard and mirroring each other’s movements, stroking through their pyjama pants. It feels better than Sherlock even knew it was possible to feel, the stimulus and pleasure rising in a physical spike standing out from his body, his testicles heavy and full, responding in glittering sensation every time John’s fingers brush over them. He’s panting now, kissing John in fits and starts, breathing against his jaw and neck in between. He’s almost too aroused to feel embarrassed about how very hard he is, how extremely evident it is to John, who is holding his erection through his pyjama pants and caressing it rhythmically.
Sherlock nods, his lips parted, his eyes riveted to John’s. His legs have fallen open, knees pulled up. John is almost in position already. His eyes are on Sherlock as he shifts a little lower, guiding himself, and then he’s there. He can almost see Sherlock’s thoughts, he thinks, his heart thumping heavily in his chest. Sherlock is breathing hard, as much from emotion as from arousal, John feels. He pushes inside, and it’s so tight that he almost cries out. He and Sherlock both gasp out their breath, Sherlock’s mouth opening wider, lines forming around his eyes, but he doesn’t break their eye contact.
Mycroft inhales carefully, then swallows and looks down at his desk. “It was for your own good,” he says, a little less sanctimoniously than he might have, yet his tone carries the weight of genuine conviction. “Perhaps we should discuss this when you’ve had time to get hold of yourself,” he adds, not quite meeting Sherlock’s nailing gaze.
Sherlock’s eyes probe his deeply, his pupils flooding the blue of his irises. “You’ve never?” he asks.
,” Mrs Hudson says emphatically. “As long as you care for each other, that’s all that matters at the end of the day! Oh, I must say, the two of you couldn’t have given me a better gift than that! It’s all I’ve wanted since the day you walked in here with that cane of yours,” she says, directing this at John. “I suppose I lost hope when you told me you were getting married. I thought I’d best just accept it then and be done with it, even though we didn’t think we were going to get Sherlock back then. Isn’t that right?”
John swallows and gets the lid off. He’s never done this in his life, put his fingers in someone’s arse. It’s probably not that different than some of the other things he’s done, but he doesn’t want to think about that, about anything he’s ever done with anyone else. This is about the two of them only, and if it’s as inexperienced and new for him as it is for Sherlock, then he’s fiercely glad. He drops the lid and clumsily gets lube onto his fingers, probably way too much, but too much has got to be better than not enough. He concentrates on the feel of Sherlock’s erection between them and reminds himself that Sherlock wants this, wants it badly enough to have asked for it plainly. If it hurts, he’ll say, won’t he? “You’ll – you’ll mention the – legumes if you need to, right?” he asks.
He goes off into a gale of wheezy laughter at this before John can even respond. John clears his throat, not sure what to say to this. “Er… not quite,” he says. Roy makes him intensely uncomfortable for some reason. He focuses on not looking nervous or like he’s looking for an escape. “How about you?”
John pulls back after a little and puts both hands on Sherlock’s face, his thumbs moving gently over Sherlock’s cheekbones. “There’s so much more of that to come later,” he promises, and leads Sherlock back to the table.
“Ah.” John searches for the right way to ask his next question, but he can’t think of any way to couch it in less than completely direct terms. “And?” he says. “What happened when you got there?”
He trails off, but doesn’t add anything else, so John prods. “Good!” he says, though something in his gut feels cold. “Tell me about it. If you want.”
Sherlock gathers the plates and silverware and takes it all to the sink. “Are you taking the rest of the lasagna back down?” he asks archly, angling deliberately, and Mrs Hudson shakes her head.
follow him, John realises, his dazed brain seeming to function even more slowly than usual. The thought is astounding. How could Sherlock have found him
I force my voice to come out as normally as I can make it given that he’s now licking my balls. “It’s – fine. Do whatever you like.”
, know that what Sherlock feels is every bit as deep or deeper than John’s own feelings, that he is the entire foundation upon which Sherlock’s life is built. Perhaps it isn’t too late to tell him. Perhaps he should, and damn the risk once and for all.
Sherlock frowns. “Your reaction was more than understandable,” he points out. “Anyone would have felt the same way. You didn’t have all the facts. Which is my fault. I handled it poorly.”
“There are certain poisons that can also bring on the symptoms of cardiac arrest,” John says thoughtfully. “Perhaps we should start there.”
Somehow, this makes John relax. At least his knowledge is still considered important here. (At least he’s still needed for something, he tries not to think.) “Let’s go and see what the possibilities are,” he says, uncrossing his legs and getting out of his chair.
Sherlock takes the folded piece of paper but looks at the server, rather than at what it says. “By whom?” he asks keenly.
Sherlock turns his head to look at him, simultaneously muting the television. “What’s that for?”
He finds John loitering around the front desk, chatting with Kyle. John smiles at him, a bit of tension around his eyes, and Kyle turns and sees him. “Sherlock!” he says. “I just got a pop-up message from Lucas saying that you were looking for me! What can I do for you?”
Sherlock’s jawline is gorgeous at this angle, John thinks, and wishes he could just let himself have this without hating himself in retrospect. There’s just so much that he’s done to Sherlock that he never should have. He’s apologised for some of it, but there’s always more. Right now he’s thinking of the way he left when he went back to Mary. They’d both known that morning, when they left for Christmas dinner, though neither of them commented on it, on the bag John was holding, though Sherlock’s eyes had scanned over it briefly, taking it in and cataloguing the fact of its existence somewhere inside his head. John hadn’t said a word, nothing to explain that he was going to try to salvage his train wreck of a marriage because of the unborn child he didn’t even want. He never said how hard it was, making himself leave Baker Street (and Sherlock) again. And Sherlock hadn’t questioned it, called him on it, called him out over his very silence, about not telling him. He knew. They both knew. And they both knew that John should have explained himself. Or rather, John thinks now, they both knew that John shouldn’t have gone back. He puts a hand on Sherlock’s jawline and touches his beautiful mouth with his thumb, aching with the need to be better, to deserve this man.
But the truth is that he’s bored. John’s bored, too. Mrs Hudson has busied herself with a newfound hobby of sourdough bread and getting into all the latest Netflix shows, teaching herself how to crotchet with online lessons and having late night phone calls with Mr Chatterjee, her sister, and her book club friends. She’s fine. It’s the two of them who aren’t.
“True,” he allows. “Very true.” He looks around. “Okay: now what? We can’t be seen together, skipping the lecture.”
It takes awhile for Mary to respond, but when she does, even her text sounds depressed.
when it surfaced, too. Like that very same moment at the wedding, when Sherlock deduced the pregnancy. That awkward silence as the horrible fact of John’s new marriage made itself all too painfully clear, Sherlock’s smile fading and sliding off his face, the look in his eyes momentarily all too plain. Had his own expression been just as transparent? John grimaces at the very thought. Probably. He’s always been rubbish at hiding what he feels. He can think of dozens of moments now, when he could see Sherlock’s feelings a bit too plainly. There are so many that John could practically select any memory from Baker Street days at random and find something. A look in Sherlock’s eyes, a touch that lingered longer than it might have between any other two friends. There was that moment on the tarmac, too.
“I’m sorry she’s crying,” John says, feeling wretched.
They hesitate, then Thom nods. “A little,” he admits.
“Oi, get a room,” Jim says good-naturedly.
Sherlock glances at him. “A double,” he says, a bit stiffly. “I was… quite clear on that score.”
John feels his jaw clench. “And Mary?”
“It was fine,” John says. “Nothing exciting. Mum made chicken noodle soup and toasted cheese sandwiches.”
“He might as well have done,” Mycroft retorts. “John married an assassin, one who later shot Sherlock in the heart, very nearly killing him. I firmly believe she intended to do so, yet he stubbornly insisted on ignoring it for John’s sake. He went to warn her about her past catching up to her and she drugged him and ran off. He is incapable of considering the danger to himself where it concerns John and his notion of what would make John happy. It’s painful to watch.”
“She would, though. You know she would.”
It’s mind-blowingly good. It’s so phenomenal that he can’t even speak, gasping in lungfuls of air as Sherlock meticulously searches out every single most sensitive part of him and delivers the most masterful blow job John’s ever received in his life, an act which he
Relief. Sherlock smiles at him. “Thank you,” he says modestly. “I rather like them, I think. It occurred to me that perhaps I should have brought you along to tell me which frames to get, but since I was already there, I just chose a pair. I’m glad you think they’re all right.”
“Yes, or at least this photo is,” Sherlock says, looking satisfied that he got there. “I compared the back of the dress with the one in Rowan Evans’ photo, but apparently it’s a very common design. So then I moved onto Andrea, as she’s now the primary suspect, at least in my opinion. The problem is that Andrea doesn’t have a single shred of online presence. Not anywhere, at least not under her own name. The only photo I could find of her anywhere is here, on the Chilton College website. I think it must be her, John.”
“Are we feeling rich?” John inquires dryly, but his mouth is already watering, though they
Sherlock makes absolutely no response to this, however, not even acknowledging that John’s said anything.
“Night,” John says again, and that’s it for conversation.
“I’m still tired,” John says. He fastens the tabs of the new nappy into place and turns his head to look at Sherlock. “Would you order us something? Anything. I don’t care. I could eat a horse.”
He doesn’t get up. Instead, his eyes narrow, honing in on her. “This intolerant behaviour is suggestive of some manner of intolerance experienced in your own life,” he says, his wits no less sharp despite the state of his body. “That painting, there – you want to go there on vacation but you also don’t want to go alone – pity, because you’ve recently split up with your boyfriend. You said it was you, not him, but it was definitely him, both his halitosis and then the fact that the halitosis stopped, leading you to suspect an affair – probably quite right; you’re clever enough to have seen that, and besides which his long working hours made you suspicious given that he hasn’t been earning any extra, which is why you haven’t already been there – where is that, Tahiti? Bora Bora? – with him already. And then there’s your relationship with your mother – ”
John thinks of the lamb chops they’ve got in the fridge, fresh and ready to be roasted for dinner, per their plans. Sherlock was talking about making his signature pan-fried potatoes with them. John was going to make green beans with toasted almonds. But now this may be ousted in favour of dinner with Corey Graham. “What are you going to say?” he asks, the words coming out slightly mangled.
just yet, so I swallow and fill his wineglass. “I should expect so,” I say, mirroring his lightness, then pour myself a glass and clear my throat. “To the chefs,” I say, lifting my glass.
John nods. “I see.” He wanders abstractedly over to the left side of the bed and opens the drawer of the night table. His eyebrows rise and he clears his throat. “Er, wow.”
“In detecting murderers,” Sherlock says, a bit delicately. “Particularly female ones.” He moves off toward the door, not checking whether or not John is following.
Sherlock leans forward and sets his newly-emptied mug down on the coffee table. “In that case, I’ll go down and see if Mrs Hudson would mind keeping her a little longer.”
Sherlock fights internally, his head dropping forward. He nods. “Thank you,” he says, the words charged.
“Yeah, you do.” John’s voice is flat. “Like when we were leaving to go to Moriarty’s trial, years back. I was trying to tell you how to behave in court and you said something like, ‘I’ll just be myself’, and I said something like, ‘Are you even listening to me?’ I was
They watch the helicopter come to a jerky landing, and then Mary is bundled out, surrounded by no fewer than twelve agents. Sherlock is pleased to note that Mary has been cuffed at the hands and feet and is sporting an orange jumpsuit. Orange is not her colour, and this pleases him still further. Mary’s eyes fall on the small group waiting for her and she says something to the agent to her right. He grunts and jerks her forward, not stopping until Mary is three metres from them. She squints into the light. “What’s this, then?” she asks, her voice thick with suspicion. “A welcome party?” She makes no reference to the fact that she is supposed to be dead.
“Rosie!” she says, almost in delight. “No! Tell me you didn’t name your child ‘Rosie’, John!”
Richard shrugs. “I think it’s fine if some couples switch, but we don’t. I don’t bottom. And as far as our relationship goes, it’s pretty clear cut. I run a business and bring in the money. Sean does most of the work in running the flat, along with the cooking and laundry and the rest of it. We’re pretty typical, I think.”
John nods. “Yup. Unfortunate for me, since my needs are there whether or not we have a case.”
“All right,” John agrees, and the flour is duly added. John tips the sauce into the slow cooker over the beef and bacon. “Now I think all we’ve got to do is add the vegetables.”
“Entirely,” Sherlock agrees. “I made John a promise.”
Sherlock gives him a smile that makes his heart turn to lava. “Lunch,” he agrees, so they leave the hotel still holding hands and stroll out into the heat of the day, and it’s beautiful.
But Sherlock hesitates again. “I might be,” he says, going vague and careful again. He inhales as though he’s going to continue, but then doesn’t.
“Yeah,” he confirms, nuzzling his face into Sherlock’s hair. “Right here.” He rubs his hands over Sherlock’s back and lets himself squeeze again, holding Sherlock to himself.
“I’m ready,” Sherlock tells him. “I’ve been dreaming of this day since I went away.”
The words seem to pierce Sherlock in the chest, and for a moment, the wound left by Mary’s bullet actually throbs. Some part of him very much wants to say it back. It wouldn’t be the first time he’s felt it, wanted to say it. His thoughts go back to the two of them on the tarmac, remembering acutely the way he’d thought it would be the very last time he would see John, as Mycroft had more or less assured him of his inevitable death on the mission. He’d wanted to say it then, finally stop suppressing it. What could it have hurt, he’d reasoned. He would never see John again, and he’d kept it silent for all that time. Never protesting during the months that he planned John’s wedding to Mary, planning everything from his speech to their stag night with painstaking care and attention. Then the shot, forbidding Mycroft to prosecute, demanding that he have the bullet destroyed. Insisting that John stay with Mary, or at least, not overtly leave her, even during the months that he was staying at Baker Street, wanting to keep a closer eye on Sherlock’s recovery.
I have to admit, I
Once they involve Mycroft, it’s easy enough to track Mary down. They could have found her without his help, but, as Sherlock pointed out to John, being included seemed to cheer him up a little.
Sherlock turns his head, his mouth opening to ask, so John hurries to answer before he can.
The next several days are miserable. Neither of them makes any reference to the awful conversation, but John’s unhappiness shows in his every action. Their silences are now loaded and awkward, and Sherlock struggles to hide his own unhappiness. This is precisely what he thought would happen, he thinks rebelliously. John never should have brought it up! He has doomed their friendship and made everything unbearable. Sherlock stops offering to go with him to collect Rosie from daycare and John does not comment on this. Without having discussed it, they stop cooking meals together, eating at the same time generally, but not the same thing. Sherlock feels the loss keenly but doesn’t know what to do about it. They don’t speak around the flat unless necessary; otherwise John avoids him. They work two separate cases, solving them with their customary efficiency. Lestrade gives them both odd looks, but doesn’t say anything apart from a muttered, “Everything all right?” to Sherlock, out the side of his mouth one day.
“Shame,” Phil says. “Well – if you think of anything else, don’t hesitate. You know where to find us. Meanwhile, do enjoy the rest of the conference! The desserts tonight should be spectacular, too. Jenny always outdoes herself, and I’ve already had a peek at what’s chilling in the freezer right now. No photographers, I promise.”
back, things that make it sound like all I care about with Sherlock is his ability to solve stuff or know things. And I’ve heavily implied, in jokes with other people in front of him and directly to his face that him being the way he is isn’t okay.”
He swallows. “You… had other things to think about,” he says, offering John the out. “You were grieving.”
There’s a pause and John can actively feel Sherlock’s name hovering unspoken between them. It’s been there since the day he told Ella that Sherlock was dead, that he couldn’t say any of the stuff he needed to say. She’s always known, or suspected, at least, but as long as the words remain unspoken, there’s plausible deniability. Or something along those lines. Ella spares him again, though. “That’s fair,” she says, meaning about Mary. “Understanding our own feelings can be complicated. And I can see your point about your daughter.” She checks the time. “Listen,” she says. “Our hour is up, but I think that we should meet again very soon. What’s tomorrow like for you?”
John wavers, then deliberately yawns and saves his place. “Might as well,” he says, as casually as he can. He puts the book down and reaches to switch off the light. The room is enveloped in darkness, apart from the streetlight coming in, and with it a slightly awkward silence. John tells himself not to mind it. He knows that this is uncomfortable for Sherlock: having him there without having asked or admitted that he still wants it (if he didn’t, he would have said, John knows), sharing his bed with someone, wanting him there in the first place. Of course he feels awkward. The best thing John can do for him is to smoothly overlook that part and just be there with him. For him. (Both.)
