“It was late, and you hadn’t come home. We were worried.” He still looked worried, both of them did, and it was his fault.
Tony tries to find a way home, learns the value of a dollar in 1939 and figures out how to pull his weight. Things are far from perfect, but he acknowledges they could be worse. He also finds out what Steve does for a living.
It certainly took the edge off of the near constant stream of information being poured into his brain. He fought to push it away and stay in the present. Those images and feelings wouldn’t help him understand what was happening to them, but maybe the other genius on their team could explain.
At that moment Bucky turned his head and noticed the blonde’s absence. “Hey, where’s Steve?” Tony pretended to look confused before turning his head as if looking for something.
Once he entered the tent, and Phillips noticed his presence, the Colonel ordered everyone to leave. The soldiers quickly obeyed as they scrambled off in different directions, leaving him alone with the man. Tony walked forward and took a seat across from him.
He finally felt whatever it was release him, and he bolted from the surface he’d been pinned against and ran to the corner of the room. Crouching down in an effort to hide and protect himself, he grabbed a knife from the holster at his lower back and held it in front of him. They wouldn’t do that again
“Pack your bag. You’re being moved.” The older military man told him. “Join me outside when you’ve finished. The rest of you as you were.”
“That’s gonna be fuckin’ sexy as hell to see.” Bucky said, and Tony privately agreed as he wondered just what Steve had in mind.
Silence followed his statement until Gabe said, “Wow, in that case I just wanna thank you for coming for him.”
Then, they’d arrived and gotten to tour the war-torn countryside of Europe. It had reminded Tony so much of those bombed out villages in the Middle East that he’d tried to help in his early days as Iron Man. The rubble, the looks on the faces of the people who’d had their lives destroyed, the children who had never gotten to be children because of the things they’d seen and lived through, it had all been too familiar.
The heat in his groin was becoming hard to ignore as he kept focusing on how Steve was pumping into him from behind, how Tony continued to move his tongue along Bucky’s dick as he pushed his own deeper into Bucky’s open mouth. The heat became so uncomfortable that Bucky couldn’t ignore it anymore and moved his hand down to reposition himself in his pants. The moment his fingers brushed over his erection, Bucky was forced to hold back a hiss.
To most people it would sound like a nice enough statement coming from a successful inventor meeting an unknown protégé, but Tony heard the insult. Tony was good in his
“Yes,” Tony groaned as he felt every inch of Steve stretch him open the farther down he went. He moaned when Steve’s hips connected with his ass as he bottomed out. It was all he was able to say as Bucky slid back into his mouth and began his own slow slide down.
He stood back and turned to Bucky, who had been watching the two of them. “What about you, sweetheart?” He asked as he hooked two fingers into the waistband of Bucky’s pants and pulled him against him. “What do you want tonight?”
Even to him that sounded kind of far-fetched. Medical science wouldn’t recognize asthma as a physical ailment for at least another twenty years.
Bucky looked disheartened at that idea, but nodded. “Well, we’ll nurse him back to health even if we have to tie him to the bed. The last thing we need is for him to hurt himself worse by upsetting that wound.”
Bucky remembered how that beard had felt against his skin, how it had rubbed at sensitive places. He looked at Tony’s mouth, and a fresh wave of memories came forward, making his morning wood worse. God, the things Tony had done to him, and the things he’d done with that mouth were beyond description. Tony clearly had a lot of experience in bed. And with men. And more than one man at a time according to Tony.
“So, Buck,” Steve said, “are you going to actually introduce me and Tony to your pals, or do I have to pull rank?”
Bucky’s voice broke as his eyes watered. “It’s not a crime to want the pain to stop. I can’t believe that, not for you or me. We’ve been through so much, Stevie, but we’re still here. Somehow, we both made it through everything to get here, and I need you to…” Bucky panted as his own tears fell, “I need you to promise me that you’ll remember that. Not wanting to live is not the same as killing yourself. Everyone reaches the point where they’ve had enough, but that doesn’t mean you should give up, Steve. You never have, and despite whatever you think of yourself, you never will. So don’t give up on Tony. Yes, he needs us, and we need him, but I have to believe that he is strong enough to keep going, keep trying. I have to believe that, and so do you. So stop taking the blame for the entire world and remember that even if it ends tomorrow, you are just one man who is allowed to be human.”
Tony would admit that the fact that they both made it to the ground without being shot out of the sky was amazing. Well, they technically both got caught up in the trees, but it was easy enough to get themselves down.
It was the most honest he’d ever heard his father speak when he wasn’t hurling insults Tony’s way. Tony didn’t know how to feel so he just took a sip of his beer.
Tony listened as Bucky vented his fear of Steve going to war, trying to persuade him to stay and find some other way to help. Steve, of course, was having none of it. While the two continued their argument, Tony saw Erskine slowly moving forward as he tried to eavesdrop on the younger men. Tony hoped he liked what he was hearing
Steve always wanted more, Tony thought adoringly. He was never satisfied. Always wanting it harder, faster, deeper. His beautiful lover made of steel and a fiery will.
He was just a boy, barely eighteen maybe. His blonde hair was stained red as his head lay in a puddle of bloody gore. His remaining blue eye was sightless as it stared blankly at the tree limbs above them. Bucky remembered thinking that he’d looked so much like Steve, but not really like Steve. He wondered if the boy had family that would miss him. He wondered if he had been as scared as Bucky. Then, he remembered the way the boy had been charging at him when he believed Bucky was vulnerable reloading his gun.
Tony just stood rooted to the spot as he watched a young version of his father casually converse with the good doctor. It was the most surreal moment of his life, and that was saying something. He couldn’t do this. He didn’t want to do this, to watch Howard be this version of himself. He had been witness to it all his life.
“Considering how he was slurring his words after he returned, I’m thinking he had more than one drink.” Tony grinned. “I also charmed one of the girls at the bond’s table to tell me how the evening went, and she said it was a big success. You helped raise a lot of money tonight, baby.”
“Right.” He said, looking out to them. “We need to get the worst of the wounded seen to. After that, any man who isn’t fit to walk should be loaded into the vehicles we have. The rest of us will just have to walk. Find whatever supplies and gear anyone managed to grab and take inventory. Look in the trucks and tanks as well. We got at least a day’s march ahead of us, so we need to be smart about what we use. I want every man assigned to their own group with a man in charge ready to account for their needs. Find out who we have here and what their skill set is, then assign them accordingly. I don’t want an able-bodied gunner driving a truck. We’ll need teams to flank the trucks with the injured as well as another watching our rear. Once that’s done, we need to move out quickly. There’s thirty miles between us and friendly territory, and I’m not foolish enough to believe the German’s won’t be coming to see what happened to their factory.”
“This thing’s pretty handy,” Steve said quietly to himself before he jumped from the truck, and Tony followed him along the side of a building to a yard that was filled with, thankfully, empty tanks and vehicles. Bright beams lit the massive compound as they maneuvered their way between the vehicles before running to the far side where they climbed the outside of a tank to get atop a long building.
“Seriously, what the hell is going on here?” Clint asked. “Is this because of Stark? Are all those new memories making you two…um, cuddly?” He gestured with his hands at Bucky’s head still resting on Steve’s lap.
“That’s right,” Tony’s breath ghosted against his face as he held himself above Steve’s body to watch him fall apart. His arm between them pumping fingers into Steve. “You want it so bad don’t you? I could just hold my hand here, and you’d fuck yourself on my fingers, wouldn’t you?”
As he wondered through the hotel where Steve had been sent to stay by Senator Whatever, Tony thought back on the past few hours. He’d been dismissed by Philips as an army consultant. It wasn’t surprising since Erskine was gone, the project was over, and the man had never wanted Tony there in the first place. That was fine. Tony didn’t need their money. He’d been saving for this moment for over two years.
“It’s more of a curse than blessing, really.” Tony said, uncharacteristically humble. “My mind never stops, and I have almost no natural social skills, I’ve had to learn to fake my way through those for most of my life. I’m also told it’s made me narcissistic, and that I don’t play well with others.” He chuckled.
Tony took one step toward Howard, and his voice became a deadly sheet of thin ice, waiting for Howard to take a misstep and fall through. “Or you can go home, lay your pretentious ass down on your big feather bed, and go to sleep. But know this, Howard. If anything happens to jeopardize the safety of the man we use this on, it will be the
“A soulless machine doesn’t spare or save the people they are told to kill.” Steve smiled softly. “When we moved into the tower, you said you knew I was hurting but didn’t know why. A lack of understanding doesn’t change the fact that my pain bothered you. It bothered you enough to try. You ran with me and talked to me. You read books I suggested and discussed them with me. You let me bring you to the VA even when it made you uncomfortable, and it was all because you were trying. Someone without a soul doesn’t try to be a better person.”
Tony tongued at the head, tasting pre-come while he worked into and around the slit as Bucky moaned. As Tony gently sucked and relaxed his jaw, and Bucky pushed farther into his mouth, Steve came around to settle between Tony’s legs.
Steve was watching Tony work while softly stroking Bucky’s hair, who was speaking in desperate, choked off sentences against his arm. “Unh, yes…God it’s so good, Tony….Please, more…Fuucckk…”
“Believe me, Steve,” Tony said, breaking his own rule and showing how stressed he was with that slip, “I am not worried about myself.”
James was the one who answered the door looking freshly showered and wearing his signature white tank and a pair of clean, but worn, trousers. “Tony! Thank God, we were worried as hell.” He moved aside to let Tony pass into the apartment.
A lot of important character moments the movie didn't seem to have time for. The future Commandos meet Steve and Tony. Colonel Phillips calls Tony in for a meeting. What happens when Tony tags along throughout the aftermath of the escape from the HYDRA facility. In the present, changes are noticed, and Bucky takes a walk down memory lane.
you’ve been telling us about.” Howard wasn’t even trying to cover his disdain as he looked Tony up and down, clearly finding what he saw unimpressive.
“You know the rules, baby.” Tony scolded as he knelt over him. “If you want to ask me for something, use your manners.”
“I’m kinda greedy, though. I think I’m gonna want it a lot of ways.” He twisted his hands on the upstrokes and slid a thumb over each of their slits. Steve hissed as Bucky’s hips jerked.
Christmas had been as lovely as ever. Their traditional meal was served for lunch, and Tony shamelessly exploited every sprig of mistletoe that hung from their ceiling. It would be taken down soon, and he didn’t want to feel like any opportunity had been missed. Especially since Bucky would be leaving in a few weeks for training. Tony had not been at all OK when that letter to report had arrived, but they had gotten through it together.
you here. We just know it can’t be fun for you sleeping on a couch and sharing a tiny space with us.” Bucky nodded along with Steve’s words.
“I have met other men with similar problems.” Abraham said as he studied Tony closely. “It’s usually a sign of brilliance.”
Steve could see now that Tony was leading them to a set of tents that were assembled farther away from the rest of the camp. He could see soldiers moving between the tents and jeeps that seemed abuzz with activity. Then, between them and the tents, Steve saw a familiar feminine figure talking with one of the men.
Bucky moaned against his rim, the pleasure of the new sensation caused Tony’s tongue to pause for a moment too long. Steve’s hand came down even harder this time in in two quick smacks at almost the same spot as before, and Tony almost choked from the sudden sting of it. The feeling was delicious, and the mild burn of it centered him.
It was Tony’s turn to be uncertain. “I’ve interrupted your lives and taken over half of your home. I know I’m not the easiest person to live with, to be around. I’m pretty sure I have that in writing somewhere.”
“Yes, there Stevie. God, you’re hands always feel so good.” And oh, Tony recognized that voice. That was his sex voice. But what the hell? They weren’t…
“Well, that’s definitely something we can do when you feel like taking a step back and watching us together for a while.” Tony agreed. “You could even tell us what to do while you watch, like your own private little show you get to direct. I’d love to follow your orders, beautiful.”
When he met Bucky’s eyes, he knew he hadn’t spotted his friend either. It was odd that Steve would leave without signaling to one of them, and Tony felt a seed of worry begin to take root.
It was then that he registered the warm bodies on either side of him, and it all came rushing back. He was in bed with Steve and Bucky. He’d gotten injured. The events of the previous day snowballing behind his eyelids as he remembered exactly why he was here, cuddled between his roommates. Now that he knew their secret, it felt wrong to be here in the middle.
When Bucky talks about being sent to those places or an institution, he is talking about a mental hospital, which did happen because homosexuality was seen as a "curable disease". Some of the wonderful treatments they provided to their lucky patients could include lobotomies, electroshock and castration among other things. The Great Depression brought with it a resurgence of conservitism, and by the late 1930s to early 1940s homosexuals could be basically imprisoned in these facilities with the promise that they wouldn't be released until they were better. Their treatment was often inhumane, and they would suffer physically and mentally at the hands of their "healers".
It's the morning after. How are our boys feeling now that everything has come into the open? And what's next in this new relationship? There's breakfast with the promise of an important discussion. Bucky tries to learn to accept some things about himself. Steve starts to take a look at his own preferences and the possibilties now available to him with Tony. But nothing is ever perfect, and there may be an unforseen consequence to their shared night together. Tony is NOT having that as the darker side of his nature resurfaces. Later on, the boys learn some new things, including that Tony doesn't fit in a box with a label.
) had introduced them to. He remembered forcing himself to answer the first question about the songs he liked.
“How do you know so much about wine, Tony?” Steve asked, his lips quirked up in a languid smile. Someone was feeling good.
“Tony,” Bucky looked angry, but it was the kind of anger a person feels when they were scared. “He could ruin us. Even if he didn’t make a case about it and tried to have us commited, he could ruin us in this neighborhood.”
“I know. You never worry about yourself, but you’re gonna tap a hole in the floorboards at this rate, Tony.” Steve told him kindly.
“What does Howard have to do with this?” Steve asked, and Tony wanted to roll his eyes that Steve was already on a first name basis with the man.
“I’ve already told you, Tony,” Abrams said, sounding exasperated, “you have multiple fractures and…”
From behind what could only be described as an army green space coffin, a man wearing a welder’s mask lifted his head. Tony watched as the blow torch the man held was extinguished, and the mask was flipped up to reveal his features.
The men happily agreed as they picked up their bags and began following after Bucky’s showier partner. The hotel Tony ended up choosing was nice, like really nice compared to what most of them were used to, Bucky included but at least he’d learned to take these things in stride. It was also not too far from the pub Dugan had suggested. They could carry him that far. Well, Steve would probably end up being the one who carried him. He’d wanted those muscles, so Bucky was going to let him use them.
He was readying himself for the protests, the exclamations on how it was too much that would turn into sincere gratitude. What he wasn’t ready for was Steve, who just crossed the room, sat next to Tony and threw his arms around him in a hug. Now it was Tony who looked floored. He was so touched but unsure of what to do with the affection that he went to look to Bucky for help. He was surprised again when Bucky wrapped him in another hug from the other side.
“Would you like some water, or something?” Steve asked as he fought with the lock that appeared to be sticking. Finally, the key twisted fully, and Steve turned the knob.
Tony eyed Steve’s straining dick then looked up to his face. “Go on, beautiful, show me how you like it.”
Tony watched Steve prepare his jump then turned to Carter, “See you soon, Agent!” He looked back over his shoulder and yelled, “Miss you already, Howard!”
As Tony was forced to watch from the shadows and bite his tongue at the verbal berating Steve had been enduring for the last hour, the blonde was stumbling through yet another apology.
“Are you finally going to tell me what’s wrong, Tony?” Steve asked. They stood in the shadowed side of a building away from everyone in the group where Tony knew they couldn’t be seen.
“I’m teachin’ dance classes at the community center!” Bucky said through his grin. “They’re gonna pay me to dance!”
Gathering himself, Tony put on his business face. Cool and confident he walked to the arch of the front doors, lifted his hand and knocked. The sound was heavy and seemed to echo through his bones. Nothing happened. Tony knocked again and waited…and waited. Tony grabbed the knob and turned it over. The door swung open silently.
“Then what’s with the blush?” Tony teased. He knew he shouldn’t, but he couldn’t resist. This blushing pre-serum Steve was just about the cutest thing he’d ever seen. Even cuter than sleepy, bedhead Steve.
Steve pounded on the punching bag in the gym on the training floor of the tower. It gave him something to focus on as memories flashed behind his eyes and settled into place. Over four months of new memories had written themselves into his mind. When this began, Steve couldn’t help but feel a little cheated. He had already lost so much, and now he was losing pieces of his life for every day that Tony was in the past. He could barely remember the way things should have been.
“I know,” he said easily, “but I wanted to. It’s been a tough year. For all of us. And I never had the Christmas thing growing up. I think I spent less than five actual holidays with my parents so I wanted this. I get to eat and sing songs and celebrate with my friends. It’s really very selfish me when you think about it.”
“He sure is,” Bucky agreed while Steve nodded. “Tony’s tops. Tonight was his idea, and he wouldn’t tell us where we were goin’.” He was looking around the little parlor with a wide eyed appreciation. “You have a beautiful place here, Mr. Martinelli.”
Tony knew he couldn’t evade the question. He couldn’t even run out the door because Steve was on his fucking lap. Yeah, the blonde had planned this.
But James was crossing over to his best friend, Tony all but forgotten, he grabbed at Steve’s jaw. “Dammit! Can’t you walk out the house without gettin’ a beating?”
“And you think that bothers us?” Steve asked incredulously. “Yes, I’ll admit that a lot of it shocked the hell out of us, but Tony, we were really only worried about
“He’s good at getting things done,” Steve said thoughtfully as he saw Bucky’s group of friends make their way towards them.
Crap, Bucky felt awful for that. “I’m sorry.” And he was. Any officer worth their rank felt responsible for the men under him.
“Maybe I’m here because Doctor Erskine knew I wouldn’t just nod my head like a sycophant and kiss your ass.” Tony answered. “Maybe they needed someone more down to earth to remind you that no one is perfect, and there’s more on the line here than your reputation and legacy of being the best. It’s a widely known fact that many of the smartest people in history didn’t have the common sense most people are born with.”
Tony finally nodded, and Steve watched as his hand also grabbed the rope. He wrapped his other arm around Bucky, who wrapped his lower legs around Tony’s as his free hand did the same to his shoulders. They jumped off, and Steve watched the rope dip even as it held their weight on the way over to him. At the last moment, Tony turned them so that his body was the one that struck the edge of the walkway instead of Bucky. Their hands were still suspended over them to the railing, and Steve hurried to grab them both and pull them up. Steve wanted to check if Tony was alright after the weighted impact, but the other man just shrugged him off and urged them to move.
He poured some water from the pitcher into the first glass and gave it to Bucky, who murmured his thanks and took it from him. He filled the next glass, placed the pitcher on the floor next to bed, and crawled over to Tony. Tony tiredly lifted his head from it’s hanging position, getting a little dizzy from the change in blood flow. Steve cradled the back of his head with his other hand as Tony gratefully drank down the contents of the glass.
Steve felt his throat squeeze tight. That was Bucky, Brooklyn drawl and everything. He forced himself to reign in the emotions that flooded him. Bucky reopened his eyes, and the familiar blankness was still there. Nothing on the surface had changed.
“It’s really not a problem,” Tony told him honestly as they both stood to their feet. “Hell, it may have been my fault. I was lost in my own head, too. Plus, I’m not really from around here.”
story. The pain and anger of his gathered friends galvanized Tony. This was real, and it was only the beginning.
Louise agreed easily enough. Maybe she’d expected her date with an older man would include health problems, or she was just being nice. Tony couldn’t tell. In all honesty he felt fine, he just didn’t want Steve to be alone.
Tony came up behind him then, and Bucky found himself surrounded by his partners. He let himself relax into their arms, having missed this. His time with Tony earlier today had been cleansing as it healed the lonely, hurt parts of him, but having them both here was everything. It had been so long since all three were together and alone with the freedom to be themselves.
Tony didn’t want Steve to think he was pitying him because he wasn’t. He’d just rather keep Steve company than dance with Louise, and that realization made his stomach drop. Louise was beautiful in her own way. Soft and graceful, funny and kind, he should want to be holding her on the dance floor. He should be flirting and making her laugh that cute giggle of hers, but he didn’t really want to. Not enough to leave Steve, anyways.
Tony smiled. “Thanks to my new field promotion, you’re looking at Corporal Anthony Sutton, Tech Specialist and Engineer.”
Tony remembered the day after Christmas. He’d stayed home to install the washing machine, having never gotten to it the day before, and watched as Steve broke in his new set of pencils. He even drew a picture of Tony working on the floor next to the new appliance, sleeves rolled up and a wrench in his hand. Tony was going to buy a frame for it.
He felt the eyes of his friends and the other prisoners on him as he was led away. They’d taught him what to do in this situation at army training, tell them nothing but your name, rank and service number. Bucky couldn’t believe he was here now. As they pushed him through that metal doorway, and he heard the ominous clang as it closed, Bucky felt a tear fall.
“He’s our teammate,” Steve countered, but Bucky noticed that Steve did not correct him about Barton being an ass. “You can’t just shoot his phone if he annoys you. Use your words.”
“Whatcha working on, Steve?” Tony was curious. He’d seen a few of Steve’s sketches at the tower. They were usually the city skyline, people at the park or different team members captured in a real life moment. They were always realistic, captivating. Steve had a lot of talent.
Steve’s eyes narrowed even as his toes curled when Tony squeezed around him again. “Stop pushing your luck and ride me.”
Tony was speaking again, and a chill went up Bucky’s spine as Tony said he’d been holding back because Bucky believed it. The relative ease that Tony had taken them down with, and the calm detachment on Tony’s face that warred with the cold fury throughout most of the conversation spoke volumes as to what he was capable of.
“Then whoever said that was talkin’ out their ass.” Bucky finally spoke. “These past two and a half months have been fun. You’re fun to be around Tony. Most days I couldn’t wait to come home and hear some of the crazy stories you come up with or some of the dirtiest jokes I’ve ever heard. And listen to you talk about the books you’ve been readin’ or the places you’ve been.”
Tony continued, “You’ve proven them wrong by living this long. You made them eat their words at basic training when you completed the program, and you sure as hell showed them when you survived Rebirth today. I’m not gonna lie, Steve. This will be hard. You’ll have to swallow your pride and smile as you do it. You’ll be seen as a symbol instead of a person, and there will be some assholes who call you a joke. But I promise, Steve, I promise you will get your chance.”
Tony smiled, probably guessing that Steve was reacting to the suggestion, however, his face turned more serious after a moment. “But you never confirmed what I suggested before. Last night when I said you were versatile, that was an assumption. Do you want to switch roles at some point? Is there something that you want try?”
“What, it’s true!” Tony said, catching his breath. “Steve did all the work. I was just there to make sure he didn’t step on a landmine. And oh yeah, you were fucking captured, so of course I tagged along!”
“Why do you both keep saying that?” Tony asked knowing exactly why they could think him capable of it. “Of course I didn’t kill him!”
He wondered if Steve wanted to have his relationship with Tony again once the older man returned. That thought made Bucky pause. Was Tony still older than them? Bucky guessed that depended on how long Tony’s been in the past. Their minds were still getting new memories of the events so Bucky knew time was moving for Tony. Still, he wondered about Steve and the other man. What would it be like to watch them as a couple?
He felt Tony’s hands begin to pull the bottom of his shirt from his pants, and as the pads of those calloused fingers brushed along his bare skin, Steve shivered and clenched his hands.
Bucky shrugged, looking slightly puzzled. “Well, he is.” He said as if it was obvious. “And there is no corpse, so he might be alive.”
“He’s still Steve,” Tony reminded him as he carded his fingers through Bucky’s now clean hair. Tony could remember how wonderful it had felt to finally be clean after his months in the cave, and he knew Bucky and the other men had felt the same. “His body is different, sure, but he’s still Steve.”
“When you went to the enlistment office.” It wasn’t a question, but of course, Tony wasn’t stupid. What else could have happened to Steve that he’d want to talk about from that night?
He’d felt a little more than hypocritical when he’d been trying to talk Steve into a better headspace. What the hell did he know about being mentally healthy? Still, he’d meant what he’d said. Steve was carrying around too much on his shoulders, and even he wasn’t strong enough to do that forever. If they didn’t find a way to get Tony back…
“Could you…” He forced the words from his mouth even though he already knew the answer he’d get. “Could you let me inside, JARVIS?”
Tony felt a familiar fury settle in him as he stared the man down. His voice was even colder as he continued.
Steve’s face looked kinder as he grabbed Tony’s numb hand to stop his rubbing and said, “We’re both worried about him, Tony, but you can’t let yourself go down this road. Yeah, it scares me not knowin' where he is or if he’s safe, but you’ll drive yourself crazy if you keep thinkin' that. Bucky promised to stay safe, and we need to trust that.”
“I’ve had a few sweethearts, but I’m still looking for that one, ya know?” Gabe told them. “Always doing anything I can think of to impress the girls to help my chances. There’s this girl who worked as a waitress in a jazz club back home. She was something special. If I make it back, I’d like to find her again. She had the prettiest smile I ever saw.”
“You need to lose that accent. You’re supposed to be Captain America, not Captain Brooklyn. This show is going to travel all over the country, and we don’t need you sounding like some Irish punk from the street. Get rid of the drawl and remember that a lot of words end in G.”
As they ran along the roof towards the main complex, Tony got its dimensional reading and was struck by its massive size and ominous appearance. It was like a modern-day Black Gate of Mordor. They finally found their way to a hatch that let them inside the building. They moved along until they found another door. Through its opaque window they could see the silhouette of the factory floor behind it along with a guard.
Bucky’s chest warmed. He loved the affectionate name Tony had given him, like when Steve called him love. It made him feel special.
Steve was momentarily stunned that, somehow, he’d found himself in command of this group. His surprise was mirrored by Bucky’s, who asked, “Captain? Steve, what the hell did you do?”
He tasted like peppermint and felt so good leaning up against Tony. He deepened the kiss, sucking Steve’s tongue as he closed the last of the space between their hips. He could feel Steve growing hard against his thigh, and he gently pushed against it adding friction. Steve moaned into his mouth.
Tony took his wet fingers and moved them down Steve’s body to rub them along his hole as the other hand smeared pre-come around his shaft, easing the sliding motion along his dick and foreskin. “So ready to serve, aren’t you?” Tony continued as he pushed a finger into Steve.
Steve nodded as Bucky absorbed a lot of new words from those few sentences. He finally said, “I like that, equal and together.” It had a nice ring to it.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up because it was rare that he was called out on his bullshit. Though, he grudgingly admitted that it was usually Steve who did it.
Tony also now had a routine, and his work was steadily increasing. It turns out that there were a lot of people around the neighborhood that had broken or faulty appliances, even a few cars, but couldn’t really afford the repair costs of a professional handyman or mechanic. Tony offered a discounted rate but quickly made up the difference with the numbers of jobs he got. And word was spreading.
Tony's issues with being x-rayed were justified. X-ray imagery was dangerous when it was being established. The long list of brilliant and talented people who died during their research and work with the technology is proof of that. I'm talking horror stories, guys. Like cancer that grew so violently that both arms were amputated in a failed attempt to save their life, horror stories. And while it was safer by the time in our story, it was far from perfect, and Tony has issues with outdated tech on his best days. Also, the plaster casts would have been very heavy and debilitating, so Tony's sense of panic is understandable. How can you escape from danger when you're basically covered in stone?
Steve looked at his friend. Besides being slightly less cranky, Bucky didn’t really have anything to say about any of this. Granted, it’s not like Steve was volunteering much either. He looked back to Bruce.
It didn’t know alright. What was it supposed to alright? It wished they would debrief it on alright.
As you know from last chapter, our sweet boy finally embraced his memories, and I foreshadowed that Bucky expected this to bring new emotions and realizations for both of them. Let's see if he was right.
Steve laughed lightly. “I was rememberin’ when we were kids. Do you remember wantin’ to go to space?”
So, a happier note to end on this chapter. Tony is not OK, but he is finally acknowledging this and will have the help of his boys to work through this. He just needs to hold on to hope. Yeah....
Tony nodded. “That's the one. He came and found me yesterday, told me he was having problems and wanted to know if I could fix it.” He shrugged. “I love a challenge.”
Steve covered his face with his hands, but Tony could see his shoulders shaking with laughter. Steve finally recovered enough to lower his hands and look at Tony. “How do you always know how to make me feel better?”
“Oh, I’d love to,” Tony teased, “but I’m waiting on a pretty little blonde to meet me here. I promised an evening out together, but,” Tony slowly ran his eyes down Bucky’s body, “maybe you’d like to join us?”
From his left Natasha spoke. “We just don’t want you to think it bothers us in any way. You didn’t, and still don’t, owe us any explanations on your personal lives, both together or with Tony. We just want you to be happy.”
He was dressed in a tux and freaking top hat. He sauntered across the stage, handing his hat to one of the girls who kissed him before giving him a microphone. Tony was grudgingly reminded of himself before Howard launched into his spiel about how very soon cars wouldn’t even need to touch the ground.
Yep, his new reality wasn’t bad at all, Tony thought as he bounded up the stairs of their building. When he walked into the apartment, he saw the two boys were in their usual seats on the couch and armchair.
Tony didn’t hesitate as he sassed back, “Then I will kick that guy out before the ink is dry on his papers and never let you forget it.” He grabbed the older man’s shoulder. “Seriously, Doc, from everything I remember hearing about this, when you see him and hear him, you’ll know.”
“Yes, please,” Bucky whispered. Tony figured he had to be desperate for some relief right about now after the rimming he’d just given Tony. His cock was straining in front of him, the tip deep red and wet.
“They don’t even know how much was actually destroyed,” Mr. McCarthy who ran the deli added angrily. “Or how many civilians were casualties. Fucking Bastards!”
Steve loved the movies. Out of the three of them, Steve was the one who could happily go and see every film playing, even by himself. He usually did just that when he was waiting for Tony and Bucky to finish their workday. “What was he goin’ see again?”
Keeping the rhythm of his hand on Bucky, he reached his other hand to circle Steve. “Fuck, baby boy, I can’t believe you hid this from me.” And he began jerking him at the same tempo as he was doing to Bucky. “I don’t know if I could’ve resisted getting this in my mouth.”
This time Tony caught the arm just at the wrist and twisted while kicking the back of Joe’s calf, making him fall hard on his knees. Tony kept his right hand tightly locked around the wrist while his left hand grabbed the shoulder in a vice grip.
You guys are great. Thank you for continuing this journey with me. Next post within a week. I promise.
Steve picked up a clip filled with the strange blue light that now looked far too familiar to Tony. “What the hell?” Steve whispered as he held it before putting it in one of his pockets.
They found a booth and sat down. Erskine laid his papers and journals across the top of the table. “In my attempt to avoid missing my work, I simply created another problem to keep me from it.”
Bucky watched as the lockdown was removed once again for him. The opaque glass became clear, the door opened with a small hiss, and Bucky walked into the lab.
It had been weeks since he’d arrived. The training was grueling work, and Steve was barely holding on. Between his poor health, breathing problems and small stature it was all he could do not to get thrown out. He knew Colonel Philips along with almost everyone else didn’t want him here. Well, that was just too damn bad. He was here, and he wasn’t going to give them the satisfaction of leaving.
Steve, looking embarrassed, slowly rose unsteadily to his feet. He motioned to the bathroom awkwardly and mumbled about a shower before he made his way quick and quiet out of the room. The second the door closed, Tony palmed himself through his pants. The sweet friction felt too good on his straining dick, and it wasn’t long before he was biting down on his lip as he came in his pants like a teenager.
“Sorry,” he croaked. His voice sounded like shit, so he cleared his throat and tried again. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you. Didn’t remember my injuries until I tried to stretch. Not a fun way to wake up.”
“It was a hell of a secret,” Tony chuckled. “One that would have definitely cost him his marriage and good health.  He’d have been lucky if Mr. Ryan didn’t kill him.”
The closest he could come to explaining it to himself was that he only felt real with Steve and Bucky, like he was a ghost, and they were the only one’s able to see him. Or maybe everyone else was a ghost. It didn’t matter, he supposed. This weird detachment to the world around him was the least of his worries. It had finally arrived, the night of the expo.
“Yeah,” Bucky said as he smiled softly. “It was the happiest we’d seen you in weeks. You said you met an actual scientist and talked with him over lunch and coffee.”
“It’s one of his charms,” Bucky grinned before becoming more serious. “I don’t think he planned to fall for us, though. It probably ate at him somethin’ fierce before he found out we felt the same.”
Thor had been quiet the entire time, listening to everything being said but voicing none of his thoughts.
I will try to have the next chapter up by Sunday, which I am excited/nervous about because it's probably my favorite chapter so far. Wishing all of you nothing but the best!
“Where I’m needed,” Tony told him. “Look, you said it yourself. HYDRA is the main objective for the SSR. Captain Rogers and whoever goes with him are going to encounter technology they won’t understand. That technology will be the latest in line of whatever Schmidt’s scientists are coming up with. Someone should be there who has a better chance of understanding it. Even if it’s being destroyed, don’t you want the most accurate report you can get when they return?”
Bucky looked at the room that had come to mean so much to him, but the most important thing was missing. He walked along the tables and gently touched the tools and metal pieces. He picked up the Professor Utonium coffee mug and smiled as he remembered Tony telling Clint that DUM-E had broken it. That lovable liar, but Bucky knew he never lied about the important things.
Steve drew in a steadying breath as Bucky did the same. After a few more calming inhales, Steve finally spoke. “I almost forgot you could do that.”
“I could also swear,” Tony continued, “that I know your wife is sick to death of you. We both know you don’t deserve her. I think this would be the final straw for her. After all, she has friends at work that she could stay with. I’ve heard them remind her of that. Several times. It would be so much easier for her splitting rent with someone who would support themselves.”
Tony knew the exact moment when Steve’s tongue made contact with Bucky. The gorgeous brunet moaned softly and shifted back against Steve’s face, already wanting more. Tony almost wished he could sit back and watch, telling Steve how he wanted Bucky to get off, but that wasn’t the point of this.
“The man’s an ass, Steve!” Tony huffed, using one of Bucky’s favorite phrases. He shut his eyes against the annoying light the lamp was assaulting him with. Aahh, that was better. The darkness was just what his migraine ordered.
Steve cleared his throat. “I, uh, I like both too. I mean I usually top?” He said the word like he wasn’t too familiar with the term. “But what I like best is givin’ Bucky what he wants.” He shrugged, blushing. “I like feeling useful.”
Bucky began moving toward him, walking fast, and Steve rushed to meet him in the middle of the room. Steve hesitated when he stood before him, looking unsure of what to do or if he should touch him, but Bucky reached out and wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist and buried his face in the blonde’s neck, shuddering when he felt Steve’s arms wrap around him and return the embrace.
“We’re going to be alright.” Tony continued to say, rubbing his thumb along the younger man’s throat to keep soothing the frayed nerves he still sensed under the surface. “I’ve been working more than ever. It seems as though the good folk of Brooklyn can’t get enough of me,” he said pompously and earned a watery chuckle from them. “The only downside is that I won’t be able to get my own place soon, so I guess you’re both stuck with me a little while longer,” he joked.
“You know that thing we agreed not to do?” Bucky asked, shrugging awkwardly. “Well, I kinda did it anyway.”
They had almost made it to the end of the new hallway when alarms started blaring throughout the building.
“Well, they need to have their eyes checked,” Tony chuckled, slightly giddy from hearing Steve curse so casually. Steve looked him, seeming grateful at the compliment, the confidence that he could take care of himself.
Bucky smiled sadly at this. “Well, we don’t have to uphold high standards here, but we can happily afford that luxury. If you need help, ask for it.”
Steve finally got the girl, kind of. And gasp! Steve and Bucky are together? Who could have seen that coming? Those sneaky boys. This may seem like a step back for Tony with the pining and angst, but like I said in the beginning, this needed to happen for other realizations to be made.
As Steve reopened his eyes and looked down to meet Tony’s, something he was still not used to, Tony smiled and began unbuttoning his shirt. Tony gave him small kisses as he worked the clothing open and off of him. The pants were the next to go as Tony continued his kisses on Steve’s jaw, always returning to his lips.
When Steve was sure he was satisfied, he filled a glass for himself and drained it. He got back up to return the used glasses and pitcher to dresser and brought back two damp towels. He really had planned everything. He wiped at Bucky’s sweaty skin, before he used the other towel to clean Tony’s face. He then gently wiped off the mess on his stomach and between his legs.
for over two months now in combat techniques that were not taught in basic training. He’d told Steve it would be good for his body to have scheduled exercise, and he had been right. Steve had loved the training exercises.
Thus, the team was assembled. It had been a rocky start. All of them had issues. Some more than others, but they dealt with it. Things were going much better than when they’d first worked together and had been about two minutes away from spilling blood. They worked well together, but everyday interaction was a toss-up sometimes. So many variables.
Suddenly, Steve’s fingers were gone, and Bucky pulled back so that only the tip of his dick still remained in Tony’s mouth.
Anthony Stark looked sad again. It didn’t know why. When he spoke again, it was still softly. “We want you to
One of Tony’s hands released Steve’s hip to move higher and gently squeeze around his throat. Steve choked, and Tony watched as his eyes rolled back in pleasure from grip around his airway. Steve loved being choked (which was ironic for an asthmatic). For some reason during sex, he loved the threat of being unable to breathe. Tony felt him swallow tightly beneath his fingers as he continued fucking him.
If a worker became too weak or sick to be useful, they were disposed of. Bucky had first seen it when a man had fallen over while working and couldn’t get back to his feet. The guard had struck him. When he didn’t get up or defend himself, he was killed right there in front of everyone. The message was clear, you had to stay strong enough to be useful.
He turned to leave, and Tony moved to follow him, but he couldn’t resist one more last jab. As he walked, Tony looked back and called out, “It was really great to meet you, Howard. I can’t wait to work with you. Maybe later after my coffee I can come back and help with those faraday cages. You know, one repairman helping another.”
Tony didn’t think he could be loved. But Steve loved him. And Bucky loved him. They may not be able to tell him the whole truth of it, but they would sure as hell show him in the ways they could.
want to be with us? What would he say if he found out about me? About the things I want? The thought of havin’ him then losing him is worse than never havin’ him at all.”
The stretch was a little different, which made him think it was Steve. His hands were bigger now, but in a very satisfying way. He was proven right about the finger being Steve’s when he felt bearded kisses being trailed along his upper back and shoulders. The soft scratch was unbelievably good when combined with the blissful throb of his recently tended muscles. Another mouth was added to his lower back as he felt another finger enter him. Bucky moaned. He’d missed this. It was where he was meant to be, laid out and open between them.
Tony swallowed his mouthful of pasta. “Not much. Helped Steve around the house. Didn’t disfigure my face with a straight razor. Learned how to not burn spaghetti sauce.”
There was a reason Dugan had been so worried and loyal. It was the same reason the other men had shared that worry and loyalty. Bucky had earned their respect the hard way, and Steve and Tony were not going to ruin that for him. He watched under the tree twelve feet away as Tony sat beside Bucky, took off his scarf and rolled it before handing it to the exhausted man. Bucky was shaking his head at the scarf, but Tony just lightly hit him over the head with it, and Steve heard him say, “Just use the damn scarf, tough guy.”
I love a hopeful ending! Poor Tony had to sell his favorite suit, but I think he found it was worth it to buy coffee. It's a temporary fix until he finds a job, but it's a start. Again the clothing prices were what I found while researching. Note that the amount of money he got for selling his things would normally be what he'd have to pay to buy them. But because all of Tony's things were high quality, he got more than someone else would have in his place. Eight pagers were totally a thing, and I love the thought of Steve making money by basically drawing porn.
Tony felt the nails of Steve’s other hand dig into his side while the one in his hair pulled Tony tighter against him, and he slowly began to swivel his hips. “Keep your tongue out.” He ordered, then began to use Tony’s face for his own pleasure.
Please don't hate me for Bucky. He is my sweet cinnamon roll, and I love him dearly (possibly the most), but he has lived his life uninformed of certain things like sexual preferences and kinks. Steve doesn't know about these things either, but in typical Steve fashion, he will do anything for Bucky to be happy.
After he a few panting breaths, Steve slowly managed to prop himself up on his elbows and knees, ready to keep up with whatever Tony did next.
“Tony, what is that?” He asked with equal parts curiosity and caution. “You didn’t buy anything else, did you?”
Tony kissed him to stop this unnecessary stream of self-doubt. He put as much passion into it as his exhaustion allowed. When he finally broke away from the kiss, he didn’t go far as he rested his forehead against Steve’s, sharing his breath with him.
For a moment Steve thought he was having an asthma attack. He couldn’t breathe through the pain in his chest. Part of the audience had been the 107th? And Steve knew that Bucky hadn’t been among them because if he had, he would have found Steve and Tony.
“You two are so beautiful,” Tony told them as he quickly put his own condom on and slicked himself up. “So fucking sexy,” he said truthfully.
After they’d paid for as much of the meal that Francesco would allow and tipped Gianetta, they told their friends goodbye and headed home. When they finally returned to their apartment, they shed their clothes and spent the rest of the night passionately reminding each other of their love.
I'm so sorry for the delay in posting. A lot happened in the past few weeks. A hurricane caused flooding and power outages to the area I live in. Nothing was damaged thankfully, but it was a pain nonetheless. My ex decided to make my life a living hell during one of his manic episodes, so I left the state for the first vacation I've had in ten years. A week in Florida was just what I needed to help shake off the funk of the last month.
“Well, Mr. Stark, to what do we owe this pleasure today that you have decided to grace us with your presence?” Colonel Philips voice was loud and gruff as ever as it pulled the attention of everyone in a fifteen foot radius.
Steve heard Bucky’s arm recalibrate to that answer, and yep, Bucky was definitely upset, even if he couldn’t act like it right now. It was probably a good thing they were both so drugged because the last thing they needed right now was a code green when Bucky attacked Banner.
The next chapter will post Saturday, and I mean that. I still have a lot of writing to catch up on before I go back and tweak that chapter, the infamous chapter 9. It was truly the most difficult to write by FAR because everything has been building up to it, and I had to do it justice. It was also my first time writing anything like it. Three guesses as to what happens. All I can say is your patience is about to be rewarded. Lord, have mercy.
As Bruce began a series of potential solutions to Barnes’s neurochemical imbalance, the damage between his synapses, the trigger words he still had and the possible assistance in recalling lost memories, Tony had begun a careful examination and repair of that beautiful metal arm. He had explained how he was working to get the Avengers established as a private group who could be called upon to help save the day, but wasn’t directly under the thumb of an official organization. They would be self-funded and maintained.
“Alright. Me and Steve are gonna make you feel so good. You won’t be able to think of anything else, but first I need to know what supplies we have.”
Tony remembered a few days ago when Steve had approached him after Erskine had told him about the project and asked if he knew about the procedure. When Tony confessed that he did, the blonde had sagged in relief.
As he looked around the table at his teammates, Bucky wondered if he had room for the others there too. Maybe he’d get there, someday. Bucky thought he’d like that.
“Um,” Steve looked at him nonplussed, “real good, actually. He bought all eight of them. Three for a check each and five for two each. Tony,” he continued uncertainly, “what are ya doin’?”
Bucky was intrigued. That couldn’t be good, could it? He began his own experiment as Steve answered, “Gabe was a musician. There were a few times he’d borrow a horn from a performer at a pub we were visiting, and he’d play for the crowd. He said he didn’t want to get too out of practice before he returned home. He used play in jazz clubs sometimes before the war. He was really good.”
Tony opened his mouth to say that Bucky could walk around without his shirt more often, but caught himself just in time. Yeah, that probably wouldn’t be taken very well, and Bucky would end up giving him a black eye for Christmas.
Tony was getting pretty well known around the neighborhood, hell through most of the borough really. It wasn’t surprising that she knew him, but as he looked at her he realized he’d seen her around a lot. She must live nearby if she was in the local store.
Tony listened to their spoken thoughts. They were only half listening to each other. He figured they were just trying to process what they were feeling by saying it aloud.
we know, isn’t it? Everyone has a different point of view.” Tony said, and the man looked to interrupt so Tony just raised his voice a little and continued straight on through. “I mean, I could swear that I know that you,” he pointed at Byrne, “are fucking the butcher’s wife while your own wife is hard at work supporting your sorry ass.”
”As I’ve said, sex doesn’t define a person, and your submission is a choice. You are choosing that role during that session of sex, that scene. Understand?”
He could see how easily it could have happened, and Steve wouldn’t have known what to do. He might have hurt Bucky unintentionally. Bucky could have done that floating thing and freaked Steve out because he wouldn’t have known what was going on. Then he might not have been able to give Bucky what he’d needed because he would have been panicking when it was his job to stay calm and soothe him.
It had been a good day. Bucky taught him to Lindy Hop the next evening. Shag and Jive dancing were taught on the following nights. Tony smiled as he remembered doing the Jive with Bucky as Cab Calloway played on the radio. All the while Steve was doing a hilarious impersonation of the singer where he stood to the side of their “dance floor” and sang into an empty soda bottle he was using as a microphone.
Bucky let out a strangled cry as Tony’s hand moved up to Bucky’s neglected cock. “Yes!” He moaned, “Please!”
“Look, I’m not here to make a bunch of promises I can’t keep.” Tony defended. “That’s what the politicians in Washington are for.” Philips grunted, and Tony took that as a win. “I’m a hell of a lot more useful and smarter than those assholes anyway, and I’m very good at what I do. I can build or fix anything. If you want proof, test me. I will pass expectations. I’m here because this war got very fucking personal for me, and I’m going to do everything I can to make sure that our soldiers lives aren’t wasted by idiots whose biggest concerns are re-election.”
, Steve knew Bucky was thinking but didn’t say. He knew it was something that Bucky secretly craved, something he hated that he craved.
“Tony Stark,” Tony mentally winced. Maybe he shouldn’t have given his real last name, but Tony was exhausted and this was all too much. “I thought he called you Buck?”
This is for all of you truly amazing people. The response to the last chapter was staggering. I was overwhelmed by the number of comments and wonderful things you took the time to write. I couldn't even finish responding to them all on my lunch hour! So this is going up as a great big thank you. Your support means the world to me.
Tony burst out laughing. “Oh, it’s just adorable that you think I was going to ride you like that until we got off.”
Tony didn’t wait long before he began to pull his hips back, ready to sink back in. His hand traveled up Steve’s thigh, moving inward until his fingers ran over his stretched rim where Bucky was deeply buried inside him and slightly moving with Tony’s slow thrusts. Steve gasped.
Thankfully, Tony was heading home a little early today, which was good because last night had been a clusterfuck for his plans. Yes, they’d had a very productive and healthy talk about their dynamic, and what they each wanted in this relationship moving forward. Not much would actually change between them. They would basically have what they’d already had with the addition of physical and romantic affection.
Jesus, Mary and Joseph, his whole body hurt. Bucky kept waiting to get used to it, but the truth was that there was no getting used to it. Each day they were pushed harder than the last, ran an extra mile, did more pushups, crawled through the mud with a heavier burden. He knew this was necessary. If Bucky stood a chance of keeping his promise to survive the war and come home to Tony and Steve, he needed to know he could handle it when things got tough. He needed to remember that this was nothing compared to what he would go through when he finally shipped out to fight.
“What are you thinkin’ bout now, Steve?” Bucky asked, “You look…not sad but maybe wistful? God, that’s a stupid word. Of all the things I’ve forgotten, I remember wistful?”
It had felt so good, and Bucky had groaned around Tony in his mouth, swimming in pleasure and desperation. He’d felt Tony’s hand move down to cradle Bucky’s head, keeping him in place as the older man’s hips began to make small thrusting movements, pushing himself in and out of Bucky’s throat, sweetly using him. The sensation of being sandwiched between them as he was filled had always been intense. He’d loved the simple pleasure of it, simple because all he’d had to do was relax and let them take over.
Everyone else was already absorbed in their work. They were all focused on this possible new lead for Tony, but Bucky couldn’t do it. So, he left. Being quick and quiet while remaining unseen was a specialty he possessed, and he used it to its fullest now. No one saw him leave, except maybe Natasha, but he knew she wouldn’t say anything. She was the most discreet and insightful of them all.
“Yeah, you did mention something about throwing him in the river while he was unconscious then thought better on it.” Steve said, smirking. “You have the control of a saint.”
Bucky had to admit that he liked Clint more today than he ever had in the past. He didn’t know if that was because he was more human, or because he was seeing the better parts of humanity in Clint. Either way, he would take it. He didn’t want to feel like shooting the guy all the time, after all. That feeling had gotten old months ago.
Francesco’s solemn expression had never wavered as he’d promised because Tony, Steve and Bucky were family, and they would protect what belonged to family.
“As you’ve pointed out, I’ve already got a Stark, who also happens to have a real birth certificate to prove it.” He held up his hand to stop Tony’s argument. “I already said that I don’t care. This is the middle of a war, and I’ve got bigger things to worry about than your alleged criminal activities. You helped save the lives of hundreds of my men.”
“I’m fine, Tony.” He answered evenly, finally taking his eyes off the floor. “Are you alright? You said your heart was…”
. His mind contradicted the thought of Tony being unable to provide comfort as it showed him a new perspective to his interactions with Tony over past six months. Tony kindly explaining everything he was doing as he worked on Bucky’s arm hadn’t been from his need to constantly talk, he’d been trying to include Bucky in the maintenance and put him at ease. The fact that he’d always kept the tools out and ready, just in case Bucky showed up in his workshop, proved that Tony looked forward to helping him.
They’d all readied themselves for bed after listening the evening news on the radio. Tony had said goodnight as the two had gone to their shared room.
“Why would Mr. Ryan kill…” Bucky looked confused before his eyes widened in realization. “Byrne is screwing Ryan’s wife?!”
Tony pulled back his head and made Steve turn to meet his eyes. “No, Steve, you’re not a performer. You’re a fighter. You’re a little punk with a piss and vinegar attitude, and you don’t take shit from anyone. You prove people wrong.”
“What…why is…Tony!” Bucky grunted in pain next to him. “How is he…there? This isn’t right…I remember…I see him…”
Tony absolutely felt awful for Steve but watching the loud, balding man with a Napoleon complex turn a fascinating shade of purple was quite enjoyable. He sincerely hoped he popped a vein.
Once Tony’s hand emerged with a pack of cigarettes, he pulled one out then paused before looking at the soldiers riding in the truck with them. Steve wished Tony wasn’t wearing those glasses so he could see his eyes and try to figure out what he was thinking as he looked at the men. Tony looked down to the cigarette he held, then back to the soldiers.
“I’m so sorry.” Bucky’s voice sounded raw. “I’m so sorry, Steve. I forgot you. How could I forget you?” Steve’s mind flashed to that fucking chair again as more tears fell. “I
“Vaguely,” Tony answered slowly, he felt rather stoned. “It came out of nowhere . Was anyone else hurt?
And now he was late. It was the only thought running through his head as he entered the apartment and stopped dead in his tracks.
“At least, you can admit it. That’s growth,” Bucky said dryly before continuing. “And Tony’s helped you see that. Think about it, Stevie. Everything Tony did after that conversation was an attempt to prove you wrong and show you that he was more than you’d thought. Almost dying to save everyone, rebuilding this tower for the team, helping me, it was all to prove to himself and you that he could be more than that.”
“Wow, you really were fucking Stark back in the day, huh, Barnes.” Clint chuckled, “Matching jackets. Rugged and handsome? Did he grow that beard for you?”
Thinking of Tony made Bucky’s mind flash to the thing that had woken him so suddenly. The memories he’d gotten while sleeping had been of his time training for the army and being away from Steve and Tony.  Bucky remembered being called to the office at the base he had been posted at before the war. The serious look on the clerk’s face as he’d given the phone to Bucky, walking away to give him a rare moment of privacy since he’d gotten here, did nothing to settle his nerves.
Right now, though, Tony looked frustrated and restless. He sat beside Steve and made a show of going over the itinerary for the next two days. He was wearing his glasses again. Steve had first seen them a year ago, but Tony had never really worn them. Then, Steve had seen him wearing them sometimes as he worked on his gauntlet. Now, Tony hadn’t taken them off since they’d stepped foot in Europe.
“My day just got better seeing your pretty smile.” He winked, throwing her a cheeky grin. Tony was a flirt. Sue him.
“Good choice,” Tony said, business voice returned and stepped back. “ I’ll give you a few moments to pack, shall I? Then you can write your long suffering wife a goodbye letter.”
That’s why it hurt so much. Because they were in love with each other and always had been. Tony was their friend at best, and an interloper at worst, disrupting their lives because he shouldn’t even be here. It didn’t matter what he wanted because he could not have it.
“Thank you,” he said gratefully as Tony handed him the small stack of papers. “I apologize for not paying better attention. I was simply lost in thought as I added a note to…Well, one of these papers, here.”
Each shock and jolt pulled groans from his Daddy still inside him, but Bucky could barely form sounds as he laid there and opened himself to everything. His blood pumped loudly in his ears, mixing with the quiet buzz of his mind and the sound of breathing. It was all so much, but it was perfect in this moment. He let go of everything and fell further. He sensed the blurred movement above him as it echoed through him. His lack of focus didn’t worry him because he was safe here.
He was soon set upon by Bucky and Steve, both frantic and wanting to know what the hell just happened and where did he go and what was he thinking and…
“Whoever God is, it’s not you, Schmidt,” Steve called back. “Come over here, and I’ll prove that to you.”
“Well, hello to you too.” He chuckled as he returned the embrace. “I take it you’re not just happy to see me, though.”
Steve lowered his hands because he had to do something. If Tony didn’t start moving soon, his control might very well snap, and because as much as Steve was worried over his new strength, he really wanted this.
Who's strong and brave here to save the American way? You know who! Steve becomes a star, or he tries, at least. Tony tries to hold on as he plans for the inevitable while never leaving Steve's side. Bucky is slowly being conditioned to the horrors of war. In the present Steve and Bucky have a conversation that helps them focus on something better than the events of the night.
“This is your home, too,” Steve said, voice so sincere it left no room for doubt. “For as long as you want, we want you here.” His stare wavered for a second as his voice faltered. “You might not want to for long, though. Winter’s only started, and I’ll probably get sick again. And again. It’s a lot to deal with, and most of my money will go to doctors.”
Tony’s voice was icy to his own ears. “I’ve had just about enough of you and your shit, asshole. Say one more thing about him, and you’ll wake up bleeding in the gutter like the trash you are.”
“You alright, kid?” Tony had to remember not to use his name. They were supposed to be strangers, after all.
“OK, so what would you like to talk about first?” He asked them because he knew they probably had some questions.
As he began to drift asleep, the thoughts swirled behind his eyelids, the cave with Yinsen, Pepper. God, he was a fuck up, and now he was clinging to Steve and Bucky. If he had any kind of conscience, he’d leave before he ruined them too. They were destined to be heroes. If Tony stayed, he’d corrupt them. Could Captain America exist if Steve Rogers had first been tainted by Tony Stark?
Even with his resources, they couldn’t do better at the moment. The surgery had been dangerous enough, and the area where they implanted the prosthetic to fill the void where the reactor had been needed to fully heal before the plastic surgeons would touch him. Still, he had heard some promising things about a brilliant scientist named Helen Cho who was building a machine that could regrow skin and damaged tissue. Tony was currently looking into funding her work.
“With the information I have, most cases seem to be in this country, but it is worldwide. New social media posts are still being made, but the news outlets haven’t had time to discuss this yet.”
If Tony hadn’t come into their lives to show Steve and Bucky what they could really have while playing their roles and keeping suspicions down, Steve might have felt the need to try and win her affections, but he couldn’t feel that now. He didn’t need a cover for the war, and it had been a long time since he’d thought about any of them having to eventually get married so they could fit into society.
“I’m fucking you with Bucky’s cock today, baby boy.” Tony scolded even as he began to move his hips faster, giving Steve what he wanted by making Bucky thrust just a little more into him. “You’ll have earn it and push your hips back against him.” He looked at Bucky. “Hold him tighter, sweetheart. Don’t let him move too far up; I want you to stay buried in him.”
The expo was crowded, and all around them people walked as they spoke in excited voices. Tony and Steve were dressed in their nice clothes while Bucky still had on his army dress uniform. Tony was going to gag him with that tie before he fucked him tonight. He’d also probably make him wear the hat, only the hat. He and Steve had agreed they would take turns with Bucky until he passed out. His sweetheart was going to feel it for days.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, “and believe me, I would have given anything for him to be that subtle with me growing up. Believe it or not, that was one of the most polite conversations I’ve had with Howard since I turned five.”
he cared so much about him. The only clear memories he had of Steve were from when they’d fought each other on the heli-carrier and everything after that. Even as he’d pulled Steve from the river, he hadn’t known why he was doing it. He just knew he had to do it, an instinct that he couldn’t ignore.
When he was finished, Tony saw his eyes linger on the homemade bandages, as if he were looking through them to the skin underneath. To Tony’s scars. Yeah, the worst were still covered by his shirt on his chest, but they still littered his skin down to his navel. The thick surgical scar ran well past his ribs. Tony knows they both saw it.
“Can you feel me through him, love? Your daddy’s letting me fuck you through him. We both love you so much.”
Steve turned to walk away, but she grabbed his shoulder to get his attention. “Then at least let me help.”
Tony leaned over and slid his hands under the hem of Steve’s shirt, slowly moving them up and spreading his fingers across the smooth skin of his flat stomach before gently running his nails down to the top of his pajama pants. Steve shivered again. “Tony-“
We finally learn why JARVIS has seemed to take a softer, caring role for Bucky. It was the reason he allowed Bucky into Tony's locked lab. He was trying to help him as Tony instructed. Artificial Life has always fascinated me in fiction, though the thought of it kind of scares me in real life. Human beings can be frightening enough.
Bucky thought this had a lot of rules, but he trusted Tony. He was in charge after all, he thought wryly. Then he remembered. “So if I have enough of these chemicals, I won’t feel pain?” Bucky asked. “How can I tell you to stop?” He kind of worried about that aspect of it.
“I’m gonna go enlist tomorrow,” Bucky continued as he pulled away from them, already seeming to distance himself from his lovers.
Bucky stood up front the couch and looked down at Steve with clenched fists. “If that’s what you think then why don’t’ you…”
“Grazie, amico! But please, call me Francesco.” He said as he directed them to the table and laid out menus for them. “You say this was a surprise?”
As he stood on the stage and listened to the men jeer and mock him, Steve was once again reminded of his foolish hope. Tony had been right, and these soldiers didn’t want anything to do with him. They didn’t respect him even as a person, and he could see that a lot of them hated the very idea that someone who looked like Steve was doing something like this when he should be fighting like they were.
Afterwards, James was lacing his boots as Steve did the dishes. Tony had actually offered to do them, but Steve had flat out refused, so Tony was working his tie into a classic Windsor knot.
“Did you two do all this?” Bucky panted between them, and Steve was worried at how labored his breathing sounded. They were basically carrying him at this point.
Tony tilted his head to make sure his jaw was lax enough around Steve then tightened his hold on Bucky’s hips. He began fucking him faster, building to a savage pace and only hitting his prostate every few thrusts.
Tony looked at Bucky uncertainly. Bucky wondered what could make him so nervous all of a sudden. “I understand if you’d only want Steve for that part, or for him to be in charge of your care afterwards. You’ve known him longest, and as we discussed earlier, I’m not always the most gentle person. I understand if you want Steve to be in charge during or after a scene. I would be there to help him, but he would have the control.”
“Don’t darling jewel me, Tony!” Pepper sounded like she was ready to reach through the phone and kill him.
Bucky and Tony took position at both his sides, and Steve gave the order for them to begin. Calls were given down the line. The sound of engines in the trucks and tanks could be heard roaring to life before one last call was made, and they all began their march.
Steve was writhing on Bucky’s chest and stomach, arms and torso trapped under the brunet’s bigger limbs, he was unable to do anything but swivel his hips. His constant stream of moans and pleas for more cranked Tony’s arousal just as much as the sight of Bucky filling him as he looked down.
“I’d sooner design and build my own war balloon. I could use your over-inflated ego to fly it to Germany and gas Hitler myself, you pompous windbag!” Tony wanted to punch him so damn much it almost hurt.
“Son of a bitch!” Tony exclaimed by the end of the game. “Five points! You beat me by five points, Rogers, and this time I know you didn’t cheat! And you’re drunk!”
There had to be a way to fix this. Tony didn’t care if he never got back to his time; he’d long since given it up to be with his two loves, but this was a problem he
The feel of the warm liquid against his skin was heavenly as he sank down and leaned against the blonde. Steve’s skin was smooth against his, and his strong shoulder was perfect for Bucky to rest his head against.
The aftermath of BAMF Tony. A deeper insight to Steve, Bucky and the secrets they've been hiding behind their smiles. This is the turning point, and heads will begin their removal from asses.
“Do I?” Tony asked belligerently, but he hardly felt that he could be blamed for that. “Because as I said when you came in, I feel
“That doesn’t mean you gotta run your fool mouth to Joe fucking Collins! He’s a creep, Stevie. He coulda killed you!” James all but yelled. “And you know those assholes that follow him woulda helped, especially Paul, he…”
Tony ran Bucky’s words through his mind, trying to figure out what had him so upset then he remembered what Bucky had called him as he came. “Sweetheart, look at me.” He said, firm but gentle, his hands still cupping his sweet boy’s face as he waited for Bucky to meet his eyes. “
“Green.” He said softly after a moment, then he realized the reason for Steve’s question. Tony had grown progressively quieter in the last few minutes, and that was kind of unusual for him, though he felt too good to care.
“For starters,” Tony began, “I used to drink a lot of it.” Steve huffed as Bucky chuckled. “Secondly, it was just the way I grew up. Wine was served with meals and at parties. I didn’t have my first beer until I went to college.”
Tony had guessed as much, but he needed more information. “I want you to know that I’d never judge you because of what you like in bed, Bucky. Chances are that I’ve already done it anyway, but I need to know what you mean when you say that. When I heard you and Steve the other day,” Steve’s head jerked to Tony upon hearing that, so he spared a quick glance, “it was an accident. And also really fucking sexy.”
Bucky shifted on his feet. “Tony, how long have you up? This must have taken hours.” Steve’s wide eyes were scanning over everything as he silently agreed with him.
Bucky felt something hot in is lower stomach at the thought. And for once he didn’t push it away. What would it be like to be with Tony? Would he be the same in a relationship as he was as a roommate? Would he be the same in bed? Would he take care of Bucky like he was special and…precious? Bucky’s dick twitched at the thought.
Tony grabbed his hand and gently squeezed. “It’s not, sweetheart. It’s perfectly natural.” He soothed, big brown eyes looking at him with affection. “Some people just prefer sex that way, to be more submissive. A lot of the time, it’s people with the strongest personalities, or people who have a lot of responsibilities in their lives. People who are constantly the center of attention and find it stressful. People who have a very important job and are in charge all the time, so that’s their way of taking a break.”
The lies, half-truths and constantly watching over everything he said and did had pushed him to a breaking point. Realizing he was in love with two people who couldn’t love him back was the final straw. Well, that and the crash of adrenaline after a fight and getting slashed across the stomach.
“I want this, Tony,” he said then gasped as Tony slipped his fingers down to tease beneath the waistband of his boxers; only stopping when he felt the beginning of hair. Steve continued, “However you want me, I trust you.”
I'm sorry for the wait my friends. I won't say anything more than one of the people I love the most tried to end their life. I was the one who rode with them in the ambulance. I waited all day in the emergency room until the doctors were sure they were stable for transfer. I watched as they were loaded into another ambulance to be taken to a facility. They suffer from PTSD and the anxiety and depression that are a result of it. It was one of the worst days of my life, and I was devastated. I only tell you this because I urge anyone who is suffering to please get help. Talk to someone. If you don't have anyone, talk to me. My contact info is in my profile. I hope you can appreciate why I needed to step away and take a break, especially with some of the themes in this story and where I had planned for this chapter to end before everything happened. I hope everyone and those they love are well during these scary times, and maybe this new chapter will distract you for a little while. I love you all.
He pulled out in one long slow slide, stopping just before the head came free and pushing back in. He repeated the motion until he felt Bucky completely relax, then ground his hips against his ass, going as deep as he could. Bucky whimpered, but Tony could hear the arousal in it.
Bucky just looked down at his meal. “Anyway, it’s over now, and I seem to be OK. It's healing and everything. I’m just glad we made it out, and I’m gonna enjoy the time we have off before we have to split up and go back to work.”
Tony had done it right this time around and look at everything it had given him. Two wonderful people who loved him, and the chance for him to truly love someone back. Tony had once believed he loved Pepper, and he had, but it was not the kind of love that he now got to have. Unconditional without expectations was the type of love that most people dreamed of but never found. Tony had never even allowed himself the dream, but he’d somehow managed to find it anyway.
Tony chuckled, trying to put the man at ease. “Oh, I’m sure we have plenty in common, most people do if they take the time to find out.” He stuck out his hand as an offering. “Name’s Tony, originally from California but now I stay in Brooklyn.”
“Yeah, fine. Too much coffee, maybe.” He gave a self-depreciating chuckle. “You almost ready to head home?”
“What? My first impulse would have been to dump him in the river, but I figured he’d probably die from that. Stripped naked on a street somewhere is a good compromise!”
He watched as Steve thought over everything Bucky had just told him, and he could see the blonde accepting that it was true. Steve sighed, “Trust Tony to make me eat my words seventy years in the past.”
The focus of every prisoner was on the doctor. He was the one who always chose, and Bucky was pretty certain that he was responsible for the screams. He knew the men were dragged away to the direction of the factory, but the screams that echoed through the vents in the prison floor suggested it was below them. He wondered if that was on purpose, to keep them afraid.
“I’m Steve, Steve Rogers.” He extended his own, and they shook. He could feel all the bones in the smaller man’s slender hand.
“Hey, you’re supposed to be on my side,” the archer pouted. “You promised not to gang up on me with them.”
Tony nodded as he forced himself to not choke up at the tender acceptance being offered. “I’ll do that from now from on. Promise.”
For their one year anniversary, Steve had been hospitalized with the flu. Tony had never felt so helpless as he watched Steve’s body slowly fail him. The fever burned too hot for him to take, and he’d eventually been unable to wake. The doctor had actually told them to prepare for his passing and send for the priest. Tony had almost punched the man. He eventually realized that he should have given Steve more credit. His baby boy was fighter to the core.
Steve turned his head to hide his face in Bucky’s hair. “I haven’t felt this helpless and hopeless since you fell from the train. Crashing that plane into the ice was a relief after that, knowing that I wouldn’t have to go on living my life with the guilt of not saving you. What if Tony feels the same? You know he’s going to try to protect us, and because of this damned curse, he’s going to fail. What if he takes the same way out that I did?”
“You’re doing so well, love.” Steve told him as he spread his fingers wider. “Choking him just like I told you to. Look how hard he is for you.” He lightly tapped Tony’s straining dick.
All their affairs were now in order. Tony had done the best he could to prepare for a future he desperately wanted them to see. It was time to move forward.
“Calm down, love,” Steve said as he felt the blonde’s strong hands turn his twitching body over onto his back. “We have you.”
“Thank you, Tony.” His voice was deep and quiet so as to not wake Steve. “This was the best Christmas we’ve had in, in forever. I’ve never really been able to give him much.”
His world had narrowed down to pure sensation as the blood pumped through his veins, and his breath left him in a series of pants and moans. He was stretched open so perfectly as his Daddy continued to gently fill him. The harsher moans above him along with the sound of slapping skin let him know that Steve was making sure he got what he needed.
“I can’t, Steve.” Tony told him. “As far as I know, the beds are still pushed together. You know how news travels around this neighborhood. Someone is going to come by to check on me, and they can’t see me in one big bed. This is fine for now.”
“It’s like some weird metal glove,” Steve said as he leaned over to look at it. “What is it supposed to do?”
“Well, I hope he gives you a wide berth,” said Steve. “If he doesn’t just don’t bring up the wife thing.”
“So would the neighborhood if they ever found out.” Steve said dryly. “I can hear the gossip already.”
Tony felt a smile that reached his eyes appear with the news that they’d received another piece of post from their long distance partner. “And you waited to tell me why?” Tony asked without heat.
“Fuck, Steve. Keep talking to me.” There was a shifting sound as someone moved on a bed. Tony was frozen. He knew he shouldn’t be here, should not be listening to this, but he just couldn’t seem to make his muscles obey the command to move.
They waited until the guard had turned to face away and begin his walk back in the other direction. Then, Steve stealthily crept up behind the man and delivered a blow to the back of his head. The body fell onto the top of a cage, and Tony moved forward as Steve bent down to retrieve the keys from the guard’s belt.
Also, I know, our poor boys, but it was inevitable. The version of himself Bucky remembered being would have some serious issues with everything Bucky has done and gone through. And we know that even in the best of times in the past, Bucky was always ready to believe that something was wrong with him. But yay Steve! He's so supportive! And look at the other Avengers stepping up and coming together. Sigh, I can't wait to finally be able able to tag, Avengers as Family. That one's for you Natasha.
Bucky had reported into the army after receiving his letter to ship out. He was leaving tomorrow. God, the three weeks had gone by so quickly, and he wasn’t ready to go. He wasn’t ready to be a soldier, to go to war, to leave Steve and Tony. He was just a schmuck from Brooklyn who liked to dance. How was he going to do this?
The men nodded as they moved away from the group that now stood at the edge of the clearing. “Lee, Gibson and Dugan, you’re with me. We need to search the bodies for supplies. If you find a map, take it. I want to know where their latest lines have moved to so we can try to avoid them. Strip them of anything useful but treat the bodies with respect.” It was the least they could do.
‘You’re right.” Tony said to calm them so he could explain himself. “But I had to speak with him after the threat he made. I couldn’t risk something happening to you, to us.”
So to get Bucky to stop talking and give him what he’d been thinking of since the night before, even as he’d grinded against that girl, he kissed Bucky. It was a kiss he’d given many times to let Bucky know what he wanted, and it worked as well as ever.
They shared one of those looks of theirs, a silent conversation happening in a matter of moments, before turning to the presents under the tree. Tony tried to act calm when he was really nervous and uncomfortable on the inside. He hoped this was OK. He’d been prone to overdoing things in the past. (re. ridiculously huge stuffed rabbit, sorry Pepper) In the end his fears proved unnecessary.
“Keep your opinions to yourself, Barton, or I’ll physically and mentally scar you for life,” Bucky promised threateningly. He wasn’t about to let anyone make a joke out of what meant so much to him.
“We’re going out.” Bucky said as he entered the room. He was buttoning up a dress shirt and his hair was slicked back and styled. He looked delicious, and Tony instantly wanted to wreck him. Just then, Bucky’s words finally cut through the lust that Tony was feeling, and he was pulled up short.
Bucky huffed out a laugh. “Yeah, twice this punk dragged me out to see it. At least there was popcorn.”
Steve shook his head again as if to clear his thoughts away. “I ran into Joe Collins on the corner.” Tony and Bucky stiffened. “He said he couldn’t believe they’d let a fucking queer into a church, and that if I wasn’t already going to hell for being a pansy, I’d go for stepping foot in God’s house.”
Bucky would be lying if he said he didn’t secretly love the way Tony doted on them, took care of them, and tonight had just been another instance of it. Honestly, it was the thing he loved most about…
Steve panted and huffed as he brought his fists up. “I could do this all day,” he answered, taking a swing that was easily blocked before he was punched again.
“Please, don’t punish me. I can alright.” It begged in a broken whisper. “I can learn alright for the maintenance.”
He pushed himself off of the bed and made his way out of the room and to the stairwell. He knew he could just use the elevator, but he didn’t want to. He liked being in charge of where he went. He liked that he was allowed to choose to take the stairs. His handlers would have called it erratic behavior. He knew it probably was, but he did it anyway.
Tony nodded and looked to his boys. They just stared back at him, clearly waiting for Tony to order something. He looked back to Gianetta. “We’ll start with the caponata, and we’ll be dining family style if you could bring some extra plates?”
Bucky had listened to the awful list of things Steve had recited while clearly trying to hold himself together. Bucky hadn’t been able fault him for it because at that moment he’d felt like his world had tilted. He’d lived the next four a days a wreck of worried and frustrated feelings until Steve had called him again to give him incredible news. Tony was awake, and the doctors had been wrong about how bad his injuries were, and he was leaving the hospital.
“Your so tight, Tony.” Steve said as he pulled the finger back. “I’m gonna enjoy stretching you out.” He pushed back in again a little harder, and Tony moaned around Bucky. All he could do was feel what was happening and try to breathe when Bucky let him.
“You’re shaking, sweet boy.” And Bucky hadn’t realized the other man had moved closer to his face until he felt the words breathed across his lips.
young, so young and full of life and fire that evil men would try to extinguish in the most brutal ways imaginable.
Tony cried out as Steve bit down on the muscle where his shoulder met his neck, and fuck, yes, he didn’t hold back. Tony wanted the bruise, the reminder of everything about to happen. He focused on the throbbing pain Steve’s teeth had left.
“Ten of him,” Tony finished. “I meant it. You two are the best people I’ve ever met.” He took a breath and finished with the truth. “I’ll kill that fucker if he touches you again, Steve. I don’t think I’d be able to stop myself. My old man used to do that shit when he was drunk and angry. When I think of someone beating on you, hurting you and saying those things, all I can think about is making sure it never happens again.”
They were being supportive and keeping their promise to be there for him. It only made Tony love them more, which was another reason he had to get out of that apartment.
Tony tries and fails to be OK. Trust his boys to put things into perspective for him as he finally owns up to his bullshit. Maybe he just needed to be reminded of what really matters and realize that he was tired of worrying with nothing to show for it. Later, a visit to the future shows the effects that some memories are having.
Erskine smirked. “I told you I’ve learned a great deal about what people say, how they act when they are trying not to say something, and what they are saying when they say nothing. So, Howard Stark. If I am to get you into this project, I need to know if you can handle being around the man.”
Tony cupped his face, panicking and trying to comfort him, wondering what he did wrong that had Bucky feeling like this. “Hey,” he soothed, “hey, sweetheart. What’s wrong? Why are you sorry?”
The guy swung a punch at him, but Bucky easily avoided it and returned the gesture. His fist made solid contact with the guy’s face. His body was turned with the impact from the hit, so Bucky decided to give him a swift kick in the ass to speed him along in his retreat. Tony had stood and watched silently, but Bucky saw the look on Tony’s face as he memorized the other man’s features. That guy would be in for a world of pain soon enough if Tony ever found him, but Bucky couldn’t bring himself to care. Tony wouldn’t be stopped going after the people who went after Steve. Bucky was OK with that.
“You’re perfect like this, Tony.” He grunted as he slammed into him. “The perfect toy for me to play with.” His hips thrust back and forward with every other word. The feel of Steve’s long cock and the words he spoke just pushed Tony further. “Fuck, the sounds you make as you take us.” He twisted one of Tony’s nipples as he angled his hips just right and
Almost forty-five minutes later, the boys were sitting at the table and Tony started piling it with food. “Mince pies. Colcannon, an Irish must have.  Soda Bread if I didn’t screw it up, smothered greens with bacon, cranberry sauce, gravy, and” he said as he placed each dish on the table, “a small but hopefully tasty little turkey.”
“Thank you,” he told them as he forced himself to meet their eyes. He was beginning to feel very embarrassed by everything that had just happened, even if he appreciated their support. He was even feeling guilty for how he had treated them in the past.
“You fell for him too, so don’t be so surprised. How could I not?” He asked pointedly. “He’s kind, smart, funny and pretty easy on the eyes.” Bucky coughed, looking slightly embarrassed. “But what really did it was how good he is to you. Tony’s all aces when it comes to you, Stevie. I love how he takes care of you.”
“And you remember how I made the reference to him being a bottom and you being a top?” Again they nodded. “Well, the word bottom simply refers to the one usually receiving and to the submission of the person, or like Bucky says, him not being in charge. When you identified as a top last night, Steve, that was you claiming responsibility for Bucky. His pleasure, his mental and physical well-being was in your control and therefore your responsibility.”
“I’d accuse you of cheating, but it’s you, and I know better.” Tony looked at his hand. Dammit, Steve was going to win again. How was it that every time…
Not this, not falling in love with not one but two people who were already in a secret relationship with each other in fucking nineteen-forty!
Tony nodded, knowing this was probably difficult for Steve to articulate. “So your versatile with a bit of a service kink.” At Steve’s look of confusion, Tony tried to phrase this simplest way possible, “You get off by taking care of the other person, making them happy. It’s not so much what you are doing, but that you are doing it because they like it or want it. That actually works very well with me, and it’s good to have someone like that in a multi-partner dynamic.”
“Need more, daddy,” Bucky panted beneath him, struggling to get the words out. “Love when you take me…take care of me. Love being…good for you.”
This chapter turned into another long one. There's just so many more characters now. A very big Thank You to the darling Sofyie for helping me make sure Dernier actually sounds like he's from France. You've helped me make him more real.
It had come so naturally, too. He couldn’t recall having such an easy friendship. Rhodey was his best friend, for sure, but it was kept together mostly through Rhodey forgiving Tony of his shit and choosing to love him anyway.
“Well, I can’t believe how hard it was to check myself out of there,” he responded good naturedly. Ruth was a good friend, and he was touched from her concern. “I know what the doctors were saying, and what those x-rays looked like, but it was a mistake, Ruth. I’m just a bit beat up. All that would have been accomplished by my staying there is a waste of a room and attention that could have gone to someone else. Besides, I practically sprinted up those stairs out there,” he told her, nodding his head to the door.
“Just a few more weeks, and he’ll be home.” Tony said, reassuring them both. “Why don’t we work on a reply so it will be ready to mail in the morning? Then we can plan that day together I promised you. I’ll take you to the museum in Manhattan. You can look at the art while I look at you.”
“I have to get home.” He said quickly as he walked off, almost running with the need to see them, to reassure himself that they were still safe. Some hysterical and illogical part of him imagined they were already gone, out of his reach and fallen into ice to be abandoned and forgotten by everyone but Tony. The pavement blurred in his vision as he pushed himself faster.
“I don’t doubt you could take care of yourself.” Steve looked a little surprised at that. Tony doubted many people had ever said that to him. “And I only called you kid because you look like you’re half my age.”
They stayed silent as he slowly pulled himself back together but kept their hands on his arm and shoulder, anchoring him. Well this was just perfect. He’d slept fine every night he’d been here only to lose it when they were there to see him in all his lame-ass glory. Wonderful.
Bucky’s heart melted for this man at the same time it broke. How can Tony not realize by now that Bucky trusted him? He pulled the man in and kissed Tony before moving back and saying, “I want both of you, or either of you, however we decide to do this. I trust you, Tony. I know you’ll take care of me.”
He remembered how Tony had given Bucky a tour of the tower and his private floor, pointing out every security feature from the bullet proof glass of the windows, to the cameras and JARVIS, to the weapons Tony had
Bucky was not a sexual person, at least he hadn’t been before today. Was he now? Looking at the thick length pushing against the tight material of his pants and remembering his reaction to an almost naked Steve, Bucky had to reconsider what he’d thought about himself. His body was reacting to what he was remembering, and it wasn’t unpleasant. Actually, he found that it felt pretty good.
This shouldn’t make him this hot. Hell, he’d watched people have sex in front of him, been in a couple of orgies, pushed the limits of his own sexuality more times than he could count, and it had almost never gotten him to this level of arousal so quickly. Maybe it was because the couple having sex didn’t know he was listening. Or because Steve was sitting right next to him and he had to try to hide his arousal.
“I don’t know how, Tony.” Steve said, burying his face against Tony’s neck. “I break everything I touch. It’s all so much, my sight and hearing. I can hear people through the walls. I can hear their footsteps, all of it. So much has changed, and it feels like it’s all for nothing. Dr. Erskine is dead. I let the last of the formula get smashed, and Colonel Philips still thinks I’m…” He struggled to finish, “Now, I’m supposed to be this USO act for the senator, and I want to help, I really do, but I’m not a performer.”
“Probably not long,” Steve answered. “The President was right. The people have already decided. We’ll be at war soon.”
Tony couldn’t believe Steve had gotten him to agree to this. Just another Christmas miracle, he supposed, as he sat in a pew at the back of the crowded church. He was in a Catholic church, and nobody had even had to die to get him there. If only Rhodey and Pepper could see this.
They both told him that they were ready to be of service if Tony ever needed anything. They also said that Tony’s money would be no good whenever he or the boys stopped into the restaurant since they could never repay him. Tony told them that they didn’t need to do that, but he thanked them anyway.
“Woah, you alright, pal?” He asked who he now realized was an older man in a brown tweed suit. He had graying hair, glasses and a kind face that registered even through his flustered mumbling of an apology. The man was looking down at his feet where various papers and books had landed.
“I set a lot of it up last night after you went to bed.” Tony shrugged. “It was the only way to make it a surprise.”
“I only designed most of them,” he said in an attempt to seem humble, “not all, but I did build everything here.”
Bucky’s breathing sped as he closed his eyes and followed the memory. Tony and Steve had forced him to be still as they took turns taking him apart. Their hot, wet mouths and slick fingers moving around him and in him while he was forbidden to come. They’d brought him to the edge over and over again until Bucky was a crying desperate mess.
The knife came back in another vicious slicing arc, but he instinctively pushed out his arms, crossed at the wrists to deflect then disarm.
Their little living space became a dance floor as they moved in time to the music, their eyes never leaving each other. Tony felt a small pang of loss when the song ended but hid it behind his smile.
Steve bent over and gently pressed a kiss to Bucky’s forehead. It was the first time since Bucky started remembering their past that the blonde had kissed him, and it left a warm feeling in his chest.
It had to be there, even in this time. If he could get there, he could find some magic type-person to get him back to where he belonged. Yes, that would work. It would be fine. Tony had a plan.
As Tony looked back down at Bucky, Steve could tell there was a lot he would like to say but couldn’t, so he shook his head ruefully, “I swear you two stubborn jackasses will be the death of me.”
He probably should have struggled harder with the respect thing because Philips was not amused. A few of the surrounding officers and soldiers looked like they expected a bomb to go off.
“I know, but if you want me to let you walk outta here like I know you’re planning, you’re gonna take the time we have and rest, or I’ll put you in a truck myself.” Steve told him firmly.
Bucky huffed and stepped over to kiss him. “Yeah,” he answered, “I enjoyed it a lot, with you and Tony.” Then he looked a little worried. “Did you not…?”
He began to move forward, but stopped when he realized they were now looking at his chest. His healing cut wasn’t bothering him so he didn’t think it had started to bleed again. It felt fine. He looked down to his shirt. Nope.
And Bucky did, in shock at the words his mind had shouted at him, he stopped pushing and let everything crash through him. All of the memories and emotions and sensations he’d felt in the past since Tony arrived in their lives crashed through his mind like lightning. It was too much. A normal person would have died from it. He couldn’t begin to keep up with it all. It was…
It was a smart, practical solution, but Tony understood his hesitance to share the story. Two grown men sharing a bed in 1939? Not a widely approved of notion. He knew Bucky was worried over what his response would be to that, probably expecting the period typical homophobia that had seemed to plague Steve for years because of his stature and artistic abilities. Tony, of course, didn’t give a shit about that.
“I know that, Stevie, but planning his return right now is a hell of a lot better than worrying about not getting him back.”
Bucky moaned at the intrusion, hot and tight around the head of his dick, and Tony knew he’d have to go slow at first if he stood a chance of making this last. He began to shortly thrust his hips forward and back, inch by inch, feeling Bucky’s inner walls clench and relax each time he moved deeper. Tony’s hips finally rested against Bucky’s ass as he bottomed out.
He kissed Steve calmly then pulled back to look at both of them. “You’re right,” he repeated, “He didn’t say either. In fact he didn’t say much of anything. I did most of the talking.  I explained in very simple terms that what he
“It’s not ganging up if it’s true,” Banner added as he grabbed his own seat at the table on Natasha’s other side. He held out a mug of coffee for her to take, and her lips twitched in a small smile. Bucky’s eyes narrowed at the gesture, but he didn’t say anything on it. It wasn’t worth speaking for something like that, and it wasn’t his business anyway.
But they’d failed. James had been recovering these last few months. They hadn’t broken him, and he’d pulled himself back from near oblivion.
“That sounds perfect.” Steve said. “I don’t know what most of this stuff is, but the smell of the food cooking in the kitchen is mouth-watering.”
Tony felt his own tears form in his eyes. He knew this was coming, but that hadn’t really prepared him for it. This had always been history to him, a sad story that happened long ago, but now it was
“Well, yeah,” Tony said, adorably confused at their disbelief. “I wouldn’t offer if I wasn’t serious. I just need to go to the bank and get some funds transferred over the wire. Then, we’ll go to the hotel and get rooms so we can put our bags down. We can even try to get one close to that pub you like, Dugan. You know, so we don’t have too far to carry you back after you’re too drunk to stand?”
Steve smiled softly. “It worked, too. After everything, and us being here living with him…I wish I’d just told him I was wrong. I was smitten with him, fascinated by everything. All of his quirks and contradictions frustrated and entertained me. I wish he knew that before all of this happened, and I wish he knew I really didn’t think that about him.”
Feeling satisfied that they were ready and knowing he was beyond the point of endurance to get his dick into someone, Tony removed his fingers from Steve. The younger man groaned at the loss as Tony watched his empty hole clench.
Steve made a noise at the back of his throat between his heavy breaths. Tony looked at Bucky. “You’re so thick in my hand, sweetheart. I’m gonna need this in me, eventually.”
“No problem at all, Captain Rogers. Sgt. Barnes.” JARVIS answered before continuing. If it was possible, he almost sounded hesitant. “I hope that I am not overstepping my bounds, Sgt. Barnes, but I am gratified to see that you are doing better.”
Tony shrugged. “Why not? Like I told you, it doesn’t work right now anyway. I can’t finish it in a hotel room when I have no way of getting the missing pieces. It’s about as dangerous as a toaster.”
Steve’s body stiffened very subtly. Tony would have missed it if he hadn’t been waiting for the reaction.
Tony balked at that. He hated hospitals. “No, it’s fine.” He panted as the adrenaline faded. He knew a crash was coming soon. “It’s only a scratch. I’ve had worse.”
Psychologists even attributed the wheezing of an attack as a mental projection of a baby crying for its mother. So these doctors would basically talk to asthmatics about their problems as a treatment for a lung condition. And poor Steve was too impoverished to even afford that bullshit.
“It’s a surprise, so SURPRISE!” He waved his hands, brandishing the spoon he’d been using and smiling at their shared looks of disbelief.
Bucky nodded. “It’s true, honey. I think so much has happened to you that you just learned to act like you were OK
Tony finds his calling. It wasn't that long of search. Time is passing, and Tony is slowly adapting to this new life. Of course, things can't stay too easy for long. Real life comes rolling through, and Tony just has to weather the storm. He's ready for any challenge, but facing his demons? Well, at least he's not alone.
“You might wanna think before ya speak, Williams.” Dugan’s normally cheerful face was nearly as red as his hair. As Bucky looked at the others who’d gotten up in anger, he noticed most of them had Irish surnames as well. “There’s a lot of Irishmen here who wouldn’t be too sad if you went missing in action.”
Just when he thought they had finished for the day, and he was pulling on his jacket to leave for a late dinner with Steve, Howard stopped him.
“Alright,” Steve cut in, “Bucky you done bragging? Yes? Good, get the plates and utensils ready. Tony,” he turned to him, “go wash up. It’s almost chow time. Move.”
Howard smiled, but it only made him look more tired than before. “You were right about me last night. What you said about my reputation and legacy, it was the truth. It’s the one constant in an endless list of variables in my life. Yes, I want to do good and help my country, but we both know that I also want to be able to say that I was the one who did it. You don’t care about those things. You honestly care more about the life of a man you haven’t even met than getting the credit for this project, something that could change your life forever. I couldn’t do that.”
He broke the kiss as he released his grip on Steve. The blonde made a noise of complaint, but it ended when Tony moved over to kiss him passionately. He and Steve’s interactions were usually a little less tender than the one’s he shared with Bucky, but on certain occasions they were both in the mood for something softer, a heartfelt connection.
“She just rubbed against me, but I was so distracted by where my hand was I didn’t notice how close I was until she came and clenched around my fingers.” He shrugged with a small smile. “I went off right after that.”
Clint cleared his throat. It was one of those rare times when he let the mask of being a loud-mouthed asshole fall away. “I know what it’s like to be forced to do things you weren’t in control of, to be responsible for good people getting hurt and dying. I know it’s not as easy as hearing it wasn’t your fault, even if you know somehow that it’s true. Just remember the person you
Tony’s eyebrows raised slightly but beyond that there was no other reaction. “I’m afraid we’re going to have to be more specific here, Steve. Are you saying you want to be penetrated or you want to try submission?”
The inside of the restaurant was charming and cozy with accents of Italian art and architecture. Candles lit the tables as two musicians played softly on a violin and Chittara battante. The sweet Italian melody just added to the atmosphere. Several tables were already occupied.
Joe’s answer just made Tony even angrier. Joe was struggling to speak as Tony fumed at him before he managed to get a few words out. Bucky felt his anger reignite as he realized Joe was going to call Steve a queer, but it abruptly turned into stunned disbelief when Tony broke his arm so quickly, hell it looked
He didn’t know what that meant. He didn’t care. He just wanted this to stop. He couldn’t listen to whoever it was making the noise anymore, so he started his chant: name, rank, service number, name, rank, service number.
He’d even given up on his trademark Van Dyke and had let his beard grow in over his cheeks. He looked a bit rugged if he was being honest with himself. He also knew he would be less recognizable in any photos that managed to survive the passing decades. If he was going to be straddling the line of participating in historical events, he may as well try not to look too much like himself. His plan was risky enough as it was.
Tony and Steve gave each other different things than what they shared with Bucky. Steve fueled the side of Tony that liked excess since Steve never backed down from a challenge, pushed his limits and always wanted more.
Bucky agreed, and his favorite Tony was when he was smiling and laughing. Bucky looked at the image of himself. That Bucky had looked happy, too. He’d looked so happy there next to them. Even in the middle of a war, all three of them had still been happy to be with each other.
Steve was now moaning against Bucky as Tony pushed his tongue in to breach him, wiggling it so Steve could feel every tiny movement as it slid in further. Bucky groaned loudly at whatever Steve’s mouth had done in reaction to that. Apparently Steve was still able to focus on taking care of their love. Good.
“Wouldn’t be much fun to dance alone,” he reminded her, “and all my old partners are back in California.”
Bucky nodded his head once at his loyal friend’s answer. The guy was around Tony’s age, but he’d never had a problem following Bucky’s orders, and Bucky
“Nope,” he said, making his lips pop around the p. “I made it. If one of you would do the honors,” he motioned with his hand.
Phillips walked up to lean his hip against his desk as he crossed his arms. “This isn’t official yet, but we’re leaving for London tomorrow along with the freed men to allow them rest before going back to active duty. Though I’ll make sure most will be kept away from the front, they’ve gone beyond duty at this point. As for Rogers and the rest of us, the work will be just starting. You said you want to help, Stark. Did you mean that?”
But Tony Stark as a human being was deeply flawed and emotionally stunted. Tony Stark shouldn’t even be an Avenger, they just needed Iron Man.
When he was alone, however, or the news on the radio would be particularly dour about America’s first movements of the war in northern Africa, he would stick to his promise and ask his boys to hold him. There were several nights of them just cuddled together on the couch until his panic eased, and the pressure that had been mounting became bearable to live with.
He knocked on the door and waited, putting on his press smile as he slipped into boardroom mentality.
“I bet he loved that,” Clint grinned, but his words were good natured. “The good people of Brooklyn singing his praises. Tony Stark, the miracle man.”
Tony looked at the others in question, trying to read their faces before he turned back and replied, “I think they’d like to do that themselves.”
“I don’t know, some kraut prison is what the guy said,” Dugan told him as he nodded his head over his shoulder behind him. “I woke up ‘bout twenty minutes ago, I guess. I don’t know how long we were out or where we are. I saw McKinnon and Platt from the 107th in another cage, and Jones is here, too.”
Bucky’s face betrayed nothing as he shrugged. “Yeah, he was broke with nowhere to go so we fed him.”
Steve had always felt guilty that Bucky hadn’t gotten to finish school and couldn’t afford college. Bucky would’ve said he wasn’t smart enough for all that, but Steve knew better. Bucky had loved discovering new things when it was something that interested him. He could now remember Bucky reading Tony’s Asimov books and magazines. He’d watched Tony as he tinkered on his inventions for the apartment, fascinated as something new was created.
“I’m afraid I can’t, Steve.” Tony groaned as he ground down against him. “We have to be careful, after all. Who knows what could happen?”
“A good man,” Howard said simply. There was no deceit or hidden meanings behind his words. He was stating a fact. Tony was a good man, plain and simple. “You’re not like me.”
“I’m fine.” He swore up and down, and Steve almost wanted to throttle him. He’d been cut open sixteen hours ago! And he still wouldn’t look directly at Steve when he spoke!
Steve scoffed, “Am not,” before shaking his head. “Well, maybe a little, but not very. You two drank more than I did.”
He looked across the room at Bruce from where he was laying in a recovery bed. Two hours ago both he and Bucky had collapsed at the Sanctum where’d they’d been searching for Tony. The good news was that they had probably found him. The bad news was that if they hadn’t, he and Bucky were either crazy or under the influence of a spell. Steve would probably be more upset about it normally, but Bruce had given him enough Xanax and pain meds to kill a horse.
“You said you taught Steve, right?” Tony asked, and Bucky nodded. “Well, just do what you did with him.”
His voice was strong, and his face was serious as he told Abrams, “You are going to remove these casts and release me into my roommate’s custody. I am going home where I can continue to rest and recuperate there.”
“Really. In fact, if you really wanted to screw with him, you could just ignore him. None of this ‘yes, sir’ and ‘I’m sorry’ crap. He says something, and you just barely nod or shake your head. If he can’t speak civilly to you, then don’t speak to him at all.”
A lot of people had speculated on their friendship over the decades. Friends since childhood, from the playground to the battlefield and all that, but Tony was getting the inside look. And it was more than friendship; it was closer to family. James and Steve had only each other. Tony had learned more about them last night after the whole porn incident.
Tony pffted at that. “The depression was horrible, and people are still struggling, but things are getting better every day. Yes, this war costs money, but it is also
Tony’s throat felt tight as he answered, “I’d like that, too.” He cleared his throat and asked, “Have you eaten, yet?”
“Shhhh,” Bucky murmured softly, “It’s not just on you, doll. It’s not always your responsibility what happens to everyone around you. You can’t think like that, Steve. What happened to me wasn’t your fault. It was horrible, yes, but a lot of things in this world are. It’s not fair, and it’s not right.
Steve turned to look at him. He saw the fear and pain he’d witnessed for days now still filling the worried brown eyes looking up above his lenses. Steve should have listened.
Tony has a surprise planned for the boys. It's really sweet. The boys have a surprise planned for Tony. It's really spicy. Also, a surprise POV.
Bucky sank to his knees as he pulled down both Tony’s boxers and pants in one go. His face directly even with Tony’s thickening arousal, but he kept his head down, waiting.
When he finally managed to open his lids, it was to see Dugan’s face above him. He couldn’t see much else. It was dark, but that didn’t make sense. Hadn’t the moon been almost full? That’s when it all began to come back to him. The sudden attack, the men dying, the blue light and the fight that followed all crashed through his mind as his senses returned in rush of adrenaline. His upper body sprang into action as he tried to sit up, but Dugan’s hand landed on his shoulder and pushed him back to the ground.
If any of noticed that Erskine in the movie said 73rd Street and Utopia Parkway, and I wrote 73rd Avenue and Utopia Parkway, it's because *gasp* Marvel made a mistake. Geographically, 73rd Street is a good ways West of Utopia and runs parallel to it. 73rd Avenue, however, would be correct since it does intersect Utopia Parkway. I'm not faulting Erskine, maybe it was a simple linguistic error since English is not his native language.
He’d tried to be casual when he’d asked Steve for waffles and bacon. He knew he had to work at asking for things he wanted. Steve had smiled happily and told him that was a great idea, and Bucky had felt a little proud of himself. He’d given Steve a way to care for him while reminding himself that he deserved the things he liked. And Bucky liked waffles. They’d had them a few times since arriving here, and he thought they were delicious, especially with blueberries. Tony liked blueberries, too, he thought fondly.
The throbbing between Bucky’s legs became worse as he remembered Steve positioning himself as he laid behind Bucky and slowly entered him as Tony continued to swallow around Bucky’s cock. This was lust that Bucky was feeling at the phantom sensation of Steve moving inside of him, and he felt himself clench as his cock twitched at the memory of Steve’s first hard thrust.
Steve let his hands fall to his sides as the punching bag slowed its swaying and came to a stop in front of him. He needed to check in with Bucky. Steve couldn’t keep avoiding him just because he couldn’t deal with the pain Bucky’s distance brought him. He now missed both of his partners, but Bucky was still here so Steve would have to be patient and accept him for who he was, not who Steve wished he could be.
He continued, “Two more hours of riding today before we stop at a small town just outside of Sondrio where we’ll spend the night.” Tony’s foot sped up.
Bucky smiled, looking relieved. “Of course, Stevie, and speaking as someone who had that attention focused on him, I don’t imagine anyone not liking it.” Bucky looked to the side, thinking. “So you think you’d like both? You having control with me, and Tony having control with you, or do you want to be with Tony like you are with me too?”
Tony’s laugh was a little more genuine this time. “I’m sorry. You’re right. There is no outfit, and I’m talking crazy.”
Steve woke slowly to the light shining through his eyelids and the sound of murmured voices. He opened his eyes to look for the source but saw an empty bed. He figured Bucky and Tony were already up like always and making breakfast. He inhaled deeply and caught the smell of something cooking and the usual aroma of Tony’s coffee.
“What?!” Steve barked out, completely thrown by the question. “What the hell does that mean? Of course you have a soul!”
“That you certainly do, Irish boy,” Gabe agreed. “even if it means I have to look at that face of yours while you entertain me. You two have any gals at home waiting for your ugly asses?”
Tony sincerely hoped this wouldn’t take hours. He hadn’t been laid in forever and this was almost cruel.
She smirked as she looked at him. “Sorry, signore, but I prefer blondes,” she quipped as she blew a kiss to Steve who blushed furiously. She laughed kindly before asking, “The usual tonight?”
This only made Steve blush harder. Tony ran a hand up the back of his calf, behind his knee then along his outer thigh until he got to his hip. He squeezed gently. “You have no idea how much I want you.”
Tony felt like he should interject, but they weren’t giving him much of an opening, even if he would have known the right thing to say. They were all strung out and upset, and unfortunately, they were choosing now to vent their frustrations at each other.
“Status report, gentlemen,” the older man said. All sarcasm had left his voice. “And it better be good news. I’ve got idiot senators breathing down my neck wanting answers, and it’s giving me a rash.”
“I wasn’t going to,” he said easily, “but when I brought it to the doctor’s attention, well, let’s just say it was the most upset I’d ever seen the man. He told me, point blank, that if I didn’t accept you so that you could help him, he would walk away, and I could finish the project myself.”
The kitchen was quiet for a moment, but thankfully, no one mentioned his slip, and Bruce just said, “I’m glad to hear it. If it starts to bother you, I’ve got more pain medication to help with that.”
“Stevie,” he looked over to Bucky who was looking at him encouragingly, “It’s fine, doll. Tell him what we talked about this mornin’.”
“I don’t mean to inconvenience you,” Tony began, “but would you mind showing me where? It’s well past lunch, and I have a long trip to Brooklyn ahead of me.”
Tony was about to beat that man until his ancestors felt it. A person didn’t need kneecaps, did they?
“Really, Buck? That’s how you say it?” He asked disapprovingly because for some reason one of the only things that had transferred to this Bucky was that he didn’t like disappointing Steve. He wasn’t even sure if Bucky knew why that was. “He’s totally fucked, and we’re lucky there’s no corpse?”
Tony turned to look over at Bucky, wanting to see his reaction. He had taken to reading some of Tony’s Asimov stories and had begun an interest in technology of the future.
“The people of this country aren’t going to stand for this.” Steve said firmly with a hint of the Captain in his voice. “There won’t be any more excuses to keep out of the global conflict.”
Steve smiled, love shining in his eyes. “I think I’ll just take one for now. You have responsibilities, and there’s a war going on.”
. Hell, this morning I didn’t have two coins to rub together, and I still brought home the bacon. Literally. Like James reminded me, I fix things. It’s what I do. I’m Tony fucking Stark.”
The kind British-accented A.I. was quick to reply. “Indeed, Captain Rogers, he requested entry to sir’s workshop nine minutes ago. He is currently standing beside the table where maintenance is usually performed on his arm.”
Most of them shrugged as Dugan said, “Gotta find a place to stay, first. I want at least one night away from the army and everything that comes with it.”
“Of course, Tony,” Abrams eyes shifted to his plaster-covered body, and Tony had to make himself not focus on how much every part of him was beginning to itch under his casts and bandages. He was fairly certain he had stitches in some places. He chose to focus instead on the doctor in front of him. “However, there was massive amounts of damage to your body. You appeared to have broken and shattered bones, damage to your spine, internal bleeding, cranial fractures…We were at a loss as to how you had survived.”
Later at the party, Tony was chatting with his date. The party was in an event room of a hotel the hospital had reserved. They were sitting at a table and talking about the pros and cons of different car engines, and Tony was impressed. Apparently, her father, uncles and brothers were mechanics and owned their own garage in Flat Bush. His mind kept flashing to Marissa Tomei in
Steve left around midday to meet the guy who bought his sketches. Tony had wished him luck then was left in the empty apartment. After staring at the quiet space for a few minutes, he decided to wash up. Looking in the mirror, he studied the stubble along his jaw. His trademark Van Dyke was losing ground against the new growth. He took stock of the personal hygiene items in the small cabinet behind the mirror and collected what he’d need.
“I told him, ‘Life’s too short to be eatin’ boiled eggs and cabbage all the time. You need to learn to do better by your Ma, Stevie. If you’re gonna boil something, boil pasta and learn to make some damn sauce. It’s just tomatoes, salt and pepper.’ He started askin’ his ma for recipes after that. I think she was grateful for the change in cooking technique to be honest.”
Tony smiled, those crinkles returning for Bucky to see, and said, “Of course, sweetheart, I love you.”
“Howard Stark,” Tony told them. “He’s high profile, and everyone knows his name. It’s for his security and mine.”
With that Tony turned and made his way back to his apartment, as he opened the door he called back to the retreating figure. “Have a good evening!” And closed the door behind him.
“Steve, it’s time for open honesty,” Tony said. “Nothing you say will shock me into judging you, and I’m sure Bucky feels the same way, but I want you to describe exactly what you want when you picture us together so I can figure out a way to give it to you. You said both, but not like Bucky. What did you mean by that?”
Tony grabbed his hand and slid his other back between his shoulders. He waited for the count to catch up in his head and stepped forward with his left foot.
voice, and Tony was simultaneously proud that he remembered and turned on even more at the thought that he might need it.
Steve came then, loaded down with huge plates of waffles and bacon, and set them in the center of the table. “Dum was a character. You would have liked him, Clint. You share a lot of his personality traits.”
“Alright,” Steve sighed as he ran a hand through his already disheveled hair. “We got up to the apartment, and she practically jumped on me.” He flushed red again as he continued, “Before I knew it, she’d pushed me down onto the couch and was nearly on top of me. Kissing and running her fingers in my hair and down my arms.
) had mentioned Harry Potter. Bucky had been surprised at how much he’d liked those books, just like he’d been surprised to like the music the man had shown him. It was a little easier talking to Stark (
Another year passed. There were dates and dancing. There were arguments and reconciliations. There were birthdays and nights of passion. From asthma attacks to pneumonia and insecurities to reassurances, they had weathered it all.
Steve’s mom had died when he was sixteen leaving him orphaned. James had moved out of his parents’ house the day after the funeral. Tony had gotten the impression that there was no love lost between him and his father. James’s family had moved to Buffalo not long after, though he still writes to his mom and sister.
But I'm back, beautifully bronzed and in the right headspace to continue this. I'm sorry if this chapter is choppy. It was written over the course of several emotionally charged weeks. Next chapter will hopefully be better as the plot takes an important step forward.
“Well, we’ve got to get to lab.” Natasha said, subtly giving Steve and him some privacy. “Bruce is probably waiting for us, and we have a resident genius to find.”
Tony turned to see a figure emerge to his left. A figure he soon recognized. “Umar, you are looking lovely as ever.”
Bucky took a slow breath and moved his finger to the trigger as he saw one of them reach down to grab the abandoned pack. The group of explosions blasted many of the men apart and threw several others to the ground. Bucky had taken the last of their grenades and attached their pins to tripwires that would pull and detonate once the pack was moved. Before the remaining men could recover, Bucky opened fire.
Then, Bucky remembering the part of him that had been lost and struggling to cope with the emotions that they had triggered. Steve was trying so hard to keep going under the weight of everything. He’d been trying since he woke up in this strange new world over two years ago, but he was so tired. From trying to adapt to this time, trying to save the world, trying to make new friends, trying to save Bucky, trying to be there for Bucky once he found him, trying to control his growing attraction to Tony and now today, it was all crushing him.
Bucky bit his bottom lip, tilted his head down and looked at Tony through his lashes. “That wouldn’t be right. What would your date say if you brought me along?”
Tony shrugged. “I guess it depends on what that refers to,” he eventually answered. “Yeah, it was nice growing up rich and inheriting a company, and I guess I can thank him for whatever gene it was that made me as smart as I am. Beyond that, no, I have very few good memories of the man.” He sighed. “I’ll meet with him if you really want me to, but I don’t want to work any closer with him than I absolutely have to.”
“Tony, you said you’ve bottomed before.” Steve said. “But you also said you don’t submit easily. How does that work?”
Daddy continued to clean every inch of him down to the soles of his feet, and Steve continued to kiss and gently rub against him. Bucky could feel the blonde’s arousal against his back, just like he felt his Daddy’s in front of him as he was cleaned. Bucky was fine with ignoring his own for the moment. He was supposed to be good and let them bathe him, so he allowed himself to drift under their attention.
“You wanted to see the damage,” he tried to quip, but his voice sounded small. He still couldn’t look down from the ceiling and meet their eyes. God, this was a mistake. What was he thinking? He should grab his shirt and…
“All I’m saying is that maybe you shouldn’t be looking at healthy soldiers.” Tony shrugged, hoping he wasn’t about to fuck up. “Maybe you should look for a good man who can’t serve, but still refuses to take the word
countries, and I have quite enough to deal with without you two declaring war on each other! I had a grand total of two hours of sleep last night from worrying over this and am too emotionally exhausted to handle anything. Don’t you realize what this means? Bucky’s going to war. He could die! He going to leave us…He’s…”
“You’re probably right about that.” Steve agreed. “I love you, Buck. And thank you for listening before you called me out on my crap.”
This was more than Tony expected, more than he could handle. He thought they loved him in spite of his scars, but to know that they thought this…
Tony realized that he was describing himself from before his kidnapping. It was men like he used to be that ordered this, men like Obadiah and countless others. The world never seemed to run out of men like them, so blind and entitled and greedy.
Tony finally entered the apartment to a different scene than the night before. Steve and Bucky were together on the couch and looked ecstatic. “Tony!” They both called out before jumping up and sandwiching him between them in a hug.
At that thought Steve decided to snuggle closer against Tony’s side. His arm moved up to brush along Tony’s chest as his hips ground lightly against Tony’s thigh and he hummed in his sleep. As if in answer, Bucky turned toward the sound and reached across Tony’s chest to find his lover’s hand. It was too much.
He stopped at the foot of their bed and turned to them. Their faces were a mix of confusion and hope. He reached up and began to undo the buttons of his shirt. Raising an eyebrow at them, he smirked. In his bedroom voice, he asked, “You two just going to stand there, or do I need to undress you? Not that I’d mind, but it would take longer for me to get my mouth on you.”
It was smart to not feed them in the evening, Bucky thought grudgingly. It’s the only time the prisoners had together when they weren’t constantly watched by a guard at their side. A couple guards would walk and keep watch over their cells, but this was the closest to privacy they had.
“I passed him in the hall more than once, and he had red lipstick smeared on his cheek.” Tony said like it was obvious what that meant.
Despite everything, Tony was genuinely curious as to what Howard would want to say to him, so he nodded and reached out for the beer Howard was offering. He popped the cap off on the edge of a nearby worktable and watched Howard do the same before taking a long drink.
Yes! Tony thought. That’s exactly how it was, like he was being pulled back to the speed of everyone else. It was equally infuriating and exhausting sometimes. The unexpected empathy left his voice thicker than it should be. “No one’s ever tried to see it from my point of view. They just think I’m an asshole.”
Steve looked confused at Tony’s reply, and he realized it was the first time he’d called Steve that since getting the serum. He’d called him Captain playfully when alone, or more formally in front of others, but this was the first time the nickname had slipped out. Tony felt like he was saying goodbye to a chapter in his life.
Tony looked amused. “Who would have thought that when I took you to the movies last year, you’d become a rabbit’s number one fan?”
Steve laughed then sighed. “At least it doesn’t seem too bad for him there. Of course he wouldn’t tell us the worst things anyway, but it sounds like he met some good people.”
And, yeah, Tony had heard enough. He was just about to say that much when one of the men moved a step to the side. Down on his hands and knees wheezing out a breath, was a boy with blonde hair. Tony couldn’t see his face, but he looked fragile. His clothes were at least a size too large, making him appear even smaller, almost delicate.
There was silence for three seconds before Tony and Bucky both started shaking with barely suppressed laughter. It wasn’t long until they finally broke and began laughing in earnest.
He was getting home earlier than he’d planned because the couple he was supposed to fix a sink for had needed to cancel. Apparently, their baby had decided to come early so he was about to surprise Bucky and Steve by coming home for an early dinner. Maybe they could go get a pizza or something.
Bucky made a silent promise to try to not give up on himself either. After all, he had to at least try.
At that moment Clint walked into the kitchen looking like he had spent all night in the ventilation system, which he probably had, and headed for the coffee pot when he stopped. “Dammit, Stark! ‘Bedhead Buttercup’ is my mug! Where’s your ‘Professor Utonium’s Blend’ mug?”
Slowly, he opened his eyes. He was in an alley. A very dirty, dingy alley that was probably ruining his favorite suit. He noticed clothes hanging from lines strung across the gap between the buildings. He could hear kids yelling at each other playfully, the passing traffic blowing the occasional horn that didn’t sound quite right.
Enlistment centers had people lined up around the block ready to go overseas and serve. Women were signing on too. They couldn’t go into battle, but many of them felt the need to answer the call any way they could.
“Look, Anthony,” Howard said as he went to a small chest in the corner of the room and pulled out two bottles of a local brew. “I just want to clear the air about some things while we’re both too tired to argue.”
He may not be Iron Man anymore, but he reminded himself that he was far from helpless. Yes, today had set the wheel in motion, but Tony would be damned if he was just going to lay down and let it roll over him.
“This really was excellent, Steve.” Bruce said in that soft, pleasant way of his. Bucky hadn’t spent much time with him (or any of them for that matter), but the scientist had always been nice to Bucky.
“That about sums it up, Gabe,” Bucky said ruefully as Tony finally pushed his way next to him. He held a canteen and practically shoved it at Bucky’s face, but he still managed to gently help Bucky once he’d begun drinking. The gulps were hurried and desperate, and Steve wondered how long it had been since he’d been given water. He also tried not to think about seeing Bucky on that table.
A young boy about twenty feet away was yelling. “Papers! Get your news here folks. Don’t wait to hear about it, read it for ya’self. A penny a paper!”
Keeping his head where it was, he lifted his eyes to check on the other men. Bucky continued to pant while Steve looked on in what could only be described as fascination, confirming Tony’s theory that the two of them had never tried rimming. Shame.
“You’re always such a charmer, Anthony,” she murmured dangerously. “I’ve heard of your silver tongue. If you wish to keep it, tell me where my daughter and her fool husband are.”
Tony moaned again with his tongue still in Steve when Bucky pressed harder against his taint. It was almost too much and not nearly enough at the same time.
It was what made him fall in love with Tony in the first place. Tony cared about them and anyone else who needed his help.
What he’d called Tony last night, though? That had shocked him once he’d recovered from his orgasm and started thinking clearly. He’d just said it without thinking. The way Tony had spoken to him, almost disciplined him at one point, it had just put the word in his mind. He’d tried to hold off and told himself not to say it. He’d done so well until he’d come, and everything whited out.
He watched as Steve moved to his bedside table and grabbed a cup that was waiting beside a pitcher that hopefully contained water. Tony was so grateful to see the clear liquid pour into the small cup and was even more grateful when Steve brought it over to Tony’s lips.
Howard had already turned to Erskine before Tony had finished speaking. “About that energy problem, doc,” he began, “I’ve almost got the generator finished and should be able to run a small test to see if it actually produces those Vita-rays you wanted, but I need a better number on how much power you’ll require. Not enough and we give the test subject a really deep tan. Too much and we’ll fry the son of bitch, possibly the rest of the room too.”
Now, Tony would give anything if it meant that the metal arm would never exist. As he slid his fingers into Bucky’s loose grip to join their hands, he reminded himself of love and hope. They were the only weapons he had at the moment. It took a while, but eventually, Tony finally drifted off to sleep.
Steve’s mouth pulled into a tired smile. “I could make blueberry pie, and we could play gin. You’ll cheat with the cards, and he’ll complain even though he’s smiling.”
“Grab a helmet,” Tony told Steve, and he watched as the man went over to the wardrobe section and grabbed one of the girls’ helmets. He almost smiled when he saw it was one with the letter A.
“Aw, Jacques, you do care,” Bucky mumbled to him before turning to Tony. “I swear I’m alright, Tony.”
“He was so young when he had to start cooking for him and his ma, so the only thing he could do was boil stuff.” Bucky took a deep breath. He couldn’t bring himself to meet any of the other’s eyes so he kept his gaze focused on the table. “When we were about ten, I told him…I told him…”
Tony thought of how to tell them the most truthful answer he could. “Well, I was actually approached because of what I know and what I can do. Do you remember how I told you about my time in captivity, and how I made a valuable prisoner?”
He knew if it wasn’t for the insistence of Dr. Erskine, he would never have stepped foot on this base. He was a good man, a kind man. Agent Carter was the only other person besides the doctor and Tony that didn’t dismiss him because of his looks and health. She was one hell of a woman, but Steve had the nagging suspicion that Tony didn’t like her for some reason. Not that he got to see or speak to Tony often. They kept a very careful distance from each other on the occasions Tony would come to the base.
thicker than before, and as his tongue moved against Steve’s, he firmly wrapped his hand around Bucky.
Steve appeared from behind them and sat in the empty seat next to Bucky. “I’m glad you approve because you and Tony are my first choices.” Steve sighed. “I didn’t know this was what being a real Captain was like. I just can’t deal with any more reports and paperwork.”
Threatening to kill him. Breaking his arm with calm detachment. Suffocating him to get a point across. These things went unsaid, but Tony felt the words hovering around them.
Bucky went to the dresser and grabbed a clean shirt, holding it out to Tony. When he took the offering, Bucky turned his back to give him privacy as Steve left the room.
Tony’s hand in Steve’s hair tightened and pulled, stretching Steve’s head back into the couch’s cushioned arm. His other hand was harsh in its task of removing Steve’s boxers and socks, leaving Steve a panting mess beneath him. When he had to break the kiss to remove the shirt, Tony leaned back to his knees, released his hold on Steve’s hair and ordered, “Strip, now.”
“Sounds like a plan.” Tony answered without a trace of derision in his voice. “I’ll take the right side, and you’ll take the left with Steve in the middle?”
She shifted uncomfortably. “Yes, well, this is your transponder. Activate it when you’re ready, and the signal will lead us straight to you,” she said as she handed it to Steve.
Tony tried to reign in his excitement at the fact that the scientist was going to help, especially when he didn’t know what he’d have to answer. “What do you want to know?” He asked warily.
Bucky woke up feeling warm and confused. His breathing and heartrate was elevated, and it took a few moments before he remembered that he was in Steve’s room and was currently laying cuddled up against his side. That at least explained why he was so warm.
“Wait,” Dugan said, “The Steve and Tony? Your crazy roommates Steve and Tony? The artist and the genius?”
In fairness, the boat ride across the Atlantic hadn’t been too bad. He’d never been on a ship that big before; hell, he’d only been on a couple of ferry rides before that, but it was almost exciting to be doing something new and going to another continent while he did it. He didn’t think Tony had enjoyed it all that much.
Tony was chuckling as he turned to the blonde. “Steve, you know there’s another jar of mustard in the back of the cabinet.”
Bucky’s broken and tentative question made Steve want to go back in the shower and cry again. Instead, he just answered, “Of course, Buck, you don’t have to ask for that. You’re always welcome in here.”
Steve hated the people who’d done this to Bucky and countless others, and he promised himself that no matter what happened when he returned to camp, he was still going to make them pay. Steve was going to burn their world down. He looked back to the men who had become Steve's lead group and watched as they were making their return. They looked over at Bucky, whose eyes were already closed with sleep, and smiled before coming over to Steve.
Shit! The sorceress and wannabe ruler of the Dark Dimension was slowly walking towards him, her hips swaying seductively in that BDSM dress she always wore. An amused smirk on her full lips spelled out trouble. So much trouble.
“What if we lose him, Bucky?” Steve asked through his tears. “What if we don’t fix this in time? What if we can’t fix it, and Tony goes crazy from the isolation and grief? You heard what he said that day. He can’t live there alone. What if it becomes too much, and he kills himself? We’ll never get him back. We’ll never know what happened to him.”
The lyrics repeated themselves, and by the time they’d finished the full song, Steve’s breathing was nearly back to normal.
“That’s just how you said it when I fucked you!” Tony chirped lightheartedly. He loved messing with Steve. “Besides, Bucky’s not wrong. You’ve gotten into at least three fights since he left, and it’s barely been three weeks.”
Bucky did that thing where he seemed to go inside of himself when he tried to remember something. His memories were so deeply buried, and his mind was so damaged that he couldn’t even stay present if he wanted to recall them. “He had weird underwear.” He finally said.
“Breathe deep, Ok?" he watched as Steve tried to obey. "I’m going to sing a song, Steve, and you’re going to try to sing with me.” He spoke with forced calm, noticing how Bucky was watching him from behind Steve, still rubbing his arms and chest. “Alright, Steve?” Steve, gasping, just nodded.
She looked at him warily. He could understand her hesitance. Her husband just left her, and here was this man she barely knew playing the sympathetic card. “Thank you.” She said softly.
have had a cracked rib or two. One of his hips and both shoulders had probably been partially pushed from their sockets, but he knew they hadn’t been completely dislocated.
Steve knew Tony was working somewhere else in secret on whatever this project of theirs was. He missed him. He missed and worried about Bucky all the time, but he knew Bucky was an ocean away fighting. Tony was here, but he was still beyond Steve’s reach. They had agreed that they had to be very careful while Steve was at the base training. It was too much to risk just because they didn’t want to spend several weeks apart.
Bucky and the soldiers around them chuckled, and Steve smiled at Tony’s efforts to lift their moods. Steve knew they were tired and hungry, but they still marched proudly. He could see their eyes were still haunted from what they’d been through and the friends they’d lost, but they still tried to make conversation and laugh. These were good men, Steve thought.
This was what war was. Fighting and guns and soldiers could only get you so far. If you wanted to survive, to win, you had to be smart.
Steve’s answering smile was nearly enough to make Tony forget the throbbing ache in his back. He supposed spinal damage took a little time to get over. Tony briefly wished he had some frame of reference for this healing rate of his, but that wasn’t really an option for him. He did have Steve, however, and he would gladly make do with that to boost his spirits.
He realized that he had been both selfish and foolish. He was so busy driving himself crazy over what might happen in the years to come during the war, that he was wasting the time he had now. Not to mention he was being a very shitty partner to his lovers.
At that Bucky sprung off his too thin military mattress and stood with clenched fists, staring the other man down. He’d noticed Dugan and several others had stood as well. Bucky was about to tear the guy a new asshole, but it was Dugan that spoke first.
. I love my ma and sister, but Steve, he’s…It’s always been us, us against the world. People tearing him down because they think he’s too small, judging him against their own fucked up ideals. My old man tearing me down because he couldn’t deal with his shitty life, and my ma just pretending it wasn’t happening. When Sarah died, I had to take care of him. I’d promised her, and she’d always been so good to me. I’ve always looked out for that punk.”
Steve’s face looked serious as he hit the metal prop beside him and said, “No, this is my shield. Tony is my partner; he has my back.”
“I’m not sayin’ this to make you feel bad, honey, but I miss you.” Bucky took a deep breath and continued. “I don’t even need my daddy right now, but I miss my honey.”
At that moment Steve entered the tent, and he waved his hand to dismiss the men’s attempts to stand at his entrance. “No need for that, guys. We’re all sharing this tent. We don’t need any ceremony here.”
“I had him on the ropes,” Steve said as he wiped the dirt from his hand before pressing it to the side of his head. From behind Bucky, Tony snorted but didn’t comment.
Erskine leaned forward and rested his arms on the table. “I’m going to be very frank now with you, Mr. Stark. I have been through more than you can imagine. I have been at the mercy of some of the worst people on this planet. It has taught me a great deal, even though I never expected to live through the experience to use what I learned. It has taught me much of the words people choose to speak, and that what they do not say is often vastly more important.”
Tony and Steve were cleaning the mess from breakfast as James was readying himself to leave. Steve was washing the plates and frying pan while Tony dried. It was nice, simple in an almost soothing way, but Tony still kind of wanted to blast some AC/DC just out of habit. Even if he could, the music would probably give the boys a stroke.
“How is he doing, Tony?” Steve asked in a husky voice from above him. “Bucky really wanted to try this. Is he doing a good job?” He lifted himself slightly so Tony could answer.
“Approximately, one month, twelve days, fifteen hours and thirty-four minutes after Captain Rogers arrived with yourself, Ms. Romanoff and Mr. Wilson. Sir had been working tirelessly to keep you safe and ensure your wellbeing.”
