Alexander played well the part of devoted husband, caring for his ailing wife day in and day out. He mourned her loss when she passed not six months after her mysterious sickness began. Pierce stood there in the churchyard with his sons, looking the entire world as a bereaved man lying to rest his beloved. Yet, behind closed doors Alexander showed his true face.
Everything was more-or-less fine, if one did not account for the round of vomiting that morning. Not to mention, how Wendy threw a little tantrum over not being able to go up and play with Auntie Pepper and the baby. He suspected the little girl missed Butter the french bulldog more so than genuinely wanting to see the baby. Peter was very quiet through the whole exchange and just sighed as pinched the bridge of his little nose. A very Tony-like gesture if Steve had ever seen one.
Wendy snapped to attention, her twin not far behind as the little ones marched exaggeratedly to the elevator, Loki following close behind holding their little overnight bags.
He stopped looking at the time hours ago, or was it days. Everything felt like it just melted together in an endless parade of sympathy cards and well wishes. He just needed to get away from it for a while so he went were he had always felt at peace. Only know even is refuge held memories that plagued him.
Bruce stood up walking over to what Tony was looking at, “ These are the reports from the hospital after Cap was shot.”
“With all due respect. Sir.”Phillip straightened his back and regarded the other man. If Nick thought he was going to imply his loyalties had somehow shifted. Well in a way, he was right. The fact was they had shifted but not in the way that the other man thinks. If anything this odd little miss matched, family that Coulson has fallen into has made his profound convictions even stronger. “If I thought for even one second, Stark or Loki would be a liability or a threat to my family or this country. I would put them down myself.”
I hate you : Loki
“I loathe this...it is...hellish” Loki belched and groaned. “Your child is a demon...It rejects all form of sustenance.”
Watching as that limp fire scorched suit free fell through the atmosphere was terrifying. Because in a split second Steve could see Bucky’s face before his best friend fell from that train. Cap was going to lose someone else that meant something to him…something he was not even sure of yet. Tony was coming down hot and there was nothing they could do.
Steve couldn't help but laugh. “Go take a shower, dinner is soon and you stink. Then maybe later.”
Steve woke up early that morning, much earlier than usual and he felt strange. The night before Tony had been tinkering in the workshop late into the evening so Steve had gone to sleep in his own bed. Pepper had come by,  letting him know it was her fault stating “Tony’s got some paper work and a new Stark phone update he really needs to finish up so I can present it to the board tomorrow afternoon”  Steve had assured her it was fine and thanked her for letting him know.
Logan couldn't help but laugh a little, grinning even more broadly when their beers were brought to them by a cute young woman who gave them both a wink. "Well, a nice fight'd always been entertainin'," he said. He knew Scott probably wouldn't agree, but Logan had no plans to start anything. "Though I'm not the one who took the ceilin' off Grand Central Station. You're the one they really oughta be afraid of."
"I will," Steve agreed solemnly. "I won't let anything happen to either of you." More than anything, Steve hoped he could keep the promise. The elevator dinged, the doors opened, and he took a breath. "Let's go see what we can do to keep you safe too."
Logan scowled faintly, but didn't push further. A moment later, his head cleared a little. "I was... I was goin' to find Coulson." His eyes, clearer now though still not right, drifted up to Steve's face once again. "Maybe.. maybe you better make sure I get there," he decided. The words felt almost forced as Logan struggled to say them. Whatever Loki had done to him, it was making it difficult to do the right thing.
"I'm afraid the Captain wasn't able to make it." The overhead lights flickered to life and illuminated the room - a simple cell with little more than the slab on which Tony was strapped. The soldier flicked a switch near the door and the metal contraption tilted so that Tony could see him better. "But we'll make sure he sees everything. A feed is being patched in to SHIELD headquarters as we speak. You two seem close, so we felt sure you wouldn't mind sharing. Or showing off a little," he added with a nod to Tony's body in case the man hadn't fully registered his nudity.
"I’d like to think you do," Jemme agreed. The truth was that rather than being bothered by the grief, she felt better knowing that Bruce was so comfortable around her. He kept to himself a great deal, and she knew there weren't many people he broke down around in any sense of the word. "Fitz is just a bit jealous - not, I mean... it isn't romantic, but we just... we've been each other's for a long time. He takes it hard when he loses my time." She offered an apologetic smile. "That doesn't mean he doesn't like you, though. He's just a bit of a harder sell is all."
Clint thought about it, then shook his head. "I guess not. Maybe? Hard to tell. I think she was a lot of it. I was just hoping, you know? I was afraid that I'd get close to someone and then suddenly she'd come around and I'd have to choose." He fiddled with his cup. "That, and... I don't know. It just seemed scary to let someone in. I was afraid, too, that I'd find someone, then they'd get to know me, then run screaming at some point. I mean, I don't exactly have a great resume. I ran away to join the circus, I was a mercenary for a bunch of terrorist shitbags, and now I'm an assassin for a scary government agency. Not exactly online dating material." He gave Phil a sheepish look. "Sorry. That... that makes it sound like I think you have low standards or something. Mostly, it's just that... well, you know everything about me that I'd expect to be a deal breaker and you aren't running. You haven't run. You've been my friend, in fact. One of the few... make that *two* close ones that I have."
"I may have just been trying to make you look like that. Maybe." Steve couldn't help but laugh at the look on Tony's face. "A blow job might be a little obvious, but a hand job... if we're all drinking. Or it's just Nat and Clint." Somehow he doubted either one of them would bat an eyelash whether they knew what was going on or not. He knew nothing about their sex life and frankly didn't want to, but Steve had never taken them for vanilla one way or another. "If it's you, I can probably be persuaded to be flexible. A little bit. Sometimes. But you have to admit that public restrooms are pretty gross."
Tony wasn't about to. He slowly licked his way in deeper, tongue thrusting slowly into Steve's hole. His fingers kneaded the blonde's ass as he worked, and he became completely focused on the shift of Steve's hips, the incredible sounds of arousal he made as Tony worked him open. Tony’s fingers grazed lightly over Steve's balls, his cock, teasing without providing any relief as he focused on all the little shifts and motions that made Steve gasp. He wanted to see how much it would take to make his lover beg, and he was pretty sure that as long as Steve kept making those sounds of pleasure, Tony could wait as long as he needed to.
"Government and their deep pockets," Logan muttered, looking around at the opulent lobby. He didn't show it, but he felt notably out of place, and the rich dignitaries floating around sipping champagne and pretending to be civilized rubbed him entirely the wrong way. Thankfully, Steve and Tony moved fast enough to get them to their suite before Logan got eyeballed more than he'd like. //Guess flannel's not in style around here.//
Clint took a deep breath and nodded. "Alright, then." He gave Phil's hand another squeeze under the table, trying to keep the trepidation out of his eyes as they exchanged glances. "Alright, I'll do it. What's another six months in containment, right?"
"Universal access." Clint didn't seem overly concerned, even though he likely should have been. He was feeling brave with Nat there to back him up. "It's Loki."
Steve couldn't help a soft sigh at the words. "You're evil. Apparently I like that in a guy," he assured before closing the distance between them to kiss Tony. It was less tentative than their kisses the night before or even that morning. Against all odds, Tony seemed to really mean it, seemed to really want him despite it all. The implications of that, the thought of what he actually hadn't lost, left Steve's mind reeling. "Think maybe we can get you another science break tonight? I'm pretty sure it would be a rip off to get out of the hospital bed and then still have to sleep alone. At least a nap... maybe... a little extra time for us?"
"This is... swank, actually." Darien watched the other man curiously. He was hot. He also seemed a little homicidal, but he was hot. //If I have to be on a flight to crazytown, at least the scenery's nice.// "So do you guys pick up every freak you read about, or am I special?" He knew that the Avengers were interested in people with special skills, he had just never expected his to be the sort that a team of that caliber would care about. "And you guys know that apart from the gland thing, I'm just a half-assed cat burglar and con man, right? Not that I'm looking to get my ass tossed out of the helicopter, but this seems like one of those rare times when it's better to have all your cards on the table."
Heavy sleeper or not, it took seconds before Steve was on his feet and standing behind Logan. "What- oh." The situation became clear rather quickly, and he had to fight not to laugh. He had learned the first time he was around a truly sloshed Tony Stark that the man could be a bit handsy when he was inebriated. "Tony, I imagine you don't remember, but you started the night out on the couch. You ended it in Logan's bed. I think it was a little.. startling," he supplied as calmly as possible, though Steve finally gave up trying not to smile. Deciding that caffeine might diffuse the situation and convince Logan not to make good on his threats from the night before about slicing up their resident genius, Steve added, "I'll order us some breakfast," before making his way into the sitting area to place the order.
"Might, actually," Logan returned with a brief smirk. He leaned in for another kiss, drawing back to relish the chance to look into Scott's bright blue eyes. One of his hands roamed down Scott's chest and cupped the bulge in Scott's jeans, stroking over it slowly, fingers tracing the outline of the man's swelling shaft. //Nice...// He used his other hand to grip Scott's hip so he could thrust his own burgeoning arousal against the other man. His mind briefly conjured an image of him bending Scott over the bed and fucking him into the mattress. //No. Take this slow,// he reminded himself, surprised momentarily by the vivid, almost violent nature of the image. It was impossible to dwell on it, though, as Scott's scent and touches kept Logan grounded firmly in the moment.
And for those who watched the Invisible Man TV series... yes, that Darien Fawkes. I bastardized him for purposes of the story. You'll see a lot more of him in the next chapter. I regret nothing.
"I think we can take care of that for you. Fury keeps telling me I should use the company card for something other than basics. I'm pretty sure steak, some good beer, and a new wardrobe count." The idea of getting out for reasons almost entirely unrelated to work was rather pleasant. Steve called a cab, still too uncertain about the idea of driving on the cutthroat streets of New York to try it. Coulson had given him a few lessons, and it hadn't even taken him entirely through the second one to realize he didn't honestly want to take things any farther.
"I second that emotion," Phil added, though he suspected that Steve's vote counted for more than his own. "You can help here. You can do some good. That's ultimately what we're all looking to do even if we all go about it different ways. Even Stark."
"So do you," Loki returned quietly. He could feel the tension and unease in Tony, the trembling and the taut muscles. "You seem tense... I'm sure I can help with that." Loki reached a hand up to carefully massage the muscles of Tony's neck, urging him to roll onto his stomach so that he could focus on the contact. Normally being a masseuse for a prisoner wouldn't have been on the menu, but the situation was interesting. The potential was interesting. "Just lie back and let me make you feel good."
"Sore. But well enough to leave," Tony added petulantly. "Also bored. And a little concerned. I can't for the life of me remember what it was about Logan, but I feel like we should be pretty worried. Did he say whether Loki did anything to him? Weird beverages? Strange sex rituals? Questionably shiny apples?"
Darien swallowed hard. He couldn't resist letting his gaze move down to Clint's tongue curling against Nat's sex. Seeing her naked did less than nothing for him, but watching Clint work was sexy as hell.
"Okay, then let's try a little experiment." Phil tried to sound calm with his heart pounding and his palms sweating. He set his mug aside and then slid Clint's to the side on the counter as well. Leaning across it, he held his hands out toward Clint. "Give me your hands. I'm not going to break them." He waited until Clint closed the distance before gently clasping the man's hands. The contact was electric for him. The question was whether it felt that way to Clint. After a second to just enjoy the touch, Phil turned the archer's hands over and stroked his thumbs across the palms. He explored, examined, felt every line and callous on the surface in a way he’d never expected to be allowed, and finally lifted one of Clint's hands to his lips and kissed it softly. Only then did he finally let himself meet Clint's gaze to see his reaction.
Simmons scoffed, "Of course, I'm sure he did, but that... well, it's still something. Maybe he really does need help. Loki, I mean, not Mr. Stark. Maybe he really does need a place to stay." She looked from one man to the other. "It isn't as if we turned Logan away, and his past is certainly, er, colorful."
Loki raised a hand and threw a barrier up, letting Logan throw himself against it and watching the man with detached curiosity. "Careful. You might hurt yourself." His gaze swept imperiously over to the others assembled. "I could swear I killed you already."
"You have no idea."
"Hey, the drape thing? That was my joke. Just puttin' that out there," Tony said, putting aside his touchpad. "I, for one, would give my eye teeth to personally watch you stab Loki in the face. A few of us would, actually." He gave Phil a meaningful look. "And, who knows? Maybe Asgardians are susceptible to adamantium poisoning."
Clint was hoping Coulson hadn't heard the soft whimper that escaped him when he wrapped his hand around the archer's cock. It took him a moment to remember that he had other things to take care of, and he fumbled with Phil's belt and fly before he finally managed to get his hand into his partner's underwear. He pressed his cheek to Coulson's, his hand wrapping surely around his handler's cock as he breathed, "Hope you're okay with me sucking you until your eyes roll back and your knees buckle."
Steve nodded his agreement with the assessment. "I thought..." It sounded crazy even in his own head, and Steve hesitated before he actually voiced what could well have been a momentary hallucination. "I thought I saw somebody I knew... somebody who should be dead. But it doesn't make sense. Maybe just... the stress..." He shook his head and, noting Tony's fingers shifting beneath his own, loosened his grip slightly. "Sorry. Too hard?" It was easy in moments of genuine fear to lose track of the little things and how much he needed to compensate for his enhanced strength. "We'll find out what happened. You have security cameras around here, right?"
"Well, nothing you have to worry about now," Tony pointed out. "We'll... I don't know... do something outrageously extravagant. Eat an endangered animal or something." Thinking about all the things Steve had never had made him want to present the man the world on a silver plate. "Good thing you didn't get left behind. Then we wouldn't be cuddling."
It didn't take much of Tony's incredible intellect to figure out what Logan meant. He grinned again and settled in front of the blonde, his hand tangling in Steve's hair to guide him closer to his waiting cock. He was anxious to see those beautiful lips wrapped around his aching length.
The mutant laughed, watching Clint shift on the ground, obviously trying to get back up. "I'd stay down, little man," he said, closing in on Phil as he spoke, pressing himself to the agent's back. "You should be awake for this." One hand slid up Coulson's chest, pulling him back against Victor as he breathed in the man's scent.
Logan didn't let Scott move away until he'd grabbed a second kiss. "Be happy to help ya train," he agreed, forcing himself to let go of his lover. He moved to start dressing as Scott headed for the door. "Love ya, darlin'."
Though his smile faltered at the clasped hands, Fitz agreed, "Sounds good. It would be nice to see the team in a non-emergency situation."
Tony barely let himself think. Loki was still alive, and they had one last option. "Keep him back," he told Scott. "I need a few seconds, and your boyfriend needs you to keep this freak away from him." Tony yanked the oversized arc reactor away from the gun, dragging metallic tubing from the opening left behind. It coupled perfectly with the suit's chest-mounted nanorepulsor, and Tony felt a strange thrum through his entire body as the gun's energy systems linked to the suit's and to him. He tugged away the focusing and targeting mechanisms, leaving little more than the energy chamber. Tony held his free hand out, aiming the repulsor in it. Instead of the usual bright blue, the weapon crackled with dark energies, and Tony felt feverish and weak and vaguely like he was going hollow on the inside.
Natasha passed Scott another shot. "I think that's a double," she affirmed, watching as he downed it before smiling at Logan. "You opened the door, so spill. You tell yours and maybe I'll be nice and tell some of mine." Natasha had been part of plenty of interesting scenarios, and she had no real problem disclosing them - especially if it got Logan talking.
Scott almost cautioned her against it, told the woman that he was hoping to stay out of things for awhile, then subsided. It didn't matter. They were enjoying themselves, and besides, being out of the line of duty for awhile didn't mean forever. "Thanks." He took in the grouping on her target and nodded his approval. "That's impressive."
"Asking a god - well, someone who pretends they are a god - for anything? Pretty high on the weird scale," Fitz agreed. He could barely wrap his head around everything that had happened over the past few days. It was a bizarre turn to be faced with gods and monsters and to accept that they were entirely real and apparently part of the new order.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
"Sure as hell don't wanna stay here," Logan decided, pushing himself to his feet. He felt shaky - an unusual sensation for him - but otherwise alright. He was recovering quickly, though. As he started toward the door with Scott, though, Bruce stood.
Tony hadn't missed the rage that flashed across Loki's face, and the laughter that followed it didn't make him much more comfortable. When the god beckoned him closer, he had to remind himself forcefully that he didn't get to say no. "Maybe you don't realize this, but I can be terrified of you while I feel sorry for you. Bruce also kind of terrifies me on his off days," he said, forcing himself to climb onto the bed next to his captor.
Clint was grateful for the other man's grounding presence. Thinking about lost agents, especially knowing he'd killed a few himself - even though it was under someone else's control - hurt in ways he couldn't begin to articulate. The mention of Phil getting the Cap's shield permanently tattooed into him gave him a good chuckle. "I get not being able to decide." It was his turn to squeeze Phil's hand, and he bumped shoulders with the other man. "And I think the shield might've been cool. Just a small one on the shoulder."
"I think you're pretty well spoken," Steve answered with a laugh. "How about I go get us some food? If we're planning to spend all night in bed, I'll need sustenance. Any requests?"
Logan groaned, his fingers digging into the sheets to try and get traction as he savored the contact, groaning and growling for all he was worth. He'd felt the slight hesitation in the blonde as he'd regained his wits, but Steve was as strong as Logan had hoped for, and the animal inside him revelled in meeting an equal. Fucking and fighting were separated by a very thin line for the feral mutant, and having no reason to hold back made the line that much more blurry. That, and it had been a damned long time since Logan had had a good roll.
The tension eased even if it didn't go out of the room. Coulson cursed himself for being so sloppy. It was the lack of proper sleep and the mess that was his mind dealing with everything. Maybe it was the hammer and holding it even for a short time. Maybe it was just the fact that the idea of losing Clint to some damn piece of Asgardian trash made him want to tie the man down and keep him from touching anything at all. It was all ridiculous and not in the least bit helpful or productive. He cast a glance at Clint and offered him a flicker of a smile that he hoped would serve as a silent apology for the outburst.
Deciding that he had probably teased Steve more than enough, Tony smiled and thanked the other man for the compliment. "You know, we're really going to have to see about getting you better acclimated to the 21st century," he decided, pulling off onto a road next to the coast. "I wouldn't mind teaching you a thing or two if you're willing to learn from me." The drive wound its way toward the Stark mansion which faced the roaring waves of the ocean. "It's a bit much," he conceded before Steve could remark on the home, “but it suits me just fine."
Logan got himself out of bed with far less grace and professionalism. Hair mussed and wearing a set of boxers that he'd obviously just dragged on, he glowered wordlessly at Steve as he stalked toward the coffee pot. When the man opened his mouth to speak, he held up a silencing finger as he poured himself a cup. Once he'd had a sip, he raised an eyebrow and leaned back against the counter. "I'm guessin' you've got somethin' important goin' on to drag yourself away from your playboy and risk talkin' to me before I've had my coffee?"
"Sorry," Steve murmured with a sigh. He followed Tony's lips and couldn't resist stealing another quick kiss. It felt good, and he let some of the tension fall away from his shoulders. "I am, though. Terrified. I can't stop thinking that the things that matter the most to me are all about to change. How am I supposed to expect you to sit here waiting? This might never be okay, Tony. I know you and Bruce, you can do damn near anything, but this is..." Steve tried to stop himself from speaking. There were worries a lot more basic than that on his mind. He shifted uneasily and then shrugged one slim shoulder. "Plus I was thinking that maybe yesterday with the bad light and the mask and... that maybe you didn't see just how bad this is. So maybe you'd freak out a little today. And that makes me feel like I'm going to freak out a little."
Tony frowned. While he had a ridiculously good memory, he hadn't read every last thing in Logan's file, but there was some filename or headline or... something that was bugging him. "There's something. If Loki can access Logan's missing memories... I have a feeling we may be in for trouble. I guess I'll have some reading to do while I get better." He sighed. "Any chance of you smuggling a Big Mac in here for me for lunch? One more carbon patty from the cafeteria and I'll scream."
Thankful that he wasn't quite as pure and innocent as his friends seemed to think he was, Steve forced his eyes open so he didn't miss a thing. Any blushing virgin would have been finished already, and after a long - decades long, he supposed - dry spell, Steve was proud of himself for holding out so well. Keeping his pace achingly slow helped. It also drew out the pleasure of Tony's muscles rippling around him. "You're beautiful," he whispered, the words slipping out before he could think that they might be the wrong thing to say.
"You say that like we're only gonna do it once," Tony said with a smirk, his fingers still thrusting slowly inside his lover. "But I get it. And I kinda like that," he decided, drawing his fingers away. He shifted, kneeling between Steve's thighs as he slicked himself with more lube. He would have been inclined to prep Steve a little more, but between their mutual eagerness and the fact that Steve wanted to feel it a little the next day, Tony was at the end of his patience. Taking his cock in one hand and bracing the other beside Steve's chest, Tony leaned forward, kissing him gently before drawing back. Tony watched his lover's face closely as guided himself to Steve's waiting entrance; he didn't want to miss a thing.
Tony set his jaw, swallowed hard and nodded. He knew Steve was right. "Alright," he said, sounding defeated and numb. He didn't cry. It wasn't something he did, but there was plenty of fear and hurt and worry in his eyes. "Alright, yeah." He drew back, still hanging onto Steve as well as he could without hindering the man's movements. He led the man to a table and yanked the cloth off an odd shape, revealing the gun.
"You got that philosophy about everything that's attached to ya?" Logan wanted to know, though his tone conveyed more good-natured ribbing than out-and-out hostility.
Tony wasn't exactly the best about wearing protection when he should. When he didn't *have* to? He wasn't about to consider it. "Well, since nobody here can catch anything from anyone else here, I'm really all about keeping this from being any more complicated than it has to be," he replied, grabbing the box and heaving it across the room for emphasis. "I think we can do without." He started to lean in for a kiss, but Logan moved first.
The words were hardly comforting, but Coulson rose stiffly and made his way out of the room. There was more to the story. There was more to the story that might very well save Steve's career and Coulson's sanity, and Fury was still sitting on it. As much as he would have liked to chalk that up to the man being a hardass or a complete psychopath, he'd known Nick Fury long enough to know better. And that was the part that really scared him.
Steve could happily have spent the rest of the day just like that, tangled up in Tony with the man's lips pressed to his own. He hadn't realized quite how badly he needed the quiet reassurance of knowing that Tony wanted him. "I should make you stay and work," he confessed somewhat breathlessly against Tony's lips. His fingers were already running through Tony's hair and stroking the back of his neck. Normally the whole thing would have been a bit much for him when they were sitting in a thoroughfare where anyone could pass by. Nothing about the previous few days had even vaguely approached normal, however, and Steve wasn’t about to give up the moment.  "I think maybe we've earned some time to be selfish, though."
Logan paused. //Well, if I'm gonna jump in, might as well with both feet.// "Alright." Stark wasn't exactly the guy he'd pick as the extra, but at least the man wasn't bad-looking.
It was funny, but the house struck Steve immediately as being reminiscent of the "homes of the future" he'd seen illustrated in magazines. "It's beautiful." It was a bit much, though, and honestly not to Steve's taste, but he would never have said as much. He was a guest, and the place was meant to suit Tony, not him - and it did that perfectly. A little over the top, sleek, sexy - Steve cut the thought off before he could let it solidify. "I wouldn't mind some pop culture lessons," he allowed. "I'm getting better, but there's only so much a guy can read and watch and absorb at a time. It can be kind of overwhelming." He'd started with history, trudging through volumes on politics and the heartbreaking losses suffered in Korea and Vietnam, painfully aware that he could have done something if he'd just been there. "Might be nice having somebody to get me started."
"Y'know, for a guy with a good sense of smell, you pick some awful smelling places to hang out," Tony pointed out as Steve started hauling him out of the bar. "Or is it like a dog thing? Y'know, y'smell something we think is awful, but you wanna roll in it?"
"So, if I hang the briefing on the breakroom fridge, he'll leave me alone?" Logan deadpanned, then quirked a faint smile. "Okay, maybe I'll just tenderize 'im some, then." He sighed. "Y'know, as much as I hate shoppin', I'm gonna need more clothes. Unless you people got some layin' around. And a beer and a steak wouldn't hurt my feelin's, either." He wondered a little at what exactly Steve thought of Tony. Instincts and base emotions and impulses were the things Logan understood best, and it wasn't hard to read the blonde's body language even if Steve himself might not have been entirely aware of how he was acting.
"Never seen adrenaline do that before."
"When you out it that way, it sounds much more appealing," Tony noted. He slid into the shower, tugging Steve along with him. He couldn't resist just holding the blonde under the hot spray for a long while before he finally made himself grab the shampoo and start washing Steve's hair. "I am definitely looking forward to waking up next to you. You're cuddly," Tony mumbled happily. Between the sex and the hot shower, he was starting to feel relaxed and sleepy.
Coulson tried not to let the remark get under his skin, but it was an important reminder. He could have been Clint's father or close to it, and the idea wasn't exactly a comfortable one given how often his thoughts about Clint headed straight into the gutter. Instead of putting anymore thought into it, he tried to focus on finishing up and plating dinner for them. "Hopefully it will meet your high standards. I know it's no blue box macaroni," Coulson teased as he set the food down on the table alongside Clint's salads.
"I prefer a hands on approach. I'm sure you understand." Loki stepped easily through the forcefield to stand in front of the man. "Ready? Not that it matters."
Clint nodded, trying to focus a little. "That's fair," he allowed, smirking impishly at Phil nonetheless. "I'll take it easy on you this time." It was a bluff, of course. Much as he wanted to through Phil down and commit all kinds of public indecency with the man, he also didn't want to cheapen what they had. It was amazing just spending time with Phil. Relaxing. The only other times Clint felt as centered was when he was at the range or meditating. The idea of an actual human being making him feel so calm would take some getting used to, but it was certainly a welcome change.
"Let's go talk to Director Fury." He was tired of waiting. Things were spiraling out of control, and soon they'd be down to base SHIELD agents for the mission. Without the Avengers and with the aid of the X-Men precarious at best, Coulson wasn't willing to take that chance. That wasn't how they would beat Loki. He waved off the secretary's attempt to call Fury and knocked directly on the man's door instead. When it opened, Coulson nodded a quick greeting. "Director, I think we need to move on this. Now."
"I think half the reason Natasha looked so pissed in the infirmary is because the medical team was supposed to be allowed to look the prisoners over before she could talk to them. What they really wanted was for her to sleep. Something tells me she's probably pacing the halls like a creepy Russian tiger instead." He couldn't help smiling, though. Sexy as hell and great in bed or not, she also happened to be one of the most capable, controlled people he'd had the pleasure of going into the field with. "I get the feeling she won't get a crack at them until after the meeting with Fury. If they even let her get close. She kind of seemed like taking them in was a consolation prize at best."
Loki sat up and broke his gaze away from Stark. There was really no point in trying to talk to a mortal, but he needed to talk to someone. Stark was there, which made him the obvious choice. It was a frustrating conundrum. Once upon a time when he was younger, Loki had thought there was hope that his brother might be an ally, someone to listen to his thoughts and problems. Of course it turned out that women and mead were of far greater interest to Thor. "It's my understanding that your fortune came from selling weapons of destruction, Mr. Stark. You're sure that the leadership of your planet is doing so fine a job?"
Hurriedly flinging her bracers aside, Natasha moved in. She knew it would be stupid to judge the man by his age or go easier on him for it. It just meant his bones would break a lot more easily. She rolled beneath Sif and moved to sweep the man's legs out from beneath his body. "I think we have a decent idea," she countered, leaping for the mutant and hoping that the blitz and a little pain would distract him enough to let the others get free.
"None that I'm willing to go on record about," Coulson answered enigmatically. He half wished he did have a mutation or two. It would have made the grunt work he took on a lot easier, but Coulson was happy to do it. There were flashier ways to live. He relished the knowledge that he kept the machine running even if it felt like a chore some days. "I'd offer to be your bartender for the evening again, but now that we're supposed to keep an eye on the Logan situation, I think that would be even more ill advised than it would have been before. Besides, Nat might be feeling better before you know it."
"You know, of all the adjectives used to describe me, I think that's a first for 'nice'," Tony observed, leaning in for a chaste kiss. "Wait, just the two of us... Does that mean that the elevator's an option? I mean, I could probably find a way to get it stuck between floors or something." Knowing he was probably pushing it, Tony decided, "Or... we could just do the log cabin. That works, too."
"If you can stop choking for a few seconds," Natasha replied as if the entire scene hadn't been one of the funniest things she'd seen in months. Clint was surprisingly easy to wind up. Pleasantly so, really. "Better? You sure?" She caught Clint's eye and nodded slowly once he affirmed his readiness. "Well, I told you I knew he liked guys because I ran into him when he was out on a date with one. Finding out he likes girls was a lot more... direct."
Though she hated to interrupt the moment, Simmons quietly cleared her throat. "Captain? I'm afraid I need to check your vitals as well. It shouldn't take a moment." Thanks to Stark's equipment, the process was quick and relatively painless regardless of what they needed to know.
"He's seein' things," Logan refuted. SHIELD didn't have psychics, and there was nothing that could be proven. It was his word against Nat's, and she was obviously in a lot worse shape than him. "I haven't done anything to hurt SHIELD." It was halfway a truth. He hadn't done anything on purpose. He'd hoped that what he'd done was harmless.
"From what I hear, you need to give that speech to Fury," Logan countered. He indicated Clint and Nat with a tilt of his head. "And how about the wonder twins? Can't tell me that they've shared everything with you. Willin' to bet the stuff they're talkin' about right now is just between them." He shrugged. "Should listen to Scott. I'll take care o' my team." He squeezed the man's knee. "Even if we fight a little."
Steve nodded and lifted the gun. He breathed deeply and ran through the sequence of buttons precisely as Tony had instructed him. It wasn't a complicated process, but he did everything deliberately. If they only had one chance, he wouldn't risk doing something wrong. The jolt of power took him by surprise just the same. It felt as if the blast was moving through him more than through the gun, and Steve stumbled for a second. The beam of dark energy remained more or less level, and he watched as Natasha's eyes widened. Steve realized that he'd never really seen her surprised before. The closest thing he could think of to compare the way he felt was when he was younger and in the grip of a bad asthma attack. His chest tightened painfully, his arms shaking until he finally had to stop.
"A pot. All of it. Irish, preferably," Tony decided. He'd found a few of the snacks he'd hidden around the lab, munching on them, but his stomach still gurgled. "Go to the Coffee Cat on the corner. I want one of their raspberry krullers. Or five. Cream cheese, too," he added, still staring at his tablet. Tony clearly had no qualms about using the pair as interns, credentials or no. He'd have respect for them if they figured out the problem at hand.
Logan took a shot and smirked. "I'm not sure if this is more unfair for you two, or for me." When you'd lived as long as Logan had, the list of things you'd never done was pretty goddamn short. But at least he didn't run the risk of actually getting drunk. "Alright. Not a lot o' things to work with for me. Let's see... I've never cross-dressed. That I remember."
“Tony... Tony, no... NO! Please... no Please!” Steve finds himself on the floor and he can hear the kids crying in the other room. Peter is screaming and Wendy keeps calling for him, he cannot help them and God Bless Pepper's voice trying to comfort them. He wishes he had the strength to, for all he has it has become worthless now.
Apologizing wasn't exactly something that Tony was well versed in. He was basically the King of never admitting when he's wrong. This time though, he was wrong. He did what he did to get home but part of him liked it – a little too much and that terrified him. Extremis was changing him, more than just physically and Tony didn't want that change to take away the very thing he fought so hard to protect.
"Right...ok...let um...come on." Tony didn't know what to say so he just ushered the taller man back into the building. It was cold out that night and Loki was barefoot and shirtless wearing something that looked like an old bathrobe and pajama pants.
Steve couldn’t help but smile, he’d dreamed of this when he was younger. Sitting in a crowded theater with someone holding his hand. Feeling small in front of that big screen as colors flashed by, of course in those days the colors were muted by his poor eyes unable to perceive the rich reds and vibrant green.
The guards approached and saw the little bundle in the sirens arms with just a hint of a tail fin peeking out of the end of the wrappings. Knowing who she was one called for a messenger to fetch Prince Loki. Amora however stopped him.
“Yeah I am, are you?”
Tony watched as his omega disappeared into the bathroom and found himself alone with his thought, zipping up his under suit and thinking about all the possibilities ahead of him “J, how ’s that little project I had you working on?”
Steve nodded along and helped Bruce with a set of plates when he returned from the kitchen. “Tony keeps telling me that, I hear there is going to be a Disney themed exhibit soon for kids, I may take them to that and if I can drag Tony along that will be a bonus.”
“I SAID GET OUT!” the gravel metallic voice rang through the armors faceplate.
“We can’t apply a figure to this unfortunately. There is no one else like Captain Rogers, but if I had to equate it to other high-risk pregnancies involving hormonal imbalances and underdeveloped internal reproductive systems. We are looking at a window of around 13 to 18 weeks to watch very closely for any signs of fetal distress. Given what we know between now and then, 50%. Odds will go up in favor of survival past that mark. I wish I had better news for you both, I truly do.” She sounded so apologetic.
He tried to shake off the feeling, of course, they hadn’t bonded. It was the first heat they shared, and why would Tony ever want to bond with him. Even if they could be together the public would think it strange since no one knew Steve’s true nature save for the members of their team.  Plus, Steve was…wrong, where the serum had given him so much it also mangled him in a way that he could never be like other omega…never give Tony what another omega could.  They knew that.
Normally Steve could stay awake for a week if he had to. However, as the scientist pointed out - this was not a normal situation for Steve. Any body process not devoted to his unborn children had slowed down to a very non-powered level. Which left Steve’s internal clock craving its eight to ten hours of shuteye?
The soldier laughed, “What was that?”
Tony hears Steve get up and approach the screen, the omegas scent instantly took on an alkaline quality. Steve’s fists clinched at his sides and shoulders pulled back. This wasn’t Steve anymore, this was Captain America…and he was pissed.
. Tony never had been a praying man but there was a small part of him that considered it these days. If there was anyone up there listening maybe they would be kind enough to guide him home.
There was a time when he was broken too, after hydra weeks James ‘Bucky’ Barnes spent staring at walls.  He came out of it though, he came out and this was the life he found. He had to believe that Loki was going to come out the other side of this. He would be here waiting.
Bucky had his shirt off and in the process of peeling Tony out of his. Steve felt his breath catch at the sight, hard muscle pressing against the taut round belly of their omegas belly.  He swallowed down a rumble of arousal. “I see you two are having fun.”
Tony squirmed against the enthusiasm. “Alright big fella, calm down a little you’re gonna bruise up the goods.”
Loki smiled against his alphas neck, “It sounds perfect.”
Tony was standing by the bed with a big box wrapped in red white and blue paper. "There's my baby."
Tony swallowed down his tears and kissed the top of his sons head. He cried enough this morning alone in bed. Stark had held it all in for the last few days, he kept away from the penthouse and slept in the lab. The whole time with just him and Peter on an inflatable mattress, under the watchful eye of Jarvis and the bots.  Peter had cried so much the first couple of days and Tony had to keep it together.  He had to be there to cuddle away the tears and tell Peter how much his Papa loved him and always would. He had to do the right thing, and even though he wasn’t a religious man, he knew Steve was, “Papa’s in heaven and he will always love you ok Pete, he’s always there and you can talk to him when ever you want and he’ll always listen. I’m here and I love you so much, you know that right buddy?”
Stark's screams had James staggering to his feet and firing at Mallen's back. The glowing mass of man shook with the rounds and stepped away from the downed armor. It wasn't much but it was the best they had now.
Letting his eyes linger longer, Tony found himself missing more. The little white mark on the palm of his left hand from falling down in Aunt Peggy's garden when he was ...what was it 5? 6? He still remembers cutting his palm on a sharp stone and how Howard just glared at him for crying and Maria had stood off to the side sipping her cocktail. Aunt Peggy was the one that picked him up and Aunt Angie with her sweet smelling hair had hugged him and bandaged up his hand.
Walking into the private floor where they had been residing, James notices one thing immediately. The senses of ease and calm washed over him like a cool breeze and made his skin buzz with possibility. He was struck by the thought that it had been so long since he'd last had this sensation of restfulness along his mates bond.
“Less Loki? I'm not sure I follow.” She replied, drumming her fingers on the high curve of her stomach.
RIP - Captain America.
The hospital staff cast weary glances; no one wanted to be the one to have to tranquilize Captain America. Thankfully, Natasha stepped in, her hands up and voice calm.
The other alpha gave him a strange look, questioning in away but too nice to say anything. It wasn’t like there wasn’t rumors about the sexual habits of Tony Stark. The billionaire, playboy, philanthropist had been known to tempt anyone gender or classification be damned. So the doubt meaning did not slip through the cracks.
"of course he can baby"
"Hello Anthony, feeling bored in you gilded tower?"
“What are you doing?”
For Steve it was like falling, floating, and flying all at once. The world hazed over and all he felt was the hard bite on his throat and the orgasm tingling through his limbs. He wasn’t even sure he knew how to breathe for a moment, in fact, he was pretty sure he’d stopped for a moment until feeling strong hand wrap around his chest and belly.  Alpha was there, alpha would take care of everything. It was ok now, the babies were ok, they would live and be healthy and Steve was good. He felt it all filling his head at once, a powerful love washing over him and he knew….this was Tony. This warm swirling feeling like satin sheets and expensive coffee. ‘You’re mine, only mine, I love you, I need you, I’ll never let go, and I can’t lose you.’
Loki found that he liked to look into the art of a realm and find something that resonated with him. He had done just that here, finding a kindred spirit in the form of an animated film.
“We do it just like everything else, together.”
There wasn't much Bruce could do at the moment, he needed to speak with Barnes and see if there was a way he could suss out how Loki ended up like this.
“Bruce!” Tony called stepping off the elevator, hair wild from sleep and still in his underwear. Though in retrospect Bruce did not look much better in a pair of pajama pants and a dr. who shirt.
“We’re getting pruny… well you are. I don’t think I can get pruny.” Steve finally said, examining his fingers and not finding the tell tale waterlog wrinkles.
It ended just shy of 5 ½ days, a short cycle as Bruce had said.
The Captain flinched and looked away, not the response Coulson was looking for, “Oh…I see I might need to enact the RT2B protocol.”
Barnes loved seeing his girl like this, wonton and drooling into the quilt. Loved to take her slow and rock every inch into that tight warm body. The way Steve lost it and quivered begging for more, and he would give his sweet girl more. He‘d turn Steve over and stare into those loving blue eyes and kiss those red rose petal lips till they were swollen and shore. He‘d give his best girl everything,  for as long as he could until they were covered in sweat and Steve was begging. “I love you babe.” He’d whisper and that always made Stevie cum.  “ Your mine, till the end of the line.”
Rogers watched clips were War Machine had tried to intervene and Tony raised his repulsor and fired on his own friend. He was sure that Colonel Rhodes was fine, the hit had only been enough to damage the armor nothing more, but still. That wasn’t Tony; none of this could be Tony. The violence, the rage, this couldn’t be him; there had to be a mistake. This had to be some kind of nightmare that he would wake from because Tony Stark could never be broken like this.
Sought in connection with a shooting in 2008.
Abruptly, its like someone cut the lights on and the room flares back into reality. His vision seems a little off though, red around the edges and almost too sharp in contrast.
Tony frowned, “What’s all this crap about anyway! You didn’t want to be king why should I?”
Sure enough, just as he was tempted to draw up the lantern and weep - there was a splashing in the mist, a flicker of olive, vibrant ruby and gold. He felt his heart skip a beat as the shimmering silhouette circled the boat twice before descending in the inky depth.
The elevator pinged and opened to a common floor with sofas. “Welcome to Avengers Tower!”  Tony stepped out stretching out his arms. “Just a little project I’ve been working on.”
Living in the tower had been an adjustment for Loki, but considering all he had done to prove he wasn't in fact evil had helped his cause. Then there came the blooming relationship with Dr. Banner. That last one had come out of the blue for both of them.  Yet some how Bruce had been the one person who could truly understand him, and the mans calm demeanor was like balm to his soul. Eventually living among the midgardians had begun to ware off on him.
Widow: He's probably looking at your vacation photos.
He was in rut; Tony knew it and he could stop it now if he wanted to. Laying into Steve feeling his knot starting to catch, he’d never been with an omega with out a barrier of latex or suppressant topical that would prevent the knot. He certainly had never been with one in heat before. Everything about this was sensory overload, and despite the whimpers from below, he buried himself in a hard thrust tying them together.
“Something you wanna share with the class blue eyes?”
The siren watched as the human returned with a bundle of blankets in his arms. She’d never liked infants, but found them useful in many of her ploys. Young children were stupid be them mortal or mer, they could be convinced of many things and would follow those they trusted without fail. They made perfect little subjects.
He hummed in return and took another bit of the sweet sakura treat. The salt reminded him of tears.
“Jarvis is playing Tic-Tac-Toe with me, and I'm winnin!” She proudly said starting another game on the StarkPad.
Filled with determination the soldier clenched his fits and straightened his back. If Fury’s men wanted a fight, he’d damn well give it to them.
“Cool your pistons there Robocop, this is perfectly safe.” Tony said striking up a blowtorch as T.Rex -Bang a gong, blasted over the workshops sound system.
It was going to take a Hail Mary to bring this back around for the home team.
“Ya know what they say; time waits for no man... In fact I think it’s time for a test drive.”
“Hey, you still with me Steve?”
Now, all he felt was burning shame.
Once Tony was hauled on deep and prized out of suit he sputtered and shivered in the damp, “Some one hand me the bones helmet, hurry up ..chop chop boys burning day light.” He snapped his fingers and received several gawking looks from young agents. “Am I speaking pig Latin? Is there a failure to communicate. Let me rewind and slow this down for you. I.. want.. the.. other.. helmet. Comprede?” The billionaire waved his hands around his face.
A lot of maybes that didn't add up to anything when he was broken out and on a plane to Wakanda. So did the only thing he knew to do. He called home.
Written in 1st person
A knock startled him, back thumbing softly against the tile as he looked to the door.
“NO! Don’t say you say calm down Jarvis!” Steve shouted, his cheeks flushing as the line deepen between his brows. “Do you have coms linked back to the suit or not.”
“Sure thing Brucy bear try and get some sleep ok?”
....I'm not even sorry. Enjoy this weirdness
Dinner went by fast, considering Tony was dealing with a sleepy little. Steve nodded off half way through his soup. Tony smiled and was thankful he automated the special high-chair he'd made for the super solider. Letting the high roll ahead into the nursery and tilt gently. Tony's hands guiding the sleepy little's slide onto the bed.
Steve hoped it might stay this way, yet nothing could ever be that simple.
Tony finally decided to sit taking the offered cup, it didn’t take him long to succumb to the call of a jelly filled pastry. “How is the birdbrain?” he said around a mouthful of doughnut.
It's just old wives’ tales, intellectually Howard knows that. The more he listens however, the more his whiskey-addled brain wants to believe.
“Wanna show daddy how much you missed me?”
“Such a glowing disposition Katniss! Fortunately I donate literally a shit ton of money to this hospital so I don’t think they will mind if I bend the rules a little.” Tony said flipping up the suits faceplate as he sauntered toward the door.
“As you say Sir, enjoy the cold... Perhaps it is fitting.”
The alpha watched as all color started to drain from the alien omegas face. His illusion fading in flickers and shimmers, the failed imitation nothing more than a veil in the end. Steve had been right to worry.
“Yes, lucky for you, he spends too much time with me so we do have some of those - things in the cupboard.” Loki gestured as if the frosted toaster treats would hear him from the pantry and launch an attack at being insulted.  He moved to set the child on the counter and get a few more eggs for the pan. “Now my little helper, you have a very special job, you see...that bear you have there looks very hungry. So you will have to keep him from stealing any of the food.”
“Yeah, you're right.” Steve said looking over to the sound of scampering feet as the twins chased Butter into the room.
“Yeah, I found him.”
Additionally, the once prince found that he had many confidants in the tower, some most unexpected.
The actual revel hadn’t been that much better though, everyone could tell something was wrong with Steve and Tony just kept eating, drinking and pretending to text when he was really just playing fruit ninja.
When Steve made it back to New York, he sat alone in the small rental apartment just looking over pictures that were now faded with time. Coulson had kept them for him, and picked some up from Pepper before he came back. All the memories of what was both good and bad, Steve couldn't help but wonder why he always found himself in this place.
“ALLITERATION! Good job Robocop!” Tony commented.
With all the bells and whistles of the grand tower, it still was not home to Loki. That was not to say that living with the pack wasn't pleasant in the sense of convenience. It was delightful to have grocery delivery at his fingertips and efficient cleaning services. The luxury amenities reminded Loki of growing up in the grand palace of his youth.
Steve hummed flexing his bandaged hand. “It is kinda drafty.”
As the chorus peeked War Machine circled the building and landed in front of downing in an exaggerated bow. Poor Rhodes, when you're in Tony's inner circle you get asked to do things like this. Stephen Strange was also standing by looking less than amused with large stick in his hand.
Tony just chuckled humorlessly and rolled his head to the side. “Sorry buckaroo, think its in there pretty firm.” If Barnes thought his drill Sargent act was going to make a difference he was about to be sadly mistaken. Natasha had tried idle treats and bargaining and she didn't even make it past the door. Why did he even let him in.
Truthfully he's afraid to ask, afraid to hope that the one thing Maria had wanted so badly could still be here with out her. His last little piece of her. Howard wasn't a praying man by far but he would hail every saint in divinity if he could have this one thing.
“Is he ok?” Darcy bit her lip depositing the various droughts and stones on the bed.
“I’m ready Fury, I don’t need your permission. I never needed it.”
James had gently led him back inside and suggested they watch a movie. The omega had nodded but spent the film staring at his hands.
“Yes?”
AN: I was listening to “Blame it on the boom boom - by- black stone cherry’ and this happened
“No, and even if we could with your metabolism you would have to pop them like mints all day. The point is that your body chemistry isn’t like anything I have seen. By some accounts, I would consider you an Alpha, by others…. I don’t know. At present, all I know is that your hormone levels seem situational sensitive.  Stress and Adrenaline raise your Testosterone levels, which in a sense suppress you the same way today’s chemical suppressant injections would. However, keeping you in a constant state of stress really isn’t an option.” Bruce sighed and looked down at his hands. “Trust me when I say that’s no way to live.”
That night as Howard wandered the cobble stone streets back to his home he thought over the sailor’s claims. “Huh. Mermaids and magic…what a crock.” He mumbles kicking at a stray pebble on the path.
the soft whisper rattled through her mind.
They had gone to bed that night wrapped in each others arms. Making love had been soft and kind and all the things Loki would have preferred to say he did not adore. He rather liked that others viewed him with a hard light – thinking him to be too cold for such sentiments. There was strength in the fear of others; you never had to be as strong when people feared you. If you could manipulate perception, you could be as weak as a kitten and no one would know because they would be too afraid to test your fortitude.
“Hope you don't have any plans to take a stroll later Babe.” He said through smirking lips. “Cause you'll be walkin real funny.”
“Peggy, please come with me…it…He won’t come out and… You have to come I think he may have the revolver.” The shaken words were enough to prompt Peggy into action. Sleeping on a pair of shoes and dashing down the sodden cobblestone streets toward the Stark home.
He had been so sure that Tony was gone and it was as if part of his soul was dead and then... then Loki was there with that empty expression and cold tone saying they were fine. That Tony and Bucky were on their way back and everything was well. However, it wasn't well was it?
“Objectives change in the field.” Phil says, just as calm as you please,  taking a folder from one of his team.
Badlr moved between his brothers with a placating hand. “He’s right; we’ll take Anthony out of here and have him tended to.”
When Stark made it back and climbed the stairs to his son’s nursery, he felt his heart breaking, all the more, Maria had spent so much time on this nursery. Entering the room, he noticed the chimed hung in the window, silver bells on delicate chains - she said they sounded like the whispers of angels.
“I know a lot of people think he just tries to be difficult but what if its not that,” He paused selecting a pair of teabags from the cupboard. “My mother...some times she was just so quiet, she'd smile and say everything was fine. She lied a lot. Just because people lie, it doesn't mean they are just protecting themselves. Sometimes they do it to protect others.”
The little egg timer on the counter chimed. This was the moment of truth.
That only left one person, the only person who cared enough about Steve to keep this close to the vest for now.
Steve came closer thinking perhaps if he showed her he merely meant to help not harm she would understand. All the while neither of them noticed the vibrant glow in the male Mer's chest growing brighter and brighter.
Gears turning and coils humming away with the tiny wiggling child lying safely inside. The mechanism providing a cold comfort for the warm womb the infant had been torn from prematurely. No matter all the lies the inventor told himself, deep down he knew this wasn't the final fix for the little boy.
Even when he was a little guy, maybe it was worse then being tugged off to the omega ward to be looked over by some old nurse with cold hands who would tisk at his weight and then poke and prod with instruments while jotting things down on a yellow steno.
“yeah yeah, keep your round ass down.” Bucky ruffled Steve’s hair with his flesh hand, the other was still missing.  “damn, you are big.”
Steve would do anything for this man. Even be his girl.
"I don't want anything Loki...I don't even know why I just..." Tony's eyes flitted down to one of the aliens pale slender hands and on impulse, he reached out and took it.
“Earth to spangles! I know I’m sexy but your pouring milk allover the table.”  He shouts at me. Oh, this is nice….
“Hey, there you are.” Tony next to me, holding my hand. I wouldn’t have picture him to be that type. He always seemed more like the love em and leave em type. Now that I think about though all the times we have slept together its not like he ignored me after. Sure, we didn’t get all cozy like after but he did just disappear.
“Everything about me …was a lie. I thought you all should know because…it may become an issue. I’d like to say that this will not affect my ability to lead or be useful in the field but…”
“DO NOT TALK TO ME ABOUT HURT RHODES!” Vengeance turned on a dime and fired with out warning.
“How long you been holding that one in…”
“Don't worry so much punk. I won't let your idiot have too much fun.” Barnes joked to keep the moment light, he knows how hard this must be for Steve to let go of the reigns like this and sit at home waiting.
“Oh, old Howie will pull through. Don’t worry English.” She said, placing a soft kiss on her lover’s neck. “He’s got us, and Eddy. We’ll look out for him.”
The two of them fell into easy conversation, Bucky skirted what the treatments on Asgard consisted of, and Steve didn’t push. They talked about the past, about their mothers, Bucky’s sisters. Barnes’ memory was patchy in spots but it was getting there, it felt good to reminisce.
With the good fortune of an empty house on his side, Steve took to watering the animals; each had become a friend to the isolated young man. Some though were more dear than others.
The solider gasped reaching forward to brace himself against the wall. Finally, a warm tongue flicked out and slowly licked the tip.
James just smiled and held his face in his hands. “Because I love you. Because you are worthy baby.. because you're you. I'm sorry that you have to ask because you should know that by my actions. I haven't... I haven't really been there for you.”
“I promise, if I saw anything concerning I would let you know. Now go enjoy the rest of your day with your family Cap.” Bruce assured.
Okay, maybe he had been a little too ready to go out of town for that meeting after all. A tiny respite from Steve's fretful family preparations, was welcome. As bad as that sounded even now to his inner voice, he just couldn't take the hening. He loved Steve, he really did but it was day like that, that reminded him how often the two of them could butt-heads in the past.
Today however, there was no mission, training session, debrief, and thank any god that was listening – no dignitaries to baby-sit.
“Steve” Tony, that’s Tony, “Steve.” I can feel his hands on my shoulders pushing me back as my legs turn to spaghetti. “Barton, go get Bruce ! J I need Steve’s vitals right now.”
The trip from the tower to the ice cream parlor wasn't terribly eventful, aside from the usual city traffic and idiot drivers. Loki put on a movie for the children while they headed out of the city.  He found himself watching them in the rear-view mirror, Wendy little blonde pigtails glinting like spun gold in the sun, Peter concentrating so hard on the film with his big brown eyes. For a split second, Loki replaced those features in his mind’s eye.
“Philly! That was one time....”
“What…”
Beck did not have a chance to answer, not with a hole the size of a fist shot through his chest courtesy of the suites new precision blast.
Still he chalked it up to lingering sleep and pushed himself to get a cup of water from the bathroom taps. Steve made it to the entryway before the first slight twinge in his stomach gave him pause. His hand met the doorframe as he flinched, the sudden cramping sensation curling in his gut . He had skipped dinner, it was possible that was the root cause, and had to be it. With his metabolism the way it was- skipping meals often lead to some mild discomfort.
Perhaps that was also the reason she was making this drive up to the cabin.
“No. I, well there is nothing wrong per say. Doctor Banner would you mind having a look at this?”
“Chew first, and he’s fine. Still Barton, not much can be done for it. Aside from that a few stitches and a mild concussion. Phil and the kids will have a nice time fawning over him. Any word on Steve?” She said, picking out a bright pink frosting colored one for her.
Loki wasn't like his brother though, a different species Bruce had said. One that no one even had a base line on, so it was possible, though maybe less likely. Could it explain the tremble?
Some nights he would sit on his bed looking out at the ally way between the buildings in his D.C apartment. Smiling because he finally had milk to set out on the fire escape. Sad… because he would look at the door and know that there would be no one to come in calling his name. No one who would hold his wrists gently and lay him back on the bed to be covered in kisses. Even though he could handle it now, he wouldn’t feel like his heart was about to escape his chest.  That wasn’t going to happen because even if he could have it the truth would ruin everything.
A line had been drawn in the sand and Loki was frothing at the mouth to cross it. “ Yes silly me I should have know better than to hide anything from The Winter Soldier. Your quite good at sniffing out your preys weakness aren’t you ?”
The omega was torn from his own fears by the woman's softly accented voice. She was staring at him, what had she said....what the hell had she said!?
The words ran around in the omegas head as the sun rose outside. What about hope, could they find a bottle of that? Or maybe another life all-together? Was there an option to return who he was for a slightly different model? There was no way to correct what was wrong with him so easily was there?
Peter reclined against his uncle’s chest as Loki read the story. He liked how his Uncle's voice sounded; it was almost as good as when Daddy read to him, daddy did all the voices in books. Papa was good at reading at night too because he cuddled and smelled good in a way that made him sleepy. It was different with his Uncle Loki, the way he spoke and even sometimes when his uncle would show him magic and make the pictures in the books step right off the page.
“If you wouldn't mind…” he replied clipped almost...broken
Thinking about new pups made the omegas mind linger to a few floors below. “I should take Pepper something; she's probably lonely without Natasha there.” He mumbled aloud before looking back at the cookies he'd put in the oven for the kids.  “Maybe another batch.”
“Yeah, where are they I want to see them…are they ok?” the omega looked around for his babies; Simmons had taken them shortly after they were born needed to clean up the twins and check them over.
Unfortunately, he wasn't a man who believed in miracles though, he believed in science and machines. He believed in the copper coils and the sparkling blue lights as they marched from one to the next and lit the large glass bulbs of the workshop. Stark believed in the tangible and the measurable. He required a resolution that he could trust but the fact remained... there was not one he could find.
The volume lowered as the AI’s voice came over the Lab’s sound system. “Sir, a notification has come in concerning Captain Rogers.”
That morning he had done so well, so well keeping his mind empty. Faithfully going through the motions; taking the elevator up to the top floor; walking through the main living area and bypassing the kitchen. He didn’t turn his head to the photos on the hall walls, he didn’t shiver when he walking into their bedroom.
"Cut the crap reindeer games." he said climbing up the cracked and broken concrete steps. Loki wasn't going to keep him out this time.
The servant girl bowed as the Queen entered, Wanda quickly swished away to leave the royals alone. Careful to avoid the sea serpent who gave her one final warning snap.
“You shouldn’t just trust what people tell you Stark, especially not now. Not after all that’s happened.” The Captain’s tone was icy and defensive.
"That guy is insane Pete! Batshit crazy don't you get that!" Tony shouted.
That didn’t seem to do it though and Tony really didn’t want to make any sharp movements and have Steve toss him through a wall.  Not that he didn’t completely deserve it right now.
“Shotgun” chimed the good captain climbing in behind the driver’s seat. Bucky’s cackling lit from the observation deck
“We call it an o-estrogen conflict, or Latent syndrome. It’s when the o-estrogen can’t reach an appropriate level during puberty resulting in either what would be considered a half-heat, or prolonged heat. Depending on if, the level was too high or too low. It can be caused by a lot of things, from stress, malnutrition, medication, it’s not that uncommon. However, with Steve’s other conditions at the time it resulted in hospitalization. His body had no idea how to resolve the situation.” Bruce then looked to Steve who had fallen quiet.  “I have a theory, what happened to you wasn’t illness per-say more chemical imbalance. The serum fixed all the other issues but as far as balance is consider it did the opposite.”
“I said go home I’m fine here … alone, get out Stark.”
Tony had never actually done laundry before, he had people for that. Therefore, this whole non-tech, non-spoiled vacation that Steve had insisted on was becoming a horrible nightmare.
“Look we will check this out and try and get Robocop under control ok? We can figure this out.”
Steve let out a sigh and released the back of his hospital gown - he had been holding the material closed for modesty sake.  Could they make those things any more embarrassing?  He thought not, at the very least Tony hadn’t commented either way, Steve still wasn’t wild about being half-nude in front of the alpha. He shrugged the gown off one arm and looked himself over in the mirror. The bandages covered most of his torso and a one on his upper thigh, that one he worried about.  Was he examined closely? Did anyone see?
The redhead alpha chuckled and shook her head, “He’s gotten a little better. Who knows, by the time your actually ready to give birth he might not pass out or anything.”
Maybe Tony was having second thoughts too. That cut Steve the deepest, the idea that maybe Tony was regretting the time they spent together. Maybe the alpha woke up and realized that this was a fruitless effort. Why bother with a stubborn, sarcastic, overgrown omega when he could have one that was beautiful, demure and all the things an omega should be. Someone Tony could show off with out people whispering behind his back.
“So then what?” another man prompted and the Irishmen looked away.
Stark looked back at Steve, the omega was on his knees his face twisted up and desperate. It hurt, both seeing Steve like this - and knowing even though he would protect the man who had done it. The man who killed Tony’s parents.
His back was acting up again and Steve reached back to kneed at the straining spot to try and self-sooth. It didn’t go away though, if anything it grew worse. The pain tightened and radiated around his sides and felt like a vice slowly tightening.
Tony tugged off his shades leveling the man with a glare, “ Ya know doc you’re not startin off real strong here so how about we get down to the brass tax and cut the trip down memory lane bullshit.”
Steve blushed and jolted from his vegetative half-doze in the chair, “What did you say?”
He told her he loved her. That he'd do his best.
Sure, it made sense, but still... something stirred in the back of the soldiers mind. Images of what poison gas or water born viruses could do to the human body. If something unspeakable got out just because SHIELD desired someone else to do the dirty work...could he live with that?  Could any of them? Visions of gaunt bodies coughing up blood in dirty quarantine camps flew into his mind. That wasn’t something anyone wanted on their shoulders.
“I’m fine Bruce thanks.” Steve grunted and forced himself up from the sofa.  “Just a little twinge, I’m sure the serum can take care of that.”
Tony stands up walking over to the workbench, picking up a photo of his family. “I'm sorry Buck. Trust me I know how lucky I am. I love Steve and I just wanted to come home. Our bond is broken now and...I didn't even think about that. All I wanted to do was see what else I could do. Sometimes it's still all I want, but I don't. This thing, Extremis, I feel like it's winning and it won't be long until there is nothing left of me.”
“but you didn’t come home…you didn’t.” Tony looked up and god he wanted to believe. Then If that was true, if all of this had just been an elaborate lie. Look at everything he had done since. How could he live with himself ever again?
Bruce received the alert and hurried to grab the bag of emergency supplies Cho had left in his lab. He was the towers first to respond in the event of all medical emergencies. In some ways, Banner hated that the duty had fallen to him but in another way the ability to help rather than harm helped to bolster the man.
The omega chuckled raising his bottom in presentation, “You don’t mean that shell head…you’re hooked now.”
“Oh no! No no no! I will not have your ass in my face the whole way there!” Sam protested, not that it mattered, and he should have known this would happen. “I hate you guys…so much.”
It wasn’t as if Steve didn’t understand the reasoning behind the decision. He understood it perfectly - he couldn’t be off flitting around the globe playing Fury’s errand boy when he had something more important to protect. Also… Shield missions were not really in Steve’s list of ‘favorite things to do’ anyway. So getting a vacation from Shield wasn’t the worse thing that could have happened to him.
The two walked back out to the car and began to unload the bags while Loki retreated farther into the house. Natasha shook her head when they came in with the first few sacks – noticing the missing ravenette.
Tony groaned and rested his forehead on Steve’s broad shoulder. “It’s my birthday isn’t it, we need to work on your dirty talk babe but that’s ok. Practice makes perfect. So just go slow and repeat that, feel free to call me Daddy at any point.”
The Shake Weight.
Coming home was like the first week in the tower, only instead of everyone looking at him like he was going to snap and kill them. It was just pity in their eyes. Barnes wasn’t sure what was worse.
Therefore, Barnes leaned back against the wall and watched the second hand tick on.
“He’s still feeling whatever Hydra did to him, waking up with no arm in a strange facility is already a lot for him. I know he’s your friend, but what he needs right now is to adjust some place dark and quiet. Barnes needs to let this settle in his head before we try anything.”
Do you have an arrow for sleeping on, because you’re going to need it tonight.
“Welcome home Sir” Jarvis said as the armor began to disassemble around the returning inventor.
“ya know spangles… maybe your perfect match isn’t on the world wide web, maybe they’re a lot closer. Food for thought!”
A line formed between the blonds brow, “Great, so what exactly is true anymore? Since faking deaths is so popular these days you’ll excuse me agent if I’m not suspicious. Are we even fighting Hydra or did Fury do
Thankfully, the trip wasn't a total wash- Stark's reputation preceded him and most of the younger crowd still saw him as Iron Man first, and Tony Stark second, A little hero worship can go a long way in greasing the wheels during negotiations. Even so, there was that little itch in the back of Tony's mind that said,
Even when she was breaking. Even though she knew she hadn't long for this world. She needed to make sure he was ready, he would have to live alone in this tiny apartment and somehow move forward.
Bucky  had been under the impression that that was when the best part of him had died. That all was left of who he was, was now a monster. Things changed on Asgard, who would have thought he would feel the most at home on an alien planet? If he could have gone back in time and spoken to his old self, he knew the man he was would have laughed.
“Captain Rogers could  be experiencing low blood sugar levels as I have no meal records for him today. My sensors also indicate higher than his average body temperature. He is showing  visual signs of mild dehydration. I am not however,  picking up any vital injuries or drastic decreases in his heart rate. Additionally, his respiration levels are slighting higher. I can‘t seem to access any other information as the sensors with in the Captain’s uniform have been damaged. ”
There it was… the other shoe that Tony had been waiting for. They all leave, why he ever thought this would be any different. Was beyond him. “Yeah…” his throat burned when he said it, stumbling to his feet and nearly running out of the door.
The little white and black mouse had lost one of his legs recently after a particular nasty run in with the resident house cat.
To have loved and lost is the cruelest of punishments. It flew in the face of every heartbreak, every supreme grief. If you never know what it is to love and be loved you cannot lament its loss.
Tony tried not to laugh but he had to, more ‘captain America doesn’t approve’ glares for him. “Sorry, not sorry.” He quipped getting up and exiting the nesting room. “I’ll make it up to you later ok baby, daddy will ride you hard and put you away wet.”
“Danke, it has been a long road. I hope so much for you Loki, I know so much about the hurt you feel now. I can see it in your eyes that you think you will never feel joy or have the right to. But have faith, because there is nothing you are given in this life that you cannot handle.”
Steve was laying on his side with a hand on his lower stomach and eyes closed. Tony loathed waking him if he didn’t have to. “Stevie, come on honey buns…” He said gently sitting next to the soldier whose eyes fluttered open. “Hey… I um… guess I have some explaining to do huh?”
Returning to the med lab, no one said a word about the previous discussion. It was easy to see that all parties felt it was best left for now. The last order of business would be to conduct an ultrasound. The one done by shield previously, had been grainy and over quickly. Doctor Simmons assured she would get them a good image this time with the sonogram.
“Speak.” an annoyed voice suddenly sounded.
“Yep.” Barnes said adjusting his scope as the turrents exploded in the distance.
Tony felt his heart swell at how precious it was. He glanced back at Steve who was dabbing at his eyes. This produced another thought to the alphas mind. One day Peter would be old enough to start seeing alphas, or really anyone he wanted. Tony wasn't going to be one of those parents that pushed their own likes on their children or shame them for their feelings. He would be supportive to whomever his children chose, that being stated, he was in no hurry for it to happen. If the mechanic had his way, he'd lock Peter in the tower until he was 40. If the mechanic had his way, he'd lock Peter in the tower until he was 40.
“Trust me I will.” Steve left the infirmary feeling light. For all they had gone through these passing months this something they could celebrate and put the sadness behind them. The captain entered the comman room to the sounds of children laughing and friends chatting, it was music to his ears. He hoped and prayed that everyone he cared for would soon find peace.
Daddy! Tony. Baby! Steve.
Stark knows what to do with that solider butt!
The dosage was high to combat the solders’ metabolism. Now it was a waiting game, Bruce could sense the alphas frayed nerves and excused himself after bringing the pair a pack of bottled water. “Have Jarvis page me if there’s no change in around 10 - 15 minuets. Or if you think he‘s going to need that IV.”
Phil had witnessed it coming, Clinton was very forgiving when he wanted to be and over protective of those he cared for. Having seen how Natasha and Steve had more-or-less looked after Loki when Barnes wasn't around had inspired the archer.
“Very well, change my cup to that that then. James? Do you want to try something else?”
The transmission went dark.
Natasha would have noticed anyway, but she wouldn’t ask. At least not now.
He could feel the frigid wind through the suit as Tony stood on a rocky peak overlooking the base. The stone walls masked in drifts of snow. Still with the sensors, Tony could pick up human heat signatures even from this distance. There were over a hundred hydra operatives, possible inhuman among them. Not to mention those affiliated with AIM who every well maybe armed with extremis. Someone would have to be crazy to take this on alone.
"Loki, what are you doing? Did you have a nice day while i was gone?"
“What do you think your sister would like? Your Uncle James is partial to eggs and toast and I personally find bacon quiet pleasant.”  Loki asked, more so to distract himself than really look for an answer. He knew that the little one would literally eat anything, something James attributed to Steve.
( Tony can still remember the almost vacant look on his fathers face as he sat by the fire in that big brown leather chair. The way the golden light flickered over the mans gray hair and the shadows seemed to dig the lines in his face even deeper. All the while whirling the glass of amber liquid in hand before taking a deep drink. Scotch would later be the first drink to pass an impressionable 10-year-olds lips as he sat alone in the dead of night before his fathers liqueur cabinet.)
All night Rogers watched from a distance as the Billionaire smiled and made small talk, Tony was so in his element. He was like a shining star out there among all the celebs and media giants. He took it all with grace and cocky grin. It made Steve's throat dry just watching the other man gesture with his hands or sip sweet champagne . He couldn't waist to taste those lips.
The drive back to the tower was uneventful, usual traffic in New York. Familiar sights and sounds of the city welcomed her, the building and familiar facades of restaurants and shops passing by the tinted windows of the sleek black town car. Let it not be said that their Pack Alpha didn't believe in style and comfort.
“Babe?” James reached over and clasped his hand. “If you need it, I'll leave the car unlocked and you can come out here ok? If you need to get away for some quiet time alright?”
Steve took a few slow sips feeling the cool liquid spread down through his chest. Perhaps that’s all it was, stranger things have happened. Steve reasoned the occurrence away since he was feeling better already, dismissing anything else he ambled back to bed. It wasn’t until a few moments later when he again stirred now with a considerably more painful twist low in his stomach accompanied now by an acute stabbing sensation through his groin, did he realize this had nothing to do with hunger.
The omegas upset did not go unnoticed, Tony could see the white knuckle grip of Steve’s hand and hear the subtle creak of the steel chair‘s arm. “Alright ok that’s enough! This was a fun chat really but a little privacy would be great right about now, as in get the hell out, love you science bro but you need to scoot with Alice in spy land as in yesterday.” Tony was out of his seat and at the door.
That certainly was not going to happen as Steve was now off the sofa and pacing in front of the TV as he flipped through multiple media outlets looking for an angle that might show Tony surfacing unharmed. “Jarvis tell me he’s ok, put me through to the suit.”
Barnes wasn't complaining of course. Anything would be better than spending years in cryo or that damn chair. Even so, killing is still killing even when it’s for the righteous cause. Everyone thinks theirs is the best way and that's where shit gets so damn muddy.
When the doors opened to the penthouse Tony danced away from those roaming hands. "Not yet soldier boy, I think you deserve a good show for being such a good boy all night."
“Thanks Doc.”
“Thanks, um… do you want to come in while I put this in water?” Steve felt funny asking Tony in when in reality this entire building belonged to the alpha.
Looking back Stark realized this was probably a long time coming. Given Steve’s fluctuating hormones and everything else, not to mention he had seen Rogers file. PTSD didn’t even begin to cover it, still Steve always held his head up and pretended to be unbreakable. The cracks where showing now. Tony hated seeing this man brought so low, now he was apologizing for falling apart. “I’ve got you, I’ve got you …” he said wrapping his arms best he could around the muscular omega. Steve practically melting into his embrace. “ I its ok.”
“This story will end much this way.” She said, their mother ad been at the woman’s side and Frigga’s eyes filled with fear.
“Should have held out, for more.” He said wistfully reading the gossip bloggers.
“That’s alright then isn’t it?” Steve asked, rubbing his stomach as the twins wiggled together.
When they finally reached the tower, Bruce of course was the first one out to check on them. Tony looked around for Steve or Pepper, hell even Natasha to be swift on the betas heels.
“Jane!” Thor shouted, he had been separated from Asgard's newly crowned queen in the madness. He now found her and hurriedly pulled her to him, “you must go with my mother and the others, secure the little ones and get as far away as you can!” he commanded as the guards rushed forward and Mers scattered in terror.
“Tony are you alright?” Pepper came on the HUD screen looking as lovely as ever, thankfully only mildly annoyed.
“LET ME GO!” Steve shouted, jerking away and sending the package tumbling to the floor.
There's more gunfire and sound of laughter. Mallen knows how screwed they are and he's just playing with them. Toying with them like a cat with a mouse and that pisses him off more than anything. How dare he, how dare that sack of shit think he can do this.
The inventor sat on the coffee table just watching the other man sleep; he reached out hesitantly to place his palm on the side of the Steve’s stomach.  Jemma had commented just the other day that Steve seemed like he was going to be the type to carry low, from the shape of his growing bump.  Tony had laughed and said it looked like Steve swallowed a cantaloupe whole and now it was just sitting there.  This earned him a serious glare from the aforementioned super soldier.
“No he’s right.” Bruce turned away from the window, arms wrapped around himself. “I think we should be happy we are only dealing with Tony right now.”
James hummed shoveling a fried egg into a sandwich of tomatoes and mayo. “ I know Nat will be there today. She's pretty jazzed about it.”
Tony moved around him slowly taking the shirt from his hands. “Steve, look in my eyes.”
Loki had been surprised how easy it was to talk to Steve, despite the mans resemblance to so many of Asgard's champions – he was nothing like them. Rogers was quiet and calm, yet sharp in his wit. It was nice to have such an easy banter and the once prince wondered why he hadn't done this before. Then again, he knew exactly why. Because for so long every time he looked at the Captain all he saw was the haze of madness and that night in Stuttgart. Having gone toe to toe and Staff to Shield- he knew very well what the man a few feet from him was capable of, and transversely – the Captain knew the same of him.
Once the Asgardian returned with several thick tomes, McCoy suggested the avengers make a visit to the X school.
No one ever said dating a magical alien prince would be easy. Actually just thinking about that on a daily bases would make most people crazy. Thankfully, Bruce had a lot of crazy in his life anyway.
Loki breathed out a relived sigh, scrubbing his palms over his face. Every moment now seemed stressful. Holding himself taut as a bow string 24/7.
“Steve your in Labor I think that means I need to call someone.”
It was all so nice, so effortless.
ANNNNY WAY! it's called Where we land. I hope to see you there
Loki was just private about something’s and could get a little moody from time to time but he was fine...he would have said something if anything was really wrong.
You had me from "Bacon"
If McCoy had a reply, Loki wasn't listening, already making his way down the halls to his modest office. The omegas demeanor wasn't unusual and both the staff and students knew this. The former villain had a habit of running hot and cold at the drop of a hat, however he was good at his job. He was talented and knew how to handle volatile young mutants who would otherwise end up slipping through the cracks.
The truth was, Steve was honestly not ready, it weighted on his mind that he was only 33 weeks, and while for twins that was great- it was still not full term. He was worried about the babies not being ready, being small, being sick, and a million other things he couldn’t even give voice to at the moment. So maybe if he just pretended to have all the time in the world then that would just miraculously happen.
“Loki wait!” The mutant omega  followed behind him only stopping once to wave to an older student to please gather up the little ones once their recess was over and take them to the canteen.
There is something to be said for a mothers love and the lessons we learn as children.
When James took more and more challenging assignments away from home; properly cooking didn't seem worth the effort and ultimately so did eating. Why bother when each night he sat alone at their table staring at an empty seat?
They had to sedate Bucky again, Steve saw them do it and it killed him. Watching the man thrash as people held Barnes down, watching that brief moment of fear flashing in Bucky’s pale eyes.   Part of him wanted to go in and help, try to calm Bucky down. Natasha told him no, said it would just make things worse if Bucky saw him.
The crass comment garnering him the famous ‘Captain America is judging you’ glare.
Then he saw it, tucked a few feet from the walk way and shrounded by trees.
The inventor snapped his head back and pushed away any lingering wishes to bend his omega over the nearest surface. This was serious business; Steve was not feeling well …no mater how sexy the side effects were.
Steve hummed and smiled against his skin, “What if their like Phil?”
“What?” Tony looked up ..had he spaced out. Must have. “Did I say something?”
Tony’s eyes went wide, and man did he need to reign in his mouth sometimes. “Holy shit that’s like a baseball.”
James had left with the standard 'love you doll,' and 'I'll stop by that place you like on the way home.'  It was thoughtful really, James was always so thoughtful when it came to things like that. His alpha wanted them to have a happy life.
The brunette nodded, “YEah, it’s..been hard, not gonna lie about that.  its been a bitter bitch sometimes but, I’m makin it work. I may not ever be the guy I was but I think I’m startin to like the guy I am.”
Loki was still not human.
Inspired by :Bruno Mars - Versace on the floor.
That was actually worse in the grand scheme of things. He couldn't imagine not being there to see his little girl walk down the isle. Seeing his boy graduate, lying next to Steve when the blond in the soldier’s hair turned silver. God willing Steve would still love him then. That maybe they would be one of those couples you see walking in central park on a temperate spring afternoon. Walking hand in hand, one with a cane and both with there cardigans and scarves. They would be slower then and would stop half way at a familiar park bench and watch the sun light up the city skyline in hues of gold and magenta. Steve would probably harp on him for not wearing gloves when there was a light chill in the air. ‘you know how you’re hands ache.’ he’d say and maybe Tony would roll his eye, ‘that just means it’s going to rain. Plus, I have you to keep me warm, right soldier boy?’
Therefore, Amora did what she always did when she wanted to think. She swam to a rocky cove that surrounded a small island; there she would sit beneath the stars and watch the sun fall into the sea. Perhaps call out in her siren song to passing ships and watch the men on deck shiver in fear.
“Do I get coffee now?”
The call would come and James would suit up and head off on whatever it was that SHIELD demanded. Gone for days sometimes weeks, then he'd come home...but he would wouldn't really come home. Not immediately. At first, his alpha would sit alone on the back deck with Duchess' head in his lap and a case of beer resting at his side. Just staring out at the pitch-black woods and star speckled sky for hours until whatever veil lifted from his mind and allowed him to come home. Calls like this never ended well, it was too abrupt. Too much, like waking up after years in a frozen cell to be used.
Steve felt like he was forever saying “where did you get that?” or “Take that out of your mouth!”
Fear… it didn’t suit him.
It was not
Loki rolled his eyes, “one of your pitiful excused for care. Thor said you use them to stanch the flow of blood correct. That is what we are doing.”
The next time Steve gets his hands on Strange...he's going to wring his neck with that touchy feely cape of his. This was all the sorcerer supreme's  fault, saying that Tony would be a so much better person if he could work though his childhood trauma. Did the Doctor ask Tony...no he didn't. Did he as Steve, of course not or else Steve would have told him what a colossally bad idea this was. Not to mention how reckless it was !
When they took Steve from his arms it felt like losing him all over again, the only reminder of his presence was the blood smeared on the armor.
Phil considered the soldiers words, they were thoughts he too had. He had seen the footage, hell Coulson had been on ground zero after one of Iron Mans raids on a Hydra complex. Stark was devolving into something less than human. The man was becoming a rabid animal. “Would you Captain? Could you stop him?”
“Excuse me?” Barns said extending a hand to Natasha, not that she really needed it.
With the rainbow bridge fading into the clouds and the quinjet once again taking flight, they all finally had a chance to sit down and breath.
So since then the soldier had been tight lipped about the discomfort.
“I knew you’d come back! I knew I knew! Every one said you couldn’t cause you was in heaven but I knew!” Peter sobs and clung to Steve’s neck. “Please don’t go back! Please stay Papa, Please I‘ll be good I swear!”
“Thank you…” Steve breathed behind him. The Captain teetered forward and braced for another impact with the carpet but instead he was held in place by a strong grasp. Looking up he saw Tony, the visor was up and he looked…disappointed or angry. Steve couldn’t tell which, and that bothered him. Something in him sank to the bottom of his stomach, the look in the alpha’s eyes made him want to fall and show his throat. The shameful notion made the blood rush in his cheeks to fast and left him dizzy.
Loki hadn't slept well the night before and ended up rising with the sun to start breakfast, something he had taken to more often than not these days. Evidently, the little one shared some of his bearers early morning tendency and found his way into the kitchen where his uncle was cooking.
Burce’s quote is from the philosopher - Marcus Aurelius
However, much like the age-old tale of lovers denied, the pair would not be deterred. Admittedly, they hadn't thought this through and now their chickens were home to roost...or at least the egg.
AN: Also the eye color phenomenon is actually a thing, many babies are born with blue eyes that transition over time. This is basically my nod to comic-verse Tony vs. MCU Tony.
The first person to take note was Bruce, it happened by accident actually. You see everyone had ‘chores’ (Steve’s idea of course) various little tasks that they all did each week or so. Loki’s task had been to wash the quinjet.
“I do though.” He says, pushing around some fried rice with a cut-rate plastic fork. “We do, ya know.. we been trying but, it ain't happened yet.”
Steve smiled and lowered his head. “Thanks for that J.”
His tone was even if a bit annoyed, hiding the disappointment well. Loki had become so good at hiding, delving deeper into his former title as the god of lies.
“And I you.”
Loki had to learn that skill because if he didn't...no one would ever see him.
This is what brought the omega  to the towers medical room. He wasn't alone of course, as a show of support  Pepper had shown up with a troop of little pups who are all going to have physicals that day. The little ones wanted to show Uncle Loki how Uncle Bruce is the best Doctor ever. All the while Bruce was smiling and quietly saying he's not that kind of doctor. Natasha kisses him on the cheek and disagrees kindly telling the man he can do anything he sets his mind to.
“That's the thing,” She began “I live with this weird Alpha, Omega and their kids and these guys love second chances. It rubs off on the rest of us.”
She rounded into the bedroom and felt her heart drop, Steve leaning heavily on a chair -looking flushed and worried as the news played  in the background. News crews reporting, “Iron man is down and has not surfaced for nearly two minuets.”
As it seemed, that gentler warmer part of Steve won as the sun went down and the other occupants of the farmhouse tucked in for a well-needed rest.
Yet, things do not work out as you plan and sometime it is the plan you never saw coming that could change everything.
The entryway opened and they were greeted by the butler, an elderly man named Edwin Jarvis. Not at all an imposing figure in relation to his surroundings. Jarvis was a small kindly looking man with a British accent and twinkling blue eyes. “Thank you for coming Sir’s, Madam; please follow me to the parlor and Mr. Stark will be with you shortly.” Jarvis said, leading them inside and subsequently offering the guests afternoon tea.
“No no…Steve… baby look at me. We can do this, we can beat this. I will be right there every step of the way and I’m obscenely rich so you will have the best care.” Tony was starting to tear up and Steve was desperately trying to stop him.
Stark help out his palms and powered up the repulsor. “You stay back! I don’t know who the hell you are but you can’t be Steve, you cant because he’s dead! I buried my husband you hear me! I buried him and I swear I will vaporize your ass if you say you’re him.”
Tony rolled his eyes and smiled, “Keep telling yourself that sweet cheeks.”
“Did I tell you that I once met a great wolf? His name is Fenrir and he lives in a big cave on an island far in the northern ocean. I ran away once, I ran so far until I saw no more and the air and sea was so cold. Then I came to the island and used my magic to walk on the pebbled beach, I thought I’d found a place where I could be all alone.”
“Think of the money he’ll save on eye patches, he can just get a blind fold”
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
“I’m an idiot…”
Jackets falling and ties pooling atop the bundles of fabric, those brown eyes looking down at him with so much emotion. This was just for him, no one else got to see this side of Tony Stark - so completely open and vulnerable. Lips damp and redden. "I love you. God I love you Tony." He spoke in a whisper surging up to attack the other mans mouth.
Now with a head clear of heat and under the unbiased and sober light of day, Steve felt like he‘d done something terrible. All those years of repression and self-internalized shame that mass drilled into him about pre-marital relations was bouncing around in his head. Sure times had changed and even back in the day, he had gotten close to crossing that line a time or two. Maybe if he had been healthy he really would have. Still, there was that doubt every time he looked in the mirror. He could almost picture the disappointment on his mothers face.
“Like a bee hive…”
Mood swings aside, Bruce wouldn't give this up. They were only a few weeks away from holding their daughter. Loki was calm today and had that barely there smile that Bruce loved the most. He walked up behind the taller man and dropped a kiss on the soft pale skin. “I love you.”
Just a half hour later, massages concluded and the lights once again out in the penthouse bedroom - Steve woke again to the familiar tightening pain; this however, was much stronger than the last and lasted far longer.
“I've got eyes on him.” He relayed through the coms and cautiously approached the mermaid and her heavy cargo.
Thor and Loki, :P
"Shut up Anthony! I don't care! Can't you see I'm trying to work!"
The suits sensors began to flash, indicating an incoming flight signature, It was the quinjet, and Tony scowled at the reading and looked to the skies. They must have used cloaking to get this close; thankfully, hydra tech wasn’t as good as his was.
“Tony watch out for those tanks and take out that torrent!” Steve crouched behind his shield as the bullets sprayed the snowfield.
Loki rolled his eyes, “Cute Stark, your quips are ever so witty. Things at the school are going quite well. My students are all skilled beyond their years, in fact, I should suspect that the future crop of super powered villains will be even better than the last. “He smirked.
Scratch that, something like this was always happening. They should have known, Tony should have known - every time he gets a little taste of happiness it blows up in his face. Sometimes literally.
Removing the head alpha of the Avengers would have been hard on the team no doubt. They would have rallied however and come back stronger than ever in their anger. Taking two of the most important people to Steve Rogers though- that sounded more like a Red Skull plan than anything Ada could have come up with. Perhaps she hadn’t anticipated the Winter soldier at all? For a mission like this it was usually Steve and Tony or Steve, Natasha and Sam. Perhaps Captain America had been the target all along. However, there was the tie to Hansen - an old associate of Starks. It had to be that Hydra wanted to take down them both at once.
However, Captain America did belong at least in the name the serum had bestowed upon him, because he had a job to do. Therefore, Steve held onto that, just do the job- just be worth something.
James nods. :It's not a bad idea, Loki will have another heat coming up the end of next month, and he could take off the week before and just be home, maybe convincing Loki to do the same.  If they could just reconnect maybe that would help. “Yeah, I think I will”
By morning Tony would be back to his old self, but he knew what the team had done for him - what Steve had done for him. So yeah maybe in the long run Strange had a point with his plan, not that Tony didn't since off his facial hair bros' eyebrow the next time he saw him  ' It's the principal of the thing.'
Loki drifted into view, an eel named Jormungand - slithered around the ravenette tail. The creature sparking with neon light every now and then. “What is it your oaf… what is that…” Loki stared at the sight of a bundled child in his brother’s arms. The little one dwarfed even more so by the blondes’ size.
Maybe that was the flaw, James wanted that happy life so much that all he saw was a happy life. Sure, they had their fights, they could argue and slam doors, have knock down drag out screaming matches like the best of them.  Yet tempers cooled and words spoken in anger always had a way of fizzling out once logic came into play.
“Captain Rogers, Sir appears to be awake would you like me to call him for you?” Jarvis tried again.
He wanted to end Hydra more than anyone, wanted to destroy the evil men that lead such organizations, but not like this. The streets running red with blood in his name. This was wrong.
Tony smirked looking up from his work bench." Hit me J" A screen lit up with an image that made Tony grin like a maniac.  "J, home share please, and record."
Coming back to the bed room looking a little less like a kicked puppy and slightly more like a child hopeful for getting away without a spanking, Tony lingered in the door way. “Hey honey.”
“Fuck you Stark.”
“Ughhhhh STEEEB” Tony groaned theatrically and checked his watch again. “We aren't like any other couple though. Embrace your extra life!”
I’m pregnant.
That was another thing that was more noticeable now than a few weeks ago.
All Natasha and he knew is that it was something valuable was being held in a vault at a nearby hi-tech pharmaceutical developer, and the word 'virus' was thrown around a lot. That couldn’t bode well even with the limit knowledge Barnes had on such things.
With shaking hands and tearful eyes, the omega accepted his alphas care, because James would never hurt him. They curled together and the alpha was tender in his words and touches.
“Perhaps a bit of decadence.” he mused eyeing the expensive bath products. The towers bathroom was every bit the vision of luxury. Marble floors, large modern bath, a shower monstrous enough for several people and multiple sprays above. Loki selected a large emerald green ball covered in gold glitter. James had mocked him gently about the bath bombs Stark had left in a welcome basket.
Mother says that I have to be patient . One day everyone will see what I'm capable of of. Yet how will they see?
“That’s….that’s amazing Thor thank you.” Steve looked dangerously misty so Tony felt the need to intervene; he knew that if the omega burst into tears in front of anymore of their pack Steve would never forgive himself.
“I want my daddies!” Peter shouted
“So wet for me sweetie, have you playing with your little clit thinking about me?” Bucky asked, training his fingers down from the blonds crease and along his length.
Howard wasn’t crazy, he was devastated. He had a right to be, and as his friend, she had to be there to help pick up the pieces of the inventor before someone else came along and rearranged them into something dark and bitter.
The inventor snorted, “Not literally my fingers, mine are way better. I’m talking about the chair, seems like you’re enjoying the new birds amenities. Let me know if you wanna check out that shower, J can auto pilot and I will be more than happy to be sure you don’t drop the soap…or do, whatever.”  Stark wiggled his eyebrows.
Tony.
Tony shifted his blurry gaze to the voice reaching out through the ringing of fear. He sees the being gleaming in the water before him and thinks for a moment that it is one of the ‘Norns’ his father told him about. Tony used to laugh at those stories armored shining spirits that protected their people. Directly gazing at the glowing face and shield Tony wondered if the Norn had come for him.
Or would that backseat always be empty? Just like him...cold and desolate. Would his alpha one day realize the fatal flaw and leave him to rot?
“I should hope you have the decent to allow me to collect my things before you go and report my failings.”
Loki feels it to, feels James and the bright bloom of pain in his shoulders and back. More and more pain as he lowers the mental shield he usually keeps. He needs the information despite the pain. James is afraid and that in itself is just wrong because Loki likes to think his Alpha to be as fearless as they come. He can't just stay here sitting on his hands, he won't become like Steven. Not while he has a chance to do something about it.
The super soldier racked his brain, what had happened? Where was he last?  Steve remembered leaving in the quinjet… leaving Tony and Peter….oh god Tony...Peter. The cold crippling fear of ‘what if ‘ sunk into his bones. What if this was like the last time…what if it was longer?
For now though, with time to kill after their appoint meant and no villains in sight - Tony Stark had some filthy plans in mind.
As Steve watched the older omega, he wondered if Phil did this for Clint’s children, folding their clothes for school and such. He didn’t really remember his mother doing that though he assumed she must have, the longer he’d been out of the ice the less he could remember those days before the serum. He wanted to hold onto them if only for her. Wanted his child to hear about the wonderful grandmother who would have loved and adored them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Yet burying away these feelings had traditionally served him well enough hadn't it?
After the failed attempt at domination back in 45, Schmitt found himself torn through space and time. Unaware of the world or worlds he passed through, or of his existence on the world that found him.
“I will come to you in the morning my love, unfortunately I am occupied with something very important for a dear friend and I mustn’t disappoint her. You understand don’t you dear?” She sounded so sweet and so sincere.
“Stop pouting or I'm not going to stop on the way back at that doughnut place you like.” Steve smiled and leaned over the bed rubbing his face against the alphas neck, eliciting a gravely purr that Tony would later deny because 'alphas don't purr. No sir.' “You want doughnuts don't you?”
Steve smiled as Tony's body went boneless against his. The soldier pressed a gentle kiss on Tony's sweat-damp hair and stroked his back. It felt too good to ruin with talking. Even Tony seemed to sense it. They sat in warm, sweet silence with nothing but the sound of their breath and the wind outside to disturb the moment. Steve wondered if he could talk SHIELD - likely with a little extra help from Coulson to put pressure on - into letting them take a little vacation. Getting Tony off in a tropical location with nothing but beaches and margaritas to worry about would be heaven. "Eventually," he admitted as it became harder and harder not to drift off in the backseat of the car, "we're gonna have to move. And dress. And drive."
Nat had been wet before Clint even started - just the kisses and knowing how hot he'd be after their separation had been enough to get her revved up. Feeling his clever fingers working her open was the icing on the cake. Far from passive, Nat moved against Clint almost as much as he moved himself. Soon she shuddered, her body throbbing with the first flowing waves of climax. Nat cursed in Russian and even gasped Clint's name in a husky groan while her legs tightened around the man's shoulders.
He stepped uneasily onto the ethereal bridge, looking doubtful of its ability to hold them. "I think I'd prefer something more... concrete."
Resisting the urge to grit his teeth and roll his eyes, Steve agreed, "I can take care of it, Tony. I'm pretty sure it's my blood in the water getting them all excited anyway."
Tony couldn't help smiling at Steve's insistence on staying by his side. "Making a promise like that, you'd better be," he said groggily. "When I wake up, the first thing I wanna see is that handsome face of yours." Flirting with the other man had become second nature to Tony. He relished the way Steve became so easily flustered. Indeed, Tony had never seen anyone blush as fiercely or quite as much as Steve. The truth of the matter was that he had grown attracted and attached to Captain America in a short space of time. To his great personal pride, Tony had managed not to make a move. He was too unsure about Steve. The sexual tension was mutual, that much was clear, but exactly how might Steve react? It might be worth it to find out. Before Tony could pursue this train of thought any further, he was out like a light.
The metal fell to the ground without a second's hesitation. Other weapons could be found, and weapons weren't the only way to fight. If Clint got his throat torn out, that was a scenario they couldn't work around. "What do you want?" he asked flatly. Creed already knew that what he wanted most was for Clint to be safe, so there was no endgame in pretending otherwise. Phil kept his eyes on the mutant. If he paid too much attention to Clint or the blood trickling down his skin, then it would get even harder to pretend he felt anything close to calm. As it was, Coulson found himself really wishing he had Logan's claws and a chance in hell of beating Creed hand to hand just so that he could get a few hits in.
He led the charge downstairs and was glad to find the room guarded by someone who wasn't a huge jackass. The blond woman gave them each a quick retinal scan and waved them in. "I'll let anyone else who shows up know it's in use."
Phil smiled back and put a hand against the back of Clint's neck, stroking the sensitive skin. "I wouldn't really want you to." A thought had been swirling in his mind, and even though he was loathe to broach the subject, it was as good a time as any. "If you... look, I don't care what's happened, I fully intend, once we're both ready, to make sure that we have the absolute most fantastic sex that two people have ever had. That said, it's going to be awhile." It was hard to be sure, but the words felt true. He'd never been through anything like what Creed had done to him, and the reality of it was too jarring to ignore. "If you need someone... this is a very different situation. That whole monogamy rule... this is..." He wasn't sure how to put it into words, but if Clint felt ready a long time before he did, having Clint be with someone else sounded a lot better than losing the man altogether. "Just make sure it's someone you trust. That we trust. Go to Natasha, not one of those bars, okay?"
"Well, Clint got me an iPod," Steve offered. The thing had been the bane of his existence for a few days, but once he got used to it, having a strange variety of music at his disposal had been kind of nice. "The Beatles, Abba, Black Sabbath, uh... lots of things. So I'm getting better with that. Maybe movies or television?" Natasha had surprised him one day with a pile of DVDs featuring movies that he'd seen once upon a time in the theater and then spent the better part of an hour patiently explaining the system to him. He'd been so touched by the unexpected gesture that he'd come dangerously close to hugging the woman. Thankfully he'd thought better of it and simply thanked her effusively instead.
Logan didn't miss Nat's gesturing. He glanced at her, wavering. //She's right... She's absolutely right. But...// The chance to do something like that for Scott was enough to sway Logan despite common sense urging caution. "Don't worry, darlin'. I don't know any o' SHIELD's secrets." He shrugged. "No threat to your bunch." Taking a deep breath, he looked Loki in the eye once again. The idea of the little bastard wiggling around in his brain was enough to give him pause yet again, but he finally nodded slowly. "Alright, but you ain't gonna find much. Everything older'n the eighties is kinda mush."
"I don't think I do either," Steve agreed. It was nice being part of the group. While he hadn't been thrilled at first with the idea of walking around and enduring disbelieving stares, in the end his natural desire to be around people was overwhelming the concern. Hiding just wasn't his style. People were going to look. They were curious, and Steve couldn't blame them for the impulse. "Any progress today?"
"At the moment, we're going over some of the older tech from storage - well, the specs. Director Fury has opened up some absolutely fascinating files," Simmons explained with apparent glee. She was doing everything but clapping her hands with excitement.
Fitz looked equally pleased. In fact he was too excited to remember that he was supposed to be jealous of Bruce and instead waved the man over to point excitedly at the screen. "Jarvis has been filtering through the information from the suit, and it worked! All of it! Well, most of it. Alright, so technically Mr. Stark was dead for a few seconds, but then the nanobots kicked, and look at this!"
Clint smiled, feeling relieved. "I'm really alright with that. And a movie. Something stupid and pointless. Like Monty Python stupid. Or Space Balls stupid," he decided before settling back and pulling the two close to him again. "One of us can get up and get it in a second." It felt too good to have the two people closest to him wrapped around him to let them get up immediately.
In which the trash is rounded up and Clint needs to get help.
"Yeah. It's kind of... well, it's like he left kids. They just happen to be, like, a lab and a building." Scott shook his head and wondered if that made any sense at all. "You're right, though, I don't see SHIELD giving up a place like this unless they have to." He shifted to keep his extremities from falling asleep and ended up settling more or less back into Logan's lap. "I'm gonna try to start some kind of therapy, talk to somebody. I want to go back into the field eventually, I think. Right now, I'll stick around here. No matter how much I think about something else, it's safe to say I'm not going to get out of the superhero business altogether. Apparently I'm not cut out for telling people no."
Perhaps this exile with his power crippled was even too kind. Loki had prayed that he was meant for the axe. To die would have been better than living like this.
A screen came up with the live feed of the team, footage was shaky at best - the news helicopter was brave but not stupid.  Apparently, some sort of sea creature controlled by who knows came out of the New York harbor and was tossing around boats like bath toys.
“They won’t touch him, the nurse called Lady Eir but it only made him worse. I’m sorry your highness…” The girl looked on the verge of tears as the little one whined and hiccuped pitifully in her arms. “He would not eat and all he does is cry.”
The billionaire was waiting for him at the air strip and ushered the solider into a waiting car. Tony could tell by the blondes posture he needed to slip . that too tense like not his shoulders and slightly glassy look in Steve's eyes.
Right ok, so far all he knew was this thing was out there – possible not usable but possibly in a stage where it could be. Great, that's great because this is totally what he had hoped to come home to. “You did the right thing Maya; just keep your eyes open and your head down. I'll get my guys looking into this.”
Her own words came back to haunt her, all the while watching the while lines fade into the tree shrouded horizon. All the things she did, the people she killed...and the forgiveness she found.
If the masses cry Witch, then the hanging tree is full.
The once warm brown seemed more like a cold empty black.
“He respects you. He might not say it much, but he likes your spirit.” Thor smiled gently.“Did he look well?”
“You gunna make me Stark?”  Steve challenged, blood dripping from his hand where the IV had been placed.
“The hits keep on coming, Mallen's also got a rap-sheet a mile long and ties to the Aryan brotherhood. A real swell guy to invite home to meet Ma.” Barnes flips a few surveillance photos onto the table. “He's aligning himself with a small cell of domestic terrorists. They have a hydra connect to, how high it goes we don't know. Nat was able to lift a blackberry off of one of them, nothing but porn, burner numbers and all the speed dials were pizza joints.”
The others began to promptly make their back to the boat and wait for Steve. This had been the most chaotic thing any of them had ever seen and would be happy to put this monstrous day behind them.
“I can still remember when you’d walk away, I remember every time I needed you and you weren’t there. All you were was a guy who lived in the same house, a guy who could never be proud me. I always wanted to ask you if it was worth it, if all that work…that entire legacy…was it worth it.  You never even said you loved me…”
Thor still remembered how his mother had swooped in and tugged Loki up and into her arms. Saying they should go tend to their studies as she disappeared down the halls with the small boy on her hip.
“Sir.” The female agent driving Fury’s car spoke up.
Thank you for coming to read my work! I look forward to your comments and kudos. This is my first full length work for this fandom so please  be kind.
Rhodes had hoped to settle this on land, but upon entering the workshop, it was clear that wasn’t going to happen. Tony was no wear in sight and flight doors were open.
Every muscle on the omegas frame seemed to tight, ready to spring at any moment and that really needed to stop because Tony could smell the sour unease coming of his skin. Just thinking about it now Steve’s scent lately should have really clued him in, it had been much more noticeable than it usually was.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8tIlpGjszQ
A third ring of the bell made his jaw clench. Spelling himself out of the worn joggers and oversize shirt of his alpha and into something more fitting of his stature. If the Widow came to see Loki, she would damn well get her trips worth.
The alpha threw up his hands, “You can pull this stubborn shit another time but right now! We are going to the med floor where Bruce and Jemma can get a handle on this in-case anything goes wrong.”
“That is terrible and a little funny.”
“How am I to be both mother and father to him? What love have I to give…” Loki sounded so broken as his mother moved to pull in into her arms, the baby now sheltered between them.
“I’m sorry what? It sounded like. My ears....They heard...things, words that sounded as if you wanted.... nah you said you want another baddy right?  Since Reindeer Games is off the evil train, no worries schnookipus, I’m sure another evil drama queen from planet Euro-flare will come and ask you to come out and play.”
“m’fine, stop yellin”
He was probably going to get a very strongly worded letter from one of their omegas. Not that Tony reads his mail, he more-or-less let Jarvis handle that and his sorting algorithms only alerted him if anything particularly interesting was picked up by the AI.
“Hey Stevie!”
They lay down in bed that night after the last few days of tentative research and talking to friends and it all just seems to hit him. Remembering the was Wade screamed 'tossed me higher daddy' and Logan had the biggest smile he'd ever seen. That guy didn't smile all that often, but for his kid..it went on for miles. All James wanted was for Loki to be happy like that.
Steve had been in the Tower before, but with Tony, things were always chaos. Much like the tech around him forever updating and becoming obsolete, Stark loved to add and alter things in his home. Considering his last visit, it was clear Stark had been a busy bee. Everything had been streamlined and there was even more security measures. On the upside, the later did make him feel better. Stark wasn’t taking any chances, and who could blame him – Steve had found out about the Mandarin and Tony’s temporary demise while he was out on a mission. He had been so angry that he found out after the fact, paired with everything else that was going on and then…Fury, Bucky. Hydra. He was still reeling.
"Daddy Look!" Peter came running up waving a drawing in one hand as Dum-E rolled behind the boy beeping with an out stretched and now padded claw. The helper bot had become an impromptu nanny for when Tony was working in the lab.
LoKi: Altho your taste in undergarments is not wholey unfortunate, perhaps we could work something out Hawk
“Petey what’s wrong?” Tony knelt down, he hadn’t seen the little boy in months and now Peter was crying. Well he wasn’t father of the year that was for damn sure.
Peter laughed and wiggled, “nooo!”
“You sure baby doll cause ..”
Madam Hydra, or rather Ada. Wasn’t human enough to have the same grudge that her garnet faced predecessor had. She was just seeing if her new toy was worth the effort. It wouldn’t have mattered who showed up.
“Captain, are you alright?”
I want to thank you all for reading this!
What he needs...he needs to live. He needs the suit.
Did he really look that bad?
If there was one thing the good Doctor had learned about Loki so far, was that the ravenette was - essentially ....the worlds biggest drama Queen. And that was saying something considering his best friend was Tony Stark.  The fact still remained, Loki at his core wasn't a bad guy, he just got bored easily.
“Lovely to see you as always Margret” Stane said coolly as he corked the decanter and slid it away into the liquor cabinet. “I thought it best if someone was here considering.....” His fake considerate tone made her sick.
GammaFrost Ship ahead!
In a way, this would be his first. That it would feel as it should have, or at least a better representation to what normal omega dealt with.
“Yeah.. Sorry I’ll just.” I move to get up and he stops me, or at least he get in the way. Lets face it with out the suit he can’t stop me from doing to much.
“I’m sorry daddy!” Peter whined and abandoned Steve to fling himself onto his other father. Tugging at the blanket and fretfully whining.
“You can't shelter me from this.” Loki gently twisted his desperate fingers in the soft cotton shirt, pressing his face into the familiar curve of neck. He distantly remembers being so small and sleepy as his brother carried him. Wondering when that was and why he recalled it now of all times. Why he couldn't have thought of such tender times when nothing but anger had consumed him.
That was the thing about Tony; he said everything with his eyes. Steve loved his eyes, said they reminded him of dark chocolate or the expensive coffee Tony Loved so much.
Typically, Alphas tended to gravitate toward louder things that are more energetic; hence, if you looked at the music lists of some of the other team members you would find typical patterns. Not to say that everyone liked at least a few good ballads.
……. “Sure.” That’s when Tony Stark finally learned to just smile and nod.
“If you get me to him now maybe, I want to believe it’s not too late. I want to believe my husband is still there, that what he feels for our family and me will be enough. But if you don’t if this continues then no, and I will not kill him, I can’t and I won’t.” Steve’s eyes glistened, the thought had crossed his mind that if he couldn’t stop Tony, if he was too far-gone.
The two boys swam for their lives as the monster thrashed and burst out of the ship. It was massive and angry to have been woken up by the curious little mer.
This was going to be a very long day.
“I love you to.”
Banner, having long ago learned the art of ADHD Billionaire speak, brushes off the interruption. “Yes he came by to tell us you were both alive and on your way back. He wouldn't stay however, I think something was going on with him but considering everything that everyone has been through tonight? Well, it's not as if I blame him. Besides that, how...how are you here Tony?”
Barnes left his cover at the mark, strolling across the gravel yard of the warehouse; distantly he could hear the blast at the front gate. Courtesy of Daisy Johnson no doubt, he had trained her in the range and spared with the young inhuman on several occasions. The girl certainly knew how to make an entrance.
He forced a smirk, “its only a flesh wound.”
Bath time went well, Steve was quietly immersed in drawing little shapes on the side of the tub. Once the little was clean his Daddy helped him out and into a warm bathrobe. It was yellow with floppy ears and one of little Steve's favorites.
Tony slapped at the hand on his shoulder shooting up from the chair, "What about Steve... is he hurt, was he captured?" He was ready to break out the old suit and go get his husband if he had to, Pepper could watch Peter, they wouldn't be long. Tony already had some quip about calling Steve Princess Peach, they'd laugh and Tony would snark; when they got back to the tower Tony would order take out and they'd eat five star Italian out of styrofoam boxes then make love.
Loki's arrival on the scene wasn't unwelcome, truthfully –his power could easily turn the tide. Coulson wasn't going to stop the Hail Mary pass by any means, but it was unusual.
Steve didn’t hear the rest of what Hill said, he just honed in on the face of that mad man and the face of the man who used to be his friend. “No…no”
“Mr. Stark I meant no disrespect, but I have been all over globe and never have I seen anything I could not explain.”
Standing in the shower furiously scraping the dried blood caked under his nails…he only felt like a monster. Tony could still smell the smoke and the burning flesh, nothing made it better. Now the nightmares just melted together into a mash of images. The heat of the desert now burned with flames, the vast dark void of the portal became dead men’s eyes.  When the last time he slept was, really slept? He didn’t know, maybe he didn’t deserve it…not yet.
The shield pulled out of sight, the not-Steve was straddling his chest, breathing hard with red wind bitten cheeks. Tears in those so real blue eyes. Why would they do this…why would they be so cruel…?
Bucky and Tony would have likely been side-by-side, burning half of Europe to the ground if it meant killing every hydra agent on the planet. That was one slice of hell Steve was glad to see his friend spared. He wasn’t sure if he could have helped salvage both of them… Although, seeing the way Loki kept casting such longing looks over at the sniper- Steve wondered if it was really his job anymore to trail after Bucky. It seemed the two fallen men had somehow found solace with one another.
“I don’t know…how they would get it in there?” the younger boy asked, bending to look over the long metal implement.
The hospital staff looked like they wanted to object but didn’t seem to have the courage to intervene now.
Steve followed him out having tugged on the nearest pair of lounge pants, “Be careful Tones, don’t act reckless and listen to Coulson!”
“That's the time you must keep on trying. Smile, what's the use of crying? You'll find that life is still worthwhile… If you just smile”
Steve towered over the other man glaring at him, Fury not moving an inch. If Nick was nervous at all, he wasn’t showing it. “And what was that, a martyr?”
“How’s the weather in Budapest?”
Looking back, Barnes couldn't even remember the last time he saw Loki finish a meal or have anything more substantial than a cup of tea. The alpha was kicking himself for not noticing it sooner. Had this really been going on for month’s right under his nose? Loki had that battle field like this, expended all that energy and then had his heat. No wonder he was in such a state. A tiny voice in the back of Barnes mind taunted him.
Steve hesitated. Tony honestly didn’t have time for the omega’s modesty when something potentially life threatening could be happening. “J hit me with Steve’s stats buddy.”
“We gonna get to see Unca Bucky and Unca Loki?” Peter asked as his papa helped him into his outfit. He was a big boy but still buttons were hard. So it was okay to have papa's help. Papa always told them that asking for help was important because no one is perfect and you can learn a lot by asking. Even though Daddy never asks for help and Papa, gets cross with him. Papa says that’s just Alphas.
Steve could tell of course, he knew every inch and every sound of his alpha. Even now he knew they were not just going out to grab a bite to eat. This was business, so straightened his back and squared his shoulders. “Okay.”
Tony had his camera-ready face, false bravado in full effect and Steve wished he wouldn‘t do that. Wished the alpha wouldn’t feel the need to be ‘on’   all the time. Tony did that though , like some primal defense mechanism, where most creatures had fight or flight Tony Stark had  fight or ‘show off’. “So is this that ‘what to expect when your expecting’ and all that Jazz? Do we get pamphlets or are we going to get one of those weird new-age parenting tapes? All I ask is no one breaks out the ‘miracle of life‘ video cause I did have lunch before coming down.”
He hadn’t seen it coming, the punch to the temple of the helmet send stars across his vision before everything faded to black.
The little boy shook his head in the negative and took a few steps toward the blonde. "Can...can I have a hug? Daddy say's I'm too big but sometimes..Anna and Jarvis give me hugs. Mommy too sometimes."
Logan looked up at Scott, expression sobering a bit. "I kept wishin' I could just hold you, even just for a few minutes." He smiled faintly. "I even asked the agents if I could. They looked at me like I'd asked for a chainsaw," he said, smile broadening a little before he leaned in for another slow kiss. His hands slid up Scott's stomach, thumbs lightly brushing over his nipples before moving down to the man's hips and urging him fully onto his lap.
"That's a good idea," Natasha agreed from the doorway. She saw Steve opening his mouth to protest and gave a sharp shake of her head. "Tony is drugged, vulnerable, and he can barely hold his tongue under normal circumstances. Anything you need to hear, he'll tell you himself. For now, suit up. As soon as SHIELD gets a lock on his location, we move in. Now, Cap."
Bruce put a hand on Logan's shoulder and stepped up cautiously. If the woman was Asgardian, he knew he stood the best chance if she was hostile. "We're with SHIELD. We were kind of hoping you'd be... uh, Thor." He rifled through his memories of the files he'd read. "Sif, right? I'm guessing that if you're here, things up in Asgard aren't too good."
"I'm... fine," Bruce grated out in a voice slightly deeper than normal as he slowly straightened up, looking reasonably calm.
"Nothing else smart to say, huh? Good boy," Clint purred, grasping his cock for a moment to run the lube-slick fingers teasingly over Scott’s entrance. The muscles were relaxed, and Clint could hear Scott all but panting beneath him. With a slight shift and a hook of his hips, he was pushing into the other man, moaning his pleasure. "God... god, you're tight for such a little whore," he grated, fingers digging into Scott's hips as he pushed forward.
Unable to resist irritating Coulson, Clint placed a hand on the side of the car and vaulted in, a black duffel bag in his lap. The archer was more than graceful enough to execute the maneuver without even creasing the upholstery on the collectible car. "You act like it's my fault that half the things I drive or fly end up getting shot out from under me," he remarked, unzipping the bag as they eased out of the garage. "Don't figure Xavier'd be too impressed with me showing up in my gym clothes," he remarked, dragging a change of clothes from the bag. He looked directly at Coulson and quirked a faint grin. "You don't mind if I change in the car, do you?"
"Probably Loki's influence." Coulson had noticed an upswing in crime in general, and he was beginning to have a sinking feeling about how many people Loki might have visited throughout the world. "We appreciate you coming."
Coulson shook his head at once. "It's not worth losing you in the process. Not even close to worth it."
"Yeah, runt? See if I care."
"You intend to bring Thor's companions to our realm and free the Lady Frigga and Odin's true son?"
"Nice to see you too. Stark, what's the story?"
Victor scowled. "Can I keep the archer? He was fun." Getting a threatening glower from Loki, the mutant scowled but nodded. "I'll have 'em out of here as soon as I get clothes on." He smirked at Loki. "Call me?" he teased before ducking back into his room to change.
"Nice to know he's not easily frightened." Clint's exploits were legendary in the right circles. The man's attention always returned to Natasha, but he never seemed shy about using any port in the storm when she was otherwise engaged. "I knew it was a good sign when he was able to walk when he showed up for his shift. Well, mostly."
"We'll be there with you the whole time, and be there after as much as you want us to be." Phil knew that there might be moments where Clint wanted time to himself to process. He hated the thought of their being separated, but it would be about what Clint needed first and foremost. "Right now, I think you should kiss me and stop worrying about it because it's going to be fine. I know it is." They'd survived Loki twice, and they'd gotten home in one piece, more or less. They were going to survive the next round too.
Loki smiled broadly up at the man before tilting his head and running his tongue along the side of Victor's cock, watching it jerk and fill with blood. It was strange how giving up power when it came to sex could feel so empowering. With a look, a touch, a flick of his tongue, Loki controlled every bit of pleasure the muscular man felt. "Don't be afraid to take what you want. If I don't want it too, I'll stop you." He chuckled. "But if it keeps going this well, I don't think we'll have any problems. Do you?" Not waiting for an answer, Loki parted his lips and took the head of Victor's cock into his mouth, hollowing his cheeks as he worked to suck the other man to full hardness.
That was all it had taken. Loki was actually stunned at how easily Tony had given in. He'd been more desperate than Loki gave him credit for, and the thought was surprisingly affecting. Stark was honestly in love. It was strange to be on the receiving end of that particular emotion even if it was borrowed, even if it was entirely false. He held fast to the facade and met Stark's lips as carefully as he knew how. His own experiences had all tended toward the desperate, the illicit. The moments were stolen moments. He supposed kissing Tony Stark was a stolen moment too, he'd just moved on to an entirely different kind of theft.
"That'd be Jarvis," Tony mouthed to Steve.
The feral mutant retracted his claws, but looked no less pissed. "He can't wait until I've had my fucking coffee?"
The contact was gentle. It wasn't right, though. Not quite. It wasn't quite Steve. It was, however, the closest he'd ever have again, and Tony was willing to cling to that in the moment. He couldn't quite shake the sense of wrongness, and he had to fight to keep his breathing level. The internal tremor was easy to ignore as his hands moved slowly over Loki's body. "You feel so good," he murmured shakily, sounding half surprised. Tony felt tears threaten as he realized in frustration that the illusion wasn't perfect and wouldn't be. But it was close enough. If Loki was going to use him, the illusion made it easier.
Natasha nodded her agreement and offered the faintest of smiles. "Nice shirt." It wasn't the time for levity, but it wasn't the time to close all the shades and lose hope either.
Victor moaned softly, pleased with how clearly Loki was enjoying being used. Deciding to see just where the line was - if there even was one - he hilted himself fully in Loki's throat, holding the god there for a few moments before pulling out completely. Dragging his partner to his feet, he pressed their lips together in a rough kiss, then, with a wicked grin, shoved Loki back onto the bed. Instead of climbing in with him, though, Victor grabbed him by the thighs and pulled him to the edge of the mattress, letting their cocks press together as he leaned in and licked and bit his partner's lean, toned chest.
"Else? There's an else?" Coulson tried very, very hard to remember anything else that he might have said or done in Natasha's presence that required additional information being passed on to Clint. He was worrying so much about it that he didn't even realize how well it was distracting him from freaking out about everything else. Suddenly whatever had brought him back wasn't the center of his universe. Clint and Natasha and a growing sense of horror were. "Maybe we should pretend there's not one?"
Scott quirked a smile at that. "I'm not ready to get out there yet. We both know it, but I just... it would be hard to leave this one lie." He didn't know how badly in debt the pair of them were to Natasha. He didn't want to know. Scott sighed and leaned into Logan's embrace. "After that, maybe some therapy." Normally Scott wasn't big on venting his problems to anyone, but he suspected he needed it to get through everything. If he was going to really get back to work and normalcy, he needed some help.
Steve was on his feet at once, shedding the metal shell with the help of the bots. "Are they okay? Can I see them?"
Clint absently registered the exchange as he settled into his seat between Coulson and Nat, his mind halfway on his anxiety regarding their opponent, the other half focusing on Fury as the man settled into his seat at the head of the table and gestured to Phil. "Agent Coulson. If you'd get us started..."
Clint managed to pull himself together much more quickly, and he stood from behind the counter, raking a hand through mussed hair and hoping he wasn't still too flushed. "No need," he said with a cocky smirk. "We're done." There was no point pretending that something more than hand holding hadn't been happening.
Logan raised an eyebrow when Tony turned to his companion to whisper, "Cap, help me out here..." //'Cap'...? No... can't be.//
Logan glanced at Nat, then noted where she was looking and that she was smiling. He raised his eyebrows at her with a faint smile, indicating the two men in the front seat with a slight, questioning jerk of his head. It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that she was trying to hook them up. Unless, apparently, you were Clint Barton. Then it was fucking cuneiform.
Tony slowly lost what little discipline he had, unable to resist thrusting faster and angling his hips to make sure each thrust hit the spot inside his lover that tore the most incredible whimpers and cries from Steve's lips. He watched Steve's unbelievably long lashes flutter against his cheeks, the way his perfect pink lips parted with each roll of Tony's hips. The sight combined with the way Steve's body gripped his cock like a vice was enough to drive Tony over the edge, and he cried out Steve's name as he found his release, hips pressed tight against the blonde's ass.
Logan eventually gave up his attempts to signal Steve to lie like his life depended on it and suppressed a sigh. //If we're gonna work together, he's *got* to learn t' read me better,// he thought.
After putting up with more fangirling from the hostess, Logan managed to convince her to hide them in a corner of the restaurant. "Last thing I need is a buncha kids to see ya," Logan pointed out as he looked over the menu. He didn't have a huge aversion to kids per se, but the idea of trying to peacefully enjoy a beer while a bunch of screaming rugrats crawled all over Steve like he was a jungle gym and asked weird kid questions just sounded like a kind of pain he wasn't willing to put up with.
Clint's expression of anger softened at Coulson's confession. He glanced at the hammer again, felt the strange tug. It was with all his might that he put a foot on the artifact and shoved it to the other side of the plane, into a corner under the benches. With the weapon well away from him, he felt like something had let go of him, and he started breathing again. //Didn't realize I was holding my breath,// he thought, then looked back up to Coulson gratefully. "Yeah," he agreed shakily, keeping his voice low. With the hammer well away from him, it was clear just how close he'd gotten to once again losing himself. "You're not the only one who's scared. That thing... I don't think 'evil' begins to cover it."
"You just wanna get your hands in my suit," Tony replied casually. "And the one you're adapting the gun to is, well..." Standing up, he took a second to rearrange his thoughts. The neuro interface was still taking some getting used to. Suddenly, red and gold seemed to erupt from around the arc reactor, quickly encasing Tony in the familiar suit. "It's a little attached," he said as the faceplate slid back, "but we can do this as long as I can keep a hand free to work and the two of you don't get too irritating."
Steve relaxed visibly at the easy summary of everything. "Exactly," he agreed with a sigh. It was a relief to hear that Clint got it almost immediately. "Talking to Logan is nice. He's got a lot of gaps in his memory, but he remembers more of where I came from than anybody else outside a nursing home, and Tony... I guess maybe part of the attraction is how different he is." He shook his head and stared into his coffee for a moment before looking back up at Clint with a hint of a smile. "I don't know where any of it's going, and it's kind of terrifying. Even if this was normal, I... I've never actually dated."
"Sounds good," Clint said, feeling the weariness of keeping constantly alert seeping into his bones even after a jolt of caffeine. The stuff was more comfort than stimulant anymore. It had been a long day, and being on edge for so long left the expert marksman more exhausted than he cared to admit. "I'm going to need my rest if I'm going to keep an eye on Fitz for you." The whole idea of bringing someone in to help Barnes made Clint uneasy. He just hoped his own dire prediction of what might happen did not come to fruition.
Clint grabbed his fork overhanded and hunched over his food, elbow on the table around his plate, then reminded himself he didn't have to ram his food in so he could get suited up for an op and changed his posture a bit. Glancing up at Phil, he raised an eyebrow. "You... wanna see me jealous?" he asked, skeptical but amused. He took a bite of his eggs, impressed as always by how good they were, then gave Phil a decidedly predatory look. "I guess if you're gonna go around wearing Cap boxers, I'll have to find some other way to mark you as mine, hm?"
Clint gagged a little, but still managed to drink the issue down. He kept sucking until he felt he'd drawn every last strain of pleasure from the other man, drawing away only when Phil's cries sounded almost pained.  He pulled back, giving the man's cock a few light licks as if he couldn't get enough before he finally stood and pressed his lips to Phil's. "Fucking amazing," he breathed, still catching his breath.
Scott sank back against the couch and tried to get his thoughts in order. With anyone else, the mention of being shot might have worried him. With Logan, it probably had barely slowed the man down. Part of his mind screamed at him not to talk. Worried that it would only get louder, Scott resolutely ignored it. He needed to be straightforward while he still could be. "Loki was here. He did something to me. Logan said he just fixed my injury, the one that kept me from controlling my mutation. With everything that's happening... I have a pretty hard time believing that. I still think I'm myself, but I'm not acting like it. Not entirely." Scott rose and took a few steps closer to Clint. The guy was pretty gorgeous. //Where the hell's that coming from?// "I should have said something sooner."
On the bed, Stark slept like the dead, and Loki found himself watching the mortal intently. He wondered if the man dreamt of his lover. The idea brought a wicked smile to Loki's lips. There was potential in that idea. Simple glamour spells were easy enough, after all, and if they couldn’t bring him back to himself, they could make him someone else for a time. He ate sparingly and left plenty on the tray for Tony to enjoy a meal when he woke. The more Loki thought, the more he realized that he had other avenues to explore. It took but a moment's concentration to take on a form that he knew Stark would have no objection to and join the man in bed.
Simmons knocked gently on Bruce's door. She hated to interrupt him, to interrupt any of them. Even she felt the loss keenly, and Stark had barely liked her most of the time. There were dark circles beneath Jemma's eyes, and she obviously hadn't slept. When Bruce finally opened the door looking no better, she refrained from any expressions of grief. He'd heard a million condolences, she was sure, and would hear a million more. "The Avengers need Captain Rogers now more than ever. Fitz and I are close, but we don't know the serum the way you do, Dr. Banner. We need your help."
Clint smirked, well aware of what Coulson was trying to politely get at. Knowing he'd probably embarrass the poor guy, he answered, "Oh, he handles pretty well. Good and resilient."
The words alone made Steve groan. He wanted that too, almost desperately, but Steve still met Tony's gaze and tried to think clearly enough to ask if it was alright. Coherency eluded him for a moment as he stroked Tony's cock and felt Logan thrusting carefully against him. He shuddered and then smiled as he looked into Tony's eyes. "That okay with you? Because it would be really, really okay with me." He was fine with the idea of returning the favor afterward too, but they could talk about that when they were both able to form a more complex series of thoughts.
"This is a new picture," Bruce said. He smiled at Clint's look of disbelief. "Yeah. It's like that. So we're going to need a minute to figure out if and how we can use this thing." He held up a hand when Clint looked ready to speak. "Without touching it."
"Glad to hear it," Steve managed in a choked whisper, "because it's hard not to be turned on when you're around." Tony was always distracting, but when Tony was actually trying to be seductive, there was no holding back. He rolled his hips and tried to keep his movements limited. The more he could hold back, the less chance there would be of a wrong move putting extra strain on Tony's overtaxed body. Steve limited his own touches to gently caressing Tony's face, his neck, and carding fingers through his dark hair.
Clint swallowed hard and nodded, biting his lip as the roughness in Phil's voice. It was exciting to hear the man's level tone tinged with that edge of arousal, and nearly impossible to pry himself away. He managed somehow, though, pushing himself off Phil and forcing himself to his feet. Making a few personal adjustments and willing himself to calm down, he offered Phil a hand up as well. "So... beer and funnel cake and fried Snickers," he said, trying to sound casual with his face still thoroughly flushed.
"Clint's a man of many skills. Reading isn't one of them." Nat tossed a smirk Clint's way before her gaze returned to Logan. "I almost hope we have a reason to see those claws of yours. What I've read... impressive." It might have sounded flirtatious but the glint in her eyes was anything but sexual. Natasha had a deep appreciation for anyone who could kill people as efficiently as Logan. "Just make sure you watch out for the rest of the team. Steve only looks cuddly until you piss him off."
"That's a pretty low bar to jump over," Scott pointed out with a smirk. They were all pretty damaged in their own ways from what he'd seen so far. He rolled onto his side and watched Logan quietly for a minute, enjoying the still moment and the fading buzz. It had been a hell of a strange few months, but it felt like the world was finally slowing down. If it slowed enough, Scott hoped he might even be able to start making sense of some of it. "Sleep tight. I say that mostly for self preservation. I'd rather not wake up eviscerated."
Scott sighed, pleased and relieved. He hadn't realized how tense he'd been until Logan touched him and the ball of fear coiled in his stomach began to unwind. "Sounds good," he agreed with a smile as he walked backwards, leading Logan back to the room and kissing him all the way. It was awkward but well worth the slow pace not to give up the contact. Scott backed into the wall without meaning to and paused there. Beds were overrated, and he didn’t want to tear himself away long enough to adjust his course. He moaned instead and hooked his leg around Logan's hips to remove the unfortunate amount of air still lingering between them.
In which Nat is back, Clint & Phil visit Xavier's, and SHIELD gets suspicious
"Everything," Steve agreed with a sigh, "but after I shower? I smell like burnt hair. That's apparently the downside of mutant allies covered in fur." He plucked a stray strand of blue off his uniform. With Tony staring at him like he was on the menu for dinner, Steve couldn't resist crossing over to the bed and kissing him softly. "I promise, I'm joining you after I get clean. I might not even bother to put anything on... if you stop it with the coffee."
Logan nodded, following Scott's lead in cleaning up. He tugged on his clothes, then paused in the doorway. "Sure you wanna come?"
The drive was a quiet one except for Tony's usual stream of mostly inappropriate observations. Steve appreciated the chatter in a way since it distracted him somewhat from being furious. He was mad at Logan for hurting Tony and mad at himself for not being more careful to start with - not to mention not noticing that Tony was hurt. By the time they'd been in to see Tony's doctor and the wound had been both stitched up and pronounced in a rather annoyed tone by the doctor to be "not that bad," Steve was almost over being angry and had moved on to uncertainty and self recrimination. The silence that began to stretch out uncomfortably in the car was broken by his cell phone ringing. Steve picked up at once when he saw that it was Director Fury. He opened his mouth to greet the man politely, but was promptly cut off.
Logan raised an eyebrow. "Really?" he asked in a tone that said he'd sort of figured Clint for the village bicycle.
Clint nodded gratefully. "Your suite? Don't think I'd survive the elevator ride up to mine." He was pretty sure that if he so much as leaned against something, he'd be out like a light. He followed Phil gratefully back to the man's room, tossing his equipment and vest aside and crawling back onto the couch. Already laying down, he realized it was a bit chilly in the room, and managed to mumble, "Any chance there's a blanket? S'cold."
"I don't see anything special. Pretty enough, though. Twelve."
Phil couldn't really stop the tears that came to his eyes at the admission. He held Clint a little tighter. There was nothing they could do to change what had happened, not a damn thing. He let his eyes close and then shifted so that he could kiss Clint gently on the lips again. "It was supposed to be you too. And when we're ready, whenever the hell that is and however much therapy that takes? It will be you. The first time in a long time that it will matter, it will be you."
Scott managed to find a smile for that, surprised to find that he believed every word. "Okay. Thank you," he repeated before closing his eyes. Scott was out like a light a second later. It had been too long since he had the opportunity to give in to sleep with total abandon. Given the chance, he did so without hesitation. Scott slept without any sense of time passing. No dreams good or bad interrupted the darkness.
Clint raised an eyebrow. "Made out on the dance floor?" he echoed before he had the decency to remember that it sounded a little judgmental. Steve had neglected to mention that part, and Clint sure as hell wouldn't have guessed. Coulson seemed to be dealing with the news fairly well, though. //Good to know he's open-minded, at least.// Then again, the idea of someone working at SHIELD simultaneously dealing with random aliens, mutants, and science experiments and being homophobic was kind of the real paradox, when he thought about it. When the other two men looked at him, Clint gave them a sheepish grin. "Sorry. Forgot to take my smart phone with me for my morning dump. Missed the headlines. And... I mean, Steve... Again, you've completely crushed all my assumptions about you."
AN: Warnings for Self-harm.
“Brother Stay with him!” Badlr said as he pulled the sword from his belt and headed out of the healing room as the castle began to shake.
“She’s alright, I last saw her leave with my other sons when Anthony fell ill just before all of this. I’m sure that Balder and Loki have the young ones in hand and will get them to safety”
Standing there on the bridge the words still didn't seem real, this all had to be a terrible nightmare.
A rapid fire from the gauntlets rained down and Cap used the shield to block the powerful blasts. “I’m not going to fight you Tony!”  He shouted before running for cover while Stark circled back, He needed to get out of reach of the blasts and force Tony to ground the suit. If he got him on equal footing then maybe…
“Welcome home Papa.” Peter said softly as he smuggled into Steve’s side. Tony, who was on Peters other side, wrapped his arm around his husband and kissed his cheek. Things were going to get better, and this was just the first few steps toward that.
“Traitor... um well you see....It's magic and, it's special. So... You can't do it cause, only adults can do the magic when they love and respect each other.”
The truth was being surrounded with the children had proven too much today. Loki had quietly excused himself — begging off with a headache. James could tell it was a lie and gently took his omegas arm and asked if he was alright. Loki had confirmed that no, he was not. It was a big step for Loki to willingly admit when he was having a hard time. James had been so proud of him for that.
There was a soft thud and a curse from below the tractor before Stark slid out. “I’m gonna put a bell on you.” the brunette admonished.
“Nice skirt princess, was it your mothers?” Grant said smirking with his feet kicked up on the table, gesturing to the apron the young man wore. Brock stood by the window with folded arms grinning likewise at the rude customs of his younger half sibling.
James looked up and spotted the lean relaxed form of his mate, long limbs lightly pinked from a warm bath. Hair still damp and dripping. A cloying scent of health and need tingling along the alphas synapses. “Lookin good enough to eat doll.”
“Almost honey, god you look so good.” Tony said running a thumb over there joining then up to Steve’s little pucker to tease at the blonds rear. “Maybe I’ll go here next huh… Or do you wanna keep me right here.” he asked bucking his hips forward making the omega moan.
“Or something..”  Bruce tossed the journal onto his desk, “ I’ll need blood samples, hair, urine, and oral swabs to start. Then a physical exam and a secretion sample from his bonding gland. I figure I can refer to some underdevelopment diseases for omega and compare the levels. Then look into nature suppression research, something that might be comparable to the serums affects on his nature and go from there. Would be great if I had more than just Howard‘s word and some obviously questionable files from 70 years ago to get an idea of Steve‘s medical history.”
The omega hesitated,  that would cost him. The Winter soldier grabbed the top edged of the shield as he dropped down - rearing back with a metal fist and striking the blonde squarely in the face.
Hence, it went just as she had planned, approaching the quiet man and flattering his intelligence. It was clear Loki had never had a female set her sights on him. It was no surprise when the prince was seen faltering for a moment under her affection. Amora knew she had him then, such a love starved little thing turning to her light like the corrals open to the sun raise filtering down through the depths. Growing, reaching for the gold heavenly body in a dry arid world they would never know.
“You’re thinking to much, spangles.” Tony said bumping into his shoulder. “keep your eye on the prize, that cherry faced asshat got away once, we won’t let him do it again.” he said turning up his armored palm.
Tony leaned back in his rolling chair; they were in the workshop one evening with Peter gone out for Ice Cream with Bucky and Loki. That had been interesting to say the least. “Not really, what I want is to repulsor Nicky boy up his piss hole but that’s not going to do anything about all of this. Revenge only feels good for a few seconds and then it is just cold. Trust me I know. I think I am just done with it. I’m not saying he’s back on the Christmas card list- but I’m not actively trying to kill anyone. . Not anymore.”
“ You look thin, am I going to have to come to that fancy tower and make sure they feed you?” Kurt joked, his tail flicking nervously behind him. He truly had been worried for his friend.
There Cap stood tugging at the crotch of his suit as the ankle rode up his calves and the sleeves half up his forearm. Yeah he could not leave like this.
This was a nightmare…
Coulson realized Loki might need to be stopped when a group of Hydra tried to swarm the omega. What they got was a lot worse than just a pair of daggers. Loki seems to grow almost animalistic, his face twisting into a snarl and eyes turning blood red. A Cobalt blue color began creeping up his hands and neck. Spires of ice shoot from the tips of the daggers, impaling the hydra agents to the ground.
Loki shakes his head, “I can't, I just can't.”
James looked at the hand and into the mans serious dark eyes. He glanced over to Steve who had such a pleading look that it made old memories ache in his chest. Looking between Pepper, Tasha, and Bruce – all of their faces said the same. He feel it on his skin that sinking warmth like a blanket settling on his back. “Help..” Squeezing his eyes shut he reach out and grabbed the hand before him. “Help .. Me us. I don't. Ah shit,” The soldiers dropped his head and his shoulders shook.
Three months ago, he had given Tony his tags. It was a small gesture but the look on the billionaires face said it meant the world. Steve regretted that he was going to miss out once again, because tucked under his socks in the bedroom dresser, on his personal floor - was a box. Small black velvet, just big enough to fit in the palm of his hand.
“It takes a while Tony..” Steve rolled his eyes watching his alpha hover around the plastic test strip.  They had hoped get the good news from a home test. Regardless of the outcome the pair had chosen not share the news just yet. Steve worried it might not be a good time with things how they are in the tower with Bucky and Loki.
There's an indignant huff on the other end of the line. “Well hell I thought SHIELD was! You'd think a shadowy organization devoted to the protection of mankind would keep better tabs!”
That’s where he found the cash of Love songs, all so sappy and unrequited like a fourteen-year-old girl. Still it was somewhat adorable; Tony told Jarvis to shuffle and play and got back to work.
Potts threw her head back laughing. “I work for you, hell I baby-sit you! Sorry Tony try again.”
“Bruce will you give us a moment please.” Steve said from behind the two, now lying on his side to alleviate some of the pressure on his back.
“He’s not going to know.” Steve said flatly, as he accepted the cup. “I’m not a child or his property; he doesn’t need a status report.”
“Sweet, thanks platty pus that’s just really touching, but unlike a teenage girl with self-esteem issues. Telling me I look like crap won’t get you laid” Tony said tossing his glass and opting to drink straight from the bottle.
“Babe.” He said reaching across the bed to chapter his loves slender hand. “I wanna do this, I wanna look for a kid, if you want to.”
Clint propped his elbows on his knees and loosely hooked his fingers together in front of himself, watching Darien for a few moments before finally pushing himself up and crawling closer. He grabbed Darien by the chin and hissed in the other man's ear, "Only because I want to hear you moan for me like a little bitch." Darien had pretty well had the archer at his mercy a few moments ago, and Clint wasn't going to just let something like that slide. He shoved Darien's hands away and wrapped his own fingers around the other man's shaft, pumping slowly and watching his partner with wicked blue eyes.
"I'm sure we'll be just fine. Right?" she looked back at Fitz.
"They did in grad school, Tony. They were just admiring your work," Bruce responded before the two had to defend themselves again. Not that they seemed incapable of such, but without a decidedly thick skin, Tony was tiring. And they needed Fitz-Simmons not tired.
"That'd be good," Clint agreed. He caught himself thinking it'd be reassuring to be able to at least be on Coulson's couch if he woke up scared out of his mind again. //Well, that's a little weird.// Brushing the thought aside, he grinned a little. "If nothing else, I can just sneak in and hit your couch without waking you up again so you don't have to turn five shades of red when you realize you answered the door in your Captain America PJs." He knew it was a little mean. It was also vengeance for Phil laughing at him.
Logan shrugged, leaning back long enough for the waitress to put their food on the table. "Guess so. I can't help wonderin' if the me before I forgot everything had anyone. There was a woman's body in the wreckage at Three Mile. I remember starin' at her, thinkin' I oughta know who she was." He shook his head and frowned. "No idea, though. Couldn't find anything on 'er. Really, not sure I wanna know. I met Stryker before he died. Things he said... makes me unsure if I wanna know who I was before."
Natasha tensed at the sound of approaching footsteps, but it was obvious from the way Sif greeted the trio of men that they were the allies she had mentioned. The blond approached, sweeping Natasha's hand into his own and bending to kiss it. "Fandral, at your service, my lady."
Though the quiet laugh had driven a chill through him, Tony moaned at the thought, pressing his lips to Loki's chest. "It would be," he replied before he caught himself. It was reflexive, and that was almost a terrifying thought in an of itself. The idea that he had already given so much of himself to his captor was unnerving, but giving up some of that resistance made it that much easier to not think, to just feel. Shoving the worry aside, he kissed his way over to one of Loki's nipples, latching onto it as a third finger sank into maddeningly tight heat. Tony suckled at the nub in his mouth eagerly, his nearly jet-black gaze rising to Loki's face as he let his teeth lightly graze the flesh.
