“What made you finally give in?  Was it the way he kept asking?  Or how nice he’d been.”  Charlie questioned like a kid that had had too much sugar.  “Or his dreamy green eyes?”
Jo and Dean just looked at each other, neither of them were really sure what to say.  It was Jo who finally spoke after, “fine, fine, you caught us.  We were going to wait until after dinner but if you have to know Dean and I have been looking at each other all night because we are still trying to decide who should give you your gift.”
"Oh nothing." Jo said innocently. "Hey Dean, would you like to stop by a liquor store then go get matching tattoos?"
Sam took a long sip of his beer before walking over to Jessica. As soon as he was gone Jo took an over dramatic sigh. "God, I love that kid but sometimes I swear his crush on me will be the reason he never gets married."
This sent Jo and Ash into more shrieking laughter. "For someone who's suppose to be smart you're kind of a dumbass." Jo said wiping a tear from her eye.
“Ok, that came out wrong.  Maybe you understand what’s it’s like to be over protective but watching a loved one, such as a brother or sister, fall for someone you don’t like can be hard.  Hell I loathed Dean when he started dating you Cas, I didn’t think he was good enough.”
“I’ve got an interview.”  Sam said shrugging as if it wasn’t a big deal.  “With a rep from Stanford.”
“My apologies.” On the inside I was laughing and thinking whatever. “So, are you watching? Is the shark person doing the pink haired female like the pizza man did the babysitter?”
Without having Dean to answer for him Cas had a moment of truth within him and took a small sip of the beer.  As soon as he did he smiled and drank the whole thing in one long sip.  Dean was looking in shock at his boyfriend.
“Dean.”  Jo sighed.  “That sounds great but there is so much planning to go into this, I mean Ben’s at camp, my dad works, we’ll have to get a hotel and the price of airline tickets, and what about the auto shop?  Who’s going to watch that?”
“I’ve got some booze, I was saving it for a rainy day and was going to drink it yesterday but I couldn’t use it on my first day back.”  Jo said while getting the alcohol from her under her bed.  She blew on it to wipe off some of the dust.
“No.  It was before you met Castiel, the only reason I was so mad before was I thought you had cheated on my baby brother or something.  You didn’t know him yet so it’s fine, plus Jo is still smokin’ hot.”
Sam chose his words very carefully because he was pretty sure Dean never told her he was gay.  “He just got dumped, they’d been dating for almost five years.
Castiel nodded politely. "Yes well, I only have two questions. Well Joanna Beth I was wondering if after you and Dean...you know…" He lowered his voice on this last part and Jo cut him off.
“Because I need it.”  She then proceeded to knock on the window.  She had her mom voice on.  “Castiel Jimmy Novak you get your butt out of the car before I come in there myself!”
Dean's mind flashed to his son, Ben. Then if flashed to Jo's kiss, the one he wasn't suppose to like but kind of did. "No, not that I can think of." He lied knowing Cas didn't have a built in lie detector like Jo did.
The rest of the way to his house Dean drove under the speed limit.  He arrived at 12:50.  They were on their way to the airport by 12:53, Dean knew they were pushing it seeing as the airport was at least forty-five minutes away but he really didn’t care.
Ellen sighed and pulled away to get a good look at her daugther. "I know baby girl, I've missed you too. How's Ben?"
"Sammy was a chubby 12 year old, but you're not that kid anymore. You're Sam. Smart, tall Sam, that's the life of the party."
Jo sat up in her bed and leaned into her mother's shoulder. For about the twentieth time that day she lied. "Yeah, maybe you're right."
When Dean got to the door he saw Cas in his old beat up leather jacket and holding two helmets in his hands.
“How do stories like these start? It’s been said countless times, and believe me I’ve tried to count how many times it’s been said, that every story has a beginning, middle, and end. But why? Who decided that. It wasn’t God I know that much…”
“Aren’t you playful.”  Dean joked back.  He was really just hoping she wouldn’t say this stuff when Castiel got there.  “You don’t look too bad yourself.”  He added as an after thought.
Dean was shocked Gabriel wasn’t smiling like always. “I need to talk to him.”  Dean said very nervously.
Dean sighed and looked up at his fathers room before closing the door and following Cas to his bike.  He very reluctantly put the helmet on and sat on the back of the motorcycle.  “I swear to god Cas if you go faster than 70 mph I will kill you.”
Dean continued to push into Cas and Cas had his orgasm calling out Dean's name. Upon hearing this Dean started pushing harder and faster as he came himself. They rode out their orgasms long and hard together.
“Never said you didn’t.”  Castiel tossed Dean the helmet as he started backing up towards his motorcycle.  “Come on you big baby, let’s go!”
“Don’t tell me you and Castiel were watching a movie when I know damn well you two had sex last night!”
Sam rolled his eyes while giving Dean yet another bitchface. "You can't call Cas, it would only cause more trouble. If you wanna talk to Jo then i'm all you got." Dean was ignoring Sam because he was too busy on his phone, texting Cas.
“I don’t know Dean.”  His father was putting the suit back in his closet.  “I’m just...I’m nervous.  It’s been so long.”
“Gross.”  Dean moaned from the drivers side.  “Can you two maybe stop flirting and help me with Cas before he pukes again?”
“It’s ok.”  Dean smirked and took one hand off the steering wheel to pull Castiel closer to him.  He gently planted a kiss on his forehead.  “Castiel Jimmy Novak I love you and I’ll scream it from the tallest mountain if you want me to.”
"I was getting in too much trouble." Jo lied like she always did when someone asked her that question. She sighed of relief when she saw Sam and Dean finally coming out of the bathroom. She also smiled when she saw that they had went up to the counter and got their food.
“Awesome.” Jo walked over the drivers window and was about to knock when she asked, “does Castiel have a middle name?”
Jo snorted.  “Yeah, sorry about last time.  It was a very emotional time for all of us.  But it won’t happen again.  Anyway we’ll have one vanilla bean milkshake with two cherries and one chocolate milkshake with two cherries.”
"The point it you never stayed to see the kiss didn't happen." Dean lied, it happened, maybe more than once, with a few of the girls there, but he also knew the lie was what Jo needed at the moment.
“No but I really never am drinking again.”  Castiel took a slow bite of his pancake and practically moaned.  “My god Dean, why don’t you cook more?”
Dean shook his head, whether out of annoyance or something else I’m not sure. “No he shouldn’t be out in the ocean. Just watch the movie and you’ll find out. Plus, he fits perfectly in the movie. Just ask my 7 year old self.”
“Cas and I are going to hang out at his place.”  The doorbell rang just as he was saying that.  “And that’s probably him now.”
Dean eyes flashed red with anger.  “Are you saying you agree with my father?  Do you really think I’d run away like a scared little boy.”
I laughed at the thought of sneaking up behind Dean. He always wanted personal space, but ever since that first time I accidentally scared him, I’d been hooked. Sneaking up on him was the only way to greet Dean Winchester.
She smiled at the scent that could only be here mothers. It was sweet like flowers yet there was always the distance smell of booze on her. "Hi mom." She said while still hugging her. "I've missed you."
Dean sighed.  “I know you’re right but it’s hard...plus... I was... Cas thinks... I was his…”  He was stumbling for words.
I look over at the screen to see three children in a spaceship and I knew right then and there this movie was not for me. But I could see a joy and childlike innocence in Dean’s eyes as he watched, so naturally I sat down next to him to watch the movie.”
“Choose your words carefully Dean Winchester because if you hurt him those will be your last words.”
“I can see that.”  Ellen stood up and started for the door.  “I’ve gotta go to the restaurant for a little bit but Dean if you want to stay and cook up dinner be my guest.”
Dean sighed and closed the door, he really didn’t want Gabe  to hear this.  “Listen Cas, let me explain.”
Jo looked a little upset but didn’t object.  Castiel just huffed and tried to get the rest of the Holy Beer.  It took Dean longer than he’d wanted to get Cas in the car and Jo wasn’t any easier.  She kept pouting saying she could drive herself home, and she would have had Ash and Dean not took her keys.
Jo threw her hair up in a messy bun, kept the skinny jeans she had on from last night, and put on a red hoodie over tank top. She then went into the bathroom and actually
Dean rolled his eyes. "Ok Garth, she'll have six chicken fingers with ranch, blue cheese, and honey mustard. Onion rings instead of fries and a vanilla bean milkshake with no whip cream and two cherries."
Dean grabbed his face and winced in pain. “Never had someone react that way when I said I love you.” He mumbled as he tried to stretch his jaw, wondering if it was broken. Before he could ponder that question too long Castiel gently touched his face, using his grace to heal him.
She leaned against the Impala for about another ten minutes before Sam came out. When he walked over to the car he was in a very good mood, until he saw her shivering. Even though it was summer it got cold at night.
The whole ride to Castiel’s house his phone was buzzing like crazy.  He wanted to answer but was too scared.  He arrived at his front door in fifteen minutes and when he knocked he saw a rare sight.
Castiel took a minute to let this all soak in. After a minute he asked his next question, "Why did you leave Lawrance?"
"You always do this shit! You start to feel uncomfortable or insecure so you kiss your way out of it, or you go further!"
“Why do you care?”  Dean was shocked to hear Castiel’s voice, not Jo’s.  “Incase you forgot you’re dating
They kissed for a while and when Dean pulled away he saw disappointment in the shorter males eyes.  Dean was suddenly saddened looking at him.
"Like is an understatement." Jo smiled her best charming smile and asked Ash. "Want to set another beer on the table.
Dean pushed Castiel down and was thankful he had brought the table cloth. When they were both in comfortable positions Dean slowly pushed one finger inside of him. Since they had made love many times before he knew the exact ways to make Cas tick. He brushed his finger against his prostate which made Castiel shiver in ecstasy.
"Sam!" She yelled while jumping on his blue sheets. "Sam come on, you've gotta take me…" Before she could finish that sentence Sam pulled her down on top of him.
Dean let out a gruff laugh.  “Well now that you two have met let’s order dinner cause i’m starving!”
Dean was clinching and unclinching his fist, he was taking deep breaths and trying to stay calm.  “True, Ben may not know I am his father, if...no when I tell him I am his father, sure as hell will I be there for him.”
“And he kinds of has a thing for Sam and you kind of have a boyfriend.”  Castiel smirked.  “Sorry, not sorry.”
“You gave Cas a blow job last night, I can smell it on ya!  Brush your teeth, take a shower, do whatever to get that smell off of you, be down stair in five minutes!”
Jo had been silent up until this point but she couldn’t hold it in any longer, she burst out laughing.
"Really?" The blond perked up. "I thought after all this time you would have changed it up a little."
“I had a plan on how to get here, not how to meet Ben.  Sammy if you want to be a lawyer you have to listen for the details, look for the loopholes.”  Sam just started at Dean with a mix of shock and bitchiness.  “So let’s find a motel.”  Dean added with a smug grin on his face.
“Hush! It’s my turn to cut you off. Now please listen to my question.” A smirk danced across his face as I took better control of the conversation. “Same situation as before, same world, both hunters, but you could have a happily ever after. Do you think you would?”
Both Jo and Castiel looked at Dean in awe.  “I’ve never heard you talk so openly about your past Dean.”  Castiel said.  “Who’s Ben?”
The rest of May passed without much incident.  Gabriel forgave Dean for the trouble he had caused his little brother, he even started calling him Boy Toy again.  Their father apologized to everyone, although he didn’t mend things with Ellen (they broke up).  Bobby helped Dean find a replacement for Bela before he went back to the army.  Jo went back to Roadhouse and got a summer job there.  Sam finished off his junior year and the phone interview with Stanford went great (they wanted to give him a full ride).  Dean and Sam didn’t talk about their failed attempt to meet the kid, although Dean was still working up a plan.  And Dean managed to keep Castiel and Jo apart, well until the second week of June when Cas decided it was time to meet Jo (for the second time).  So Dean made plans for them all to meet at the Roadhouse, he was the first to arrive and was nervous as hell.
“Whatever, just talk to Sam.”  She didn’t give him time to say anything else because she practically ran into the house.
“That’s tempting.”  Dean winked.  “But right now let’s focus on getting you back to health for our dinner tonight.”
She gave Dean somewhat of a joking glare, “I’m asking Castiel, not you.”  She then cast softer eyes at the dark haired male.  “So Castiel, what do you think of the beer.”
“This is why you can’t tell him!”  Jo yelled.  “A father shouldn’t act this way!  You’re not tell him because you want to, you’re telling him to prove a point!”
Jo handed the boy his ice with a determined look on her face.  “Dean i’m tired and want a milkshake so i’ll make you a deal.  I’ll get Castiel out of your car then you’ll drive me to Fritz Railroad where you’ll buy me a milkshake, then you’ll drive me back to Roadhouse get Ash to give me my damn keys ‘cause you and I both know i’m not even a little buzzed.”
“Monday.  Cas, baby, I love you but if my dad hears me on the phone he’ll take it so I gotta go.  I’ll text you later.”
After a minute the youngest Novak found his voice as he whispered over to Dean.  “They...They’re kissing!”
“You know Jo still hasn’t gotten over it.  If you bring Cas chances are she’ll tell him what happened.  It’s better he hears it from you.”
“I...I...honestly don’t know what to say.”  Sam was besides himself.  “We are not doing anything illegal...but i’d kind of like to hear this plan.
The rest of the drive to Castiel’s house was awkwardly quiet, it was only like a ten minute drive but still, silence can be a killer.  Dean mostly texted people.
"I know. When I left I had to take all your shit with me. I walked three blocks with your heavy ass sleeping bag."
Jo rolled her eyes. "ASH! Don't become my mother. You know you're second in command, come on hire me?"
Garth smiled and walked away, Jo went to the car but Dean stayed behind to get the milkshakes and to ask the friendly waiter somthing.  “Hey Garth, what’s your kids name?”
Ash laughed. "Same old Jo. Look I told your mother I wouldn't give you a beer so i'm just going to set this down while we talk."
“Whaaa?!?!”  The sleepy man said groggily.  His eyes widen as he took in Jo’s appearance and saw the angry look on his boyfriends face.  “Not that my boyfriend and I should care but what did you do with my brother?”
Jo was so shocked by Castiel sticking up for her she didn’t know what to say.  So she simply did as he asked and gave him his coat.
The rest of dinner went by smoothly, Jo and Dean were too embarrassed to steal anymore glance at each other, and nobody made any references to the obvious bogus gift they’d given Bobby. Dessert, sadly, didn’t go remotely as well as dinner.  It all started when Dean decided it was time to talk about the kiss.  Obviously he couldn’t do it there so he came up with a lie to leave, he asked his father “can Jo and I leave, we have business to attend to.”
Dean was pulling onto the highway when a new question formed in his head.  “What’s happening first thing Tuesday?”
"Dean? You were saying?" Jo didn't like Castiel and wasn't in the mood to hear about how perfect he was.
Before she turned out of Fritz Railroad she grabbed her backpack from the back seat. She pulled out the bottle of whiskey she had in there and handed it to Dean. "Here drink this, it'll make you feel better."
"Chill out. He needs to destress from school. I can help him with that." Jo said while backing up towards the door.
Dean pulled over to the side of the road so he could focus on Sam, not the road.  “Just hear me out, we drive out there, I can meet Ben, you can meet your nephew, then we can drive back.  Quick and simple, Jo doesn’t have to know we went and Cas doesn’t need to know anything about tonight.”
Dean stretched and yawned for almost a whole minute before answering his brother.  “Chill out.  We can sleep in the Impala or get a motel for the night.  We’ll figure out how to meet Ben tomorrow.”
Castiel may not look like the strongest guy in the world but don’t let his looks deceive you, he is strong and he doesn’t like being carried.  Dean and Gabriel found that out the hard way.  The green eyed male was trying to lift Castiel’s head while Gabriel tried to lift his feet when he felt a sting in his left hand that caused him to almost drop his head in the puke.
“Look.”  Garth said very urgently.  “If you’re going to eat here you can’t cause another seen, understand.”
the good cloths. Her closet had the cloth that would get her free drinks. When she actually opened the closet her smile got even wider because inside were all her favorite brands. Forever 21, Victoria's Secret, and Hollister.
The blue eye angel looked up with vulnerability shown all over his face. “Dean, stop talking and let me pass.”
Jo pulled her hand away from Dean and stopped walking.  “You’re not telling him just because you’re mad at your dad!”
“I keep a lot of shit from you.  I don’t try to it’s just who I am.”  Dean said while pulling out of the driveway.
"You're gonna make me have a chick flick moment." Dean sighed. "Remember that time in seventh grade when we went to Meg's party?" Dean waited for a reply but Jo didn't answer so he continued. "Well it was suppose to be a girls only sleep over but you didn't want to go alone so you convinced Meg to let me come for some of it."
“Truthfully Cas I never really thought about it that hard. I mean you’re playing a what if game. I will never have a shot with Sharkboy, he’s a fictional character.”
"I said I had to go to the bathroom and ended up climbing out the window!" Jo laughed with tear stained cheeks.
“I’m saying you don’t know what it’s like to be a parent!  It’s a hell of a lot harder than you think!”
Jo winced at the nickname. Dean hadn't called her that in forever. "Yeah, it would have saved you a lot of heart break."
The cop looked down at his licence.  “Listen Dean, I can see you’re having a rough time.  How far are you from the house?”
When they arrived at the house Jo took the now cold pancakes and knocked on the door, a smiling Gabe answered the door.
Jo knew Sam wasn't trying to be mean but it was annoying her. "Look Sam, there are some things you don't know, and some things you wouldn't understand."
"That this wasn't some random girl you just meet. I needed to understand more about the relationship you two had before it happened."
“I’ve just met you but you seem pretty kickass.  I’d love to get to know you some more, maybe I could take you to get that milkshake.”
Dean let out a sigh as he paused the movie. “What don’t you understand. I mean really, it’s a movie for children, it shouldn’t be this hard to keep up.”
"And I didn't think you'd be dumb enough to believe forever was forever." Ash said laughing just as hard as Jo.
Dean bit his lip trying to think of a somewhat convincing lie.  “I’d love to but I can’t, I got in a little trouble at dinner last night.”
“YOU BETTER HAVE A GOOD ASS REASON BECAUSE I SWEAR TO GOD MY BROTHERS WILL MURDER YOU IF YOU DON’T.”
Jo laughed at her mother calling Dean sweetie pie and Dean laughed at the thought of Ellen thinking of her daughter as an after thought.
“So...ummmm baby brother I think you know this ray of Sunshine.  We were deciding to take things slow and eating pancakes when Sunshine spilled a little syrup on her lip.  I had to get it off and that’s what you walked in on.”
Jo used her willpower not to roll her eyes. Every time she saw her mother she only wanted to talk about Ben. "Oh he's great. Cute as button."
“I just, I don’t get how Sharkboy really fits into the movie. I mean he’s kind of a jerk with Max, and why is he even with Max in the first place. Shouldn’t he be out in the ocean looking for his father?”
“You had sex, I get it but from what it sounds like you and Jo were best friends.  Why have you never talked about her?”
Dean sighed.  “Jo I love ya like a sister but I swear some of the shit you say...it’s not going to fly with Cas.  Please be on your best behavior.”
“I’m sorry but this is what having a kid is like.”  Jo clasped her hands over her mouth as soon as she said it.  Dean’s eyes widened and he held his breath hoping Cas was too busy choking to hear her.
“Hello I’m Castiel Jimmy Novak although most people just me Castiel.”  He stuck out his hand and Jo took it.
Dean ended the argument the way he started it, by saying two words.  “Fuck you.”  He took John's hand and was out the door before he gave his father any time to respond.
“You gave me the right when you disrespected me, Jo, and your grandson.  You might be my father by blood, but if anything Bobby’s more of a dad to me.  Taught me more than you have.”
Jo looked at him with sad eyes. "He asks about his father a lot. He wants to know why I'm so young and why all the other kids in his class have dads."
I poofed out of the room as I zoned in on Sam’s soul, which was a hell of a later harder to find than Dean’s.
Dean laughed as he walked into the kitchen.  He grabbed two beers from fridge before he realized someone was staring at the back of his head.  He slowly turned around to see Jo in a stunning light blue dress.  Her hair was completely straight and laying neatly on her shoulders, and Dean couldn’t help but notice how beautiful she was.  He wanted to talk about the kiss with her but he did what he always did, he pushed his emotions down and ran from them like a scared little boy.
“Stop looking at me like I just had sex!”  Jo said annoyed.  She glared at Dean.  “We.  Didn’t.  Do.  Anything.  We kissed...a lot, but that’s besides the point.”
Sam had a slightly confused look on his face but followed the older girl even though the car was the other way.  It took them almost twenty minutes to find the car and when they did Dean was leaning on the passenger side door in what looked to be a heated argument.
“Charlie shut up, that’s not funny.  He’s loves Castiel and I wouldn’t try to do anything to ruin that.”  Jo said miserably.
“Damn.  Maybe next time Jo.”  He winked then as if magic pulled a piece of paper from behind his back with his number on it.  “Call me sometime.”
Dean sensed it got a little annoyed too. "I don't know." He said with an attitude. "It was after you were done being a dick. I got drunk and Jo took me to get the tattoo."
“What?”  Dean practically hissed.  “Jo and I have never got along!  She’s hated me since...like forever!”
"Wait. You can't just leave me! I can't go home for like another three hours, dad would ground me if he knew I ditched."
“‘I’m sorry you don’t get to see Ben more.’  Bull shit!  Here I am making an effort to be a part of his life but you don’t want that now?”
Jo was fazed by his words.  “I’m...back in your life?  I’ve wanted you to say that since Ben was born.”  Jo quickly realized what she said and wanted to crawl under the table from embarrassment.
"Wh...What?" Jo managed to cough out. As far as she knew Dean had only told her father about the incident because she was pregnant and they didn't know what to do.
Before her mother could protest Jo was already jogging upstairs told her room. Truthfully the reason she only brought her bookbag with basically no clothes was she hated what she wore at her fathers home. She missed being able to wear miniskirts and tank tops and honestly just wearing some what slutty clothe. She had to dress professional, like a mother, and much older than she really was, she had to apply makeup to look older too so one would judge her too harshly where she lived with her dad. She left Lawrence because she didn't want to be judged, people thought it was because she got in trouble but her mother would never send her away. Although she loved Ben with all her heart there was a small part of her that hated him, there was a small part of her that also hated Dean, but she didn't want to think about that, so she didn't. Instead she thought about the booze she didn't have anymore because somebody (cough cough Dean) had drunk it all. Since she couldn't be reckless with her dad, she decided to be reckless now.
As soon as they parked Jo hopped out of the car. She had closed the door and walked about twenty steps before she realized Sam wasn't next to her. She turned around to see he was still sitting in the car, so she went back to it.
The rest of dinner was fulled of light hearted conversation.  Castiel did most of the talking though because he was a light weight and got drunk rather easily, which neither Jo nor Dean knew.
Castiel slowly got out of the car, he started towards his house when Jo stopped him.  “Castiel Jimmy Novak I said to apologize!”
“Woah there Cas I think you’ve had enough.”  Dean said when he went to take a seventh cup of what they had started calling The Holy Beer.
The green eyed hunter laughed at this as he continued to play with his jaw even though he knew it was fixed now. “Yeah, maybe Cas, but I meant what I said. I love you.”
John’s gaze softened.  “Dean I love you and your brother.  I know I can be a bit of a hard ass sometimes but you gotta understand I have these strict rules for a reason.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.  I wish I had my own story to relate to but besides from having a deadbeat father who ran out on us after I was born I haven’t lost anyone.”  Castiel said as he poured himself some of the Holy Beer.
“Then sleep when we get there.”  Dean said as he dragged Cas to the door.  “Oh hey, Joey, if I leave my keys here can you stop by Roadhouse and get my car.”
Dean pulled over to the side of the road because this was something he needed to say looking here in the eye. "Joey, do you really think my life would be better without you?"
Deans heart started pumping, Jo looked fantastic and he’d be lying if he didn’t say so.  This was wrong though, and he knew it, he shouldn’t be feeling or looking at Jo that way, he was with Cas, and happy.
"I'm sorry." Castiel sighed. "I don't want to fight. Yesterday was terrible and everything got out of hand, and I don't want today to be the same. I just...I don't like the thought of you with
Jo tried not to think of the possibility that Dean and Anna would go to lunch and fall for each other again. "Um, yeah that would be fun." She lied again.
look at Sam as anything other than a brother but she knew he was close enough to hear and she wanted to give him a boost.
Thanks to everyone who took the time to read this chapter!  Feedback (good or bad) is always welcomed, I really hopped you enjoyed this chapter, and those of you who continue to read shall be meeting Jo next chapter!
"They're all at school…" Sam suddenly stopped, he was thinking of last night and of Jessica. "Fine. You go, i'll see you at home." He pulled out his phone to call Jess.
The blue eye angel heard the words that he’d longed to hear for so long just as his fist connected with the hunters face.
I hummed thoughtfully in thought as he unpaused the movie. Dean was very open about who he was but I’d never thought about who his first crush might have been. Knowing it was on a fictional character trying to find his dad seemed very fitting, so I guess it didn’t really surprise me, but it did make me wonder…
.  Not Jo.”  That may have been a lie, but if he loved her it was a different love, or at least he thought it was.  Dean Winchester was confused with his feeling.  “Honestly I was a little buzzed last night, that Holy Beer isn’t something to mess around with.  If I was overly sharing stuff that’s why.”  Another lie, he just hoped Castiel wouldn’t be able to tell.
the leftover makeup off her face. Ten minutes later she bounced downstairs to see Dean talking to her mother, she only caught the tail end of the conversation.
Jo moved in to close the gap between them. Before she realized what she was doing she had her lips on Dean's lips. It was a soft, quick, sweet, kiss but lasted only a minute before Dean pulled away.
There was a loud silence on the other end and Dean thought he hang up, until he heard a loud sigh.  “Dean I’m sorry about what I said.  Things got out of hand.  I’m not saying I forgive you and I’m not saying I want to get back together but I atleast want to meet the girl.”
"Listen you piece of shit!" Jo was angry. "Nobody calls me Joanna Beth and nobody treats my best friend that way! I don't give a fuck if he never told you about me! We slept together, it changed a hell of a lot between! It was my fault he wanted to forget, he doesn't talk about me with anyone!"
When they reached the living room Dean stopped dead in his tracks causing the unsteady Castiel to topple over.
“You really think that’ll work...they’re aren’t dumb.  And neither is Jo, if we go missing for three or four days she’ll know exactly where we went and what we’re doing.”
“Well then let me convince you.  So even before you said you were missing Ben I was thinking that we could go on a week trip up there.  And if a week is too long we can take a weekend trip.” Dean was talking very fast trying to get all his points across.  “And I know I haven’t told Castiel but I think telling his brother was a pretty ballsy thing and I do plan on telling him...I just need to find the right words.”
Garth tried to give them a glare but he really didn’t have mean bone in his body so he just walked away with their order.
Dean ran a hand through his hair and took a deep breath.  He’d been trying to figure out what to say for a while and had thought he found the perfect words but at that moment he too nervous to remember them.  “Well...um...I’ve been thinking lately and I was hoping that maybe I could meet Ben.”  He quickly added, “because I want to meet him, not because of any comment anyone made.”
Damn it was all she could think. Taking care of Ben had made her forget how to sneak out. She decided lying would be the best option. "Got restless. Gonna take a walk."
"Yesterday." Dean answered before trying to lock lips with Cas again, but Castiel moved back away from him.
It was just after midnight when Jo walked into John's house supporting Dean while he tried to walk straight. Jo was thankful that John was in the kitchen and was able to replace her for keeping Dean standing.
Castiel would not stop complaining.  “Dean stop walking so fast!  Dean the sun is too bright!  Dean my head hurts.”
The smile that split across his face looked almost painful. “Then spend your last night on Earth with me? Hell, it doesn’t even have to be sex, just...stay with me."
They sat in silence for about fifteen minutes before the blond perked up.  “I’m starving!  Is Fritz Railroad still open?!?!?!”
Dean gave him one more kiss on the forehead before walking out to the impala. As he did he turned back to Cas and yell "I love you and will forever. Please don't ever change."
Jo cut her off before she could go on. "So now you're grandson is odd?" She was very defensive over her son.
Sam grabbed the phone from his brother and started apologizing.  “I don’t know what happened but I’m sorry.  Dean is still very upset over what happen, he’s not in any state to fight, I’m sorry again.  He won’t call you again.”  He didn’t even give Micheal (at least he assumed it was Michael) the chance to answer.  He hung up too fast.
“Great to see you have that same sense of humor.  I’ll be right back, i’m gonna get a beer, you want one.”
His father looked down trying not to show how upset he was.  “It’s just after Mary...I...I never thought…”
Dean waved him off.  “I was fourteen and my mom had just died.  It was a bad time, anyway because of that the home they put Sam in wouldn’t allow me in so I had to go to a different home about an hour away from him.  I know that’s different from you and Ben but I can understand you being moody for missing him, I was only away from Sam for like a week but man did I miss him like hell.”
He managed to get his feet of his brothers grasped and kick him in the stomach, hard.  Dean only took his focus off of Cas for a second but that was all the dark hair guy needed.  Since Castiel was still lying down in the back of the Impala he was right about head level with his boyfriend's groin.  Dean found this out the painful when he was headbutted there, he crumpled to the ground in the same manner Gabriel had.  By this time the vomit had been spread all over the back seat and it got spread around the rest of the car when Castiel moved into the front seat to lock out the two other boys.
Jo high fived Castiel.  “Dude if you’re going to make jokes like that we’re going to be great friends.”  Jo said while laughing.
Dean shot Jo a look and kicked her under the table.  In return she stuck her middle finger up at him.
Dean and Jo got in the car and started listening to 97.5 Classic Rock music. Halfway to the diner a commercial came on so Dean turned down the radio.
Castiel returned his smile and stalked up to the taller man. His hands cupped his face as he brought him in closer and kissed the hunter. When they finally broke so Dean could catch his breath his angel smiled and replied “as you wish.”
"Yeah." Sam thought it would a good idea to stop with his questions. "We'll be there in about five minutes."
“You’re right Dean-o it can’t.”  Jo said playfully while standing up.  “I’m gonna get a beer you want one Cas?”
"No you're not. You're stubborn, and don't always listen but you could never be a horrible person. What would make you think you such a thing?"
“Ok, but if you’re gonna play the what if game you have to do it from the other side too.  What if you meet the kid and find out he’s Luke Skywalker awesome.”
The next morning Jo woke up to the smell of pancakes and bacon, it was one of the few times she got up before ten am.  When she finally got downstairs she saw her mother and Dean chatting and laughing, she couldn’t help but smile when Dean’s face lite up when he realized she was awake.
Ash laughed when he heard this. "You have a lot of favorites. Anyway I gotta get back to work, come say goodbye before you leave."
Jo jumped as she was not expecting her friend to call her, before she could even say hello there was playful yelling on the other end.
Dean sighed.  “I’m sorry Sam,  I don’t want you to feel that way,  it’s just I have to choose between being a father or keeping Cas.”
Castiel took Dean’s hand and was rubbing soothing circle on the back of his palm.  “You can always come with me.  I don’t have to live in a dorm, we can find an apartment.”  He said this with hope although he knew that that idea could never work.
They laid together together for what felt like hours until Dean's phone rang. "What Sam?" He asked somewhat annoyed now that the peacefully silence was broken.
"Grow a pair and go talk to her." Jo said only half joking. She thought Sam's crush on her was cute, at times. However when there were pretty girls all over clearly hoping for Sam to talk to them it pissed her the hell off that he wouldn't.
Jo looked to the door, and again for the second time in about five minutes was surprised to find the youngest Winchester wasn't behind her. "No, that's just Sam, he drove me." She said while waving Sam over to them.
Ten minutes later they were in Joe's car and heading for Fritz Railroad, they made great time.  They got there in like twenty minutes, that may have been because Dean was speeding.  He really wanted to talk to Jo about something.
Her lips were slightly puffy and had a lot of color to them, it was clear she and Gabriel had been kissing.  That alone was enough to make Dean steam from his ears but her hair was all over the place and her clothe were a whole another story.  They were winked like when he and Cas did it.
"Nope, just like my cars I like my meals to be a classic." Dean stood up. "I'll be back. Gotta take a leak."
“I’ve gotta take her by the shop.  She’s thinking about applying for that open auto mechanic job.”  Dean lied.
“No, just listen Cas...I…” that was as far as he got before Castiel turned the tables and pushed him against the wall.
Dean looked at him and gave his father one of Sam’s bitch faces.  “If you’re going to dinner and movie why would you want to wear a suit?”
Jo smiled and ran up stair. Although she hadn't been in that house in almost five years she still knew where everything was. She ran into the last room on the right without even knocking. When she saw that Sam was asleep on his bed she decided it would be fun to jump on it wake him up.
Dean’s whole world stopped as processed what the angel was saying. He didn’t hate him for jacking off to him, no, in fact, he was mad because he’d tried to sleep with Jo instead of him. Before he really knew what he was doing Dean had walked over to his angel with determination and once again pushed his angel up against the wall.
Castiel turned away. He couldn't face Dean's beautiful green eyes. "I had to meet her. I needed to hear it from her to."
“Don’t get mad at him.”  Everybody stared stunned at the older Novak who they hadn’t realized was there.  “He’s right, and please don’t misunderstand me but you and Jo can’t understand that over protective feeling.”
The hunter laughed and rolled his eyes, “god are you or Sam ever gonna let me live that one down. It just slipped out.”
“This I gotta see.”  Castiel said getting out of bed slowly.  With each step he winced.  “The pounding is so intense in my head!  It’s like drumming that won’t stop!”
“Well Sam, Cas, and I were planning on picking Joey Up from the airport but Sam made the observation that she was still butt hurt over the night and wouldn’t be able to keep her mouth shut about it.  Sam thought to avoid a fight I should tell Cas about our night together.  I did and he got…”
Dean couldn’t deal with this so he decided it was time to leave.  “Ummmm...So I have to start the food so we’re just going to leave.”
"You and I both know that's a lie. Now I suggest you back upstairs, change into some pj's and go to sleep."
The blonde ignored him.  “Not that you should care but you can ask my mom, she was pissed because I didn’t have a helmet.”
“She was crazy!  Her mom was crazy!  That whole family was crazy!  Look I don’t know what your plan is but I don’t want to be a part of it.”
When Castiel tasted the first drop of pre-cum he pulled off of Dean making him whine in protest. "Castiel what are you doing?"
“Truthfully?  Like three years, you know how my mom can be.  I had more but I drank them on previous visits.”
Sam and Jo had polite, or as close as you can get to polite with Jo, conversation. After about ten minutes Sam decided he should go check on Dean. He wanted to make sure Dean wasn't in there panicking about winning Cas back.
“I’m trying to get home.  My brother and I need to get someone from the airport.  He’s at the house, I was going to let him drive when I got there.”
“Well we were fighting about Jo.  We were young and it was before I met Cas but Jo and I got drunk and had a one night stand.  He was angry because I told him he was my first...which is kind of true...I was drunk and barely remember it.” Dean paused waiting to see if Gabriel was going to say anything, when he didn’t he kept talking. “It was both of our first time and we were honestly so young that we were too dumb to use protection, Jo got pregnant and went to live with her father and raise the kid.  You’re the first person, besides our parents, that i’ve ever willingly told.  Please Gabriel, I know you’re probably angry but don’t tell Castiel.  I want to tell him but i’m not ready yet, it needs to be done just right.”
“Save it.”  Jo turned her back to him and went upstairs.  At the top she yelled down so all three boys could hear her, “and don’t any of you come checking on me asking all those bull shit questions ‘are you ok?’ I’m fine, I’ll be down when the others start to get here.”  As an after thought she added, “except maybe Castiel...you know what yeah Castiel!  Come upstairs!”  Because he had stuck up for her.
Jo wasn't in the mood for any joking. She was still pretty tired. "Shut up Dean. What are you doing here anyway?"
"I can feel myself becoming reckless, I can feel myself wanting that part of mylife back. Cas liked to play tough guy with his motorcycle but that was all it was, an act. I liked him because he kept me grounded and now that you're back and he's gone I can feel myself becoming
“You lied to me.  You told me I was your first.  You never told me about your former best friend.  We’ve been dating for almost five years!  You were literally my first everything!  My first kiss, my first more than friend, my first lover, my first love!  And you lied to me.”  It was clear the younger male was hurt.
“You know I’d love to do that but I can’t.  Now that Bobby’s gone again someone needs to take care of the auto shop.”  Dean pressed his lips to the shorter males.  “I just...I love you so much and I’m going to miss you.”
“Not high, we were really young when he moved out here.  I think I was six, if that so i’d say if we just choose fake names we’d be fine.  I call Colin Burgess!”
“You say that now but as soon as that boy starts annoying you you’ll be runnin’ like the scared little boy you are.”
When the youngest Winchester heard this he quickly woke up fully. His face was red as a tomato as he apologized many times. Jo was laughing on the inside, she found it adorable that Sam had a crush on her. She loved Sam, but like a little brother, she loved Dean too but not like a brother…
“Damn it Castiel!  I heard you the first fifty times!  We’ll be at her house in ten damn minutes then you can sleep and stop annoying me!”  The green eyed man hadn’t meant to get so angry with the love of his life but seeing Jo in that dress, then seeing that kiss had just put him in a bad mood.
“Not really.  I’m like a sperm donor because I haven’t meet the kid yet.”  He said trying to guilt Jo.
Thank you so much for reading, and sorry for the extra late update, I just got super busy.  Thanks again for reading and feel free to leave a comment, I love hearing from you guys, it makes my day!
“I can’t do this.  I can’t be with someone who kept something like this from me.  I think...I think we need to break up.”
Dean saw this and felt his blood boiling, it took every ounce of power he had not to push the older Novak against the wall.  He suddenly understood why Gabriel had been so angry with him when he and Cas had broken up.  “Listen,” he growled in a low tone so Jo couldn’t hear, “if you hurt her, or doing anything she doesn’t want it will be the end of you.”
“Don’t Cas me.” The icy tones in his voice only made the hunter’s heart ache. “Dean. I’ve rebelled for you because I believed in you, I still do. So I just thought…” his voice got quiet and for the first time since they’d began to argue he didn’t sound angry just hurt, maybe even a little devastated Dean thought.
“Yes and I wouldn’t want my Dean-o to get jealous of me texting another guy.”  She said sarcastically while smirking.  As an after thought she added, “your car smells like really bad.”
She smirked thinking of all the possibilities, maybe they could get matching tattoo's. She was excited, until she remembered the message from her mother.
“Exactly Cas!” Dean shouted as he pushed him into the wall again. “We all know we’re going to die, so why the hell are reminding everyone. God, one minute you’re drinking and having a jolly old time with Jo and Ellen and the next you’re sulking around. What’s wrong with you?”
Jo sighed a sigh of relief, he didn't know Ben was his nephew, he only knew they slept together. "Yeah, that's part of it but...it doesn't matter. Are we almost there yet?"
“Great.”  Dean said over dramatically while trying to hide his smirk.  “The two people who love teasing me the most, well besides Sam, together.  This can’t end well for me.”
So that’s what they did, and they slept well into the early afternoon.  The only reason Dean even woke up was he heard Cas’s ringtone.
For the first time since she’d walked in Dean took a real hard look at her.  Sure he’d looked at her before but that was only to take in her wrinkled cloth, messy hair, and swollen lips.  Now that he actually looked at her he noticed she didn’t have on that stunning blue dress.  Instead she had on an AC/DC t-shirt, oversized pants, and a trench coat.  He recognized the shirt because he’d left it Cas’s a while back and the trench coat because it was one of Castiel’s favorite article of clothing.  The pants where a whole another story, so that’s where he decided to start.  In the heat of the moment nobody had noticed Gabriel walked in.
"Yeah, but...you kept something huge from me." Castiel was trying to stay firm but he couldn't stop looking at Dean's lips.
“He’d be crazy not to.”  Why was Dean feeling jealous?  He really shouldn’t have been, he was happily with Cas.
"You didn't ruin my life. You didn't ruin John's life. You didn't ruin your life. You haven't ruined anyone's life."
"Anti-possession tattoo." Dean was barely paying attention to what he was saying, he only had two things on his mind, lust and love.
Jo and Dean were halfway to the door when Jo stopped in her tracks.  “Wait, Gabriel will be there too, right?”
“The one we’re going to go upstairs and get right now.”  Jo answered while standing up and walking to the stairs, Dean was right behind her.
“Cas would you shut up. I’m trying to watch this masterpiece movie.” Dean looked over with a small smirk on his face.
Sam looked at his older brother with disgust.  “No!  Dads basically dating her mom!  He’s not going to want to hear about how you banged his girlfriends daughter!”
“You were right this morning.  You’re more trouble than you’re worth.”  It appeared to Jo that Dean was going to leave but she was surprised when he stormed over, closer to her.  “And you know what, you’re a damn hypocrite!”
That was all Dean needed to hear. His hands were around Castiel's waist and they kissing just as passionate as ever. Castiel's hands were gripping onto Dean's shoulder very tightly, both their tongues were fighting for dominance. In the end it was Castiel that won. When Cas had gotten Dean's shirt off he froze and looked confused at the tattoo that hadn't been there before.
“Dean…”  Before the youngest Winchester could go any further Dean had his hands in Sam’s jacket looking for his phone.  It didn’t take him long to find it.
Very slowly Gabriel moved out the way and let Dean in.  Dean knew the way so he walked up the stairs and to the left, into Castiel’s room.
"Right...um... anyway when I found out you were pregnant I couldn't deal with it. I changed, a lot, especially after you left. Then whenever you would come to visit I would try to stay away from you, hell I was planning on doing that this summer."
“Castiel. Man, I’m so sorry. It’s not like...I mean it only happened once or twice and I was just trying to get off quick.”
"And that's a bad thing?" Jo asked leaning closer, Dean was so deep in thought he didn't even notice.
“Yeah.”  Gabriel said as if it was obvious.  “Everyone gets a nickname.  You’re boy toy and Jo’s hair is bright like the sun and she lights up my day so she’s Sunshine.”
Jo started to say “Dean” before he walked away. She was feeling lousy for kissing Dean and she wanted to fix it but didn’t know how because like always Dean didn’t want to talk about his feelings.  So instead she went into the living room where everyone was sitting and talking while dinner finished cooking.  For the most part pre-dinner conversation was pretty light hearted, there was a lot of joking around.  Dean would steal looks at Jo, and Jo would steal looks at Dean.  Everybody noticed their not so settle glances at each other (except Dean and Jo of course) but no one brought it up until dinner was ready.
“Sorry.”  Dean said breaking up the love feast between the two.  “I would love to hand Jo off to you but we have business to talk about.”
They arrived at Fritz Railroad slightly after three thirty, being as it was a Tuesday there weren't a lot of people so they were seated right away. A waiter came over very fast with menus.
Jo knew he wasn’t trying to be mean so she pretend like his frankness didn’t bother her, although it did a little.  “Well since we both weren’t our usually charming self what do you say we forget that day.  This can be our first meeting.”
When Dean heard this he let out a short sarcastic laugh.  “This is my baby, Sam’s just driving it for now.”
Dean was quiet for a while just looking out the window.  When he answered his brother he was practically whispering.  “Me too Sammy, me too.”
"Ok mom." Jo said changing the subject. "If Dean and I want to make breakfast, not lunch, we really must leave now."
Castiel pulled Dean's shirt off revealing his chiseled torso, he trailed his fingers across the lines of his abs and then trailed down to take off Dean's pants. Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel and kissed his neck making small lovebites on Cas's smooth neck. Raw moans escaped Cas's mouth and he threw his head back in ecstasy. Dean held onto Cas's hips and pulled him closer looking at him with lustful eyes. They both removed the remaining of their clothes, Castiel pushed Dean against the wall and slid his way down to his pulsing erection.
Before he got a chance to answer Jo spoke, but Dean could tell from the look in his boyfriends eyes he understood.
“What’s wrong with me?!?!” The angel said barely raising his voice but nonetheless sending a shiver down Dean’s back as he heard the steel and anger in his voice. “How dare you ask what’s wrong with me. As if you have no idea?
Jo looked at the bookbag she had thrown in the corner and frowned. She then looked at her closet and smiled, her closet had
“I think you know the answer from what you just saw.”  Dean said while getting in the car and beckoning for him to do the same.
I hope you guys are enjoying the story so far.  What do you guys thing of Jo, is she awesome, annoying, both, I love hearing from you guys so feel free to leave a comment.  Also  if you ever want to get in contact with me but don't want to leave a comment (be it about the story or just life) my tumblr is Deanthedemonsblog i'm usually free to talk so just shot me a message there.
Hi guys, before you read this chapter you should know this chapter contains a little smut, it's the only chapter that does.
It was at that moment that Dean saw the mother of his child struggling to come up with more lies to cover for him that he decided enough was enough.  “Jo, no.  Listen Gabe, did Cas ever tell you what we were arguing about?”
“I definitely will.”  Jo smiled then surprised both herself and him by pulling him into a hug.  “Thank you, you don’t understand how good it feels not to be judged.”
Dean laughed at the thought of making his brother uncomfortable.  He lived for Sam’s reactions.  He also laughed because he didn’t have to see Castiel’s face to know he was blushing.
“Yeah but Ash loves me and incase you haven’t noticed he doesn’t really card people. So you want a beer or what?”
“You’re not the one who has to take him home and get him into bed without his brothers killing you.”
Dean picked up Sam and they headed over to the diner that Dean had wanted to take Jo to. He didn't talk the whole time which pissed Sam off because he could be in science reviewing for his final at the moment. When they ordered and the food arrived Dean still hadn't said anything, Sam knew he had to say something.
“Ok well Ellen’s daughter is coming back to town today.”  John was too busy smirking when he said Ellen’s name to see his son roll his eyes.
“You got drunk.  Punched Gabe in the stomach, head butted me. You know you’re a lot stronger than you look.”
I didn’t get to see his reaction but I could hear the younger Winchester trying to figure out what the hell that had been about. That made me chuckle as I popped back in on Dean.
He was picking up his second beer and looking directly at Dean as he looked at Jo again.  Since he was being shipped out in a few days he wanted to know what was going on between them so he asked the question on everybody’s mind.  “What the hell is going on between you two?”
“Okay but I don’t think you fully understand my question.” I paused trying to figure out how to word it. “If you dated a human Sharkboy in this world. Everything staying basically the same, you’re still a hunter, and he knows about the supernatural, maybe he’s a hunter too, would you two have a happily ever after?”
She was cut off by Garth coming over with a stupid little grin on his face.  “And here are your milkshakes.  Enjoy.”
“No.”  Dean glared at both of them.  “I’m putting Cas in bed and praying his brothers don’t kick my ass and you’re staying in the Impala.”
Bobby, Ellen, Sam, and Jo were looking wide eyed back at forth from son, to.  They all wanted to know who would get the last word, in the end it was Dean.
It was John’s turn to speak now.  “Yeah and you were up and out of the house pretty early for someone who was so drunk the night before.”
"Whatever. I'm kind of tired so I think I'm going to go to sleep. I'll leave the pictures on the table."
"I call bull shit. First you start complaining about Jo then you pick me up. What the hell is going on with you and Jo."
“Cas I don’t know what you want me to say.  I didn’t know you yet.  She was getting ready to move, it was her goodbye party, someone brought booze, I got drunk.  She got drunk.  I didn’t know I was bi yet, and we were drunk!”
"Ok, well it's been great seeing you again. We should meet for lunch one day. Maybe Dean could come too."
The older Winchester brother again cut me off, I was getting a little tired of that but it meant I got to hear his voice so I let it slide. “Yes, Sharkboy was my first male crush. Although at the time I didn’t know I was crushing on him.”
Dean suddenly felt like he couldn’t breath.  It took him several shocked minutes before he could respond.  “What...what... do you mean?”
“Sorry.”  She sat down on the bed next to him.  “It’s just I really like your brother but I love Dean, like a brother of course, and I just...I don’t know…”  The blonde got quiet and stopped talking.
Sam looked over to the bar and his eyes got wider. He smiled and waved. He then looked back to Jo and Ash and said "I know that girl. Her name's Jess, she's two years older than me." Sam was nervous because he started asking stupid questions. "Do you not card anyone, I mean almost no one in here should be legal."
The blonde shot him a death glare.  Her words were full of venom.  “Why?  Is it because we use it come here?  Are you ashamed?”
Since they’d been in such a rush they forgot their helmets.  Dean hopped of the motorcycle and gave Cas a peck on the check before running inside.  “I’ll text you later if I still have my phone.  Bye, I love you Castiel Jimmy Novak!”
“Are you sure about that?  Because don’t think for one second I’m above driving all night to tell him, I don’t care if you’re there.”  Dean said seriously.
I nod and stay silent as he starts the movie again. I count the freckles on his face again, to try to keep myself occupied until I can leave.
What should have been a twenty minute drive only took about ten minutes because Cas drove way over the speed limit.  Dean could be reckless at times but there was no denying Cas was the worst driver he’d had ever seen.  “Cas you really need to slow down when you drive.”
Dean sighed.  “I’m sorry dad.  We feel asleep after...we didn't realize how late it was until we woke up.”
“I ain’t disrespecting no grandson, you may’ve given’ the sperm but you ain’t that boy’s daddy.  The kid don’t even know who you are.”
Jo looked at him with a challenging look “you and Castiel are back together, right?”  She didn’t wait for him to answer.  “I know you are, I was with Sam and heard.  If you tell Cas about Ben then I’ll allow you to tell him.”
Dean finally gave up on trying to be settle and just told her the truth.  “Joey, i’ve been texting Gabe and he’s not decent.  I don’t know about you but i’d rather not see him naked,  might ruin my appetite.  So can we just stop by the store now so the guy has time to change.”
“Done!”  Jo piped up from the back seat.  “Hello Castiel, as much as I hate to say it I am the scapegoat, I am the home wrecker, I am the bitch, I am Joanna Beth Harvelle, although most people just call me Jo.  I’d love to meet the guy Dean’s been ballin’ over, we’re heading to the Fritz Railroad in Kansas City right now if you’d like to join us.”
They headed downstairs where everyone at the dinner table seemed surprised to see they actually had a gift.
“And maybe Lucifer is a pretty cool guy.”  Dean said sarcastically.  “Castiel is going to dump my ass...unless Sam…”
"I don't know I guess because you were always more Dean's friend. I was just geeky little Sammy that tagged along."
“Arg.” He paused the movie again and over dramatically rolled his neck over to look at me. “You know I’m trying to finish this movie before Sam gets back. Do you think we can do that?”
Dean had no choice but to hold onto Castiel tight as he pulled out of the driveway, going much more than 70 mph.
Dean nodded and headed into the bathroom.  He knew his father was annoyed because he never made any comments about his sexual relationships.  Dean brushed his teeth and used about half the mouth wash until he thought his breath smelled ok enough.  He made it down stairs with a minute to spare.His father didn’t see him enter the kitchen so he coughed to make John look up.
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that.  Besides i’m just being sentimental over stupid crap, it doesn’t matter.”
“You’ve had some pretty bad plans but that is the worst hands downs.”  Sam said while giving Dean another bitch face.  “William didn’t like you before you slept with Jo, he certainly won’t like you now that you’ve knocked up his daughter.”
“That’s part of it but she’ll be down here all summer.  I’m not saying you need to spend every minute with her but if you want to keep the car you’re going to have to keep her out of trouble.”
When Dean saw Castiel wince he instantly felt bad and knew he had to apologize.  He took a long sigh, “sorry Cas, I didn’t…”
“I don’t know what the fuck is going on but if you hurt my little brother it will be the death of you!”  Gabriel growled at him.
She tried to ignore the rest of the messages she got from her mom but it was hard because Sam started asking question.
Jo rolled her eyes she knew Castiel was trying to help but she needed to talk to Charlie about this, guys just don’t understand some girls.  “Do you want to go downstairs.”
Dean narrowed his eyes at the blond, he was trying not to smirk. "I order for you, you order for me?"
"Incase you haven't noticed he has a huge crush on you and will do practically anything you ask him too. Plus he's still in high school."
"He doesn't like nicknames." Jo said before she could think. This earned her a glare from both Sam and Dean, Cas merely smirked.
Hello my lovely's, i'm sorry this chapter was not posted yesterday.  I put off my school work until now and I have a lot of it to do my Monday and that's why I didn't update yesterday.  Anyway if you guys want to leave a kudo(s) feel free to, also I love to hear from you guys so if you want to leave a comment/review that would be awesome.  Have a great Saturday and DFTBA (don't forget to be awesome)!
Dean decided not to answer, he just went into the bathroom to change into the suit.  When he was done Sam did the same.  It wasn’t until they left the motel that they realized they didn’t know exactly where William Harvelle lived.  The two Winchester booked for a while about what to do before they decided that it might be best to just head home and come up with a better plan, truthfully Dean had just come to his senses and realized he wasn’t ready to meet his son.
Dean sat for what felt like hours, but in reality was only forty five minutes, before he finally heard footsteps coming down stairs.
to come check on her, poor Castiel sitting on her bed looking so confused and out of his comfort zone.  She hadn’t meant to get so angry, but who was Dean to give her the third degree?  And who was Gabriel to defend him?  They weren’t dating or anything but...he’d seemed so perfect.  She should have known it was too good to be true, as much as she hated to say it Gabriel seemed to be doing “bros before hos.”  For lack of a better word, Jo was in no means a ho.  But whatever, if they wanted to try and rule her life she’d show them.
“First of all, those are kids, kiddy porn is a no-no. Second of all, you do know there is more to me than just burgers, pie, porn, and hunting right?”
Dean arrived at the warehouse at 12:25, he was very anxious because he wanted to win Castiel back so bad. He had stopped by the supermarket to get a table cloth, peanut butter sandwiches, and cherry pie. When he arrived Cas wasn't there yet which was good because it gave him time to try and remake their first date. He was just about done when he heard footsteps behind him.
Hello my friends.  I am so very sorry for not posting in a long time, I just finished writing this story and it's all on fanfiction.net.  But now I am going to post it here, so you can expect updates every Friday.  Thank you guys for reading, and feel free to leave comments/reviews/kudos, I really love hearing from you guys!
“It’s just...he was your first boy crush. So didn’t you kind of put him on some sort of pedestal? I mean there was something about him that made you see you could like the same sex. There was something so special about him that it broke the social norm that little boys like little girls and that has to be something special. So do you really think you could have a happily ever after with someone you put on such a high pedestal? Or are you just setting yourself up for failure because you’d care for him more than he would ever care for you?”
“Jo, this is what i’m talking about.  Best behavior.  That guy is my boyfriend and you know his name.”
"Well you really pull it off." She couldn't help but wonder what Dean would think of her hair. Truthfully Anna was the nicest person you'd ever meet, no mean bone in her. The only reason Jo had ill feelings towards her was Dean had a huge crush on her for most of sixth and seventh grade year. He finally got the balls to ask her to a school dance, they'd had a great time and since then Jo couldn't stand Anna.
“Whatever.” I rolled my eyes. “If, in some parallel Earth, you were you, and Sharkboy was Sharkboy, and nothing was odd about a boy being half human half shark, you were able to date Sharkboy do you think it would work out?”
