He doesn’t offer to shake hands. Kate’s face relaxes. “Oh!” she says. “Yes! I know who you are. You’re John’s friend. The detective, isn’t that right?”
(Who can possibly concentrate on choosing dinner like this?) “Let’s get whatever
“Restaurant, then,” Sherlock says. “Find us something. You choose.”
Sherlock takes the suit off again and crawls heavily into bed. He sets an alarm for the morning, thinking that he can still pay Kate Whitney a visit then. If it’s his one possibility of ever seeing John again, then he feels compelled to take it. He is incapable of not taking it. Yet John’s choice bears down on him like an anvil as he lies there in the dark, his entire frame aching beneath its crushing weight.
John clears his throat, glances around again, then forces himself to look like he’s paying attention at Sally Jordan launches into another attack on gays and how they’ve invented the climate change hoax this time.
They hike back up to the resort, crossing the bridge and taking the long way around, holding hands and talking a little, sometimes stopping to take pictures on their phones. There’s still over an hour until dinner when they get back, so they fill the jacuzzi in the bathroom, strip off their hiking clothes, and open one of the bottles of champagne.
Ella nods. “Yes, that’s also typical for gaslighting,” she says.
It works. John chuckles. “Quite possibly,” he says, then says, eyes in his plate, “though I think you may be slightly underestimating your own effects in that regard.”
The voice nearly startles John out of his skin and he silently curses himself for it. He manages to keep his composure, though, and turns to see that their informant has joined him. She actually
, but I ignore it. The thief hesitates, then spills. It’s all over then. Lestrade frogmarches him off to the cruiser, sends a crew to recuperate the nicked painting, and Sherlock and I are free to go.
A tackle and brief struggle later, their killer is cuffed and sat in the back of Lestrade’s cruiser as the murder charges are read to him, John tousled but otherwise feeling quite pleased with himself. Sergei Blahnik is a nasty piece of work – as evidenced by his literally gutless victim – and it’s a genuine pleasure to see him taken down. He checks the time. It’s half-past four but they haven’t eaten since a large order of chips that they shared, wolfed down sometime around midnight last night. There just hasn’t been time otherwise. It occurs to him that Sherlock would still have time to go for dinner with Corey if he mentioned it now. Maybe he should. Then again, Sherlock is perfectly capable of putting this fact together for himself. “Hungry?” he asks, watching Lestrade’s team empty the pub. The evidence that will put the final seal on Blahnik’s case will most certainly be captured on the pub’s security system. They’re not needed at this point.
Dan gets it and nods, taking the cue perfectly. “Speaking of which,” he says, and stops to clear his throat. “Jodes – I know this is years late in coming and I’m sorry. I’ve just got to say that. But I want you to know that I’ve had this planned for ages already and I’m going to do it properly – but I thought I’d lost you today and it’s just put everything into perspective. I don’t think it should wait a single day longer. You’re everything to me. You’re my whole life. Will you marry me? I’ve got a ring at home, and I’ll do this right, like I said, but I’ve got to ask now, before we lose a single minute more.”
“No, of course not,” John says, a little too quickly, and this makes Sherlock’s stomach twist a little. Why should that suggestion be preposterous? They frequently
Sherlock feels pleased by this. “I’m glad I didn’t mangle the job, particularly considering that it’s you,” he says.
John shakes his head. “
Liz is an artist and most of her friends are hipster-types roosting in lofts here and there, probably eating a lot of vegan food and drinking out of jars. John decides not to comment on this. “No, of course,” he says. “Go to your party. It’s fine. I’ll – I’ll work something out.”
A little while later, they find themselves sitting hand-in-hand again, a peaceful contentedness knitting itself around them like a blanket as darkness falls in the park and throughout the city. A very close, companionable quiet gathers around them in the twilight, their fingers moving against each other’s now and then, the need to talk falling away.
They let go of each other as they head back into the dining hall, and John’s heart gives a sharp squeeze of relief as he sees Jodie sitting up on the edge of the stage, an unknown man who must be Dan sitting beside her with his arm around her shoulders, an entire team of medics surrounding them. “Oh, thank God,” he says with relief.
He needs the loo, now that he’s awake. He carefully peels back the bedding and goes quietly around the bed to shut himself in the bathroom, trying not to wake Sherlock. He relieves himself, washes his hands, then dries them and goes back to bed. This time, he positions himself facing Sherlock, but with a much bigger space between them.
Sherlock responds by letting himself go completely, wrapping himself around John like an octopus and holding him as tightly as he can, and John responds in kind, almost rocking him in a heady compound of fierce tenderness and a need equalling Sherlock’s own. He was wrong, Sherlock realises at long last: what he feels for John doesn’t outweigh what John feels for him at all. He was just as afraid to show it as Sherlock was. They were idiots, both of them. But now it’s sorted at last, understood and accepted and achingly wanted. This is without a doubt the best night of either of their lives. He doesn’t care whether parachuters land on the roof of Baker Street. There is nothing can could possibly induce him to leave the haven of John’s arms. And if this is only the beginning, then it can only possibly get better from here, Sherlock thinks, his fingers stroking obsessively through John’s short hair as they kiss.
A gunshot ricochets off the walls around us and we both duck instinctively. It’s deafening but neither of us is hit, thank God. Horton is running now, possibly chickening out. He’s on the roof, one storey above us, but evidently comes to a dead end and is forced to jump down onto some bins and keep running down the lane.
When Mrs Hudson comes up, she’s got the lasagna in both hands, and a bottle of something tucked under one arm. It proves to be a sparkling apple cider, non-alcoholic. She is abundantly tactful, letting Sherlock relieve her of her armload, then going to John to give him a gentle hug. “It’s
He stops. Ella is alarmed. “What is it, John?” she asks. He doesn’t respond, at least not verbally: instead he moans and covers his face with both hands. She gives him a moment, then prompts. “What’s going on?” she asks. “Can you put some of what you’re thinking into words?”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock assures her. “You’ve done nothing wrong. We’ll let your parents know where you are at once. Are you hungry? Has he fed you at all?”
He goes back to his book, leaving Sherlock with the task of finding a recipe. It feels almost as though they’ve made a date: first the shopping, which they haven’t been doing together – usually it’s Mrs Hudson who goes to the shops and brings back whatever they’ve requested – and then the eating of their creation later on. Sherlock pulls out his phone. He’d better find a very good recipe, in that case.
John looks at Sherlock, who shrugs. They leave Rosie where she is and Sherlock waves Mycroft into his chair, going to perch on the arm of John’s. “What is it, brother mine?” he asks, keeping the sarcasm minimal.
“Hmm.” John turns it over in his head. “So… what was that, four women and two men?”
The desk agent nods. “Will do. I’m Aston, by the way.” He raises his voice back to its usual volume. “Better luck with the ice machine later on, sir.”
her pearls. Well – fake pearls.”
He swoops in to kiss Sherlock, rolling onto him, arms digging under his back to hold him as tightly as possible, and Sherlock kisses back with surprising abandon. “Me too – I’m in love with you, too,” John gets in, between kisses. “You’re everything to me, you know!”
“Come on,” Thom cajoled. “It’s just for fun! There are prizes, too!”
John smiles down at him. “Yeah?”
Sherlock doesn’t feel that it has. He inhales again, but John cuts him off before he can ask.
He gets up, comes around the table, pulls Sherlock’s chair out a little and straddles his lap without hesitation. He bends and puts their mouths together immediately and Sherlock shifts him even closer and kisses back deeply, throwing himself into it. His hands are in Sherlock’s hair, fingers combing through his wet curls as they kiss, and it’s blissful. After a little while, John pulls back and says, “So? What conclusions did you come through while you were thinking? Anything urgent?”
good to have you back here,” she tells him. “You need anything, anything at all, you just say the word. Though I’m sure that Sherlock will be taking good care of you.”
Sherlock hesitates, then makes himself just say it. “I – wondered if you might like to… stay down here,” he says, the words coming out jerkily. He grimaces inwardly. “Not – here, on the sofa. I mean – with – with me.” (God, that was brutal!) Sherlock winces overtly, biting his lower lip.
“On the contrary,” I tell him gently. “I was thinking about the dangers of saying too much too soon.”
“We’ll be there in twenty,” he’d said. “Text us the address!”
Mycroft nods at the papers. “Keep looking, Doctor Watson. You’ll see the same payment amounts from the same corporation several more times. It started six months ago and continued intermittently until the very month that Mary died.”
Ah. “Er, actually, I’ve moved back to Westminster,” John says with a wince. “I can still bring her, just not right away. When she’s ready, I’ll come in a cab, if that’s all right.”
Justin nods. “Yeah, we had the late afternoon session, after you two. She said you’d been there.”
“It’s all right,” Sherlock says, the words coming now, if awkwardly.
Sherlock shakes his head. “No, or I’d have put them on our list of people to talk to today.”
made contact, isn’t looking for a reconciliation – instead, you’ve sent him to confront her. Is this a terminal mission, then? Are you actively trying to get him killed?”
“The autopsy report states that there were no tattoos or other markings on the body,” John tells him, his brow creasing. “And what is that, anyway?”
John refuses to be put off by his brusqueness, though. “Of the intimacy. Of letting someone in. Being vulnerable in front of them.”
“True,” John admits. He exhales again, a bit shakily, but nods. “Yes. Okay. I’ll go back to therapy.” He looks up at Sherlock. “Why did you start?” he asks. “First question in a long line. When, and why?”
“It’s a long weekend, brother mine,” Mycroft informs him. “It ends on Monday afternoon. You would have six days. If you fail to solve it, you’ll have to find another conference to attend with a different cover story that the staff would find believable. I mean, everyone knows who the two of you are. There is already plenty of speculation in the gossip tabloids about the two of you; hence I think that the engagement story would sell rather well. Two appearances, however, and they’ll know they’re being investigated for sure.”
Sherlock finds that his usual sense of time has abandoned him, too. “I don’t know,” he says, craning his head to see if there’s a clock about. There is, hanging over the kitchen sink. “Oh. It’s almost seven. Those sausages were rather a long time ago. Do you know what you want to eat yet?”
He waits for one or both of them to ask how he knows, but after exchanging a quick look with Lestrade, Sherlock simply says, “All right: then we’ll set a trap. When does the class start?”
He knows now that John’s grief over Mary was more than grief: it was confusion and guilt and anger, a lack of having forgiven her in the first place and a sense of being made to pay now that it was over.
“No, I’m not married yet,” Sharon tells him ruefully. “But you never know, at these things. Isn’t that right?”
available to look after Rosie if he’s having himself a staycation, then.
Sherlock tightens his grip on John. “Wait,” he says. “She might go back to sleep.”
“We can – and should – definitely talk about it as we go,” John assures him. “If it doesn’t end up needing as long as that, we can always re-evaluate.”
“It was two seconds,” John returns, obviously not pleased to be questioned this way. “I know she’s my responsibility, but you weren’t watching her, either.”
I shrug. “Because he’s just off the grid?”
John silently vows to himself to make all of this up to Sherlock somehow, start returning all of this in kind at last. “Let’s not argue about it,” he says, meaning the coffee. “An extra shot would definitely be a good idea.”
John glances at him but doesn’t quite make eye contact. He hesitates for a moment, obviously debating whether or not to say anything to this, then eventually decides against it. “I’m going to brush my teeth,” he says, and that ends the conversation.
They spend their last night sitting up in front of the fire in the dressing gowns provided in the bathroom, sipping champagne and just relaxing, content in every way possible. “It feels a bit like everything would be perfect if we could just stay here forever,” John admits after a little.
,” Sherlock tells her, obviously out of patience. “That isn’t good enough!”
All I know now is that we’re back here, together, seemingly for good this time, and there are questions that would be obvious for any other two people. Maybe he thinks I’m straight and that he’s asexual and that therefore said questions have rendered themselves moot. Maybe he knows that I’ve thought about him obsessively, compulsively, over the years, and is just too kind to point it out. Kind: hardly the word one would normally use for Sherlock Holmes, except that I’ve finally come to see that he really can be when he wants to. Especially to me. So then: what?
“Quite right,” Mycroft had said briskly, visibly coming to life. “Now then: this number puts her somewhere in the northeast quadrant of Paris, probably near the outskirts. Let’s see when it was last used.”
Roy favours him with a look that John can only term as approving. “Right you are, sonny,” he says, and if there’s something odd lurking in the depths of his tone, John’s at a loss to identify it. “Right you are. Meanwhile, you’ve got all week with the ladies. Isn’t that right?” He nods his chin in Sherlock’s direction. “Never got your names.”
From there, it’s time to arrest the other cell members. One is a woman, a cousin of Marina Gubnitskaia’s, currently going by Eleanor Carr, who works in a grocery in New Herrington. The other is a male, currently going by Michael Armstrong, who works as a mechanic in Durham. The other two members are still in Moscow. Mycroft makes a phone at some distance from the rest of them, then announces that these will be taken care of. No one asks him for any details on this. Lestrade squints into the sunlight. “What about the other two? How do you want to do this?”
“Oh.” Now John looks up and cranes his head around to look at him. “Is it that late?”
Now, Sherlock concentrates on tying his black silk tie in the mirror, fidgeting with the knot. “I hate ties,” he says mildly, without heat.
Sherlock smiles, not looking at him, and touches one finger more deliberately to one of John’s. “I just wish I’d found a moment to tell Mrs Hudson first. Somehow it feels unfair that a total stranger knows and she still doesn’t. That’s my fault. I’ll do it soon, John. I promise.”
Sherlock is there, too, his arms around them both. He kisses Rosie’s head, then gives John a look so intense it might as well have been a kiss. He turns away, though, duty calling. He questions Tamara first, ascertaining that she’s all right, that neither she nor any of the children have been harmed. She tells him that Hidgens wanted her to look after the kids while he was “collecting”, he’d said.
They stumble inside, kissing breathlessly and gripping at each other’s sleeves. “Mm – Sherlock – ” John can’t quite bring himself to stop kissing Sherlock long enough to talk. It takes at least two more efforts before he manages it, Sherlock making a questioning sound into his mouth. John pulls away and licks his lips. “I just – I was thinking, last night was phenomenal, absolutely everything I wanted. And I didn’t want to slow it down in any way, so – but I was also quite aware of how disgusting I felt. Would you mind terribly if this time, I took a quick shower first? Between the plane and all the walking and that, I’d – yeah. I’d just like to shower and shave and generally feel a bit fresher tonight?”
“I’ll bet,” he says. “Oh, here we are.” He wrestles the plug in, then gets his phone hooked up and scrambles back around, pulling the blankets onto himself and shifting just a little closer to Sherlock. “You tired?”
John shakes his head. “I was entirely preoccupied and didn’t notice one way or another.” He bends and kisses Sherlock again, then again, and again after that. Sherlock reaches down and pulls the blankets up over John’s back and holds him, trying to convey with his arms more than he can find words to say. John wears his ring, and that’s still wholly incredulous to him. John has actually chosen him, against all odds.
John looks down at his phone again. “The nearest dwelling in this direction is a farm,” he says. “Little Coop House Farm.” He looks out over the field, and nods at a cluster of low buildings in the distance. “I’m guessing that’s it. Do you suppose the farmer had anything to do with it?”
“All right, then,” she says. “See you in a few.”
His breath is hot on Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock cannot respond. Not verbally, at least. With John’s hands on him, he finally lets himself push forward into the tightness of John’s body. He looks down between them and has to stop, moaning, his entire body convulsing as he tries not to lose the plot right then and there. John is panting and still urging him on, hands pulling at him insistently, so Sherlock draws a deep breath and keeps going. He’s never felt anything like this, the intense squeezing of John’s body gripping his erection. Everything they’ve done so far is a separate pleasure unto itself, and this one is entirely novel. He gets himself all the way into John, his body trembling violently as he looks into John’s face, their eyes never leaving each other’s.
“Here, take a bite,” John goes on, holding it up to Sherlock’s mouth.
“Sure,” Liddell says cheerfully. “Why not? Cup of coffee before we set out? You could just wait for the police to arrive, if you want to talk to them and then we could all head back there together. Save me a trip.”
“I know,” Sherlock says quickly. “But having had anyone else do that at all… I just feel that it would help. At least mentally, if not – physically.”
John can’t make himself look at him. Surely he should be past any withdrawal by now. “Yeah, fine,” he mutters. “Sorry.”
“Open bar, at least,” Sherlock says, with half a smile.
to my conscience), with a child I barely know, honestly, a history of war zone trauma and trust issues, then familial violence and alcoholism before that, and now sharing a flat with a man whose significance to me would be rather difficult to label. We say best friends. I do, at any rate. He literally refers to me as his “John”. Probably not aware of the prostitution-related meaning, but that’s half the humour: the things he misses. A man who can see through a wall of lies to pluck out the two strands of truth that contradict it all and pull the entire thing down in two words, or who will deduce a poisoning from the way the air in the room makes his eyebrows tingle, but can’t reliably remember the current Prime Minister, what year it is, or the names of people he’s known for years.
John feels a glow of solidarity that he’s never experienced before, and finds he has to swallow. “That’s – fantastic,” he says, meaning it more than he can say. “Thank you.”
Inside the cottage, they pick up their various bloodied pieces of clothing and put them into a bag to take to a dry-cleaner once they’re back in London. “Do you mind if I just take a quick shower?” John asks. “I’m feeling rather disgusting.”
“I know that, but I didn’t want to drag you into it,” Molly said, sounding distressed. “I thought – I didn’t want it to compromise your friendship with John. It’s why we didn’t bring Mrs Hudson in, either.”
, despite the fact that she’s still rather shocked that it happened in the first place. “Um, wow,” she says finally, her voice still shot through with breath.
John nods. “Yeah. I guess we’re just going to have to wing it,” he replies. “We’ll be as honest as possible, but – I guess we’ll have to cross each bridge when we come to it, in terms of what to do when they ask us something unexpected.”
John attempts a shrug, made slightly difficult with Sherlock’s grip on his arms. “You could stay awake,” he suggests. “Start a new experiment or something?”
John squeezes his hand again, then says, “And besides which, all I really want right now is you. Now that we finally have this, Sherlock – these last four days have been absolutely incredible for me. Maybe it’s selfish, but this is really all I want.”
After they’ve eaten, Sherlock is a little less aloof, and John senses that he’s watching him as discreetly as possible. He suggests a film, one they’ve seen before, but it’s been years and it’s playing on the telly, so John agrees. Sherlock doesn’t touch him as they watch, though he’s not that far away. John tries to absorb himself in the plot, and it works a little, but he can’t stop thinking about what happens after, painfully aware that Sherlock is also thinking about it, that this conversation has got to happen more or less as soon as the movie ends. He’s dreading it, dreading having Sherlock send him away, tell him that he’s got to go back upstairs to his own room. Yet he also dreads being in bed with Sherlock again, wanting him so badly he can taste it, yet afraid for both their sakes to even try for it.
possible. Societal homophobia and various approaches in dealing with it. Even the very fact that discussing relationship issues with the general populace can be awkward for us makes it more challenging to work through our problems. You’ll see that we have a workshop discussing shame and identity and how those issues can affect a relationship. While you’re hiking, as we hope you will, you’ll see the ravine for which we’ve named our facility here. There’s a stone bridge that crosses it, and for Todd and I, it was the perfect metaphor for what we’re trying to do here. The ravine seems dangerously deep, but with that solid stone bridge there, it doesn’t matter. We’re here to help you build bridges in your own relationships, and we’ve got the very best staff we could find to help you do that.”
“Of course,” he says. He checks the time, his small, skilled hands screwing the lid of the tub back on. “It’s half-past four. Harry should be getting here soon…”
And then, after all that, Mary died, saving Sherlock’s life in the process, and everything fell apart. John had called and said he needed some help with Rosie, two days which turned into two weeks. Molly had had to take some vacation days just to make it all work, but it was important. Rosie is her godchild and she’d just lost her mother. It was good for her, too, giving her something to do through the shock of Mary’s death. When there’s a baby, there’s always something to do. John drank a little too much – that, she knows, because Kate said something vaguely worried-sounding about it, though Molly’s never known the details. There was that whole business with Sherlock’s sister, but then after that, Molly thought that things had more or less settled into a better place again, for John. She’s got no idea what’s happened now to change this, but it’s a bit distressing. Just when things had taken a turn for the better.
Mycroft swallows, then nods. “Understood.”
Linda leans over, lowering her voice. “You feel the same way?”
For a moment Sherlock just squeezes back, holding him. Then he says, “I’m still trying to wrap my mind around this. This is really happening.”
This is progress. Ella looks down at her calendar. “I have Tuesday afternoon, if you like. Two o’clock?”
John clenches his jaw. “I want her
She screams throughout the bath and he hopes that the neighbours don’t think he’s killing her. She’s equally unenthusiastic about the installation of the nappy that follows. She generally has a bottle at night. It’s both past her bedtime though, and she didn’t have a nap, so Sherlock debates the bottle. Perhaps it would soothe her. Well: she doesn’t have to take it if she doesn’t want it, he reasons. He goes into the kitchen and sets her down on the floor but she starts shrieking again, so he sighs and picks her up, holding her on his hip as she wails into his ear, trying to prepare her bottle to the precise temperature with one hand only. Parenthood is exhausting, he thinks. No wonder John is so worn out with it. He finally gets the bottle organised and takes Rosie to the sofa to sit in the corner with her there. The blanket John slept under last night is still there, so he gets it around the child and settles her into the crook of his left arm. She accepts the bottle, somewhat to his surprise, and falls asleep while drinking it, her weight growing heavier as she shifts into sleep. Sherlock carefully extracts the bottle and gets it onto the end table behind him.
“Precisely,” Sherlock says. He nods toward the door. “I’ll see you later. Take your ice bucket.”
This gets her a rather half-hearted response, but it doesn’t matter. Molly carries Rosie out to the kerb, then waves down a taxi. It’s not quite right, taking a small child in one without a car seat, but at the moment she hasn’t got the energy to take a fifteen-month-old on the Tube. She gets a receipt from the driver, resolving to herself once again to make John pay her back for the ride, though the Underground from the hospital was by far the longer part of the journey, then walks down to the garden level door and rings the bell.
Sherlock gazes at him soberly. “I find this completely unacceptable. I can’t be without you tonight. I’ll – suffocate. Starve to death. I need to be with you.”
John exhales hard, his grip on Sherlock tightening. “You’re sure?” he asks against Sherlock’s lips.
John’s arms are crossed. “Just do as he says,” he tells the officer shortly. “Trust me, if you make him get a warrant to search
Vee purses her lips. She could point out that there’s never been anyone in Mycroft’s life, either. The term ‘confirmed bachelor’ is what she’s always used to describe Mycroft to her friends. “If John were to return Sherlock’s feelings, though… it would be rather lovely, I think.”
Sherlock smirks openly at this and it takes even more of the tension away. “I see,” he says archly. He goes round to the far side of the bed. “In that case, do as you like. You prefer the right side, don’t you?”
John leans in and presses his lips to Sherlock’s for a long moment, his fingers going to the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt. “We’ll get there together,” he responds, his own voice low and as gentle as he can make it. “I love you.”
Molly nods, still sobbing.
They go to a meeting the following morning, half-past ten in a neighbourhood church basement. Sherlock found it during an early-morning search as John slept on upstairs, then suggested it over breakfast, which they cooked together today. This was nothing particularly fancy, just a fry-up of eggs, mushrooms, bacon, and tomatoes, with buttered toast and a large pot of English breakfast. Sherlock brings up the idea of going to a meeting and John agrees without objection, to his private relief.
“Oh.” John sounds surprised, and considers both their attire. “Well… if you like, we could maybe lose the shirts?”
Sherlock looks genuinely startled. “What?” He directs this at John. “I don’t understand.”
“Ready for your speech?” he asks.
John’s smile grows. “Me too, and I love that you said that out loud.” He kisses Sherlock again. “After,” he promises. “We’ll finish this out, get rid of your brother and the rest of them, then go for dinner somewhere nice and then come back here. Stay for another night, then go home. I don’t know if I feel up to the train today.”
Sherlock’s fingers move against his almost obscenely. “Say it,” he says, his voice compelling John.
“You could have just told me,” John counters, aware of his chin jutting out as he says it. Ugh. Too confrontational. He turns, picks up his kit bag, and takes it into the loo, but leaves the door open so as not to shut Sherlock out completely, look like he’s ticked off or something, when he’s only a tiny bit irked. He takes out his toothbrush, wets it, and applies toothpaste. As he’s rinsing his mouth, he becomes aware that Sherlock has silently appeared in the doorway behind him, leaning up against the frame with his arms folded across his torso. John straightens up and meets his eyes in the mirror, reaching for a hand towel and patting his face dry with it.
John glances at him, then back at Mrs Hudson. He clears his throat again. “Yeah, that’d be great, if you wouldn’t mind,” he says, silently conveying as much gratitude in her direction as he can possibly muster. She’s saved their entire morning from the potential awkwardness of being on their own after last night, and now she’s doubling down on it by tactfully getting out of the way so that they can cross this particular bridge in privacy.
Sherlock opens his eyes, smiling into his and looking happier and younger than John’s ever seen him look. He answers with his mouth instead of verbally, which is just fine.
Todd has several conflicting expressions trying to occur simultaneously. “I’m glad,” he says, sounding wary but as though he really means it. “I’ve seen your transformation this week and it’s been incredible to watch. That explains a lot. But why did you come, then?”
Sherlock nods. “That was my first thought.” He turns to Lestrade. “In that case, you’ll need to have the body thawed before we can get a time of death. Have someone collect him, and we’ll work on processing the scene.”
John nods. “Oh, yes. And some of the trousers you wear – I think I almost got immune to it after awhile, but some days it took every ounce of discipline I had not to notice, you know.”
John snickers. “Fine, but I’ll let you be the one to address it directly.”
It takes me a moment to even comprehend the question. “Wha – disap
“Thanks,” John says, before Sherlock can, and there’s definitely relief in his tone. “Like I said, we hit a bit of a bump and we’ve talked it through, but we both think that talking about it with Margaret could help.”
Mary still looks surprised. “Oh,” she says. “No, I don’t think it’s that. I don’t think he’s been solving any crimes lately.”
Sherlock smirks. “And soon, my ability to puncture a pair of lacy knickers with the power of a single erection,” he teases.
Sherlock acknowledged this stiffly. “Yes,” he said, looking back down into his carton of chips. They’re growing cold.
“Those sound delicious. Are we sharing them?”
It seems there’s still more to be said, though. The next time there’s an opportunity to talk, John shakes his head. “I never realised you might think there was someone else. That never even occurred to me. All of my doubts had to do with whether or not you might want this.”
been through, I don’t know how you’ve turned out to be such an extraordinarily forgiving person. I’ve been a dick to you countless times. Mary
He looks up at me with that last, his eyes very blue at the moment, and the word is very slightly defensive. I shake my head. “No – of course not!” I say. “I just – wondered, since we’re… well. This, now.”
Sherlock makes a neutral sound, then says, “No.”
John wonders if Sherlock would have remembered about dinner at all, if he hadn’t come back when he did, and feels badly all over again. “Okay, so what’s the exhibit?” he asks.
When he gets to Baker Street at last, John gets Rosie out of the buggy, folds it up and gets all of them inside. To his lasting relief, Mrs Hudson is home and crows with delight at seeing her godchild. She’s free all day, she says, and John could kiss her kitten-heeled feet with joy. He thanks her profusely, exchanges all of the necessary information, points out that he’ll be upstairs all day if they need him, and gets himself away.
“Good night,” he says, and that’s the end of their conversation for the day.
John’s chin comes up at this. “What?” He stares at Mycroft, the words sinking in. “Is this – do you know, one way or the other?”
John looks at him for a moment or two, then smiles. “That’s pretty damned gracious of you,” he says. “I don’t know that I’d be that nice in your place.”
Sherlock feels dangerously close to losing control of his emotions. “Well –
John leans in and kisses him on the cheek. “With anything you want,” he says, his hand cupping Sherlock’s face in a way that makes him feel so much that he can barely breathe.
“Accountability was not her strong suit,” Sherlock says dryly. He nods toward a nondescript dark car parked by the side of the road just ahead. “There it is. Let me just check it for car bombs. In this village, one cannot be too careful.”
And six months ago, Rosie died.
Margaret nods. “Absolutely. Especially in people who have lost a lot, who have reason to fear putting their trust in other people. Have you ever been told or found that you have some problems with trust?”
“I don’t think it’s that simple,” John retorts, a mutinous look on his face. “I think there’s grist for real concern in this case.”
?” Anger kindles, then swells. “John’s
Vee fixes her eyes on the man who has produced the version of her son she just witnessed in the kitchen before dinner. “They were really able to identify the precise times you were given the TD-12? There definitely were some, then?”
Sherlock’s cock is just as hard as mine is. He lets his lower lip fall open as he inhales, then puts a hand over mine on his face. “I want – this,” he says, with difficulty. “I mean – I want you. I want to try… what this position would suggest. But – ”
“Ah.” John thinks again. “Then what about this: we drive to Sarajevo, maybe have dinner and spend the night there, then fly to Vienna in the morning. Or – you have a gun…”
“This chef is very good,” Mycroft admits, examining a stem of asparagus on his fork.
“It’s yours,” Mycroft says, performing one of his smuggest smiles. “You’re welcome. The bank is now aware of your existence and I had them make out a draft.” He nods toward the sheaf of papers which Sherlock is now examining. “It’s in the smaller envelope toward the back.”
Sherlock goes back round the other side of the table and beckons me over with his head. “Look,” he says, parting Kendall’s robe at the neck, and I see it then: the faint beginnings of bruises forming. Fingerprint-shaped bruises.
John is staring at him. “
Ella exhales. “I see,” she says again. “And after that – what?”
, he’d said.
“The one in Peterlee,” the farmer says. “Closest one.”
he comes home. He may be off touring the British Museum or the Tate Gallery or some inane thing with Corey even now, with plans to introduce him to the Chinese on the corner, or their favourite sushi restaurant, or the Thai place round the corner with the amazing massaman curry and coconut rice. And then it would be back to Corey’s posh Covent Garden condo, expensive wine and smooth jazz playing as Corey strips Sherlock bare with his handsome, sculpted hands, Sherlock relaxed and confident in his newfound experience as they make their way into the bedroom. And then Corey would enter him, join himself to Sherlock in the way that Sherlock practised last night. That’s all it was: a dry run for the real thing.
Sherlock isn’t budging. “Why?” he demands. He leans forward, out of the semi-circle of John’s arm. “What haven’t you told me, Mycroft?”
John manufactures a smile and puts it on. “Hello,” he says. “And you are…?”
Sherlock feels his eyebrows rise. “It’s an interesting hypothesis,” he says. “And the hiking trails are off limits after nine in the evening…”
at all times. “We’re getting on in years, and besides which, we’re taking every opportunity possible to make the most of our time here and work on our relationship.”
Sherlock studies him for a long moment, his eyes sober. “In that case, thank God for Irene,” he says, a touch dryly. “Who knew
They walk back. The path takes them through the trees now, and Sherlock notices that on this side, the hills are lined in green. It must be that the valley side is more protected from the elements, he reasons, then decides to share this observation aloud with John. John agrees and says he’d noticed the same thing. There’s an easier companionship between them now than there was when they first arrived, Sherlock thinks. It’s progress. Or perhaps they’re both just feeling mellow due to the walk and the beauty of their surroundings. Either way, he’s glad of it, and thinks that he can see why Ravine Valley has the reputation it does for helping couples with their relationships. He wishes again that he and John were here for that and nothing more.
“I don’t mind,” Molly insists, and Mary gives in.
“And get ready to duck. Got it.” John follows him over to the door.
John gets it. “Yeah – of course,” he says, and there’s a brief wrestling match as he gets the blankets over them, covering Sherlock’s nudity. “And this,” he says, determined to remember to actually teach something useful here, “is about the right time for some lube.”
John doesn’t argue with this. “Okay. Night.”
rather useful when he wants to be.”
Sherlock smiles down at him. “We can discuss it later,” he says. “Open that.”
Sherlock blinks and licks his lips. “It was doubly ironic this morning, wasn’t it? Given that not only have we never, but I’ve never… done anything like this before.”
The following day is quiet. They both stay home, puttering around the flat and not talking much. Sherlock buries himself in a long medical tome about infectious diseases that actually belongs to John from his med school days, only emerging to eat lunch when John announces that he’s made it, and again later on when Mrs Hudson comes up with a shepherd’s pie and an offer to give Rosie her bath and get her settled. By the time John finds himself yawning and realising that it’s time for bed, neither he nor Sherlock acknowledge it when he follows Sherlock down the corridor to his bedroom again. He changes the dressings on Sherlock’s back and tells him that the next time they come off, they can stay off, that the wounds are healing well. And that night, for the first time since it all began, Sherlock doesn’t have a nightmare.
That does it: the only shower stalls are immediately next to them. They are going to be seen. John exchanges another look with Sherlock, then says, “I told
“What time is it now?”
I love watching him build fires. They’re never precisely symmetrical, which I thought was odd of him at first, but when I asked he explained that symmetry isn’t good for fires. The imperfections are what let the oxygen flow and feed the flames, and no two fires of his are ever exactly the same. And they’re nonetheless perfect. He prides himself on his one-match fires with no artificial kindling, and tonight’s is no different. When he’s satisfied that at least one of the logs has caught the flames, normally he would sit back and pronounce the fire lit, or just get up and carry on with what he was doing, but tonight he stays where he is. I watch him, aware that something is different. I think of our imperfections, and wonder if they’ve let the oxygen in, feeding the flame, or whether it’s all just been too much, too damaging to ever let us get there in the end.
John nods. “Yeah,” he says again, and this time it’s a little stronger. He clears his throat, too. “It’s – it’s what you’re thinking, Sherlock. You haven’t got it wrong. I… but the closer we got, the more I wondered if it was a completely shit plan and now I think it maybe was, since you’re so… Mrs Hudson said, too.”
“But why did you leave this morning?” John presses. He’s
“Welcome,” she says, smiling over her glasses at them. She gestures. “Have a seat.”
John looks up, startled for the third time so far today. It’s only Jodie, though, looking at him with concern. “Er, yeah,” he says, but it comes out pretty unconvincingly.
John kisses him again, his heart flooding the rest of his chest cavity with warmth, then he’s nodding, too. “Okay. Er – lie back here, if you don’t mind the floor too much – ”
Somehow I can’t even quite say it. “Come here,” I say instead, my throat tight.
lubricant, I’m fairly certain.”
“Not necessarily,” Andrew says defensively. “And there are different ways of topping. Do we mean in the relationship as a whole, or just sexually?”
They turn around and hasten back toward the hotel. “So, Joe Biggs,” John says, turning the subject back to their possible suspect. “Any criminal record there?”
“And, hopefully, keeping us together,” Sherlock adds.
“In Serbia,” he says, confirming, but he already knows, his mouth gone dry at the very thought. Mycroft nods. For a moment, various emotions hold Sherlock in a grip so strong that he cannot speak. Then fury resurfaces and reinstates itself. “You sent him
Jodie laughs, but doesn’t explain why. “I’m fine,” she reassures him. “This should be an interesting talk. Or discussion.”
Sherlock takes the flannel from him and starts to return the favour. “Okay, but never mind about Rosie, as far as I’m concerned. Whatever you want will be fine. And I want you. I want you all the time,” he says, his voice low. He kisses John’s forehead, then his nose, which makes John laugh, and then his chin. “I want you here, with me. I want you when I’m eating. I want you when I’m fixing things. I want you when there contractors cutting pipes in the kitchen. I want you to drink tea with.” He shifts lower and kisses John’s chest. “I want you to cook with. I want you to work with.” John is breathing faster, his fingers closing in Sherlock’s hair. “I want you during the day, and I want you at night, here in my bed.”
“She’s not yours,” Mary informs him coolly. “She’s David’s and mine. You have no right to her.”
“Okay,” Sherlock says, the question still in his voice but he lets it go. He removes the stipulated items of clothing and his shoes and waits, standing in the middle of the room and unsure as to what to do with himself.
“I should have taken a cab.” He’s too apologetic; maybe that’s his inborn jealousy at the thought that Sherlock might be texting someone other than himself. (And of course, he has a specific suspicion there, too.) Then again, maybe he was just checking his email or something.
“Just sit,” Sherlock says. “Unless you’d like to pour us both some coffee?”
“Perfect,” Sherlock tells him. He takes another sip, savouring it, then says, “All right: your turn. What should we talk about first? You survived your brush with my family. What else?”
“Yes, that’s right,” she says.
maybe you were interested, but I was never
I think of that day in the morgue again and my arms tighten instinctively. “It’s one thing for you to have forgiven me, but it’s more difficult for me to forgive myself, you know,” I say heavily. “There’s so much there. Not just with Rosie and all but abandoning her for several months of her infancy there, and all of the different people taking care of her, but – you. All that shit I pulled with you.”
He swallows again, and even by the dim streetlight filtering in, John can see him flushing. “Did you?” he asks softly, just for the sake of hearing it again.
going to ask about this weekend, though…”
“Oh, I know that, dear, but you know what I mean.” Mrs Hudson sighs and looks at Rosie, but doesn’t say anything else. “Well, if you’d like to go out for supper or something, I haven’t got anything on tonight.”
“Well, we can make Mycroft give you the results, since he clearly knows,” Sherlock says, his tone a bit sharp, but John knows that the sharpness isn’t aimed at him.
“Wasn’t going to,” Sherlock says, and that’s good: his voice comes out perfectly naturally. He does steal a look at John in them again, though. He can’t help it. The glasses just render John ten times more appealing than he was before, particularly when he’s reading something and concentrating intelligently. He clears his throat. “So, what’s next, doctor?”
of work.”
Sherlock smiles to himself and turns around, setting the teapot on the table and filling it with hot water. “In a moment.” He fits the lid onto the teapot and puts the kettle back, then goes back to the sitting room to peel off his coat and hang it up.
Smirnov is far less forthcoming, spitting on the floor in front of Sherlock as he enters the room, still supporting John, and Sherlock stops out of range in distaste. He finds himself filled with rage at the sight of this man who so very casually ordered that John’s life be snuffed out, like a worthless sidekick or utterly unimportant bit of insignificance, and suddenly knows that this was why he wanted to come – to show Smirnov that despite him, John lived, that he failed to accomplish this snuffing.
This is more than he’s ever let himself say aloud – maybe to either of them, and it feels dangerous. Sherlock’s eyes flick up to his, as sharp as before, but he seems to believe whatever it is that he sees on John’s face. He nods once, just a duck of his chin, then looks back at his knees. “Thank you for that,” he says quietly.
Mrs Hudson finds out quickly enough, coming up just after Sherlock ends the call with his mother. As she does, she pokes about the kitchen and tidies up without being asked, then turns on the water to start the washing up and goes off to collect dishes from around the flat. When she gets back to the kitchen, she turns off the water, puts a pile of plates in the sink to soak, and plugs in the kettle before coming over to sit down in John’s chair across from Sherlock.
Mycroft does look at him now, casting a semi-disgusted look at his brother in the process. “Who else, indeed? I barely knew the woman.”
He remembers Roy Turner and his awful proposition earlier, then firmly shoves it out of his head. Not here. Not now. This moment is about them, at last, and he’s intensely grateful that he’s the one touching Sherlock for the first time, not some creepy old man with his insinuations about Sherlock’s mouth and related talents, as though Sherlock is the sort of person who would do that sort of thing for pay. The very thought of it is debasing and John resolves fiercely to never, ever touch or speak to Sherlock in a way that doesn’t accord him every bit of respect he deserves. It’s an honour to be allowed to touch him this way, to be allowed into this precious, private place of Sherlock’s vulnerability and inexperience. His trust. He will never break that trust again, ever. John’s mouth is on Sherlock as the thoughts pass through his head all at once, his hand stroking and stroking, loving the way Sherlock is gasping against his lips, his own touch procuring curl after curl of pleasure so thick that John can barely breathe around it. He wants to get Sherlock there first, though, and tips his head sideways to kiss Sherlock’s long throat, feeling the breath rushing through his trachea directly against his lips. The evening air is like a warm embrace around them and there is no one nearby, no one to witness this exquisite, intensely private first time for them. John tightens his grip and goes faster, Sherlock’s body quivering and wound tighter than a spring. He sucks at a patch of skin beneath Sherlock’s ear and Sherlock inhales sharply and comes, flooding John’s hand with it, his legs moving convulsively against John’s as his body spasms. “God, yes, that’s beautiful, you’re phenomenal,” John breathes, coaxing another pulse of it from Sherlock’s body.
Lucas cocks an ear at him. “What sort of problems? I ask because we’re constantly trying to improve our ability to read couples and their needs, so that we can provide better and more thorough counselling services. You know that this is a successful business we run here. I prefer the therapy to be successful as well.”
(Is he crying?) Sherlock swallows. “No,” he says, softly but firmly. “I’ve already left you alone for too long. I’m not leaving with you like this.”
“I’ve never thought otherwise. It will always be yours, or as much yours as you want it to be,” Sherlock says, his eyes on his menu now.
Sherlock’s parents look at each other. “As you like, then,” Sherlock father says, conceding.
“Okay.” Sherlock looks into his eyes and the sitting room becomes very quiet. He shifts his gaze from John’s right eye to his left, breathing audibly through his nose, his lips pressed together firmly. Then he leans forward and kisses John very briefly on the lips, retreating as quickly as possible. He opens his eyes, grimacing. “That was rubbish, wasn’t it.”
“No! Don’t – just stay right there,” Sherlock requests. He finds John’s hand and grips it. “I love having you inside me,” he says after a moment or two, the confession sounding a bit small. “It’s – I love it.”
The air in the room seems to have evaporated and John feels like he can’t breathe. He cannot say these words. He thrusts the clipboard back at Richard, on his feet without realising he stood up. “I’m – sorry,” he says jerkily to Lee. “I’m – I’m suddenly feeling quite unwell. Excuse me.” He makes for the door, cutting across the circle, then stops, turning back. “Sherlock – I might need you to call someone – a doctor or something,” he says, his voice unsteady.
Sherlock is watching him almost warily from the door, his coat and shoes already on, in spite of the warmth of the summer day. Maybe the coat is meant to protect his back this time. “Shall we?” Sherlock asks, though his voice is still tight.
Sherlock turns back to the phone, hesitates, then says, “Actually, Mummy, there’s something else I should mention.” He pauses, listening, then says, “No, no – nothing like that. In fact… I just wanted to tell you that John and I are – together, now. No, not like – yes. Like a couple. Yes.” Another pause. My eyes are on him, almost holding my breath. After a moment, he rolls his eyes. “Yes, I know you did, but it was never like that. Not then. But it is now.” He meets my eyes now, and smiles. “Thank you,” he says into the phone. “Yes. I’m very happy. We both are.” Another pause. “Yes, of course you can tell Dad. You know what, you might as well tell Mycroft, too. Better you than me.” Pause. “Thank you.” Another pause, then Sherlock says, “All right, then, see you Friday,” and disconnects.
“Well, that was tedious,” Sherlock says,
They finish with Volkov in half an hour and leave him to slide back into morphine-induced sleep before visiting Smirnov.
, but that seemed to have resulted in John and Lestrade exchanging those odd looks rather than reassuring anyone of John’s importance. He sighs.
Sherlock heaves a sigh. “Bravo, Mycroft. Thank you for that. It wasn’t already bad enough without your ‘help’.”
The next morning I wake with a raging hard-on and we have sex the instant we’re both awake, me curled behind Sherlock and thrusting into the crease of his arse as I jerk him off, and we both come hard. That night I try the medium-sized plug after he’s stepped out of the shower we had together and sleep with it in all night, too. The third night, I don’t have a chance to escape Sherlock’s notice, so I give it a miss, but the next morning, Thursday, Sherlock notices that we’re out of milk and says he’s going to go to the shop on the corner to get some, so I shut myself in the loo and try the third size up. It’s only a tiny bit bigger than the last one, so it’s not too bad. It’s snug for sure, but I don’t mind, I think, zipping up my jeans and washing my hands. I’m back in my chair at the kitchen table with the paper by the time he gets back with the milk, as though I never moved.
It’s so unfiltered that John’s heart throbs in his chest. “I know,” he says, trying to pulls all of his own walls down in turn. “I feel the same way. I just want this.”
“No.” He didn’t mean it to sound sharp, but it does, a bit. “I was going to start supper.”
Rosie chooses that moment to wake and begins to fuss. John reaches for her and lifts her out of the carrier and bounces her on his knee a little, pressing a kiss to the top of her head and making soothing sounds. Sherlock watches him and feels his heart ache with affection and sorrow both. They talked about this for hours and John is very sure that if David wants her, then he has the right to take her, and that it would be the best thing for Rosie, anyway. Nevertheless, it’s a loss for him, especially when compounded with his guilt over how little time he’s already spent with the child.
“Hello,” Sherlock says, smiling back, and John moves over to kiss him.
By half-past four that afternoon, the remains of two bodies have been identified in the ravine as two of their missing persons, and Paul Cunningham has made a full confession confirming the murders of five others, two here at Ravine Valley, two in London, and one in Milton Keynes. From the dates he gives in the confession, the first two ravine victims will have been fully decomposed by now, the process accelerated by the swiftly-flowing stream at the bottom of the long drop. A total of twelve men, including Jeremy Davidson, were sold to the traffickers at a huge profit: two pairs, and eight individuals, spanning a range of five years. Paul’s confession claims his involvement only for the past three years. He also claims to have been involved with Lucas for the past two, matching Todd’s suspicions.
John thinks of the two years that Sherlock spent on the run and decides not to say anything about this. Or all the nights they’ve fallen asleep on a stake-out or in the back of Lestrade’s cruiser, or a taxi after a long and exhausting case. Sherlock can sleep anywhere, even a prison cell bench too short for his long legs. “Okay,” he says. “How was the gallery?”
Sherlock looks at John, who looks at the other doctor. “Can you carry on?” he asks. “We’ve got the poisoner.”
The silence left in his wake is almost eloquent. Sherlock risks a look at John to find him staring moodily at the thumb drive, bent forward, his hands clasped, elbows leaning on his thighs. Suddenly there isn’t enough oxygen in the room and Sherlock needs to not be in it. “I’ll just – be back soon,” he says vaguely, already moving toward his coat. He stops just at the top of the stairs, pausing just in case John has some verbal reaction to this, but he doesn’t say a word.
They move to the next people and Sherlock starts grilling them, two young men with a sixteen-month-old baby in a buggy. John eyes them with some interest, but gets distracted by the sudden feeling of being watched. He lifts a hand to the back of his neck and scratches it, casually glancing around in a general sweep. He didn’t bring his Sig, didn’t think he’d need it, but suddenly he wishes he had its familiar weight in the small of his back. He doesn’t see anything. Perhaps talking about a kidnapped child is just making him feel paranoid. He refocuses on the conversation just in time for Sherlock to send the male couple home. He notices that Sherlock is a little nicer to the two of them than he sometimes is, but keeps the observation to himself. He watches them go, the taller one putting an arm around the shoulders of his partner, the other returning the gesture with an arm about his waist, both of them pushing the buggy with their free hands.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Sherlock says, sounding a bit aloof. “I wouldn’t do that to you. Especially not when we’d planned to go to The Atrium. That would be more than unusually cruel.”
The group hastily disperses. Sherlock sees two couples heading into the nearest men’s room – at the same time, interestingly – but John is tugging him with determination back in the direction of the north guest wing, which is about as far away as possible – agonisingly far, given both their physical states. Sherlock feels light-headed with arousal and practically giddy, stumbling along after John to the best of his ability, given how hard he is. They’ve only just made it into the room when John slams the door behind them, locks it, then drops to his knees and yanks Sherlock’s trousers and underwear jointly down to the floor, his erection bobbing upward the instant it’s freed from the confines of his clothing.
John pats the bed beside Rosie. “Come on,” he says. “Get down here.”
They’ve just finished eating when John’s phone buzzes in the pocket of his jeans with a text. He pulls it out, frowning a little. It’s Greg.
John smiles. “True. All right, then.” He pushes the other bowl toward Sherlock, who duly tips a large amount of jam into it. “I think we’re set now,” John says, and carries the plate of scones back into the sitting room. “So what did you do after brunch? Or did you just eat really late?”
“Like this?” Sherlock gets out, meaning with John on his back, and John nods.
It’s six by the time they get back to Baker Street, worried and no closer to an answer than they were before. “You were wonderful,” John says as the taxi drives away. “The way you were with Mrs Blackwell – I was so impressed with you, Sherlock.”
It’s been nothing but bliss ever since, and Sherlock feels in his gut that they’re beyond danger now, illogical as that may be. He can’t help it: he simply feels certain. There is only one more major point of discussion to be had, and he intends to raise it today, at last. It’s time.
Mary finds Molly’s other hand and pulls it to her other breast, then puts both of hers on Molly’s again. “Squeeze,” she says, and when Molly does it, Mary bends forward and kisses her again, this time with tongue.
John reaches up to touch his face, still unable to grasp that he’s allowed to do so, his fingertips pressing into the sharp line of Sherlock’s cheekbone, finding out for the first time in all these years what it feels like at last. “Like what?”
Sherlock gives Ella a sharp look, obviously wanting her to agree for John’s sake, so she backs off immediately. “Of course,” she says. “This was just meant to create a safe-feeling context to discuss some of this, because it
A mental image of Sherlock and John together that way flashes through her mind and Molly feels as though she’s going to be ill. “But you said – you thought that Sherlock is – inexperienced,” she manages to get out around the red haze filling her mouth and eyes.
Later on they choose Sherlock’s date ensemble, and Sherlock gets ready to go. He crouches to tie his shoelaces as John hovers near the door, then straightens up. “I’ll be back in the morning,” he says.
“She did, but it was useless,” Sherlock says dismissively. “It’s literally every employee who works here. And they don’t log the date or time. I’d like to know how the killer lured Rowan Evans up a back lift like that, but I don’t suppose we’ll ever know.”
– John – !” His hips stutter forward, the rhythm breaking. John reaches down to take him in hand and Sherlock comes the minute he’s touched, his cock surging in John’s hand and then there’s wetness striping up John’s forearm and onto his chest. Sherlock gasps and spurts again and John keeps on touching him throughout, so turned on he can hardly breathe, the air turning to fire in his lungs. Sherlock’s hand is there, though, fingers curling him in a grip so perfectly tight that John almost whimpers. Still panting from the strength of his climax, Sherlock jerks him expertly, the very size of his hand adding even more fuel to the flame. On his sixth or seventh stroke, John’s breath chokes off in his throat and his hand closes around Sherlock’s and grips it hard as he loses control and shoots off absolutely everywhere.
same sound,” he says. “I’m almost positive.”
The case. John’s almost forgotten about it. “Hmm,” he says. “I suppose the former will crack eventually. For the latter, it could be quite hard to trace if it’s a burn phone, I suppose.”
Mrs Hudson is fiddling with rows of ornaments she’s laid out on the coffee table, their things shifted to one side. She looks up with delight. “That
His face crumples and he bends forward, exhaling hard. “Fuck. I completely forgot about that thing.
He volleys back and forth with Mycroft as the nameless assistant cuts his hair and shaves off his stubble (straight razor as he requested; he loathes having stubble) but has thought for only one thing: John. He can hear Mycroft’s underlying warning to stay away, but that simply isn’t possible. John is the one thing that Mycroft would never be capable of understanding. There is no way to explain the connection between them those last few months at Baker Street, the constant strain surrounding them that was covering something else, something which he didn’t understand properly until far too late, made real in the hands of a virtual stranger.
“You know,” John says, almost belligerently, “I wasn’t looking to start an affair. I went back. I kept my word. But it was just –
Vee sees Sherlock look across to his brother. “I suppose that isn’t a coincidence, brother mine,” he says, the sarcasm thick. “Trying to make amends, are we?”
“Thanks,” John says, under his breath. “You didn’t have to.”
“Right, yeah.” Lestrade is distracted by this misdirection and takes out his phone to forward the information to Sherlock. “You two want a lift?”
Sherlock agrees readily. “Red or white? I think we have both. That chianti that Henderson’s widow gave us a couple of weeks ago, and that Riesling we bought. We still have the second bottle.”
John is good to his word and returns immediately, though. He’s taken off his suit jacket, too, and is carrying something. He holds it up. “Recognise this?”
The lift arrives and they get in after waiting for an elderly couple to exit. The doors close and Sherlock glances at him. “Never?”
,” he says. He wipes his hands surreptitiously on his trousers.
Sherlock’s breathing shifts and he stirs, waking, his mouth smacking once or twice. “John?” His voice is scratchy and sleepy, yet apparently John is still the first thing he thinks of, and this makes John’s heart expand enormously.
John bites his lip. “Can I ask…?”
My hands are on his lapels. “Mmm,” I respond dreamily, looking up into his eyes.
Sherlock looks happily around the beautiful little cottage that he resented so deeply not even an hour ago. He still feels nearly dizzy with the speed at which this has all come about, but he wouldn’t change it for anything. An hour ago, he was breaking his heart over some woman he thought John had planned to come here with. Now he’s already lost count of how many times he’s been permitted to kiss John, and they’ve already done
For some reason, this makes John sigh. “I know, and it was. I’m pretty sure, at least. Although, who knows. People believe in all sorts of shit.”
Ah: here it is, then: the source of their current contention, and the real reason for their visit. Ella crosses her legs the other way. “I see,” she says. She looks at both of them. “Have there been – attempts?”
been there before?”
Sherlock joins him a moment, turning to face away from John as usual and switching off the lamp, so John puts his phone down and does the same. “You don’t need to,” Sherlock says, without looking back at him. “Take your time.”
Sherlock finds the schedule and consults it. “There’s a ‘meet-and-greet’ in the front lobby at half past eleven, then lunch at noon, followed by our first circle meeting.” Peripherally he can see that John is stripping off his shirt, so he studiously keeps his eyes on the paper in his hand.
Two kilometres further, John stops and crouches down. “Sherlock,” he says, his tone different. “Come see this.”
John watches, and notices that Sherlock’s watching it, too, and jealousy flares in his chest like fire. It’s obvious enough to him that Sherlock finds Greg attractive, whereas it hasn’t seemed to even register that Stacey has a body – though he could likely spit out her measurements if asked, in the same way that he could estimate the dimensions of the hot tub itself. Greg, on the other hand, has caught his interest and John is fuming inwardly with both jealousy and a wretched feeling of inadequacy compared to Greg, who has to be at least twelve years his junior and ten centimetres taller.
“I just got here – five minutes ago,” Sherlock says swiftly, obviously trying to reassure him.
“Oh?” John feels his eyebrows rise. “Do tell.”
John frowns at his name tag but doesn’t comment on this. He writes
“I never stopped ‘being enthusiastic’,” John says, with some exasperation. “I just got – distracted. Thrown off by the vividly tangible evidence of exactly what my decisions have put Sherlock through. I’ve obviously been struggling with feeling like I’m worth being forgiven for any of it, and to have that sudden reminder right then was – was like a bucket of ice water.”
John glances at it. “Seems fine to me. By ‘set up’, I gather you mean that you’re just sticking it there and plugging it in.”
“Maybe not in the car, but we won’t get there in time on foot, and besides, we can’t even see well enough to know what we’d be running through,” John points out. “So – turn left just up here. If they’re collecting the parachuter, they’ve got to be getting away in a vehicle of some sort, wouldn’t you think?”
“Good morning,” Sherlock says evenly, turning a page. “There’s coffee. And yes, I did.” He picks up his phone. “Do you want to hear what I said?”
John’s heart attempts to turn over in his chest and for a second he can’t speak, so he just nods.
John swallows yet again and keeps going, adding another finger. Sherlock’s body is hot and tight around his fingers and the very notion of having his cock in that same heat is almost impossible to even imagine right now without putting himself in serious danger of coming completely untouched.
, Sherlock – ”
Sherlock looks at him in slight surprise, but John appears to mean it. “All right,” Sherlock says cautiously, and John smiles.
John smiles at him again. They could talk about the session and everything Ella had to say, and they probably will. Later. Right now, it’s their time. They’ve waited so long to have it, and paid so very dearly for it, that it would be a shame to waste it now. Not that the grief is a waste of time, but there are times for everything. And right now, it’s time for this. God knows he’s ready for it, and so is Sherlock.
“With Sherlock.” It wasn’t a question this time. “And what about Rosie? What will you do with her?”
We pick our way through the masses of evacuated shoppers on the pavements and walk for a few blocks before stopping to hail a cab. “That was short, but not entirely pointless, now that I know what sort of effect sexy lingerie has on you,” Sherlock says, still looking rather pleased with himself over the entire thing.
, he’d said again, then changed the subject.
“I want you to be a part of it, though,” John says firmly. “I mean that, Sherlock. It’s a big deal. It affects you a whole lot. So let me just say that part right here and now: I have no intention of ever depriving either of us of this, ever again. Which means that you’re a part of this decision.”
One of the other cooks clears her throat. “All I remember is that whatever it was, we must have either had the meat in fresh or already taken it out of the freezer much earlier, because the coroner said he must have been in there for at least four hours, and no one saw him during lunch. So whatever we made for lunch that day also must have been in the fridge already.”
“I know I am,” John says fervently, his arms still around Sherlock’s back. “God, Sherlock – I was
John pulls back just far enough to look him in the eyes, just barely visible in the darkened cottage. “Was that on the tarmac?” he asks, already knowing.
Their next kiss goes on for some time, until John remembers where they are and attempts to pull himself together a bit. “Do you have a way out of here?” he asks. “I’ve got nothing. Absolutely nothing. No transportation, no gun, hardly any money, no language skills, no knowledge of my surroundings – nothing.”
Sherlock straightens up, looking faintly triumphant. “So it
She does. It only takes four days in the end. “Hello darling,” she says breezily. “Sorry it’s been awhile. I was out of town.”
John swallows hard. “Okay.” He can’t get his voice to function above a whisper.
“Well, as you said, he was quite shaken up there,” John points out. “I’ve never seen him so incapable before.”
Sherlock and John wander back to their room, hand-in-hand, and if John’s face is anything to go by, then he’s as happy as Sherlock currently feels. On the one hand, it feels ridiculous – they’ve got a case on. Lives are at stake. But on the other hand, their charade of being a couple has just stopped being a charade at long, long last, years of misunderstandings and grave injury to one another have been resolved, and it feels only just to give this its due. Besides, they’ve been specifically instructed to maintain their cover, and they are. When they reach their room, John turns and pulls Sherlock into his arms and kisses him for a very good, very long moment. It’s precisely what Sherlock was thinking about and wanting, and he kisses back with strength, both hands on John’s face. John’s hands are on his sides, stroking up and down, firmly enough not to be ticklish, and it feels like sinking directly back into the place they both wanted to be throughout that entire session. They kiss and kiss and there’s no hurry to it, just a great deal of enthusiasm and feeling, and Sherlock lets himself wallow in it freely.
John listens to this, but still doesn’t understand. “I don’t – tell me more,” he requests. “What chaos was that? I still don’t understand why you jumped.”
“We will, but you’ve got to give us more details,” I tell him, trying to mask my impatience. “You were at Candella’s for tea after a long day of shopping. You and – what’s your wife’s name?”
“Right,” John says. “So: that wasn’t an accident. I was very much trying to, Sherlock. I was trying to push the limits, see how far it could go before either you commented on it and we had to talk, or it just – crossed the line by itself.”
“It’s the perfect napping sofa,” Sherlock agrees. “If you’re sure, then… let me at least get you a pillow. And I have a spare blanket in the closet in my room. Hold on.” He goes down the corridor to the bedroom to have a look and comes back with a pillow and blanket, plus a spare top sheet to put down on the leather, make it softer for John. When he comes back to the sitting room, he finds John sitting in one of the desk chairs, still blinking sleepily. “Here we are,” Sherlock says, endeavouring to sound brisk. “I’ll just – get this sorted.” He spreads out the sheet, then puts down the pillow and remembers that John usually sleeps with two, and props it up with the Union Jack cushion from his chair. He spreads out the blanket, then steps back and gestures. “There you go. Your old toothbrush is still in the bathroom and you can use my razor if you want to shave in the morning.”
Ella feels a slow smile beginning. “Can you?” she says. “That’s wonderful, John. I can’t tell you how pleased I am for you.” She thinks of Sherlock, waiting downstairs. “For you both,” she adds, and means it.
Gary goes to the microphone and explains the premise of the workshop, which has to do with strengthening their commitment to the ideals of marriage, heterosexuality in general, and in getting their mindsets ready to do their part in modelling the correct lifestyle. He introduces their circle leaders, then turns the workshop over to them.
, then says, “Call me John, please. Yeah. That was – an interesting, er, phase for us. We’re… trying to move past it.”
There is no light anywhere. Sherlock switches off the motor and reaches for his cup of coffee. They found travel mugs in one of the cupboards and when John suggested they make and bring coffee along, he agreed. The sightings have all been reported between midnight and three, so they could have a long wait. He doesn’t particularly need the coffee to keep alert but wanted to appear amenable. They’re stopped at the side of the road, a place without any hedge to press up against the SUV. A deep quiet falls over them, but somehow Sherlock senses that, while it’s no less charged than before, something about it is different.
Justin, sitting one row ahead of them, looks over at him. “Not necessarily,” he says. “I mean, typically both my partner and I prefer bottoming, sexually, but I wouldn’t say that either of us is particularly dominant or submissive. We can both be bossy both in bed and in our relationship, and we can both defer to what the other person wants.”
Suddenly it’s too much. John feels the frustration all but bursting in himself. “Do you know, I think I’m going to go for a walk,” he says tersely. “Get some air.”
The oven timer begins to beep some time later, startling them both. Sherlock pulls away at last, but doesn’t move to get up. Instead, he pushes all five fingers of his right hand into John’s hand and looks at him with something very much like wonder. “
“Touch me the way he touched you,” John murmurs when he gets an opportunity to. “And I’ll do the same to you.”
Jodie laughs. “So it would seem. Pity it’s not more obvious with women… my Dan has to ask every single time, the idiot.” She sounds fond, though. “Well, maybe you should think it over, see if you can think of anything that might have made him think that it was a bad idea. It seems pretty clear that he’s avoiding you. Have you solved your case, by the way?”
Sherlock shakes his head a little. “It’s all right now,” he reminds John. “Anyway, when I was there, she said that Mycroft had been by, with an offer of help about Rosie.”
A muscle twitches in Sherlock’s jaw. “Yes,” he says shortly. “I’m aware.” He turns away from John, eyes on his dessert. “Suit yourself,” he says, his voice too controlled.
“Hey, it’s me,” says Corey Graham’s famous voice. He sounds apologetic. “Uh, have you seen the headlines?”
He stops. In the distance across the field on his side of the car, two flashes of light have just appeared in the sky. John sees them, too. “Did you see that?” he wants to know, though he must know that Sherlock already has, as he’s starting the car.
Sherlock relaxes tangibly into his arms and against his front. John waits to see if he’ll want to talk about the case or how he’s feeling about it now that it’s safely dark, but he still doesn’t. Instead, the fatigue catches up with both of them and they’re asleep before John has even stopped thinking about it.
me. I’ve… never held any particular attachment to the notion of sexual orientation as identity, never gave it much passing thought, apart from the specific subject of you. I’ve never… joined any movement, marched in any parades. But being here among these dreadful people and their toxic ideology has made me want, rather fiercely, to shove it in their faces. Tell them that I prefer men and that I’m not ashamed of it and never have been. That’s there’s nothing wrong with me, that I don’t need their brainwashing ‘cures’ or to reproduce like an upstanding citizen of any nation. And it’s made me all the more impatient to be able to tell you openly how I feel, how I’ve felt for ages, more urgently than I’ve felt in the past. I mean… there have always been times when I silently wished it could be the case, that such a declaration on my part would have been welcome. Reciprocated. But I never did. I never thought it was remotely realistic, to be quite frank, so I firmly suppressed any such notion every time it presented itself. This week has brought it to the forefront and our conversation last night led to the words spilling right out of my mouth in a way I never intended.”
John considers. “Maybe just loosen it, so that I can get at your shoulders.”
“I wanted to eat with you,” Sherlock states plainly, his eyes rising to meet John’s, his voice very even. “Problem?”
“Sure,” John says easily. “I’ll just give them a quick wash. The potatoes are probably ready now.”
“No,” Sherlock says quickly. He glances at the doorway, but they’re still alone. He lowers his voice. “I was just – sorry it had to end so quickly. Not that – I don’t mean that we – ” He stops and rakes his fingers through his hair, which doesn’t improve it, blowing out his breath. “I mean after. I was regretting that that part was – cut short.”
He leans his forehead against the cool glass. He’s made a colossal mess of everything. He knew that John had never forgiven him for that day at Bart’s Hospital, but he hadn’t known exactly how deep the anger and resentment ran. And now he’s compounded it, quite probably, in his accusation that John stopped believing in him. Why shouldn’t he have, given what he thought Sherlock had done to him? He shouldn’t have said it aloud, though. Perhaps that was one step too far.
John pauses. “It’s about three hours,” he admits. “I know it’s not super close, but… if you could, I… I could really use your – help. When I get there, I mean.”
“I don’t recall having asked for your commentary,” he says sharply. “We’ve hired a nanny. Giles Jenkins. He’s ex-military, from John’s division, medical corps. He’s been vouched for and vetted. We’ve already begun renovations on 221C. He’ll live there as on-call overnight care and keep an eye on Mrs Hudson, too. We’ve considered the situation from every possible angle and we’ve done our homework.”
He wants to write more, try to explain himself, but the speaker is looking at him and scowling a bit and this isn’t the time or place. He presses send, then looks across the way at Sherlock, watching for his response.
“In here,” John says, and Sherlock appears in the doorway. “Thought I’d put the kettle on,” he explains, as though justifying himself.
Kyle agrees and runs off. Todd’s office is in the other administrative corridor, and it’s very possible that he hasn’t heard the commotion. They find him checking his email. Sherlock knocks at the door, and Todd looks up and smiles at them. “Hello gents,” he says, and Sherlock almost hates to be the one to knock the smile off his pleasant, gentle face.
Their lips are almost touching. Sherlock hears himself laugh, his voice low and admittedly aroused-sounding. “Does that mean I’m topping or bottoming tonight?”
“Thank you,” Sherlock says. “Bit of a change from the last time I was here.”
“Right, and she said she was free all evening,” John says, grinning. “What do you feel like?”
“Yes, but if I did get her something, when would I… give it to her?” Sherlock presses, almost holding his breath.
“I wouldn’t mind one,” Sherlock says. “I didn’t want to shower at Corey’s, somehow. It would have felt odd. You can go first, though. I’ll go down and see if Mrs Hudson is about.”
“Don’t you all work, except for Mrs Hudson?” Ella had probed.
John goes through the next several days on tenterhooks, trying to keep it to himself that he’s scrutinising every moment of every interaction to see whether or not anything is different, whether there are any new undercurrents of romance between them, any more of that borderline flirting. If Sherlock is different at all. Everything seems the same, though. It’s not awkward because of their new thing of sleeping with John holding Sherlock from the start every night now, but it’s also not anything… more. It is a bit disappointing, John admits to himself. But at least it isn’t worse, or hasn’t made anything strange. And as far as he can tell, Sherlock hasn’t had a single recurrence of his trauma nightmares since this new arrangement started. That’s good, at least.
Sherlock considers her. “Were you alone at the time?” he asks curiously.
“I didn’t see one, but I’ll check,” the other says smoothly without so much as a flicker of an eyelash.
Sherlock had already opened his mouth to bring it up, and closes it now. “All right,” he says, a bit stung. “I wasn’t going to – make a production of it.”
When he refuses to shoot either Mycroft or John in favour of turning the gun on himself, Eurus lashes out. He pulls her dart from his neck and even as he examines it, the darkness rises up around him and pulls him into its sticky embrace. When he wakes, he is alone, and this is his first point of concern: where is John? The answers all come together: the girl on the plane, Eurus’ song, Eurus herself, and John, John who is chained to the bottom of a well. It’s all mixed together in a horrifying nightmare that he has bare minutes to solve. His memory opens, stretches, pulls together the pieces of a realisation his seven-year-old mind could not handle at the time, but now he sees it. Only one thing is clear: he must reach Eurus before she ends John’s life. He tries to keep calm for John’s sake, rushing through the graveyard, the grounds, the house, his mind whirling and sorting and solving as rapidly as he knows how, and he solves it just in time.
John is weeping again. “It was unforgiveable. After everything you’ve done for me – and now that I know that you were saving me yet again, and I used it to accuse you of being a liar, when I never even held Mary accountable for it, when she never deserved my trust or forgiveness, and
They’re back at the cottage, Sherlock having laid out a case map on the coffee table for lack of any better place for it: John’s paper map marked with each sighting location, the Blackhall Rocks location, and a timeline of dates, numbers of flashes seen, as well as a printed list of every Russian name John could find in the local telephone directory. John himself is staring moodily at his laptop from the armchair opposite. Sherlock glances at him, then says into his phone screen, “Not particularly far, other than confirming that Marina Gubnitskaia was carrying a flashlight at the time of her landing. It’s suggestive that the other sightings may well have also been parachuters signalling people on the ground.”
She can’t; the rain or Mycroft’s car have swallowed him into the mist.
She’s crying. “Are you all right now?” she asks him, tears streaking down her cheeks.
She rolls her eyes. “It doesn’t matter. What do you want? Why are you here?”
The question forms on John’s lips at once. “Who – ”
Sherlock’s phone buzzes with a text. His heart gives a spasm of hope before he can squash it down with logical argument – John should be sleeping after his ordeal, surely – and turns on his side to reach for it. It’s not John. It’s his mother. Seeing her name on his screen puts an altogether different sensation into his chest.
“Of course,” Sherlock says, steeling himself against the natural inclination to feel self-conscious over admitting this. “Who else?”
“Exhilarated,” Sherlock says. “Vulnerable. Inexperienced. Self-conscious.”
Never mind. If Sherlock wants to tell him, he will. Maybe he’s revealed enough deeply personal and emotional stuff for the time being. John makes himself pay attention and they eventually decide on Indian. Comfort food, John thinks: delicious, deeply-satisfying comfort food. Maybe it’s what they both need after this particular conversation.
Sherlock manages to exhale and it’s not entirely steady. He nods, looking down at their joined hands for a moment, then meets John’s slightly anxious gaze. “When the time feels right, then,” he says, and John’s fingers tighten in his.
Not a thing goes wrong, which should be a miracle in and of itself, but it simply feels right. Everything is easy. They dispense with the superstition about not seeing each other before the ceremony, as they’ve already seen each other in their suits, and do the photo session before the festivities begin. That alone makes everything else easier. The ceremony is thirty-five minutes long, exactly as planned. Most of it fades immediately into a pleasant blur, except for the all-important moment wherein Sherlock speaks the words of the vows they wrote together and listens to John recite them after him, and when Todd prompts with the appointed question, Sherlock looks deeply into John’s eyes and says, his voice unwavering and steady, “I do.” Hearing John say it in turn makes every pore of his skin prickle and Sherlock bends to kiss him in a long, closed-lip kiss that is nonetheless one of their most passionate to date and dimly he registers that their assembled guests are cheering and applauding in the background. He drinks in John’s radiant eyes for a wonderfully intense moment after, then they both start to smile, unstoppably, and turn and wave at everyone. Sherlock takes in both his mother and father wiping their eyes, as well as Mrs Hudson. And a number of other people, including most of their friends. A deeper happiness than he has ever felt before wells in his chest and he grips John’s hand so hard it might be painful, but John is squeezing back just as hard, and when Sherlock looks at him again, he sees that John’s eyes are wet, too. The string quartet starts to play and that’s their cue. Hand-in-hand, they walk up the centre aisle and out of the room, where John immediately pulls him into his arms to kiss him again.
Sherlock is frowning at the screen. “Just got a request for a highly confidential case. They won’t say what it’s about. I’m supposed to call.”
“True.” John crosses one knee over the other and tries to look nonchalant as he glances around. Should they even be sitting together? Does that look ‘suspicious’ to these people? He glimpses Steven, the director, near the front, but they’re seated right in the middle and he hasn’t spared them so much as a glance. He does see the nice-ish couple that was sitting at the same table at breakfast, Dave and Kelly. They seem a bit too reasonable to be at a thing like this, but then it just goes to show that you can never tell when it comes to politics, John reflects. Or what’s considered acceptable from one society to another. Then again, England is full of nutters, too.
Harry gives him a pointed look. “We had her Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday this week, and you called to see if Liz could take her on Friday, too? Are you ever going to be available to raise your own child, John?”
John grins. “No?”
an admonishment. John ducks his chin. There’s a lot more she could say, he knows, but she’s always been kind enough not to. “Yeah,” he says. “I know. In that case… I guess I’ll go on up, just in case, and put this one to bed.”
Sherlock gives a modest shrug. “I rarely forget anything about you.” He clears his throat, but can feel John’s eyes on him and looks up after a moment. “What?” he asks, self-conscious now.
Sherlock’s jaw tightens a little. “Mary happened to it,” he says briefly.
Jodie shakes her head. “Just one, actually,” she says. “And I regretted having taken the job after the fact. Even during the fact, come to think of it.”
“I did,” Sherlock says cautiously, “but we don’t have to make that, John. And of course I didn’t buy pasta sauce. I bought the
John looks down at him and nods, their cocks throbbing together where they’re touching. “Anything,” he vows, and means it with his entire heart. He strokes Sherlock’s curls back from his hot forehead and bends to kiss him, starting to move against him at the same time. Sherlock gets even harder and the feel of it is intoxicating. John twists his hips and thrusts, Sherlock’s long fingers curving into the meat of his arse, his legs rubbing against John’s as he goes, and it’s better than anything John’s ever felt in his life. He’s rocking against Sherlock’s body, the pleasure thick in his throat and veins and cock. He can feel Sherlock leaking against him, the wetness of it making everything even hotter and slicker. His breath catches in his throat and it’s upon him before he even realised – he’s coming, his body spurting all over Sherlock, still thrusting against him and Sherlock lets out a long, low, breathless moan.
He shrugs. “In short bursts, maybe. Don’t castigate yourself. Neither of us was precisely nature’s first choice of parent material. But we’ll do the best we can, and my mother will do the rest.”
Sherlock blinks again. “May I?” he asks, his meaning very plain, and John bites his lip and nods.
They eat dinner and watch the movie in companionable silence, but Molly’s mind is still half on their conversation, as well as on the feeling of Mary’s warm hand cupping her breast. An hour into the film, the thunderstorm starts and nearly drowns out the DVD. Mary pauses it and gets up to go and look out the window. “It’s really coming down out there,” she comments. “You’ll get soaked going home.”
He stops abruptly, his mouth clamping shut again and he looks off sideways, out over the valley. “Or what?” Sherlock demands. His heart is in his throat. John doesn’t answer, swallowing visibly. Sherlock presses him. “You love me, or –
Sherlock wants to reach over and touch him, but some instinct tells him not to. Not yet, at least. “Go on,” he says, his voice very soft.
He keeps his moans to the lowest possible volume level, pushing unabashedly into John’s mouth. John holds up two fingers near Sherlock’s face and tells him to suck them.
He takes a deep breath, then puts his hand into Sherlock’s. The next moment he finds himself being hauled to his feet and into Sherlock’s arms, and it feels like coming home at last after having been stood out in the cold for years. He puts his arms around Sherlock’s back and the tears resurge into full flood. He’s sobbing, well beyond the point of his own control. Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind at all. His arms feel like a fortress around John, the only solid thing in this world of ghosts and ashes and rubble and he never wants to leave them.
“Spent with a bunch of Republicans droning on about ‘family values’ and other such nonsense,” Sherlock counters.
“Sure?” John asks, but Sherlock waves him off, so he goes to scoop up his daughter. “Come on, then, you,” he says. “Let’s get you changed and into bed, shall we?”
In response, John holds Sherlock open and fits the head of his penis to the right place, then gives a long, steady, careful push.
“No.” She rejects this out of hand. “I want to discuss all of it. What you and Rudy did. I want the details this time.”
“I’ve never heard you swear so much as just now,” John says, twining his legs around Sherlock’s all the more. “I like it. It’s hot.”
Sherlock sighs in response and turns away from the window. “Let’s not give him any tea.”
John looks at Vee and they both hurry after Mycroft, who is moving rather more quickly than usual. Sherlock, Rosie, and Desmond are in the back garden, Rosie pulling up fistfuls of grass and scattering them around herself. Sherlock looks up at once, his eyes going to John first, then to Mycroft. “What it is?” he asks, tense.
Sherlock takes a deep, not quite steady breath, his pulse thudding through his skin. “Okay,” he says, very uncertainly.
“Call off the police,” Banting orders. “We walk out of here free.”
Sherlock retrieves the baguette and brings it to the table on a wooden bread board and a long, serrated knife so that they can just cut off pieces in whatever size they each like. John is waiting politely by his chair, so Sherlock pulls his own out and they sit down. Sherlock lifts his glass of wine. “Bon appétit,” he says.
“We can do this, though,” Sherlock says, sounding confident. “It’s Wednesday night. We’ve still got two days.”
Sherlock sighs. “All right, go from the top: you were in the city – from where, by the way? I don’t believe you’ve said.”
He hadn’t known. He truly had not grasped that John cared for Mary as much as he did. He realises now that some part of him had always believed on some level that it was a bit of a façade, that John had married Mary more or less as a ‘safe’ option, as the accepted thing to do, but that somewhere beneath that, in some secret, unacknowledged place, John might have felt something for him. Everything that had existed between them, unspoken, throughout the whole of their original year and a half of living together, but particularly after the advent of The Woman: Sherlock had felt that it was intertwined with whatever else was causing the tension between them. Some part of him had firmly believed that any life John could have found apart from him, from
The drive into Sunderland was well-warranted: the city mortuary did indeed miss the skull tattoo, confirming Gubnitskaia’s membership in the Rosomakha. John’s internet searches of locally-based Russians have shown nothing of consequence. Discussing it over a late dinner in Sunderland, they agreed that their best option is to place themselves in the darkest, most isolated part of the countryside they can, possibly at one of the former sighting locations, and hope to catch the next arrival, possibly due tomorrow night.
There’s a small silence and he glances up to find Todd smiling at him, his face gentle. “Good,” he says softly. “Very good, everyone.”
? Is this a thinly-veiled reference to your breasts, or the fact that you turned up in my bed again?”
“I missed you,” John says with conviction, dropping his bags on the table as he makes his way across the kitchen. He backs Sherlock into the counter and kisses him soundly, and at length.
“That’s different,” Sherlock insists. “A date comes with specific types of pressure. I’m acutely aware of the difference. And what about after that? The second date? The entire spectrum of – physical involvement?” He shakes his head. “It’s not worth it for the… accompanying embarrassment.”
And yet, another voice argues, something would surely be better than nothing. Something is worth fighting for. He’ll do it for real, apologise properly. Say whatever John needs to hear, and mean it when he says it. Give John the right moment to allow himself to back down and accept it, if he seems to want to. It won’t be easy for him; John cannot allow himself to change his stance. He considers his word as good as a sworn oath, vital to his integrity, so it would have to be a very good reason to back down and accept Sherlock’s apology. Perhaps the right moment will present itself.
“You did,” Sherlock allows. “Then again, I also turned you down the night of our first dinner. As I said in my text, I didn’t even comprehend what it was then. Or what it would become, for me.”
John chances another look at him. “Not recently, then?”
The bait works: Sherlock half-turns and looks at him over his shoulder. The stance makes him look oddly vulnerable rather than guarded. “I suppose I could eat,” he begins, leaving the statement hanging.
“Agreed, unless he’s hiding,” Sherlock responds.
John studies him for a long time, blinking and swallowing hard. After a bit, he nods. “I almost think you’ve convinced me,” he says, and when he smiles, it feels like the sun coming out after months of rain.
John chuckles for some reason. “Yeah. Definitely. Right now, at least. Though maybe not one part of you.”
“No, just after eight,” Sherlock agrees. “We’ll have just missed the supper rush.”
“Didn’t know you had those with you,” John pants, as they jerk Rutherford to his feet. “I was just going to use a zip tie!”
clever, rather, John corrects himself. Because she’s still out there somewhere, God knows where, doing God knows what. She knew that he didn’t love her anymore and she just planned her own escape, preferably one that would leave him feeling abjectly guilty forever and destroy his friendship with Sherlock as a bonus. Oh, he doesn’t doubt that. For all the chumminess the two of them had going on the surface, he did actually see that it was at least partly feigned. For his sake? Maybe. Probably, he reflects.
John reaches over and finds the lube, still uncapped, and manages to squeeze some into his hand. He rubs it directly onto Sherlock’s cock, which hardens still further in his hand, then guides it to where it needs to go, his eyes on Sherlock’s the entire while. Sherlock pushes himself slowly, slowly inside, gasping in lungfuls of air that he can’t seem to exhale again, his hips shuddering forward in sheer, unfiltered need, and John wills his body to relax enough to allow it, feeling pierced, spitted, invaded in the best of ways, as Sherlock’s cock fills him. It’s absolutely incredible, though, this sensation of being completely joined to Sherlock is a way he’s never experienced before. This is a brand new experience for both of them, he realises, even as he gasps, sweat beading at his temples, hands pulling Sherlock even deeper into him, his knees gripping Sherlock’s sides, one foot hooked under his arse.
John glances at her. “About this place? These views? Yes. Definitely. And if my daughter were to grow up to be something other than strictly straight, I can only hope that I’ll be whatever she needs me to be.”
“Indeed,” Sherlock agrees soberly. “Well: at least you have access to her finances now, save for that two million pound draft.”
They elbow their way inside, both wearing their name badges as well as their conference passes as dictated by the information packet, and find their way to table sixteen. There are several other people there and they introduce themselves. John attempts to memorise their names, particularly as Sherlock has assumed expression of vague politeness and immediately glazed over once the names start. Marjorie and Jim are a couple in their forties, both plain, round, nice-looking people. Greg and Stacey are in their late twenties and look like they just came from the ski slopes, tanned and fit and enviably good-looking. The fifth person at the table is by herself and introduces herself as Jodie Branson, a wedding planner there on business. John and Sherlock introduce themselves and John is immediately and uncomfortably aware that they’re the only same-sex couple at the table. Well, “couple”, but what does it matter? These people certainly all think it, which is rather the point.
That does it. “Yes – !!” It’s too late for warnings. John’s hips punch forward and he comes in streams into Sherlock’s mouth, his balls practically leaping, it’s so strong. He feels Sherlock swallowing around him, his long throat moving, still sucking as more of it comes, his lips and tongue rubbing at him until he’s completely spent.
Sherlock listens as Avi starts off by talking about housework versus their jobs, feeling that he comes second to Andrew’s work, and Andrew responds by talking about Avi’s reluctance to adopt a child. Avi responds by saying that Andrew works too much and would never be around to be a parent, yet he’s the one pushing the idea.
John watches him chewing and puts the other half in his mouth, more aware of Sherlock than he is of the pastry, the cream, and the chocolate combining in his mouth. He swallows. “Good, isn’t it?” he asks. There’s a tiny smear of chocolate at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth that he can’t seem to stop looking at. (For God’s sake. Pull it together!)
“Reasons,” John says, and resumes sucking, and Sherlock decides he prefers the sucking to a proper answer and doesn’t pursue this.
Mrs Hudson almost winces. “I do rather think he is,” she says. “Rosie’s to be with Molly and her parents until the new year, he said, and he’s been doing laundry and I saw that big suitcase out… I think he’s going on the twenty-third.”
John shakes her by the shoulders, though not as hard as he could have. “What were you thinking?” he demands. “Why would you do this to us?”
Sherlock had swallowed the spoonful of chocolate mousse he’d been eating and said, “It’s up to you,” as neutrally as he could muster it.
“Check on name changes anywhere in the country in the past five years for a Peter Smith.”
“Mary hated this,” he says, a huff of laughter coming out. “She took it as a dig. As I’m sure you intended her to.”
John can’t help the shudder this time. “That’s disturbing.”
She’s sharp as a tack. John gives a sheepish wince. “Right, yeah,” he says, feeling like an idiot.
Sherlock hesitates. “Yes,” he says slowly. “She was my friend.”
They’re all in the sitting room when Mycroft shows up without warning the following afternoon. John is sitting on the sofa next to Sherlock, their legs tangled together, and he’s got an arm around Sherlock’s shoulders. He’s reading a novel, one selected from their carefully-organised collection, and Sherlock is perusing case offers on his blog. Rosie is in her playpen, banging plastic blocks together. When they hear the outer door, they both stiffen, but then Sherlock says, listening, “My brother.”
Miraculously, a cab swerves over on his first try and he gets in, fumbling with his phone to procure the address. It’s in Kennington, on the South Bank. “Hurry,” John tells the driver, and sits back, his heart pounding, the anticipated spike of adrenaline already surging through his veins. Plus, he’s also pleased about it having interrupted Sherlock and Corey’s day, whatever they had planned. This is unkind, but he can’t help it. John drums his fingers on his knee and watches the city passing by until the cab stops in a dodgy-looking back street, a cautious distance away from the yellow-taped crime scene.
The facilitator comes over to John and offers him a hand getting up, which John takes. Sherlock glances at him and their eyes meet just for a second before Sherlock looks back at Lee and nods. “Of course,” he says neutrally, and the three of them file out of the bathroom.
Sherlock wordlessly steps out of his shoes and comes to lie down on the other side of the child, an inverted comma completing the other half of the circle they’ve made around Rosie, his arm reaching around to hold them both. He’s still wearing his coat and John is in his jacket, and it doesn’t matter. Safe and clean and warm at last, Rosie is already nodding off. John feels himself slipping, too. Sherlock’s arm is warm and for the moment it feels as though they’re all safe.
They drink the shiraz, finishing it as coffee is served with dessert, which is chocolate mousse torte layered with rich ganache in Sherlock’s case and lemon blueberry cheesecake in John’s. Sherlock subtly checks his phone when it buzzes at twenty minutes to seven. Scott has texted
He stops, waiting for John to withdraw the contents of the envelope and find it. John rifles through the pages, then goes back to the start. “From Barclay’s?” He studies the page in question. “This – what is this? A draft?”
Aliyah and Kimberly exchange a look. “It’s true, though,” Aliyah says, her honey-sweet voice taking the sting out of it. “I would have thought you two were just friends, or colleagues.”
John shakes his head. “I don’t know. And their ages are scattered, too. Jimmy is five, Katie is three, Siya is two. Is there any kind of mathematical or numerological pattern of two-three-five?”
. He didn’t have to forgive me. He didn’t have to let me come home. He didn’t have to still love me after all of that, and still want me enough to take his courage in both hands and finally be the one to break the silence. He is everything,
, as he said to John upon his return, all but pleading with him to come back to him, to more than their hobby of solving cases together, but to their very life together: this life. He did understand it, in a way. He’d said
“The hell there isn’t,” Sherlock says, and although it’s breathless, he finds and holds John’s gaze. “Do you
Sherlock shakes his head very slightly, his lips compressing. “I don’t know yet,” he says, his face closed.
It’s the third couple that came in, one of the pairs definitely older than he and John, Sherlock notices. The one called Doug introduces them both as Doug and Brad respectively. Doug gruffly informs them that they’re looking to find their spark again. Boring. Typical. Predictable, Sherlock thinks.
They make their way to the farmhouse and ring the bell. A man comes to the door, dressed in an ancient pair of jeans and a ripped and grubby jumper. “Hello,” he says. “Can I help you?”
John knows that she feels awkward out of her own territory, but isn’t sure whether turning down her offer would be kind or feel like being shut out. “Sure, if you’d like to put that on the table, that’d be great!” he says, holding out the dish of asparagus.
“Congratulations!” Their voices overlap each other’s. “Who asked who?” John wants to know.
It feels like a scene out of a film, John thinks blurrily as they stumble into the ornate bedrooms. He closes the door, still kissing Sherlock as deeply as he knows how, cocooning them in privacy. If he’d thought it might be awkward or complicated, he was wrong. It feels natural, every part of it, from searching out every corner of Sherlock’s body, touching every inch of his skin with his lips and hands and tongue, taking him into his mouth for the first time, the dusky salt tang somehow already piercingly familiar. This taste belongs to him and him alone, he knows, and the thought makes his chest throb fiercely. Sherlock is writhing and panting above him, and when his voice rises, John lets up. He shifts upward to claim Sherlock’s mouth again, curling his hand around Sherlock’s cock in replacement. It’s an easy thing to get his fingers slicked up, a condom rolled jointly onto him, their fingers tangling, to feel his way into Sherlock’s body, feeling every minute reaction on Sherlock’s part in his mouth, in the way his breath stutters. It only takes murmurs of exchange, question, affirmation, again with each new step, and by the time Sherlock opens his eyes, John is harder than granite.
“Douglas, is it?” Sherlock asks imperiously.
“I would
felt it, too, that I was the one pulling at the very fabric of our life by doing this other thing. And another thing: it was always better with you, you know.”
error. I thought she was someone who enjoyed baking and cats and having a light-to-moderate level discussion about politics now and then. Instead, she turned out to be someone who killed people for money. Not politics, not patriotism or a genuinely just cause, like standing up for the oppressed or something: just money. Every time I debated with myself over whether or not to go back to her, after she shot Sherlock, that’s the block that kept coming back to trip me up. It was never some kind of noble sacrifice. It was for
“Yes, but I thought she made the same sound four minutes ago,” Sherlock says. His voice is tight.
Sherlock nods. “Yes. Of course,” he says. He looks into John’s eyes for a moment, then leans forward and kisses him.
“Insulation,” Sherlock says. “Definitely.”
Sherlock decides not to tell him this. “I thought you might want to go home,” he says, apologetically. “I can call you a cab. Or you could just sleep upstairs, only Mrs Hudson took all the linens off the bed to give them a wash. She said they were covered with plaster dust from the floor patching. You could take the sofa, but you’d sleep better in your own bed.”
He dodges the word
He’s awash in it when John makes a questioning sound. “Yes – I’m – you can – ”
Sherlock hesitates, looking down at him. “Should I stand watch, in case he approaches from another side?” he asks. He could decide this for himself, but John is the one with far more practical experience in non-urban terrain, and is particularly bright when it comes to tactical analysis of this sort.
been years,” he points out, though John notices that he’s distinctly short of breath as he says it, and that only makes him want to kiss Sherlock again.
John claps a palm to his forehead. “Shit. Of course.” They both look at the cot. “Christ. What am I supposed to do with her now?”
There are other people in the kitchen, so Sherlock nods toward the stairwell out in the corridor. “Follow me,” he directs Margaret. He lets her go first up the stairs to John’s old bedroom and they sit down just below the landing, Margaret several steps above him. Sherlock sits down sideways on a step and arranges his long legs as comfortably as he can. “So what’s on your mind?” he asks.
“Don’t wait!” Sherlock says, panting, hands squeezing wherever they’re touching. “I want to feel it – come in me, J – ”
Naked, they sway together in the sitting room, filling it with the sounds of their kissing. Later, there will be time for profound conversations and a serious reflection on what very nearly could have happened today. Right now, all they need is this: each other, in a deeper and even more binding way than they’ve yet had. Once this has happened, Sherlock knows he will never be afraid to ask John for any of this again. This is the last barrier, the last small piece of denied territory. He can feel John’s erection hard against his own, everything about its very existence making that of his own arousal safe, welcome, wanted. Needed, even. Permission: this is still a novelty, being allowed to touch John this way, allowed to kiss him as though it’s the very oxygen he needs to live. He thinks of John looking up at him from the foot of the steps, holding the backpack and its bomb in his bare hands, of sharing the knowledge that they will always be ready to do this work together, to die doing it if they have to. Of John choosing that moment to tell him that he loves him without caring that at least nine other people could hear him. His heart seems to swell within his thoracic cavity almost to the point of splitting his ribs open. “I need you,” he says against John’s mouth. “I need – every part of you. More than anything.”
They’re drained, he thinks, but not in a bad way. The appointment with Ella was taxing in ways that it needed to be. Neither of them is good at putting any of this into words, maybe not even just to themselves. Having to drag their sex failings into the light and examine it all, out loud, was excruciating, but he’s perfectly aware that it would have been even harder without Ella’s calm, steady presence to facilitate it. Her pragmatic explanation of their many issues, both individually and together, made sense, too. There
“Stay off the herbal soothers,” Sherlock tells her sternly. “You’ve got an infant here.”
Sarah doesn’t move or react. Gita pats her hair again. “I’ll take care of her for now,” she tells them. “I think she needs to be left alone now. But she can stay here. We haven’t got any children of our own. We’ll look after her.”
,” he says, more to the soil sample or the mass spec itself. “That’s what I needed! Sorry, Molly, got to dash. Er – thank you, though. For looking after Rosie. We’ll – somehow we’ll get this sorted. But I’ve got to go!”
He feels John look at him in surprise, but Margaret’s reaction is the one that interests him. She smiles again. “He gave me quite a lot of information about the two of you, but didn’t specifically mention that, which made me think that perhaps you weren’t,” Margaret says. “However… you
what makes me happy, makes me feel most fulfilled as a person. You and me, doing our thing, except in a much, much better way now. I don’t really want a kid here. Even one I love as much as I do love Rosie. Which I realise probably sounds pretty unconvincing, given what I just – but that’s what I feel. That’s the honest truth, ugly as it is.”
Sherlock smiles back. From now on, this is how things are going to be. Yes: this is more than acceptable. It’s everything he’s wanted since the day John walked into the laboratory at Bart’s Hospital.  “I’ll show you,” he promises.
Brad and Doug hesitate when it’s their turn. “We’re, er, not that big on kissing,” Brad says gruffly. “Especially not in public.”
“What’s on the schedule for today?” John asks, just to keep their camaraderie going. He claims the nearer bed by default and begins setting down his things.
Sherlock ponders. “Which would you prefer?”
He doesn’t specify what the obstacles having been blocking, but it’s definitely a reference to them, John thinks, his heart beating faster. “I know,” he says. “And I’ve been useless on that front, too. I know that now, and I’m sorry.”
“You,” Sherlock breathes, and their mouths lock together again, tongues and lips caressing each other’s, sucking at each other’s, and it’s so good, so right, that it’s nearly painful. John’s mouth moves to his throat after awhile and Sherlock hears himself gasping, his fingers clenching in John’s soft hair. “Please – ” He doesn’t even know what he’s asking for, just that there be more, infinitely more, and John understands.
John swallows and nods. “Yeah,” he says, not backing down from it. “I do. As it happens… I’m – in love with you, Sherlock.”
John touches his nose to Sherlock’s, rubbing his against it, then kisses him again, their breath mingling. “I want to know exactly what you want. It’s not about what I want.”
like seeing me do it.”
In the morning, John is careful to give Sherlock some space, going into the kitchen to join Mrs Hudson and Rosie while Sherlock takes a shower, leaving him well alone to do anything he might need to do in there. Mercifully, Mrs Hudson stays to cook a big fry-up for all of them while John makes coffee and gets out some plates, keeping up a light stream of chat with Mrs H and occasionally Rosie. By the time Sherlock joins them in the kitchen, things are just at the point where John can point him to the toaster to retrieve the slices that have just popped up, casually toss a request for the butter over his shoulder as he fills two mugs with coffee and pours a cup of tea for Mrs Hudson. Her presence there keeps anything else firmly at bay, which is a relief at the moment.
” I look at Sherlock. “What? This is Horace, I assume?”
Sherlock shakes his head minutely. “We have to listen.” He twists around to look at the clock, watching it, then sits up, swinging his feet down to the floor. John, concerned now, moves to the edge of the bed to sit beside him in tense silence as they both listen. John is just starting to wonder if there isn’t rather a lot of static coming over the speaker in spite of the fact that they turned the volume all the way up on both monitors when the sound comes again. Sherlock lifts a hand and looks at him, pointing at the monitor. “That’s it,” he says. “I’m not positive but I’m certain that’s the
Someone else chips in then, and a brief, controlled argument breaks out. Sherlock sits back in his chair and listens to all of it, aware that John is doing the same. Todd guides the conversation but never steers it, mediating between opposing viewpoints and giving gentle reminders here and there. To his own surprise, Sherlock finds himself almost missing the daily circle meetings. Ironically, these workshops are proving terribly informative and the timing couldn’t be better: he and John have just, thanks in no small part to the therapists here, finally managed to surmount their years of misunderstandings, and now it’s as though they’re receiving counselling and training on how to navigate their newfound relationship.
He’s aware that it must just be a temporary fix. Sherlock’s trauma flare-up will settle down again, and at some point he’ll say so, so that he’ll be fine sleeping on his own again,
John shrugs, his arms crossed. “A pint of whatever, I guess.”
It takes every ounce of strength he possesses, but somehow John manages not to laugh at this. No point upsetting Sherlock still further by pointing out that he’s already aware that he’s turned on at the moment. He clears his throat. “Okay, then… do you want to sit down?”
“Yeah – but I’d take that paracetamol now,” John gasps.
? It’s obviously John!”
Sherlock is careful not to look too pleased. “I’m glad they turned out,” he says lightly. “Shall we watch the news, then, or have you got something else to do?”
“This is ridiculous,” John says again, keeping his voice down. His upper arm is just barely touching Sherlock’s under the blankets and this smallest of touches is electrifying.
“You don’t have a shred of proof,” Roy snaps. “Someone else could have written that!”
John looks up at him with his mouth still full of Sherlock’s erection, then slides off, kisses the tip of it obscenely, then asks, “What? Do you not – is this not – all right? Do you not like it?”
“It was my pleasure,” Molly says. “And – that’s a wonderful idea. Your parents must be so excited.”
John reacts first. “We did, did we?” He’s flaring up already, not overtly angry, but his hackles are obviously up. He squares his shoulders. “Why’s that, then? Everyone knows I was married. To a
“Have,” he repeats. He hesitates. “I think I need to kiss you again about now.”
John nods. “Yes,” he says grimly, and points a finger in Molly’s face. “You shot those DVDs of Mary’s,” he states. “Don’t deny it – you know, it frankly amazes me that you would even try to get away with this. You purportedly love this man, yet underestimate him all the time, refuse to believe him when he’s telling the truth, and seem to think that he owes you his affections in spite of all that. The only question I have is this: why are you still protecting Mary when she’s dead, hmm? You kept saying how sorry you were about that letter you forged, but you still lied to me.”
Mary catches this. “You stiff?” she asks, crossing back toward the sofa.
“Wait a moment,” Mycroft interrupts, cocking an ear at John as though he didn’t hear him properly. “Killing Sherlock’s ‘friend’?”
In her corner, Karen makes a small noise to herself, and John looks over at her. So does Gary. “Did you want to say anything, Karen?” Gary asks her.
Lestrade sticks both hands into the pockets of his trench coat. “It’s… well, you’ll see for yourself. The girl’s talking a bit now. Be gentle, yeah?”
He isn’t even certain how they get to the bed, but then John is tumbling him down onto it, following and turning to face him. They kiss again, and it’s feverish on both sides. Sherlock moves his legs a little against John’s, wanting far more contact still, and John shifts closer, his hand squeezing at Sherlock’s chest, fingers trailing over his skin. Suddenly he stops, going rigid and pulling away from the kiss. Sherlock blinks, taken aback. “John – what – ” He doesn’t know what to say. “Is something – wrong?”
John exhales. “I thought it did need a talking about, yes,” he says. “But the short version is that I don’t regret it. At all. It was – good. Yeah. Really good.”
Sherlock lets go the instant the lift doors close behind them. “Come on,” he says briskly, as though everything is completely normal, and John has to shake his head. Of course it is: this is just their cover. Right.
Early that afternoon, John gets a call from a colleague at one of the clinics he’s been working at on and off. A patient’s condition has worsened noticeably and the other doctor doesn’t know his history as well as John does. John hesitates, looks over at where Sherlock is sitting on the sofa, his face looking weary and lined in the blueish light coming off his laptop. “I’m not sure,” he says slowly. “I’m currently taking a bit of a break.”
“Far and away,” Sherlock says, a bit ruefully. “Incomparably. I almost mentioned that once, near the start, but thought I’d better not. I thought it would – reveal my own bias. But not just the – sexual stuff. Everything. I like eating with you better. Sleeping with you. Watching movies with you. Going out with you. Everything is better with you.”
“Amazing,” John says in relief. They turn and start walking, and John finds Sherlock’s hand and holds it, unable to stop touching him completely. “How did you get here?” he asks.
Sherlock shakes his head minutely. “Stop,” he says, the word infinitely gentle. “I don’t care. I don’t care at all anymore. I’m just relieved beyond measure that I got to you in time.”
“Maybe we needed the – cover,” Sherlock says, the term feeling slightly inadequate. “Or – perhaps I did.”
preoccupied with the case?” John repeats incredulously. “With you right here? After I just attacked a man and left him in a closet and you just dealt with a massive bomb without me with you to make sure you didn’t do something completely reckless – my adrenaline is up, all right, but I’m definitely not preoccupied with any bloody case!”
It’s my turn to blink. “Any – sexual history?” I ask, clarifying, and he nods, seeming fairly nonchalant about it, yet there’s a line between his eyes that suggests more tension than he’s letting on.
“That wasn’t the question.” Sherlock studies him, his gaze serious. “I want to do anything you want to try. And remember, you’re supposed to be getting better at saying what you want directly, too. That wasn’t only my task.”
“Nevertheless, it can’t possibly hurt,” Lee says, unbothered by Richard’s attitude. He turns his gaze expectantly to John.
, at this precarious juncture. “Don’t be ridiculous.” He lets go of the flannel to quickly load the syringe, testing it for air bubbles. He turns back to John, removes the flannel, and positions the needle. “Here?” John nods, and Sherlock depresses it. It takes a moment and some semblance of calm begins to return. “I thought I was the one who would never be good enough in your eyes,” he says, quieter now, though his heart is still pounding. “That you thought I have no compassion, that I don’t know how to care about anyone, including you. That I don’t even know how to love properly. That I am inadequate in every possible way, from emotional to – sexual.”
Sherlock rapidly strips down to his underwear and pulls on his pyjama t-shirt, then plugs in their devices to charge. John comes out of the bathroom in his own pyjamas a moment later and smiles at him.
Sherlock had closed the door, locked it with care, barely aware that his fingers were trembling, then carried the letter upstairs. He’d managed to put off reading it by making tea first, then deciding at random to put a dressing gown on (for protection? What rubbish), then finally sitting down in his chair to unseal the envelope with fingers that wouldn’t keep steady, and unfolded the single, handwritten page. That was something, at least. John typed the last one, which made it feel even colder.
crossword, and reaches for the receiver. “Hello?”
John searches his face, wanting so starkly to be convinced by this that it pains Sherlock to see. “But you did come to see that at some point?”
That gets him two very arched eyebrows. “Is it, then,” Mrs Hudson says. “Good. I’ll hold you to that, young man. Now go on and take John somewhere nice.”
I smile at him. “Incomparably better,” I say, and Sherlock kisses me again.
“I went back for Rosie,” John says, the same pain that always comes into his eyes when talking about Rosie appearing there again now. “That’s what I told you six months ago and it’s still true. It wasn’t about Mary. And for the record, even thinking that you had let me grieve for no good reason, and that you’d killed Magnussen without thinking it through and that the same thing was going to happen all over again, with you leaving me behind, and even though I selfishly, stupidly let myself think that you were responsible for my entire life falling apart there, I
“I checked your daughter’s records,” Karen tells him, shaking her dark hair out of her eyes. “Sherlock is one of her godparents, and if you’re working with him on a case, surely he’s not available to look after your daughter.”
“It’s arousing to get someone else off, okay?” John knows he sounds defensive, sitting there with his palms turned up.
Ella glances at Sherlock, but directs her question to John. “Did you discuss that day at the hospital?”
John snickers. “That’s certainly true enough.”
Sherlock checks his phone. “I’ve still got a signal, though it’s not very strong.”
He has to keep himself from drooling as the masseur grips and squeezes his cheeks, going until Sherlock’s arse feels like tenderised meat. He returns his attentions to Sherlock’s back now, digging a little deeper this time, and somehow this is arousing now, too, particularly the slight edge of pain that comes with it. He has to keep his hips still to fight the urge to rub himself against the mat of the massage table. Alex-or-Roberto comes to stand at the head of the table now and slides his fingers into Sherlock’s hair, massaging his scalp, and this is even worse. He can hear his own breathing, amplified by the face holder, and it’s shaking. He can hear John’s, too, for that matter, and now that he’s aware of his own state, he deduces within seconds that John is just as aroused as he is. The thought makes him feel terribly jealous, that some other male is getting to touch John like this, provoke this physical response in him. The masseur is tugging at his hair and each tug seems to go directly to his penis.
Mycroft opens his mouth, his eyes averted, having difficulty saying whatever it is, seemingly. “There is a…. medication of sorts, on the market. A drug. Despite it having been around for about thirty-five years now, not much is known about it. Studies have been blocked due to its controversial nature. It was eventually given to intelligence agencies to test as they liked. It’s called TD-12. It blocks or suppresses memories. Erases them altogether in some cases.”
Sherlock’s brow creases slightly and he shakes his head in agreement. Some form of silent communication is going on between the three of them, Vee thinks, watching them. She decides not to ask. Some things are best left unsaid, in the end.
“You want us to pose as an engaged couple,” John says, just to hear how ridiculous it sounds out loud. His mind unwittingly replays Mary’s voice saying
This point would be… here. Back at Baker Street, for almost three months now. Nearly divorced (but she died and beat me to it, leaving me to wallow in my own guilt over having wanted to leave, over an affair that never even happened, Christ, it was just a smile and some bloody texts, it’s not like we ever even met, but tell
“Late last night. I… couldn’t sleep, so I did some digging,” Sherlock says, studiously avoiding eye contact.
“Nice,” Sherlock approves, doing up his cuffs and then tucking the shirt in. “You look great in black.”
John pulls him down for a kiss, a hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck, smiling. “I can’t wait to hear it,” he murmurs, just before their lips touch.
Sherlock feels himself nod. “John…” he says, slowly, as though he’s caught in a dream. His body rotates itself to face John of its own accord.
Sherlock glances into the sitting room and sees John at once, sees the slight anxiety around his eyes that relaxes as soon as they make eye contact, and he feels his chest tighten a little, very much wanting to do precisely as instructed. “All right, then,” he says, and kisses her on the cheek. “See you soon. And thank you.”
Molly seems to crumple a little. She looks down at her hands on the table. “I did mean it when I said I was sorry,” she says. “I don’t think you should blame me quite as harshly. I loved Mary too, and she’s abandoned me without so much as the decency to tell me she was never going to come back, either.”
“I don’t think so. Just hot,” Sherlock says. He bends forward to pull the plug, then stands up, holding the towel in front of him, but there’s still a
“I know you are, I just didn’t mean for you to get stuck with it,” John says, bending to kiss his daughter’s cheek and conveniently also hide his face. “Especially not – now.”
John scowls. “I can’t believe that Mary told you to send yourself to hell, get yourself killed,” he says. “What was she thinking? And how was I supposed to have known it was your
“Shut it, you. Just relax and enjoy this.”
Sherlock swallows. He thinks of answering, but there is too much turmoil within him to allow this to be that simple. “Where is this coming from, John?” he asks instead, his mouth dry. “Why now, after everything that’s happened – why would you change your mind now?”
“John!” Sherlock is distressed. He bends forward across the table. “Nothing you could say will disappoint me,” he says firmly. “
“Nothing about this is stupid,” he says firmly. “What were you going to say?”
“Yeah, fine,” John says. He hesitates again, feeling awkward. “Look, er, I remembered that Harry’s got that thing out in Aylesbury today, but I was just wondering if there was any chance you might be free to take Rosie again?”
“Here,” John says, giving him the one he’s holding. “Just use mine.”
John settles himself on his side again, mirroring Sherlock’s position but not touching him. “Where was this one?” he asks. “Serbia again?”
“You,” John says, not filtering it. “You’re
Sherlock puts his hands in his pockets. “Since it started? Six days now. I trust you won’t need a breakdown of the hours and minutes.”
John temporarily doesn’t recognise the acronym, then realises it must stand for the name of this organisation. “And the world?” he asks, a bit dryly, but the point is lost on her. Never mind. He decides to turn the focus back on her. “Are you here with your husband?” he asks politely.
That afternoon, they’re lying on the sitting room carpet with Rosie between them. Sherlock has been trying to read her a book but she’s more interested in banging her plastic rings together. John is more interested in him, reaching across to stroke Sherlock’s thigh and arse cheek as he attempts to concentrate on the book.
Sherlock goes back to the phone. “Three wedding shows like this one, but statistically that’s hardly a surprise, given their popularity and frequency both. One financial conference – one guess there – then a conference on public speaking skills, and another on business leadership.”
Sherlock phones him from Corey’s condo late the following morning, excitedly asking John to meet him at a crime scene, so John stops hanging morosely about wondering if he should wait for Sherlock or just start making lunch and dives for his jacket and shoes.
For the briefest of moments, a spark of hope ignites within John’s gut, wondering if there’s any chance in hell that Sherlock could have done it, found his trail and followed him here. Then he remembers the way the village didn’t even show on his map apps and the secrecy needed in crossing the border and the hope fades into cold bleakness again. No: this time, he is well and truly on his own, as he knew he would be if he chose this, chose to find Mary and confront her for the truth. He knew that this problem was his and his alone to face and deal with. “No,” he tells Mary firmly. “Not this time.”
He may never understand it fully. Regardless, he places the file containing the footage in the secure disposal bin.
John nods, standing a metre away, is listening intently. “Good,” he says, sounding satisfied.
She hesitates, and this gets her a flash of temper.
John comes back into the sitting room wearing Sherlock’s plaid dressing gown. “Yeah, you are,” he says easily. He comes over and bends to kiss Sherlock quickly, on the lips, pride bursting almost visibly from every pore of his skin. He straightens up and, his back to Mrs Hudson, opens the dressing gown to display the underwear he’s chosen, smooth and black and fitting him so exquisitely that Sherlock is profoundly glad he’s already got his legs crossed. “I picked these ones,” he says. “How are they?”
Ella watches him and feels immensely sorry for him. “I’m very sorry,” she says quietly. “I can’t imagine how much that must hurt.”
They get ready for bed and John points out the bloodied bedding on Sherlock’s with rue. “Mycroft probably won’t get his damage deposit back.”
“Or what?” Sherlock asks, burning holes into his brother’s face. “What was the ultimatum, Mycroft?”
Sherlock nods. “I didn’t know it could be like this,” he says.
John is startled by the sheer amount of vitriol in Sherlock’s voice. “Are you saying that I was targeted again?” he asks, wanting so much to understand.
“I haven’t done that in a while – come in my pants like that, but it was great,” I tell him honestly. I kiss him again. “I’d do that with you any time. I mean that, Sherlock. And it was incredibly special, too.”
John nods. “Right, I remember… one of the employees there?”
“Besides the obvious,” John says, not looking at him.
John turns his face toward Sherlock, but not all the way. Somehow this is easier to talk about without making direct eye contact. “You mean, am I sorry that I shot my former wife in the head?”
“I always prefer darker beers in winter,” John comments.
Sherlock’s cock is pushing out against the confines of his underwear, which are black and look as sleekly expensive as everything else he owns. He swallows, then bends a little and takes them off, his face flushing even deeper. He straightens up, his cock bobbing upwards and stained darker still with his arousal. He dips his finger back into the mixing bowl, hesitates, then touches it to the head of his cock. His jaw is tight, lips pressed together, but he doesn’t break eye contact with John, not backing down from his silent request, and John loves him fiercely for his bravery.
Sherlock nods, turning around. His eye falls on the pile of newspapers. “What’s that? Why have you got Mrs Hudson’s – ” He stops, clearly spotting the headline.
“Nope,” Greg says lazily. “Just taking advantage of everyone else being there – as I see you two are, too.”
She’s carrying something in a box: that explains it. “What are you two doing, then?” she wants to know, going into the kitchen and setting the box down on the table with evident relief. “Just sitting round here like a pair of good-for-nothings?”
Sherlock smiles, a long, slow smile, and John gets off the step and comes over to him, hands reaching out to touch him, travelling over the slim lines of the morning suit.
