to Cas. Preferably the one holding said heart.
Sam grabbed him by the shoulders, large hands curling over shaking, drooping shoulders like a gentle giant, trying to anchor him. They'd both been there. That realization that you'd survived. That the ordeal was over, but you shouldn't have made it. Never thought you would. And now you had to deal with everything you'd shoved to the side just to get through. It all came flooding back, and that could be just as terrifying, just as overwhelming and gut wrenching and heartbreaking as the ordeal itself.
Okay, so baiting the thing had worked. Now how the hell did they kill something that couldn't be killed before it ate them?
Sam let out a haggard sigh and Diana lowered her gun with a truly shaking hand now.
The man from the future hesitated for only a moment. Procrastination was Dean Winchester's go-to, but he knew this time his dues would come and he'd actually have to pay them. He wasn't even sure if he would be able to. But it didn't matter, not really. They'd reached the end of this road, and he had no doubt that Sam would leave – for good this time – if Dean didn't figure out how to start telling his brother the truth.
His brother's head shot up, surprise widening his eyes and whitening the knuckles wrapped around the coffee mug. Sam sighed internally.
The hunter took another step forward, ignoring the way his knee threatened to give out on him with every step. He made it to her side as blue eyes finally opened – glowing fiercely enough to give Dean pause, unsure if the angel would recognize where she was after what had just happened – but it wasn't what made the hunter stop from reaching out to her completely.
"The demons were destroyed or scattered," Uriel continued with a shrug, and Castiel could see he didn't find anything out of the ordinary about it, just as their supervisors hadn't either. "Whatever the hellspawn were planning, the might of our brothers has ended it. It's over."
"What's going on? Who are you?"
The abrupt question, shouted in nothing short of an outdoor voice at full volume and accompanied by agitated, waving arms, drew the angel up short. Cas looked temporarily affronted by it, before he ducked his head and huffed.
. Asa. The legend. A hunter because of Mary Winchester.
The demon groaned. "Don't do that. Ever again."
Castiel sent prayer after prayer, seeking direction. Was this God's plan for him? To assist in the derailment of the Apocalypse? Or was he being led astray by the humans and his own doubt. He was not without that, sinful as he was to admit it. But it had no place in his life, in a soldier's life, in the life of a Warrior of God, and to embrace it would be to disobey.
"We'll grab it for you." Sam's smile was entirely understanding. He placed a comforting hand on the widow's shoulder, which seemed to help.
.' Dean ignored him and he also ignored the fact that he was pretty sure Sam was at least a little right. He knew he was acting like a butt-hurt jerk rather than the competent Righteous Man he'd told Cas he needed to leave Heaven for.
God shook His head and opted not to. It was fine, most likely. Yes, it would be annoying if Hell spent the weekend undoing all the progress He'd been making, but, really, it was fine. It wasn't like he was planning on intervening, no matter what Hell was up to with his editorial assistant. He could start again on Persephone, need be.
Now Uriel straightened and his features shut off entirely, solidifying in a dark, colorless mass. Castiel could not read him, but he knew this brother well enough not to need to. "So it is time, then."
“Why would you drink it?”  The words were out of Dean’s mouth before he could think them through.  Yeah, sure, that was a question he wanted answers to.  Right along with
"Hey!" Dean yelled before Cas could respond, mouth already opening against his will. Anat paused, weapon still poised, and tilted her head towards her shoulder in acknowledgement. Dean let out a breath of air shaking with anger. "I got one for you, lady."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Jess, I- I can’t,” he said, keeping her gaze.  His brown eyes were wide, begging her to believe him.  To forgive him.
"And no Dana Shulps has ever lived or died in Baltimore in the last fifty years." Sam sighed, equally frustrated. But he switched gears, getting back to cracking the password for Anthony Giles personal files. Maybe there'd be something in his notes.
He grinned as he opened his mouth and smoked out of the dying meatsuit.
"What is it, honey?" Mark reached up to drag his sunglasses lower on his nose, looking to her over the rim of them, but she could tell they were sleepy just from his voice. She couldn't help but smile at him, this man she loved to the ends of the Earth – if the earth indeed had ends – until she once more remembered the angel waiting on her.
In the passenger seat, Sam let out a world-weary sigh, eyes tracking out the side window at the passing landscape. With those words, Dean had once more set his mind to the step they were currently on, only illustrating just how much he'd missed or chosen to ignore Sam's point. The younger Winchester really didn't know how else to get his warning across before it was way too late. Part of him, a part that had grown bitter in the stubborn shadow of the Winchester name, didn't even know why he bothered.
It took all of the older Winchester’s willpower not to respond with something that would most likely get him into trouble.
Sam straightened in surprise, his face lightening, though his furled brow remained concerned. "You'd take care of that for us?"
His brother was looking more and more grumpy, and Sam hadn't even gotten to the bad part. He was stalling, and he knew it.
"Yes," Cas agreed breathlessly. "A shame you didn't figure that out sooner."
"That doesn't make any friggin' sense, man." Even as he said it, Dean set aside his utter and complete discomfort with dreamland (seriously, it gave him the willies. Too close to witchcraft and hoodoo only with all the feels of a rom-com) and imagined two beers in hand. When cold, condensation-slick glass filled his hand out of seemingly nowhere, he held one out to Cas. An apology for all the yelling, he supposed (a non-verbal apology, because let's be honest, all the participants here knew that wasn't gonna happen).
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
Sam didn't mention their conversation. It was likely he and Dean had already talked about it. Even if they hadn't, it was Andy's choice to make. The young Jedi watched the two start up one of their classic back and forth bickers about absolutely nothing important, and turned his thoughts inward to consider the possibility he previously hadn't even let himself think about.
Heaven and not a cheap knock-off intended to make him just think it was.
(Not ever, if they didn't manage to get to her before Uriel.)
"Okay, look, I know how all this sounds, but I'm not insane and I'm not on drugs. Okay?"
The hunter pulled a face. "Hey. I was getting pretty good with the magazine!"
Dean grabbed the metal detector and ushered Jo off on their task before she could ask more questions, giving Andy an annoyed glare (which the kid just waved off with an unaffected grin). He was still grumbling under his breath when they started searching for the manhole that would lead them below.
Hell, who was he kidding?
Dean managed to right himself from his half-bowed position, hand pressed to his sore chest. His heart was beating a mile a minute and he didn't know if that was him or Cas in there ratcheting up his blood pressure. Could have been from fear or the actual physical danger that had left his torso feeling like it had taken a cannonball to the chest, only in reverse. Either way, Dean promptly ignored the way his chest constricted at the very idea of losing the warmth buried happily in there (
"Damn it!" Sam kicked out at the desk again and again and again, but he couldn't break free. That steady white light still filled the room, casting eerie, long, flickering shadows across everything. The high pitch noise still shook the windows, and Sam was terrified it was Cas's true voice. That's what Dean had called it once.
They spent three weeks on the road in total, that stupid itch growing every day. Sam was feeling it too, Dean could tell. And it wasn't just spillover from him. His kid brother was aware of the looming future well enough on his own. It was getting to the point where all they had to do was exchange a look to know how little impact they were making killing some werewolf in Utah or doing a salt and burn in Nebraska.
"Okay, but was it the guy thing?"
"And Angela is- she's- she's
what he'd been dreaming out, and calling for a nurse because the kid was
“Dean!”  This time Sam shook his arm enough to get his brother to turn to him.  “We have to
Thought I'd post a little early this weekend to make up for the lack of post, review replies, or Bitchface List update last weekend.
"Son of a bitch," the hunter audibly growled, finally tearing away from the frozen spot in the entrance to Bobby's study and heading straight through to the kitchen. He set the paper bag full of glass jars and pie down on the counter harder than he intended, though not harder than his current mood suggested. Sam, who'd already looked up from his research at his brother's entrance, moved into the kitchen at the loud noise and obvious tension filling the room. He brought with him a guilty look, which Dean spotted first, but quickly moved beyond to the dark circles, pale and sallow skin, and damp bangs.
Cas stared at him for a moment and was quiet for even longer. In an abstract way, the angel could appreciate his friend recognizing the hardships he had faced over their years together. Better late than never, he knew, and Dean had done a lot of reflection in this past year, forging his way in another time, much of those months spent thinking he was alone. However, more than anything, Castiel wished he could convey how little those hardships mattered, in the scheme of things. Cas had been honest when he'd told Dean he could not picture this tale told any other way. But perhaps he should have been more specific; he could no longer picture a world without the Winchesters in his life.
I came home early from my camping trip to finish editing this chapter just for you all XD
"Is it the guy thing? Cuz…I mean, right now he's not really a 'guy'," the woman said with exaggerated air quotes, and oh yeah, that's
-o-o-o-
Andy's eyes flicked hesitantly to the little girl, terrified of what he'd find. Another attack as soon as he made eye contact, or maybe even worse. But she was still in the same spot, the edges of her form wispy and her feet completely dissolved into dark grey, coiling smoke. The edges of her body spasmed as she stood there, more of her appearance lost to smoke before it would convalesce back into a little school girl. It seemed to be a cycle, like a record skipping. But she…she was just standing there. Er, floating there. Watching him with weirdly expectant eyes. Like she was waiting for something.
Had this happened last time? Sam closed his eyes against the swell of terror and damn near insurmountable loss. He hoped it had. He prayed to God it had, because that meant Dean pulled through.
God, he was so
Instead, he willed his heart to calm and responded casually, "He's no one."
Bobby turned expectantly to him, crossing his arms over his chest.  Dean shifted under the stare.
Oh, god, it
He tried to give it a minute. He was usually pretty quick to fall asleep when he put some effort into it and, boy, Dean was putting the effort in. After a ten count when still nothing had changed, Dean cracked one eye back open, hoping maybe Cas had noticed it wasn't working, too, and would know what to try instead.
God, he had so many questions his head hurt.
The non-verbal frown increased, and Dean winced in the front seat at the heavy silence. They should have thought up a lie before they called her. "Well, how do you know he's taking them there, then?"
Sam tightened his hand around the grip of his handgun, heedless of being the only one aiming his weapon in this showdown.  “Let him out,” he repeated and Dean could tell he was seriously considering shooting him.
"You have a neighbor named Mr. Rogers?"
As for the rest, well, the morphine was taking care of that for now. Until he had to do otherwise, Andy was taking a page out of Dean Winchester's book and not thinking about it.
"What about his neck?" Dean would ask every time. What the hell had happened to their friend's neck, and what kind of damage were they looking at, what kind of treatment, here. But the nurses would only shake their heads, a pitying kind of horror crossing their faces each time. It wasn't until a doctor emerged in the early hours near dawn that they got any sort of answer.
Honestly, Sam was struggling with the concept of Dean befriending something so wholly inhuman. He understood the brother that sat beside him was not the same that he'd known his whole life. Things changed – would change. Still, it was difficult to accept the augmented reality without proof. Now? Dean was telling him they were best friends with an angel that had started out as an enemy, and one worth being afraid of?
"Yeah, alright. Thanks for checking in," Dean said, somewhat grumpily. He really didn't seem too happy about Cas taking back off for Heaven, which was ringing all sorts of alarm bells for Andy. But, then again, that could just be the teenage love angst talking (who was he kidding, he'd watched
Handmade, one of a kind, over on Carson street, he'd said.
"Tell me about Uriel." Sam stowed his own tiredness, his aching body, and growing desperation to get clean. He wouldn't last much longer, but he could last long enough for his brother. He would just breathe through his mouth and ignore the sticky wetness clinging to his chest like it wasn't there.
Castiel tilted his head to the side slightly again, pupils dropping to the hunter's chest for another drawn out moment. When he looked back up, it was with the weirdest mix of perplexed conviction. "I…believe I am."
Dean stopped pulling just shy of the chair to stare at the kid across from him. Andy grunted as he suddenly found himself hauling all the weight alone, almost toppling atop Jake's body from the unexpected shift.
"Strange?"
With a tired sigh, Sam slung his hand over the nightstand, fumbling around for the device.  He didn’t bother looking at the ID.  There were only, like, ten people total who had Dean’s number.  And nine of them were Bobby.
With a painful swallow, Andy reached out and took the knife. He tried, one more time, to reason with a madman, stalling desperately for time. "She isn't part of this. Please, please just…just let her go, Weber. B-bro. Please."
"Nope. N-Not at all. You know, I-I, uh, I should really go now."
“Okay,” he muttered, retreating out of the circle with Sam.  The two brothers walked back over to the Impala, where Dean dug into his front pocket and pulled out two necklaces.  Small, coin-like charms dangled from the black cord.
Castiel stared at him. Then, his grace began to churn and Uriel got an ugly feeling in his core.
“I’ve still got a few tricks when it comes to the Winchesters,” the farmer said.  His eyes flashed a pale yellow that did horrible things to the face he wore.  “My children will get to them one way or another.”
spotlights on them made all hunters present twitchy as all get-out.
"This is it?"
"You already thought about doing it, didn't you? Back in Wyoming."
Dean's unearthly howl was what finally sent Sam to his knees.
Speaking of! Thank you all so much for your continued support and pure awesomeness! I hope you drop a line and let me know how we're doing, especially now that we have a couple chapters of Cas-with-a-feminine-pronoun under our belt. It hasn't been the easiest to write, and I'd love a check-in with how you guys are getting along with it.
Something flickered in his chest, like a fluttering tap against the back of his sternum, and Dean sucked in a breath. He pressed a hand to his chest, blinking rapidly and not breathing in hopes of feeling it again. He didn't, his chest had gone silent, but Dean wanted to cry (because of this stupid, emotional and difficult conversation he was being forced to have, and no other reason,
He supposed it was worth it for the brief peace that stole over Cas's face.
"Yeah," the older Winchester answered, voice catching ever so slightly on the admission. Even years – years and years – later, it was still so hard talking about Mom. So damn hard. Never seemed to get easier.
"Damn it, Sam, will you just tell me what this is about?" He stood from the bed, tossing the remote onto the comforter. In his periphery, he saw Cas stand as well. "You too freaked out to sleep, but not too freaked out to go put yourself out, alone, in the middle of nowhere without even a weapon on hand?"
The younger Winchester was quiet, back to staring at the passing scenery before he answered, softly, "…Okay."
He fluttered his fingers in a jazz hands motion and Sam frowned at the theatrics.  Whatever the demon wanted, he sure was taking his sweet time getting to it.  The hunter wondered what the odds were of him passing out before the murderer got to his point.
Oh, and the boys stop at Starbucks.
"Uh…thanks, but…I'm good here, buddy." Dean tapped one of the arms of the chair like it was friggin' live preserver and he was happy hanging out in shark-infested waters so long as he had it.
"It will," the man from the future mumbled under his breath, though even he couldn't deny that the words held way more confidence than any other part of him, soul and conscience included.
.’  The tick in his jaw when he was pissed as hell, but firmly resolved.
He read quickly through the words on his brother’s cell.  A creature of Japanese origin that ate nightmares and could be summoned to devour bad dreams.  Supposedly, it was made of leftover animal parts after the gods had finished with all other creatures.
Sam tilted his head dangerously, chin jutting up: a warning move that usually came before he punched whoever he was looking at in the face. Luckily, Dean was spared by the barrier that was his new wheels. "Dean, we need to stick together."
"Sure, worth a shot. I'm Andy by the way."
fucking rope.
"No. Dad never broke." Dean shook his head. It wasn't just that, honestly. Dean doubted that deal his dad made had ever been entirely selfless. He loved his father, but if him sacrificing his life for his son's had been entirely selfless, John Winchester never would have asked Dean to do what he'd asked him to do next. Something even ten years later, Dean hadn't forgiven. Couldn't forgive.
Once Dean was in the hallway (managing to make it down the step and a half of stairs with only half tripping, minor flailing, and recovery like a pro) he spun on his heel, his back to the angels, and headed as far away from that conversation and those identical stares as possible. He could hear Lady Cas ask something as he retreated and absolutely refused to listen to what it was. Or to his Cas's deep, gravely chuckle that came in response.
Sam clenched his teeth as the demon all but danced before them.
It was the last straw on his already precariously balanced emotional state.
God's sister wasn't exactly what he'd been expecting the angel to come back with.
"You cannot wake an angel from a healing trance with raised voices." Oh good, the Warrior of God voice was now
” and at the start he rewrote “
“It’s a Baku.”
Anne’s face was red and blistered, her eyes a deadly black, and the grin that stretched her skin, demented.
-o-o-o-
"It was the
And boy, could that woman
Of course, this timeline-Castiel may not be open to the idea of the Boy with the Demon Blood being a savior, or worth saving for that matter.
Dean scoffed.  “I’m just checking up on my baby brother. Making sure you haven’t gotten yourself into trouble in the scary world of higher education.”
The hunter smiled widely, this time all teeth and charm, Ted Bundy charm though it may be. Gordon had lured plenty a pretty vamp girl to their deaths with that smile, playing their game right back at them. He could play Agent Henriksen's game too.
Azazel did not immediately answer, instead watching Amanda’s little tongue slide out experimentally with the lack of coordination that came with still growing muscles.  In the face of his silence, his daughter’s stubborn hold-out caved to begging.  “Just get me topside, and I’ll get you what you need.”
"Do you remember that address, the one from your vision?" Maybe Ava's vision came true because Sam went to the address to try and find his brother. He knew about the trip wire now, thanks to Ava. He could avoid it and whoever had set it up in the first place.
The look Sam sent him was totally worth it, because it had gone from the judgmental range of bitchfaces to the rarer, understanding end of the scale.
Bobby just huffed down the line and called him an idjit. A doubting idjit, at that.
"Wouldn't be much of a challenge if there was, tiger," Yellow Eyes answered with a wicked grin, and Jonathon let the implication roll off of him in waves. He was confident in his ability. He'd been working up to this. He could do it. He would do it.
"Dean?" he called again, following the beacon that Dean Winchester's marked soul had always been for him.
The Baku stopped feeding, lifting his head to stare.  Sam met the thing’s gaze head on, squaring his shoulders and clenching his jaw.  This monster picked the wrong hunter to mess with.
Grabbing a beer, he spent a ridiculously long minute opening it, wasted a few more seconds taking an extended gulp, then finally turned around to face the music.  “We had to prove it to her somehow.”
"Where'd he go?" Scott asked, voice trembling as he spun around, back almost flush to Amanda's. She understood why, it felt like safety in a situation that was anything but.
. Not alone, in this place that never changes!"
"He's not a vampire, Sammy. He's a hunter."
The one he'd said would be a perfect fit.
Which sounded like bullshit, even to him. Sam had explained it better. Sam's version had made sense, and also not made him sound like a complete creep who deserved that one-way ticket to the pit. The look Cas pinned him with pretty much said as much.
Sam couldn't help the smile that pulled at his lips as he thought,
"Are you saying…" The man from the future shook his head. "Then what the hell comes next? Is the Apocalypse…?"
know better. Your brother didn't."
cook." And an absolutely terrible baker, but Sam didn't need to know that. Not like they'd grown up with an oven for the kid to ever see catch fire while going for cookies. Nope. They'd made it to full grown adulthood in a bunker before Sam got to see that sight.
So she turned to Mark and cupped his cheeks in her hands. He grinned up at her, a lascivious glance darting down her body following after, waggling his eyebrows in a ridiculous manner that had her laughing even as she bent down. Angela pressed her lips to his: slow and sweet and loving and long.
"And if you don't come back?" Andy was quieter now but staring up at him intently.
“Sit tight, princess.  It’ll be your turn in just a second.”
"Don't make fun of me for this," Sam muttered miserably as he set the board down between them. His hands were shaking and he quickly clenched them across the top of his thighs. Dean settled cross-legged in front of him, no good in the face of his brother's obvious pain. Sam closed his eyes for a moment before placing steady hands on the planchette. "God, just…just please still be here, Dean."
-o-o-o-
"I can guarantee that you're wrong about me. And my brother." Sam eyes locked on the gun in his hand and he repeated his mantra.
Azazel stared. He just stared at the peevish little child standing in front of him where a millennia old, incredibly powerful, cunning and devious and wickedly smart
-o-o-o-
"Yeah, of course I did; the lead chick was hot. But I didn't watch it on
-o-o-o-
The look immediately disappeared when the young man took in the nervous psychic knocking on his door and, more so, the two taller, much scarier looking men standing just behind him, both with guns.
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
Dean's 'o' face might have been comical in any other situation. But nothing about this was funny, especially not to Cas. The hunter cleared his throat, dropped his gaze, raised his gaze, looking away, then at the ceiling, then cleared his throat and offered a weak smile. It was like channel surfing through facial expressions. "Then, uh, I won't sleep either."
“Shit,” he finally groused.  “Guess that explains why the panic room didn’t work.”
).  That she’d been one the whole time.  That she’d never actually loved him.
"Good morning, Mr. Shurley, my name is Stephanie. Your publisher sent me."
Those blue eyes stayed locked on his, but eventually the angel sighed and Dean got the distinct impression of him looking away, even if his gaze never shifted. "I…may not always be here, Dean."
The kid didn't miss a beat, smiling. "Intern."
Dean blinked through the water at the man.  He spit a mouthful of purified water to the side.  When the hell had he even pulled out his flask?  “I’m not a demon, Bobby.”
'. Dean couldn't help but laugh. Andy was still Andy, and the relief alone flooded Dean like friggin' morphine. Or really good pie.
"You are wearing too much clothing," the angel complained with that low voice of his, and Dean found himself laughing again.
“You’re bluffing,” she finally concluded, though her gaze did not lighten with the assuredness that filled her voice.  “You wouldn’t bring it here, where you can’t keep it safe.”
face. Every detail perfect, but too perfect. You know? Like if a dollmaker made it. Like I was talking to a big Juan-doll."
Middle of nowhere. Perfect for a trap, especially one involving a grenade.
Castiel pushed his brother's strife from his thoughts as he flew across forests and rocky mountain ranges in the blink of an eye. Balthazar could handle himself, and it would take a large number of demons to even hamper an angel, let alone take one down.
Then they headed out. With Anthony Giles' office locked up tight and off-limits as a still-active crime scene, they'd have to wait until nightfall to check it out. So the Winchesters decided to interview the wife of their dead guy, to see if her husband had noticed anything out of the ordinary the past couple days. Talking about it on the way to her address, which Sam got off the hacked police report, the three agreed to go in as insurance agents. Well, Sam and Dean talked it out while Andy shot out suggestions, but ultimately it was the brothers who settled on insurance folk. It was an easy way to ask a lot of awkward questions about a loved one's death without setting off too many alarm bells. It was a good brainstorming session for Andy to start learning the ins and outs of hunting, though.
saving. See? Bullet proof plan, right there.)
"How many of you are there?" Jo didn't even acknowledge his pissy words, looking between Sam and Andy. "You all have gifts, right? How- or why?"
Realizing that blade was a resource they absolutely couldn't afford to waste, Dean bent at the waist to pick it up. Cas watched him with those wide eyes that were so easily mistaken for naïve. Dean had to fight back the surge of insecurity and self-consciousness at the intensity of that gaze, which did not diminish as he straightened back up and wrapped his arm, sword in hand, around Cas's waist once more.
"FBI, Mr. Reznick," Sam announced, already pulling out his badge to press it against the glass pane. He was getting so much more confident with committing felonies, Dean thought with a smirk. His little brother was growing up. If they weren't on a case, Dean might have wiped away a fake tear.
Dean pushed straight through the stairwell door, having figured out about eighteen room searches ago that he could just stick his head straight through a wall so long as he didn't think about it (you do not want to know what happened the one time he did think about it). The little trick tripled his search rate, even if it sent shivers through his body every time.
Sam could tell Dean was skirting things – that some of this stuff wasn't all good or hadn't come from good – but he didn't call his brother on it. Not yet. It was clear from the way he spoke that Cas was important to him, and would be important to
Castiel grunted, swinging slightly as he lost his precarious hold on the floor. He was shorter than Dean, and the bitch hadn't given him much slack to counter that difference, leaving the angel hanging almost entirely by his restraints. "Goddess of war and fertility."
Of course, it was also kind of weird to find yourself envisioning a friendship with a guy you'd never met and who, apparently, was just as likely to ruin any future you had together as he was to improve it. Right. Couldn't forget that little detail.
Sam was pulled off the wall when Azazel's hand fisted in his shirt and hauled him forward. The six and a half foot man stumbled for footing as he was tossed across the room, catching himself between two desks and only sort of sliding to the ground rather than falling on his ass completely. Yellow Eyes, meanwhile, strolled to the desk across from the downed hunter and hopped up on it. Sam glared up at him as Azazel crossed one leg over the other, hands clasped around his knee.
Eventually Dean would cave or figure it out, because he'd made a promise and he was
He gave a mock little bow, and Lilith decided to put off ordering his assassination for at least another week. Damn demon always seemed to provide the right amount of information just when she was absolutely at her limit and would suffer him no longer. Slimy bastard probably did it on purpose.
"After you." Azazel swept his hand past, but Lilith didn't move. He raised an eyebrow at her, straightening back up, ready for the next tantrum they didn't have time for.
"Asa was asking after you." Ellen changed the topic less than subtly as the two Winchesters started recapping what they'd been up to. Lately, she had taken a particular dislike to the overly eager gleam in her daughter's eyes when hunters started talking shop.
of the Deleted Scenes for refreshers on how that case went down.
"Dean?" Sam went to steady to him, even as his brother regained his balance.
Sam took the card, looking down at it with a disbelieving smirk, feeling a momentary bit of laughter in the dark. "Ellroy McGillicutty?"
: During all of this, please, please,
Still wouldn't. Sam had only gotten a partial dose, and he knew the demon wouldn't stop until he took the rest. It scared him, knowing there was absolutely nothing he could do to stop it, in such a way that he was left numb to that fear, that inevitable truth.
Of course, Sam didn't need to know any of that.
There was a young girl, offset and out of place in such a dark and bleeding space.  She wasn’t even a tweener yet, in a pretty yellow dress with a big white bow in the back.  Her presence was all wrong, but if someone had asked about it, they would assume it was the atmosphere of Hell throwing such disdain and wickedness into what should be an innocent countenance.
Dean grabbed Cas's lips with his own, always a man of action (which was good, since he was total crap with words), and the angel hummed between them. Cas's hands slid up his waist, tickling at his sides before wrapping around his back to cling to his shoulder blades. The angel had a way of enveloping him like a drowning man clutching a lifeboat, and Dean wondered if he'd learned that from the Pizza Man too, or if it was entirely Cas.
your intel is good."
,' a gentle voice called from the depths of that deep, dark pit, fighting against it, though the struggle did not seem to be in its favor. Still, the voice sounded like Jess, and Sam clung to it more desperately than he was proud to admit.
His brother bitched at him down the line and he grinned.  “Yeah, yeah, sounds like excuses to me.  I’ll be there in a couple hours and you can ride in true style to California.”
Dean wanted to bang his head against something hard. He resisted by reminding himself there were friends downstairs. Just friends. Down there and in this room with him.
For the purpose of the second half of this chapter, please remember that Chest!Cas is Season11!Cas, and therefore somewhat suicidal and has not had that reconciliation chat in the Impala with Dean yet. We'll get back to Season 12/13 Cas who's more stable, though, in this weirdly angsty, fix-it-but-only-after-we-break-it-all-over-again fic of ours :D
At least, not without dick angels sending him there involuntarily thirty years in the past (and then voluntarily, but almost dying to do it –
The older hunter stared at his brother like he was slightly crazy. As if he spent his evenings practicing dream summoning. Right.
"You watch World War II movies," Sam bit back, though he didn't argue the rest of Dean's point.
Jess couldn’t breathe, couldn’t even yell.  She snatched her hands away like she’d been burned, and with the gleam in her mom’s once kind eyes, she might as well have been.
Not that she knew what a human could possibly do in this situation, but the volatile manner in which Dean had insisted he accompany her back to Heaven had left Rachel…wary. Which meant she had to find where Uriel was hiding Castiel before that undetermined amount of time had passed on Earth.
"Dean?" Sam stood, taking a step back from the corpse and towards his clearly shaken brother. "It's the Baku. He's fueling your nightmare, giving himself more to eat. Fight it, Dean."
But Dean was shaking his head for new reasons now. "No one with the authority to control this town will listen to will us without credentials, and we don't exactly have time to build a back story, here."
He had not told Zachariah the reason for their disobedience in the first place, because his superior had not asked. Part of Castiel wondered if that, too, was disobedience. An omission of the truth was not the same as lying, but it could be argued a crime all its own.
Sam sighed. "We talked about this, Dean. It wasn't your fault, you weren't in control. What you did or didn't do to him wasn't by choice."
Before he could get them back on their feet, though, Castiel reached over with his free hand, latching onto Dean's shirt. The hunter paused, understanding instinctually that Cas was asking him to wait. He met those intense, captivating blue eyes, and waited. There was a lot in that silence exchange, some that Dean most definitely got and more that he didn't. Then the angel lowered his gaze back to the last of his brother. A permanent scar across the earth and that bloodied angel blade.
Dean pulled his head back. "What?"
Sam looked at his brother. They needed to get him a hospital. This was far beyond their ability as hunters to handle. Andy needed professional help, major help, and soon. Dean understood the look, glancing back the hundred feet to his still idling baby.
"No one would know."
for a refresher!
In the backseat, Sam's head fell back against the headrest a little more dramatically than necessary as the kid's transmission broke off when Dean elbowed him once more.
The key will show (back) up before 2013, I swear! Things you gotta remember about your favorite no good dirty rotten author: I'm verbose as f*** and I definitely play the long game XD
Sam handed the newspaper back to Ava, wondering if she might actually be who she said she was. A woman who saw people deaths before they happened. Another of Azazel's special kids, trying to do some good in the face of a demon who only wanted them to bring pain and death.
“A- a what?” the faker stuttered in shock, looking between the two hunters.  “I’m not a- are you insane?”
"You told me no more lies."
Which they all knew he never would have.
to me. I stand with you, even if I can't understand what you go through). To any of you in cities with protests and riots right now, please stay safe. Do what you gotta do, but do it as safely as possible and help others stay safe as well!
For good measure, he shoved a little harder and a little more downward.
Castiel hardly flinched, though the surprise of the hit – the buckshot ripping through the t-shirt Dean had been kind enough to offer her, piercing flesh and muscle beneath, and the strangled cry Angela had released before Castiel was able to shove her deep, deep down – was enough to make the angel blink in surprise and glance down at her damaged chest. She looked back up to Bobby Singer, standing in front of his desk, eyes blown wide as he realized who it was he'd just shot.
Bobby rolled his eyes, signed something Andy only got half of, and headed back into his house. The kid had to chase after him to learn what he'd said (and then spent another five minutes as the older man corrected his hand positions and drilled them into his head until he'd never forget. Bobby was a
When the back door of the bar opened, the older man leaning against the side paneling in his worn jeans and farmer's flannel looked up from idly picking his finger nails. His eyes slitted yellow as a blonde haired, blue-eyed woman exited the bar, reaching up to silver charm hanging around her neck as she spotted him. Azazel pushed off the side of the bar with an expectant grin. "So what do you think? Some grade-A material right there, no?"
version of Cas.
"Maybe because I never realized I was expecting- uh, asking for anything." Angela seemed to think he had been asking (unintentionally!) for a lot more than he'd intended. Cas seemed to think Dean had wanted, well, everything else. A tool against the Apocalypse, against the Leviathans, against the Mark and the Darkness after that. Dean didn't know which was worse.
"Little bit." Sam climbed out and Dean scrambled to follow.
"This is it." He nodded to himself, agreeing out loud in a room filled with nothing but the dead and what he had come for. The demon dug a knife from his hip, tracing slow steps around the perimeter of the stone coffin, eyes scanning the carved symbols. "Ah-ha. There you are."
for the idea of slitting Andy's throat and killing his ability to talk, therefore letting him stay in the story longer. (Look, DD, a note where I don't throw you under the bus! :D Well, mostly.) When Draconis mentioned it, I had just re-watched the season 2 Battle Royale, where Andy developed a secondary power which always bothered me.  Not the ability itself, but because it felt thrown in last minute just as a way to get Dean to Cold Oak and was not used for anything else the entire episode.  But DD's idea of removing Andy's ability to talk meant that power suddenly made sense, and I loved it as a fix-it :D  Plus...I apparently like hurting that boy...
with that next time, Cas!"
How had the douchebag even known when they were coming back first time around? He'd killed her on the anniversary of their mom's death. But would he have done that even if they hadn't returned in time, or if they'd come back early? How long had he been waiting for them to return - had he had Jess tied up all weekend? Did he have her tied up in there now? Dean couldn't remember anything from the police report – it wasn't like she'd been missing for the two or so days they'd been gone. Had the demon been watching for their return, instead?
Dean was not having this conversation (with Jo, or anybody else. And, for that matter,
That was bitchface number six right there. Oh goody, they'd upgraded.
He refused to bow to it, however. He wasn't going to leave or show this weakness, especially not a weakness caused by demon blood. It didn't matter how Dean had tried to reassure him, didn't matter if he knew this wasn't his fault. He would
"I'll check in with my progress, or when I find something."
"Smite me? He's an archangel."
Boy was beat up, apparently. Not that the Winchesters were surprised. They'd seen the damage firsthand.
The kid's mouth clacked shut and he looked properly chastised, turning to the brothers with a
She watched him for a moment after he trailed off, no longer sure how to put into words what was going through his head.  She picked up the Queen of Spades and slid it into her hand.  “Sounds like he got some bad news.”
He'd smashed the first jar clear across the room, but that had left a wall painted in blood, dripping, crawling,
The Winchesters dumped their plates in the kitchen, Sam promising to clean up in the morning and Dean knowing Bobby would do it long before they ever got to it, then headed upstairs. The ceiling above Bobby and Andy creaked about for all of five minutes before everything went dead silent.
The angel once more disregarded the hunter's attempts to goad her into a fight rather than face the logic of her argument. "There is another reason to return. I do not believe the entirety of the Host has corrupted. Some of my brothers will not stand for this. Perhaps they can be persuaded to turn against our superiors, should the time come that they must make that choice."
"So what's going on with you?"
(Humans still made no sense, but at least she once more had a guide to deciphering them.)
Andy struggled to speak through the grip, to tell him just how absurd and useless an idea that was, but nothing made it past the punishing hold. His neck hurt in a way he couldn't even describe, something hard but breakable inside his throat starting to creak beneath the pressure, soon to give, and he knew he'd be lucky if he walked away from this without permanent damage at this point. Andy scrabbled for Jonathon's hands, his fingers, his wrists, slapping and clawing at his forearms, internally reeling in pain as he caught himself on the knife still in the kid's hands, and yanked his now-bleeding arm away. But he couldn't stop trying. What would a nick to the wrist or a missing finger matter if he was
"It's probably not." More than just probably. It was how he and the Winchesters had gone too far, pushed too hard, and broken the world a couple of times as a result. And they never seemed to learn their lesson. "But it'll get you through the Apocalypse." And that's what mattered. After that…the world would be Castiel's to figure out. Cas could only take her so far down that road.
"There are other angels," Dean explained with a slight shoulder shrug, picking out a sugar packet from the square container on the table. He fiddled with it between his fingers. "A couple of 'em sided with Cas over the years, or at least seemed to care about him. It's possible they might answer a prayer if it's about him being in danger."
Azazel's glee dampened. That open, friendly demeanor, crazy as it had been, slunk off his form and left something dark and ugly and
Castiel opened her mouth to respond (was that a guilty look behind that stoic expression?) when a lady behind them in line suddenly bumped into Sam, a mumbled
Nothing happened, and Sam was forced to open his eyes to face the smiling demon again. He looked desperately over at Andy, then snarled at Azazel. He had to do
Ellen was still regarding him uncertainly. "And how exactly do you know where it's gonna be?"
name. Of all the brother's he could have decided to trust and then
-o-o-o-
(Btw, I'm very slow to get back and edit chapters, but feel free to point errors out. I take no offense to it and if you leave it in a review/comment for that chapter, it makes finding/fixing it suuuper fast later on :D)
The lady looked his way again, tilting her head to the side. Like a bird. A bird with big blue eyes that didn't blink nearly as often as they should. "Interesting. You are one of the children infected with demon blood."
“How’d you know?”  She directed her question at the older Winchester with a hint of a smirk.  The demon was clearly pissed, but in a calm sort of way that screamed ‘cat’ in the canary-who’s-about-to-get-eaten scenario.  Which put Dean on edge, considering he and his brother were definitely supposed to be the cats here.
"It's the Baku," Sam explained, eyes trained on his dad as his mind flew through the material he'd read on the beast.
“See you around, Sam.”
After that, it was back to the grind of everyday routine for a hunter. Catching a case, getting to town, talking with the witnesses, researching at the local library. Nights spent in dingy hotels and days driving place to place, stopping for gas and greasy diner food. Asking after Ava Wilson with a picture Sam had scrounged up from the internet somehow (Dean hadn't asked). No one ever knew anything about her, same as last time.
The brothers are back together, but not all is well in the Singer House.  Conversation, confrontation, and secrets are coming to a head.  Sam's utterly done with it while Dean's still trying to figure out how to be done with it.  An Bobby is Bobby.  Awesome and supportive, with the occasional tough love smack to the back of a deserving head (better duck, Dean)
Lilith bit her lip, fury still radiating off of her, but some of it had been placated.
"Father?"
And where the hell had they gotten that bloody gun?
"Great!" Azazel turned and started across the parking lot once more. Behind him, the woman frowned and did not move.
Cas did not seem to share in his friend's victory or amusement.
Dean might have promised he would tell his brother before he did anything stupid, but Sam hadn't been getting much more sleep than him. He needed the rest. Plus, Dean was still pretty sure Sam was going to insist on going with him. Follow him, at a minimum. And this was a stupid,
"She didn't look like the lady in the dream. She was blonde and had blue eyes." Although, thinking back on it now like he certainly hadn't been then, the two had been about the same height and build. "She had an accent. I thought it was maybe Yiddish, but it easily could have been one of the ones Bobby mentioned."
in this one.  You sit your ass there and rest.  I’ll take care of it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
in the cavernous amphitheater of his skull might sound like. Partly because he already knew; having racked up eleven concussions in his life, Dean had ample experience with skull-drilling head dwarves.
After a moment of contemplation, listening to the echoes of children at play, four legged animals in the fields and trees, parents talking – all the life that this park had seen for many years – the angel sat down on a bench and stared at the vacant, colorful structures. There was a reason Castiel's favorite memory of Arthur Staten's heaven was the park near his childhood home. This was not the same park, and even if it was there would be many years difference, but it carried with it the same beauty and life that Castiel had found so calming when he' first stumbled upon the autistic man's personal paradise.
Still, facing death and being the cause of it in another were two very different things.
He cursed Cas’s name over and over again because he could.  The guy could have at least left him with a manual or something.  Some friggin’ instructions for this crap.  A whole chapter on self-help entitled ‘Yes, You Can Change the Future’ would be good by him.
Balthazar apparently had the same thought, as he grabbed Castiel's arm and spread his wings. "Fly!"
Not that it would be, of course. Ever since the Winchesters had summoned him with the most preposterous, insane, and frankly suicidal idea of helping them avert the apocalypse, Crowley had been placing the chess pieces to make sure he was the one negotiating the Righteous Man's deal. If he was the one handling the transaction, it would be far easier to spin it to his own needs while screwing Hell (without them realizing it) and likely Dean Winchester as well (if he felt like it. Crowley hadn't made up his mind on whether or not he wanted to risk being on that hunter's wrong side yet.)
. That goddamn, no good-"
ones, guys!
Well, that wasn't completely true. Sam had asked about as many happy times as he had awful ones. Dean told him all about Jo and Ellen, that he'd get to meet them soon enough, whenever Ellen called so they'd have an excuse to go to the Roadhouse. He told him about Ash in all his mulleted glory, Charlie the redheaded little sister they never knew they wanted, Jody and her kids and that damn awkward dinner they'd shared over Alex's apparent soon-to-be-popped cherry.
He had their car, too. Victor wouldn't normally put too much stock in that kind of find. Criminals like the Winchesters were smart, usually too smart to stick with one car for long, which was how the FBI had been assuming they operated. Up until now. Because Henriksen knew everything there was to know about Sam and Dean Winchester on paper. That included everything about their family, like the purchase of a '67 Chevy Impala by one John Winchester thirty-three years ago. There was no record of John Winchester giving it to either of his sons. There was barely any record of John Winchester after 1983, the year Mary Winchester died in a house fire and the remaining Winchester family fell off the map. Henriksen hadn't thought anything of it; the man had ditched the car at some point, as any smart criminal would have.
He turned back, slowly – oh, so slowly and he would never make fun of those terrible actors and actresses in those awful horror flicks ever again – to face the woman. She hadn't moved, just remained standing beside the second bed with narrowed eyes and thinned lips that looked so terrifyingly like disapproval that Charles couldn't really move.
"I'm not just saying it, you now." The doctor was a middle-aged man of Indian descent with kind brown eyes and a smile that suggested a halfway decent sense of humor when he wasn't breaking terrible news to people. Sam had to remind himself not to take out his frustration – or impatience – on the man just doing his job, and a decent one at that. "A patient in a coma with his injuries and those stats? I would have called it the minute he came in."
“This plan- Hell’s plan, Heaven’s plan,
The younger of the two stared questioningly, but Dean shook his head. Instead, he moved for the hallway just off the stairwell that Sam had avoided due to it being tucked away in a far darker part of the room and perfect for an ambush from the Baku. "Come on, this place is a labyrinth. And it's well armed."
"Whoa, hey!" Dean cut him off, and Sam bit his tongue, already knowing he'd crossed the line, even if it was a small one. This wasn't Cas's fault, and both of the humans in the car knew it. "I know he's new to this whole thing-"
He smiled over at her, and if it was a watery smile, he ignored the crap out of it. "I got it."
"We can tell you when we get there." Dean's grip on the steering wheel loosened for the first time in about an hour. His fingers ached but he ignored it. The pain felt earned and deserved.
Which was a ridiculous exaggeration, considering they'd only been in Dayton, Ohio for the night and a breakfast stop. A stopover from the case they'd wrapped in Zanesville, heading back towards Sioux Falls for lack of a better direction to take. Lately, though, Dean was sick of everything that wasn't progress, and nothing felt like progress.
Dean glanced down both, shrugged his shoulders in utter indifference because he honestly had no friggin' clue, and went with right.
. In so many ways, that brother was a better version; a version that still had hope for a future that wasn't constantly stained with blood and death and friggin' misery. A version before Dean screwed up the one job John Winchester had ever given him. A version that wasn't broken, that didn't have the history of lies and the weight of Dean trying to make up for that mistake ever since.
“We’re not in the mafia, Jess.”
Dean let out a laugh that wasn't very mirthful even as Castiel nodded. "Bureaucracy in Heaven. Why am I not surprised?"
"I'll stay with him." He said it softly, but the conviction in his words was strong. Dean cast an anguished look between him and Andy, realizing Sam's words meant Dean needed to leave. Leave his younger brother and a kid that had sort of earned an honorary brother spot in his heart over the last few months.
As Cas's eyes widened, in a disbelieving, painful, suspicious way that quickly turned into something hurt, Dean knew he'd messed up. Cas thought he'd thrown those words out just to make him stay. Damnit, after
The older Winchester wanted to fold to those soft eyes, the only part of Jo that wouldn't be hardened in the future by her dreams of becoming a hunter. But Dean didn't know if he could – if he was ready to – risk his brother, risk the angel sleeping upstairs or any of their friends, on a pair of hunters he didn't know. Even if they had been keeping Jo safe for months now.
“It’s not even noon,” his brother groused.  “No one’s going to be playing pool in some dive bar.”
Dude, being dead sucked. Being dead and stuck with an unconscious angel sucked more.
He was a friggin
. Far more than she wanted anything else, including clinging to pride and ego. "I had a chance to take down the angel helping the Winchesters. I took it and I lost. It was worth the attempt, but now my schedule cannot afford any more delays. So you'll get no more risks from me, Lilith. Well, none that are optional to the plan, at least."
"No! Sam!"
Sam answered by leaning his head against the back of the seat and watching his brother struggle his way through the mud and into the tent.
Crowley had to think for a moment about what the Prince was implying (or even talking about, really. The summons was up to spiders now.
A peaceful silence settled between them.
Dean huffed, a smirk pulling at the corner of his mouth. "Yeah. Let's start with that."
"It's published?"
Sam regarded him for a moment before nodding solemnly.  His hardened stare turned a little softer.  “I believe you, Dean.  Whatever it is, you can tell me.”
-Silence
Dean had to admit, any show that got away with swearing on live television by doing it in another language was probably worth watching. If only to learn all the naughty words.
"Alright, let's go. Lead the way."
"You say you trust me, that you know I can take care of myself, but you don't
Sam released his arm to run that same hand through his hair, the other still holding Betsy. "What aren't you telling me?"
Well before, but Dean didn't really want to go into details.
But Angela didn't need to know any of that. Probably wouldn't pick up on it, either. She was smiling, likely thinking of what some of those memories would be. Dean wondered who her favorite people were. He'd never thought to ask, since Cas had assured him they were all dead. That had been his requirement for her to serve as a vessel.
He held up his badge as he spoke, and the young woman at the desk, a nametag pinned to her scrubs indicating her name was Amy, blinked in surprise and slowly forming alarm. To her credit, she didn't think twice as four security officers arrived from the stairwell located beside the elevators. Though she eyed them worriedly, Amy grabbed the other nurse manning the station with her and between the two of them, they started herding people back into their rooms or further down the hall. With a gesture from the FBI agent, two of those four guards went to assist the nurses.
gesture Dean didn't understand.
"Oh. Um. Well…" Chuck had to pause, had to actually think about that answer. Funny, that. No one had ever bothered to ask, including himself. The prophet smiled almost idly. "I think something big is coming," he admitted with a slight shrug. "And, well…it sounds silly, but….I want everyone to pull through."
look and going back to his hunched shoulders and bowed back. "That's kind of my point, Dean. Trying to avert your soul-deal, or stop Sam from dying, or a hellgate from opening is far more complicated than killing Lilith."
“I was
"Wait…" Andy said in sudden realization, turning to her. Amanda withdrew, hunching in on herself like she was expecting something ugly from him. "Did you say you hate cats? No one
of all people?
With reluctance born from even more bad news, Bobby offered over the younger Winchester's phone. He'd been at the mobile device ever since Sam told him Andy was missing, eyes all sorts of devastated as he delivered the news. "Sorry, boys, but the kid's phone is either out of range or outa battery."
– were stupid enough to get in bed with a demon. And not even by force or blackmail or bribery. Just…because. And it was all
Dean sorta tripped over his own feet and blamed a crack in the absolutely crack-less tiles they were walking across. He straightened back up and stared at the angel with incredulous eyes as they kept up the quick pace. "You mean you actually look like a middle-aged Martha with three kids and a minivan?"
He proceeded to the door, pulling out his lock picks and Sam followed after in a huff.
Dean swore under his breath. Full body scans were not
"He shouldn't have to be around me, Sam!" The second time was a lot louder, Sam almost flinching at the yell. "He shouldn't want anything to do with me, after what I did to him! After-"
"You're dead," Dean said incredibly evenly, holding Andy's half-lidded eyes. The kid had definitely taken a sabbatical of his own while they'd been upstairs, seeking out some comfort of his own in the form of good old Mary Jane. For once, Dean couldn't even fault him.
. It morphed into the wisdom of someone far older who saw much more than they simply wrote down, into the petulant pout of a creator whose creations had just very much been insulted, and most certainly into the narrowed eyes of a challenge accepted.
The Fed let out an exaggerated sigh, emphasizing his exasperation. Yeah, he definitely thought Gordon was playing a game. Probably the
Dean blew out a breath. "Look, I need you to trust me on this."
The Forest Ranger was still talking, though. He seemed to do that a lot.
"They're not exactly traits of a Warrior of God."
Dean balked, pulling his head back and letting go of the wall to stand normally. "You're one to talk."
"No!" Andy screamed as she didn't hesitate, opening the drawer closest to her and pulling out a second knife. She raised it to plunge into her own gut and Andy threw his hands out. "Tracy,
"So what now?"
-o-o-o-
! What the hell, we should have
Ballard just kept right on staring. Because of course it was.
A knock on the door caused the tall hunter to pause, looking over at the object in question with nothing short of surprise. Then the shock disappeared, shifting almost instantly into exasperation. Sam moved around the mattress, crossing the room with bitchface locked and loaded (when he saw it, Dean would probably label it a number five, or whatever stupid numbered list he kept in that brain of his). Sam pulled open the door with a little more force than was strictly necessary.
The angel blinked, processed that (she sometimes forgot that humans needed things like sleep, as she had no obligatory needs to relate to), and accepted it. Dean didn't though. The older Winchester was still staring at his brother. He wasn't so easily fooled. Something was definitely up, and it had just gone from an orange alert to pure red.
Then he was gone.
: I kind of like to think that when God stops writing, bad stuff is more likely to happen because he's not attending to the story. i.e: He goes to get dinner and Azazel starts dream walking through poor Sammy's head. Not saying Chuck would have stopped him, I don't think he interferes much, but I like to think maybe it wouldn't have gone quite so terribly if he'd been around to write it. If that makes sense… :P
The older Winchester groaned loudly, the sound almost coming out a growl. He scrubbed a hand through his hair harshly, both embarrassed and annoyed as he stared down #5 on the list of Sam bitchfaces. "You really wanna play the
Castiel's gaze dropped away from his superior, properly chastised. The guilt flowing off him was practically palpable. Perhaps it was the angel's flair for emotion that was the root of Zachariah's dislike.
Bobby placed the call and Andy tried to let it go. He knew it wasn't going to be that easy, and on the second night when the older hunter stumbled in on another panic attack, he offered the kid a post it note with the number for a therapist who knew the life. He told him they'd figure out the talking thing, but if Andy needed someone who actually knew their shit enough to help him…they'd get it for him. Andy had taken it with shaking hands and a weepy nod.
“You still said it.”
Sam climbed out of the Impala and Dean, cursing, followed suit.  This was way too similar to how it had gone down last time and, damn it, he thought he’d been doing it better.  He watched across the hood of the Impala as his brother stalked towards the Bus Depot
Dean froze, hands going for the rope around Cas's knees. Nope. Nope, nope, nope, he still wasn't going there. Still didn't want to know. Still just thinking about Cas looking like a human woman. Er, man. Whatever.
gone to plan? And he was asking, knowingly, years before the Apocalypse would join that list of things.
"I'll start looking for cities with temples," the hunter agreed. "Sumer was more famous for 'em, but Canaanite architecture wasn't far off, much as I can tell."
"I can't. Not when every time I close my eyes, I see…"
"Bobby? You hear me?"
There was a snort down the line, followed by incredulous silence as he waited for more and eventually realized it wasn't coming. "That's it? That's your big plan? What the hell's to stop them from following me?"
If they weren't already too late, of course. In which case, Sam would need the backup.
Beside him, Cas sighed deeply. Dean had come to realize that sound was one Cas made when he didn't want to tell him something, usually because Dean wouldn't like whatever it was. "I didn't have enough power to send you through time and maintain myself in 2016."
Dean couldn't help the pessimistic grumble. "I'm been wrong before, Sam."
.’  The prayer slipped out before he could stop himself.  Reaching out to the angel that way had become natural over the years.  Especially when he needed someone to talk to.
"Get dressed, Princess." Tom tossed her the pile. "It's time to meet your Prince Charming."
You're bringing this up
"What the hell, man?"
, who guessed the new location several chapters ago from Tom's leap year reference! That is some sharp sleuthing, friend, and I was ecstatic to see someone catch that hint ;D Second, kudos to everyone who remembered the poor train-pulverized Death Echo from the Morton house episode! Third, bonus kudos to those who identified the location not by name, not by episode, not even by the presence of the Ghostfacers, but by "the place where gay love pierced the veil of death." I just about died, so extra kudos to
-o-o-o-
"Same thing. Aren't they all based on books anyway?" He fetched the bottle of whiskey off Bobby's desk, pouring himself another finger despite having not finished what was in there already. "My point is, it's
“Maybe because it’s not your dream?”  Sam turned to face John.  The house they were in was clue enough as to whose construct this was and whose nightmare the Baku had pulled from.
A lot of pain.
terrified. "Well, maybe we should try-"
"He could have waited in the car," Dean argued, still muttering darkly. Sam spared him a look as he picked up one of the two gas cans they'd both gone back to the Impala for once the pyre was fully built. They didn't split up. Not in this town.
Dean volunteered for floor duty, snagging one of the sleeping bags Rufus kept stashed in the minimal storage space available in the cabin.  He was so tired he missed Bobby’s suspicious glare as he navigated the small lodge like he’d been there before.
Uriel's voice, while serious, did not quite match his features, which swirled with mirth and amusement, as they so often did around Castiel. The other angel was no good with humor, as he had been told on multiple occasions, and he never did understand what Uriel found so entertaining about his presence (endearing, was what Balthazar had called it, then he'd made a face at the idea of having anything in common with Uriel.)
"Who the hell are you, lady?" Dean twisted his shoulders violently to tug at the restraints, but it got him nothing but some even sorer wrists.
Sam bit back the urge to blow out a huff of air or bite his lip. Realization of just what he was tackling in both of them grew like a mountain of weight in his stomach. This wasn't going to be easy. Dean wasn't going to go willingly into this. His macho and capable big brother who was used to being the hero, was going to fight too and nail against accepting that he had been the victim here. Sam had his work cut out for him.
"That sounds like a loaded question, Castiel," Uriel hedged cautiously, still regarding his brother carefully. Castiel's grip on the edges of the couch were tight, and Uriel had no doubt it was all that was keeping him upright. As he had told the angel, Castiel was not ready to be on his feet.
his fault, being assaulted by her dickhead boyfriend, having to facilitate Sam's escape, and accusing her partner (in more ways than one) of cold-blooded murder.
, alright? "You're seriously gonna take your pissy-ness off on the angel?"
"Could it be Azazel's girl?"
His left heel caught on a rock and he very nearly fell, staggering to keep on his feet. There was no way he could keep this up. Eventually he'd trip, or misjudge the distance, or she'd get tired of toying with him and just charge.
He was sure it had been an angel. He'd seen enough of them, knew how they held themselves stiff in their vessels, the holier than though vibe that just wafted off of them in waves. But was this new? Was it a result of them going off radar, or had this happened the first time? Dean from 2006 wouldn't have thought anything of a weird guy in a suit who didn't leave much of an impression other than 'odd.'
"I knew it," Gordon sneered.
, and so on. Dean would get his head back on straight and all…this (whatever
Astarte was using his spelled will and Castiel's affections to torment them both. And he would kill her for it when he got them out of this.
. All so he would be a good soldier.
Dean had no friggin’ clue.  Either way, someone had to take care of the pastor’s wife and break her hold on the reaper.  So they might as well start there, and he could figure the rest of it out on the way.
Sam's knees hit the wet, uneven pavement in a way that should have hurt. That did hurt, but distantly, because the hurt was nothing compared to his back. Sam couldn't breathe. Or maybe that was the fluid filling his lungs. Blood, his brain supplied unhelpfully.
Zachariah charged for the Upper Archival Halls like an angel on a mission. He
. The look had been demented; the whole thing terrified Dean in a way very few things ever had. It was a moment his brain refused to forget, despite his best attempts.
Friggin' God, man!
"Andy could turn," Sam finished the thought aloud, dawning horror reaching his eyes as he looked back at the bloodied kid. Dozing lightly, Andy would moan or twitch on occasion and Sam wondered, partly in fear, what exactly he was dreaming about.
he was so tired) and Sam decided to head that conversation off too. "I didn't sleep well last night, is all."
"What were you doing there?" The older of the two asked, voice staying even despite the fact that he needed a good head cleansing and maybe a quick adjustment to his pants.
"What? Who?"
not go Mama Bear on people," Dean all but growled. He friggin' watched the way Jo's shoulders tensed up with restrained amusement and growled again, for all the good it did him. As his eyes landed back on his injured friend, the fight in him deflated and he sighed, scrubbing a hand through his hair with a half-hearted sigh of defeat. "Azazel tried to catch her in a trap."
Even now, alone in the cold and the dimming light, he was pretty damn close to passing out just from standing. There was no relief from the pain, which pulsed away at a steady, unbelievable nine. No give and take, surge or relief, and Andy really didn't know how much longer he'd be able to stay conscious. Keeping his feet under him and body upright was already possibly the hardest thing he'd ever done. Walking sounded so much worse. Searching was out of the question. Even breathing was a struggle, forcing air through the damage that burned and seared and cried for an end with every inhale. He was pretty sure his trachea was partially collapsed, if not sliced up and then somehow sealed shut in the most painful procedure
God knew what He probably
Hot damn shit
Cas was staring again, but at least this time it was directed at Dean's face. The hunter fidgeted as the silence turned from companionable and acceptable to just plain awkward. "So…uh…did you wanna…talk?"
Not that there was much escape in a dream, as they were quickly learning.
Which, come to think of it, should really be freaking him out. It all should, really, but those dreams had stopped disturbing him days ago. Maybe even weeks. He'd stopped freaking out every morning he woke up with a problem he had to take care of or a shower he desperately needed. He stopped freaking out that it was a man's body getting him off in his head every night. Or that it was
Not that he had to hunt, if he didn't want to. Which was what Sam kept telling him, despite the fact the kid continued to tag along. Dean had him pegged pretty well from the start. And not because he had a lack of self-preservation, or an abundance of self-loathing or anger, or a comfort with death and isolation, or any of the dozens of other issues that usually formed a soon-to-be-hunter. Nope. Andy was just too damn curious not to get answers, and too laid back to get himself out while he could. Terrible combo, really, but at least the Winchesters would be there to make sure a cat was the only collateral of his curiosity.
Cutting him down wasn't easy, and Dean had to do half the work since his little brother was seriously suffering from a concussion. But once he was free, Dean told Sam to sit down before he fell down ('
But Sam was pretty sure the Dream Root had nothing to do with his brother leaving dreamland early.
He could still breathe. Andy couldn't quite wrap his head around the fact that, despite the blood dropping out of him like Niagra friggin' Falls, and the thick, sticky clogging in his throat that tried to choke him, he was still breathing. Well, mostly. The panicky, shallow, hyperventilating way his lungs burned and his brain screamed in terror wasn't great, but his vision wasn't spotted anymore, and he was
The less-than-scandalized-no-matter-how-hard-he-argued-he-was little brother looking for blackmail and humiliation ammo because he had fallen behind by about ten years.
that, no matter what that itch beneath his skin thought. All he'd gotten this time was an injection and some spilled blood. He wasn't at his peak, like he'd been after that first jar. If only he'd had more. He needed more.
"You'd have to ask him that," she answered, which, damnit, is how she had always answered any time Dean asked, usually after one of the more outrageous tales of the man came up. The older Winchester managed not to pout only because Dean Winchester did not pout (and yes, he was sticking to that story, thank you very much.)
"Henriksen," the dark skinned man introduced himself with a shark-like smile that put Diana instantly on edge. Not because it was aimed at her in any real way, but because this was a man with a bone, and Diana didn't know who – or what – that bone was. "And I'm not here about Detective Sheridan or your precinct's corruption scandal, though I can say it is an impressive one."
Andy nodded his head at the jacket tied around her waist, one arm reading
“Uh-huh.”
"However you want, Dean." The angel scooted purposefully back an inch, the hunter's erection sliding perfectly between his ass and Dean had to focus on breathing evenly. He bit back the moan as his dick reminded him with a twitch just where it wanted to be. Castiel grinned down at him, knowing exactly what he was doing, and leaned down until he was laying atop Dean, their chests pressed together. "I would have you in every way, in every room in this bunker. But, perhaps it would be best if we start slow."
His brother’s eyes practically bulged out of his head and it would have been funny if the subject matter was anything else.  Eh, it was still a little funny.
Andy's head popped up between theirs, causing Dean to lean away with a tsking sound. The kid really should give them some warning. And wear his damn seatbelt!
Jimmy opened his mouth to suggest finding her some new clothes, because intimidating or not, Jimmy had spent enough time in a hospital after his appendectomy to know that her rear end was very much not covered right now. But the angel leaned into his personal space, cutting him off before he even got started.
The look Sam sent his way – the smug-as-shit one that said '
Chuck was, apparently, 'catching up'.
this for the last eight months?
to happen, some things just
"But," Sam picked up where he'd left off, "how many people set themselves on fire at a gas station."
"I'd find you and murder you."
Sam couldn't help but laugh. Her fingers were warm on his, almost tingling, actually, and the hunter felt tension ease out of his shoulders and away from his mind like a handful of water he couldn't hold onto. As she dabbed at the cut, he received a glare – probably for laughing – but there was no heat in it, and it made him grin wider.
The man from the future stiffened, immediately cursing his brother's ridiculous intelligence and instinct. Okay, so, maybe he hadn't told Sam everything, he hedged in his own mind. But he'd told him everything that seemed important at the time.
She hoped it wouldn't cost Sam and Andy's too.
Well, there was one person – one man – who did seem to know something about it. Rachel drew herself up, grace hardening with resolve. If their positions were reversed, Castiel would do whatever was needed to ensure her safety. As her brother, her leader, her
"The demon blood," Sam supplied. And the demon supplying it. A wave of disappointment, new this time, washed over him. It was for himself, which was weird. He was disappointed – devastatingly and shamefully so – at a version of him that had made bad calls, in a life he had never lived.
Dean fell face first on the bed, his answer muffled by the questionably stained pillow case (eh, he’d seen worse).  He couldn’t imagine voluntarily spending time out in the woods.  Without internet, or coffee, or freaking TV.  No thank you.  He would take his motels with their questionable stains, crappy instant make, and never-working ice machines.  And then they would go home and he could curl up happily in his room and appreciate four walls and a door more than he had in almost his whole adult.
Sam heard fabric scuff against dilapidated wood and realized Gordon was shrugging. "He was dangerous, Sammy."
It was Winchester level stupid. Which is probably why they did it, because Dean Winchester was not capable of looking a person in the eye, knowing firsthand the fate they were about to suffer, and turn his back on them. There wasn't a person on the planet he wouldn't try to save from a lifetime on the rack downstairs. That was just one of his crosses to bare.
The two brothers carried chairs from the kitchen and a mug of disgusting smelling yellow tea down to the basement and into the panic room. Caleb lived in Lincoln, Nebraska: a solid three hours away from Bobby's even if Meg broke all speed limits and killed any cop who pulled her over.
. Something Dean would
"Would that work?" Andy glanced between the two. "I've never exactly had a chance to test my powers on zombies."
-o-o-o-
bed in
"Kid, you need a doctor," Dean argued, though there was no heat in his tone, only worry.
One of the nurses silenced the heart monitor, killing the shrill alarm that had been crying out ever since Dean's EKG flatlined. A second nurse handed over the paddles to another doctor, and the attending physician pulled back, ending the chest compressions. One of the nurses yelled 'Clear!', and Sam bit back a sob and the water gathering in his eyes as his brother's body jolted with the electricity they sent straight to his heart.
Maybe he could ask Cas about it. Yeah, they were in his head, but Cas was sorta a resident there too, so maybe the angel would know what was up with Dean's subconscious beer-blocking him. The hunter made his way back towards the library, still in no rush and allowing himself more to stroll through the memories of his home (which, admittedly, would have been nicer with a frigign' beer in hand).
Damn, he really thought he'd come further than this.
Dean was up and out of the chair in a millisecond flat, the wooden legs scraping across the cheap linoleum loudly enough to cut the angel short.
"Damn," Daniel swore again, resting his head back against the pillar and staring up at the dilapidated ceiling. "I'm sorry, kid."
Dean looked at Bobby, who sighed and leaned over to jerkily pull open the top drawer of his desk. He drew out the legal pad, curling yellow pages covered in his scrawled hand, and plopped it down on the desk.
The angel watched the hunter carefully, indecision beginning to show in the cracks of his stoic mask. Eventually, he turned to look at Sam, wrapping up his useless discussion with the doctor. Cas ducked his head for a moment, took a deep, resolute breath, and turned back to Dean.
He cracked the yet-untouched beer in his hand open and took a chug. God, his life sucked.
"Yeah?" Daniel rolled his neck, immediately regretting the motion as the bite mark flared and he flinched. "Don't mind my skepticism. I'm just not feeling a lot of faith in your future knowledge at the moment."
Cas huffed and Dean was happy to hear a little bit more of that holier-than-thou angel he knew and loved. He didn't like seeing the more subdued version of his friend, talking about events they couldn't escape no matter what they did. It rang with the bitter taste of a deadbeat dad and an entire liquor store consumed in one go.
"Jesus, Cas, I couldn't talk to you! I fucking raped you!"
"Damnit," the older hunter hissed, shoving the weapon back into his waistline and scrambling to his feet. He charged the demon as soon as he was upright; it was a kamikaze move – a fool's move – but he had no other choice.
"How, uh…" He released Cas's cock and settled on his hips again, his own need trapped between them and reminding him with every roll of the angel's pelvis that it could be participating too. "How do you want to…?"
like them.  He’d been having those dreams for days.  Dreams of Jess, on the ceiling.  Of… Of exactly what Brady had described.  Said he would do to her.  And he’d
Castiel greatly doubted that was Astarte's opinion on the matter, but he stayed silent as Dean worked him open so that when he entered him it would not tear. That was his understanding, at least, and focusing on the mechanics of it all was easier than the actual activity. Activity like the way he could feel each crevice and bump of Dean's cuticle and knuckle catch ever so slightly against the ring of muscle with each push in. Like the way he could feel the shape of Dean's second joint slip past, spreading him ever so slightly wider. Cas could picture that knuckle perfectly. Knew the dimensions of it. The number of wrinkles spread across the joint. He knew every inch of Dean's body, as no one else did.
The angel eyed him for a moment, her explanation on pause, before she continued without comment. "He was in the G's. I know the approximate location. We will split up and search the rooms."
even more space because, damnit, Cas had been friggin' right all along. Their friendship had changed. It was strained – an absolute mess – and Dean didn't know how to fix it. Couldn't turn off what he'd heard from his best friend.
He snorted, dropping his hands from his face. Right. Like the Universe gave that much of a shit about him – any of them – to begin with. The man from the future rallied himself, shaking off the bitter, asshole version of Dean friggin' Winchester that liked to surface now and then and dig a cynical hole straight back to Hell. The hunter reminded himself that Cas was here. Mostly safe, mostly okay, and would get better. That counted for something.
I've kind of been assuming that you all either enjoy my little A/N rants and behind-the-scenes tidbits or just skip them if they're not your thing. But maaaybe someone should tell me if they're annoying, because I can also cut them out. As if the A/N rambles at the start of each chapter weren't hint enough, I am a *little bit* of a chatterbox. (Just a little ;P)
There was a light huff down the line and he could hear the smile in his dad’s voice.  “I’m fine.”
uncomfortable. Like touching his chest was the most satisfying, wondrous thing in the damn world. Which Dean wasn't thinking about, because he'd done
Flashing red and blue lights, police tape, and a newspaper article about the bodies found at Cold Oak.
judgmental eyebrows.
Dean's voicemail started up as the ringing abruptly died, and Sam tried not to let that worry him. He was just going to have leave his brother a message, ask Dean if he knew anyone by the name of Ava Wilson, and what her vision might be about (Sam didn't know anyone currently after him. Maybe there was a case here, after all?) Then…Dean would get back to him as soon as he could. You know, when he was done pulling off his fool-hardy plan of summoning a potentially antagonistic angel alone, without his younger brother as backup.
"Did he harm you?"
"How?" When Bobby's gaze shifted to Asa, he gestured to the notes in front of him. "How can you tell they've moved up their plans?"
But they’d saved their dad, Bobby was alive and okay, and Meg was dead.   The amount of guilt and self-loathing radiating off his brother wasn’t adding up.
"We gotta go," he said, words rushed. His heart was still racing, brain managing some level of panicked calm that was required in his pick of careers. But he knew the consequences of the FBI finding them here. Consequences they could not afford right now. "We gotta go
Dean's head turned sharply to the side, a frown immediately taking over his features. A woman? Could it be Ruby? Or Azazel's girl? His fingers unconsciously tightened around the plastic casing of the phone.
– would do to his brother's psyche.
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
Rachel lifted her limb, observing the sharp line of brilliant, leaking light without any of the alarm of her companion. Several of the angels sparring on either side of them halted as well, but she waved them on. As third in command of the Flight, with one gesture from her the other angels resumed their mock battles without question. Rachel lowered her arm and turned to the newe3st member of the Unit.
The angel was not looking towards his friend and charge. He didn't even allow himself to view Dean in his periphery. The man he'd fought for, bled for, died for, so many times Castiel had lost count. The man he'd eventually fallen for in every last meaning of the word. Castiel knew this man too well and did not want to see the surprise that would steal his breath away. The stunned confusion that would glass his eyes, turning green depths watery. The hurt that would wrinkle his forehead and pull his eyebrows close together. Then he'd run his tongue over his bottom lip, run the skin rough beneath his top teeth. And were he not tied up, Dean would surely throw his arms out, blink through the emotion until his voice was steady and he didn't look like he was going to let those tears fall, and then he'd ask…
Damn, how long had he zoned out for?
Sam looked pissed at him making light of it, but it was a misdirect that would keep him from digging deeper, at least for now.  He certainly adopted that expression that said he knew Dean didn’t trust him.  But he didn’t say much, just settled back with a full grown man’s pout and indignantly insisted, “It’s Sam.”
in his not-so-many worded note.
"I just need to get a couple hours sleep where this thing can't reach me." John set his duffel down, the clack of metal barrels within a surefire tell of what the canvas bag was full of. "Then I'll be out of your hair."
Jess took it pretty well.  At least, as well as a civilian with no clue as to what was going on could take her boyfriend coming home in a half panic, packing their bags, and insisting they had to leave.  The usual questions came up:
, where had Dean even
The Winchesters found the first body about ten minutes in. Scott, going off Andy's description of an emo male.
The struggle had been brief. The clown hadn't known who he was dealing with, clearly. Sam took an elbow to the face, Dean skirted a throwing knife by less than an inch, but it ended with a clown dead on the ground, dagger sticking out of his chest.
The angel gave a nod as serious as her gaze, but when he opened his eyes, Sam was pretty sure he saw the corner of her mouth twitch. "You are welcome, Sam."
Cas huffed again, fighting against the irritation that was dealing with the unmovable wall of Winchester Martyrdom that had ever existed in time and space. "It will be. It has to be, Dean. You need to trust in that. And stop overthinking it."
Right. Ghost.
Oh, but the way the tips of his ears turned red, so much so that she could tell even in the dark car, was
"Why not?"
matte and glaringly white through patches of abused, bright red, glossy skin.
True to form, the guy didn't speak up and Asa continued with his offer. "This seems like a family thing and we only got an invite because we were escorting a pretty lady here."
The next morning as they climbed into the Impala, Sam told Dean they wouldn't need two rooms after all. Predictably, the older brother spent the next several minutes shamelessly ribbing the 'happy couple', until Andy leaned over the front seat and said, "You know I can convince you that your shaving cream tastes better than any pie in the world, right?"
Agent Frehley's attention was elsewhere, though. Brown eyes focused on something behind Dr. Richards, and the man's shoulders drew back suddenly, spine straightening to his full height. Before Hank could turn to see what had drawn the agent's attention, the brown-haired man was shaking his hand again.
"Not my story to tell."
"Good." Sam nodded, a small, bittersweet smile on his lips that was meant to encourage. It didn't really work, but Dean didn't have the heart to disappoint his brother, so he tried to smile weakly back.
. Sam would keep a tight grip on his immediate reaction, doing his own part to lessen how hard this was for his brother and, honestly, for himself. He'd ask questions, get Dean to clarify, usually concerning context. Sometimes he would ask what they were going to do to change it. Dean rarely had answers to those questions, but Sam didn't stop asking them.
This time Dean did roll his eyes. Ignoring the second part of Mark's words, he explained curtly, "The message we broadcasted all over town, asshole, telling everyone to get inside and stay there. Funny that you didn't listen."
"Crap," the older Winchester breathed out, shoulders finally sagging. "Are you okay?"
But Sam was already moving for the door.
Mark's frown only doubled, bafflement almost winning over the anger. Beside them, the Tanner kid stiffened and across the room, Sam started towards them. Dean took that last step into the Sarge's personal space and opened his mouth.
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
Dean glared pretty damn deadpanned at his unhelpful (and ungrateful) angel. He held up Cas's wrists by a single finger hooked under the rope binding them together. "So how do I pull this one out?"
Sam's eyebrows went up and yep, he was definitely reading that look right as it got worse.
Bobby snorted something unseemly, which had Dean glaring at him again, but the more distressing reaction was Sam's climbing eyebrows. The kid was clearly starting to catch on to Bobby's amusement. Dean opened his mouth to cut that off right at the head, here and now, damnit, when Castiel looked up at him rather than down at his chest.
“I need you to take down these names, Sam.”
"He has six," the demon answered, that lazy smile back in place. "We don't know which is which."
“That’s for Ellen and Jo, you demonic bitch.”
-o-o-o-
claim – to the single, declaring rock-paper-scissors an inadequate and unfair decision making paradigm. Probably because he never won at it. Sam didn't mind, though. He'd been wanting to talk to Andy ever since they'd had to shake him yesterday morning.
"Yeah?" His immediate response was more bitter sarcasm than a serious question, but Cas answered it anyway.
His older brother paused, almost tripping over his own feet as he looked at Sam. "It's his head," he repeated. Sam nodded, though he wasn't sure what revelation his brother had stumbled over. "This is
"So you can frame me, too?"
She reached over and Sam immediately drew back to press himself against the wall once more.  Meg smiled lewdly up at him through those thick lashes as she slipped her hand into his front pocket.  He made a grab for her wrist, but quickly found his arms pinned back to his sides.  With a leer and a lot more wiggling than necessary, Meg withdrew his phone with a clicking of her tongue and Sam wanted to throw up.
"Then we don't have a guinea pig and I can't get you out of Hell without abandoning everything else." Tom let the words sink into the blood, the bubbles settling with general aversion. Then, fighting back the urge to smirk, he added, "You are the one that said we didn't have time to pull anyone out of Hell if they got themselves exorcised-"
"A couple potentials," he answered when he was done with the OJ. The kid lowered the newspaper to lie across the table, a few articles, most of them small, circled in red sharpie, like he was job hunting. In a way, Dean figured they were. "A language professor at Princeton went missing from his office. Turned up in Wyoming a week later, dead."
were skeevy. So nope. Nuh-uh. No way. Dean Winchester might not be classy, he sure as hell wasn't skeevy.
') and quickly moved towards the pharmacy section where he could pick up those bandages. He tried not to think about the relief it would be to meet back up with his brother and his angel as soon as possible.
Sam sat upright at that, turning fully around in surprise. "You could do that?"
"Hey, Cas."
She couldn't even look at Pete's body, so she sat outside on the stoop of the warehouse and waited for her coworkers.
"I don't even know who that is, Dean," he bit back, though his tone was one that said 'suck it'. He grabbed a jacket and threw it on as he opened the door. "Cas, don't listen to anything he has to say. The only stuff you'll learn from Dean's choice of shows is how to pick up chicks. Poorly, too."
He sighed, and the sound was rough, even for a god. "I walked away from the angels, and they're just starting to figure out I'm not coming back. If I step in and solve it now… when the time comes that I'm gone for good, they
"Sacramento PD just faxed us that. Look familiar?"
Sam was dead. He was sure of it. The kid hadn't moved in far too long, and the amount of blood gathering under him was damning. His back was to him, lying on his side with his head awkwardly angled to form a dam against the growing puddle of red. Maybe it was better that way. Dean didn't think he could survive seeing Sam's lifeless eyes one more time in his life.
(Again, how exactly were they going to change that this time around? Cas wasn't actually answering
, okay? Plus, the girls were hot. And Sam kind of reminded him of this one character…)
Sam followed after into a long hallway with square-arched intersections and high-tiled walls. All of the doors along the hallway they entered were closed and the couple that he tried were solidly locked. Nice, heavy wood structures all labeled with a number and a different set of symbols inlaid within a circle of gold. "What is this place?"
"Did you give her Bobby's number?"
thing!" he yelled, way above indoor voice level. Dean could feel his entire face growing red. From embarrassment, sure, but more so from anger and barely contained murder rage. Of course, he probably couldn't murder Angela without hurting Cas at this point, or at least making the guy go find another vessel…. Dean went rigid as that thought – more of a dalliance than anything serious – made him realize something entirely else. Something that definitely made his face go red with embarrassment. "Can he hear this?"
"If- if you don't mind…" Karen trailed off as she released the key, arm falling limply back to her side. She sniffed again, wiping at her nose with the back of her hand, barely keeping it together. "There's a photo on Tony's desk. It's of us, in Paris." She let out a little self-deprecating laugh, and even Dean felt for this woman. "I…it's silly, but, I can't stop thinking about it..."
The hunter shook his head, forcing himself to focus as he started checking rooms, stairwells, even janitor closets. Meanwhile, he viciously bit back the desperate, screaming fear that his father wasn't going to be summoning a demon in some supply closet.
"Yes, well, I believe you tried that already," Cas snorted right back. Dean rolled his eyes but, yet again, the angel wasn't
"Garth's dead."
He staunchly kept his eyes on his older brother and didn't dare look back at that puddle.
The goddess smiled into Dean's ear as she whispered words Castiel could not hear. In response to whatever she had commanded, Dean ran his bottom lip through his teeth, fighting back a grin that made Castiel shiver in his arms. The angel tried not to focus on that particular movement. Or the human's mouth in general. In fact, best not to look at Dean at all until this had come to its natural conclusion, be it his death or Astarte's.
He didn't bother explaining, despite his brother's pinched eyebrows and affronted tone. Dean really didn't want to get any further into this mess – or the potential this had to become an absolute mess - than they already were. They just needed to lead Jo to H.H. Holmes and his underground chamber
Enjoy!
Sam knew Dean was trying, however poorly, to lighten the mood, but this really wasn't the kind of thing he was ready to joke about.
The angel nodded and crossed the room, passing him in the doorway to follow Sam up the couple of floors. Dean paused again, eyes lingering on his dad, who didn't look like he was planning on getting up or sneaking away anytime soon. He looked more likely to take a nap than summon a demon.
"Yeah, you should have," he answered calmly and matter-of-factly. Dean winced at the response, but it was nothing more or less than he deserved, in his opinion. Besides, Sam had said it without heat or accusation: just stating fact. "But you won't always be. You can't always be. And I handled it."
Yeah. Right.
been going on for? And how the hell did he not do it going forward? He supposed he could just not look at Cas ever again. Bigger sacrifices had been made in the name of manliness.
Karen and Tony?"
"This is a trap." A new voice – a feminine voice – came from the space Dean had stepped out from moments ago, and was followed by a voluptuous, unclothed woman, adorned in an ornate gold choker and hefty bangles. A half-moon crown of white stone sat atop her loosely gathered bun. "Hello, angel."
The angel looked downright fidgety, and her gaze briefly dipped back towards his chest. "No. Nothing urgent. I am just… checking in?"
Gordon was lying. He
Dean…Dean didn’t know what to think.  What to do.  Demon blood hadn’t even been on the list of things to fix Sammy.  Hell, if it had been, it would have been at the damn bottom, below selling his soul and summoning fucking Gabriel in a ring of Holy Oil.
had remade the bindings of this soul. He had meshed together the broken pieces, irreparably altered and shattered by their time in Hell, and bound the revitalized life to the human flesh that stood before him. Castiel resisted the very un-angelic need to step away from that realization and all that it entailed.
, you MORONS."
"Damnit," Gordon hissed, kneeling on his good leg, one hand clamped down on the bad thigh, the other still holding the knife. He got back to his feet, keeping most of his weight off of his bleeding leg. He grinned at the other hunter, who so far hadn't gone for that gun he knew was tucked in his waistline. "Low blow. What's wrong, Sam? Don't got it in you to shoot me?"
She shook her head, black hair and yellow ribbons tossing side to side.  “No.  We break him, we break the first seal.”
"Well…I believe that those doubts you're having? They're the first step. A sign that you can be what Dean needs." She looked up at him, meeting his human eyes almost tentatively. He knew what she was thinking. That she wasn't even completely sure she wanted that. Yes, she worried she wouldn't be what Dean needed, but she worried more that she wouldn't
-o-o-o-
The silence got darker: deeper and lonelier. Sam didn't regret asking, but he knew immediately he didn't want to hear the answer. He was pretty sure he already knew it, after all.
Dean pressed down on the gas, Baby surging forward with a rev of her powerful engine.  “We gotta get to her apartment.  Start looking for an address.”
doesn't deserve that."
"I don't need you to be useful, Cas. I just- I just need you to…be. Here." He trailed off lamely at the end, the grip on the neck of his beer bottle tight enough that he probably would have hurt himself if any of this were real. He sighed and set the bottle safely on the table, off to Cas's side. "I know I haven't- wasn't there for you a lot lately. Uh, in the last couple years, I mean. Sometimes Sam and me… we get caught up in our own shit. Forget about everyone else and that- that's not…"
With any luck (not that the Winchesters were ever used to having any), they'd lay her to rest once and for all and be back at Bobby's in time for dinner.
clown
Something ugly pooled in his stomach. On anyone else it might have been dread. On Peter Sheridan, it was just anger. He took off at his own decent pace towards Dean Winchester's room – determined to finish this once and for all – but drew up short as he rounded the corner to an armed officer standing guard outside the door.
"I got it," Sam announced with a wide grin, even as he pulled the phone from his ear, hit a button and followed it with the speakerphone.
Quite suddenly, Dean couldn't get enough air.
His brother cast him a sidelong look, eyebrows raised but expression otherwise blasé.
"Anal intercourse will not cause me permanent damage," Cas responded, trying to keep it as impersonal as possible. "But I will not be able to heal any injury until the cuffs are removed."
"Who are you to command me?" the angel challenged, once more eyeing the flames at his feet, looking for the weakness or error that would allow his escape. This time, he would be reporting his infraction to Heaven right alongside this ridiculous and unheard of behavior of a hunter summoning and imprisoning an angel of the Lord.
Sam burst into the vampires lair – literally,
Sam didn't care at that moment if he scared his brother off. Dean was falling apart. He reached out again, gripping his shoulder harder, refusing to be shaken off. Dean needed this. Needed to be grounded, needed to know he was still deserving of touch, of love. Sam knew his brother too well, and he could only begin to imagine what this – what having been forced to do
"Me and Cas…what?"
Castiel closed his eyes and resisted the very human urge to groan. When he opened them again, his brother was still standing in front of him, despite the fact that he was most certainly not, because he was
"This doesn't end with them," Dean added darkly, no longer looking at his brother but those burning bodies. He hadn't stayed behind to clean up Cold Oak the first time. Sam's death had been all consuming, but he knew how many bodies they would have found in that town had he and Bobby stuck around. How many more funeral pyres would have been built. How one of them would have been for Sam, and still could be. "Azazel won't stop. Being stuck down in Hell isn't going to hold him back for long. He'll bring more of you here, and they'll die too."
"-almost everyone we know is going to
"We'll trap him in his own torture chamber," Dean answered easily enough, thinking back to their plan the first time around. It had worked well enough then, no reason they couldn't do that again. "We'll get the girl out, wait till he shows back up looking for her, and trip a salt circle along the walls. Then we seal the entrance and Holmes spends the rest of eternity in his own little circle of cement hell. Was the guy's dying wish, after all."
and your wardrobe palate goes about as far as dried animal hide."
– Dean was oddly relieved to know he wasn't the only one struggling with the pronouns.
Cas hesitated for only a second, before he met their bottles as well. There was something somber on his face, but a light in his eyes that kept Dean's grin from faltering. "Family."
"D-A-D."
Dean arched a brow at him.  “Uh…Dean.  Now that introductions are out of the way…”
It was the urgency in his voice that finally did it.  She turned and started towards the tent at as fast a pace as she dared.  By the time she hit the opening she was running.
"Dean, who did you go see?" Sam was staring at him hard now, expectation and no small amount of concern seeping from every inch of his body. Bobby looked to be about the same. "Where were you for the last two days?"
Well, sort of.
to them. Oh, it's a Victoria Secret night. Cas did look damn good with those wings. Hm, hot springs in the mountains. Dean liked the way the water lapped around them and the heat of it everywhere. Last night had been another one in the barn, but this time there had been no sex goddess and Cas had begged for it, so desperate and clawing and indulgent that Dean had woken up, the front of his boxers soaked, well before they'd gotten to the good stuff.
"Will you be able to come back?" Sam asked worriedly. Dean hadn't gone into a ton of detail on Heaven or their rules, but he understood well enough what they were asking Cas to do here, and he was pretty sure it was an imprisonable offense. If what she was doing on Earth was discovered while she was up there, Sam wasn't sure how they'd possibly get her back.
"Well, I'm close to cracking this guy's password, but it'll be another half hour, at least."
Legally, they were obligated too, but it wouldn't be the first time they'd told a suspect otherwise. But Dean hadn't asked for one while in interrogation, so he must have when Diana was alone with him in Holding.
Dean reached down and hauled their father to his feet, slinging one arm over his shoulder to support him.  “We know what it is now.  Game’s up; either it doesn’t need dad anymore, or it’s given up on getting his location.  Either way, we gotta get out of here
find you?"
"Don't hurt yourself," Sam parried immediately, earning a glare. He didn't bother looking up from the phone, entering another failed passcode. He was close, but he was tired and didn't feel up to hooking his computer up to the device for a more thorough attempt.
: Dun Dun Duuuuuuun!
Andy gave it a minute, and then another dozen, before he tried just a simple, single swallow. His fingers shook against the hard ground in anticipation of the pain, and the pain did not disappoint. His throat convulsed, neck straining as he unconsciously stretched his head forward to physical get away from the clamping sensation of his neck internally strangling itself. His eyes slammed shut, face and body clenching up at the fresh wave of pain, searing and unbearable. Oh god. Andy dug his fingers into the ground, dirt caking under his fingernails, and tried not to scream. Not that anything would come out if he did.
The note just said, '
Dean nodded, turning the key in the engine.  “Then that’s where we start.”
for weeks or the angel's tone that had her feeling just as calm about it, too. "After that, your body will be returned to its current state."
The hunter internally cursed every bone in this woman's body while externally he blushed bright red and tried to hide it by ducking his head, mind on a completely different conversation held almost entirely via a rearview mirror.
It was only too easy in the end.  He’d forgotten how simple hunting had been when the demons still underestimated the Winchester boys.  Okay, they’d never really
By noon on Andy's third day in the hospital, his improvement was physically visible. He was no longer on a heart monitor, he'd convinced the nurses to let him get up and move around (primarily with the argument that he was capable of making it to the bathroom, so they could take the damn catheter out), and while he was still on a diet of mush, mush, and more mush, he was IV free and Dean was using his flirtatious nature with the nurses to sneak him extra chocolate puddings with all meals (he'd even gotten Lotte (nurse Ratchet) to bring Andy one as a midnight snack once). Despite Andy's complaints (delivered in the form of very expressive looks), all the mush felt good on his throat, and it was nice to actually eat something that wasn't in the form of an IV or nutrient-enhanced water. More that that, it was a relief each time just to know that he was still capable of eating (a serious concern when he'd first woken up to a liquid diet and a very swollen throat) and that he would get to eat real, solid food again in the future.
The demon scoffed but was gone with the parting words of, "Gotta love a man with manners."
know where he'd gone. Or come back from. Or what he'd spent two days doing.
, Dean added hastily. Definitely alive, just hidden. In case someone came looking for the angel. It was worth checking, right?
Sam bolted off the floor, but Azazel's power was still wrapped around his left side, keeping him pinned to the desk, which jerked and screeched with his desperation. "No!"
“What are you going to do?” Dean asked mockingly.  “You going to lock her in the panic room without an explanation?  Sammy, it’s in the basement.  It looks like a friggin’ war bunker out of a horror movie.  She’s going to think we’re serial killers.”
Beside him, John finally collapsed into unconsciousness.  The Baku eyed the fallen hunter before turning those fierce irises to Sam.  He swore he saw the taunt there as the creature dipped his head back down and started feeding, all but ignoring the now defenseless hunter.
"Well I sure wasn't getting arrested! Know how I know? I'd remember that!"
He shoved the notebook back into his bag without further detail as Dean hugged Layla goodbye and headed for the driver side door.
-o-o-o-
"Balls," Bobby breathed out against the butt of the shotgun, grip tightening on the trigger and barrel. Dean cast him a precautionary look, but the old hunter wasn't watching and he probably wouldn't have bothered responding even if he had.
Castiel sat upright, pulling wires and tubes tight with the movement. High pitch noises began screaming from the machines lining the wall around the bed, and the angel waved them into silence with a hint of annoyance. The new location in the hospital room was disorienting, as was the weakness of this new vessel, being kept alive by grace alone.
Dean shrugged, clearing his throat past the weird ache there. "It isn't a lie."
It was like moving molasses. In the winter.
"Castiel." Sam was busy prying sheets of crunched and dented metal off the equally damaged frame of the right side of the car. Dean had finished the driver's side before lunch, but Sam had insisted he was recharged enough for the task. He'd already gotten the passenger door almost fully stripped. It had been pretty easy, suffering far less damage than the back door he was currently struggling with.
He’d missed that thing.
-o-o-o-
"Oh, that's a load of horse shit and you know it."
The hunter smiled bitterly down at the carpet as he let the curtains go.  Like he hadn’t thought of that a hundred times.  “Some people, maybe: not Dean.  Besides, the night he grabbed me from Stanford he was the same snarky ass I remember.  And even if that was some weird exception, you’ve seen him over the last four years.  Does he seem like Dean to you?”
"Where's my brother, Gordon?"
novel. Your publisher sent me."
All eyes turned on him, and Dean frowned, pinching his face and pulling his head back at his family. "I already promised not to, what more do you want?"
Meanwhile, it took quite a lot of restraint on Dean's part not to tell him to stop talking to Gordon entirely. That asshole shouldn't even know Sammy's name, let alone be talking to him. But it would be a hell of a lot more suspicious than just dismissiveness were Dean to call him out on it. So the older Winchester gritted his teeth and stayed quiet, trying to remember how this went the first time.
(An understanding necessary because he'd murdered her son of a bitch surrogate father figure and all his buddies who'd been doing nothing but using her, but that's not how
Jo and Ellen exchanged glances. Asa held his gaze despite Bucky checking his way. But Dean wasn't playing here, and he wasn't about to spill ten years of secrets, some quite literally out of this world, to anyone who thought he might be.
“Sam, huh?  So,
"It's not going to fix itself overnight, Dean," Sam admonished, though his words were not unkind. "You need to
"No," Castiel answered roughly, an apology clear in his rather expressionless face, which seemed to be a thing for the angel of the Lord. "Your immediate family and fiancé were killed in the car crash that put you here."
having psychic dreams.  If only so the feel-good comfort of offering his brother so much support wasn’t tainted by the bittersweet knowledge that he was once again lying his ass off to his family.
and the kid performed the Latin exorcism without a hitch.  This time, though, they sent the bastard back home with a message: Leave Jess out of this.
, but not like he had on the demon blood. This strength felt like himself and, he realized, blinking away the watery emotion that rebelliously filled his eyes, he felt
Nope. The 'guest' room. Like Cas didn't have a room in his own friggin' house (which was even more ridiculous when you factored in that they weren't even in the bunker, they were in Dean's
"Dean," Sam breathed out, the name half question, half warning. Every muscle in his body screamed to shoot it. Black hair, and the bluest eyes he'd ever seen. Just like Missouri Moseley said, and suddenly he couldn't quite get over how much sense it made for Dean to be afraid of this thing. Sam's grip on the barrel of his gun only tightened and, against every instinct his life and father had trained or bullied into him, he took his eyes off of that powerful creature to look at his big brother.
Did they not?
Sam was already shaking his head full of ridiculously long hair and giving him those sympathetic puppy dog eyes. "You needed help, Dean. And I want to help. Let's find Dad."
"So," Dean spoke up after a moment, that grin back on his lips and in his words, "we find Cas this gorgeous little thing named
"Uh. Yeah, thanks." Dean cleared his throat again and was it dusty in here or something? Maybe he should try a glass of water. "That's- yeah. Uh. You too- or, uh, me too. I guess. You know."
His brother met his gaze again and swallowed as the reality of what had happened set it.
"What did you think?"
Dean shook the question – all of the questions – off for the time being. It didn't matter; he could sort where the angel stood – where he and Cas stood together – after they saved his Dad.
He looked away. The guilt that had been conspicuously absent as he considered the decision, having been replaced with an exhausted sort of calm he so rarely felt and usually associated with failure, was suddenly present in full. Dean thought about what his death would mean in this timeline, in this moment. Leaving Sam alone to face the Apocalypse. Leaving his Dad to feel like he should have made that deal. Bobby to think he should have been there.
Breathing out more than her first relieved breath since Chuck had passed out drunk on his couch and this endeavor began, Persephone reached into her purse and pulled out the papers the writer had gifted her almost a month ago. He'd had no idea what he had handed over when he'd given her the recipe to a hex bag capable of paralyzing demons, but Persephone didn't plan to let that information go to waste.
“You’re the psychic, aren’t you?”
Castiel continued to stare. "Balthazar, it is
"Yes, I..."
His problem was that he didn't want to control people. Words, whether formed aloud or sent straight to the brain, would end up doing just that, one way or another. But maybe…
The hunter said nothing, and Castiel was purposefully keeping his eyes forward, locked on the goddess that held them both. His focus needed to be entirely on escaping this situation. This…dilemma with Dean and their relationship would have to wait until they were both alive and free to discuss it.
Castiel had not visited the earth since his garrison's last mission in the late eighteen hundreds. Back then, steam engines were considered the industrialized revolution of transportation and electricity a privileged commodity. Of course, he had seen the world change and develop through the memories of Heaven's charges. He was familiar with the advancements, though he had never taken the time to learn of them at a more hands-on level. Now, standing in the middle of the chaos that was the twenty-first century, he was… overwhelmed.
"You boys heading out?" she asked instead, though that look didn't diminish and Dean was back to grinning again. Damn, he'd missed the Harvelles.
"I think so." Even with a picture of the vic plastered across the page, Dean wasn't sure. Visual memory was generally stronger, but in this case, it wasn't doing him a lotta good. Not that he'd really remember a dead guy he only saw a picture of in the newspaper or maybe as a body on a slab in some morgue. Dean knew they'd been in and out of Baltimore for hunts at least three times that he could remember. Not that he could necessarily pair those visits up with individual hunts. Story of his life for the last year.
He had to walk on eggshells about everything around Sammy, and everyone else for that matter.  Dean couldn’t just go to Mr. Yamashiro’s antique shop (he’d yellow-paged it as soon as they got to town) and cut the bitch down.  He wouldn’t be able to explain how he knew where to go with no research or what the bitch was without digging.  So he lied, and he bluffed, and he led their witnesses as much as he could as fast as he could without his brother realizing he already knew the information he was trying to get out of them.
Was this what it was like to time travel back to a point when you still existed? Did you overwrite your past self? Shit, was he overwriting things now? Dean stopped at the thought. He took in and let out a slow, measured breath. Was he changing the future? Everything they'd been through?
"She'll be alright," he said aloud, because he felt like he needed to say something. They would need to clean and patch the burn wounds scattered across her body from what Sam could only assume was the trap Azazel mentioned. Those would be very susceptible to infection – burns always were – so they'd have to make sure they kept them clean until Cas returned and could heal her. The angel hadn't done so before she'd left, which seemed out of character for the organized, consistent, and conscientious Castiel. Of course, given the state she'd been in after battling Azazel, she probably didn't have it in her. Sam tried not to think about it, or about the fear that was still in Dean's eyes, buried deeper and deeper beneath mounting anger.
The old hunter said the cabin was secluded, heavily protected, and unknown by almost anyone other than him and a handful of hunters.  Even if demons did somehow get their claws into those guys, none of them would connect Rufus with the Winchesters.  Hell, they’d hardly connect Rufus with Bobby anymore, since the two had a falling out some time ago (which Dean reminded himself he totally didn’t know about because
His answer had momentarily shut Sammy up. At least until he pulled bitchface #1 ("
"You said they were like family, Dean," Sam spoke quietly, well aware everyone could hear him, but there was no other way this conversation would – or could – go down. Of course, Dean had been talking about Jo and Ellen. Neither of them knew Asa or Bucky from Jack, regardless of what legend and hearsay had to say about their character.
Because he was friggin God: the kid with an ant farm.
Sam laughed again, even as Elkins addressed Dean, asking what the plan was.
Dean knew that Sam was far from letting it go and was only biding his time. He hoped of all the many things his brother could latch onto in this situation, of all the slip-ups he could dig his mental claws into and refuse to give up, Cas would be one he let slide.
"Am I not binding him tonight?"
, right
?" She spat the word at him, fists tightening. Not that he had anything to fear from so mundane a weapon, or, indeed, any weapon she possessed. But, then, he hadn't sought her out for a weapon.
"Meg. You son of a bitch."
"Anything strange or out of the ordinary," Victor added, his returning deadpan look a clear indicator that he knew he was barking up a useless tree. The three bodies found at the old mining town in the middle of the National Park might have made the news, but he'd found over most of his career that Hospital staff didn't matter if your case was widely known or utterly confidential. Victims were victims to them. To the woman in front of him now, his missing victim might just be a number on a page. Victor tried for a little humor, instead. "You won't be wasting my time; the government is paying me to be here, ma'am."
Diana stared at him, uncertainty and unease pulling her face into a stony frown. Agent Henriksen pulled out two pictures from the folder, passing them over. They were both from the precinct interrogation security footage. One was Sam Winchester being escorted out by Andy, the officer manning the door standing there with it wide open, hand over his eyes.
He would have willingly endured it now, though, if only to have Balthazar back.
-o-o-o-
"I heard a… troubling rumor," Castiel decided to answer with, since it wasn't strictly a lie and he was uncertain how else to frame what Dean had told him. Uriel would surely notice the lack of a named source, but Castiel also knew he wouldn't ask. It was one of the many reasons he chose to approach this brother first; Uriel was not one to gossip. "I have heard she is responsible for brainwashing angels into obedience. Wiping their memories. Con-" The smaller angel had to pause to clear his throat. "Controlling them."
Sam's expression was completely taken off guard as the weapon clattered to the ground and Gordon used his momentum to continue forward, tackling the man who had a good half foot on him.
(….did I mention stupid brain? Stupid muse? Yeah? Okay then. Awesome sauce. You've been warned.)
The look the Jedi skewered him with said he knew just as much and had half the faith about it that Sam did. But the younger Winchester only smiled, closing Andy's fist around the coin. He knew how much the boy struggled with dreams, whether or not a yellow-eyed demon featured in them.
“I know, I know, stay on her friggin’ mirror.”  Another breath sounded and he swore he could feel that one on his skin.  He spun again, crowbar kept tight to his body so he didn’t swing the thing into Sam.  Still, only their own reflections stared back.
-o-o-o-
"Okay. Okay, buddy, hang tight, keep walking, we'll be there in no time."
"Sorry," she muttered after a moment, and he blinked, turning clueless eyes her way. She offered a weak smile. "I come on kinda strong. Or, uh…so I've heard."
She tossed her head at something just over his shoulder, but the brunet didn't have time to turn before something was stabbed into his neck. Sam cried out, trying to pull away, but a tight grip wrapped around his arm held him kept him from escaping as fire erupted where his neck and shoulder met.
He gave her a soft nod.  “Go, Layla.”
"It's gone." Dean's voice was tight, and Sam wondered what had happened that had bound his nomadic brother so tightly to a place. He could hear the ache in his voice and the anger behind those clenched teeth.
Bucky dropped his eyes to the keys in his hand, chancing a glance around the table but not meeting anyone's eyes long enough to gauge a reaction. With a squared jaw and a huff of air, he tossed the keys back to Asa, who caught them effortlessly, like he'd expected that to be his buddy's play.
"So what now, detective?" Sam asked, the prodding in his voice a mirror to her own uncertainty. But, she supposed, she could start by helping to clean up the most recent mess Pete had made. She turned back to them, a hand on her waist, and chewed on her lip for a second of thought.
"I will hear you," Castiel confirmed. "Though it would be wise to direct your prayers specifically to me, otherwise the rest of the host will be able to you hear as well."
, and that just wasn't fair – that Andy understood. He'd known for a while now that he was supposed to have died at Cold Oak. That the fact he hadn't was a chronological abomination. Borrowed time, nothing more.
That was what Winchester luck was for.  It just needed a starting place, and holy water sounded like as good as any.
Sam sat on the front steps, watching Dean assure poor Jenny that it was really over.  Despite their reassurances, he was pretty sure she’d be selling the house and moving as soon as possible.  Rough re-start.
He thought about the fierce, spitfire hunter that Mary Winchester had been in 1973.  Yeah, she would have given Azazel hell for setting foot in her house, let alone threatening her son.  He knew she’d look at her life as small change for the fight to keep Sammy safe.
girl. He missed Tracy. A woman who actually liked him and enjoyed his company and quirky humor. Until she'd been murdered by his evil twin brother, that is.
Uriel brought him closer, a sneer on his upper lip and Dean didn't both to hide his red-faced, bulging grin as he was pulled within breathing space of the douchebag (also,
"Ellen-"
The hunter snorted, mouth splitting into a wide grin.  Castiel tilted his head.
"Your soul has been in Perdition," he practically whispered, vessel sucking in a breath it didn't need. Castiel didn't know how he had missed it before. Well, yes, he did; he had been justifiably distracted by the presence of angelic grace – his grace – where such a thing should not be.
Sam nodded and pulled his head back, leaving her alone in the walls once more. He kept at the hole, widening it with every swing. After a half dozen hits, she heard him talking to Andy, and the next swing was from a crowbar, latching onto the side of the gap and pulling. Wood splintered and drywall cracked. A foot long chunk of wall came clean off in her direction. Just a few more and she'd be free.
"Oh, you have to dial first," he interrupted her reading again with a shark-toothed grin. "Don't you know how phones work?"
"You and your brother…" Gordon trailed off, and Sam heard his head thunk lightly against the wall between them. Once again, Sam eyes drifted to that rifle sitting a dozen feet away. "You're not like us, are you Sammy? You're not…human. Not where it counts."
We've got severed heads and mutilated cows, Dean's now naming his Deja vu, and Time isn't giving the Winchester's even an inch. For extra measure, let's throw in a little Lilith and some more of Demon Tom being an ass because that, as we all know, is exactly what a demon named Tom would do.
(There were only so many possibilities, really, and almost all of them pointed right back to him and Sam. Given the way Sam kept glancing to him, the younger Winchester knew it too.)
Just saying it caused his chest muscles to tighten. He rubbed absently at the aching warmth in his sternum, wondering if this one was all him or if Cas had just as unpleasant memories of that night. He'd been the one to spend most of the evening with the women. A drinking game, if Dean remembered right, and they'd nearly run Bobby's house dry trying to get the angel drunk.
Sammy wasn’t supposed to
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
Karen reached forward for another tissue, a quiet sob escaping her. She missed Tony. And there was just so
What was going on with him- her? The intense look (god, was it more intense than usual? Was that even possible?) made Dean want to rub protectively at his sternum.
Andy screamed.
"Uh-huh. Let's keep it that way."
"Yeah, that's Cas," he mumbled, trying not to feel like he was somehow betraying the angel by admitting it. Was he just being way too protective? Damnit, was this that chauvinistic thing rearing its ugly head again? Would he feel this same way if it was Jimmy Novak's body lying there instead? (Not that that even made any sense. If it was Jimmy, he wouldn't
The worst bit about being from the future, though, was being with Sam.  Don’t get him wrong; it was great – fan-freaking-tastic, actually – to see his kid brother again, lighter than he’d been in a decade and years before the various rifts that would drive them apart and back again.  Some days Dean forgot when he was from and what he had to do.  Some days he just enjoyed the drive, the banter, and the life.
The look Rachel gave him was something between
Holy shit, that poor SOB looked dead.
That reminded him; he needed to have a chat with Cas when she was back on her feet about the exact requirements of those seals. Make sure they weren't going to stumble right into any loopholes they hadn't thought to cover.
Thank you very much to everyone who came out of the woodwork to review (and, of course, to my special peeps who review quite often <3). I really appreciate you guys taking the time to say something. And I hope you know that I really do get it: reviewing ain't easy. I've got twenty open internet tabs on my phone right now and at least eighteen of those are stories I've read where I went "wow, this is really good, I should review! ...I'll just leave this tab open and come back to that in a minute." (two. Months. Later). "Why do I have twenty friggin' internet tabs open?! Oh, yeah, this was that story I liked...crap, let me just do a quick little read through here... wow, this is really good! I should review! Okay, I'll just leave this tab open and come back to that in a minute..." -_-
"And if it doesn't go to plan?" Bobby asked gruffly, because when in hell had anything having to do with the Winchesters
Today, she was pulling a lighter out of her pocket and holding it up to the old pipes and metal sprinkler hanging above her childhood bed.  For a moment, nothing happened and her racing heart practically stopped beating.  Then water exploded everywhere and she dropped back to the mattress, face and hair soaked and the rest following as she heard the sprinklers kick in out in the hall too.
"That guy, Jimmy, he's got a family," Dean continued, still through gritted teeth, still clasping Castiel's coat. "A wife and a kid. Damn it, Cas, he's got an
Besides, even with Sam being far from stupid, there was still only about a 0.1% chance in hell that ‘time travel’ would be among the theories he came up with.
Nothing but silence replied and Dean slowly turned back around in the front seat. Okay…well, shit. He couldn't leave until Cas got back; the angel wouldn't know where to find him or have any way of getting a hold of him to ask. Not to mention, Dean didn't actually have a useful destination except the motel, which wasn't useful in the slightest because Sam being there was a long shot at best. Nothing but a waste of time and gas that made Dean feel slightly better about not doing a damn thing to protect his brother at the moment.
. He was pretty damn sure the deal had been to give Dean Winchester the Colt and Dean Winchester would come back, with the Colt, when vampires showed up to apparently kill him.
'. "But he's not there."
"Up and vanished," the blond in front of him finished for him, and Mark stared at him. Uncertainty warred against the illusion of comfort that came with no longer being alone in a ghost town that, hours ago, had been his friendly, happy home.
The hunter responded with more of a grimace than anything and held the gun steady.  Sam glanced between the two, having pushed himself as far into the booth as possible and away from the woman he had met just yesterday and was suddenly very sure was not human.  She spared him a quick glance, winking a very black eye at him.
It was from a three days ago, from the Peoria Journal Star, the headline reading
Dean dropped his eyes, too. It's not like he'd forgotten that Angela was slated to that fate, but it hadn't been on the forefront of his mind lately. Not with all the other people he knew with deaths that seemed a lot more…well, certain, he supposed. It was kinda hard to remember her destiny had been set too when she was alive, awake and chatting him up like they were old friends.
David sighed down the line. "Alright, I'm on it. But you're signing my overtime checks this month."
Diana's growing theory of another perp on scene was making more and more sense to her. Problem was, what had caused Pete to mistake two men for one?
– Dean could see it. His weak little fanboy knees could
"Look, the bank closes in twenty minutes," Dean continued, glancing at the watch on his wrist. "We'll track him till then, then follow him home like Sam said."
The hunter crossed the room, unaware of the divine being watching him from another plane as he knelt beside the downed demon. Castiel had half a mind to stop him, but he could sense no demonic presence left in the young woman, or in the house at all.
,' he repeated, trying to keep his thoughts firm. He was in charge.
"I mean, like, when I got my mind thing? It was a gift. You know, it was like- it was like I won the lotto!" Andy, halfway through a chuckle, suddenly trailed off and the car got quiet. Yeah, it had been a gift. A gift that led right into a nightmare. He slid off the front seat and slumped in the back. "Guess what they say about winning the lotto is true."
The angel was slow to nod – and hell, he'd been pretty far off his rocker when Dean had said those words to him – but his eyes stayed locked on the hunter's and there was recognition in those blue depths. "I remember."
Dean felt his own smile getting tighter. "Yes, we understand that. This is a glitch in the overall grid. Just want to make sure everything's kosher."
"A distraction." Andy took the paper, tempted to look inside but deciding he'd pushed enough boundaries for the day.
Dean blinked at the woman walking alongside him, voice as stiff and taught as her posture. The defensive tone alone would have had Dean choking back a laugh if they weren't in a somewhat time-sensitive and kinda dire situation. Still, he had to bite back the snort that was desperate to slip free.
Well, that explained some of the roller coaster of emotion he'd seen in Dean, from that first time he'd mentioned the name in the car hightailing it out of Jericho, to just the last twenty four hours of stories, both good and bad. The way his brother clearly missed the angel, to flickers of regret when he talked about him, to the clenched teeth of frustration and bad blood, and what Sam was now realizing were the old scars of betrayal.
"I- what...what are you
The woman just looked at him like every other Administrator he'd talked to that morning. The
Shit. That hadn't been like any exorcism Dean had ever seen. And he'd seen this angel exorcise a demon before. Sure, the glowing white light had always been a part of it, but this right here was the difference between chucking a Mentos into a bottle of coke and throwing a grenade at someone.
. No one dared tell her otherwise. "We work with that. How are we gonna know if this whole thing goes down early?"
it through, was disconcerting to the younger Winchester. Sam wasn't sure whether to be concerned or amused. Certainly confused.
Dean placed the box into the small hole and quickly covered it back up, burying any evidence that it was there.
"You going to drag me back yourself,
Well, Dean and Bobby went in guns blazing with exception to the whole ‘we won’t shoot your dad, we promise’ bit.  So really, they went in more like kicking down doors and shouting obscenities once Jess triggered the sprinklers.
"So what's Oklahoma like?"
"I have….work to do on Earth," Castiel answered, his struggle with word choice suggesting he wasn't confident that was the right one. "I am unable to appear before most humans in my true form, including those that I must work alongside."
"How, Pete?" Diana's words, frank and biting, finally caused the cop to look her way. Her chest was heaving, she'd clearly run after him, but her stance was firm. Her face…the turmoil there was evident, but so was determination. Damn her morality. "He never left this room. How'd he help Sam escape?"
(Granted, both the doctors and the Winchesters assured him that was to be expected after such physical trauma, but that wasn't the point, here.)
Dean let out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding.  Damn it.  The kid hadn’t told him that before.
"Thanks for the heads up on that, by the way," Asa piped in, tipping his beer in the boys' direction. "Ran into that bastard about fifteen minutes into our search."
Sam had just pulled up the local news for states west of California when he glanced up to say something to Dean and stopped.  The doorbell above the diner chimed with the entrance of a new customer, and Sam froze as Meg Masters walked in.
"No one comes to this town alone," Dean finally said, the words a declaration of a rule that hadn't been spoken aloud previously but might as well have been carved in stone in the Winchester's mind.
"Oh, that's just great," Dean continued, ignoring the 'moment' between them since the angel probably hadn't even realized there was one. Instead, he focused on just how
He turned when Cas didn't answer him right away, but the angel was staring off at something in the distance. Dean followed his gaze, but only saw the library.
Still, the vehicle looked….small. She turned her gaze back to Dean. "I will meet you there."
), Sam standing in the doorway with a concerned-but-also-kinda-pissy expression on his face. Dean buried his face back into the toilet. His porcelain friend was preferable to his brother's disappointed judgement. It also helped hide the fact that his hands were still shaking.
Thanks everyone for bearing with me and for missing this story when it's delayed. Honestly, knowing my writing is wanted is the biggest motivator to keep going.
Castiel stared at the human, who eventually dropped his arms back to his sides. The angel's eyes were narrowed, as though she suspected Dean was making fun of her, but wasn't entirely sure. She didn't seem the type to call him on it, though. "Yes, that has worked several times now, however, prayers should generally be more
He opened his eyes to the factory and the waiting face of his father.
"Oh, you're in for a treat, Sammy." Dean's foot turned to lead on the gas pedal. Forget the bust of a hunt or being stuck in Lafayette for a night because they'd already paid for a motel. They had a new life purpose! "I am going to introduce you to Dr. Sexy, M.D., the sexiest damn doctor the city of Seattle has ever seen or ever will see again."
Sam sniffed back the rest of the waterworks in the near-silent room, wiping at his cheeks and eyes for the few tears that had slipped free. He climbed back to his feet, pulling the last item he had to give from his back pocket. Sam tucked the kid's phone, now fully charged, into Andy's limp hand, curling his fingers around it. It would be the first thing he would notice when he woke. The hunter crossed back over to the closed door, digging around his jacket some more for the charger. He made sure to plug the device in, though it was a bit of a challenge to get behind the heavy hospital bed frame to the only plug within distance. He'd have to bring an extension cord on their next visit or talk to the nurses.
come after you and your brother!”
Anat let out a startled gasp as her body arced into the man with a staggering force. The angel blade fell from her hand to clatter on the ground as another ripped through flesh and muscle. She reached up shakily, chin dipping to stare at her chest and the tip of the silver, celestial blade sticking out of her bloodied sternum.
"I think he means, how do we get a hold of you?" Sam translated, as ever the referee among his often caustic family members.
"Dean." Castiel's voice was soft, but held none of the comfort he desperately needed from his best friend right then. "It's time."
in the main story and
The older Winchester bit back a dozen curses he wanted to let loose as they moved into the open space and his corpse just beyond that. Dean was friggin' annoyed with himself for making such an amateur mistake. 2006 Dean might not have been able to spot a sniper or been prepared for someone trying to take him out, but 2016 Dean sure as hell had a lot more experience with that shit. He shouldn't have let his guard down so damn much.
: HAPPY 100th CHAPTER EVERYBODY! I am so sorry you had to wait three weeks for it. I tried to get it up last week, but between the first stage of packing and some personal stuff popping up, I simply didn't have the time. I will hopefully keep all delays down to just two weeks going forward, but it isn't something I can currently offer with any guarantee. Thank you all so, so much for your patience and understanding!
The hunter grimaced, shutting the trunk a tad more gently this time.  In his defense, Future-Brady had been long dead by the time they ganked the son of a bitch (and even if he hadn’t been, killing the man after almost a decade of possession was a freaking mercy).  Besides, he hadn’t
Sam nodded, hearing the unspoken words. He was going in to town to see if there was any way to salvage this for Andy, to let him keep his life as though he hadn't witnessed a homicide, committed one himself, and then ran. So the younger Winchester climbed back into the Impala and headed to the coffee shop where the kid said it had all gone down.
Her high-pitched laugh grated on the next-to-nothing that was left of his nerves.
of you.  How about you join us instead, hm?”
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
That silenced the room, all eyes turning on the stoic angel, standing in the center of the room like a brick wall.
Yellow Eyes planning?"
Or other words. Honor, decency, family. Sanity. Just to name a few.
Pete unhooked his arms from behind his head to look at his watch, and then at the officer. "You're telling me a public defender showed up, out of the blue, at six in the morning?"
When Chuck opened his door Monday morning to the standard, three-rap knock of his no-nonsense Editorial Assistant, he beamed like a kid coming down the stairs Christmas morning. Stephanie just raised one eyebrow, and Chuck sheepishly admitted he hadn't been sure she'd come back.
Castiel had never before found the communication of prayer to be so wholly inadequate. Another thing that had not been a concern before Dean Winchester. If a human had needed his assistance, Castiel either appeared unto him or he did not, dismissing the conversation as there was nothing more he could do for it. If a brother needed his assistance, Castiel simply replied back via their interconnected voices or flew to his location.
Oh good. Very intelligent defense there, Dean. Real mature. Next he'd be telling Cas
-o-o-o-
"Nothing," Sam returned lightly, going back to the paperwork. "It's just, I didn't give you the address for the coroner."
, which was just ridiculous. They'd been powerful in a good ole, family man like Jimmy. But in this woman, whoever she was, with her sun-darkened skin and stupidly fist-able hair… it just wasn't
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yay for us," Dean breathed out, straightening. He felt infinitely better now that parts of his mind weren't being forcefully torn from him. The Baku was still out there, pacing. They could hear the soft pad of his paws and the drag of his tail across the emptiness. This time, it would approach more carefully. "Hope you got some more of those ready."
The angel eyed him for a moment, like he was sizing him up. Dean narrowed his eyes in return, immediately wary of what was coming next. "Like freeing a contract she's holding, Dean."
someone."
"-or smaller, innocuous even. Things you wouldn't realize hold any significance in the timeline." Cas ignored his interruption (as he often did when Dean was being little more than petty or grouchy in an argument he wasn't winning or didn't want to hear in the first place), and settled into one of the chairs by the main table. He looked tired, enough so that Dean had to fight back a fresh wave of guilt (and worry) with fierce, manly fisticuffs. "What events are or aren't anchor points are hard to predict, because we do not view things that happen, or the order they happen, as Time does."
So they filled one of his trucks with relevant books, supplies, and as many weapons as he had (which was no small number).  Rumfeld climbed into the passenger seat, and Bobby told the boys he’d follow behind them.
time, and you've only been here for like…a
And they hadn't even started the Apocalypse yet. How on earth was he going to do this?
If he wasn't able to convince Cas that he was from the future, that the angel's future should be with him and his brother, that his place was by their side rather than in Heaven, then they were going to have a very serious problem.
"Hey," Dean argued, but even his usual hard ass, I'm-right-you're-wrong-and-screw-you-while-I'm-at-it demeanor was coming out pretty weak here. "I came, didn't I?"
Well, it was no less stupid, but at least it had possibility.
He climbed down from the gas station roof the same way he'd gotten up; a disused ladder attached to the backside of the building and a dumpster he'd had to shimmy into place just to get to the bottom of said ladder, which was suspended a good ten feet off the ground. Gordon honestly hadn't been sure he could pull this hunt off tonight. After showing up in town a couple days ago to find his original target already gone – missing for more than a week, with a clueless and worried father sure his troubled son had finally ditched town – Gordon figured Lafayette was as good a town as any to set a trap for the Winchesters.
She'd grown up with the legend behind the little white flowers with their weird, semi-circular blossoms that made them all look like they were missing half their bloom. Her mom always loved legends, especially creation stories, and those surrounding the Hawaiian Islands were no exception. She'd loved telling her children those old tales. Angela just loved falling asleep to her mother's voice, something even adulthood hadn't driven from her.
An officer opened the door. It was one Dean hadn't seen before, and he gave the guy a skeptical look before going back to the anagram. The feeling appeared to be mutual as the cop indolently said, "Your lawyer's here."
Across from him, Sam glanced up from the newspaper he was scouring over for their next case, phone in the other hand as he cross-referenced information on the internet. "No change in Cas?"
The Baku let out a high pitch yelp, turning and baring its teeth in a roar, trunk flailing. The feline body crouched defensively before bounding into the darkness once more.
The kitchen groaned again and this time Gordon swore he felt the wall beneath him shudder. The hunter pushed off the wood, turning around to stare at the wall. Something between shock and trepidation started eating at his gut and chest as the wall shuddered and the wood started to warp, almost in slow motion, bulging out towards him.
Hell’s top torturer just shrugged.  He could care less what happened.  Whether Lucifer rose or not, he would get to continue his work and that’s all that mattered to him.  “You’ve underestimated the Righteous Man once before, look where that got you.”
Diana stared at him just long enough to let out another one of those sighs.
even though they'd only just left the Salvage Yard two days ago.
It was hard to explain. Harder yet to grasp onto. She was pretty sure she'd done all of this before, but anytime the feeling made it through the cocoon of happiness, Angela struggled to hold on to it. In the end, she always surrendered back to the blissful ignorance of a week with Mark on a beach in Aruba (something her mother thought was just ridiculous.
?!" Andy shook his head, leaning back in his chair so he could throw out his arms in disbelief. "Do you, like, smoke more weed than I do, man? Because your memory
“Shit, Sam, the mirror!”
"Guys…" Duane glanced between them, clearly growing nervous of the fight just seconds from breaking out.
Agent Henriksen landed at the Ellsworth Air Force Base at twelve forty nine pm, Mountain Standard Time, go-bag and jacket in hand. A captain greeted him, a car already waiting for him, and he directed his driver to take him to the U.S. Forest Service office in Custer, where he would meet with the District Ranger in charge and the lead homicide detectives on the case from both Custer and Rapid City.
Sam wished Dean had told him it would come to this. He no longer thought these events lined up with the world his brother came from (obviously, as Dean had lived in that timeline and Sam was pretty sure Gordon Walker killing him would have made the short version, regardless), but
Dean's taking a beating, Azazel is being his usual unnerving self, Sam's faced with some difficult choices, Andy's hurting, Cas is coming to the rescue, and if you thought the last chapter was a cliffhanger…well, it was nice knowing you, cuz you're not gonna like me for very much longer.
"Everything," Cas whispered, his grace turning pallid, dull and neutral. All the colors blurred together until nothing was discernible, nothing was left but a milky, agitated grey. "Too much."
"Well, there's certainly not much here to work with," she chided, if only to see the annoyance in his face, cleverly controlled as it was. "But I think I can whip something up."
"Can't answer you if you don't read, Sam," Dean muttered. "Work with me here!"
Dean had never been the sharing kind, particularly when he was grieving or guilt-laden, but Sam hadn't expected him to
"What- uh…what did you think?"
"How-" He turned back to Weber. "How are you-"
Because these days Sam wasn't always Sam. At least, not the Sam Dean expected him to be, the one he braced for. In any given scenario, be it hunting or talking or arguing or just about anything in their lives, Sam might choose to go left or choose to go right. And Dean guessed wrong more than just occasionally. Which was unheard of for Dean Winchester. But Dean, the man from the future stuck ten years in the past, would forget which brother he was trying to predict. He expected Sam to go left (
It pissed him off, but he’d take every little victory he could.
God, he was going to be sick.
The implication of the words that weren't said, said too much. His dad – his
Sam took his shocked expression as confession.  With a look surpassing anger and approaching terrifyingly blank, he spat out, “You talk in your sleep.”
"Ava?"
When the fever finally broke and the young hunter managed to keep down more than just a glass of juice that he was fairly certain he'd only drank because it was
-o-o-o-
"Pick an easier order," he growled beneath his breath, but Andy shook his head, smiling that innocent little piece-of-shit smile of his. He repeated each image, slightly slower this time, and Dean tilted his head back, praying for patience from a God he knew wasn't listening but oh, he hoped He was if only to have Him share in Dean's annoyance firsthand. The older Winchester lowered his head back down, meeting the understanding but also amused eyes of the barista. "Large decaf white chocolate peppermint mocha, extra whip cream."
"Are there wing prints?"
), Andy sort of just sat, stunned in the backseat. Not that they'd really lectured him. Well, Cas had
Castiel supposed that was very true. He
"Not your fault," Dean spoke up, still looking hella pissed, but not holding it against the barkeep. It surprised Sam, who was used to a similar volatility, only with a lot less control over who it got unleashed on. "You don't control those people."
Sam's throat closed up on him again and he cleared it harshly, refusing to let that terror show. Dean wouldn't let it show.
They both woke up, two lives in one body, in Bobby Singer's spare bedroom upstairs, right where they'd left. Castiel immediately removed the ventilation tube and other necessities for keeping a human body alive, along with the several monitoring wires and intravenous feeds connected to her arms. The machines began flashing lights, warnings popping up across the various screens, but the alarms made no noise, likely a setting Sam selected so as not to disturb the occupants of the house the next time Castiel returned. The angel switched the machines off with a simple thought and swung her legs over the edge of the bed.
Were there allergies in November?  There must be.  No other reason his eyes kept watering all the damn time.
Jo looked back over her shoulder at Dean. "Not amateur hour, huh?"
answers. "We tried that; there are no numbers registered under their real names. They have to be using aliases. And we can't tap their friends' phones to wait for them to call. Most of them have warding on their landlines."
Dean looked down to find his hand absently kneading a small, repetitive pattern across his sternum.  He frowned, simultaneously removing his hand as if burned, as well as hesitating like it physically hurt to pull away.  Despite his brain demanding he rest his arm along the window, the hunter’s fingers twitched to return to the warmth in his chest and he ended up fisting his fingers against the edge of the glass as he gritted his teeth.
The angel had two choices in front of him, and the decision had to be his and his alone. God wasn't testing him, of that Jimmy was certain. He was only waiting for His son to make up his mind.
Zachariah's teeth ground together so hard all four of his heads hurt from it. Grace growing an ugly, humiliated red, he turned, furious, to Castiel, but the smaller angel just blinked his many eyes in that innocent way of his that fooled all the others. But not Zachariah. Although…Castiel certainly didn't
"Happy Birthday, Dean," Castiel said as well, settling a little more awkwardly on Dean's other side. The bucket still in his lap and Dean reached out with his own to tap the neck of one of the beers within.
He could still hear Meg calling his name, her arms wrapped around his shoulders.  He could hear someone yelling for help.  But through all of that, he wasn’t in the bus station anymore.
had that creature in Rivergrove been, capable of performing an exorcism of that scale on a Prince of Hell? Chuck hadn't specified, only calling her '
No, that didn't make sense. His surroundings lacked the distinct aftertaste of a djinn; that subtle but persistent feeling of wrongness Dean had always been able to identify among even the most perfect layers of happiness in every djinn dream. The cynical hunter had always just assumed it was because true happiness wasn't a thing Dean was comfortable with in any form. But this…this didn't have that wrongness. No, this had the right level of happy-but-still-just-a-touch-miserable-because-I'm-a-Winchester-and-that's-as-good-as-it-gets. This was…it was January, because it was his birthday. His thirty-sixth birthday, he remembered that. Which made it…Dean did the math in his head: 2015.
"If everything goes according to plan?" Dean glanced sidelong at his brother, then back on the road. "Not at all."
). "Cas sent me back three times before this. Those trips were nothing like this though."
The woman just laughed as she pushed open the door.
Despite the sobering thought, he couldn't help the scoff that tugged at the back of his throat and he rolled his eyes just because he could. Leave it Dean to be the man from the future he barely recognized one minute, only to jump back to being seventeen years old again. That Dean Sam knew only too well.
Like she was never going to find Castiel, at this point.
Dean was waiting for him in the Impala.
Well, those two seemed to be getting along like two old hens in a henhouse. Which was a terrifying thought, really. At Least they hadn't killed each other.
He also didn't want to die, something Dean deserved to know and which he needed to affirm aloud. His brother had asked him for faith, something that could not have been easy for his hardened sibling, and Sam wouldn't let him down. Dad's death hurt; his last words hurt even more. But Dean wasn't Dad, and Sam knew that. Loved that.
"How about pairs?" Sam offered, ever the peace-keeper. He glanced between the two feuding hunters, arms raised in partial placation. "Dean and I have the most experience, we'll each take one of you."
But that was neither here nor there for the moment. Currently, Rachel had Dean Winchester's voice in her head, asking for her help and insisting that Castiel, her commanding officer, was in danger at the hand of one of their own. Rachel disappeared her blade into the Ether, pleased when Samandriel took his commanding officer's lead and did the same.
The only problem was, Dean didn't know how long it was going to go on, and if Azazel really was on scene, that meant Sam was alone with him. Sam and Andy. And as far as Hell was concerned, the kid was expendable. They needed Sam and they had the leverage to get what they wanted. Dean didn't have time to make like Tyler Durden with these guys.
Sam thought he saw a flash of tusk and an amber eye as the thing circled them.
But Ellen sure could. Her cold voice and hardened eyes, one arm on her hip and the other braced on the bar, smacked the smile right off Dean's face. Sammy came up to the bar just as Dean's expression sank, and then reformed into that terrifying blankness born from a future that hadn't happened yet. Sam bit back a look of sympathy, knowing his brother wouldn't appreciate it. More of his anger dissipated as he was yet again reminded that this wasn't easy on Dean, either. Like his brother had said on more than one occasion, being from the future
"What about Garth?" he asked, checking off hunters in his head that were less than a day away. Dream Root wasn't an easy thing to find, he remembered. The Men of Letters had a supply, but that wasn't going to help them here. And he knew Bela was still alive in 2006 and could get her hands on almost anything they needed, but fuck that option. She'd stolen the Colt the last time they'd reached out to her for that particular ingredient.
She might have hid it well, but Azazel was good at recognizing fear, and the woman reeked of it, soaked in fury as it was. Finally, she finally looked away. "I can do it.”
"We can't just go knocking on every door, finding peopled one-by-one for the kid to talk to."
Sam perked up at that.
"Yes," Castiel confirmed, though he was slow to do so, almost hesitant, she thought. He seemed to think for another moment, not so much to give her time to process what she already knew (though it was still a whammy to hear it) but because he was thinking over her request. "I believe it can be arranged to leave you awake. It may not be entirely pleasant, however."
Castiel could not help but turn back to him, to stare, eyes blown wide in horror and disbelief, at the confirmation that he had been there. That what Dean had said was true. That he was missing memories (memories of
"Cuz it's not as simple as just waving a magic wand and poof, Cas!" he grumbled into his beer before taking a long swig to put off the topic for another moment more. "We can't do it here, for starters. We'll have to find a safer place."
Right. Spoilers. Kinda rudely delivered shock-spoilers.
"Like you said," Dean grumbled as they started up a hill to a destination Sam didn't know, "we survived this the first time around. We can survive it again."
-o-o-o-
He’d even rehearsed that line again and again until he
"You better cut that shit out before I find a way to hurt you."
Dean took off across the parking lot all the same, hard and fast as his feet could carry him over the wet ground towards his collapsed brother.  Sam was on his hands and knees in the mud, hacking up what could very well be his lungs at this point.
Cas was dragged in last. Whatever that bitch had hit him with was enough to keep the dazed angel from fighting back as she tied his wrists and hung him across from Dean. The hunter immediately didn't like the blatant setup; the both of them swinging slightly, struggling to keep the weight off their wrists, only scant feet apart but facing each other in the large, open space of the abandoned barn. It screamed at something more elaborate than just
The younger Winchester didn't answer, darting across the room for the doctor's stool tucked beneath the counter. He shoved it up and under the door handle only seconds before the entire surface rattled with the impact of something big and heavy.
"I'm gonna go make some cash," Dean announced, grabbing his beer and standing up from the table. Sam eyed him like he was crazy. "Next rounds on you. And try to relax, will you? You look more suspicious than anyone else in here! Fidgeting like a tween who forgot his fake."
"Malachi." The Anarchist. He turned as Uriel touched down, dull surprise lighting his aura, likely due not only to his brother's unexpected presence, but Uriel's downright joviality. Uriel was never jovial, unless you were at the butt of his most recent joke, and Malachi was not known for a sense of humor. Or patience. Or civility with either of the aforementioned traits in others.
The doctor hesitated for a moment more, then nodded and patted Sam on the shoulder. The hunter consciously slid the Ouija board deeper under his arm. Boy, had the man given him one hell of a pitying look when he'd seen it. The doc moved to pass him and exit the room when a stilted screech of metal on linoleum ruptured the air and fast, brutal movement drew both their attentions to the center of the room.
"You will be," he said instead, because that was something he had absolute faith in. That, and one more thing. "Even if you don't, even if you mess up, he'll still come for you, still take you back. That's what Dean does. That's what family does."
He reached out somewhat cautiously, making sure to keep outta arms reach (and knife reach too) should John rouse disoriented. He shook the hunter's shoulder, frowning when he still didn't wake. Several hard slaps later, Bobby knew he'd have to call the boys.
“Dean!” Sam barked, taking a step towards them.  “He’s still in there!  It’s still Brady’s body.”
The angel continued to stare. As that feeling of self-consciousness kept right on increasing, Dean shrugged awkwardly. "I saw it in a movie once."
" Dean pulled his head back, frown on full and eyes all squinty. Now she was definitely pulling his leg. He hadn't thought Rachel was capable of humor, to be honest. "How does that even physically make sense?"
The woman who had spoken dropped from the building, hitting the ground with a sharp impact, but standing from the twenty-something drop like she hadn't felt a thing. When she rose to her full height, her eyes slid black.
"S'mmy?"
His eyes lit yellow, glowing in the unnatural light of the flashlight in that very dark place. He grinned down at the body that lay, unmoving at the bottom of the stone grave, staring up at him with distrustful, angry, unnaturally green eyes.
John's words sent a spike of ice through Dean's chest and he clenched his fists against his sides.
Andy's eyes widened at suddenly being addressed by this very, very angry chick, and he looked from one brother to the other before pushing past Sam to hold his hand out. "I'm Andy. I'm, um… just tagging along?"
She still looked at him like he was crazy – that or he was absolutely terrible at practical joking – but the sound of a car door slamming out in the parking lot outside signaled the return of Jo, or a customer or hunter, and so the topic dropped.
Guess he hadn't gotten much farther on the whole sending images to one specific target front.
"Okay."
"No, Cas-"
," Jimmy answered the fear Castiel had not voiced aloud, though he supposed he didn't need to, not when sharing this body. Perhaps he ought to tighten his control over his thoughts and emotions, though he didn't see how that would help this conversation. After, however.
"Yeah," Sam answered, voice cold and quiet. "They could."
all she had done was feed off him. Yeah, that had involved some activities that any other day – any other human – wouldn't have been so bad, but in this case, like
Dean tried to pull back as Anat approached, but there was nowhere for him to go and he growled deep in his throat as she cupped his chin with gentle hands, the mockery of a caring lover.
Dean swore softly, remembering that terrible, stupid, gaudy room he'd been trapped in and the look Cas had sent his way when he insisted he could not help. When he stood behind Zachariah like some lackey and just let kickoff to the end of the world happen. Dean had been pissed, for so many reasons, not least of which was the realization that at some point over that year since an angel had pulled him out of hell, he'd started thinking of Cas as a friend.
The poker table fell quiet as the men glanced at one another in shock.
"So, what? It's a
. "That's not it. I'm not."
"You will not touch him again," the angel intoned, knowing his threat was currently empty but still promising himself – and Dean – that he would fulfill it.
Cas awkwardly perched on the edge of the mattress, clearly new at this, body mostly turned towards the TV but eyes locked on Dean. The hunter just shook his head and flipped the television on. He started channel surfing, Cas's attention finally pulled away from him by the rapidly changing moving pictures, until Dean found something mindlessly satisfying. He settled on Jaws, perking up a bit at the old classic that was apparently part of a marathon. Maybe not as mind-numbing as he'd been going for, but you just didn't pass up the classics.
Summoning an angel was, perhaps, the most anticlimactic experience of Sam's life. That may only be because he'd certainly built up the confrontation in his mind, what with Dean's procrastinating, nervous fidgeting the entire time they set up the barn, and Sam's own doubts about Castiel being on their side, despite Dean's many reassurances that he was – would be – their best friend and they couldn't do this without him. Despite of all that, or perhaps because of it, Sam was rapidly losing regard for any danger this angel apparently posed, considering they were going on hour two with no sign of him.
Shit, that had worked?
?" The older hunter accused before breaking into absolutely-judgmental laughter, sliding Baby into gear. "All the crap you gave over the years about the family business, and you spent your down time at Stanford watching
