fight? Those bad moments aside, Dean really does have some great memories of his Dad. He used to take him to the park all the time, taught him all sorts of good stuff, and he was at every single game or tournament that Dean or Sam participated in. And, between the two of them, there were
they should have taken the time to make sure that Dean was outfitted with as many protections as he was. They filled his pockets with spell bags, but that was the extent that they went to. Whereas Castiel has actually
smile. Dean could recognize it from a mile away. It’s not even remotely as radiant as an actual smile and he reserves this specifically for social situations when he has to be pleasant but he’s actually uncomfortable. Cas doesn’t want her attention, but that doesn’t stop her from leaning in and talking to him.
“Is it working?”
Gabriel is in the middle of picking up his necklace and Cas’s coat again. He lifts his head and Dean meets his eyes for a moment before looking back at his mom. “Can I have a moment to talk with him? Alone?”
and that is most definitely what we’re doing. Right, Dean?”
“Leave me alone before I go get my gun.” Dean throws them both a glare before rolling over to put his back to them.
Cas sighs as he lays back down. He scoots close enough to slip an arm around Dean’s waist and pull him in closer. “When you’re ready, yes. I would like to meet your parents.” After a brief pause, he hums. “Well, I already
. Castiel curls his fingers into fists against his thighs. He presses his lips into a thin line.
feel weird about all of this. Castiel feels weird about it because it’s
scared of is how strong the ache being his ribs is when he stops compartmentalizing the situation and thinks about it in its entirety.
Castiel likes it when Dean cooks and he wishes they had more opportunities to cook together like this. Not only does Dean always look so
“Then why the fuck am I here?” Dean rolls his eyes and cocks a hip. He’s heard this song and dance before, and he isn’t looking for a repeat. “Sam said you wanted to see me?”
. There hasn’t been anyone since around four o’clock, according to Anna.
Cas pouts a tiny bit, but he doesn’t complain as Dean leads him to the roof. Despite the temperature drop over the night, he doesn’t even shiver until he sits down on the pedestal. He grimaces and shuffles back on it. “I can
this. He can’t even find himself to be annoyed with her – especially after how she was
“No, no. It’s fine.” Cas clears his throat and glances up a Dean. “I’ll take that as a compliment, thank you.” He looks away almost immediately towards the closed door to the kitchen.
“Alright, so –” Dean takes another deep breath and clears his throat. “I – I know I was supposed to – uh –
A string of swears precedes Dean hanging up on him. Castiel hangs up too and puts his phone away. He amuses himself with counting the seconds it takes for Dean to come to the door. It’s only a few moments before he hears the stomp of heavy boots and the sound of the lock turning. When the door open and Castiel almost feels bad for coming over unannounced. Dean looks a little worse haggard, and he’s still rather sweaty with his hair sticking up at all angles.
. Cas’s life depends on him remembering and Dean is just sitting here
Tonight is going to be the death of him because Cas is fucking
keeping the cat.”
He takes off his boots and makes sure that they’re on the mat so any melting snow won’t make puddles on the tiled floor. There’s a coat rack mounted on the wall next to the door and that’s where Castiel hangs his coat. With his body blocking the view from the kitchen, he checks his pockets to confirm whether or not Gabriel actually put condoms in there. Sure enough, there’s a string of six folded up together. He is going to have to have some serious words with his brother when he gets home, because this is
Castiel can’t even think about answering, though he does have the strong urge to tell them to
“Being here.” Cas hums and his wings shift against his back, drooping over his shoulders a bit to act as a blanket for the both of them. “Helping me.”
greatest thing, but it’s going to be purely platonic. The way it goes in Dean’s head, the whole thing would be completely unromantic. In fact, the only somewhat romantic thing about it would be that it’s a private, home cooked meal.
The look does nothing to Balthazar. He doesn’t give a shit and just rolls his eyes, returning to the customer. His Pixie-like wings are lifting and twitching like crazy though, and Dean really wishes he knew what Fae body language meant. Either Balthazar is annoyed, or he’s excited, or – or it could be just about anything. Dean really honestly doesn’t know.
hands. He gives it a good squeeze before letting go again. Dean almost loses his footing when he twists around, jaw dropped. Cas is a little red, but otherwise doesn’t look the least bit fazed. He raises an eyebrow and tilts his head to the side. “What? You asked me if I wanted to touch it. I do, so I did.”
“Is that the kitchen timer?” Dean twists and looks down the hallway.
Castiel backs away from the window and sits on the edge of the bed to mentally plan out his route through the park. He thinks about it right up until the first rays of the sun send him into
tempting. Not the whole tea thing, but the seeing Cas thing. And there’s the possibility of there being pie left too. Shit, that sounds better every minute, but he knows that he shouldn’t do it. This is the same situation with having to hide his phone, or hiding a book on himself. He
on Saturday.”
things.
The fact that’s exactly what he is right now, if he’s even still alive, is killing Dean.
. I’m only tough on them because someone has to or they don’t do it. I’ll be damned if I’m gonna live in a pig sty because a couple of dicks don’t know the basic decency of picking up after themselves.”
She pauses for a couple heartbeats before she rotates her chair a little to face Dean better. "Sweetheart, since you came all this way to visit me, can I get you to do me a favour? Since I'm sure that you love me
He takes a deep breath and follows Dean into the building. Immediately through the door is a lobby like area. There’s an administrative desk to one side and a seating area to the other. At the back of the room is an open door to a bathroom, and next to that is another door with a sign stating
After he’s done in the bathroom, Castiel washes his hands and face. He’s not sure how he feels about the fact that they’ve gone to the lengths of giving him basic amenities like this. They even gave him toiletries and every day they bring a new change of clothes for him with his breakfast. Even the food hasn’t been that bad, and as far as Castiel can tell, it hasn’t been poisoned either.
And there it is, of course. In another life, Gabriel must have been a great detective. He might even be Sherlock Holmes in another universe. Whatever the case may be, Castiel grumbles into his pillow without actually answering. He doesn’t want to have this conversation. If Gabriel can wait maybe until tomorrow night, then perhaps he’ll be ready for it. Right now he just wants to get himself under control.
All the other ornaments are normal ones that Jo brought in, or Dean bought to fill up space, or Mom handed off to him. She’s kept all the family ornaments with sentimental value for herself – including the hand-me-down
Aside from the cubbies, the rest of the room is rather simple. There’s a desk off against one wall with an ancient looking computer on it and several binders standing on a shelf above it. Next to that is a TV and a seating area consisting of a couch, a love seat, and an easy chair. A table stands between that and a tiny kitchenette, though Castiel isn’t sure it can even be called that. There’s a hot plate, a toaster oven, a coffee machine, a sink, a dishwasher, and a mini-fridge under the counter. There are cupboards above it all, but it’s really the smallest kitchenette he’s ever seen.
Dean knows all about that because it was legit just last night that they were texting about that. He even had a little breakdown over how adorable it was that Cas was getting so worked about his garden. Because he was so looking forward to planting this year’s garden, Dean knows for a fact that this wasn’t a planned ‘
“It’s not a date.”
. What in the world is she doing here? No, wait a moment. She’s supposed to be spending the weekend doing something with Dean. Does that mean Dean is here? Oh dear God, the tall knightly looking gentleman standing next to her couldn’t possibly be – Castiel actually
“Where are they now?”
. It’s not the best of searches, but hopefully it will come up with something. Unfortunately, the first few links of obviously a bust and he doesn’t bother looking at anything below those because they’re usually useless.
Charlie.
That’s an odd way to put it, but alright then. Castiel shrugs and shakes his head with a smile. “I understand. But if you every want to give it a try, Nike and I are available.” Otherwise it’s likely that he’ll never get a reading done for her. He only
Mom snorts and Dean can almost hear her rolling her eyes. “Alright, alright. I won’t challenge you on this. I know what a giant
? It makes Dean’s chest feel like it’s going to burst. As much as he loves snuggling, there’s an overwhelming need to kiss the crap out of Cas for just being so freaking
“We’re not going to be a having a snowball fight. So what’s the point of this?” Sam stands up straight and Dean uses it as a chance to confirm that he is building the fort to specifications. He told him that he wanted it to be a semi-circular fort with walls that went up to hip-height. It looks like Sam was listening, which is good. Now Dean doesn’t have to touch it up later.
“Not as bad as those families that lost almost everything.” He shrugs and nearly drops his bag in the process. “They’ll pull through, though. Blazes like that are few and far between in this neck of the woods, but when they happen the whole community rallies together to help the families through the tough times.”
Castiel fixes his glasses and squints up at Gabriel with a frown. “Third?”
“That might need to wait until winter.” Cas sighs and leans away to sit properly on the pedestal, even taking his wing away. “It will be easier when the sun sets by six o’clock and doesn’t come up eight thirty in the morning.” He turns a smile on Dean and it smothers any worries he had. “But I would like that. If you do any LARP things during the winter, perhaps I could even join you?”
“It’s like you don’t even know me.” He laughs and slings an arm over his shoulders as they head towards the house. “I’m not a barbarian, Sammy.”
Seriously, best mom
It wouldn’t have been quite so bad if he hadn’t found said customer to be rather attractive. And that is where that line of thinking is going to end. Because that thing, right there, is never going to happen. Not ever. Nope. Castiel has had thirteen years of suppressing his physical and emotional attractions to people and one good looking firefighter is not going to undo all that hard work. This is going to be difficult
difficult than they were before. How awkward are things going to be now that he was a little slow on the uptake but he’s already turned Dean down?
Sam has to continue to push and drag him down the street. “Where are you parked, Cas?”
Dean will never,
He wastes no time with getting her food dished out and put down in his bedroom. As soon as she’s whisker deep in her meal, Castiel shuts the bedroom door. Nike will likely nap after she’s eaten her fill, and she had more than enough places in there to sleep. It leaves him and Dean free to eat the pizza in peace. Castiel cuts into eight equal slices and leaves it on the cutting board. He carries that back to the living room with two plates, another couple cans of Root Beer, and some napkins.
Gabriel stirs on the couch next to him. He’s been curled up with his head on the arm rest for a while now, fast asleep. His spine pops and his jaw cracks as he sits up with a yawn. “Cassie, are you still watching the news? Y’gotta turn the TV off and do something else.”
With a deep breath, steeled courage, and shaking hands, Dean puts the crane on the counter. Tessa looks at it for a long moment before she looks upwards at the ceiling and all the cranes hanging from it. When she looks back down at Dean, she breaks into a truly
“I’m rather resilient to the cold, but I would love to stay and watch for a bit.” Castiel looks pointedly at Dean. “If you’re alright with that, of course.”
and a large part of him wants it to be. This whole week has been difficult for him and he’s been struggling. He wants to date Dean properly, but he
“I’ll let you know when Cas officially turns me down.” If he ever gets up the courage to actually
. He hated it when the FBI didn’t let him out of the apartment before, but it was tolerable because he had Gabriel. They’ve never put him away by himself, and – Wait.
“Yeah, you’ve been in my room before, but you haven’t
He hums and tweaks a feather back into place. “Yeah? Do tell.”
“That’s called a
Never in his life, not even his most rebellious of teenager years, has he talked back to his dad like this. He’s been sassy before, yes, but never like this. The last time he mouthed off was way back in the days of when it was socially acceptable to spank your kids. He got the belt for that and he never did it again. Until tonight. It’s a damn good thing that he’s an adult and everything right now, otherwise he might have gotten the belt again.
For a moment, he briefly entertains the idea of asking for him to kiss it better, but Dean isn’t that dumb. Besides, Cas said that he doesn’t kiss on the first date and this is only sort of a date. If he asked for one like this, that might make things awkward and they really don’t need any more of that when they’re hanging out together.
Dean rinses his mouth and heads back into the room to find Cas standing in front of a shelf on the opposite wall. The shelf was put up last week purely for what’s currently on it; a couple trophies and medals. “Oh, that.” He goes around the bed to join him. “My parents found those while they were cleaning up the closet in the spare room.”
If the question had been asked to Gabriel, the answer would have been a resounding ‘
The colour of Dean’s cheeks starts to match his apron and he gestures at it with a vague sweep of his free hand. “This isn’t mine, okay? Charlie got it from an ex of hers and it’s the only one we have. I needed it so I don’t get splattered by bacon, so you’d better shut up.”
. Dean groans loudly again and kicks the blankets off so he can sit up. “I thought the only thing I had to do for tonight was the meatballs.”
for this Saturday. Either it’s going to be dressing him up, doing his hair, or coaching him on what
“Of course not, silly!” Tessa takes his hand and puts the crane in the palm of it. “It’s a
“I’m not.” Dean shrugs and holds up his bag. “I come bearing gifts!”
Halfway through wrapping the railing along the stair, Dean starts dragging his heels. Cas notices it immediately. “What are you doing?”
It’s not right that Dean, as a fully trained and professional
to know about his preferences in the bedrooms is Cas anyways, so there’s no problem there. Definitely no problems there. Especially because Cas is the one who gets all growly and dominating and –
know what they say about guys.”
Confusion beats back the haze of the spell, making it easier for Castiel to focus. He concentrates on the hush of their voices, but still only manages to catch snippets of it. They mention the spell, obviously, but it’s a soft mention of
it’s going South at an alarming rate. Both are places that he would really rather it not go en masse at this particular point in time. It’s only a matter of moments before Cas or
, can we go?”
he’s awake, but when he does he knows the blame falls squarely on Charlie and Jo. Because who
He wrinkles his nose with his laugh and Castiel can’t stop smiling at how adorable it is. It’s all he can do not to laugh too. “Welcome back, Dean. How has your day been?”
“Yes, please.” His sigh is one of relief as he moves to set in the chair that Dean had abandoned.
“Oh, for
“Do –” He shudders violently and looks over his shoulder, fixing Castiel with eyes both hooded and burning. “
Cas is quiet for a moment and Dean hears the crinkle of paper. “Folding a crane.”
“Then why did the crystals react?” The question is out of his mouth before he even realizes it.
A cold sweat breaks out along his back and Dean shrugs. “Cas is a cool guy and we always talk a bit whenever I come in.”
Balthazar is behind the counter when Dean walks in. He’s got his hands full of bagged bread that he’s sorting into baskets mounted on part of the wall. Since
, he might be subject to an onslaught of angry messages later for not telling her immediately. Charlie likes being in the know. One of the few ways that Dean can bother her is buy refusing to tell her things – which is why he didn’t even bother trying to keep his relationship with Cas from her. That and she has been an invaluable source of information for him since he came to the conclusion that he likes guys too.
in charge. It makes Dean
That’s a very good question and Dean totally planned for it. “Well, yeah. We could watch a movie during, or after. Or play some games. I don’t have as many as you, but they’re good. Pretty much we can do whatever you want.”
. Even that makes him uncomfortable, but there’s nothing he can do about it. Gabriel won’t let him move out on his own, not that he really wants to. Besides that, with the skills he’s developed over the years, Gabriel is the most competent at protecting him and the only one he truly trusts. Though there is a voice that wants to add Dean’s name to that list.
knows that John’s reaction to his presence isn’t entirely acceptable.
Man, this is hard to do with Gabriel in the room. Dean swallows thickly and drops a green five. “Well, Renovations are basically done and I’ve got a booth reserved for the grand re-opening.”
When he drops his hands, Dean sees something new that he missed when he walked in. He steps away from the counter a few paces so he can get a better look at what he’s seeing. There are bunch of multicolored pieces of paper hanging from the ceiling and, upon closer inspection, Dean realizes that it’s all origami. Is that a dragon? No, no, that’s a crane. It’s definitely a crane. Dean may not know a whole bunch about origami, but that’s a pretty popular fold and he’s seen it a
Another excellent question from the mystery man in tight pants. Dean drums his fingers on the steering wheel a few times before eventually shrugging. “Oh, I dunno. I’m pretty partial to playing
While he might be torn between impressed and not, Castiel still cheers claps excitedly as Ellen holds up one of Dean’s hands to pull him to his feet, announcing him as the winner. Next to him, Mary whoops loudly. “That’s
Cas’s eyes snap to his, all wide and intense and just fucking perfect. His lips move, but he speaks so quietly that even with their noses almost touching, Dean can’t hear him. Whatever it was, it can’t be important, because Cas makes no effort to repeat it.
Apparently that was unexpected. Dean sits back on his heels and looks at the bottle for a few moments. He glances back and forth between it and Castiel before he takes a deep, shuddering breath. “Really?” His eyes are wide and shining with hope. “You really want to try it?”
Dean pulls out two tickets for
He clears his throat and starts counting loudly. Dean nearly trips getting out of his boxers; staggering the short distance to the shower. Since Cas is standing at the end of the tub where the showerhead is, Dean steps in on the opposite end. He has to swallow against what could possibly be a whimper when he finally gets that first good look at his very naked and very wet boyfriend.
rather nice.
“How did you even remember which ones I had?” Castiel doesn’t even know why he bothers asking, Gabriel isn’t going to answer him.
well here.
He slips off the couch to sit on the floor in front of the little coffee table. As much as the thought of origami reminds him of Cas, Bobby totally has a point. What’s it going to hurt to try getting back into it? Dean doesn’t
That said, there are things about Dean’s crush that Charlie also doesn’t know about. Despite how she’s been there for every tiny step he’s taken out of his bisexual shell, he hasn’t exactly told her about the whole
Even though he steps up to the line to throw, Cas still throws Dean a little pout. “We’re competing?” The only person Dean has ever seen him be competitive with is Gabriel. Otherwise he’s a pretty passive individual. Hopefully he’ll like this in the end.
.” That should be enough of a reason, shouldn’t it? Or is Castiel missing something? It’s certainly the only thing that he’s stuck on. He can’t stop thinking that maybe Dean was never his friend in the first place. He can’t stop being afraid that the first friend he’s ever had was only
rumbles behind him and it’s a sound that goes right to his cock. He might imagine the little scrape of teeth along his spine as Cas leans his forehead against his shoulder blades again, but it’s not like he cares about anything else right now. Their hands are working together on his cock and he comes over their fingers; his whole body trembling into it.
In response to Sam’s story, Dean sends him a GIF of a crying baby. It might be some time before he gets an answer, so he switches over to the conversation he has with Cas. The last message Dean received was before the sun came up this morning, saying that he’s pretty tired and looking forward to having a deep sleep today. That’s his code for when he’s going to take the stone sleep. Dean kinda hates that he wasn’t there for him this morning, but he was just
I’m going to record it!”
Gabriel shuffles off to the kitchen to get Nike some food as Castiel takes the stairs up to the roof. It really is colder than he thought and he shivers at the wind as it rustles through his feathers. For a moment, he seriously considers heading back downstairs to take
Sam jumps and very nearly drops his phone as everyone cheers and claps for him. The crowd consists of all the Winchester parental units, Bobby, Ellen, Jo, Charlie, the café staff, and the vast majority of Sam’s friends from high school. Them and whichever customers happened to luck out with their timing to be here right now. Only two people are missing from what is about to turn into a heck of a party. Dean purposefully doesn’t let himself think about Cas and Gabe’s absence.
“Well, we can try and knock him out?” Keith runs a hand through his hair and drops to sit on the bumper of the van while he thinks. “But mixing spells could be more trouble than it’s worth. Chances are, we’re just going to have to wait until sunrise.”
“Nothing.” He Castiel shushes him again as he gets the games from under the table and brings everything to the kitchen. Gabriel, of course, follows him. Instead of letting him ask any more questions, Castiel trades the food for the games and points at the door to the stairs. “Not another word or you might wake Dean. Just go put those back in the café and we’ll discuss it when you return.”
For his sake, he forces himself not to imagine Cas with wings and instead focuses on what it would be like for Cas to drag him to his feet and towards the bedroom. In his mind, Gabriel is out of town and that means they can lose their clothing along the way. It would be fucking great to have Cas manhandle him out of his clothes; tearing his shirt off and skating his lips along his collarbone. His hands – he’s got such
Dean slaps Sam on the shoulder and resists ruffling his hair. If he did that, there might actually be blood spilled tonight and he would never let that happen inside his Baby. “You
underway for how he was going to tell them. And those plans were still on phase one. This is a billion fucking phases away and
“Ken?” He doesn’t know anyone named Ken.
– I –” Goddammit! Could he just keep his foot out of his mouth for
Whoa. Now
As far as Castiel is concerned, the jury is still out on that. “Everyone will be drinking.” And he has very little experience dealing with people drinking. They were doing that at the Halloween party, but no one got very drunk. He fully expects people to get drunk at Dean’s party. Then they’ll be loud and obnoxious and annoying.
of people who like pie. If we get one of those pie tiers, we could sell slices of pie or whole pies, just like diners do.”
Well, okay then. “Good.” That decides it for him. Castiel takes one of his hands and places the bottle of lube in it. “Now it’s time for
. He really liked being friends with Cas.
It takes three separate tries to get his thumb to hit the right buttons and send Cas an emoji of a flower. Just for shits and giggles, and to make sure that he’s not being fucked with here and it’s a fake number or something. A few seconds later, Cas’s phone bings from under the counter and Kevin hands it back to him. Cas glances at the screen and a smile makes his nose crinkle. After a few taps and another handful of seconds, Dean gets a ladybug in response.
whenever Castiel eats something he’s made, but it’s always very delicious. There’s something so nice about knowing that someone went to the effort of making you something to eat, and he hopes that Dean gets the same feeling whenever Castiel cooks for him. If he could, he would like to cook for him more often, but their schedules don’t sync up enough for that.
She flashes a little smile at him before she flaps her hands at Cas. “I can hand out cake on my own. You should go and take care of the coffee for the big buff firefighter. He needs to get back to work.”
house. I’m going up on my roof no matter what Mom says, and if you tattle on me, you’re going to be banned from here for a
How can Gabriel just sit there and
up for learning how to dance like you’re basically having sex on the dance floor, that’s not something Dean is comfortable with. Not when Cas has shot him down and they’re already toeing a whole lot of those lines right now.
of disapproval. She jumps to the floor and trots out of the room with her head and tail held high, clearly displeased with having been disturbed. Castiel is a little too distracted to really notice. His gaze lingers a little too long. He finds Dean fetching even in a simple t-shirt and pajama bottoms.
like he always does when he sees the wrapping.
All in all,
that simple image feels terrifying to him. His brain hasn’t caught up with enough to give him a solid answer yet.
!” Gabriel sings out loudly as he stomps into the room. “
The smug smile on Cas’s lips falls into a worried frown as Charlie manages to pull Dean a few feet away from the table. He stops long enough to look back and hold up two fingers. Hopefully Cas will know that means he’ll be back within minutes, if not sooner. Charlie should know better than to drag him away like this, but she’s excited and he’ll forgive her for it this once. Cas does look briefly panicked, but he takes a visibly deep breath and nods. He even tries forcing a smile, but it just makes Dean feel worse about leaving him alone for any length of time.
awesome if Cas were the guy he got to try both those things with, but Dean isn’t going to hold out hope for that. And he shouldn’t wait around for it either.
If he thinks for even a moment that Castiel is going to let him escape right now, then Dean is sorely mistaken. He grabs him by the shoulder before Dean even makes it through the door into the rest of the café. “Dean, I can’t accept this.”
as soon as the door is closed. There’s a rant incoming and Dean tunes it out, not even finding any amusement in the fact that a former Marine like his dad has issues with a government agency.
Heat stirs again in his stomach and he groans softly, pressing the heel of his palm down against the growing bulge in his pants. He didn’t manage to get out of them before he stumbled into the shower today. His shirt – he hasn’t seen it in a while; hasn’t worn one for – for how long? Castiel can’t remember. All of his memories are jumbled. Thoughts broken.
delightful. Dean straddles his hips again, lines them up together in his palm and starts rolling his hips.
“Oh jeeze.” Dean’s next breath is more of a wheeze and he turns away to cover his face with his hands. “Don’t talk about you have
He looks away and clears his throat. “Reading you loud and clear.” If he had any doubts whether or not anyone besides Tessa knew that he was the one leaving the origami, this has just cleared that up.
Castiel hums happily, more to himself than the constant chatter from the back seat. Charlie has been gushing about Gilda since they got in the car, but he’s fairly certain that he hasn’t heard a word of it. At this point, he can’t even be bothered to keep his eyes open. It makes him want to throw up if he looks out the window at all the trees and signs passing by. Sitting here with his head on Dean’s shoulder is just far more enjoyable and he can just enjoy the silence in his head for the time being.
After a few moments pass where Cas doesn’t look up or even move, Dean reaches over and knocks on the table directly in his line of sight. “Hey, you okay?”
? What’s his favourite fucking colour? Dean knows literally nothing about Cas, so it’s not like he’s actually
.” He’s so
. All they can do is wait until he breaks.
Anna waves him through as soon as he walks into the café. She gives him a double thumbs up and flutters her wings. “I’ve been instructed not to strike up a conversation with you. Cas is waiting for you.”
Dean makes a frustrated noise and he sits back to get his phone out of his pocket. If Chuck is going to play hard to get, then Dean is going to have to bring out the big guns. He thumbs through his contacts until he finds Gabriel’s number and hits dial. Unsurprisingly, it rings out and goes to voicemail. Gabriel is with the FBI right now, but Dean is tenacious. Rather than leave a voicemail, he hangs up and hits redial.
. The number of Creatures who know the magic to do a reading like that are few and far between. A reading like that requires a powerful spell and, more often than not, the ones who sell their talents to perform it are
Dean sips through yet another cup of coffee while scrolling through the apps on his phone. He uses it as a cool down period; calming himself down a bit before he tries giving their internet provider a call. And
“Yeah?” Gabriel rolls his eyes. “I also remember that it took me
“Really?” The customer lifts his head in surprise and pulls his hands out of his pockets, wallet free. “You don’t want me to pay up front?”
. There’s just something about that name that
But that’s just part of their family. Their parents are in love and they’re family is as close as family can be or should be.  Which is why, no matter what courses their mother has to teach or what items their father has to fix, they always make time to have dinner together as a family. They sit and make it a point to say at least three nice things about their day. If any of them happened to have a bad day, then they talk it through. As a
Castiel’s smile slips slightly and he shakes his head. “No, I hadn’t thought to do that. To my knowledge, the nearest Witch who could do that actually lives in the next town over, no?”
Either way, he’s still rather surprised that he managed to get any sleep. After taking the stone sleep on Sunday, he woke up to the news that they would be flying home today. Keith said the FBI investigation came up with zero threats. Of course they’ll continue to keep tabs on him and especially on all future Witch conventions in the case that they’re held closer than usual and Castiel needs to minimize his presence with another impromptu vacation.
“Thanks, but nah. It’s been a long time, so we’ll be a while.” Dean shrugs and glances at Cas, but he doesn’t seem to have acknowledged the question. “There’s a lot of catching up to do, so we’ll call another cab when we’re done.”
Dean snorts and rolls his eyes. “I’ll take your word for it.” He turns into the bathroom instead of his bedroom, and puts a cup under the tap and turns it on. “If it’s any consolation, I’m pouring myself something to drink right now.”
While it would be
When Dean goes up the ladder again, Sam’s fear of repercussions for his sassy mouth seems to go out the window. He’s got no problem stepping up close and picking up on a different topic of conversation. “You go to the café a lot, right? Have you ever seen the blonde girl who works the mornings?”
“Do what? This?” Dean flexes again, and Cas hisses.
feelings are perfectly valid
The next customer who comes in has a backpack on her back and a binder tucked under her arm. She looks haggard and finds a table in the corner by the stairs to dump her things before coming to the counter to place her order. Since it’s an inside order, Castiel pours the coffee into a large mug instead of the paper cups used for the ‘to go’ orders. He’s actually pleased that his first customer of the night is staying here, because it means that he gets to test out his new idea.
The ache in his gut leaves Castiel feeling like he’ll never be
why he’s deciding
. He’s got the whole nine yards and he’s just missing the white picket fence outside to be living the quote-unquote
have fun? Was it too much for you?”
His anger fizzles out suddenly when he realizes that Dean’s breathing has gone shallow. His hands are shaking fists on his thighs, knuckles white and face red. His eyes are squeezed shut, eyebrows drawn together, and lips pressed into a thin line. He’s shaking slightly and Castiel’s anger quickly fades into concern for his mate.
“I plan to.” Gabriel is watching Dean watching Cas and he knows it, but he tries his best not to acknowledge it. “Oh, I put what you asked for in your bedroom, by the way.”
because why the
“Don’t worry, Cassie. I’ve got it!” He doesn’t even sound upset about having to cut his shower short. Clearly he knows that Castiel wasn’t going to ever answer it.
“I had no idea you were going to be here, Dean.” Castiel shakes his head as he pulls his scarf off. “All I did was go for a walk in the park because I haven’t done that for a while. If you recall,
obsessing over the story mode.
Gabriel focuses more on his phone than the conversation, but he nods. “Yup. Family emergency.”
They’ve only been driving a few minutes, probably not even on the highway yet, before Sam clears his throat. “So, someone showed up at the café the other day. They went up and took two duffle bags and the cat from the apartment.” He pauses and Dean can hear him drumming his fingers on the steering wheel. “I went up with them after they showed me their badge and everything, and they took some of Cas’s books and all the origami he had in his bedroom.”
Dean ducks his head as he picks up his purchase, the blush still staining his cheeks. “That’s – uh – that’s a damn shame, yeah. I should – I should probably get going now. I’ll – um – I’ll see you in a few days?”
He grins as Balthazar passes him his coffee. Instead of answering, he just takes a sip and raises his eyebrows. Jess’s eyes go wide at that and she gasps. “No way. Are you
. Hopefully.
on it.” Castiel shakes his head and his wigs puff in defiance.
glad you’re back, Cas.”
See, the thing is that Cas was one hundred percent right about him. Dean
proud of himself – looking just like mom. “So, you figured it out, did you?”
“Your clothes are ready!” And just like that, his moment of peace is once again shattered as Gabriel all but dashes through the kitchen and into the bathroom. He makes quite a ruckus by opening and closing the few cupboards and drawers they have in there. “If you come out of your room wearing anything other than what I picked for you, I’m going to magic your ass to the floor and change them for you.”
? In civilization, we pull one from the pot and taste test it.”
do that again.” He throws her a dirty look before climbing to the top of the step ladder and straddling it to brace himself better. “Charlie, is she standing properly before I start passing her these bins?”
With a sigh, Cas lowers his mug and tilts his head to give him a side glance. “Yes, I would like to hang out with you again.” He looks away to stare into the contents of his mug. “But I’m not sure about calling it a date. This has been an enjoyable evening, but –”
Damn, that sounds like a lot. “And you don’t have anything for the ceiling? I’m shocked.”
“Oh, wow.” Dean’s huffs a small laugh and leans back again. “Did your parents do that on purpose?”
. No matter how small, the possibility was still there.
He doesn’t think twice about the cold until he feels Dean actually shiver under his arm. Castiel lifts his head just enough to squint up at him. “If you’re cold, you can shut the window. I don’t mind.”
A smile creeps across Cassie’s face. “I do.” He actually accepts the handshake. “I’m Castiel Novak. It’s nice to meet you, Dean.”
He can see where this is going and Castiel is
again. He hates that feeling and he doesn’t want to think about it – doesn’t want to think about how this is going to affect him when the spell is officially finished. Castiel doesn’t want to think at all and the only thing that calms his mind is having Dean close. It doesn’t take much thought for him to reach out and pull Dean up into his lap, his knees framing Castiel’s hips.
Dad nods in agreement. “Oh yes, it feels like we already know you!”
with a man.
that Castiel makes too and he swallows thickly.
With a laugh, Cas sighs and turns in his seat to face Dean again. “I’m sorry about that. He gets grumpy when I make him do things without at least twenty-four hours notice
like a Seer does.” Castiel tilts his head back and closes his eyes, searching through his memory storage for all the information he knows is there. “I believe they used to have the one they were doing the reading for touch the focus or concentrate on it to help their vision be more concise.”
Oh, and of course there’s Cas’s wings to take into account. With his wings out, it’s not like he’s going to be able to be on his back. Dean could try bouncing in his lap while he’s sitting upright, but that’s again something they’ll have to try another time. He kinda just wants to keep it simple tonight. Missionary will probably work best, and then maybe after they get into a good groove, then
to manipulate you. That’s the problem with them, y’know? Creatures have
No matter whether he acts on it or not, the risks for Dean are never going to change. Whether he knows if Castiel is a Gargoyle or whether he doesn’t isn’t going to change that he’s going to be in danger if they’re in a relationship. Castiel hasn’t seen hide nor hair of the dark Coven that killed his parents more than a decade ago, but that doesn’t mean their gone for good. The FBI hasn’t been able to find them either, but they’re still out there and so are others. They might come looking for him eventually and they’ll go through anyone when they do.
Castiel shrugs and continues with his squats. “I worry that I’m holding you back. My problems shouldn’t be your problems.”
Dean puts her out of his head as he heads into the kitchen. “Hey guys. How’s it going?”
“I don’t
With a soft smile, Dean uses his free hand to straighten the lapels of Castiel’s coat for him. The other remains firm on his shoulder and Castiel finds it strangely grounding. He closes his eyes and focuses on that solid weight. “I want to do this, but at the same time I –”
With a snort, Gabriel holds up one of the pieces of paper. “What’s this about? Vodka?”
“I shouldn’t, but –” She pauses and glances around like her own personal Jiminy Cricket is going to pop out of nowhere to reprimand her for it. “Oh, okay. One slice.” She hops the back of the couch to sit cross legged at the end closest to the pizza. While she gets a slice from the box, she gestures at the TV. “So what’s this that you’re playing?”
was when he first started making out back in high school.
now. It’s bad enough that he’s been friends with Cas for nearly seven months now and he
reason, and not because Sam has clearly been practicing. It’s also not because Dean is suffering from major sleep-brain and clearly the Player Two controller is the shitty one. The birthday boy always gets to be Player One, otherwise Dean would never have allowed this atrocity to happen. Player One is his birthright as older brother and he
with ideas for birthday and Christmas gifts. It’s just one of the many reasons that Dean loves his little brother. He’s such a helpful little genius and everyone should take a page out of his book and do this.
While that does make Mom pause in her cleaning, all she does is turn a smile on him. It’s the kind of secret smile she uses when she’s being playful. “You’ll learn when you’re older.”
Party? What party? Oh! That Halloween party Gabriel mentioned earlier in the week? Fuck, he hadn’t even considered it. “I dunno. I haven’t even checked if I have the day off yet. Actually – has a day even been decided for it?” He looks at Cas, eyebrow raised.
much, but he does end up learning some new things about Cas’s preferences that he didn’t completely know before. They talk about morning rituals and bedtime rituals, and everything in between.
There’s that personally insulted noise again. “Yes, yes it is a big deal. As such, I want you to come to the café tonight before I start my shift this evening.”
He nods and starts after Mr. Richings and the priest, the flowers and the bag with his dad held close to his chest. Dean falls into step next to him and they cross the field full of lines of headstones. The one they end up stopping next to is fairly close to a willow tree. The long hanging vines and leaves are being held apart by the poles. Now that they’re close enough for him to see, Dean sees that the tops of them are actually forked to hold the leaves out of the way.
] | [
When he puts his phone away, Castiel feels all the more confident that making friends with Dean was absolutely the right decision – even with the worry about his safety while he’s out on a call.
About halfway through the episode, his self-loathing starts to wane in favour of absorbing every detail that comes across the screen. By the time the episode comes to an end, he doesn’t feel nearly as terrible as he did during its beginning. Castiel even manages to maintain some composure and not be
Sam starts in surprise as Dean yanks his hand free and immediately reaches for the IV in his arm. He’s trying to sit forward, shifting to kick the blankets off. Dad grabs his wrist to stop him and Sam is on his feet, hands on his shoulders to keep him in place. It doesn’t take much, honestly. There isn’t much strength in Dean’s limbs to start with, but the
to take a shower. Sticking around and joining him might be a spur of the moment decision, which gives this an interesting spin.
, Mom. I’m bisexual.”
Oh Lord. The light is flashing. He
delighted. “There is a
. But, since he’s not going to be leaving the house for the rest of the night, he might as well kill two birds with one stone. He can make sure that Gabriel gets an appropriate amount of sleep
air in the dining room. Dean is sitting in his usual spot at the table, which just so happens to be opposite of his Dad. Sam is next to him and Mom is across from him. The two of them have been glancing back and forth between Dean and his dad all dinner and it’s starting to get on his nerves a little bit. It was bad enough that dinner felt super tense and Dad didn’t say a word during the whole thing.
up to something. “I said
“Possibly.”
“You think?” He snorts a laugh and shakes his head.
on here. And it's not like Cas flirted back with him the other night – if you can even count what Dean did as flirting.
“And you’ve
Again, she meows, but this time she takes a swipe at the ball and pauses to look at him. Castiel feels victorious and he smiles at her. “Don’t tell Gabriel, alright?”
They don’t say anything, but Dean and Gabriel exchange smiles and a couple nods.
“Mr. British Lazy Dough?” If they’re brothers, then why does Cassie not have an accent too? Holy shit, if he had an accent
Dean rubs a hand over his face while he puts his thoughts in order. “Okay. I hope I’m reading this right, but you – um – you like me too?” God, he feels like he’s in fourth grade all over again.
“For the record, I didn’t lie.” She steps out of the way with a twirl of her cape, looking entirely too pleased with herself. “There really
“Why are we stopping?” Charlie looks up from her phone the moment they start slowing down. As soon as she realizes where they are, she looks down again. “Oh. Coffee! Good thinking. Get me my usual.”
“Yeah, that – that sounds good to me.” Dean smiles, warm and easy.
It’s so sweet of him to say that, but Castiel doesn’t want to give up on this just yet. “No, you don’t have to. Maybe it’s just something that I have to get used to? We might have to do it more for me to start finding it enjoyable.”
Dean's smile falls immediately into a soft wince. "Shit, I forgot about that. There'd probably be a lot of people. It'd be folks from the station and friends from some other things I'm involved in."
“I totally can.” He laughs, squeezing Castiel’s shoulders and jostling him in the process. “It was Charlie’s idea in the first place.”
Cas’s sends a shifty eyed emoji that gets Dean’s suspicions up in arms.
Sam nods in agreement. “Congrats, you two. Does this mean I get favouritism at work now?”
It’s not quite the same as walking or running on the treadmill, but it’s all they have at the moment. Gabriel has plans in the work to get rid of the desk in their living room and to move the TV into the corner so they have room to get a treadmill. Castiel actually
doesn’t want to be a part of it anymore. Which means that it’s a perfect time for him to withdraw upstairs. His shift starts in an hour and he wants to spend some time with the cat before then.
“Just promise me that you’re not still waiting for me.” He can’t bring his voice above much more than a whisper; worried that if he speaks any louder he might give away how badly he wishes he could say that they
by customer service!”
“That’s good to hear.” Castiel picks the mug up and moves it to a bin next to the kitchen door where he puts the dirty dishes. “I hope none of the other customers disturbed you when they came in.”
He’s halfway up the stairs when his phone buzzes in his pocket. Dean has it out by the time he reaches the landing outside Cas’s door. There’s a key jangling against his car keys in his pocket that he could use, but he doesn’t want to just walk in unannounced or unexpectedly. That would be
“So, how many of these guys do you have left before you reach one thousand?”
Castiel rolls his eyes and picks up the book he had left on the coffee table. “I wasn’t planning on disturbing you.”
Castiel can’t afford to care about it. He has too much to deal with in his own head, and the demands of his body have to be taken care of before it becomes unbearable. It’s probably just Rowena or Crowley throwing a tantrum because he’s
“Because Santa visited,
“I’m letting you guys have the party in the first place. How is that
Keith picks up the folder and flips through the pages again. “Your temp employee, Naomi, is on shift today. She’s set to leave this evening.” He hands a few of the papers to Gabriel, effectively distracting him from his phone. “Castiel, I expect that you’re going to go straight up to the apartment since it’s the middle of the day. With that being the case, Gabriel, you’re going to have to sit down with her and your Fae buddy there. It would be better for you to do it in public where your employees can see you. Naomi will give you a brief report of her time there.”
Dean’s stomach drops and any follow-up questions he may have had get swallowed down. What if there’s another thirty Coven members out there? He doesn’t want to think about what that might mean. For Cas’s sake, that would mean he and Gabriel can’t return to Montpelier. They would have to move –
. He can feel how hard Dean trembles with the effort of moving, especially since he must be close to coming too. A shiver of delight still runs up his spine and makes his scalp tingle. Dean is trying so hard that his whole body must be straining for that edge of pleasure.
. Benny can and will literally suck your blood. Bobby’s the boss, so no one messes with him. Your parents are too awesome to tease, plus they’re
“One of these days, Cassie! If your brother doesn’t pull that stick out of your ass, then I will!” Balthazar even has the gall to shake a fist at him.
It’s pretty much the best night of the month and Dean loves it. There’s something awesome to be said when the boss man plays favourites and
She steps aside to let him in. “Well, you’re in luck. You weren’t gone long enough for them to show up.” But that wasn’t really one of his worries, since Dean knew that Sam would have texted him if they had.
would he get for Dean? He seems to be someone who has everything they could want. Maybe he could get him a book, or perhaps a movie? What about a gift certificate to a restaurant that Dean might enjoy? Or something that has to do with his car?
Any attempt at a glare Cas tries to give him is completely and utterly ruined because he can’t stop smiling. It’s just so
There’s a dopey little grin spread on Cas’s lips. “Why did we wait so long again?”
“Oh, okay.” He shrugs and turns back to start towards his bedroom again. “I have no issue showing you my room. I just don’t want it to be awkward between us.”
There’s a receipt amongst the items and Castiel picks it up after tossing the bag away. It’s dated
. At best, they might just decide to shave little pieces of him off while he’s sleeping. But then how does that affect him when he wakes up? Would he be missing a finger or does damaging the statue in any way mean that he isn’t going to wake up again?
Castiel tries
friendship. People who enjoy spending time together usually go out to places instead of just hanging out at their places of work. They can’t have a normal friendship if he’s going to be
and that is not a good sign. He hangs up immediately and tries calling a few more times before he’s convinced that it’s not going to go through no matter how many much he tries.
“You say that, but I totally see a pie right there.” With a flourish, Dean gestures at the pie stand that Castiel had moved to the back counter to make room for the items from the bookshelves. “Mom gave me a pie of my own, but I’ll never say no to some of yours.”
tired.
them way back then. “It was basically the same shit I had to go through after the first blaze I ever dealt with, remember?”
Warm hands, burning him like brands, slide up his sides and circle around his back. “It’s okay, Cas.” Fingers sink into the feathers at the base of his wings, rubbing gently. “It’s okay.”
Dean shakes his head and moves over to block him from getting to the kitchen. “Nope, no more beers. It’s almost midnight and you’re going to start out the New Year being awesome.”
This is highly suspicious behaviour and Castiel squints down at him. “Why are you smiling like that?”
This moment borders on the ethereal and Castiel finds that if he lets himself think about it for too long, then he has a hard time comprehending that this is real. What if this is just some kind of thrall induced hallucination? Or an illusion created by the Coven to get what they want?
“Nothing.” Castiel shakes his head and balances his phone on the armrest. “Nothing is wrong. Why would you assume that something is
Oh. Something like surprise, but a lot warmer, floods Castiel’s chest in a sharp geyser of feeling. It leaves him stunned. “You – you think I’m
“Can we let my wings out before we do anything?” The ache between his shoulder blades twinges painfully as he bends over to shake some kibble into her bowl from the container stored in the closet. He picks up the bowl for her wet food, since he’ll have to get that from the kitchen.
Oh, oh,
Dean’s enthusiasm is beyond touching as he holds his plate out. “Sweet Jesus, yes, please!”
Thing is, Dean still likes Sam’s ex-girlfriend from high school; Sarah Blake. It still sucks the big one that her family moved away right after graduation. At least they still got to have prom together before she left. But neither one of them really wanted to do long distance, so they broke up after prom. Totally mutual, but Dean still misses Sarah. She was a cool kid and complemented Sam’s nerd ways quite nicely.
Apparently not, because in the next breath Cas is kissing him. He starts rocking his hips again, not riding him, but moving just enough that Dean groans low in his throat. Feels
Now that it’s May, Dean has seriously been considering taking all the plants up onto the roof. Spring has definitely sprung and most days Dean doesn’t even need the light jacket that his mom forced on him. It’s sunny and warming up nicely, which means that Cas would probably be moving his plants out into his garden around now. But what if he moves them up there for him and puts them in the wrong spots? Or he brings out a plant that was never meant for the roof? What if he
. Hold the fucking phone. That calendar is hanging right above every single one of the origami pieces that he’s folded and left for Cas. Lined up in two neat little rows right there on the top of the bookcase are Dean’s crane, cat, fish, penguin, koi fish, mouse, bear, koala, whale, dragonfly, dinosaur, and seahorse. Cas actually
the search was about. That would be giving away Cas’s secret and there’s no way Dean is going to do that.
“Alright, Cassie. Shirt off.” Gabriel appears in the doorway with a small knife in hand. “Let’s get this over with so I can hit the hay.”
No, absolutely
Grumbling to himself, he drags himself off the couch. Gabriel wisely doesn’t say anything as he trudges off to his bedroom to put his blanket away and change into a t-shirt, sweat pants, and his running shoes. The movie isn’t started back up until Castiel is standing on the treadmill and tapping away at the buttons to load his history. It’s facing the TV, so he can keep watching the movie while he runs.
type of magic. It’s a spell that has been condensed into a round physical form no bigger than a golf ball.
Between paperwork and Bobby’s lecture, Dean honestly isn’t sure which he’d prefer. The paperwork, probably, because he doesn’t have to do that alone. Uriel and Meg were out on the job with him tonight, so he’ll be filling it out with them. The lecture, however, is just for him and Bobby is going to do it in front of everyone just to make sure that they all know the rules and stick to them.
Dean takes a few deep breaths as the engine starts up and the fire truck rumbles to live under him. He needs to focus on his job now, no matter what the call is about. Thankfully, this isn’t about a fire.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know that too.” Dean lifts his shirt enough to take a whiff and
. Even those have been short, stiff, and completely different from anything Dean had hoped for. Cas was so ridiculously touchy-feely at the club. It gave Dean a taste of what
No, but a little bit yes. And it’s so hard to think about that when he’s still kinda trying to catch up on the fact that now his parents know what’s up with Cas. Are they going to be pissed with him later for keeping such a big thing a secret from them? And what about Dad? He already hated on Creatures enough and he’s still just
“Behaviours?” Dean grunts and there’s the shuffle of a blanket in the background of the call. “S’fine, Cas. Last night was fun.”
“I’m going to order a broom to the room so I can clean up your dust a bit, okay?” His fingers slip briefly through Castiel’s hair as he talks.
difficult time going to sleep and especially if his body reacts while they’re in such close proximity together. It doesn’t help that they’re going to be in the
a week after the actual date. Then it’s time to dig out the Christmas decorations and have those on standby for the first of December.
“Modeling.” Castiel shrugs and lets Nike down to his lap again as she starts to squirm.
“Oh fuck, right, of course.” Dean starts suddenly and turns after him. “I’ll lock up behind you.”
Cas is a lot more refined with his first bite, but he smiles and nods in agreement. “It does taste rather good. Gabriel will be happy to hear that.”
Dean groans and puts his beer down so he can rub his temples. “Can we change the topic? Trying to understand the Fae makes my head hurt.”
. What if his lips were looser than his hands? What if he
Her pout follows him out of the café, but Castiel doesn’t let it bother him. With some effort, he puts the origami gifts out of his mind and does his best to focus on enjoying his walk.
“Thanks, guys. I totally forgot all about that.”
“So many things make sense now.” Mary’s smile looks more proud than understanding. “I’m happy for you, baby. Congratulations.”
Kevin is out from behind the counter and busy serving Chuck at his usual table set up. Dean hangs back just long enough to give him a wave as he passes through the café. He makes it a point to let the staff know that it’s
That blush goes even darker and Cas shakes his head. He stares at the floor long enough that Dean starts getting uncomfortable. The feeling only gets worse when he eventually moves over to sit down next to Nike. On the bright side, they have the cat between them – right up until she crawls right into Cas’s lap, curls up into a ball, and starts purring louder than a lawnmower. Well, she
himself.
people he knows at any event hosted at Dean’s home. Knowing fifty percent of the attendees might be even to offset his anxiety over spending time there. Unfortunately, there just isn’t enough time between now and Monday for him to do that. It’s possible for the future – though it depends entirely upon whether or not Dean does many things with his roommates where he might also invite Castiel.
“Oh, shut up.” Dean mutters, though mostly to himself. His hand muffles it quite well as he rubs it over his face a few times.
A few pages later and there are claws and teeth catching on his foot. It seems Nike is no longer sulking and is instead taking her revenge on his toes. Castiel doesn’t even look away from his book as he reaches down to shoo her away. Apparently she’s given up on sleeping and has decided that it’s playtime. Luckily for her, Castiel can adapt to either one of her moods. He continues reading as he reaches under the end table to fetch one of her string-on-a-stick toys.
, is he in trouble now? No, no. He didn’t do anything wrong that he knows of. Instead, Dean clears his throat and goes for the glib option to test the waters. “I know you’re gonna say something no matter what. Hit me, mama.”
To Castiel’s great dislike, Dean tries to step away. A growl curls his upper lip for a moment before he catches himself. He shakes his head and runs an unsteady hand over his face. “Sorry.”
“But he’s in his
There’s a hum in his throat and a bounce in his steps as he scoops Nike up from her spot on his pillow. She meows in annoyance, but allows Castiel to kiss the top of her head before she starts to struggle. He’s noticed that she isn’t exactly a ‘
. Charlie got off work at eight o’clock and didn’t even wake up at the delicious smells. Jo didn’t even get the chance because she’s at work and she is
“Yeah, well, Dad’s history with Creatures kinda led me to believe otherwise.” Dean shrugs and glances back towards the house. Thank God he was wrong.
“Dean Winchester.” Castiel tries to say his name as if it were nothing, but it’s like a physical ache in his chest and it
The menu board is hand written, but it doesn’t get changed very often. Castiel can count on one hand how many times they’ve change that sign since they opened, and that’s why this spell is so significant. It takes the letters for the
Chuck leans over to one side to start squinting at the certificates. He even rises up on his tiptoes to get a better look at them. “Seriously?”
Chuck looks a little surprised by that. “I – I’m sorry for before. But, yeah, if you don’t mind, sure. I’d like to come back.” He ducks his head as he puts his wallet away. “I got a lot of work done.”
“Here.” Castiel puts the plate in his lap as he sits down next to him, ready to eat and watch whatever movie Gabriel is watching right now. “I’m going to go for a walk as soon as I’m done.”
wants to know Nike’s past the most. “I’m afraid so. Gabriel isn’t skill in that method of magic. There are others I could try asking if I really wanted to know.”
“I just – I mean, y’know, she’s lucky because she was found by someone as nice as you?” He makes a flippant gesture with his fork and tries to keep eye contact to a minimum. “Someone like you, who’s willing to keep her and all that shit.”
“No.” Richard revs the engine, speeding up and taking the bends in the road sharper than James would like. The van tips dangerously as he swerves off their driveway and onto the road. James can tell when the sound of the tires changes from gravel to cement.
. It’s just – he’s
whenever he has a nightmare about his parent’s death. It’s difficult not to be whenever he’s forced to relive the memories of being shoved in to the backseat of a car and covered in a  tarp. How is he not supposed to believe that his dreams are warning him when he wakes up with his mother’s scream in his ears, telling Gabriel to drive and not look back? It was one of the last things he ever heard her say, and his nightmares are always filled with it and the sound of Gabriel’s muffled crying in the front seat of the car.
let this be what he thinks it means.
“That’s good.” Dean flashes Castiel a bright smile before he leans forward to look at the pie stand. “Have you picked a day for when you’re going to take the posters down and officially keep her for yourself?”
He takes a deep breath and lifts his head to meet Dean’s eyes again. “And it might cost you the same it did her. That’s the reason I was so hesitant where you’re concerned. I wasn’t comfortable even trying to have a relationship with you until you knew what risks you would be taking to be with me.”
for this later, you little
With that in mind, James clears his throat as Mom steals the ball from Richard to take her own shot on the hoop. “Was Dad planning on going to the library today?”
He scratches his belly and shakes out his wings before heading out of the room. Castiel doesn’t get far as he bumps right into Gabriel two steps out the door, a toothy and excited grin stretching his cheeks. He lost the distance race and is just starting to grow his facial hair out again.
“Correct, my fine feathered friend.” Keith snaps his fingers and ends it by pointing at him. “You just need to act
.” He presses his face to his stomach, breathing him in again and soothing the itch starting to scratch under his skin. “I can
– do that more.” He tightens his grip when Dean swirls his tongue again. “I
“Shh, dear.
1961 – 2002 | 1964 – 2002
here.”
strides in the right direction with Cas and it’s just – it feels really good. Things are turning out way better than he thought they would tonight, and he’s pretty sure he hasn’t made an ass out of himself! There’s still time for that, but hey, no sweat.
Slowly, he fans his left wing out past Dean’s shoulders and curves it around them. The soft sound of surprise Dean makes is almost like a squeak. Castiel rolls his lips between his teeth to hide his smile. He looks over to find Dean staring at the spill of black feathers tickling down his side. His fingers start twitching between his and he knows, without a doubt, that Dean is just
yet and it's killing him that he hasn't had the chance to tease the shit out of his baby brother the
“You said that I had to pay you back, right?”Dean leans in and bumps their noses together. It’s just a precursor to before he leans in and kisses him. But this is more than just that. The kiss is a distraction to keep Cas from noticing him get something from his pocket.
“I promise I’ll come back down afterwards.” Cas directly contradicts all of Dean’s thoughts as he shakes hands with Sam and Balthazar. “I just have some things that I need to do upstairs first.”
what he’s going to say to him when they see each other again.
“Was – was that okay?” He looks up to check on how Dean is doing. “Did that hurt?”
“It’s Valentine’s Day!” She gasps and lays a hand on her chest, like she’s honestly surprised by this information. “Everyone and their mother has plans on
Oh, c’mon. It’s not a freaking birthday wish. Or, maybe it is? He doesn’t know the nature of wishes from all the other traditions in the world. “Fine, fine.” Dean sighs but he still smiles at him. “I hope your wish comes true, Cas.”
.” His hand comes up to ruffle Castiel’s hair again. “Tomorrow night you can bring ‘er down again.”
since he took any time off work and it’s a little weird to think that he won’t be working again until next Sunday. Not that he’s really going to have any time to think about that. He’s got a
going to decorate for the party, right?”
beyond a handful of heated kisses that held the potential to evolve further but never did.
“It’ll be fine, Cassie.” He squishes his face between his hands before tapping him on the nose. “You did well at Dean’s party, didn’t you?”
Jess winks at him, her grin still bright. “You do what you need to do there, buddy.”
while Castiel was there. “I thought he was over that?”
There’s a ringing in his ears that doesn’t belong there and each breath is coming short and quick. His hands are shaking at his sides and there are tear tracks on his cheeks. Castiel doesn’t sob or even sniffle, but every blink sends new tears skating down his face. Every step shudders through his body and he feels heavy even though the world feels like it’s getting farther and farther away. The edges of his vision go blurry and black, and Castiel wouldn’t be surprised if he passed out.
“Good evening!” Renee smiles brightly as she crosses the cell to the table. She has a tray with the standard breakfast of bacon, eggs, toast and what looks like apple juice today balanced in one hand and his change of clothes in the other. There’s a broom tucked under one arm and a roll of clothes under the other. “Here’s breakfast. Eat up and don’t mind me while I clean up.”
Dean looks as surprised by the answer as Castiel feels. “Really?”
Dean’s laugh rumbles through the line. “Aw, did he give himself up? I was looking forward to ratting him out. It was going to be so fun.”
A pout pulls at Rowena’s bottom lip, but Crowley is the one to answer. “You’re not leaving us much of a choice. You’ve been fighting the potion for
a nice smile. It is, but it isn’t. There’s something knowing behind that grin and Castiel doesn’t like it on an instinctual level. Gabriel wiggles his eyebrows and puts his hands in his pockets as he takes a step back into the hallway. “I’m heading to bed now, so you kids better not get
When he finally leaves the bathroom, the mirror is fogged so completely that he can’t even make out any details of his face – and he’s vaguely thankful for it. Castiel doubts that he could look himself in the eye right now, much less anyone else. He’s proven right when he steps out into the kitchen with his hair still dripping and a towel around his waist, only to find that Gabriel is still waiting for him. Nike is much more vocal with her displeasure about having to wait outside for him and she rubs against Castiel’s ankles, not caring that his skin is still damp.
thing, but a
“Can – Can I see them?”
as he leans forward to look at the pumpkins. He glances over the first two before pointing at the third. “Is that a
Dean is fast asleep in the middle bed of the far wall. He’s snoring softly on his stomach; one arm hanging over the edge of the bed. It’s such a peaceful sight that Castiel almost doesn’t want to interrupt. But it would be weird for him to just sit here in a separate bed without Dean knowing. That would be building upon the
has to make sure you’re not getting too big for your little brother britches.”
. That feeling – that one word – screams through his head and he lurches away from her. He staggers as he gets to his feet and back up against the wall of the bathroom.
. He and Dean would not and
Cas hums softly, thinking. “What about –” He pauses and looks away briefly. “What about continuing the marathon next weekend?”
Oh dear God, why does he have to be so sweet? Castiel gets just a little weak in the knees from Dean’s kindness and he leans into his hand. “Thank you. This is – It’s like the New Year’s Eve party all over again, but so much
– but he does look forward to the day he lets someone do more.
“It’s fine, Dean.” Castiel is quick to cut him off as he suppresses a shiver and shuffles his feet. “But could you please open the door to the station for me? I didn’t wear a jacket and it’s a little cold out.”
A soft hum is the only warning he gets before Cas steps in behind him and slips his arms around his waist. He rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder and his voice drops into a soft whisper that can barely be heard over the shower. “What if I want that to happen?”
Augh, it’s just the worst when he’s like this. But he’s got a point, and Castiel sighs. “No.”
The meaning behind the words is more or less lost to him. Castiel can’t
“Because you love your job.” Cas turns away instead and pulls the shower curtain back. “I’m not going to ask you to stop working a job that you love, but it puts you in danger and I don’t like that there’s nothing I can do about it.”
The door clicks shut again while Gabriel is smoothing the wrinkles out of Cas’s coat in his arms. Dean’s throat gets that choking tightness in it again and he has to take a few deep breaths before he thinks he’s capable of getting words through it. Even still, he can’t look up from his lap. “I’m sorry.”
you're insinuating?"
It’s very rare that the night shift is actually
“What about –”
The answer on the tip of his tongue is almost an overwhelming ‘
? Holy shit. Do they – do they
“I said nothing.” Castiel holds both of his hands up in innocence as he slides onto one of the stools on the other side of the kitchen island.
And that is literally everything that Castiel owns. Except for the cat, but he doesn’t exactly
“You should definitely start selling it.” Dean swallows a bite and has to resist the urge to lick the fork clean. “I would buy a whole pie, like, every time I’m on shift.”
She brings a hand up to rub at her temples. “He took your dad to all those anti-Creatures rallies when he was young. That’s when Creatures were campaigning for equal rights. It hasn’t been that long since they got their rights, you know, and it’s hard for some people to get over their old prejudices.”
“Hey, Cas!” Dean walks into the café at his usual time of two o’clock in the morning. He seems unusually chipper for someone working twenty-four hours straight. “How’s it going?”
. He chews thoughtfully on a fry and approaches the alley, this time looking at the ground instead of the average height of a person. If Gabriel was here, Castiel would be getting subjected to a hell of a lecture about safety. Even if the noise
A fluorescent light flickers to life on the ceiling, drowning out what little moonlight makes it through the slats that cover the windows. They’ve been open all day and they’ll close before sunrise in the morning, just as they’ve done every time the sun rises and they don’t want him to take
on their phones. With a table between them, Dean stands a better chance of escaping the game without bruising. Jo really doesn’t like it when he kicks her ass at it every single time they play a game together.
like what Dean wanted to happen tonight.
“I dread the thought.” He’s being somewhat honest with that. “No doubt you would start with my relationship with Dean.” And Castiel bases that entirely on how often Gabriel teases them.
something to be said for getting used to it. In fact, there’s a tingling sensation starting at the base of his spine. Is that supposed to mean that it’s starting to feel good? Castiel wants to ask, but Dean looks so focused with what he’s doing that he doesn’t want to interrupt him. It’s best that he just let Dean do his thing.
.” Dean was so focused on giving Cas his present that he didn’t even noticed the tangy smell of fresh baked pumpkin pie in the air. It’s cooling on the pie stand with a mesh cover over it and it looks
It’s difficult to look away from him in that moment. Castiel takes a deep breath and closes his eyes, trying to center himself when he suddenly feels like he’s free falling. When he opens them again, Dean is looking at him, eyebrow quirked in confusion. All Castiel can do is smile at him in response.
Honestly, Dean’s actually pretty proud of how good he’s gotten at origami. His folds are getting more and more complicated, and he’s taking less and less attempts to get it perfect. A crane would be nothing to him now, and he can’t help wondering if he should try his hand at folding one thousand cranes like Cas is doing. If he did that, he could make a wish too – though he really doesn’t have a clue about what he would wish for.
With a deep breath, he closes his eyes and forces himself to think back to the party on New Year’s Eve. When he brings up the memory of Dean swaying in slightly, his eyes focused on Castiel’s lips, goosebumps break out across his skin despite the heat of the shower and it’s not an altogether unpleasant feeling. He swallows and his throat clicks as he changes the memory; imagining that the desire in Dean’s eyes didn’t make him run away.
Crowley makes an amused sort of noise – not quite a laugh. He glances back at Rowena, eyebrow raised. She’s watching Castiel with intrigue, one manicured finger tapping at her jaw in thought. After a moment, she looks at Crowley. Her eyes briefly glow purple again. When Crowley turns forward again, the iris of his eyes are fading from red.
Dean can’t hold back a snort of laughter. Balthazar sighs and his wings droop. “Well, you better figure out what costume you’re going to wear. Otherwise Gabriel and I will be picking it for you.”
out on the call and not get back to the station until after his shift is technically over, and he’s still not allowed to leave. There’s paperwork to complete while his memories are still fresh and it can all
“Oh no.” Dean turns to Sam. “Is
“Then why did we
“Absolutely. I lost the draw for this month so I’m staying up for every night shift.” He grins and nods, throwing every bit of confidence he has into his next words. “Try to remember what I like this time, okay? Black drip coffee with two shots of espresso.”
“Because –” There’s a moment where Dean hesitates. “Because Cas can’t go in the sun.”
Before aiming the car home, Dean makes a detour to drop Charlie and Gilda off first. They’re going to be spending the night at Gilda’s place, and that’s apparently a little apartment building on the edge of town. It’s a little disappointing, actually. Dean always imagined that all Fae live in some kind of mystical temple with a portal to the Fae Realm – or something equally cool. Like maybe the portal is actually in a massive old tree and they can just walk into the trunk like it’s not even there.
him, Cas is going to sit outside the shower to talk to him. Slightly weird, but acceptable. For now. He’ll have to make sure that this is the last time it happens. If a shower is going to happen when he’s here, then Cas damn well better be in there with him.
He must be able to tell what Dean is thinking, because Cas sighs softly and tightens his grip on his hands. “You have to make a choice because there’s a risk to being with me, Dean. There might be a day when I have to run – where I’ll have to disappear again and I might not be able to come back next time. When –
“For what?” Gabriel comes around to the side of the bed and he hesitates only slightly before patting Dean on the shoulder. “It’s not your fault.”
put those he cares about at immediate risk. Maybe he can outsmart or trick Rowena and Crowley into making another binding
She leaves the rest of her sentence hanging, but Dean knows what she means. He slaps a hand to his forehead and drops his head back over the edge of the chair. “The
Sam leans forward a little more to get a good look. When he nods, Keith swipes the screen over to the next picture. “What about him?”
After a while, Castiel grows tired of the quiet that’s fallen between them again. The next conversation they strike up between them, the one that carries them the rest of the way to the café, is about how Dean and Charlie got into Moondoor in the first place. It’s not a long story, but it’s fun to listen to Dean rant about how Charlie drags him into almost everything that she does. He calls it the curse of being childhood best friends.
The corners of Dean’s mouth pull down into a frown. “I haven’t been
, but on the other hand he’s unhappy that a gift exchange wasn’t discussed beforehand. Is this normal between friends? Do they just
There’s something big and primeval stirring inside of him and Castiel
“I might need you to help boost a bit since I’ll be covering the whole café.” Gabriel shrugs and glances around, probably mentally measuring the space to figure out the necessary strength of the spell. “If I can make up a focus sigil, you could draw it for me. You’ve got the better hand for it.”
. That’s – like – that’s basically asking like Cas is asking for his hand in marriage, as far as Dean’s concerned. There’s just no getting around this right now. He’ll have to start his campaign to stop his crushing
Dean swears under his breath, just loud enough to be heard as he writes Castiel’s score down for him. “I swear to God, you’ve gotta be cheating at this game.”
With a groan, Dean pushes the palms of his hands into his eyes and tries, yet again, to will away his boner. Of course it’s not going to work. It’s just going to tent the blankets and
Dean leans in and kisses the tip of his nose again. “Happy Valentine’s Day, huggybear.”
That sounds good. He hums in agreement as he gathers up all his gifts and Nike’s. She’s currently in cat nip heaven and doesn’t follow him as he returns to his bedroom. Castiel dumps everything except for the blanket on his desk and settles cross legged on the bed, the blanket wrapped around his shoulders with the edge pulled up over his head like a hood.
hasn’t started affecting his ability to think yet, but no names or faces jump out at him right away. A few swim to the surface as potential possibilities, but it’s not like he would feel comfortable making solid guesses about it.
Dean snorts and returns to unwrapping the rest of his gift. “Holy shit, Cas.” He tosses the wrapping paper onto the table, narrowly missing the pie because he’s completely and utterly distracted by the
Cas is making his stomach turn.
With the games in hand, Castiel follows Dean downstairs with the intention of seeing him out and putting the games away. He doesn’t expect to be stopped at the bottom of the stairs as Dean turns on the last step.
When he doesn’t answer, Cas sighs. “Do you not want to?”
is why I love this place.”
She shoots Dean a dirty look. “You almost made me spill!”
Dean hums and seeks out the hand he has over his stomach. He links their fingers and squeezes. “Yes, Cas. It was
suggest it saved him from finding the courage to extend the invitation, and he's absolutely delighted by the idea. "Yes, please. If you don't mind coming over again, I'll take care of the food next time. It's the least I can do since you'll be coming over here."
“I try.” He nods in thanks for the tip and pulls up the stool he keeps behind the counter. “And I would like to thank you for the review you gave us. It was very nice.”
Castiel doesn’t really think about it when he curls a wing around Dean’s shoulder to keep him close. An anxious buzz at the back of his mind all but entirely vanishes once he can feel Dean shifting against his feathers as he eats too. He’s real. Dean is
have to help you?”
It’s starting to get difficult to remember what he was so worried about earlier. This is
Jo, on the other hand, is probably not going to have very many people to invite. Apparently she’s not a big fan of most of the people that she went to school with. Dean only knows of a few personal friends that she has outside of the firefighters. Well, whatever. As a moderator, she can invite whoever the hell she wants. Dean invited half his friends list and that’s his job done. It’s so last minute that even though there’s going to be about fifty people invited, he doubts that they’re going to have any more than thirty actually show up.
’ with ‘
It was one of the calls Dean had to deal with in his first month as a firefighter, and it’s the kind of shit that haunts a person him. They don’t deal with things like that in Montpelier very often. An old apartment block that didn’t quite meet code anymore went up in flames faster than people could get out, all thanks to faulty wiring. Dean still has nightmares from the people he couldn’t save – the ones who were screaming while they burned alive.
“Nah, I was just bored last night and made him some more origami stuff.” Dean shrugs and accepts the croissant as it gets passed right over the top of the display case. Obviously he doesn’t need any kind of wrapping because it’ll be done before he gets upstairs. Seriously, they know him
, Cassie. The most they might do is cut the mats out of its fur.”
his bed at night like most other people. Speaking of –
Gabriel claps him on the shoulder again, using the book to do it. He drops his voice into a whisper again, even leaning in as he does it. “Don’t worry about it. Authors who are willing to pay out the ass for multiple cups of coffee throughout the night are like catching a
. Worse yet is that he hasn’t seen Rowena or Crowley since they arrived at what they called
When he hangs up, Dean tries giving Gabriel a call. His number isn’t even saved in his phone. In fact, Dean has to go back through old text message conversations to find Gabriel’s information from when he sent him some pictures. Unsurprisingly, his number goes right to voicemail too. He doesn’t bother calling it a second time, but he does leave roughly the same message. All that’s left to him is texting and though he doubts that he’ll have any more success in that, Dean still sends both numbers the same message. It’s a much shorter version of his voicemail, but he hopes that they’ll get it eventually.
Of course Nike doesn’t answer. She doesn’t even lift her head, too wrapped up in the good feelings of getting a scratch under the chin. If she
Either way, this is going to be an excellent party. It had better be, because Dean is sure as hell going to use this as another thing to take his mind off the two people missing from this party and the one month anniversary of them leaving. It’s only a few days away and he is
Oh, but he is weak. He is so very weak. Castiel stands up starts towards the door with his book still in hand.
Someone is showing and Rowena isn’t on the edge of the bed anymore. He gags for air, but nothing is getting through, but strangely he can’t bring himself to fight it. Castiel’s hands hang limply at his sides as his vision goes dark. A terrifying part of him actually
Dean glances at his watch and resists the urge to start tapping his foot like an impatient cartoon character. “C’mon, Charlie! Let’s
. Well he’s not the only one who can grow a beard, and Castiel has grown out his own too, just to spite him. His is thicker, darker, and Gabriel hates it with a passion. While his own is nice, it isn’t
right now. Gabriel will kill him if he throws up in the shower, so he needs to change mental gears right now and focus on the task at hand. Even if that’s a little bit along the same lines. Oh, Castiel
“It’s
Dean takes a few moments to get himself under control again. With the rest of the pot still needing to drip, Castiel decides there’s no better time than now to give Dean his Christmas gift. His heart is in his throat as he gets the box and heads around the counter.
Since the café is empty right now, Castiel doesn’t feel the need to wait for her. The coffee is hot right now and the walk to the fire station will cool it down quickly. He’s going to need to move quickly, and that’s not much of a problem. With the coffee tray balancing on top of the box, and a hand keeping it steady, Castiel shoulders the door open and heads out. That chill wind immediately starts creaking down the neck of his sweater and he hunches his shoulders against it.
Dean rolls off the couch and stretches his arms above his head. A glance at the clock tells him that he’s only a few minutes off from the end of his shift. Thank
“Oh yeah, I
While there are no regrets to be had over giving Dean his phone number, he does still wonder if it was the right thing to do. And yet, strangely enough, there is also a small part of him that wonders why he didn’t do it sooner. Of course, he knows the reason why he didn’t, but he’s perfectly capable of conveniently ignoring that particular fact. Hopefully Dean will never notice just how many insecurities Castiel has regarding their budding friendship.
“What. Did. You.
A bright blush fills Cas’s cheeks unexpectedly and he shakes his head. “I don’t
store sells one.”
“It sounds
expect Cas to dress the cat up too. He shouldn’t be so surprised though. From what he knows of Cas, it feels like a very
With how loud it is in the living room, it’s pretty much impossible to have any kind of meaningful conversation. Instead, Dean takes the time to point people out to Cas. People like Sam’s friends, or some folks that he went to school with when growing up. It’s not a lot, but it’s better than just standing together not saying anything. At this point, they’re just waiting for the countdown and having a good time while they’re doing it.
Castiel had considered that, but he apparently came to a different conclusion than Dean did. A tight coil of disappointment tightens around his chest. He was really starting to like Dean’s hugs. They were nice and calming, and they satisfied a previously unknown need for physical contact that Castiel had never really acknowledged before. It’s hard to give up the comfort that the warmth of Dean’s hugs gave him.
“I gathered as much.” Cas grins and flaps a hand in the direction of the cranes. He pauses and his smile slips slightly. “Can I tell you a secret?”
“But you
Castiel knows when he’s found it purely because of his reaction. Dean throws his head back with a gasp punctuated with his name. It’s followed immediately with another moan as he rocks back against him, searching for more. A shiver runs up Castiel’s spine and he leans over Dean’s back. He might not be very good at this, but he tries his best to hit his g-spot as often as he can. Focusing on that one task allows him to cling to the shreds of his humanity.
“He probably wasn’t.” Keith glances at them over his shoulder and wraps a hand over his microphone. “According to the reports I’m getting, those were dorms and –” His brows come together in confusion and he drops his hand. “Come again? A
“I’m sorry, Dean, but have you even
Co-author and artist:
liquid courage.
Rowena actually
“Oh, that.” With a sigh, Keith takes the paper back and frowns at it. “Your Fae there is being paid his weight in vodka to go along with everything. He’s going to sit in with you and give a false report of how he thinks she did as if she were a regular employee. Then the two of you are going to fill out a questionnaire regarding her services. You can put whatever the hell you want down on it, since it’s just going to go in the trash afterwards. We’re just doing this for appearances.”
Dean likes her, actually. Jess is nice, sassy, and totally understanding about this origami thing. She’s on the same page as Tessa about it and, as far as he knows, she hasn’t said a word about the origami. In fact, Tessa said that Jess always tells Cas when she was the one to accept it. And this is all too surreal for Dean, honestly. This is the first time he’s ever gotten to know those who work at a café. It’s literally become one of those places where he can walk in and actually be welcomed by
Castiel squints at him, trying to gauge whether or not he’s being sarcastic. Are there any hints in his words as to what’s waiting for him in the back? He can’t tell, but he’s still expecting anything from a trip wire to make him fall flat, or a banana cream pie to the face as soon as he walks through the door.
.” If his smile didn’t give him away, then that’s
good. He wraps his arms around Cas, digging one hand into the downy feathers by the base of his wings and sinking the other into the hair at the back of his head. It makes his wings spread and tremble again; flapping every now and then with every few thrusts.
? It’s a long way off until the next major holiday decorating, that’s for sure.
Dinner with his parents and Sam was a weird thing, especially because Dean had to get the news all over again. Of course Sammy was going to tell Mom and Dad too, because he’s worried about his job security and wants their advice on whether or not he should try finding a new job. Honestly, Dean would have done the exact same thing in his position. Too bad that Sam doing that was the equivalent of throwing him under the bus.
Instead of just throwing snowballs at each other until one of them gives in, Cas had actually suggested a capture the flag type thing. That led them to shoving the ice breaking shovel into the snow in the center of the yard. Their flag is actually a dish towel and it’s hanging through the hole at the end of the shovel. It’s an equal distance between both snow forts and the shovel, but it might as well be the moon for how difficult it is to get to it.
baker in that scenario.” He pauses before his voice drops straight into the serious spectrum. “And I really do mean
Mexican rice and a little bit of fiesta salad. They had an old bottle of spicy ranch dressing in the fridge that was going to go bad within the next month and he wanted to get rid of it. Salad is the food of the Devil and Dean only really ever ate it whenever Cas was around. The only good thing about a fiesta salad is the little crispy tortilla strips that gets sprinkled on top – and they had those in the cupboard because he just snacks on those on their own.
Cas looks back at Dean with the kind of bright smile that makes his knees go weak. “Happy birthday!”
to touch them. It comes as no surprise when he asks to do just that a moment later.
Written by:
“Even the abusive ones?” Gabriel gives her a look of horror, even going so far as to bring a hand to his chest. “You are
broken.” Cas touches it gently, but there’s no pain from that. “You
Walt smiles a gummy grin but still ducks his head with a blush. “I hope I’m not being too forward. You’re the spitting image of my late wife when I first met her in our twenties.” When he looks at Tessa again, there’s a warm shine to his eyes. “I can’t give her a card anymore, but I would like to give it to you as long as I’m able to.”
“I need to go now.” Cas cuts him off with a shake of his head and he turns sharply.
Yeah, as if Dean didn’t know that. He did grow up here, after all. “I’m talking about that whole –” He gestures at his face to mimic the expression his dad had; adding in the same grunting sound for good measure. “What was
, from getting fucked. Maybe it wouldn’t be half as worrisome if he was top tonight because that’s something he knows; that’s something he’s
“I try not to go downstairs before my shift.” Castiel grabs his glasses from the bed to put them back on and gestures for Dean to let him at the door first. “Gabriel should be going to bed soon. We could go watch a movie in the living room, if that sounds good to you?”
“Yes, you do.” His smile is practically
Dean shakes his head, eyes glued to the ridiculous Spanish soap opera they’re watching. “Nah, but you missed Alejandro and Maria breaking up for the third time this episode.”
Cas stops at the base of the grave and squints at the stranger. “Mr. Montagne?”
“Nothing?” She leans her palms on the edge of the bed and leans over him. “Is there
] | [
“Because you’re my guest.”
at all prepared for tonight. His nerves are at an all-time high and he feels like he’s going to throw up. He honestly didn’t expect Dean to move
full plates.”
And yet… Gabriel was the one who insisted that Castiel invite Dean over for another night of board games. In fact, he even demanded that it be held in the apartment instead of in the café. Going so far as to spell the apartment against Nike’s dander and fur shedding because of Dean’s allergies. That was only part of the reason why Castiel agreed in the first place. The rest of the part being that Gabriel had promised that he would make himself scarce for the evening. He’s actually getting ready at the moment to head out to spend some time with Balthazar at a local bar, or something of the sort. They’re going to do whatever unruly things it is that they do together.
“No, no,
happy to have it.
few people who know their family’s secret. He manages the more public side of their Father’s business. Point in fact, he’s the one with the actual
Here are a few more points they differ on. “I said I was attracted to him. I did
A lump rises in Dean’s throat and his swallows against it. There’s a vice closing around his chest and it’s getting a little hard to breathe. Cas is so close. He’s so close and then Dean can tell him that he loves him, because he needs to know that.
“You’re sounding pretty coherent right now.” And the only reason Dean still has his wits about him is
Tessa gives him a curious look while she’s sweeping past as Castiel makes his way to wait at the windows. She doesn’t ask why he’s down here, but he knows that she wants to. It should be obvious, really. Everyone knows that he spends at least one evening every weekend hanging out with Dean either here or at his house. Despite it being Valentine’s Day, this is
Fuck yes! Dean loves it when plans fall together. “Thanks again for arranging this with us. We really appreciate it.”
Cas steps back over to the cash register to help a customer and Dean waits until he’s done before he launches into talking about the kids in detail. There were so many different costumes – some good, and some
. This definitely has Cas’s touch to it. After wrapping gifts together for Christmas, of course he would know. And the bow looks like the perfect tool to distract Nike from getting too comfy on his foot. He wants to move it and he just can’t bring himself to do it with her there.
When Dean picks up the tray, he moves the éclair to one hand. A memory sparks and Castiel reaches out to put a hand over the coffees. “I forgot something.”
Oh, yes. This
The technician is done and gone within half an hour. As soon as he’s out the door, Dean is on his feet and in bed before the guy’s truck is out of the driveway. The alarms are already set on his phone and he barely takes the time needed to put it on the charging dock. He’s asleep moments after his head hits the pillow and it’s the best feeling in the goddamn world. In comparison, waking up a few hours later is literally the worst he has ever felt and Dean is dead on his damn feet until he can get his hands on more coffee. That’s the only way he’s going to survive dinner and a movie.
him for being a stupid fucking idiot.
set up between the tents; burning in those little metal grill boxes that the park provides for visitors to use to during their picnics.
He’s still working hard at the fine detailing of the Snitch when Cas clears his throat. “I’m done.”
outside now. It’s not warm enough for his all his plants to move back to the roof or for him to start planting the annuals. He’s looking forward to being able to spread his wings in the open air again. They’ve never experienced flight before, but there’s something about the wind rustling his feathers that speaks to a primal part of him – and is perhaps the reason that he prefers taking
By that point, that attractive smile that blinded him is gone. Dean jerks back with a start because
“Because I know how to keep a secret.” Charlie sits back again, looking like the cat that caught the canary. “It’s supposed to be a surprise and I’m not going to tell anyone.”
If that was his goal, this was a very weird way to do it. Castiel sticks his tongue out at him before returning to his bedroom. It’s the only safe place he can hide until Dean and Charlie come to get him. He still hasn’t read or answered the text messages waiting for him on his phone. A certain level of courage is going to be needed just to answer the message if he’s going to actually go
Castiel winces and shifts on his feet. This is such an
“And it’s a damn good thing that I
“Satisfied?”
Unfortunately Purgatory-Jar's art is still missing. It's our hope to come back and add them to these chapters once she finds the time to do the art. Be sure to keep an eye out in future chapters so you can come back and see it! You can view her other non-GYS (but still totally fucking AMAZING) art on
.” Dean can’t get his voice louder than a whisper. “This really isn’t anything to you, is it?”
about the fact that Sam’s big brother is the one who left the crane for Cas. With a wink, Tessa picks up the crane as gingerly as one could, and turns to place it on the shelf where all the mugs are kept. She even tucks it a ways back between two stacks so it won’t get blown off.
His grip on the steering wheel tightens as they roll over the bridge. For Dean, medical emergencies are some of the worst calls they can get. He never forgets the ones that don’t make it – either while he’s there or before he gets there. Hopefully tonight they’ll be able to save this one.
, Cas.” His voice is still low, but it’s choked. It cracks with emotion as he tries to get through everything that he wants to. “I should’ve – I couldn’t
There’s at least an hour before Cas’s shift is actually supposed to start. If it’s busy enough for him to already be working, then Dean really probably shouldn’t be sitting back here. He’ll just be a distraction to Cas and that’s no good. Especially since there are more customers here than Cas is probably used to dealing with at any given time – aside from the Halloween party, that is.
Dean shrugs and rubs his hands on his jeans. It’s so hard to just
Dean taps the end of his shovel against the side of his foot. “Hm, we’ll see what happens.” After a moment’s pause where he appears to be thinking, he returns to shovelling. “I’ll think about that later. Let’s get this shit taken care of before the snow covers up all our hard work.”
. “If you’re coming home before ten o’clock, you call me to get you, okay?” He hunches forward and squints at the headlights cutting through the snow as they cross the bridge. “Otherwise make him drive you.
Charlie clears her throat rather loudly at them. “Excuse you.
that he rejected Dean and then turned around and did something like this with him.
of Cas to do last minute. Yeah, there’s a card and a present next to the pie, but everything else is just so – He doesn’t even have words for it. He’s just so
at Dad. He’s exactly where he was before, but his arms are crossed and he’s red in the face while staring Mom down.
He shrugs and shares a look with Jo. “Well, I’ve already done my half hour on the treadmill, and a few sets on the weight bench.” They’ve got a little set up in their unfinished basement so they can work out when they’re feeling particularly guilty for eating more than half a pizza to themselves the night before. Which totally wasn’t what Dean did last night. Definitely not.
Days off are getting easier to handle, but Dean still hates having all this time on his hands. There’s only so much he can do before he’s left to sit and wonder what the fuck happened to Cas. It’s been
“We can wrestle if you want, but I wouldn’t really call it
sign hanging in the door. The lights are still on inside and everything, so Dean definitely counts that as a win.
’ thing means that they haven’t even used tongue yet. If Cas likes these kisses, then Dean can’t wait to see how he’ll like a good ol’ fashioned make out session. But he likes that they’re taking it slow. He likes that he’s going to be learning about the romantic and sexual sides of Cas a little bit at a time. It’s going to be absolutely
!” He has the dates on their rental agreements to prove it. His was signed at
Castiel nods but gives no further information. Unlike Dean, he isn’t in the habit of oversharing. He also doesn’t base how trustworthy a person is because of their
“Charlie, Bobby, Ellen, and Jo.” Mom pats his hand and gives him a tired smile. “You’re only allowed so many visitors and Gabriel wanted to wait in here to find out what you knew about Castiel’s disappearance. We didn’t have the heart to turn him out.”
A moment of silence passes before Gabriel drops heavily into the chair next to him. “Enough with the secrecy here. I need a proper explanation.”
taller than Jo! We measured that shit at the station.”
Castiel looks around at the group, just a little more pleased than he should be by their satisfied smiles as they sip their coffee. “The service you do for this community is much appreciated. This is the least I could do for you tonight.”
It’s an unusually warm Sunday afternoon for October and Dean is
Dean swears under his breath. “I’m sorry, Cas. That was –”
Mom laughs loudly. “Within the hour, Dean! I’m holding you to it!”
“You had some good formations, but you were lacking in actual tactics.” He shrugs and shakes his hand out. “And that’s why you keep me around, isn’t it?”
about Creatures and Cas, or Charlie, I’m going to walk out.”
.” He shakes his head like that’ll get the cobwebs out. “We heard a noise? Yeah, we heard something but there was no one around when we looked. I figured – I thought it was just an animal? Cas did too until – until he didn’t. He turned around again. I think it was because someone was there?”
The words come out more muffled than intended. By the last syllable, Cas’s tongue is already in his mouth and
tonight.
It’s only slightly unnerving that Charlie actually shouts at them through the bathroom door. “No, leave it out! I’ve got plans for those veggies!”
She huffs loudly but doesn’t follow after him. Castiel counts that as a win and takes the spiral stairs up to the landing at the apartment door. The cat meows unhappily as it gets jostled slightly while he tries to open the door. While he might know a handful of helpful spells, none of those include something to open doors for him when his hands are full. Actually, that sounds particularly useful. He should look into learning such a spell, if one exists.
The most recent of pictures are from Wednesday and Thursday evening. Dean sent small tidbits and snapshots of his life with his friends and family. Castiel rather liked the little insight he was given and he certainly wouldn’t object to more. If he’s lucky, maybe one day
What degree of sunlight would make him change to stone and how does he cope with that during the summer when it rises so early and sets so late? What about in the winter when it’s cold as hell? Does he take his stone sleep on the roof or in his bedroom? Does he have to take that sleep
. Of all people, he should probably be able to talk to his own brother about this, but he doesn’t think that it’s any of Gabriel’s business. This is between him and Dean, and Castiel has been working up the courage to speak to him about it.
want to stop. It takes a lot of slow back-and-forth micro-thrusts before it
Dean coughs a laugh so hard that it actually hurts his chest. He knows exactly who’s
Showers wash him clean of the day’s grit and grossness. He takes extra care to scrub every inch of skin and washing out his hair. Castiel takes great pleasure with washing his hair. Very little feels as good as massaging his scalp with his fingertips. It’s his favourite thing about getting his hair cut – and Gabriel has been the one to do it for him since they moved here. As far as Castiel knows, there aren’t any hairdressers in the area who work late enough hours. Granted, he hasn’t really looked that hard either.
Of course there is the added benefit that Dean really seems to like it when his wings are close enough for him to touch. He fights to gain some control of himself again so he can focus instead on watching Dean’s reaction as he drags the tips of his primaries up the back of one of his arms. Immediately Dean rewarded with a shuddering moan. He gasps into the pillow and Castiel has to get his own heavy breathing in check so he can hear him better. How can he  memorize everything if he can’t hear it?
. Which is why it doesn’t make a bit of sense why they’re waking him up right now.
“I’m never one to walk out on a prank, Cassie, but I was under the impression that Gabriel had more magic than you.” He still sounds unsure and shifts his weight back and forth on the stool.
don’t let this awaken any kind of
wide. “I
mention that if he wanted any snacks, he was welcome to bring some. Particularly because Gabriel has their own snack cupboard on lock down and he’s not going to let anyone outside the Novak family go into it.
Sam nods again and he sits forward. Clearly he’s excited to be able to help. “Yeah, she did! At first I thought the guy might be British until I heard her.”
“G-good?” Oh please, oh please, oh
Dean frowns at Sam and then at his parents. “What’s today?”
On the days that Cas doesn’t need to take his stone sleep, he’ll have to stay up in the apartment where there’s no sunlight. If it’s like that, he can wake up or go to bed whenever he wants. His work schedule is going to suffer, though. As far as Dean knows, they’re not going to arrange to have anyone come in and cover his shift. Balthazar is already here during the week and he’s basically done all his baking by the time Cas has to go upstairs, so he should be able to cover the front for the few hours before Cas’s shift really
forward to it. Now he’s pretty sure that’s never going to happen again. He’s never gone after a guy before, but Dean’s pretty sure that it’s not a good sign when the guy you just tried to kiss and you’ve been crushing on for months is actually
When Dean finishes, Dad is on his last sandwich and Sam and Mom are taking their sweet time. Dean stays seated long enough to put away all his garbage in the cooler. Hubbard Park has a strict rule that if you bring any trash in, then you gotta take it out with you. Carry-in, Carry-out. Them’s the rules.
attend?”
spike your food with laxatives whenever you least expect it.”
“Cas wasn’t the only one there.” Sam shrugs, his smile looking
Dean catches Sam’s eye again and subtly tilts his head towards the door. If he wants an out, this is it. He can make his escape and Dean will face the fury of his dad with his mom on his side. Yeah, sure, it would be nice to have Sam here too, but there’s every chance that this fight is going to carry on home and he’ll have to deal with it there. If that happens, then Dean is more than happy to make up the spare bed (couch) for Sam to sleep on – if Jess doesn’t offer up something better, that is.
Mom pauses for a few seconds before sighing. “Are you sure you want to go as this? It’s very…
So, Castiel doesn’t say anything at all.
Slowly but surely it begins to dawn on him that maybe, just maybe, he isn’t in Kansas anymore. Dean lifts his head and opens one eye at a time to squint around the room, just in case it’s bright. To his surprise, the room is nearly pitch black; reinforcing the growing suspicions that this is not his bedroom. His room has flimsy blinds that barely keep out the street lights, let alone sunlight. This is definitely not his bedroom because the only light is from the alarm clock next to the bed and a slightly lighter rectangle on the wall that might be a window with a really thick shade over it.
Dean, but he’s not sure exactly
That’s still not something that really matters right now, but it’s still something
It only takes a moment for the other foot to drop and suddenly Gabriel goes white. “You’re seriously going to waste your one wish on this?”
Dean never really likes it when she takes off on her own, but it’s not like he can really stop her. Charlie is fast as hell and she disappears into the crowd before he can object. All he can really do is give Cas a defeated shrug. He gets a small smile in turn; half hidden behind his drink. Honestly, Dean is a little jealous of how tasty it looks. It probably tastes way better than his beer.
“Then you need to eat more pineapples and cut out caffeine.” Dean shrugs again, but this time it’s with an amused smile tilted up at him.
“So, what are
“No promises!”
“You might not remember this because you were only ten years old when the first books started coming out, but Mom was really into these.” He crouches in front of Castiel again and holds out the book, revealing a copy of
With a groan, Dean kicks off his pants complete and rolls out of bed. He sheds his shirt before it can touch the mess on his belly. It’s time to take a shower and scrub away his shame. He really should have thought of someone else fucking him against a wall, but the dreams have all been about Cas and it’s just such good fapping material. Except that Cas is his friend who shot him down and Dean just feels bad for jerking off while thinking about him, regardless of his own physical and emotional feelings. He should respect Cas’s rejection and not be the creepy jerk masturbating to his friends.
Dean snorts his way into a laugh as he starts lubing up his fingers. “If you want me to practice on you, you probably shouldn’t be giving me different options."
Tessa sighs softly and tucks it away in the drawer. She looks up at him and bats her eyelashes with a teasing grin. “How much would it convince you to go out with
But if he wants Castiel to pay attention, then he can absolutely do that and he happily watches closely.  Dean takes a deep breath, closes his lips around the head of his erection, and
“Thanks, Mom.” There’s no point in pointing out that he’s a grown ban with two roommates and he doesn’t need her buying him extra toilet paper or boxes of Kraft Dinner. She’ll do it no matter what he says. Once a mom, always a mom.
He sounds a little bit hopeful and Castiel can’t tell if it’s genuine or not. Regardless, Castiel shakes his head with a smile. “Absolutely not.”
story for you.”
happening out there.
would turn out to be one of the best orgasms he’s ever had. It’s almost immediately marred by the storm of guilt that clogs his lungs and makes it hard to breathe. He has never been more disgusted with himself for masturbating. Castiel completely and utterly failed at not thinking about Dean. He feels sick right down to his stomach as he washes his hands of his mess.
Castiel grumbles, but he downs the pill and the entire glass of water. Gabriel puts both away for him while he makes himself comfortable, which means drawing his knees to his chest and wiggling back into the corner of the couch. Nike appears almost out of nowhere on the arm rest at his elbow, blue eyes wide and staring him down until he lowers his legs again to give her the space to curl up on his lap. She does so happily, a purr vibrating against the tops of his thighs.
That said, given his beliefs on the matter, how can he confirm whether this is just an intense version of friendship feelings or if he really is attracted to Dean? At this point, Castiel has no clue whether or not his body will react to him. Yes, of course he thinks Dean is physically attractive, but thinking someone is pretty is
tonight. And that – well
It takes a while, but he succeeds in the end. Castiel props himself up on his elbow to look down at him with a smile, his lips tingling. “I have the feeling that you’re not as sleepy as I first thought.”
Halloween is one of Dean’s favourite days of the year. The only thing that makes it even better is when he ends up having the day off. Today is that day and so far, it’s been perfect. He might be calling that a little early, given that it’s only noon and there’s
If that turns out to be the case, then maybe he
The problem he has now is whether to act on the fact that Dean might possibly know that he’s a Gargoyle now. If he does know, then what’s stopping Castiel from taking the first steps towards confirming it for him? That would close the gap between them. He wants to get closer to Dean, doesn’t he? Not just physically, but emotionally – and that’s the most important to Castiel right now. That’s what he wants, but should he take that step? Is it the right thing to do?
. Cas is too fucking cute and Dean pulls him into a hug so he can kiss him again. “For the record, I love you too.”
If you like what you've seen and like what you've read, please consider giving us both a follow over on our tumblrs. :) And make sure to give Purgatory-Jar all the love for the wonderful work she's doing with the art and the story! We're mad, unstoppable geniuses ♥
Castiel reads through the message with a smile.
time in the oven.
A knock at the door makes him twitch and drags him back to reality. The darkness is nice, but it lets him sink too far into his thoughts. Nike gives a soft chirrup against the side of his chest, but she doesn’t move. Cas’s absence has affected her just as much as it’s affected the rest of them. She’s gets super mopey during the day and spends all night meowing. If his heart wasn’t already broken over this whole thing, it would probably break just to see how much she misses Cas.
“Hey, sleeping beauty.” A hand on his shoulder and a hushed whisper in his ear rouses Castiel rather quickly. The shaking certainly helps. “C’mon, kiddo, get up. We’ve landed.”
Sam is busy with a customer in the front of the store, so Dean doesn’t interrupt him before he takes his stuff upstairs. One bag he leaves in the kitchen, but the Ikea bag goes to Cas’s bedroom and he tucks it away on the far side of the room behind the bed. That’s a surprise for Cas.
“You’re being
After a moment of silence, Rowena tilts her head and Castiel notes in his peripheral that she looks him over. “And how are you doing, dear? Is there anything that we can get you that will make your stay here easier for you?”
Jess throws a glances towards the front where Naomi and Anna are out of sight, presumably at the coffee machine. She shrugs when she turns back to Dean. “No idea. She showed up an hour after the bosses weft with that work order. I was ready to send her away, but
. Seventy degrees and no wind? Fuck yes, thank you Mother Nature. He’ll take this warmth over the chill they’ve started getting in the morning. The leaves on the trees are turning orange and red all over the place because they are well into Fall now. The outdoors is absolutely
. Thank God this isn’t a turn off for him like he he worried that it might be.
to know right now. “Are they bad?”
things for him that probably would have just annoyed him with any random person from the bar.
“Yes, and we’re both
Since they first exchanged phone numbers, this is the longest that Castiel has ever gone without talking to Dean. He’s never had someone that he’s been
of you with me.”
of him in a minute. It hasn’t changed at all, but it looks bigger than Dean remembers. Doubts start to bubble up regarding whether or not it’s even going to fit. He squashes those worries right away because of
Sam steps out of the way for him to get down. “I saw a Youtube video once of a guy straddling the top of the ladder and he just hopped and walked it into place.”
view of Cas’s ass in those jeans and he is totally
Despite that, Anna recognizes him and she greets him with a smile and a wave. “What can I get for the older brother of everyone’s favourite Winchester?”
Castiel returns to the display case and examines what they have left from the day. It’s still relatively early in the evening, so the selection is far better than he’s used to. He’s still trying to decide on what to pick when Tessa returns with the mop and bucket. Thanks to the snow, the floor gets slushy and dirty quite easily and all staff – even the ones who usually only really work in the kitchen – are encouraged to grab the mop and clean if there’s ever the chance for them to do it. Sometimes that’s a little difficult when there are customers come in and out throughout the day.
. This is not ending here. Absolutely not. Dean’s psyche is already fragile enough with leaving the crane for Cas with Tessa. This kind of teasing might break him and he could end up rocking back and forth in some corner somewhere. Dean honestly can’t think of a single time where he’s done this. When he asked Cassie out in sophomore year, it was by a note passed in math class. That was just a few months long. And Lisa was the one who asked
, even. And we let school groups do tours of the place all the time.” Heck, sometimes they even let the kids go down the poll for a hoot.
“Oh yeah, most definitely.” Dean nods a little too enthusiastically, but it really does sum up his dad to a tee. “I mean, he’s way better now than he used to be, so I’m told, because he’s had to work with them at the station for a long time. But he’s still…” It’s not a good thing and he trails off while wiggling his hand in a vague gesture.
comfortable and it just so happens that this is one of them.
Dean uses the knife to saw off a thin layer from the top of the pumpkin once he pulls it free. There’s all sorts of stringy guts dangling from it and he makes sure all of that ends up in the container. It may be easier to use the meat of the pumpkin for baking, but Dean can still make some good shit from the pieces he carves out and the stringy insides. And especially those
is he blushing? What’s the reason for it? This is fucked up.
Castiel tries, and fails, to hide his smile behind his hand. The passion in Dean is beyond admirable. He honestly actually cares about the people in his life and wants them to like the gifts that he’s bought for them. It’s incredibly sweet and an odd heat pulses behind his ribs. Castiel can’t help but wonder what kind of gift Dean would get for him. Though, that does bring to mind another question. How long do they need to be friends before it becomes socially acceptable to purchase gifts for one another?
“Of course I was.” She just smiles and holds out a paper bag. “I know you’re on shift for tomorrow, so I made you a couple sandwiches to take for lunch and supper.”
Unfortunately Purgatory-Jar's art is still missing. It's our hope to come back and add them to these chapters once she finds the time to do the art. Be sure to keep an eye out in future chapters so you can come back and see it! You can view her other non-GYS (but still totally fucking AMAZING) art on
I was disappointed in Dean’s choice of partner. He can do better than a
As it stands, there is only one customer so far that has made an obvious pass at him. That would be Nick, from the fire station. He’s the only person to have asked Castiel out since the café opened. Although he hasn’t tried asking him out again since then, Castiel still gets the distinct feeling that Nick has continued to flirt with him whenever he comes in. But, can it really be considered flirting if all Nick does is critique his clothing, his music, his hair, his glasses, and – well – basically everything about him? He even has the gall to
It’s a good thing that Dad decided to step up and try to put out the fire he started on the bridge between them. He was fully intending to never talk to his dad again while dating Cas as long as he continued to be a colossal twat about Creatures. And, quite frankly, Dean doesn’t see any end in sight where his relationship is concerned. They’ve only been together for four months, and he can easily say that he’d be happy spending the rest of his life with Cas.
“Yes, sir.” He nods and takes the shirt that Castiel hands him. “I’ll be right back, then. After I change.”
Of Castiel’s favourite things, he loves when they’re just doing mundane things together. Whether it be cooking, cleaning, or simply settling down to watch TV while cuddled up together – he loves them all. It makes his heart feel so warm and full almost all the time and it’s just such a nice feeling.
Okay, good. Dean opens and closes the fortune teller in the two different directions, showing off the different numbers inside. He counts out each letter of the colour blue and holds it open on the letter
has that
. “Me too.”
not the one being hunted by Witches and living his life looking over his shoulder all the time. If Gabriel wanted to, he could easily walk away from all of this. All he would have to do is go out that door and not look back. Then he could have a normal life, which he’s probably always wanted anyways.
Mom smiles at him before looking to Dean again. “Have a good night, sweetie, and drive save. We’ll see you for dinner on Sunday, right?”
Jo holds out the hair straightener and Charlie holds out the clothes that Dean had laid out on his desk chair this morning. She’s made one big difference though, and it comes in the shape of a leopard print
Dean doesn’t have a fucking clue what she’s trying to do here. At first he thought she was trying to hint that he and Cas were a twosome tonight, but now she’s not making much sense. Whatever it is, she had better freaking stop because Cas is looking all kinds of confused and worried, and the poor guy is already in a weird place because of how far he’s going outside of his comfort zone tonight. Quite literally, in fact.
this. Cas’s big brother only ever met him once. What are the chances that good ol’ Gabe would remember who he is? They’re probably
There’s still more than half his cleaning list to get through for the night. It’s only little things, but he wants to finish them as soon as possible. Castiel has a night of origami to look forward to and he’s excited to get to it. His cranes are coming along well, but he’s still far from the needed one thousand to make his wish. After he’s done his ten for the night, his goal is to re-fill the box of dragons. It’s gotten dangerously low lately. If he’s lucky and he works hard, he should be able to fill it up again before the end of his shift. Of course, that depends entirely on whether or not he gets a lot of customers tonight. Normally he doesn’t, but it’s also a Friday night and the bar crowd hasn’t let out yet.
After his brief meeting with Rowena and Crowley, he had been given a few days of reprieve from everything. It gave him a chance to relax, though only marginally. Now they force him to take his stone sleep every day. And they don’t even bother with the potion anymore whenever he wakes up in the evening. They hold him down so he can’t dodge the spell, as he’s proven before, and cast it directly on him. Castiel isn’t playing nice anymore and he certainly won’t make it easy for them.
“I can’t do that.” He shakes his head despite knowing that he should absolutely do so. “I’ve been going crazy at home watching all of this on TV.”
have a party or a dinner, would Sam bring Dean with him? But that’s only if they open it up to family and partners – in which case Castiel would
of obscure ones that don’t exactly stand out in folk lore like these do. And some, like the Fae, are well known but still rather mysterious.
“Why not?”
Ouch. Dean takes his eyes off the road just long enough to stick his tongue out at Sam. “The difference there is that I confessed and Cas shot me down. Now we’re just friends and I’m not
Cas just stands there and stares at him blankly. Dean sighs and starts shuffling his feet too, moving side to side in short little steps. “Okay, let’s add that to the list of movies I’m mentally making that we need to watch together some day.”
Is he – was he just oblivious to what something like tonight would do to Dean? Or did he – does he know exactly what he was doing and – and what? Is there an end game here or –? Dean doesn’t have the first fucking clue, but he does have a lot of questions. So many questions. And yet, somehow, he’s supposed to go to bed and sleep soundly with all these thought in his goddamn head.
The curtain shifts just enough for Cas to poke his head out; water already dripping from his hair. “Of course I am. Now
In all honesty, Castiel is just hoping that Gabriel will be asleep when he gets back. Since it’s after nine o’clock, he should at least already be in bed. His shift starts at five in the morning. Ever since they opened he’s been going to bed around this time, if not earlier. It’s entirely possible that Castiel will have the chance to slip into the apartment unnoticed and hide the cat in his room. Then he can spend the rest of the night crafting how he’s going to explain its presence to his brother.
Gabriel snorts a laugh; still amused but not half as teasing. “He’s a genius, Cassie. Keep him forever.”
God, Dean can’t even imagine what his dad’s reaction would be if he ended up
A blush rises in Dean’s ears and he suddenly becomes very much unable to look Castiel in the eyes. With his gaze firmly fixed on the floor, he shrugs and turns away. “It’s just – y’know – a Christmas gift. Figured I’d give it to you tonight since I’ll be on shift when I see you on Christmas and everything. So, yeah. Just – uh – Merry Christmas and see you later.”
She sighs and pulls her phone out of her backpack. “I’m on it, but only because I love you so much.”
With a deep breath and an extra squeeze to the cat, Castiel lifts his head. “This afternoon – when the firefighters were here –” He has to pause as the words feels like they’re scraping their way through his throat and making it hard to speak. “When
The three men steadily approach and Castiel has nothing left to defend himself except for his fists – and his bed. He ducks to the side to grab it, only to find it bolted to the floor. Is he strong enough to rip it free? Before he can even try, one of the Witches darts forward to tackle him. They haven’t even hit the floor before another joins the fray, both wrestling to try and pin his arms.
Gabriel tilts his head slightly and looks Castiel up and down as he zip up. “You nervous about this?”
Even though this is what they’ve been preparing for all day, Castiel’s heart is still in his throat as he steps into the kitchen. It’s pounding painfully and he’s certain that everyone can hear it when he approaches Dean’s parents to offer them his hand. “John; Mary. It’s a pleasure to see you again.”
Dean pauses for a moment before he looks away and clears his throat. “That’s a – uh – bonus.”
“It doesn’t, but it
in my case.”
“Time isn’t written, Cas. It’s ever changing.” And until Dean is shown otherwise, he’s going to keep clinging to this. Otherwise, he starts feeling the edge of an existential panic about how
When Cas holds out his hand, Dean actually feels a little faint. It’s not fair that Cas looks
potion.”
They’ve touched on a topic that Gabriel could talk about for hours and he leans forward excitedly to launch into describing exactly what kind of treats he’s going to make this week. Miraculously, Dean actually listens attentively. Castiel admires him for it. Even though Gabriel gets on Dean’s nerves sometimes, they’re still getting along moderately well and it makes Castiel feel all warm and tingly from his lungs to his gut.
kick any part of the car. “Speak for yourself, bitch. I dunno ‘bout you, but
“I know.” She sounds as smug as a pig in shit. “I’ll add you back to the schedule on your regular rotation, but you had
“And yet, I just did.” Charlie sticks her tongue out at her. “What’cha gonna do about it, huh?”
. Cas is already done the book? Dean hasn’t even managed to get his hands on the first book of
bleeding, however. I think we should take you inside.” Dean lifts a hand to his face to check for the blood, but Cas stops him. Instead, he puts the dish towel to his nose. “This will work better than your glove.”
Speaking of fingering… Castiel sits back again to watch where he and Dean are connected. This begs the question; would Dean be able to take him
you –"
. We don’t have guns. You’re thinking of the cops.”
Dean wants to believe that. He
This is Dean. There is no doubt in Castiel’s mind that this really is Dean as he buries his nose in the side of his neck and breathes deep. This scent can’t be faked. This
However, he can do that
They’ve done the roof above the porch, and they’re just finishing off the bit above the garage right now. Dean refuses to do anything outside once the sun goes down, so they’re doing making the best use of the light they’ve got right now. Charlie and Jo are currently pushing candy canes into the ground on opposite sides of the driveway. There’s ten of them and they have to line them up properly as long as the cords will let them. While the candy canes look nice, it just means they’re all going to have to be really careful with where they shovel the snow during the winter.
When he rubs his thumb over Dean’s forehead, it makes his nose crinkle slightly. After a few moments, Dean groans softly and he turns his face into the pillow, rolling over slightly onto his stomach. Castiel doesn’t let go of his hand and squeezes it slightly. He taps his thumb against the top of his head, humming softly while he waits. “Are you going to wake up any time soon, Dean?”
