Dean looked up, finally taking the features of Cas’ face and he sighed, “You come back to collect me? I’m not ready to go yet.”
It seemed like a blink of an eye before the wedding was just days away. Dean showed up at the shop to make sure the flowers were all on track and asked Cas to go to his bachelor party. “Sammy’s throwing the party, and we’re doing a combined one with Jo and me. It’s low-key, we're going to Jo’s mom’s bar, but It’ll be so much better with you there though.”
Cas smiled again. “Yes, Dean. Tonight was very enjoyable.”
She rolled her eyes, “No, guys, I think Alex is gonna ask me to dance. I need help: I don’t know how to dance.”
Dean wished it was enough, just someone that sounded interesting. He used to not even care if a person was interesting or not, he would take anyone to bed. “Yeah. I don’t know man, it just doesn’t feel like enough anymore, you know?”
His brother gave him a thoughtful, apologetic look before he nodded, “Okay. I won’t bother you about it again.” They set in silence for a few minutes and let the music from the jukebox wash over them before Jess moved under Sam’s arm and her eyes fluttered open.
His first thought was that Dean was meeting up with a girl and Cas smiled, that would totally get him kicked out. A small figure approached him. He had shaggy hair and Dean ruffled it before saying, “Jeez Sammy, you need to wash your hair.”
“I guess so,” Dean said with a smile and Claire ran to them and jumped in Dean’s arms. “Kid, you are getting too big to do that.”
Dean didn’t want to drag out the talking, but he was always down for food, and he knew Emma might talk if her guard was down. He glanced down at his daughter who shrugged. Dean took it as a yes. “Yeah, sure. I’ll follow you.”
It was almost the end of the first week when Cas feigned sleep and waited for Dean to sneak out. He waited a minute after the door closed and followed him out the door. The moon was full overhead, and Cas had no trouble following Dean’s figure through the trees and down to the beach at the lake. He waited at the tree line for a minute before he heard someone else crashing through the trees and undergrowth toward them.
Cas slid into Dean’s now familiar black car and smiled at the gunpowder and coffee smell. “What are you smiling at?” Dean asked.
Dean gave him a quizzical look and put a finger up before getting out of the car to open a gate. When he got back in, he put an arm around Cas’ shoulder. “You don’t remember last night?”
“You grew up here?”
Hannah pointed across the fire where Garth and Anna were talking animatedly. They laughed when Garth tripped over the air they walked through. “That kid has all the grace of a grizzly bear,” Dean said.
“Just about every game night,” Dean told him. “You get used to it.” He realized it sounded like an invitation for Castiel to stick around and get used to it, and he realized he wouldn’t mind if he did. Castiel looked at him puzzled and he tried to blow it off, “Most of the time, Sammy wins. I guess that’s what makes him such a good lawyer.”
“You’ve fucked all of the ranch hands, why would my brother be any different?"
“Dean, Kaia spent two years alone in an alternate universe fighting to survive by herself. Claire’s family, well you know Claire’s trauma. If anyone needs counseling, it’s them.”
Jo flipped to a page with what Cas assumed were bridesmaid dresses and groomsmen tuxes. “Dean has a best man, a groomsman, and a groomswoman. I have a best man, bridesman, and bridesmaid.”
Charlie groaned. “Why did I plan this for a night you had a night shift.”
When Dean opened the door for them, Jess smiled and half-heartedly protested, “You know I’m pregnant, not disabled.” Dean just laughed and gave them both hugs and patted the baby bump before walking to the Impala.
Dean’s hand flew to Cas’ door handle and he flung the door open. Dean froze to the spot and Cas’ head whipped around to look at him. “Cas. You. Do you really?”
“I understand the hesitation, Mr. Winchester. The principal would like to set down and have a meeting with you when you get here.”
“So everyone you turned down at the hospital?”
Dean punched him.
“Apparently not, babe.”
Dean and Benny followed Charlie into the examination room and waited to see if the girl would wait up. Meg walked past him and set up a telemetry monitor. Benny chuckled when Meg pointedly ignored Dean.
Castiel looked doubtful at that statement, and Dean reminded him to relax again. “Take your coat off, go talk to someone.”
Castiel smiled at his daughter and rested a hand on her shoulder. “I didn’t think it was.”
The report didn’t do anything but make it worse.The counselors took Dean’s phone away which made him grumpy and then confined him to the cabin so Cas couldn’t avoid being around him.
Benny shook his head, “If Bradbury wouldn’t go straight for Chris Pine, she wouldn’t go straight for this guy. No way he is hotter.”
Dean gave them hugs to and Dorothy moved to the kitchen to put the rest of the food away. Dean gave Castiel a smile and a wave, not quite sure what to say as a goodbye. He walked back to his bedroom while they all let themselves out and changed for bed. He came back out in boxer-briefs and an undershirt and stopped when he saw Castiel standing at the sink doing dishes.
He wasn’t sure why his dreams had a shirtless Dean coming out of the lake, moonlight shining off the water covering him.
“They’re cute.”
“No way, I’m way faster than you!”
Cas only rolled his eyes and kissed Dean.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Is he your only sibling?”
Dean turned on “You Shook Me All Night Long” by AC/DC. He laughed at Cas’ raised eyebrow and said, “Trust me, the music works.” The music grew louder, and Cas and Claire giggled as she started spinning Cas on her own.
Cas stopped short at that. He didn’t know anyone who drank. “Your father sent you away so he could drink?”
“This isn’t country!” Claire said.
Dean nodded, and Cas smiled, “Before I take you, can you do something for me?” Dean looked hopeful, and Cas said, “Tell me about Cas.”
“So we get married, so I get to keep part of the ranch?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Nothing. It’s your turn, ask someone.”
“So I’ve heard,” Cas said over his shoulder as he grabbed Dean a pair of pants and a button-down shirt. He helped Dean change, and they walked to the car, Dean holding on to Cas’ elbow.
Cas nodded, and Dean leaned in like he was telling a secret. “I would rather just run down to the courthouse and get this done than spent this much time and effort on a wedding. It’s not worth it.”
“No.”
That didn’t sound like Cas. He must have been more drunk than he thought. “And then we all just jumped in bed together?”
When they opened the door, the girls jumped apart. Dean walked in front of Emma, “You want to talk now or do you want to talk at home?”
Her phone pinged, and she took it out of her pocket. She smiled at Dean, “Why did Charlie just tell me I’ll get a new brother-in-law before the baby is born?”
“I see why you don’t need many flowers. It’s already so pretty here.”
“Castiel,” Charlie and Jess said together.
“Good. I’ll text Jo that I’ll be back later.”
Charlie caught one look at Dean’s gawking face and smiled like she won the lottery. “Dean, this is Castiel.”
It was a near whisper, and Cas let out a long breath. He wasn’t surprised that, even in his condition, Dean would do this part of life with Sam too. “Are you sure?”
Dean smiled and nodded, just becoming aware of the way Castiel’s foot moved against his, and his fingertips were close enough to touch if Dean stretched his hand. “That sounds great Cas.”
Cas started humming a tune, slow and sweet. “We didn’t get to finish our dance, sweetheart,” Dean told him.
“You didn’t have to bring me anything,” she said after she shut the door behind her and hugged him.
Dean resisted groaning out loud. Talks like this usually involved apologies and plans for reforms as though Dean could make Emma stop. He was not in the mood for discussing Emma’s life with a stranger.
It wasn’t just Dean coming to the store though. During Dean’s tux fitting, surrounded by the other men in the wedding party, Dean called Cas and begged him to come over to help him choose between a bowtie and a regular tie. He called again when Jo had a meeting come up right before they had the cake tasting appointment.
Jess already had the box open and mumbled around her first slice, “Nah, Charlie called him.”
Jo jumped up, “Okay, so, wedding still on, awesome.” She pointed to Sam, “I need you to go find Ash, Caleb, and Tracy. Have them meet me in my room to help me get ready. And distract my mom for as long as possible, but bring her to my room eventually.” She smiled and clapped her hands together, “I’m getting married!”
They sat on the couch in the living room and demolished the pizza, then laid back and watched an episode of Game of Thrones before Sam came home.
Dean held the pizza box out as on offering when she answered and she looked like she could have cried in gratitude. “Is Sammy here?” he asked as he toed off his shoes in the foyer.
Castiel’s hand rested over his. “Have you talked about this at all?” Dean shook his head and pulled his hand away to wipe the tears, trying to push the feelings back down. Castiel let him. “Did you ever think about marrying her?’
Dean considered letting it go, almost did, but maybe he wanted to talk about it more than he thought. Before he could stop himself he said, “I mean, you and Jess, Charlie and Dorothy, you guys are just so perfect, you know? You are happy and you are really in love, and maybe I just want a piece of what you guys have.”
“We are making them by hand.”
“Sounds good.” He gave her a smile and a kiss on the cheek before he went back downstairs to the rig.
Cas might have made an effort to talk to him if he showed any enthusiasm to speak.
Jo fell out of her bar stool before she gave in, but Cas had to hand it to her, she lasted longer than most people he knew.
Dorothy called from the kitchen that the food was ready and Dean saw a stack of real plates that Dean had honestly forgotten he had. Sam and Jess must have left them when they moved.
Henriksen frowned, “They wouldn’t talk, either of them.”
Cas took him to his office and laid out some of the plans before looking up at Dean. The guy looked at him like he was out of his depth and floundering in the deep zone.
“What do you mean, someone in my corner?”
“Cas!” Jo shouted when she saw him. “I was about to send Dean in to wake you up! We have pancakes.”
“Dean. I. What are you doing here?” Cas stood from the chair and moved in front of the laptop like he was trying to block the screen.
“I just care about you,” Sam said with his placating voice, like he was worried he would spook Dean and not get any type of answer out of him. “What about this
He passed the message on to Benny and Jo and sent texts to Sam and Jess. Benny refused to let him go back to the “sad, little apartment,” and made him stay for the gumbo.
“Yeah, we’re all busy, Dean,” Jo laughed. “But what’s the point of it all if we don’t have some fun while we’re here?”
Meg turned and said sarcastically, “Oh, sorry Dean-o, didn’t see you there.”
“Think so? I’m older!”
Cas gave him a full-on smile. “Dr. Bradbury insisted that I take the day off tomorrow. I could stay for another movie.”
“Abusive parents?” he asked, and Jess nodded in confirmation. He shook his head in disgust. Sam worked as a child advocacy attorney, and Charlie always called him in when she suspected abuse of one of her patients. They were a well-oiled machine now, ever since their first case together a few years ago. The girl was eight, half-starved, and had bruises up and down her torso when she came in and Sam put her parents away for child neglect and abuse.
Cas got to his feet, blush spread across his cheeks. He handed his paper to Dean.
“Oh, yeah. They dated for a while in college. And then Jo fell for a guy.” Charlie let out a sigh and shook her head. “They stayed friends, but I don’t think she ever forgave Jo for going back to the D.”
“Babe, don’t tell me that was your first time with more than one person!”
The three girls giggled, but Dean wasn’t sure why. He guessed he’d been on more dates recently, but he never slept with anyone he went out with. “Whatever you say, little brother.”
“They wanted sex, and I couldn’t give them what they wanted.”
“She’s eating for one and a quarter. The baby does not eat for an entire person. And they should definitely not be eating greasy pizza.”
“The one with the chicken and vegetables.”
“Me? Hate you? Dude, you got me turned in. I can’t even go see Sammy anymore.”
“Yeah. I don’t think Charlie would let us get out of it.” Jess said. “She even invited the new guy.”
Dean took a breath and put his arm around Emma’s shoulder. “You can tell me kiddo. I don’t know how to help you until I know what’s going on.”
“I’m sorry,” Jess told him.
He stopped in the doorway to the kitchen when he saw Dean. He stayed silent and watched Dean shuffle to the fridge, open the door, frown, and close it. Dean turned back to the counter and saw that he’d already pulled a plate from the cabinet, so he turned back to the fridge and opened the door again. Cas ran a hand through his hair, wondering how long Dean had been stuck in this loop.
“For Lydia? Thanks, but it wasn’t the same as your wife.”
“Right,” Dean said under his breath. He turned back to Charlie, “Good luck!” He walked back out of the room and almost considered going upstairs to say hi to Jess working in the NICU, but a call from Chief Singer came over his radio.
Charlie looked like she couldn’t stop herself when she said, “Let’s get real though, I do have a question. I don’t get a gay vibe from you, but I don’t get a straight vibe from you either. What’s your deal?”
“Yes he does!” Charlie protested. “I want to know it was worth organizing this to set you two up.”
Benny looked up at them like her was willing them to understand and finally just shook his head. “Thanks, brother, but I don’t want to bring everyone down. I’m just gonna head home.”
The same thing had happened on his last few dates, he had a great time, but when it came time to bring them up to his apartment or go to theirs, he just kissed them goodnight and told them he’d call. He never did.
Sam cut him off, “You’re saying you’re ready to settle down with someone?” He was surprised, but he looked happy at the possibility.
As they ate their meals, they talked about each other’s families. Castiel lost his wife a few years ago, and Emma and Claire met when they were both suffering through the loss of their mothers. It gave them something to connect over. That was about all the conversation the girls could sit through, and as soon as the girls finished their food, they asked for money to turn on the jukebox sitting in the corner.
Dean let out a huff of air, but found his way out of the conversation. “Fine, I guess you can point him out next time I’m there.” Charlie, Jess, and Jo all beamed like he made their day and Dorothy just looked mildly amused that the other girls made such a big deal out of it.
the meetings for her. Alfie started teasing him when Dean came by shouting “Your boyfriend’s here!” into the office at first sight of the man. He hoped nothing major was happening in the store when he locked the door to the office and mapped out every inch of Dean’s skin with his tongue.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “So you wouldn’t be uncomfortable with me kissing Benny?”
“Probably, but come on, humor me, man. What’s new in your life?”
Cas pulled a paper from under the desk and started taking notes. “Three bouquets and five boutonnieres. How about parents?”
“How big are you planning?”
Sam was still at the table, nursing the last of a beer with Jess asleep against his side. He had an arm slung around her shoulder, holding her close to his side. They looked so ridiculously happy together. He slid into the other side of the booth and took the last hot wing of the tray on the table and poured another beer. Sam gave him a questioning look, “Everything alright out there?”
Jess always had a way of seeing through him. “He’s cute.”
The house was dark and empty when he got home. Sam and Jess stopped by the apartment occasionally, but he had pretty much been the only person in the apartment in months. He peaked in the fridge only to find a lone takeout box of soft fries that he tossed in the trash. He set the coffee machine for the morning before heading to his bedroom.
“No,” Castiel told him, determination in his voice. “I’d rather continue our conversation.”
Dean’s breath tasted like stale beer, and he pulled back, settling his mouth on Dean’s neck.
Cas let out a breath and pulled his arm free. “Fine. Live a lie.” He pushed away from Dean and climbed out of the car.
Castiel nodded and peeled his jacket off like he was separating himself from his last defense. Jess and Jo practically jumped the guy when he started toward the kitchen. Charlie flounced over to Dean, “He’s cute, right?”
Dean rolled his eyes as he leaned back in the booth and took another drink of the beer. “Why does everyone care so much about my dating life?”
Castiel handed a bag to him and too a couple steps past the entryway. Dean held the bag up to inspect, trying not to make the situation as awkward as it had been the last time they met. There were premade veggie and fruit trays from the grocery store. Castiel tucked his head down like he was embarrassed, “I do know how to cook. I would have, but Dr. Bradbury only invited me during work today. I hope this is okay.”
“Oh, babe, you missed it. After I lost strip poker, you couldn’t keep your hands off me. And since Sammy and my cousins went to their rooms, I didn’t have any reason to say no. You, Ash, Benny, even Caleb—you all gave me lap dances.”
Cas rubbed the ring on his finger and gave Dean a flirtatious grin, “Really?”
He looked a little abashed and Dean made an attempt to put the awkwardness to their first meeting behind them. He put a hand on his shoulder and moved him closer inside the room. “You can call her Charlie, and you got to relax, dude. Have you met everyone?” Castiel looked around the room before his eyes caught on Benny and he shook his head. “That’s Benny, he worked on the rig with me and Jo. He’s pretty great, you’ll like him.”
Dean laughed. He was used to their banter, and he could name every single one of Jo’s crushes since they started working together. He always tried not to get involved, but usually, they pulled him into their conversation. “Dean,” Jo said, “You can testify. Guys holding babies are a hundred times hotter.”
The car was silent during the ride, and when they got to the small diner, the only words the group spoke were placing their orders. Dean gave Castiel a meaningful look, questioning who should start talking, but Castiel waved him off with a shake of his head. Dean didn’t want to feel like they were building tension, but he didn’t want to force Emma to talk. It was nice that they waited to discuss what happened because it gave him time to calm down and think about what he wanted to say.
Dean didn’t even blush when he shook his head. They fell silent for the drive back to down, but as they were getting closer to the bar, Cas asked, “Have you slept with any of them before?”
He was a few bites in when Castiel paused and asked, “Would either of you like to talk now?”
After the service, Cas brought Dean home and helped him to bed for a nap. This time, he laid beside Dean and gently stroked through the wispy-gray remains of Dean’s hair.
“Hello and welcome Castiel,” the same woman said. Dean didn’t want to intrude, but his curiosity got the better of him and he peeked through the open crack of Cas’ door. He sat at a desk with a zoom call open on his laptop in front of him. There were about 20 callers on the screen, and Dean made out Claire and Kaia sitting together in one of the squares. He gently backed up and continued walking to the laundry room, figuring if Cas wanted to tell him about something, he would.
Charlie texted him Saturday morning, his first weekend off in too long. “
Dean drove Jo and Benny to the bar where Charlie and Dorothy already had a table in the corner and were leaning forward talking to Jess. The Roadhouse was ran by Ellen, Jo’s mom, and it was everyone’s favorite bar. It was a small, underground type bar. Ellen ran the restaurant and Ash ran the bar. Benny and Jo went straight to the counter to order while Dean bee-lined his way to the corner.
Cas had a plan though. If could figure out where Dean snuck out to at night, or catch him with his phone, maybe he could get Dean in enough trouble to get him moved to a different cabin. It would make the rest of the month marginally better.
“Claire and Kaia are in counseling?”
“Because we’re boys?”
As they stepped inside, they heard a shriek and movement behind them. Cas turned, wondering if Charlie and Tracy already found the unused room. He was not expecting to see Jo straddling Sam’s naked body on the bed.
Claire gave Emma a pleading look as if she was begging her to come clean. Dean put as much sympathy and softness into his voice as he could and asked, “Em, you want to tell me what’s going on?”
“Oh,” Dean said. “Cas, it looks like you got someone in your corner.”
“Sitting on my bladder and kicking my ribs,” Jess said with a pout.
“You come back to collect me? I’m not ready to go yet.”
He held the phone to his chest and let out a shaky breath, still frustrated there was nothing he could do for the man he’d grown to love. Sam had been a brother to Cas, the one that pushed him and Dean together so many years ago, the one that pressed them to retire from hunting, the one who helped when Dean’s Alzheimer's set in until his own health problems started.
“She was great, don’t get me wrong, but Emma was the product of a drunken one-night stand after high school graduation. Instead of trying to make a relationship out of it, we split custody.”
Sam ordered a round of shots for them all, then another and another. Each round, another person dropped out and separated themselves from the group. Sam, Caleb, and Ash were the first to drop out, then the cousins, then Benny.
Cas knew this was coming, but he still felt a clinch in his chest. He held his emotions back and said, “Thank you, Abby, I’ll bring him over soon.”
“Okay,” Claire told them as the second song came to a close, “I think I got this one, what if they play something
”You knew about
Cas leaned back in his chair and listened to his husband talk about their lives, their love story. When Dean started to forget what happened next, Castiel took his hand and walked him to the bedroom for a nap. When Dean was tucked in, he cleaned up the kitchen and turned on one of Dean’s old CD’s, a Led Zeppelin one.
Dean looked up and moved a hair back into the peaks atop Cas’ head. It must have fallen out while they were kissing. “I just knew. I’m pretty good at that.”
“This is where I’d hide out as a kid. It’s kinda something you have to see for yourself.”
“Uh oh, Cas. Big brother code dictates you got to keep all the boys away from little sisters.”
Jo nodded and gave Cas business cards before leaving. Dean seemed to perk up when he realized they were going, and he shook Cas’ hand. It was a hard, firm handshake and Cas felt a little shiver run up his spine when Dean smiled at him. He waved as they walked out the door.
Damnit. “
“Cas,” Dean looked nervous, “I get if you’re still mad at me, but I still want you if you still want me. Jo’s obviously okay with us.”
Emma bit a lip and glanced at the other girl. It must be Claire. When she didn’t answer, Castiel jumped in. “Dean, perhaps we should talk to them together. I know a restaurant a few blocks away.”
“Hey there kiddo,” Dean said with a smile and Jess looked embarrassed that she fell asleep.
Dean thought for a moment before smiling. “I am kind of partial to boyfriend.”
Dean took a step closer. “Cas. Is it true? Do you… you know?”
“You’re cute.”
“I do not!”
“Mr. Winchester? It’s Abby from Grace Memorial.” Abby was Cas’ favorite of Sam’s nurses. She took care of Sam while he took care of Dean.
Kaia’s voice was low and quiet. “Hi, I’m Kaia. My favorite food is pizza.”
The wedding was beautiful. Dean pulling Cas into his bedroom by his tie halfway through the reception was even more beautiful.
“I guess we didn’t,” Cas said as he turned in Dean’s arms and wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck. He pressed his forehead against Dean’s and kept the tune going as they moved together in the moonlight.
Cas stuck out his hand. “You found me. You must be Jo and Dean.”
Cas answered with his lips crashing back into Dean’s. The first kiss was sweet, but this kiss… this kiss heated him up from the inside. He felt his dick give a twitch and he pulled back. He could do this, but there was no way he could do more.
“You’re a decent driver though. You know, I taught my husband how to drive? He was an angel, so he got a pass on not already knowing. You look like him.”
“Lasagna.”
“Sure, why not.” He wasn’t sure why there were butterflies in his stomach as he gave Alfie instructions and walked to Dean’s car. Dean was the last person he should have this feeling for.
“Too good of friends?” Castiel asked trying to understand.
“Sure, you and every other department in that place will fight you over him, “ Jess said. “Every doctor he’s worked with wants him.”
“You sap.”
“Dude. I don’t do chick flick moments. Read your Bible and mind your own business.”
“Sammy and Charlie think I should marry him,” Dean deadpanned to her.
Benny made a huge pot of chicken and andouille gumbo for everyone when nothing exciting happened during the last few hours of their shift. Dean texted Charlie at the end of the day to see if she wanted to get a drink.
Sam’s mouth twisted up in a corner and concern flicked across his face. “No, I don’t.”
Cas seemed to study his face for a moment then said in a softer voice, “I enjoy being here with you , Dean.” Dean felt the blush rise up from his chest and Cas continued, “I have realized I need to work on my communication skills. I want you to know I enjoy our time together.”
“Truth.”
He prayed that one day, he would be allowed back in Heaven, that one day, he and Dean would be reunited. Until then, he would serve out his punishment on Earth doing the only thing he could, the thing Dean taught him. He would hunt and wait to see his husband.
Sam shook his head like Dean didn’t answer the right question. “Nah, uh, how’s your dating life?”
Dean chose to ignore Dorothy, lean over and kiss Charlie’s cheek and tried to blow the whole discussion off. “What’s his name anyway?”
“How many bouquets and such?”
Dean and Castiel both forked over a couple of bucks, and when the girls left their table, Castiel turned to face Dean. “I’m sorry for your loss.”
Cas nodded as he opened the door and stepped out of the car. Dean followed him out of the car and pointed by the cliff edge. “I’ll put the arch here, and we’ll set up hay bales for seats facing the lake, so people have a good view.”
“What did Sam mean earlier? When he said you sounded like me.”
“That can’t be right,” Castiel said as Dean nodded with him. “Claire is a good kid. Did you get her side of the story?”
“And? You fucked Ash.”
The bachelor party was more exciting than Cas expected. He met most of the people already at the tux fitting, and Dean introduced him to a group of brunettes in flannels and cowboy boots. “This is Gwen, Mark, Christian, and Johnny—the cousins I’ve told you about.”
When the movie ended, Cas told Dean he really should go. They stood up and Dean walked him to the door. Cas hesitated for just a second when Dean pulled the door open and then embraced Dean in a hug. It was a full-force hug too and nearly knocked the breath out of him. Dean didn’t even remember the last time he had a hug like that, and he let go of the door to hug back. Neither of them moved in for a kiss, it was just an embrace, but it made Dean feel whole again. Like something had been missing from his life. The hug was the most intimate with another person Dean had been in too long to remember.
Cas felt a corner of his lips pull into a grin, “Is that so?”
They found their friends by the hot chocolate bar, and Dean gave Cas a drink before getting his own.
Dean leaned over Jess’ baby bump to kiss her cheek and slid into the booth beside her. “How’s the little rugrat today?” he asked, patting his hand on the bump.
A boy’s voice came from Cas’ computer talking about how he had to hide clothes from his parents and sister because they “just won’t understand” and he doesn’t want to “break their heart or cause an argument.” Dean wasn’t sure how clothes could hurt someone else, and he finally backed away from Cas’ door to leave him to the meeting.
“Dean, I know you’re gay.”
It was the second run to the hospital in the rig when he told Jo and Benny he was going to take a break and take breakfast up to Jess. He went to the cafeteria and bought two breakfast sandwiches, turning to head upstairs when a voice called his name from behind his back. Charlie waved to Dean from across the room and a dark-haired guy in nurse’s scrubs followed beside her.
Dean shook his head before calling out, “He’s teasing, Claire, of course, I can teach you how to dance.”
“I like Jo. I love Jo. You’re great Cas, but I’m not throwing my life away for you.”
He rolled his eyes and made a mental note to give Charlie hell next time he saw her. “She introduced me to Castiel, and apparently she saw sparks.”
Dean tried not to worry about that as he walked to the kitchen to start dinner, but the worries came anyway. Was Cas feeling uncomfortable quarintening in the bunker? He was only trying to keep Cas safe and healthy. With failing grace, he had no clue if Cas could catch corona, and Cas had seemed happy when Dean asked him to stay.
They went around the table a few more times before Sam and Dorothy started arguing about whether Trump or Putin was worse and they tried to divide up the table. Dean called quits a few minutes into the argument and started packing up the game. The arguments like this never ended well and they never returned to the game. When it was in the box, Dean grabbed empty plates to take to the kitchen and Castiel followed him.
“I apologize that I stopped you from seeing your brother.”
Dean smiled and showed the paper to the rest of the team. “The porn star, dude. Not the plant.” Dean told him.
“I do not have a gender, but I am happy in this male body. I guess you could call me agender or demimale if you would like. And I have no preference over the body of a person I find attractive. However, you are the only person I have been interested in having a relationship with. I believe I most closely identify with the term pansexual.”
“Really?” Emma smiled up at him like he just told her she won the lottery and sat up straighter.
“She’s my sister,” he said, hoping no one could see the blush on his cheeks. “No one wants to see their fifteen-year-old sister kissing their friend.”
Dean agreed, “Come have a drink with us. Forget about her.”
“Yes, you did.”
His voice. It was dark and gravelly and mixed with the bed head… Dean wouldn’t mind waking up next to that view every morning. He wasn’t sure where that thought came from, but he made his escape before he could do anything else to embarrass himself. “I gotta, uh,” he held up the food in his hands, “Jess.” Smooth Winchester.
“Shouldn’t I be asking you that?”
Dean huffed out a breath, “Her heart rate?” It had been over a month since he took Meg out for dinner and a movie. She wanted him to go up to her apartment, and when Dean turned her down, she got pretty upset. She’d done her best to avoid him since then.
“You gonna wake me up then?”
“I’m not—”
“It’s not what you think,” Jess said, “he’s clean cut and shaved.”
She smiled sadly and nodded as if he gave her a confirmation. “Dean,” she took a few steps closer until she could have touched him, “are you okay? We didn’t move out too fast after the wedding, did we?”
A little smile pooled at the corner of Cas’ mouth and Dean rubbed a thumb across the back of Cas’ hand.
“Ugh, nevermind” Claire rolled her eyes and turned back to the stairs.
“You guys talking about the new guy?” Jo asked and Dean groaned.
“You’re kidding me.”
A voice Dean didn’t recognize said, “Welcome Claire and Kaia. Who would like to go next?”
“Yeah, you too,” Cas told him in a soft voice.
It clicked then, the way Emma and Claire were so close, the way they smiled at each other like the other one hung the moon, the way Henriksen said they were inseparable like it was a problem they needed to solve. Claire and Emma were dating.
“Got Crossed Buns? He makes… adult sweets.”
When they made it back to the cabin, Dean put everyone in a circle on the floor and looked at Benny. “Truth or dare?”
“Wow. Where is the rest of your family?”
There was a moment of silence before Cas said, “I will. My name is Castiel and my favorite food is hamburgers.”
“Whatever loser. Bet I can swim across the lake faster than you can.”
“And Jo still doesn’t know.” He didn’t say it as a question. “Dean, are you really gonna get married without telling her the truth?”
They did a few circles as Cas leaned against the counter watching them. Claire seemed to pick it up fast, so Dean made her get off his feet and do it like a “real dance.”
Dean didn’t get far into their story before Cas turned off the car and helped Dean out of the front seat.
Cas winked at Dean as he downed another one and Dean backed out, more content to watch Jo and Cas battle.
“Yeah, I’m taking Benny home, he’s not doing too well.”
He wanted to tell Charlie that she needed to do something about the dark circles under her eyes, but the nurse looked up at him and Dean lost his train of thought. Everyone was right; the new guy was hot. He was gorgeous. His hair was ruffled like he just crawled out of bed and had a pencil stuck behind one ear. The v-neck in his scrubs was just enough to show the tan skin on his chest and the medal in the stethoscope matched the necklace around his neck. The blue scrubs matched his baby blue eyes.
“I knew about Claire. She told me she was interested in girls almost a year ago now. I didn’t know about Emma though. I guess she was trying to keep her confidence.”
he’d never been this nervous before when he met someone. He was full-on twitterpated and there were butterflies in his stomach.
“You guys dance?” A soft voice asked from behind them, and Cas looked over Dean’s shoulder to see on the bottom step watching them.
Jo slid into the stool next to him and hugged him. “I feel like I haven’t seen you in forever! God, I just have to thank you for taking such good care of Dean. He can’t stop talking about how handy you are.”
“I can take you back if you want. But you’d be missing out on the best thing about this place.”
He lost track of time, and before he knew it, Dean turned over and faced Cas. He opened his eyes and met Cas’ gaze. “I’m ready now.”
“No, Dean. I have to get the flowers ready for your
“50 at the most. Probably less.”
“Yeah, all of them.”
Dean didn’t answer, just stood up and stripped off his shirt and shorts, running to the lake in his boxers. Sammy was only a step behind him.
The unknown woman said, “Claire, please remember this is a place of respect and support. Now, Castiel, this roommate of yours, Dean. He is the one you have feelings for, correct?” There was no audible answer, but the woman continued, “This is a difficult time to express feelings for someone you have known for so long. If he does not return the sentiment, it could lead to great discomfort for both of you. One or both of you may want to leave the safety of your home. You should weigh the discomfort you have with hiding your feelings with the discomfort you might have if it does not go well.”
Cas shrugged and slid across the bench seat to snuggle against Dean’s side. “What’s the deal with Ash?”
He settled on a chair between Ash and Tracy. Charlie leaned over from Tracy’s lap and handed Cas a plate with pancakes, sausage, eggs, and hashbrowns. “I’m never gonna finish all this,” Cas told her.
“Yeah, but I also know that Sam’s got you on the rabbit food diet, and I know how much you like real food.”
Dean reached a lazy arm down and groped at Cas’ morning wood, slowly jerking him. Cas bit down on Dean’s shoulder and reached a hand up to Dean’s hair, pulling his head back. They stroked each other until Dean closed his fingers tightly around the base of each of their dicks.
“Please don’t tell me she is trying to set us up.”
“You wanna dance with me kiddo?” Dean asked him, and Jack nodded. Dean balanced him on his feet and started with a box step in time with the music. Jack rolled his head around in laughter and hung loosely from Dean’s arms. Finally, Dean just picked him up and put him on his hip while he held out his hand to his son. Dean walked him the length of the kitchen in a mock tango style and pretended he had a flower in his mouth which both the kids laughed at.
“Oh, I didn’t know there was an actress with that name.”
“You’re cuter.”
Cas looked up, “Shake your hips a little, think Jamaican.”
Jess rolled her eyes. Charlie was the Chief of Pediatrics and Flagstaff was Jess’ boss in the NICU. Charlie took a protective role over Jess when she started last year, and had become almost motherly since Jess got pregnant. “Guys, the third trimester is usually the best for morning sickness, plus I’m down to two shifts a week. Plus,” he added to Charlie, “your cute new almost-RN sat with me the entire time.”
“It’s nice to meet you.”
Dean sighed, “Another one? I don’t know what picking her up will do, it didn’t work the last few times.”
Cas tried not to look uncomfortable and took another drink. Charlie smiled at his blush and winked at him. “I guess I’ll have to go comfort her,” she said, sliding off her chair and walking across the bar. The next time Cas saw Charlie, she had Tracy pinned against the wall, one hand up the bottom of her dress.
“I’ll just throw mine.”
“Yeah, sure, that one’s great.”
After that song, Dean just put his music on shuffle, and they all took turns dancing with each other. Claire tried to practice with her brother, but he just jumped in circles while she held his hands.  They danced until Dean looked at the clock and realized it was way past the kids’ bedtimes. They left the dishes in the sink and each tucked a kid into bed, Claire insisting she was too old for Dean to do it, but Dean knew she secretly loved it.
“How are you doing?” Sam’s question was so sincere sounding and Dean raised his eyes with a questioning look on his face.
“I need to finish the flowers for the ceremony tomorrow.” Ash nodded, and Cas watched his hand come closer. Cas stood, “You know, I should probably get down their sooner rather than later.”
“You like it.”
Cas sighed. He shouldn’t be here. He shouldn’t want to set there. “Dean.” His voice sounded lower than he expected, almost a growl escaping from his throat and Dean raised an eyebrow.
.” On the last word, her face fell into a sneer, and Dean huffed out a laugh.
Dean cut her off with a cough, and Benny laughed at them, “Sounds like you have a little crush, Bon ami.”
Cas felt himself pale, and he rubbed a hand through his hair. “Well, I’m not sure about that.”
Another voice sent out an admonishing “Claire!” and Dean double checked the screen. Was that Jody?
Dean reached over and grabbed Cas’ wrist. “You don’t understand. I have a great girl, a great family, I’m even a freaking cowboy. Life is
“I have some of her finest work if you want to watch!” Charlie chirped up happily, and Castiel blushed a dark crimson.
He turned and set the bags on the counter and when turned back, Charlie and Dorothy had left a harrowed looking Castiel in the doorway. “You can quit lurking,” Dean told him with a smile.
“Andrea,” she said and the table let out a collective groan. Benny and Andrea were always breaking up and getting back together. He always insisted that they loved each other, but Dean just figured he was too nice to let her go for real.
Charlie leaned over and kissed her. “Same.”
When Cas made it back to the shop, he promised himself it would never happen again. All he had to do was avoid Dean.
Cas sat up on his knees to get a better angle and let go of Dean’s hand to wrap around his back, the other hand reaching for Dean’s jaw.
“Don’t do me any favors.”
Dean sighed. He never wanted to talk about his love life, and especially not with his brother. Sam was married with a baby on the way. He wouldn’t understand Dean’s feelings. Dean didn’t even understand his own feelings. It was like his previous sexual appetite had disappeared and now he had to convince himself he could make it through dates.
He blinked. “You’re leaving?”
“Yes, he really gave us some great advice about a case at work.”
Dean smiled and tried to act polite, waiting for the moment he could take Emma out of the school. “I hope she wasn’t hurt. Emma has a wicked right hook.”
“The spectrum? Like autism?”
Dean smiled and leaned forward, pulling Cas into a kiss.
“You?” He asked and Sam nodded. Dean reached out to grab one of Jess’ arms and the three of them walked to the door, waving goodbye to Ellen as they left.
The answer surprised Cas. That was not what their parents taught them. “That’s what Charlie says anyway.” Cas saw the blush on Hannah’s cheeks and the smile on her lips before she looked down at her shoes.
“Babe, I got to get to the hospital soon too.”
He jumped into him impala, engine roaring to life under him. Emma was waiting outside the office with a split lip and surly attitude. Dean patted her shoulder as he walked into the office and Mrs. Rosen escorted him to the principal's office. Mr. Henrikson was a stern, tough-looking man and Dean knew from their interactions that he saw the world in black and white. There was no way he would let Emma off.
“I wasn’t sure you two would make it out of that cabin tonight,” Benny joked.
Cas finally relented at Dean’s smirk. They grabbed their friends and siblings and took them through the woods back to their cabin. Dean and Benny kept trying to scare the twins on the walk, jumping out from behind trees at them, and Cas got between them and pulled his arms through theirs. “Dean,” he said in an even voice, “stop trying to scare my sisters.”
“That’s a thing?” Dean asked and watched Castiel give a small nod. It sounded like heaven not to have every date build up to an expectation of sex. It sounded so unlike everything he’d heard about relationships. He thought back to all the times he thought there was something wrong with him for not wanting it, but this, apparently, was a thing.
Claire turned back toward them with a light in her eyes, “Really?”
“I assume they are still back on the farm. We don’t keep in contact.”
The next time Cas woke up, Ash’s arm was around his waist, and Ash and Dean were both asleep. He took in his surroundings before moving. Girl’s giggles were coming from the doorway, and he heard camera clicks before the door shut. He was asleep before the could process it.
“How long have you two—You know?”
Henriksen cleared his throat. “Gentlemen, your daughters were not fighting each other. It seems they have teamed up to terrorize other students at the school.”
Cas glared at him, “Dean, truth or dare?”
The next morning, Cas went to the store early to load the flowers in the van. Aflie told him he was acting like a grumpy old man, and that he should look a little happier for a wedding. Cas just glared at him.
His chance came two days later when they watched a shorter movie that ended a few hours before they usually went to bed. Sam had turned down their invitation to watch in favor of a zoom call with Eileen, and Jack had fallen asleep ten minutes into the movie.
Cas turned a hurried look to the screen in front of him where Dean could make out the group looking at him. He looked back at Dean. “Kiss him!” Claire yelled.
Dean smiled and pulled his phone out, sliding it across the table. After they exchanged numbers, they watched the girls dancing in the corner, laughing at how happy they seemed. And when Castiel’s fingers brushed up against his, Dean didn’t pull away.
Cas thought for a moment before nodding. They walked through the trees hand-in-hand until they made it to the clearing and Dean gave Cas a quick peck on the cheek before dropping his hand.
Anna did have a point. It was the first time in years he had time away from his parents. It was the only break he got from the strict, religious life they lived.
Cas gave him a patient smile. The years hadn't been kind to his husband. Dean’s hair had turned gray, his car stopped running years ago, and the Alzheimer's made Dean forget and confuse things. A couple of years ago, Dean started thinking Cas was Death coming to collect him. He always played along.
“You’ve never watched porn before,” Dean said more to himself than to the other man, but Castiel shook his head anyway as Dean walked to him. “He’s spanking her. Some people are turned on by it.”
Sam might have questioned him, but they were all familiar with Benny’s situation and they learned not to ask questions any more. Dean just hoped that this time, the break-up would be final. Sam watched him take a drink before asking, “And you?”
“Dare.”
Dean stammered out a hello and Castiel tilted his head sideways like he didn’t quite understand. Maybe Castiel thought he was crazy. Maybe he was. Castiel’s eyes narrowed just a little, enough to make Dean to feel like he was getting judged, and
, although Cas was confused why they would start with Episode IV rather than Episode I, and Dean figured out ten minutes into his rant that Cas didn’t actually care.
Dean didn’t bother to answer. He didn’t need to. The girl last night was cute, and dinner had been good. There was no harm in letting everyone think he’d gone home with her.
Dean’s eyes widened, “Don’t go putting your holy roller bullshit on me. I shouldn’t have said anything.”
Dean glanced over at the movement and told his cousins he would go outside. Cas sat his plate down and thanked Jo for the food, but that he should finish everything at the store. Most of the people at the table didn’t seem to care if he left, but Charlie hugged him and promised they would catch up at the reception.
“Pictures?” Cas pulled out his phone to show Dean. “Cute family. Which one of the moms is your sister?”
The siren on the ambulance was loud enough that they had to raise their voices, and Jo spoke up from the front seat, “She was cute! You gotta ask her out again!”
“Can I look at your ideas?” Cas asked pointing at the book.
your first time?”
Castiel tilted his head to the side, and Dean smiled at how cute that was. “You were not close?”
“My deal?”
“Nope. I caught you cheating on me with Aaron Bass, so I slept with Sam.”
“Uh, I mean, I don’t have to work tomorrow, I don’t know about you, but I can stay up late tonight.”
“Do you want me to get him for you?” Cas asked quietly, and Dean’s head shot up.
Dean could quote every line of the movie, so instead of watching it, he watched Cas watch it. They moved closer during the film, their hands bridging the distance until their fingertips touched. Dean glanced back to the movie when Cas didn’t pull away, and after a minute, he turned his hand over to fit into Cas’.
“Shut it, Winchester,” Charlie told him. “Just try and talk to him tonight.”
Dean had never been in the diner Castiel before, but he wished he’d known about it sooner. When the hamburger came out, it was piled high and was surrounded by a sea of steak fries. Dean’s mouth watered and the delicious smell emanating from the food.
“I can’t believe you two are the health professionals here. You both eat like crap.”
Cas wanted to be frustrated by that, but Dean’s lips were on his again, and the hand slipped from his back to his front, and Dean groped his already half-hard dick.
Castiel glared at him for a minute like he was questioning debating Dean about it, but he finally wiped his hands on the dish towel under the sink and moved out of the way.
Emma looked down at her food, steadfast and stubborn like her dad, and Claire gave her a sad look before saying quietly, “It wasn’t our fault.”
Jo wrapper an arm around his shoulders while sneering, “That’s disgusting.”
He gave his best Blue Steel to the other side of the table. “Bite me. Three months till I’m an uncle.” He smiled to himself at the thought of a baby that would cuddle up on his chest or in his arms.
Or at least, he was afraid to leave the cabin for fear of Dean’s retaliation.
Even Dean couldn’t stay quiet for that one and he wrinkled his nose. “That is disgusting. I’ve never wanted to do that.”
“There are worse reasons to get married.”
Cas didn’t remember the drive out or going to bed. He was surprised in the morning when he woke up sandwiched between Dean and Ash, all three of them naked. He tried to get out from under Dean’s arm in an attempt to make it to the bathroom, but Dean pulled him closer, kissing his hairline and forehead before finding his lips.
“Did she cheat on him again?” Dorothy asked.
Cas was nervous about how the situation would work out between them, but with Dean lavishing him with kisses, saying sweet nothings in his ears, peppering him with admiration, he couldn’t find it in himself to worry.
Jess let out a moan into the phone and Dean chuckled, “Are you home?”
Relaxing a little, Castiel leaned closer to Dean. “No, the ace spectrum. Like I am asexual, but I enjoy romance with people.”
The fridge was still empty, and the only thing in the freezer was a few bags of frozen vegetables that Sam and Jess must have left. He got in his car and picked up a pizza from the place on the corner. At least pizza box would fill up his fridge if he didn’t finish it off.
Dean pushed him back playfully, “Get your mind out of the gutter, dude.”
Jo nodded. “June wedding. We have a beautiful little mountain valley out on Dean’s family ranch. He’s building an arch for the ceremony.” She smiled up affectionately at Dean.
They stared into each other’s eyes for a solid minute before someone cleared their throat. Cas thought it might be Sam.
Dean gave a smile back and waved his hand in a way that told Cas it was okay to make the sandwich. Cas hummed to himself as he pulled out the ingredients, an old AC/DC song that Dean taught him years ago. He smiled when he heard Dean hum too.
Dean’s finger lingered over the remote’s power button and he asked, “Do you want to keep watching it?”
Cas couldn’t stop the chuckle bubbling out of him. This meeting was not supposed to make him like Dean even more. He leaned back in his chair and studied the freckles on Dean’s cheeks. He didn’t look away when Dean caught his eyes.
This time, they didn’t bother with personal space, and they sat pressed together on the couch, Dean’s arm around Cas’ shoulder. When Cas fell asleep on his shoulder, Dean smiled, happy for once at the physical presence of the man against his side. He didn’t last much longer, and before he knew it, he woke up laying on the couch with Castiel pressed against his back and the TV on the home screen.
“Okay,” Cas told Claire, “You are leading this one.”
Charlie looked like she had a revelation, though. “Oh, Dean, you have to meet him! He is dreamy. I can’t wait until he graduates and I can snatch him up for peds.”
Dean winked at him, “I guess we’ll find out, huh?”
He fell back on the bed and reached for the flask on the bedside table. He set the alarm for 5:00 AM, and took a few drinks of the whiskey, willing himself to go to sleep.
Dean glanced to the bar and saw Ash pouring from a tap. “Where’s Benny?”
Cas raised an eyebrow in surprise and one end of his lips curled into a little smile. “Are you sure?”
Cas watched them walk through the store, admiring the flowers on the way to the front counter. She gave him a bubbly smile and sat a binder on the counter. It was white with lace, like an old-timey wedding book. “I have a meeting with Castiel,” she said with a question in her voice.
Dean lowered his eyes first and looked at Cas’ hand. Cas followed his eyes down and watched Dean’s hand scoot closer until their fingers touched. Cas was too shocked to move away. “I think you know,” Dean said in a quiet voice.
He missed having people in the apartment. He missed living with Sam and Jess. He missed having food in the fridge and people to watch movies with. Now Sam and Jess both had great jobs, a baby on the way, and he didn’t blame them moving out months ago. It made sense that they had a white-picket fence to go with their apple-pie life. He just missed having someone around.
“Cas, truth or dare?”
Dean smiled at the way Jess blamed the baby, and he said, “I’ll head out with you, I have an early morning.”
“What is?”
“You should set him up with Dean,” Sam winked at his brother, “he can get into anyone’s pants.”
“What truth?”
“Hey, Brother,” Benny asked, “when are you gonna see that girl again?”
They guessed through Sam’s Harry Potter, and Dorothy’s scarecrow before Castiel walked to the front of them. He made a confused face and then looked around the room like a rabbit caught in a trap. “Hey, buddy you okay?”
“We’ll talk to them,” Dean promised as he stood. Castiel nodded in agreement.
“Yeah,” Dean smiled. “Do you want to go back to the fire?”
She finally nodded, “I guess the little one needs some sleep.”
They nodded, and she shook her head. “Babe,” she said looking at Charlie, “if you ever cheat on me I will kill you.”
Dean, apparently, did understand. He looked at Cas with a grin and asked, “Well, sweetheart, what do you think? Should we teach our daughter how to dance?”
“No I have lots of siblings, but I have a sister I’m close to as well, Anna. She’s a dancer.”
He filled out paperwork on the way back to the firehouse. “Did either of you meet the new nurse in peds?” Jo asked. “He stayed out here and talked to me and,
“Benny,” Jo told him, “Everyone is a little gay. You can’t honestly tell me you never looked at a guy and kinda wanted to lick his face.”
He took a breath when he realized everyone at the table was waiting for his response. He squeezed Emma's shoulder a little. “Sounds like he deserved a good punch to the face.”
“Just picked up a pizza.”
“Maybe I’ll just stare at you like you do to me.”
“You.”
They went a few rounds before the dares changed from licking the floor to licking someone’s ear to kissing. Dean and Anna had the first kiss. Cas wasn’t sure why his stomach felt like it was tied in knots. He looked away, picked mud off his shoe, and when he looked back up, Dean was grinning at him.
“With a ton of cousins, yeah. Went hunting in these woods, built a treehouse here. This is home.” He drove past the house and turned around the hill. The view was breathtaking.
Jo sat a tray of hot wings and another of potato skins on the edge of the table. Dean reached for a potato and ate it whole, ignoring the burn from the hot grease.
Dean stood there having a silent freak out over what Cas and the women meant by feelings. The longer they talked, the less it sounded like they were talking about friendship feelings and the more it sounded like they were talking about romantic feelings.
“Do you want to watch an actual movie with me now?” Dean glanced at the black screen of the TV.
for me. Don’t think that I’d give that up for baby blues and a good fuck.”
“Wait, uh…” Cas struggled for breath. He pulled Dean back in, soft and sweet and gave him a peck, telling him without words to keep in slow. Dean nodded against his mouth. Their hands intertwined again, and Dean sat back on his heels, putting their hands between them. Dean’s fingertips traced soft patterns against Cas’ palms. “How did you know?” Cas asked.
Henriksen nodded. “According to the teachers, your daughters are inseparable. They fight with many of the other students and make classroom learning nearly impossible.”
“Dean, you’re gay.”
Cas shook his head and walked over to set on the hood. Dean laid back, head on the window and looked up at the sky. Cas laid down next to him.
“No, but feel the beat, you can do the same dance steps,” Dean told her.
Jo and Dean both looked over at Sam and Cas as if they needed reminding that they were still in the room. “Is that a deal-breaker?”
He snuck through the hallway until he was outside Cas’ room and listened to the unknown woman ask how everyone was doing. Cas started talking right away. “I tried to talk to my roommate, and let him know that I was happy to be spending more time with him. I was hoping I could tell him how I felt, that he has been my beacon of light while it feels like this whole world is falling apart. He just seemed to reject it when I started to make it personal.”
Cas sighed and looked at Dean. He seemed earnest and apologetic. Cas hated seeing that look on his face. “I’m really just a good fuck for you?”
Cas heard the rustling around them, felt someone ruffle his hair on the way. Probably Hannah. Then the door shut and Cas was afraid to move his eyes away from Dean’s hand on top of his.
“You good to drive?” Sam asked and Dean nodded.
“Mr. Winchester? This is Mrs. Rosen from Emma’s school. She was in a fight today, and we need you to pick her up.”
Charlie and Dorothy arrived a little while later, each carrying a six-pack and Castiel trailed behind them, unsure about following them in without being invited to. The man looked just as good out of scrubs as he did in them. Dean wasn’t sure if he should try talking to him again, but Charlie called him over to take the bags of food she and Dorothy were carrying.
“What are you doing the rest of the day?” Ash asked him.
Dean squirmed in his seat as he answered, “Sure man, you know how it is. Sometimes you like one thing and sometimes you want something different.”
Hannah spoke up first. “God said to love our neighbours like ourselves. It shouldn’t matter that you’re boys.”
“Careful handmaiden, Charlie said, “your teddy bear side is showing.”
Dean turned the car to head to the suburb on the northside of town where Sam and Jess had moved. “I’ll see you in a minute.”
Dean smiled a nodded. “Look, I’m sure this is all great, and I bet you put a ton of work into getting this stuff ready, but I have no idea about any of this. If Jo wanted it her way, she wouldn’t have put me in charge of this. Why don’t you just do what you think will look good and keep it in the smallest budget you can?”
Cas pulled into the hospital parking lot, “Tell me about him, Dean.”
“We can’t leave any—” Dean started, and Cas nodded, diving under the covers to suck Dean off. He swallowed Dean down and then Dean returned the favor, swallowing all of Cas’ evidence.
It felt like an eternity before Cas nodded. “I tried to tell you before, but it was never the right time, and I know you don’t feel the same way and we’ve gone so long without talking about it, and I never wanted you to hate me and obviously I don’t expect you to feel the same way, but you are the most amazing person I know I you have taught me how to live and what to live for, and it’s you, I live for you, and-”
“Sweetheart,” Dean looked to Cas, “put on some music for us.”
“Sam was having trouble swallowing this morning, so he is on an IV, and he is having a difficult time remaining conscious for more than an hour or two. Mr. Winchester, I would suggest bringing Dean over today or tomorrow to say his goodbyes, I don’t think Sam has much longer.”
Dean went tense under his touch as Jo and Sam scrambled off the bed. Sam grabbed a pillow to cover himself and Jo wrapped herself in a sheet.
Dean and his friends moved to the bar beside them, and Cas heard them brag about who could drink the most. Dean caught his eye and winked from behind Jo’s back.
The seconds ticked down and Charlie finally said, “Time up.”
When they were undressing in their room, Dean stopped and watched Cas. He had just taken off his pants, and Dean couldn’t believe how lucky he was to have this man in his life. He slipped behind his husband and wrapped his arms around Cas’ stomach, gently swaying as he kissed Cas on his neck.
“Centerpieces?”
Shit, he did hear. Dean turned in the seat to face Castiel and the man looked at him earnestly. “I just,  uh…” he trailed off and tried to collect his thoughts before continuing. “I guess I just think that sex should be more. I just can’t do it if there isn’t some stronger connection.”
“A dead guy?” Dean asked.
She gave him a dubious look but gave in. “We’ll swing by tonight? Bring over dinner?”
Jo and Cas jumped between the brothers, forcing them apart, and Jo started yelling at Dean. “That’s rich, coming from you. I’m supposed to look the other way when you fuck guys, but you can’t handle it when I fuck someone else.”
.” The words mocked him. He glanced back up at Dean. Dean rubbed the charm on his necklace, and Cas wondered if reminded him of his brother. Cas wondered what he would do if someone stopped him from seeing his sisters.
“Charlie, why did you bring him?”
Well, Dean needed him, but it wasn’t like he could just say that.
“I’m glad it helped.” Dean glanced back at him and caught his eyes again. Castiel had a way of looking at Dean like he was looking into Dean’s soul, not just his eyes. It made Dean feel happy in a way he hadn’t felt in a long time, and he stared right back.
The alarm went off too early in the morning. Dean grabbed his phone, realizing he forgot to plug it in, and cursed himself. He turned on the radio loud enough to hear it in the shower and washed quickly, then changed into his work uniform, grabbing his coffee on the way out the door.
“What is that supposed to mean?”
Castiel sounded almost clinical when he asked, “Are you turned on by it?”
“Really. I hate jerks like that.”
Dean could have left the cabin. He could have turned off the music. He could have done anything but grin wildly at Cas’ glares.
He led Dean to the kitchen table, supporting his arm so he wouldn’t slip. He pulled a chair out and helped Dean set, then sat in the chair next to him, halfway turned to watch him eat. Dean was a couple of bites in when he looked up at Cas. He sat the sandwich down on the plate and said, “You know, you look like my husband?”
Cas pulled out his phone and pulled up “Gravity” by John Mayer. Dean told her to feel the music, to move to the beat, and by the end of the song she was getting it. He put on “You and Me” by Lifehouse next to give her extra practice.
“I don’t know what that means.”
“I didn’t mean it the way I said it.”
Ash withdrew his hand from the table and looked away, “Cool man, you do you.”
“Right, of course. People are turned on by some interesting things.”
Ellen brought over a pitcher of IPA with glasses and a ginger ale for Jess. Dorothy gave her a questioning look, “Still not feeling well?” As the Chief of Trauma, Dorothy always worried about the immediate symptoms in medicine.
“He’s in my department last, so I can tell him to pick me,” Charlie said with a smile and Dorothy shook her head and pulled her wife a little closer.
“What about me?” Dean asked without looking up from the table.
Anna smiled, “Actually, Charlie is in our camp, the cabin next to us.”
“She left me,” Benny said. “She said my brother is a better
Castiel smiled politely, “She will be fine.”
Cas wanted to say yes. He could recite the bible passages that talked about homosexuality by memory. He remembered looking them up the first morning after he had a dream about Dean.
“Good night, Cas.”
“Yes, you are.”
He looked at the clock. It was only ten. He sighed and made a pot of coffee to get him through the day. He never kept the apartment a mess, but it was mostly because he was never there. He ran a broom over the hardwood, hid the alcohol in his nightstand, made his bed for the first time in weeks, and did a load of laundry. It was almost one before his stomach grumbled and he realized he’d only had two cups of coffee.
Cas gave Dean his warmest smile at the well-worn phrase, “I guess I can wait a little while. Would you like to go see Sam while we wait for your time?”
Castiel shook his head, “No, I’m not sex averse, I’m just not sexually attracted to people. It’s interesting to watch this.”
“That’s different.”
“I’m giving them a two-day suspension each, but if things don’t turn around soon, I will have to take more drastic measures.”
Cas watched, but only long enough to make sure Dean wasn’t gonna do anything worth reporting. They swam around the lake and then had a big splash fight. Cas went back to the cabin to try and get sleep before the bell rang in the morning.
Castiel looked uncomfortable, but spoke up anyway. “It’s okay. I usually don’t explain because a lot of people are confused about me, but I don’t mind explaining.” He took a drink of the bottle of coke in front of him before continuing, “I have had boyfriends and girlfriends in the past, I just don’t enjoy physical intimacy unless I know them very well and already have a strong romantic connection.”
“You tried talking to Dean about feelings?” Claire asked while snorting laughter.
“Dean, I greatly enjoy being here with all of you.”
Dean was surprised by the news, and judging by Castiel’s intake of breath, he was too. Emma never really made friends. “Together?” Dean asked just as Castiel asked, “Terrorize?”
“Good night, Dean.”
Sam smiled, “Yeah, he does. Jess can’t stop saying enough good things about him.”
“No, we came separately. They mentioned they hated leaving you with all the dishes when they left, so I figured I would stay and finish them.”
He ignored Dean’s calls and texts the rest of the day and focused on the flowers. He arranged the bouquets and attached the boutonnieres on pins. He checked his phone before bed and read all the texts and listened to all the messages from Dean. He wanted to give and call Dean, let him apologize even more, but instead, he set his alarm and hell asleep.
“Oh yeah, big guy? Let’s see.”
“The one with the meat?”
Castiel’s eyebrows shot up in surprise, but then he smiled. “Emma is lucky to have someone that understands her.”
“You do too!”
“So, Cas.” After Dean held his gaze for a minute, one side of his lips lifted into a smile. “Tell me about yourself.”
Charlie pierced her lips together, forehead wrinkling in thought. “But he turned down Eddie from nephrology. And Marcus from psych. God, he even turned down Marty from medical.” She looked at her wife in question. “Do you know?”
Jess gave him a wary look before she answered. “And what did you see?”
Cas wondered if she guessed at their affair, but two drinks in, long after Dean disappeared into the crowd, Charlie scooted over to the stool next to him. “Don’t worry about her,” she told him. “Tracy’s just jealous. She never really got over Jo.”
Charlie waited until everyone had a plate full of food before she pulled out Cards Against Humanity and set it up at the coffee table. “How does this game work?” Castiel asked from behind Dean’s shoulder and Dean turned to give him a questioning look.
“Yeah, come here kiddo,” Dean waved her over and told her to stand on his feet. He bent down slightly so her hand could reach his shoulder and held her other hand. “Okay,” he said moving his feet in a circle, “this is the basic box step. You can use it for the waltz and the foxtrot and the rumba.”
On the ride, Dean said, “It’s not every day Death drives you around.”
She opened up her sandwich and looked like she was ready to cry at the sausage and bacon. “My shake this morning had so many vitamins, but it looked worse than the poop I wipe off these babies’ butts.”
“A corsage and a boutonniere.”
“Hello?” He said into the mouthpiece.
“It is interesting seeing what people are attracted to,” Castiel said from beside him. “It’s almost like an anthropological study, watching this.”
Dean looked up and Bobby, and he nodded, “Just finish up later.”
Cas looked at him surprised, “Why?”
“How did it go?” Dean asked him. Sam grabbed a couple of beers from the fridge and brought one to him, shaking his head.
“Maybe something hanging from the top, but we are just wrapping it in lights,” Jo said. She didn’t seem to notice that she lost Dean’s attention.
Emma hugged Dean and gave Claire a blinding smile that the other girl returned. Dean didn’t miss their fingers scooting across the table toward each other.
“You’re having the wedding here?” The sun was just setting, and it cast a golden glow on the lake in the valley below them. “This is so beautiful.”
“You knew about that?”
“Like a swing dance?” Dean asked, and Claire nodded. “Your Papa is gonna have to do that one. I only know how to swing him around.” Dean winked at his husband, and they switched places.
It made sense to Dean. He’d practically described the same thing to Sam at the bar. Sam turned to him with a knowing look and said, “Sounds like someone else I know,” under his breath. Dean swallowed hard and tried to decide if he wanted Castiel to have heard that or not.
The girl’s seizure finally stopped. Twenty-five minutes. “I’m a little busy right now.”
“Fifteen-year-old female,” Dean told her. “Seizure upon arrival, administered the first dose of diazepam intramuscularly in the the field and second dose intravenously en route. Seizure lasted twenty-five minutes, history of epilepsy.”
He looked up when he realized what he said just to see Cas’ look away. “Yes, of course, I am happy to be here with them.” Cas hesitated a moment. “Well, I should let you go to bed. I’ll see you tomorrow.” Cas was off the couch and out of the room before Dean could even think of something to say to stop him.
“Will you all stop teasing him?” Jess said from across the room, and even though Charlie didn’t have enough sense to at least look shamed, her wife apologized for her. Castiel gave a shy smile back.
They divided up into teams, boys against girls. Dean when first and acted driving and flying. “Batman!” Sam yelled, while Castiel just looked lost.
Dean fretted for the next week about whether he was letting Cas know that he and Sam accepted him and wanted him there. He made burgers for dinner twice, watched movies with Cas almost every night, and even masked up and took a trip out of the bunker to buy a few potted plants just hoping Cas might feel more like he had a place there if he had something there that needed him.
Their standoff only lasted a couple of days before Cas cracked. “Why do you hate me so much?” Cas cried out after their two-hour long staring contest from across the cabin.
Cas looked down at the book on his lap. “
Cas put the book down and pulled on his shoes.
“You want to head home?” Sam asked her and she looked at the dancefloor like she felt guilty about wanting to go.
Cas hated the stupid summer camp. The food sucked, his roommate was an asshole, he had to use porta-potties, and they couldn’t even swim in the lake.
“Deal.”
“Oh, no, we were. We became great friends over the years. When she died, God, it was like a knife to the heart.” Dean wasn’t sure where the tears in his eyes came from.
Dean moved first, turning to face Cas. “It’s okay.”
“The baby is?” Sam joked back and Dean still couldn’t get over how adorable they were.
Cas felt Sam’s pain when he walked into the room. It called to him, asking him to talk it away like he’d done so many times before. After Cas introduced Dean to his little brother, he took Sam’s hand in his own and made sure Sam didn’t feel any pain when he slipped away.
“Any flowers for the archway?” Cas’ eyes wandered back to Dean who had lost interest in the conversation and was picking the dirt out from his fingernails.
Charlie and Tracy found them after most of the guys were asleep on the bar top. They called the limo for everyone to go back to the ranch.
“My little brother. Dad shipped us here so he could go on a month-long bender.”
“Not a chance.”
Jess stood up, “Yes, the baby is.” Dean stood and gave them hugs and then Dorothy stood too.
When they left the office, Dean saw another girl sitting next to Emma, blond ringlets falling past her shoulders. The girls were pressed close together, and Emma’s head rested on the blond’s shoulder.
Dean was fascinated with the stained glass in her front window; he said it reminded him of his true love. Cas smiled proudly every time Dean said that, knowing that the man had forgotten that the blue of the window was nearly the same color of Cas’ eyes.
“No. At first, maybe, but now, no. I don’t know what this is, but I don’t want to throw it away.”
“I’ll see you in the morning.”
He met Dean downstairs by the front door. He was hunched over his boots, lacing them up. “You need a ride, man?” Dean asked with a smirk.
“That, uh, that’s great Cas. I’m glad too.”
Dean growled his low, possessive growl, the one he gave when Cas told him he should be honest with Jo about their relationship. Cas smiled at him and led him back to the room. He laid Dean back on the desk and stripped him before climbing over him and riding him.
Castiel. That wasn’t a hot, smart guys name. That was a hippy, white-guy-with-dreadlocks type name. “Castiel?”
She handed him a couple of bags with take-out containers from the Roadhouse. “Mom sends her love.” Dean smiled, and they set the food on Dean’s unused counters. Sam and Jess came next with the lasagna. Jess and Jo talked about baby presents while Sam and Dean kicked back with beers.
, he has sex hair and baby-blues, and I swear he could—”
Hannah came over with a trailing redhead she introduced as Charlie. Cas didn’t miss the way their fingers kept brushing each other. “Where is Anna?”
“I love you. I always have. And I’d still marry you, here and now. You need a beard; I’m yours.”
“I called a cab,” Benny said holding up his phone. “Go enjoy yourself.”
Cas grinned, “I can do that. Are you sure Jo will be okay with that?”
Sammy. The boy at the lake. Cas wasn’t supposed to have seen that. “Who’s Sammy?”
“Yeah.”
Castiel gave him a desperate look and nodded before he took a few staggering steps and dropped like he was dead. “Um, is that his clue?” Sam asked and Dean smiled when Castiel nodded from his dead-man position on the floor.
“The brown really works with all the wooden decorations I have planned,” Jo told him as she flipped to the next page. “And the blue just complements the brown really well. We’ll have green as an accent color.”
He smiled at Castiel as if daring him to say anything, but Castiel just nodded and picked up his burger again.
Another man that Dean didn’t recognize was setting in the office. He was attractive, dressed in a slightly rumpled suit and perpetual bedhead.
Dean turned his eyes away and looked to where Claire and Emma were doing some crazy variation of a swing dance to the music. “Did you know about them?”
“Yeah, okay, let me grab my—”
“Dean, I—” Dean cut off his words with a press of his lips. And yeah, it might be wrong, but Dean’s lips felt right.
“This isn’t your cup of tea?” Cas asked him.
A week later, he heard the same unknown woman’s voice coming from Cas’ room. “This can be an exceptionally difficult time if you are living with unsupportive friends or family and are feeling stuck. If you find yourself in a situation where you feel like you cannot be yourself, then I am glad that you found yourself here. This is a safe place where we celebrate who you are. Does anyone want to share their experiences with that?” the woman asked.
When Jo realized that she lost his focus, she glanced at the boys and smiled. “Look at them being all macho and acting all manly. They’re adorable.” Cas quirked an eyebrow at her in question, and she continued, “I could drink them all under the table.”
Dean rolled his eyes, and he wanted to defend himself, but he couldn’t deny it. Castiel was someone Dean really wanted to get to know better. He hated that they were all right. He glanced across the room to where Sam looked like he was trying to get Castiel’s life story and Castiel looked like he would rather be anywhere else in the world. “He looks like a fish out of water! He’s floundering.”
“You can show him how to play,” Jess said from the couch and Dean almost gave her a bitch face before Castiel said he would appreciate it. He couldn’t say no.
“A drunk guy?” Sam asked. No response.
“What can I do for you boss?” Dean asked as he entered the white-brick office. Bobby wordlessly handed him the phone.
“Umm, I have a brother I’m close to. He runs a bakery downtown.”
“Still kicking. Plus, I only puked once this morning!” She smiled widely at that, and he couldn’t help grinning back.
Dean had never heard of that before, and apparently his face showed it. Castiel scooted across the couch toward Dean. “I don’t have sex with people. But I still go on dates and I am intimate with people.”
“It would feel highly inappropriate to do nothing while you are working.”
Charlie looked at Dorothy next to her, “No, she’s dehydrated. We gave her an IV yesterday when she couldn’t stop throwing up.” Jess looked betrayed that Charlie told them, but Dean and Dorothy both gave her concerned looks. “You’re lucky I didn’t ask Flagstaff to put you on bedrest,” Charlie told her.
Dean blanched and Dorothy tugged on her wife’s arm, “Babe, how much did you have to drink?”
“It doesn’t weird you out?”
“I’ll be there in ten,” he said into the mouthpiece before hanging up.
They pulled up to the emergency entrance and Dean jumped out to glide the stretcher out of the van. Charlie waited for them outside with two nurses.
Dean was surprised the guy got around so much. He must be super attractive for all of those people asking him out.
“Yeah, okay, but you’re a germaphobe,” she said as she pulled into the firehouse bay. He couldn’t argue it, it made him a great paramedic.
“Good job, kiddo.”
Cas shook hands with them, and Dean led him over to the bar. Jo’s bridesmaid, an attractive girl named Tracy Bell, kept giving Dean glares from over her drink.
Dean rubbed a hand down Cas’ side and rested it on Cas’ ass. “Don’t worry. This doesn’t mean anything.”
He spoke up, “Dean, would you like something to eat?”
“Brown and blue?” Cas asked.
Dean had never thought about it that way. “Maybe? Maybe I just want a better connection with someone before I sleep with them. I don’t know.”
He gave Dean a wink, hoping he could see it, “I guess you got me this time. Would you like a sandwich to pass the time?”
Cas glanced up at Dean and instantly regretted it. He looked amazing in the golden light. Dean saw him looking and smiled but didn’t look away. “Glad you like the view.”
Cas swallowed and looked at their fingers brushing, too scared to move. Benny cleared his throat first and stood, “Well, it’s getting late.”
Dean pulled back, breaking the contact. “You okay with this?”
“What, no more ‘babe’? Did this get too real for you?”
“High school.”
Dean hated putting him on the spot, so he spoke up. “You don’t have to answer that.”
Dean nodded and looked at his watch. “You know, I have a few hours to kill. I bet seeing the ranch would help you get a better idea for the flowers. You know, if you have time." It was only an hour before he usually closed the store, and he figured he could let Alfie, the new assistant, close for the day.
He stopped when he saw Castiel’s smile. “You’re on the spectrum too?” Castiel looked elated, like he finally found someone he could connect to.
“Do you have labels you would like to identify yourself with?”
Dean smiled, “No. I was great at dating, bringing people back to my place for a night, but I was never cut out for anything long-term. Especially not with her.”
Charlie. He was going to kill her for setting him up like this. “Man, you don’t have to do my dishes. Go sit down.”
“And you’re bragging about it?” Sam asked.
Instead of putting another movie on, Dean stilled his nerves and turned on the couch, leaning against the armrest so he could look at Cas. “How are you doing, buddy?”
“I know we all woke up naked.”
“What do you mean?” Castiel leaned forward with his on his elbows on the table and peered at Dean curiously.
Jess sat in the NICU, holding a tiny baby that was at least a month premature and had an oxygen mask covering their face. He knocked on the glass and held up one of the sandwiches when she turned her head. She smiled back and held up a finger that told him to wait. She stood after a minute and put the baby back in the nearest incubator.
Jess reached up to grab her husband’s hand and kissed it, “Nah, babe, I’m pretty sure he’s gay.”
Dean huffed out a laugh and sat down on the other end of the couch, “Yeah, ain’t that the truth.”
“Dean,” Cas admonished, “I do still have flowers in the van. Perhaps Ash and Benny could help Alfie and I with them?”
“Perhaps,” Castiel said after a few minutes, “you and Emma would like to come over for dinner tomorrow?”
“And everyone in the group is…. You know…”
I’ll see you tomorrow.” He slammed the door to his car closed and ignored Dean calling after him as he pulled out of the parking lot.
Cas blushed and turned away. Dean sat on the hood of his car and patted the spot next to him. “Come watch the sunset with me. It’s my favorite time of the day.”
“I’ve never heard those words before, but thanks for the explanation.”
Dean looked down at his hands playing in his lap and thought of what to say. He could say he liked their time together too, or that he didn’t want Cas to leave, even after corona. Instead, the only thing his mouth came up with was, “I know Jack and Sam like having you around more too.”
Castiel was quiet as the commercials played on the television, and Dean must have forgotten the ending because this wasn’t what he remembered at the beginning of the movie. He drained the water after his last dish and ran the garbage disposal to clean out the sink.
“Okay,” Sam said, “I won’t tell you that.”
“I do not.”
Jo let out a chuckle and settled on the window seat next to Dean, her bedsheet tied firm under her arms. “I don’t care if you see other people. But you and I both know that your grandpa will write you out of his will if you are with a guy. Your cousins are gonna throw you out on your ass.”
Dean was only on cabin patrol for a week, and when the week was up, Cas worried Dean would go back to ignoring him. He didn’t. He started sitting with Cas at lunch, going to activities with him. Sometimes, Cas caught Dean looking at him, and he wondered what Dean was thinking about. He probably caught Cas staring at him sometimes too. Really, Cas just wanted to trace patterns with Dean’s freckles. He got more and more because they were out in the sun every day. Sometimes Cas dreamed about it at night and woke up with morning wood that he had to hide.
“How is he?”
Jess went next and pointed to the kitchen, her stomach, and stuck up her nose with a finger. “Pot-bellied pig?” Dorothy asked.
Dean glanced up from his drink and saw Sam’s eyes wide in surprise, and Dean continued, “I mean, I’m just tired of dating around. I know you guys all think I’m some kind of man whore, but all the dates I go on, I don’t sleep with them. I’m barely even interested in them unless I can picture a relationship out of it, and—”
“We could play truth or dare.” Cas glanced over at his sisters, wondering if it was just an excuse to kiss Anna. “Come on. It'll be fun!” Dean told him.
“I don’t know, Dude,” Dean finally said for lack of an explanation. “He sounds interesting.”
“I don’t know, I just assumed,” Jess looked almost ashamed for assuming his sexuality. “I mean, he turned down Meg. And Jolene from trauma. And Athena from the morgue. Even Pam from cardio.”
Bobby waved to Dean from the window in his office. Dean nodded and closed the hood of the Pontiac he was working on, wiping his hands on the rag in his back pocket. It didn’t get all the motor oil off, but it worked for now.
