‘You intend to accept this publisher’s offer over the other one.’
Chapter 6: Sherlock
Damery did chortle at that. (Apparently he was unaware that John wasn’t joking.)
, despite the prickle along his neck, because Mary had been so much more subtle when she’d done that) — and John was already tucking his phone back into his pocket, determined not to forget much longer.
Several minutes later, as John returned downstairs in his pyjamas (
, he said inwardly, though to himself or to Sherlock, he wasn’t sure.
'You seem sweet, and a beautiful woman like you, with a father worth as much as your father is... You know better than I do the kinds of men that go for that: the whole package. And so what I don't understand is how you aren't curious —'
a complete surprise, so I just… I dunno. Tried to throw you off the scent.’ He scrutinised Sherlock again. 'I am pretty damn smart when I need to be.'
Sherlock considered him for a moment. ‘I picked up your–’
A second later he felt himself pushed steadily backward, shoving the uneven dividing board of the threshold almost painfully into his back, and he nearly drove the hands away, except they were John’s hands, and he was kissing him, and Sherlock couldn’t arrange his thoughts into anything more coherent than,
‘Oh, Sherlock!’ tsked Mrs Hudson disapprovingly in reply, fluffing a pillow on the settee as he settled (teeth-gritted and minimising movement so that fiery jagged spears would not rip every remaining muscle he possessed).
Leaving Sherlock blinking in the half-light of his room, John turned his back and went. He needed another scotch for this.
‘You make an excellent team, Dr. Watson, if I may be so…
She waited for Sherlock to say something, and when he didn’t, she nodded, looked at John with a slightly less terse expression, then departed.
He saved the unfinished email and scrolled through his contacts: yes, he did have her number, buried in his call history. Last used more than five months earlier. And, above his outgoing message of yesterday, the last text from Mary beneath the little grey date mark reading, ‘
Naturally the clinic was over-booked and, as expected when the weather was less than sultry, packed to the gills with people suffering from start-of-term colds and early flus and dreary moods as they came in out of the damp, sneezing and wheezing their way into the surgery in half-hearted attempts to get days off sick. Every young woman — hell, every female person aged two to ninety that he saw all day seemed to call to mind all the girls in Gruener’s backrooms and seedy hotels and basements and god knew where, all fleeing something terrible and running into worse. Every minute he was sat here, they were still imprisoned.
John snorted, tucking his hands across his chest. ‘Sorry, sleep isn’t meant to be exciting. Although saying that, I’m starting to think I understand why you get so little sleep generally.’
Sherlock’s face this morning. John had shown him the email to Mary, the one that had never got through, and Sherlock’s face, rather than genuinely thoughtful, had looked… shuttered. Studiedly unreadable.
* * *
‘Er… well,’ she considered.
‘Would you prefer some naff middle-of-the-night, overcooked Chinese? Or wait until it’s properly light out?’ He stood, came round the side of the bed and stopped by the door. ‘Toast now, kip, then… breakfast – or lunch, really – someplace later?’
‘Oi!’ John barked —
John kissed his temple.
The dish was steaming on the table (the table they had almost —
beautiful and unique style (and observations) of
,’ had been
‘No witnesses to the theft, of course, but another plumber and one of her ladyship’s people says they saw this Horner admiring it when she was having a fitting for the Tate Gala tomorrow night.’
Eventually Sherlock retrieves his arm from under the pillow (and John), draping it instead across John’s chest, a welcome weight of skin across skin. John smiles quietly and lets his head rest on the edge of Sherlock’s pillow. His knees come up to brush Sherlock’s knees and Sherlock’s toes tickle his toes and he breathes out, and closes his eyes, and sleeps.
He wasn’t entirely sure if it had been the sheer thrill of suggesting they do something radically different in bed, or the shock on Sherlock’s face, just as the theatre flashed the lights to call them back to their seats, that John had been the one to suggest this particular act, or that he’d dared say such a thing to Sherlock Holmes in
Again John snorted, but this time sat up more rigidly, pursing his mouth with contempt (for what? The reference itself was somewhat lost on Sherlock, who had, if memory served [it did] read the story as a boy and fallen rapturously in love with the bewildered, powerful, misguided scientist and his similarly bewildered, powerful, and misguided Creature). ‘Well isn’t
, on and on, licking and sucking and breathing through his (clean) nose, trembling half with relief.
what he’s like, Mr. Holmes. Sucking in all the parts of you that know how to fight back until you’re… you’re too exhausted.’
This was certainly the place.
‘ Gruener writhed, ‘MEIN GOTT, MEIN
‘Must be losing my youthful good looks,’ he hedged, aiming for levity. ‘Kipped in far worse places in Afghanistan, and even then didn’t hear any complaints.’
‘It’s what you like.’
, a burning touch, and he sucked at John’s pulse-point and clung until he felt his muscles lock and he ejaculated all over John’s thigh.
He nodded sympathetically, feeling no sympathy whatsoever for Harry’s characteristic sour attitude. He tried remember what else she had mentioned lately on the phone, but could only think of the subjects he didn’t want to bring up. He read his menu: something duck, some other sort of beef, chicken with oranges,
‘Yeah, but… I dunno.’ Hopkins closed his notebook on his knee. ‘I just… I reckoned you’d have some trick or something to… to, you know, bring it back.’
Thankfully, Bradstreet let it drop, and they carried on after Sherlock in silence.
•	John was stronger than Sherlock [
‘What can I do for you?’ (Not ‘we’.)
she lands across his cheek sends him reeling, groaning, stinging with pain.
His tone suggested that he found this client’s preference highly dubious to the point of eccentricity, but — for hierarchical reasons, most likely — incontestable.
, he reminded himself sternly.
Sherlock groaned and ducked his head into his hands, tousling his hair beneath his fingers since he couldn’t flounce out of the room entirely without significant energy loss. Which perhaps affirmed John’s nannyish, but evidently not incorrect, point.
, who as of yesterday not only saw you but
‘Yeah. I’m just… pleased about it,’ lied John.
Rather than dignify this simple question with a response, Sherlock actually rocked down, hard and fast, so that John’s slicked fingers sunk in up to the second knuckle: he groaned in hungry anticipation because
‘And yet…’
,’ Sherlock fumed, making sure to whisk the belt of the (burgundy) dressing gown behind him as he strode over to the window and picked up his violin.
‘What time are we going to visit Herr Von Trapp, then?’
‘There’s a dedication page now.’
Even obscured by the dusky orange-blue light pouring in from Baker Street, the mere silhouette of him calmed John. At last the dizzy, wrong-footed feeling that had been sitting on him all day ebbed into nothing. He inhaled deeply.
, who will quite happily spend an hour informing you in excruciatingly distracted detail of your misapprehension.’
, you don’t — fuck —’
She brought the rest of herself into the room and pulled up a plastic seat. ‘Everything all right? And, by the way, I’ve been meaning to say: I like the long hair.’
‘Do you ever work with music on?’ Molly wondered, only about ten minutes after everything had faded but the crackling of the fire and the hum of the refrigerator and the occasional
reassurance — that it determined his ability to handle normal life, normal people’s mistakes and missteps, for an indeterminate period afterward. Historically, this had meant that both of them flapped around, getting on each other’s nerves, sometimes driving each other up the bloody wall, John struggling against the impossible urge to wrap Sherlock very tightly in a hug that might force Sherlock’s breathing to sync with John’s, steady, under control, until he really felt it.
do that: this is not show-and-tell.’ More likely that — he told himself, ignoring the phantom ache around his neck — than that he’d found some way to get into trouble without leaving the flat.
Sorry I missed Friday (for those of you in applicable timezones): and see endnote about upcoming delays...
cane. Not only because it was unseemly (though it did nothing to flatter the too-young man who had no sound need for it), but because John — clearly — hated it. And John had loved the run from Angelo’s after the cab, even the wrong cab; had laughed against the wall until Angelo himself had appeared and delivered the punchline to the night’s best joke.
He lost track of time trying not to contemplate anything else, though he was not especially successful.
— they were in the middle of case! And moreover, it was moot, when Sherlock demonstrably
Whatever the hell that meant. ‘I want proof, Mycroft, by
For a split-second he considered drawing back, removing the latex, coating not just his throat but his chin, his cheek, his nose, his eyelids in spunk,
) Gruener kept the ‘book’ (for want of a better term) on his person.
‘Lived here long?’ he asked, sipping, falling into his familiar role as calming small-talker.
That was an understatement, but he felt like there was enough ahead in their day to bring down the mood: he didn’t need to subject her to his own private therapy session before seven in the morning. Or ever.
fact, but he could tell himself that Mrs Hudson probably had tidied before they’d come home) ‘and John or I will be perfectly prepared to sleep on the sofa, as needed.’
‘John, I —
Of the period between sustaining the injury and at last returning from the labyrinthine fortress of his Mind Palace, there was discouragingly little data. Pain saturated every isolated fragment of memory — the whirl of a fan slicing midnight orange from black silhouettes; the sickening-sweet, cloying perfume of lilies and roses as they died in the burst of full-bloom; the murmuring voices of innumerable (truly, he
Sherlock waited exactly eleven seconds before hurtling himself haphazardly into his room.
Sherlock had rolled his eyes.)
John couldn’t stand it any longer. ‘Sherlock, even if Hugh Boone did kill Mrs St Clair’s husband, I’m pretty sure he didn’t do it by
His throat tightened to hear the quiet, careful (no doubt drug-loosened) question emerge so gently from Sherlock. Years ago, he thought inwardly, Sherlock would have kept that question to himself, tagged it as ‘inappropriate curiosity’ and stowed it for a later date. Now, though, it was obviously coloured by his own experiences… Had he contracted a fever from any of the scars on his back? Infections were all too common in insanitary environments, and John doubted torturers and criminals were overly-fastidious about cleaning their tools. John’s neck ached. He didn’t know much about it, still. He longed to know, almost as much as he longed to know whether Sherlock wanted him to hold his hand.
Shit. That sounded — He really hadn’t meant to make it a
, in his blood and marrow, even though he sometimes forgot it, that he got to be the person he wanted to be when he stood next to Sherlock and helped those people.
Sherlock’s
‘I –’ He had no idea what he wanted to say. ‘I…’ He ran his palms skimmingly as if planning to dissect John into two coronal halves, until his fingernails scratched gently under John’s armpits – instantly John had his wrists pinned to the bed beside him, causing his sage green shirt to fall open around his swelling chest cavity.
with a notoriously-unsociable recovering-drug addict with a habit of setting things on fire (including, to name only the most recent, an eyestalk with the eyeball still attached).
of John. The idea that John might take pride in having contributed something to the world’s only consulting detective was, in Sherlock’s mind, incredible.
,’ he insisted, with a crinkle of plastic which (hateful) required both his hands, including the one that had been caressing Sherlock’s scalp.
‘When she stabbed you.’
‘Stop,’ Sherlock commanded again, and John’s mouth snapped shut. Sherlock’s chest swelled and fell several times before he finally spoke. ‘John… I wanted to thank you for your help with the case today. And your concern for…’ he paused, ‘my shoe. But you… you have undergone a certain degree of unusually high stress in the past twenty-four hours, in addition to running on very little sleep, and if –’
Well that seemed like the worst idea imaginable.
Then of course the false alarm with Peterson – the woman had the peculiar dilemma of finding him exceptionally attractive and unprofessional, which was deeply ironic considering it was not
The long —
Then again, last night he’d been working and had eventually curled up (on his side, drooling, inward facing the cushion) on the sofa, while John had optimistically left his space free on the right side of the bed.
‘It struck me so forcibly, in that second, that it was—this beast just—just didn’t
‘I was always intending to come back.’
He found himself pacing the laboratory of his Mind Palace while perambulating outwardly, reviewing chemical compounds for etchings – something Molly had mentioned stuck in his mind, engraver’s acid…
excited’ for him to be ‘part of the team’ with details about a meeting ‘next week, if that suits you?’; and a second, earlier one…
6) No idea I went with the poorly-summarized film they're watching at the end. Seemed like something they would both put up with for at least five minutes. (For each other.)
I sat, astonished. ‘But I am not reading a romance at present.’
He rolled his eyes, despite the reflexive quirk of his mouth.
As though drawn by a string, Sherlock curled backwards and crouched on his heels, looking furiously at his mobile.
‘Oh,’ Molly said, after something like a century of strained silence. ‘All right, well, that’s — I brought my nightie — sorry, yes, okay, never mind, that’s not important. Okay…’ She stood, scrambling now a little awkwardly, and John didn’t know if it was at the fact that she’d informed them that she slept in what a normal bloke might fantasize as a slinky sheer gown, or because she working out how to stuff the scarf-matching socks she’d worn into her ears to avoid the deafening sex that apparently rocked 221b seven times a night. (Hardly.) ‘Goodnight, then!’
‘As long as you don’t
— slowly touching every single centimetre of him until he couldn’t bear it, he wanted Sherlock come from that alone, shouting so loud they’d both get ASBOs, and then John would chin the judge just to punctuate their triumph.
he had slept – when he had been away from Baker Street. How he had survived. What route he had taken – in which other cities? In other flats? In other people’s beds? – to end up drooling into John’s mattress?
’ Self-disgust and -recrimination was plain on his face but John wasn't ready yet to comfort him, to tell him it was fine, when it wasn't. ‘But I remembered it almost instantly.
‘Never mind,’ John muttered. ‘I’ll go get dressed as well, shall I?’
‘Know a lot about planning weddings, do you?’ John inquired jocosely.
‘Nobody’s home,’ said Christopher unnecessarily — John was drunk, he wasn’t an idiot — as he fumbled with the first of two sets of doors, scraping the key in the lock and nearly face-planting on the flagstone just inside the porch in haste and inebriation. The inner door was another problem as John pressed himself up against Christopher’s back (they were more or less of a height), hands already fumbling with his belt, and Christopher whined and let them
‘Email “failed permanently” — I’d say that’s a fairly clear indicator that this “Miss Morstan” has deleted her account. Alas, you’ll have to find other correspondents for your’ (he wrinkled his nose) ‘poetry.’
‘It’s no trouble, pet, I’m here to —’
,’ John countered.
He shook his head and tried to get clear. ‘That doesn’t explain –’
With a put-upon sigh and a showy glance at her watch, Cusack finally said, ‘Perhaps I should postpone my next meeting.’
Cusack tilted her head sharply to the side, looking confused. ‘Pardon, the safe? Oh no, Lady Morcar had her jewels in her lacquer rosewood box – a family heirloom itself – on the dressing table. Not in the safe.’
as he got to his feet, quickly adjusting his clothes into some semblance of order.
Sherlock blinked at Poe’s statue. He supposed, now he thought of it, he was — the pillow was his least favourite (too firm); it smelled more of aftershave and unscented shampoo than his own.
was the connection between the Countess of Morcar and the H. Baker who had purchased a jewel-laden parrot in Bloomsbury? How did Ryder – if indeed he was correct it was Ryder (he was 85% sure) – steal the carbuncle only to lose it? Was Baker his confederate, hoping to traffic the bird out of town – but no, he had
An enormous smile broke across John’s face, crinkling his eyes, and he never wanted anything more in his entire life than to stay, exactly here, suspended in the amber streetlight like an insect.
Sherlock looked appalled. ‘How you managed to get a book contract is a grim reflection on the present state of publishing…’
As the fire in his chest abated once more to a dull ache, John’s mobile rang.
It was, John reckoned as another patient sat down across from him, a lot like being a doctor: the ability to switch on and off, with decent success, any erotic interest in another body. Much though he had been thrumming all the previous day with the itch to stand that certain way next to Sherlock, to weave their fingers together and kiss slowly and pull each other together and apart until they lost track of everything else, this morning he had felt only brisk, watchful concern. He’d considered begging off surgery duties for today. Not that either of them were especially good at talking, but he knew that on occasion when Sherlock was rattled he flitted around the flat, impatient and needing a ballast. But this morning Sherlock had proclaimed his intention to venture to the British Library for further research, so John had decided there was no point hovering and making things worse.
Jokes were John’s primary means of defusing tension, as much as deflecting it; in this instance, Sherlock was deeply grateful.
‘It is his word, and I do not quite deny it,’ I replied.
John snorted. ‘Alright, then. Order what you like. Surprise me.’
Sherlock rounded on them both with an imitation of moronic joy. ‘As ever, Mycroft doesn’t trust his staff not to post official secrets on Twitter. Isn’t the fate of the nation in wonderful hands!’
For several minutes, Sherlock stood, taking in all the data – shoe pile disturbed, medical journals rigorously re-stacked, light switched on and back off (drops of misty rain on the plastic), cooler air in the flat (John left his window upstairs open throughout most of the summer) – to ground himself in the reality. John wasn’t here, but he had been. His things were still here. He was planning – eventually – to return. In which case, Sherlock would wait.
‘Yeah well, it’s not as if it hasn’t happened every
‘— you can fuck right off, we’re not talking about her eligibility for best Princess Di impression, we’re talking about the fact that she knows a hell of a lot more than Gruener would like, and she’s lucky she isn’t dead for it!’
— something that might be searched or seen by accident when he travels. He's old-fashioned. And he makes them “read” from it, which suggests there is something to read… Maybe his glasses?’
‘No,’ John pointedly stated, in an undertone, putting a hand to the base of Sherlock’s neck and sliding up into the soft curls over his ear. ‘Our bedroom. Not upstairs. All right?’
‘Don’t go into shock, obviously,’ drawls Mycroft.
‘Little do you know, you are going to start getting limericks pasted all over the flat.’
‘I’d shut up if I were you,’ John’s steady tone warned, with more composure, ‘because if I’m honest, I am seriously tempted to let her shoot you.’
Upon this summa, I allowed my voice to linger, appreciating — as evidently I had done, so distractingly, a short time earlier — the spirit and aspirations of the final lines.
‘I love you.’
Still, he tried not to feel just a little bit grateful to close the door behind her, even though the parrot’s mimicry of that cough made him a little worried: small tickles quickly became deeper, serious respiratory infections, particularly in those of ‘mature’ years, and especially when combined with damp. They would have to keep a closer eye on her for a few days.
‘I was lonely
‘After that, he wined and dined me, took me to all the best places and always wanted to pay — even took me to Prague, one weekend. Sorted everything for me — told me not to lift a finger, said he’d take care of it all. I thought,
‘Mary, wait –’ John was swearing –
, he made sure to ask, ‘Do you want me to keep going?’
’No,’ John had replied, a bit surprised that the idea had occurred to Sherlock when it had very much gone from his own mind. ‘No, we definitely are not.’
As ever, it was not merely remarkable that John could fall asleep so quickly, or in such a bright room (Sherlock hadn’t bothered to turn off the bedside lamp), with Sherlock positioned so near: ever the doctor, or the soldier… or both. (John’s leg jolted, but his breathing continued to slow.) Instead, it was the simplicity of what John offered (his sleep) which, on another body, up-close, would have grated, felt lecherous, invasive, mocking at such a moment when sleep and/or arousal felt irrevocably out of reach.
of metal as the woman dropped the metal chain, sparing him a glance —
. Loose change, broken, out-of-date electronics with their wiry guts splayed apart as though they’d burst at the joints. Even half-forgotten cups whose contents (all alcoholic of course) were now just sticky pools at the bottoms of smudged glassware that somebody — namely, John — would have to clean up his fucking self if they ever wanted to sell the damned place once his father…
it to happen, that he wanted John not just for spontaneous quickies but for deeply premeditated, er, manoeuvers, the kind that didn’t deflate at negotiations of ‘top’ and ‘bottom’ and hygiene and history. John pressed more fully across Sherlock’s whole body, hard and tight, and didn’t care whether it was now (though fucking hell he was ready now) or never, but that look on Sherlock’s face had made John groan to suppress the simple declaration that he wanted to paint in permanent shiny letters over the doorway to 221 —
how many, and wanted to scream at this simple statement) nurses and doctors as they craned over him like beasts in a nightmare; snippets of actual nightmares, cells filled with Moriarty, chained and crooning sinister lullabies; the hateful piercing torture (this was closer to Serbia, surely) on his nerves by the various monitors and measuring apparatuses… everything seemed stitched together with the same alien-skin thread (more akin to fishing wire this time, it seemed, than any occasion when John had needed to sew him back together), constantly yanking at the seams. He learned not to move much.
‘Come back to mine,’ Christopher murmured, leaning close as someone behind him was forking over some notes to the barman. ‘I want to see if I can make you beg.’
He’s awake, for god’s sake! He looks at her, and she nods sternly again. The room, bright and brisk and sterile, doesn’t remind him of Molly at all, but then again, the rooms in his mind often don’t. The pressure on his abdomen is getting harder to ignore, lungs struggling to compensate —
John felt completely lost but Baker, the innocent nutter, looked thrilled. ‘My wife will be intensely pleased! My deepest thanks for retrieving the parrot from the shop. Mr. Windigate, the usual proprietor who arranges such things, left last night just after I stopped in to acquire the first pet, before he left for his tour of – all places – Salzburg, and after spending £700 on one bird–’
(See the end of the chapter for
who thinks she can invade my private home –’
He had, under the influence of the last round of narcotics, suggested to John his dream-inspired consideration that Gruener in fact carried some sort of digestible, unappetising though it sounded.
‘When?’ he demanded, his voice like the familiar subterranean rumble of the tube as heard from right here in John’s bed on those quietest London nights. His eyes darted around the room unseeing, then back to John with a dark look. ‘Who reported it?’ A pause. ‘And the assistant says she – I don’t care about a
‘Right. Well then.’ He needed to change, to get this suit back in the rental pouch before he found a way to ruin it, and then — he found himself yawning.
for John, he managed not to stumble over the words a second time. ‘Can you say, “I love you, Papagena”?’
As a Women's Day/year/lifetime resolution, I'm trying to replace 'sorry' with 'thanks', so... thanks for everyone's patience as I missed my usual deadline posting. Busy week. And, as you can see this, chapter is significantly longer than some of the others, so the fiddling bit also took ages.
was the way it left John on the pavement watching him jump —
Immediate tightness of the jaw; rapid blinking; jump in heart-rate. ‘Wha… oh, well…’ He laughed nervously; a bead of rainwater dangled on his ruddy, chafed nose. ‘I thought you said –’
?), John continued talking through the sequence of events. ‘Then, after leaving her dinner party early feeling ill, she comes home, finds the place robbed, realises the stone is missing, and phones the hotel security who ring the police.’
moustache. You would have been just
, he told himself. He wasn’t some dirty old man. And anyway he was very, very much otherwise occupied on that front. He couldn’t help being attracted to people, but he’d be damned if he let the same reflexive flirting of yesterday happen again.) He tried to eat.
•	Souvenir – custom-made? Or simply discs/plates/lenses that could be replaced, interchanged – so there would be alternates somewhere. Even if they could get the device itself, with its latest album of victims, there would be, in some – proverbial needle, haystack –
He nodded. And John looked at him… Sherlock felt slightly raw, as if John had only just glimpsed, in the space of this one conversation, the simple fact of Sherlock’s painfully obvious devotion.
at eleven.’
‘Are you certain you’re wearing it properly?’ Sherlock repeated for the third time, unclear as to why the dress – custom chosen to suit Molly’s body shape, colouring, and purpose this evening – was… falling flat. And if it was falling flat to
to keep them separate: need to hear Miss de Merville’s logic, if one may be so loose with the word, as she states it, and at the same time to know what Gruener believes to be at stake. It’s even possible that he’ll start throwing people under the bus at the mere hint of an investigation.’
. Because wow, dark and twisty OTPs can swap quotes all. day. long.]
Only a week ago, a dog (a much less menacing golden retriever) had streaked across a large open field of grass in the park and come, wagging its entire body and barking joyfully, to lap at Sherlock’s hands and then, when he stopped mid-sentence and dropped to his knees, jumped up to slather his entire face in saliva.
He sighed, then opened his eyes.
‘Does he! What a clever parrot you are, my friend.’ Then Baker whistled – and John nearly jumped out of his chair – the same four-note bird call-esque trill that Sherlock and Flint had been playing (and singing) earlier.
, a blindspot as convenient for burglars as for residents smuggling their own illicit goods and chattels in and out – plausible deniability, nothing on camera, no records,
Naturally, her flat was bigger than 221A, B, and C put together. Plus a garden balcony. Her cut-out orchid-print sofas (two of them) looked like they cost as much as he’d made in a year in Afghanistan. And... empty.
fought fair. He lied to weeping parents and pretended not to care if he had friends only to throw himself off building except that he hadn’t done that either, all in order to get ahead of the game; he’d been manipulating John’s personal life for years —
(Sounded cliché, despite being completely true. But he deleted that too, lest Sherlock get all bent out of shape again over being called out for being a sexually-active adult.)
Absurd! He can’t
‘We’re in the middle of a case, John.’
She walked — evidently balancing on the balls of her feet, maybe to avoid unwanted noise — and made the most subdued bowl of Weetabix he’d ever witnessed being made in his life.
‘Ooh!’ she thrilled, suddenly swinging into her reality telly mode. ‘Well! Go on then!
Sherlock had risen to his feet, leaving a hand available with which Fred could present his ears for ruffling. ‘Very good.’
, he wanted to squirm and lick and prod and surround and lift John while kissing him like it was not even close to goodbye, and the man was being
With an impatient groan, Sherlock shoved the car into gear and joined the traffic.
Now again, Sherlock was standing at the window, absent-mindedly tapping out something complicated with his fingers in midair as if tickling a fidgety ghost. With his other hand, though, he was stroking a half-lidded Flint, who was restless but leaning into his touch.
Sherlock played beautifully for over an hour after Suze left, and John ached with gratitude to be able to sit with a nice glass of scotch and simply get lost in whatever sad, crooning melody Sherlock was drawing out of the violin. This was how they worked best: the two of them sitting with a client between them, and then hours of closeness unspooling, alone with each other, punctuated only by asking the other’s opinion on the best strategy for taking down a criminal or on what they’d like for tea.
Looking up abruptly, he added, ‘Curry’s hot, though,’ leaving off
About ten minutes after the ambulance carrying the Baron on a stretcher pulled away through the fleet of police cars, Mycroft arrived.
Except this year he’d have a date with said ‘particular person’, rather than with a bottle of bad scotch on his lino floor. A date, this time, who might actually prefer the homeless shelter to the warmer, swankier scene of the banquet, because he was mad and John was out of his mind with love for him.
‘You’re welcome,’ Sherlock mumbled, because he didn’t think he trusted himself to move.
Her eyes, shining with clear tears, flicked over to Sherlock, then back to John. After a moment she breathed, ‘After.’
he was meant to be off-duty) and sat with John in the receiving area outside the operating theatres. He’d handed John a coffee — the coffee he’d been craving at the lunch with Harry that he hadn’t eaten — and hadn’t spoken again, just squeezed John’s shoulder once, until hours and hours later they told John he ‘could go into to sit with him’. Greg breathed, ‘
‘Sh-Sherlock, I don’t think – I –’ he stammered, aware that his dusky pink cock was jutting insistently between them and possibly leaking against Sherlock’s silken pyjama bottoms which were instantly his favourite and least favourite garment on the entire planet. ‘You, it’s not –
‘Thank you, Mr. Baker. You have been
Mycroft stared for a moment at Flint, his expression reminiscent of a man interrupted midway through a succulently spiced gammon and asked if he would like some ketchup. Eventually he continued, ‘Touching though this turn to domesticity is,’ (Sherlock glared; he was
It had been the first hurdle of their relationship, and it had been a surprisingly big obstacle for Sherlock. People had often gotten close, drawn in by the (melo)drama, the amazement, the sublimity of real genius coupled with ‘crime-fighting’ (too many cop shows, too little understanding of motives or science or the accidental detritus criminals left behind). Yes, people had gotten close, but then, feline, Sherlock snapped, bristled, hissed, arched his back and scratched, and suddenly people remembered: they were dog-people. They liked cuddles and affection and, deep down yes, normality. Everyday life. Average.
‘Yeah,’ he replied, shaking himself, but not feeling any easier.
He re-emerged from his thoughts back to hear Sgt. Challa talking to John. ‘… and then I saw a man running away from the scene – it looked like some kids had tried to mug him, but I by the time I got there, he was off in one direction and the boys had disappeared in the other. And then I saw, erm, her on the street, almost in a puddle, and I figured–’
Sherlock ‘hmm’ed ambiguously, his eyes shut.
over both their shoes with a terrific spray.
. (Tipsy. Or…)
‘Oh, yes, thanks, that was lovely.’ And — yes — really, was Molly actually secretly from an incredibly posh (or twee, aspiring) family? So much so that even here, in the midst of a kitchen at its
Sherlock opened his eyes, panther-like orbs as he regained his usual self-control. ‘Doubtful. It’s
They both went on chewing their food in companionable silence, and John thought about all of it. His parents, Harry… Molly’s life, or what he knew of it (which was, really, vanishingly little), was kind, good, neat and tidy… boring. She was possibly the most interesting member of her family. It wouldn’t surprise him. Bunched up on the bench opposite, she looked small, but sturdy, like things that flattened other people rolled off her. (She’d managed to get through hours of Sherlock’s increasingly tetchy behaviour last night without visibly taking it personally, which was more impressive than it might sound to someone who hadn’t witnessed it.)
done: drastic was perhaps the only word for this escalation.
He managed just at the last moment to get himself under Sherlock, pulling him down over him in a rush and only hitting his own unconcussed head on the tile, mouthing at whatever part of Sherlock he could reach, and then suddenly everything was essentially a blur because Sherlock’s hands and mouth were ruthless but his eyes were searching and adoring and John couldn’t help but feel like this was the icing on the cake of a dream-like day: blowjobs at 3 pm on the kitchen floor.
nearby.’
Peterson smirked again, a little too meanly for John’s taste. ‘Said she hadn’t needed it ever before. Offering a five thousand pound reward for –’
Molly was looking at Sherlock with concern. ‘Did you have — I mean — if you’d rather sit on the sofa, I can use the desk.’
not knowing.)
. All the distant impassivity of the previous night had reasserted itself in Sherlock’s expression, through his muscles, turning him to stone.
‘You’ll have plenty of time to enter REM sleep.’
John was frowning deeply, a guarded hurt in his eyes that Sherlock had only recently stopped seeing. ‘Just here to brighten up our day, Mycroft?’ he asked curtly.
— it’s not as though he keeps an actual
with everyone? He was fine — he didn’t need to go anywhere. ‘Piss off. Which reminds me — do you need to use the loo? I’m sure you could walk to the proper one, if you wanted.’
John popped open the box, and took out the vermillion-and-midnight blue lacquer pin (in the shape of an anatomically-correct, if stylised, heart) for Molly, who affixed it to her dress wordlessly.
‘Of course. As it happens, John, Mr. Ryder, came for some information. About our feathered friend – except, in fact,
. I got so
‘Shameless romances, my dear Watson.’
And then the longer you’re lookin’ at ‘em, you start to see that they’re just… dead. Flat. Like a painting. No light or… or soul, or
Original epigraph for this chapter was a long-time favourite of mine: ‘[H]e used to think that he wanted to be good, he wanted to be kind, he wanted to be brave and wise, but it was all pretty difficult. He wanted to be loved, too, if he could fit it in." —F. Scott Fitzgerald,
Miss Winter had usefully corroborated the information Sherlock had acquired from the homeless network: the ‘records’, or ‘accounts’, or ledger, or book (terms suggestive but none definitive) was indeed in hard-copy, a physical — and therefore eradicable — object. During his long rumination on the problem, he had determined that:
This was not especially illuminating as to
John ignored everything but the ‘TAXI!’ at the next corner and hurtled towards it because he
of John thumbing open the plastic cap.
‘Sorry?’ John asked, looking around, only to find her nod towards where the bloody
‘ Suze croaked through his earpiece.
’) was looking at him.
‘My brother has had a team of agents working on this case for quite some time, performing the necessary groundwork. Their determined belief – one with which I have argued strenuously – is that Gruener, given the sort of man that he is, would very likely provide a great deal of otherwise inaccessible evidence about the criminal networks with whom he works, if he could be persuaded that it would save his own skin.’
One step into the lobby and Sherlock grabbed him and shoved him behind (and nearly into) a potted palm tree.
"He's looking for a fare." A woman walks towards the cab and leans down to the left-hand front window to talk to the driver as Angelo walks towards their table carrying the requested glass of wine. Out in the street the woman straightens up again and walks away and the cab's light turns off. Sherlock grins.
"It's 3C out here, Sherlock," John said with a smile, offering the detective his outerwear. Befuddled silver-green eyes turned on John. On the ground in front of them the body bag had been carefully opened to reveal a skeleton slightly shorter than John himself without skin or muscle but with all the major organs. It was anatomically correct but abstracted from perfect accuracy since it was made of crocheted yarn, buttons, ribbons and other craft supplies. The fabric of the scull and other bones had been starched stiff and the organs stuffed and shaped with care. The intestines were two long tube scarfs coiled carefully in place, the lungs made using modified instructions for knitting a tea cozy, and the stomach was a carefully shaped pocket that contained a bit of fluffy 'digestive acid' and some tiny plastic food from a child's play-set. Thin nylon threads held everything in place where the friction of a snug fit wasn't adequate, invisible in the moonlight. There was even a pair of walnut shells cheekily hanging from the pelvis area with red and white heart-pattered ribbon. "You didn't honestly expect an actual cadaver?"
"Ah, yeah, I can't say that my diet wasn't influenced by my medical school days either," John says with a little chuckle. "I was full vegetarian for a while thanks to a very - ah - unique girlfriend I had while in Uni. Healing crystals, spas, colored lamps to adjust her body's energy - I'm sure you know the type. We were off and on a long while, but then he dumped me to come out as trans. He... well, never mind."
"He did," Donovan huffs.
"I'll just bother the man whose fault it is I'm stranded here," John begins to say as he pulls out the sleek smart phone he barely knows how to use, "though maybe that means I should be calling Mike." Remembering that Sherlock said he preferred to text John set about the laborious process of typing on the tiny screen using only the unreliable thumb on his formerly dominant hand, his right hand holding tight to his cane to give his leg as much of a rest as he could in case he was about to have a long walk. Best not to lose leverage in negotiating what he wanted needlessly, and he really did need to force himself to use his left hand more or the very real and not at all in his head nerve damage wouldn't heal properly.
"You told them you had a corpse in here and didn't mention that it wasn't actually a murdered human?" John asked, scrubbing his face with one hand as the reality of the situation presented itself.
"What do you have so far?" John asked.
"Pescetarian," John corrects.
"Brixton, Lauriston Gardens. Will you come?" John hears a man answer from the landing outside the door.
"How?" Sherlock asks the obvious question. All he can think to do is to stall until he can stand well enough to get out or think well enough to come up with a better plan.
They continued talking as they ate, filling in some basic information that they needed from each other to become proper flatmates. John was still going to physical therapy with regular, unmissable appointments. He would also need to go to at least one more session with his therapist even though Sherlock pointed out that she had given him terrible advice and tried to steer him toward an extremely quiet life when he clearly needed excitement to thrive. Sherlock had office hours of a sort, making appointments to see clients within a typical window of time. It left him free to work at Bart's at night and was also convenient for most paying customers, and he would often take multiple naps instead of sleeping a full eight hours at once. Sherlock explained with selective honesty, that that was a habit borne of years of lab work requiring regular documentation around the clock and swing shifts prior to becoming self-employed. John found the office hours acceptable as it meant he could expect privacy in their home after a certain hour, which while not Sherlock's primary motivation had also factored into his habits. People rarely showed up completely out of the blue, as they either contacted Sherlock directly or through a proxy beforehand so the risk of someone knocking up their door while one of them was in the shower or otherwise indisposed was minimal. Sherlock did not mention his homeless network just yet, that could wait for after John had settled in and become more invested in the flat, but the doctor clearly thought of Lestrade or some of the staff at Bart's when Sherlock mentioned proxies which was true enough that Sherlock wasn't honor-bound to correct him.
Sherlock might not know that John had taken up knitting. In fact, John was nearly sure he didn't, though John could never be certain about these things until he asked in blunt terms. The detective might have deduced John's new little secret and simply thought it was beneath mentioning, he could have deleted it, or he could have missed it entirely. It really was remarkable the sorts of things he could miss or misinterpret. Still, John did his best not to leave any obvious clues. It was possible that Sherlock really didn't know given how critical he was of John's new jumpers, all hand made by members of Mrs. Hudson's knitting circle. Phrases like 'where do you even purchase something so hideous' certainly implied that the younger man hadn't cottoned on to John's textile-based pastime.
"Sherlock! What have you done to my house?"
"How?" John prompts, as that was what he'd been after from the start.
John thinks.
"Fair enough, and it might give us a better idea of how she ended up here if we can find it," Lestrade replies amiably. "It is odd for a professional woman like that not to have a phone. What precinct did you work for?"
Mummy's insistence that Sherlock keep up appearances for someone of his social standing and Mycroft paying the bill to ensure that he could comply worked together to ensure that he received at least one full outfit of high quality in the latest fashion each season if not more as well as a selection of personal grooming items. He'd thought of selling some of his clothes a few times, but his odd size wasn't much in demand even without the custom tailoring and Mycroft would probably find a way to make him pay back whatever value he placed on the used things. He'd collected quite a hoard of clothes over the last half-decade, unable in his technical poverty to rationalize throwing out something of such high value unless it was properly ruined and too cautious of his brother's surveillance to sell the excess just yet. In any case, the fine clothes and soaps had been something he missed during the two years he'd been completely cut off, and he could admit a great deal of personal vanity factored into his willingness to spend his brother's money on high-end clothing and toiletries.
John's alarm woke him at midnight. The new watch with its vibration alarm feature was the perfect Christmas gift for a soldier who still occasionally startled at sudden loud noises, and also for running a timer without alerting anyone. He crept downstairs as silently as he could. Sherlock was asleep in his room, recovering from his snit over John's 'bloody frustrating box of rubbish that probably doesn't even have a real solution' and a case that had him awake for 36 hours ending in them collecting a ludicrously large fee for their joint business bank account. The days of shouting over £5 of wasted pork and veg were well behind them. The project box was waiting for him in 221C and he got to work properly setting up Sherlock's gift. As he crept back upstairs Sherlock's mop of curls poked out of the loo.
[Skippable obligatory "this is the part of the canon that made me angry enough to want to fix it" rant.]
"Victim is in her late thirties. Professional person, going by her clothes; I'm guessing something in the media, going by the frankly alarming shade of pink. Traveled from Cardiff today, intending to stay in London for one night. It's obvious from the size of her suitcase," Sherlock speaks quickly, the words firing out of his mouth like a machine gun blast as he jumps to his feet. John struggles his own way up off the floor.
"Can we define excessive public displays after I thank you for the excellent birthday present the way I want to?" Sherlock asked quietly. The panic was gone, Sherlock's usual catlike grace in evidence as he moved closer.
"No, well..." John began to say.
"Send a text, actually, but that would obviously be useless if it died before you could receive any form of answer."
"Wait, wait, wait," Greg interrupted. "This is the extremely interesting corpse you got for your birthday? A life size plush skeleton?"
When they were halfway to Angelo's Sherlock prompted John to send the text that would lead the killer to them. He looked over John's shoulder while he murmured the instructions, glad that John leaned in so that he could clearly see the text appearing on screen. John typed out: 'What happened at Lauriston Gdns? I must have blacked out. 22 Northumberland Terr. Please come.' And then all there was left to do was wait. The silence was tense until the phone rang, proving Sherlock correct. The killer had the phone and was panicking. John gave Sherlock's manic grin an odd look as he let it ring out. Sherlock immediately urged him out of the taxi, the process of paying the driver using his card annoyingly slow now that he was so close to the killer. He needed to move - walking the last block to Angelo's would burn off some of the adrenaline.
"Just got some fresh air, I couldn't sleep," John lied, but Sherlock was blinking sleepily so he'd probably get away with it.
"You think he's stupid enough to come looking for her?" John asked.
"Sorry?" John asked.
"By themselves," Sherlock says instead of the scathing criticism John was expecting.
"Right," John huffs and looks around. "Where am I?"
"If she wanted to leave some message it would be better to keep it on her," Lestrade countered as he watched John strip off the cover-alls, though he sounded thoughtful. "Rachel is our breadcrumb."
"Nicotine patch, it's impossible to maintain a smoking habit in London these days. Bad news for brain work."
"Oh, for God's sake, if you're just making this up..." Lestrade sighs.
"Oh, I wouldn't say that," Sherlock says suggestively.
"Amazing," John praised his flatmate just as he did after any case. Instead of the usual preening Sherlock generally reacted with, he leaned in the scant distance necessary to kiss John on the forehead. The gentle butterfly peck was over in an instant, leaving John momentarily stunned.
Lestrade left, calling off the additional police that had been en route. John's phone rang shortly thereafter, and Mycroft demanded an explanation for the report he'd just received. John put it on speaker rather than be forced to play go-between. The uptight older man ended the call with a demand that Sherlock stop ignoring his phone and listen to their parents wish him a happy birthday before Mummy got upset enough to come visit.
John is so detached from the nearly-automatic polite small talk that he might as well be drugged. He hardly sees his surroundings as Mike leads him inside Bart's and into one of the lab rooms to meet some other lost soul who can't afford to rent a flat in London on his own. There's a skinny man there; the details take time to fully register. Tight suit jacket and expensive black jeans - dressed a bit posh for lab work but not ridiculously so - just a little upper class and not some office worker dabbling or running errands then. Striking features, sharp cheekbones under pale skin topped with black-brown curly hair well past the length John would ever let his own reach that made him look about twelve... and somehow, he knows entirely too much about John's life for someone who has supposedly never met him. John has the impression the younger man is eager to escape their company even as he seems to take it as a given that John will agree to rent a flat with him, which seems contradictory since he'd presumably need to enjoy John's company to want to share living space. In fact, the taller man is so eager to abandon what he was doing and rush off he nearly forgets to mention his name or the address of the flat he's had his eye on before dashing out the door, leaving John with a wink he isn't sure how to interpret and a feeling not dissimilar from the morning after he'd shared a bottle of bathtub whiskey with his college dorm mates and woke up next to some sheep. He never did figure out how he'd gotten that far from his preferred Urban habitat. After the fast-talking man leaves, Mike explains that Sherlock Holmes can do that to anybody, but Mike doesn't know how. It's just something Holmes can do, and Mike seems to find it mildly amusing. As they are parting ways Mike seems more like he's shown John something amusing to distract him than something actually helpful.
"You call that a risk?" he says and reaches into both of his trouser pockets and takes out a small brown bottle from each of them. "This is a risk." Sherlock looks at him blankly. The cabbie puts the identical bottles onto the table in front of him, then unscrews the lid of the right-hand one and tips out one of several small capsules from inside it. Putting it onto the table in front of the bottle, he then picks up the left-hand bottle and takes out another identical capsule and puts it in front of that bottle. "You wanted to know 'ow I made 'em take the poison. You're gonna love this!"
"One doesn't," John chuckled. "One knits it himself, to the perpetual horror of the landlady's knitting circle one is getting advice from. If you catch cold, I will force you to visit a clinic even if you haven't finished the puzzle yet."
Lestrade shouts after Sherlock and then huffs at his forensics team. John distractedly steps aside as Anderson comes onto the landing from where he'd been loitering in a hallway nearby. The man is clearly irritated at having his work delayed and hurries his subordinates along with short snappy comments. John isn't paying much attention, his mind churning slowly through the details trying to figure out what he was missing.
"Ah, now that was a case!" Angelo says wistfully and begins to roll up his shirtsleeves. Sherlock puts his coat on. "Same again?"
"Sherlock – two minutes, I said. I need anything you've got," the detective prompts.
"As you said, she has to have something to do her work on," Sherlock said. "No laptop, no sign of one having ever been in the suitcase or any other device electronic or archaic on which she does it other than a phone number on the luggage tag. She had a string of lovers, she has to have a mobile phone and would never leave it at home. Clever, because she would have to be to juggle all those men. Therefore, the phone was both her work and her entertainment she would never willingly part with it," Sherlock concluded. "So where is it?"
"I'm not his date." The defensive tone of the words echoes in parts of Sherlock's memory that have no place in the present moment. He takes a moment as Angelo rambles on to squash the feelings of offense and disappointment before they can properly begin. They had already been through this once this evening. John has been in the closet most of his adult life; Sherlock established that his work is his focus. It is a clear fact that this is not a date and John's tone is likely simple reflex.
confusion
"And a mystery, which will likely lead to concert tickets to that American group that is coming to London," Sherlock said as he worked another plastic chip out of the stomach. "Sorry, John, but you weren't exactly subtle about that part."
"That was ... amazing," John says when he's finished processing Sherlock's explanation. Sherlock looks back at him suddenly, looking at John in interest.
"Where's what?" John responds with a bland smile that wouldn't fool a small child. Sherlock could strangle John for this appalling inadequacy, but he has just saved Sherlock's life. As far as character flaws go, compulsory honesty isn't too terrible. It does mean he will have to re-evaluate the amount of flirtation John has engaged in, as he may simply be rubbish at keeping a passing attraction to himself even if he does fully accept a rejection.
"Well, don't hover in the doorway," John said, gesturing irritably with his cane. Hateful thing, something really needed to be done about the cane and if John's phone was charged they could get on with it. Sherlock properly stepped into the room and closed the door, closing his eyes and leaning on the wall to block out all the extraneous information flooding his brain.
"I can kiss you now?" Sherlock asked, flexing his fingers and generally fidgeting in place. "And later, spontaneously, or do I need to get verbal permission before each instance?"
Sherlock woke them both up at half five with a nightmare. This week seemed to be the brunette's turn to fight off PTSD, and they gave up on the bed to turn on all the lights in the flat and make breakfast. John very deliberately started peering out into the back garden through the kitchen window while they were washing up, though he was probably covered in all sorts of clues that something was afoot. Sherlock dried the last dish and stepped up behind John to look out the window into the pre-dawn gloom. John knew the exact second Sherlock spotted the body bag when the younger man twitched, though it was a moment before he spoke.
"He cleared my name," Angelo insists.
"Well... no," Lestrade said slowly, as if just realizing that he hadn't needed to prompt John at all. "It was very professional. Anderson, change your gloves."
"Can I just ask: what is your street?" John says, hoping to get at least one straight answer out of him.
"Did I just give you the good pill or the bad pill? You can choose either one." The words are delivered casually, almost lazily after the last bit of rapid speech. Sherlock looks at him for a long moment.
"I'm okay for a bit."
John poked and grumbled at his phone until it surrendered a map to him.
"I've played four times. I'm alive. It's not chance, Mr. 'olmes, it's chess. It's a game of chess, with one move, and one survivor. And this ... this is the move." With his right hand he slides the right-hand pill across the table towards Sherlock, then pulls his hand back and leaves the pill where it is.
"Fantastic," John chuckles to himself, looking over the ridiculous notes he'd made.
"Well, you have just murdered four people," he answers sarcastically.
The flat at Baker's street with its promise of a discounted rent was a tantalizing offer. The location would not scare away clients. The walls were made of solid, thick plaster covered in acceptable wallpaper and pleasant, non-sterile colors. The gas fireplace was deliciously cozy. The furnishings were lived-in and comfortable. The pipes were reliable. The roof did not leak. The landlady adored him. It was right in the heart of the city, in Westminster where clients wouldn't be put off by the neighborhood. It was above a serviceable sandwich shop for when he needed quick food. It was a rather private building on a street with busy neighbors who wouldn't pay him any mind. It was everything he needed in a real home. It was perfect. It would be his sanctuary. It was more than twice the rent he was accustomed to paying.
"I'm your landlady, dear, not your housekeeper," she says gently.
Mycroft had facilitated Sherlock moving in, letting him take the funds to cover the security deposit out of his usual monthly allowance as a Christmas gift, but he would have to get a flatmate. No amount of wheedling would loosen Mycroft's iron-fisted hold on Sherlock's finances, and the expected increase in clients wasn't likely to help him make the first few month's rent. That was something he'd have to build over time and his reserves were not enough to last more than eight weeks without an immediate influx of cash. Not when he'd just splurged on a large supply of ready to eat frozen meals that he lost during his unexpected eviction and would never see a penny of his old flat's security deposit despite not leaving any permanent property damage behind this time. Theoretically, he had enough in his monthly allowance to cover it, but Mrs. Hudson didn't take plastic and Mycroft wouldn't let him have a draft set up for the full amount. Housing should not be more than one third his total income, according to his brother, and it was part of his agreement when he got out of rehab to follow certain guidelines. Even when he added his trust allowance as if it was income to stretch the numbers, something Mycroft had not done when he cited the figures, his annual budget was still short by a couple hundred pounds. That Mycroft would not give him even that tiny bit of leeway on the arbitrary rule was hateful. He could afford it if he had proper access to his own money, but unfortunately he did not.
"And nearly an hour of vigorous exercise." It was a good counterargument; Sherlock wouldn't waste the brain power on it this time. John brought Sherlock the first glass of water, spilling a little and frowning angrily at his left hand. He was limping more than Sherlock had ever seen as he returned to sip from his own water. This horrible little flat was hard on them both.
John slips out of his jacket and into the coverall and gloves Sherlock hands him, vague memories of forensic procedures gleaned from pop culture and a couple true-crime novels reminding John that contaminating a crime scene is a big deal. Suiting up wasn't wholly unfamiliar, he had to be sterile during surgery after all, and he deftly slipps into two pairs of gloves without contaminating the outside. The police procedure going on around him was unfamiliar: The few times he'd had to deal with RMPs he'd been removing an injured soldier from a scene as quickly as possible, usually avoiding alcohol-scented vomit as much as he could along the way. They head up the stairs of the disused building to the murder scene. There are a few signs of renovation visible from the stairway, but the building clearly hasn't been properly inhabited for some time. Lestrade fills them in on what is known: footprints from a man about five foot seven. Name Jennifer Wilson based on her credit cards. Found by some kids not long after she died. Scratched a word into the floor with her fingernails as she was dieing.
Clearly, the blond had attracted and kept friends for years even with minimal attention paid to them. Mike Stamford had not seen John Watson in years yet treated him as if they were good friends, and there were a few comments on his one-line blog posts from people very willing to reach out and help the struggling man. Yet, he showed every indicator of deep loneliness. Clearly John Watson was depressed to the point of being nearly suicidal, though he was still fighting hard against the impulse, and that may account for part of the symptoms of loneliness on display. Physically he was short and fair, the first hints of prematurely gray hair shining very obviously in the unflattering fluorescent light when they first met, blue eyes that shifted from dull to sharp in an instant given certain stimulus, clearly recovering from illness but solid and really rather handsome -
"No, she was leaving an angry note in German! Of course she was writing Rachael, there is no other word it could be," Sherlock shouted back. "Why did she wait until she was dying to write it?"
"I thought you said Sherlock left."
Sherlock demonstrates exactly that ability when the plainclothes sergeant Donovan and the forensics lead Anderson greet him with open hostility. John assumes there is a lot more evidence than scuffed knees and deodorant, possibly related to a history of behavior Sherlock has seen over his acquaintance with the pair, to support the accusation that they are having an affair. The delivery was a bit hostile, but so was Anderson calling Sherlock's ability magic tricks and Donovan calling him a freak without any provocation. That they didn't even look at John more than half a second then asked Sherlock to explain his presence as if John was a leashed dog, and then didn't even try to talk to John to get their answers after Sherlock's flippant dismissal, was more than a little demeaning. The two were certainly making a foul first impression.
"It was poison," Sherlock corrected.
"Do a lot of drugs, Sherlock 'olmes?" the cabbie asks. That is an odd question.
Sherlock gets his thoughts back on track.
"'Piss off'!" Sherlock scoffs, and they share a bit of a laugh. Well, it could be a little invasive, John supposes, and if Sherlock felt like it he could probably air people's dirty laundry quite easily.
Just before the pill reaches Sherlock's mouth a gunshot rings out. The window behind the cabbie shatters as a bullet impacts his chest, then goes through his body and smashes into the wall behind Sherlock. As the cabbie slumps forward onto the table, dropping his pill, Sherlock drops his own pill and scrambles back onto his feet in shock. Staring down at the dead man for a moment, he then hurries over to the window as police sirens begin to sound outside. Down in the street another police car screeches to a halt. Inspector Lestrade is prowling around his squad car, calling out to the other police officers already gathered.
"Why?" Lestrade asked.
"But not someone they knew?" John asks, and it does look like he is trying to work it out despite the continued failure.
"Dear god, really?" Donovan gasped, which was rather unnecessary.
"Nothing wrong with your house, Mrs. Hudson, which is more than can be said for the dead serial killer on the first floor," Sherlock assures her.
"D'you think I'm bitter?"
"Actually, do you know what? Um, ignore me." The slight verbal fumbling annoyed Sherlock, but he was still recovering from an Ordeal and could be excused. He was also extremely distracted by the deductions flowing rapidly through his brain as the events of the evening came together into a beautiful tapestry of cause and effect. A soldier, a doctor, a flirt... and a war hero. There was no reality where John Watson hadn't earned some sort of accolades, and it was illegal to sell such things. It did happen, of course, in pawn shops and other places of ill repute, but surely John had not been so desperate for money. It would be in his things when he moved in, hidden in a shoebox or the like the same way he hid his deadly accuracy under that cuddly jumper.
"Two-two-one B!" Sherlock pleads, a exact duplication of the actions of the entitled idiots he'd gone to Uni with, stumbling a bit against the side of the cab.
John clarified. Well, that confirmed that the "William" business is a touchy issue.
"Well, he could have waited for me to staunch the blood flow before he started playing twenty questions, but getting the story was more important to him. It wasn't just the one idiot, either. I've never met anyone in the business who wasn't a little rabid when offered a story, even if they were just the daytime telly sort. It's all a bit of a reach without something solid, but that would be a good way to get a woman dressed as posh as that into a place like this, wouldn't it? The lure of a scoop. She didn't have a phone on her, which I can't exactly cast stones over. She might have dropped it along the way or maybe she's a bit old fashioned about her work," John supposed, pointing vaguely at the notepad he kept in his pocket at all times. "A notebook or tape recorder? Whatever she had, if she knew she was coming up here for something not quite above board she might have dropped it on the way, or the killer did. Bit of a breadcrumb."
"Made him one, really, I mean what else can you get for him that he would really enjoy? I set the whole mystery up. He's nearly done performing the autopsy now," John explained, stepping back to let the three police officers in. "It's, well, I didn't think he'd want to share, but if he texted you. Come on up, I was just about to make some nibbles. You know how he is about eating when on a case."
Four months later, Sherlock replaced the battered side table that sat next to John's armchair with a custom one with a glass cabinet for a base. He carefully folded the reassembled crochet skeleton inside in a crouching position with its hands tacked up as if bracing the tabletop. He presented this to John to commemorate the anniversary of Sherlock's return from the dead, excited that it could be properly on display while being protected from stains and incidental damage. John tried to argue that it wasn't intended to be a displayed piece of artwork, but Sherlock managed to convince him that the yarn man was now part of their decor with an argument that relied heavily on the fact that John could not see Mr. Cotton at all when seated in his chair as long as there was something on the table, and there was always something on John's side table.
"I'm sorry?" Sherlock prompted, turning back to see the smug look on the detective's face.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yes. Yes! Exactly!" Sherlock says excitedly. How could John understand so perfectly and still be so confused?
At the current moment, Sherlock should have been sitting back in the cab quietly and letting the facts of the case stew in his mind so he would be able to immediately sort through the contents and condition of the pink suitcase for further evidence when he reached his flat without missing anything. Instead, he was asking John about being cold despite it being incredibly obvious extraneous data he could do nothing about while his brain replayed the older man's casual and honest praise looking for the exact stimulus required to make John do it again as often as possible whenever convenient. His inability to process John's pleased reactions had the happy exclamations looping through his mind with nowhere to settle. He found himself carefully filing away the relatively useless trivia about the weather patterns in Afghanistan and trying to recall how long it takes a body to acclimatize to different environments. He noted that John had not taken leave in Britain during winter in years, meaning he'd not been home for the holidays in some time. Sherlock recategorized the trouble between John and his family to a higher level of dysfunction, with the possibility of no living family beyond Harry. For all their problems, Sherlock and Mycroft still spend a few hours together with their parents at Christmas and their respective birthdays for tea or dinner. To distract himself, and possibly John, from any emotional implications he pointed out the physical comfort the fireplace in 221B would provide.
"I never said you couldn't come up," John reminded him gently and hurried to get back in his pajamas. Sherlock came up and slithered into bed next to him.
he is," Sherlock said with deep satisfaction.
"Yeah, he just took off. He does that," the woman says with a bit of malice.
kind of..."
"Course I know."
"You're a doctor." John looks over to the doorway expectantly. With the way the man assumes things, like how it is perfectly obvious that he will get the bedroom with the shorter climb and that John would agree to move in to this flat with him before John had even seen it, he doubts the man is prone to stating the bleeding obvious without significant cause. "In fact, you're an army doctor."
"Who's that, then?" John says and points. He turns back to the caustic woman and loses his temper for the second time today. "Fuck it. I get that you and Anderson think you don't need his help and don't like him. I've served with plenty of assholes, and maybe you have good reason for not liking him, but greeting a specialist who your boss called in by calling him a freak and shitting on the person standing next to him just because they are in the blast radius of your hate isn't terribly professional. Fair's fair and all, but you didn't notice just shy of two meters of personified flamboyance shimmying up the side of a building instead of leaving. Maybe stop flirting with your co-workers and pay attention to the perimeter you are meant to be keeping, yeah?" As John is speaking Sherlock darts out of view.
"Oh, what now? I'm in shock! Look, I've got a blanket!" He brandishes the sides of the blanket at Lestrade as if to prove it.
"Sorry, mate, off duty," the cabbie says politely.
"Good news for London; bad news for your carpet," he says and starts to walk away. She'd calm down as soon as she saw the minimal damage and realized that everyone was fine. "Good night, Mrs. Hudson."
I strode over and sat heavily beside him, all but throwing the volume onto his chest. As his feet were then draped elegantly — I should say childishly or impolitely, but as he well knew, I found it familiar and endearing, as I found nearly everything about him — over the arm of our sofa, the sudden arrival of my mass on the seat-cushions served to jostle his head into my shoulder.
‘You…’
Heart rate, adrenalin, respiration arrhythmic  – phantom pain at the incision site –
For the first time in what felt like hours, Sherlock felt like he could take a complete breath. Like he was glimpsing the possibility of ceasing to be a shadow that loved John, and returning to his existence, switched back from sleep-mode.
‘Right,’ John agreed without agreeing, because that was not the worst thing he had to worry about.
The thought, occurring to John as it always had, had taken a moment to register as not so impossible. Not anymore.
was Ryder?’
‘John,’ Sherlock muttered sternly, finding the shell of John’s ear as John manhandled him fiercely out of his ridiculous posh dinner jacket and bloody
(2013).
Baker’s whole forehead wrinkled and deep cheek lines appeared triangularly around his wide, stern mouth, as he studied John’s face for humour. ‘I… I expect so.’
‘This is not an especially erogenous spot for you.’
A flashdrive was too obvious, too modern for the likes of medieval, macabre Gruener — and anyway electronic files were the stuff of too many hacks and scandals. So it had to be real, tangible, original.
‘Ah, ah, ah,’ she chided, sliding the gun fractionally over and up, away from where it had been staring directly into John’s chest to, he had no doubt based on the angle, the neighbourhood of Suze’s head. ‘I wouldn’t.’
The trouble with stab wounds was that you not only had to worry about what the blade actually hit — the big slice it took on the way in, and then again on the way out, usually leaving smaller, sometimes invisible cuts that critically undermined the structural integrity of veins and arteries, organ walls, muscle groups — but also, often worse, about the infection of a bad knife stirring up bacteria with a whole soup of fluids and tissues that were not meant to mix.
. A chance to get a bit of air, if nothing else.
pieces are incredibly disturbing reading, even now (
anyone else. And if you…’ He swallowed. ‘And I think once we
Alas. Such was the incompetence of human beings generally, proved daily.
‘Yes, John, you know the type: blonde hair and kevlar body suit and a silencer even you would envy.’
* * *
‘I need you to tell me everything you can that might get this man arrested and sent away for life.’
(He silenced the baser voice in his mind which suggested mawkishly,
self? Who the hell…’ And then it dawned on him, his expression shifting tectonically. ‘Oh, god. I know, don’t I.’
There was the new artwork directly across from their bed: a gift for John’s birthday, in museum-quality framing, of a drawing (ink on (Spanish, manuscript) paper, 1899) of a sagittal section of neural tissue, one that looked as good — indeed better, Sherlock and John agreed, than most things in the Tate Modern. (The Vitriol case, as he’d come to term it in his own files, had had the surprising upside of a becoming acquainted with several high-quality, albeit ‘disreputable’ art vendors. John had not asked, and so did not know how much it had cost to acquire the original work, nor indeed did he need to.) Originally, this had been the entire present, more than sufficient — John said afterwards — even for the first proper gift exchange of their romantic relationship. But, particularly after Sherlock’s birthday, he had felt a need to go above and beyond.
‘Right-o,’ sighed the cabbie.
On one particular Saturday, however, we both found ourselves installed at our rooms at Baker Street, each engrossed in the publications of some of our respective affiliated groups. I had just reached the end of one such monograph when Holmes immediately raised his voice.
In this, again, John was unique. Because John… John was closer to him than anyone. John had spent their entire first night
A series of clicks followed by a loud
(his tolerance was lower of late, but much as he might wish to deny it, he had a lifetime of practice, to say nothing of genes, as his baseline); nor, certainly, was he insensible either to the danger or to the siren call of vengeance upon a man he assuredly deemed ‘evil’.
‘I simply mean,’ Sherlock goaded, drawing himself up to his proper height because if John couldn’t forgive this, couldn’t move past it, then he had damn well better tell Sherlock now, in his brusque, plain words, and let Sherlock begin to sort out a life without him, ‘that you were apparently quite able to keep yourself
(It was always important to reinforce to Captain John Hamish Watson, MD, that everyone else’s names and other miscellaneous information were immaterial.)
Sherlock hummed an indistinct reply, his right foot dragging for a moment behind his left. John frowned. Had he hurt his ankle? No, he was putting weight on it; and, John thought over their day so far (Kent this morning, leaving just before dawn, then a train and otherwise uneventful walk among London’s millions of early commuters and eager tourists), when could he have twisted it anyway?
, then. Someone else: someone completely unknown to Gruener, or Miss De Merville, or conceivably any of their security staff. Someone with a strong enough moral centre to agree to do this on short notice—’
‘Go undercover, yes,’ Sherlock supplied, a little impatiently.
‘How do you mean?’
ready to tell them in no uncertain terms that he was not staying, not paying, and not interested in anger management courses or family counselling, when he saw their tall, underage waiter, holding out his well-worn coat.
‘Mycroft came on errand to keep us on the case.’ He lifted a finger and helped Flint off his shoulder and into her cage, where she stumbled briefly (she looked a pretty exhausted from the day’s excitement) before climbing to rest blearily on her perch. ‘I imagine she’ll be able to give us a better picture of her movements, and the staff’s, from last night.’
Snorting, John went back to his profoundly uninteresting homework. ‘You really do.’
‘Maybe, bug,’ he hedges, knowing he won’t remember. ‘Did Papa get upset?’
‘That was a bit hasty,’ Bradstreet conceded, glance pointedly flicking sideways to Peterson before returning. ‘In all the palaver last night… But it’s a police matter, and, of course, even with the private licensing laws…’ He coughed slightly as if to clear his throat. ‘And, I might say, it’s open and shut. Motive and opportunity. Would hardly be worth it for you. We’ll find the jewel once we get it all out of him, mark my words.’
Somehow, for some reason as yet unclear, that struck a nerve: John’s expression tipped from mild wariness to outright suspicion.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘And how’s Mary?’
Through the muffled down of the pillow, Sherlock’s voice drawled, ‘The internet, I am given to understand, provides few things in variety so well as sexual paraphernalia.’
The flat, toneless way Sherlock delivered this offer collapsed over him with the strength of a tidal wave. He – these words were more than resigned: they were
’Is this meant to be
‘Exactly my problem!’ Baker confirmed. (Sherlock, the utter
Maybe that — John looked crushed by this, and Sherlock couldn’t possibly suss out
on keeping even though he worries it makes him the scandal of her play centre,
Thank you SO much -- honestly. thank you. -- to everyone who read, liked, commented, etc. It makes me giddy and self-important and GOD knows I need more of that. As to [Part 3], it's coming along very much at its own speed. But if the length (and *rating*) of the first two chapters is any indication, I expect it will come out all right.
Taking out his phone, Sherlock scrolled through a variety of society tabloids, getting a sense of Violet De Merville (Gruener’s fiancée and their purported charge) and how they might accomplish Damery’s task of separating the lovebirds. Considering the personal experience he had acquired in just the last twenty-four hours, it seemed the most effective way would be to let them be themselves and drive each other apart: so often the catalyst for a breakup (and from there, if previous patterns were any indicator, a murder).
The gatekeeper could not have entered so silently – heavy-footed, dazed, several minutes behind what was going on –
‘No,’ she frowned, a perfect upside-down smile that made her look, again, like a character out of a children’s book. ‘I, er — I ended it, actually.’
John’s head popped up to stare at the ceiling, furious, because the fake moustache, now stowed in under-the-sink drawer, had been perhaps his only contribution to the whole sodding plan and honestly, if Sherlock was going to pick him up on it now of all fucking moments, to score points in the contest of ‘who wore it better?’, John was going to need to go for a long walk away from his own temper.
because Sherlock had been able to ignore the ghastly sounds of their bodily fluids, the cars and pedestrians on Baker Street, the blare of terrible morning chat shows bleeding up through their floorboards; but his wandering thoughts included other sexual situations they could undertake at a later date (other acts they could try, things Sherlock had tried and disliked immensely, but that he would try again without hesitation if John asked), had pictured other people with whom he had performed this act in the past, something he was given to understand was tantamount to infidelity.
could see — and — and Sherlock hadn’t even finished putting his violin case away.
He looked at Sherlock’s face properly for the first time in almost eleven hours, since they’d wheeled him out of the operating theatre and on a trolley-bed down the corridor past John, insisting (while preventing him from following) that he could see him once he was settled in a room. One lock of hair was stuck to his forehead, an inky
Emerging from his inward reflection, he found John was grimacing more deeply now. ‘Would you know her again, if you saw her?’
John would kill him, he would bloody murder him, if Sherlock had snuck out in the
The light from the street shone on the open cardboard box, bursting with — he lifted the spines — ten copies, all in pleasingly attractive glossy jackets spelling out, ‘
John kept silent as the man swallowed, his arms wilting to his sides.
The startled blinks and eventual self-conscious nod (and the blush that went with it! He never thought he’d see the day!) were apparently all the answer he was going to get, but he felt suddenly swamped with feeling. Right. Not his first time. But
, was the reason Sherlock felt a sharp drop in his chest and a flutter beneath his left pectoral muscle. Because Sherlock was unquestionably a better person (kinder, more patient, more selfless – he had done
* * *
He rolled, practiced, into sitting, pushed his head between his knees. He nearly choked on cool air in burning gasps; he managed not to be sick on his own feet. Only just.
‘Friend with a drugs trafficking conviction, was he?’ Sherlock pressed. He was pushing too hard – he could tell already that, pathetic as he was, Ryder was no crooked mastermind; had no criminal record (or he would hardly have been hired at the hotel in the first place); and, worst of all, had allowed sentiment to blind him, to overtake his reason and lead him, like every other idiot on the planet, to do something catastrophically
John snorted (impressed, as was Sherlock) and – with a last flicked glance at Sherlock – descended.
‘Sher–’
Fractionally Holmes smiled, his eyes sliding down to my hands, which no doubt had become fervent accomplices to my cause as I got, I confess, quite swept up in the proving of my point. Hands, it struck me, that had caressed the wings of his shoulders and the locks of hair falling like ivy tendrils across his forehead, grasping at once the fragility and the strength of him.
The clatter of his footsteps, the shuffle of wings beating against the cage, avian clicks, and the
Thankfully, John laughed, and Sherlock loved him so distractedly he shut his eyes and was glad there wasn’t an afterlife, since they would not have gone to the same place, and in any event there was nothing better than John’s touch and his forgiveness (however temporary) and his wish to be with him for no reason other than wanting it.
surging to his furthest extremities. It almost hurt, how good it was, being kissed by John, kissed like John was going to keep him here, uncomfortably pinned between the edge, where kitchen met living room, and John’s hard insistent body, and he
‘Well this is hardly some South Bank motel!’ Cusack huffed, though she had to call at Sherlock’s back as he ducked into the closet, then loo, then bedroom. ‘We stay at the Cosmopolitan for just this sort of reason! They’re supposed to vet their staff more thoroughly, considering what kind of clientele they seem to expec–’
Gaping for a moment at the jest that had now overflowed to sincere grievance, I wondered at his charge. ‘I was, I confess freely, approving of the speech made by Mr Morris to the Society some ten years ago, Holmes, but I was not… not experiencing anything like that…’ I hunted for an apposite word, ‘—
John breathed somewhere half-between a laugh and an exasperated sigh, and nodded. Then –
‘Gruener is a
Then he rolled his hips, carefully, and Sherlock breathed John’s name, as though to prove he was still paying attention.
Leaping onto the landing and striding through pompously, Sherlock declared in his well-practised tone of triumph, ‘As I anticipated, you liked this concert—‘
Sherlock had rolled away (onto what would be his side of the bed, except they never
anybody had climaxed even once, never mind again and again — that was the stuff of
Sherlock was currently reading the stack of newspapers all celebrating or reporting his ‘scrape with death’ after the ‘vicious attack’ from, apparently, a ‘jealous lover’ who was a ‘furious ex-wife of client’ and somehow also ‘criminal mastermind Moriarty’s henchman’ all rolled into one.
‘What!’ he exclaimed. Was that what he thought?
She raised her eyebrows politely. At least she’d finished chewing.
‘Then, if you wouldn’t mind signing a note to that effect – clients can be inconveniently litigious when it comes to lost property.’
Soundlessly, he crossed the threshold between the antechamber and the hall, thus breaching John’s sole injunction, at the very moment John – here, though like the rest of them all out of his eye-line – spoke again.
Rather than voice his surprise at Sherlock’s having gleaned these facts about people had only just met (‘nail appointments’ twice a week? How did she have time to grow more fingernails in between? And how did he know that Thaw had pet
Mrs Hudson arrived some time later, tutting at Sherlock standing still for no apparent reason in the middle of the kitchen gripping the back of the bar-chair. Unconsciously she moved around him and began tidying, giving him the opportunity to re-lock those memories in the depths of his memory.
John chose that moment to skate his slippery fingers between the crease of Sherlock’s arse — he didn’t give a toss if the man had been the butler or the secretary or the sodding ghost of Christmas past — and Sherlock sucked in a breath so fast he nearly choked.
Still wearing her teenagerish scarf, Molly bit her lip and visibly swallowed. ‘Right. Well. I suppose I’d better…’ She turned her gaze to the mountain of books and papers currently stacked on the partners’ desk. ‘Dive right in?’
A moment later, John’s face had broken into an expression of mingled guilt and fear, as he had released him, apologising, ‘Shit, I – Sherlock, I’m – I’m…’
of John —
‘Ugh,’ the man groaned, ‘
‘YES! Exactly! Understood!’ He was trying to retreat back into the kitchen, no doubt to his room –
, you – you don’t deserve to be alive!’
The unfortunate man blanched and wobbled – John noticed too, ‘
, and you expected the police to simply throw up their hands in despair? Even I don’t believe the Yard are that witless.’
‘Come
How Sherlock knew – how long he’d known – the right things, the things John had most desperately ached to hear, whether it had been the scuffs on John’s shoes or the fold of his wallet or the even-deepening furrows creasing his forehead or the way he sipped his tea that gave him away… How,
first time, at this, anyway. He wanted it to be good.
, he wonders,
?’ John murmured, clearly angling for the opportunity to ‘take it for a spin’, or whatever jargon idiots who salivated over motoring used this year.
‘You’re on my side of the bed.’
‘Oh, for fuck’s sake, Sherlock. You don’t get to play the caring nursemaid who came in for pity sex —’
‘Yeah, I’m on it, Sherlock, give us a second, all right.’ He toed off his socks first, then, since his actual pyjamas were all upstairs, stole a pair of flannel tartan bottoms from the familiar stack of folded laundry on Sherlock’s dresser (more evidence of Mrs Hudson’s magic behind the scenes while they’d been gone), and curled up on his side of the bed. All the while, the prickle on the back of his neck and the still-lurking shadow informed that Sherlock, fully dressed, hadn’t left the room.
wouldn’t,’ John pointed out.
A body on a slab — his body — his pallid face, his bared chest — hovers between them, begging to be deduced. A gash, only two or so inches across, cleaned up here for examination but with ugly edges, depth obscured at the surface level, catches his diffuse attention.
all day — thrill on it, the dangerous way the other half lives, no feather pillows or fancy cars or wigs and collars.’ She scratched at the wiry hair on her chin. ‘Not so thrilling when they’re messing with people that’s bigger and meaner than them.’
At some point in the midst of the hazy, vertiginous whirl of kissing (and hands roaming, teasing, snaking between pillows and tangled sheets), John pulled his mouth back far enough to say, thickly, ‘Did you want to go back to sleep?’
Without another glance, John vaulted up the stairs two at a time.
Chapter 17: Sherlock
composed of the blurry-close tableau of him. Said, in a murmur, ‘I’m never bored with you.’ The room itself seemed to be echoing the same words from another conversation, years previous. But Sherlock finally spoke the nettle-barbed point he’d been biting back since John’s declaration of several days ago:
. Maybe eventually they could discuss — or, realistically speaking, he could mull over and then wait to see how long it took for Sherlock to notice — whether he might want to cut back his hours. The cases brought in more money, anyway.
that dull brainwork,’ – John gritted his teeth, balled fingers digging into each other, but Sherlock careered on – ‘she had very little left to lose and a waning window in which to get even what pittance she could. There simply wasn’t time to inform you of developments until they were already in progress. I could hardly text you while you and Molly were impersonating people, “Dear John, do be careful, Gruener’s former lover may turn up and try to kill him. Best you try first. Hope no one else reads this!
proposed to her, so I can hardly imagine even if she
th time, that he had very much ended up with the better bargain of the two of them.
Then Sherlock’s hand rested lightly along his jaw, his callused fingers worrying the soft place below John’s left ear, and John fractured into a thousand pieces –
He tried to be glad he’d managed to admit it rather than feel sick, but he waited until his breathing was steadier before looking up. Sherlock continued his stunned silence. They were going round in circles.
‘Well. At least the one…’
through the fog of his own dizzying, disorientating
Immediately, Sherlock moved away from John and glided gracefully out the front door. Closing his eyes, John took a moment to breathe. He needed to stifle whatever bitter retort had welled up in his throat at being treated like he’d rolled in a dog turd. But of course, he had years of training, military and Holmesian, which had taught him to hold his peace until either asked or necessitated by danger.
) or Mycroft (oh god, couldn’t he have a moment’s
‘Are you coming tonight, then?’ he called distractedly, opening the letters.
‘Cows,’ Rosie mumbled into his shoulder. ‘I want to see da cows, Dada.’
There are at least two houses, superficially merely crack dens but in reality pornography mills and human trafficking hubs, where he takes them. He records his memories directly after, and keeps a photographic portrait of some kind from each episode. In several instances, he has instructed one of his victims to read the previous entry until he becomes aroused, at which point he.’ Sherlock swallowed. ‘He conducts the assault. Many of them are drugged. A few of them had previously consented to be photographed, or filmed. More than a few were refugees, or certainly of dubious immigration status, and intending to save enough money to stay or send funds back to family members. None of them has yet been induced to testify in any capacity against him.’
contradiction: it should have caught someone’s eyes (Sherlock was furious with himself already) sooner.
Sherlock immediately hands her over.
‘Bow Street police station,’ he barked, climbing in.
He was, he estimated, about 99% sure he had now crossed the line from just interested/turned on by Sherlock to actually
‘Aren’t you the man who told me, “beauty is a construct based entirely on childhood impressions”?’
. And to this John had fitted himself dexterously and repeated, in essence, the same declaration he had made the night before the 797 days of hell they’d spent apart:
(So too arose the possibility, as argued the Mycroft-schooled voice of plumbeous, logical disinterest in his mind, that John wanted her for
‘You’re one to talk,’ John huffed — had he? He supposed that might have been aloud.
‘And you knew him… from an investigation?’ John attempted, to prevent Sherlock having to engage more with this topic than was absolutely necessary.
‘John.’
‘You have no idea how amazing you are,’ John breathed into his ear, pulling aside his suddenly unbuttoned shirt to mouth at the same spot on his neck as before, and Sherlock opened his eyes and stared at the ceiling for lack of knowing what else to do. ‘I’m sorry, about – earlier.’
‘Christ.’ John did laugh this time, staring at Sherlock’s embarrassingly erect penis and biting his lip. Sherlock, unable to help himself, instinctively placed his palms on the tops of John’s thighs, then looked up at him. ‘That’s…’ John’s cock twitched, and he shivered. ‘That’s a good idea, yeah, thanks.’
, so familiar Sherlock’s mouth filled eagerly with more saliva as his groin gave a swoop of pleasure so sudden he felt momentarily sick.
, just as it was fine yesterday, and yes you can verify that for yourself later as you will
) taken up a heavy lattice-patterned carved wooden box and, in two steps, smashed Suze in the temple with it – she staggered (concussion? internal haemorrhage?) and brought both hands to her blood-streamed face, dropping the gun – Gruener went towards it with hands outstretched – John raised his gun – Suze opened her hands – not dust, not a bomb – and, with smears of blood along her fingers, threw the opened phial of liquid towards Gruener, who
He went, unhurried, through his evening routine (it felt much later, the drag of his eyelids protesting as though it was 4am and not quarter-to-midnight, not least for the muscle-memory of the post-case replacement of his gun from his jacket pocket to the bedside drawer).
The queue at Pret was ridiculously long. Whatever anyone said about the quality of food on a base, at least you knew… He smirked at his own rosy-tinted glasses. No — things were just as liable to hold-ups over stupid human error there as here. There just tended to be more laughs over lunch. (Well, that, or iron-barred silences.)
‘You returned surprisingly early from such an important dinner, Madam,’ Sherlock was inquiring, not touching his meal. John settled into his role of silent listener and forked a mouthful of his (no doubt hideously expensive) spinach quiche.
‘Wouldn’t have put you down for mountain climbing,’ John admitted, sipping from the thermos of tea gratefully.
— the train
He was staring blankly at the tray of Keflex in the supply cupboard. He really shouldn’t text Sherlock. They could go a few hours without each other. And besides —
Brushing a quick kiss over Sherlock’s softened brow, John sighed regretfully, then (for the
In the dim quiet, John knew his room was exactly the same. His bed was mussed from where he’d floundered in his nightmare. The contents of his pockets sat still on the tall dresser. It was cool but, well, the window hadn’t been shut that long. Yet with his heart hammering almost out of control (in part from running up the stairs and in part very much not), John felt suddenly strange. The room seemed …
‘That’s
‘Many happy returns, Stamford,’ Sherlock intoned warmly, hoping that his lowered voice would become contagious and the rest of the room might lower its decibel range substantially. (Doubtful.)
He had, a little accidentally, said the big one — the three words he had said to Mary, to Hanna in Kabul and to Janet from uni (on holiday in Egypt), even to Marianne, his first — and meant it more this time, in the hazy early sunlight of a September morning, with a man who had broken his heart for almost 800 days, and who drove him mad on an hourly basis, than he had even known it was possible to do.
‘I feel like the Bride of Frankenstein,’ Molly muttered breathlessly, uncomfortably shifting her weight from one (£217.50) black patent-leather Ferragamo court to the other.
Sherlock’s mouth quirked. He took it.
Another day, then: definitely. Prove Irene wasn’t the only person who could make Sherlock Holmes beg for mercy — twice.
to it? — had been more perceptive than she knew, Harry lapped up the last salted gourmet toast. He pushed away his slightly-dented salad. ‘Ta. Do you know what you’re getting?’
(Was this it, then? This objectively, utterly unimportant case – this one night, just a handful of hours – and the fragile trust and… and more, the nascent fledgling
)due deference, more casual than a salute and far more versatile), then headed his favourite direction: towards the kettle. ‘Make yourself at home.’
Queuing up behind him, Molly nearly bumped into him when he turned around, holding out her hands before jumping as though he’d trod on her toes.
CONTENT WARNING: mentions of canon-typical depressive and suicidal thoughts. Also: the rating is real, and getting realer.
Blinking next, he found Christopher turning on his front, and with a bolt of adrenaline and defiance John put his mouth and tongue to something so filthy he’d only ever known it existed from the one bit of gay born he’d ever bought. And Christopher had begged. Blood on fire, John at length obliged, pressing him up onto all fours and finding him wet to the touch and just ready enough to be able to take all of him in one fell swoop,
This morning had been a success, but to imagine that he could say ‘I love you’ and thereby
, he admitted, internally. But he was sure that John would be more than happy to demand what exactly he was sorry for, right here, in front of Mycroft and — in approximately one minute — their next client. The list would take longer than that.
. None. Of any kind.)
of his bedside lamp almost forced him to open his eyes, but the sudden warm shuffling of the body next to him, and presentment of two large feet to glance accidentally off his, made him keep his eyes shut. ‘As early as we consider convenient,’ Sherlock told him in an undertone. ‘There is a substantial reward for returning the jewel.’
a flattering reflection on us all.’
That wonderful birthmark, just at the very bottom of Sherlock’s cervical/top of his thoracic vertebrae, sang in contrast to the unnatural healing miracle of Sherlock’s body: this piece of his skin had been there from the start. John kissed it next, letting his lips linger there reverently, never mind how cliché it was, or if Sherlock was itching for him to get on with it. His brow dragged down and remained there, catching his breath, soaking up the telltale scent of sweat meeting sweat. His eyelashes fluttered enough to make Sherlock shiver again.
‘Chaos!’ marvelled his sister. ‘New clients all with more money than sense, but at least that means we keep things
Sitting a bit uncomfortably, John had turned to stare across, wondering if it was only the weird proximity of his left hand to Sherlock’s spine that made it feel very late all the sudden. Only a few moments after, when Sherlock had finally, still tensely rolled to face him, did John stop holding his breath.
way to administer medication! — he had swallowed then looked at John. ‘Do they teach you about this in medical school?’
He ascended the thick concrete stairs, John taking his time after him as acrid fumes wafted up from the closed basement below.
‘Sherlock?’ He rapped on the door, but pushed it fractionally open without waiting.
John hadn’t moved back, only a few inches (a breath) of space between them; Sherlock felt crowded, overstimulated, suffocated by his implacable
at those soft crow’s feet for
Comments and feedback generally give me life. Other than that: Happy New Year -- ie, Happy Oh God I Can't Look But I Can't Not Look.
, got in.’ John grinned. ‘Says he’ll he round at half-six to collect his bird.’
The notion had first struck him a few weeks later, when he visited Sherlock’s grave, the millstone tripping up his feet like a meddlesome cat, whether he could stretch himself out on the no-longer-freshly turned earth and simply sink down through it like mud. Whether that would feel like rest. Restart reality.
‘Tomorrow,’ he insisted, stepping forward to soothe Sherlock’s indignation with another slow kiss.
Sherlock made an indifferent, ‘Hmm?’ to that, since he had
'By the time he eventually reached the Cosmopolitan, he was almost glad Sherlock wasn’t to hand either for him to clock or to snog. Fortunately he had a meeting with a supermodel so he didn’t have to decide just now.'
Sherlock’s clusters of deductions were swerving, coalescing into a clearer picture of what they were dealing with.
Did she want kids? She dated. Was dating. She worked loads, but as she’d pointed out in crystal clear tones last night, she kept a barrier between work and home life. Maybe she wanted to travel instead? It was all too easy to picture her volunteering in some clinic in South Sudan or Thailand or somewhere, making do with the resources on hand. Come to that, she could probably have hacked the army, if she’d had a bit of training. He hadn’t yet seen her fazed by anything except… well, Sherlock.
Between that patient and flicking on the signal for the next, though, he found the internal conversation ready and waiting to fill the silence: How was he meant to keep in his mind at all times that he was
‘Chips?’ he asked, holding out a hand.
And Christopher managed, gone though he was, to give him a run for his money, held John there on the threshold of his climax for an
‘Emailed him just before you, er,
John laughed, though, scrubbing his face sharply and extricated himself for good, trying and failing to surreptitiously adjust himself in his trousers.
She nodded fondly, then stifled a small cough, which unfortunately set off the bird into a full rheumatic fit.
An hour later, empty stomach cramping and left leg asleep, he was reconsidering his foliaceous allegiances.
Thus: John was planning on getting himself/Sherlock/them/someone a dog. He either knew Sherlock knew and was playing with him, or was slightly inept at keeping secrets from him. (Equally plausible.) But he was, for now, for the most part, intending either the arrival of a specific dog or the launch of the conversation about really getting a potential one to be a secret.
* * *
Sherlock boggled. Did he
They carried on trading messages in snatches when John waited for his next patient to return from the loo. Only when he peered down at his screen mid-sentence at handing over the paperwork they needed signed by the droning middle-aged insurance salesman who had done a number on his elbow by smacking it on a roulette table over the weekend (which also went a ways to explaining his gaunt face and edginess about paying for pain medication), did he see something that surprised him.
‘Sorry, what was that?’ John couldn’t help but be smug. Rather than removing pressure, his fingertips prodded Sherlock open, a wholly surreal experience that made his blood feel like it was rioting, fit to burst through his skin — Sherlock squirmed, and John had to bite his lip to keep from groaning at the sight of his fingers, two at once, nudging
‘What?!’ He couldn’t help it, even though it was too loud for the hour and for the sleep of certain people nearby — positively lost it and kept going, wiping his eyes and just imagining Molly having to explain to the assistants and the doctors and the family what she’d found, asking whether it was relevant, whether anyone had noticed it before.
‘Pearls,’ she muttered, more to herself than him. With a look of steeling herself, inhaling deeply through her nose, she nodded. Then, looking out the window with the tightness of her jaw gone rigid, she clipped, ‘Mr Hill, will you please hurry up and open this door? I have an appointment.’
‘I find that is often the case, yes,’ Sherlock agreed in a put-upon deadpan, sounding much more himself than this morning. ‘John, do come in and join us.’
Chapter 5
and therefore out of bounds.
Evening was falling with deceptive gentleness over the city. The atmosphere in the car sobered with each passing mile.
John frowned approvingly. He — wasn’t sure what he had expected. Maybe he’d been in command positions too many times to trust that things always got done right just because he said they should. ‘And you’ve spoken to her about the prostitution ring? She probably doesn’t know anything more specific but…’
‘I didn’t lie –’
John blinked. ‘She left a priceless gemstone out in the open…’
. And all day I was wondering what that face this morning had twigged in my head even though I couldn’t put my finger on it, and eventually I got there. So. Let’s have it. What happened to her?’
And now he was offering himself – the whole ridiculous truth of him – to John. Even had the night not already been a long one for testing the mettle of his soul, this alone would have bowled him over.
‘Well, where did you think it came from!’ she laughed.
. This is not some
But then, Paris had been awful — too much time together in too-close quarters, and they couldn’t agree what to see or when to eat — and they’d come back on rocky footing with each other.
John stayed by his side for the whole ten days. When he left the room, it was either to give Sherlock privacy for a sponge-bath (nonsense: John had seen him naked; yet Sherlock could not help but appreciate it) or to collect food from the (miserably bland) cantine (though Molly had, true to form, been far more successful at sneaking several kinds of takeaway into their room under the aromal misdirection of more flowers). New clothes appeared for him (Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft) regularly; he used the en-suite, despite the fact that a proper nurse’s station shower was offered to him (only after-hours, so none of the other patients would request such a suspension of normal procedure; Sherlock, when John finally helped him — having removed his bandages — into the shower on the eighth day, was not even given another option); John repeatedly ignored calls from his sister, but took them from Lestrade, his supervisor at the surgery (to say he’d ‘had a personal emergency’: Sherlock’s lip-reading was perpetually crucial), and even from the publisher for whom he was now contracted to write his book. This last was a call extending more than ten minutes, going over the reasons John would not be making his first editorial meeting and the ways he could get his manuscript into a viable form before the now-delayed next appointment. Their laptops appeared shortly after this conversation (Mycroft).
) forthcoming with Sherlock’s enquiries, or at least offered a hint of his own.
‘Fuck,’ John muttered, as Sherlock shakily all but ripped John’s boring typical wonderful chequered shirt and even more boring, more contoured, more wonderful thin white vest
proportional to its amusements. ‘What if you accidentally leaked information! A member of the upper echelons of government, no less. Perish the thought!’
‘Good,’ he replied, not looking remotely relieved. ‘As it happens, I’m concerned right now with what happened today. You found this out from, who? Your homeless network?’
of his crimes.’
, of all ridiculous times and places, was
Ducking his head, a grimace of something like regret spilled into the lines around John’s eyes, and Sherlock couldn’t think of anything past the blinding rush in his ears of John whispering his name with such fervour as they lay beside one another putting off the rush of the morning, newly remade in the impresses of each other’s bodies, awkward and malodorous and yet drawn to each other across continents and years and all statistical probability, so he could’t help himself enunciating the grounding fact of his life’s experience thus far:
him to death.’
, tell Bradstreet we’ll come round to see for ourselves in the morning.’ He jabbed the screen before tossing the mobile blindly to land wherever it might on John’s floor. (One of these days one of them was going to break a phone, the way they treated them.) Without preamble he crashed his mouth back into John’s.
Grabbing the condom none too carefully (well,
The row, if not entirely dissipated from the atmosphere in the room, was at least tabled enough for Sherlock’s head perked up with a look of
‘We need to go to the hospital.’
John smirked. ‘Yeah?’
Even so, he wasn’t in a mood to push his luck.
Meanwhile Sir James was blinking in apparent amazement that Sherlock was not a complete neophyte. ‘My word, Mr. Holmes. Your brother did say you were the sharp sort but… this is extraordinary. Quite extraordinary. But, Gruener has never entered a criminal courtroom?’
The hospital blanket was a shade of faded pink a bit like calamine lotion. Sherlock had got a burning skin rash just before he died by crawling through a suspect’s hedge searching for a paintbrush. He’d found it, eventually, of course, in a swath of nettles.
didn’t tell you to spend unnecessarily on dinner, so it’s hardly fair for you to be upset with
He shivered.
‘For what crime?’ Sherlock reminded him, and John felt almost unaccountably like he was going to be sick. He swallowed instead.
They dated for three months before, feeling awkward after that bad weekend in Paris, he had ducked into a jewellery shop in early March. For days he’d carried it around in his coat.
She laughed. ‘DIY for the rapist with a budget.’
He felt with dizzying certainty that Sherlock was cataloguing his every movement, hovering over and all around John to take in every ripple of gooseflesh and every aching twitch as Sherlock applied his hands broadly and with determination. As his thumb snagged John’s nipple he cried out; it felt like an electric shock to the tips of his hair.
Sherlock like any of his previous partners because this thing they had was so much more raw, so much more dangerous — but there were a few things Sherlock still had to learn from Capt. John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, and one of them was that seduction was his specialist subject, that he’d been waiting his whole life to have someone so —
Definitely flirting with him. The universe, he decided, didn’t play fair.
— the arms tugging him backward into the shadow of the brick-supported elevated track — he heaved and made to spring, heels over head, into a somersault to free himself, but got a thick and disorientating slam to the ear, and another (how many hands did the man have?!) to the gut, bruising instantly —
she ever decides she wants to be closer to her sister – boring, you’ll say, but, you’ll do it for sentiment, as usual. We could borrow your arsehole of a brother’s credit cards and take ourselves on holiday to Italy or Australia or someplace where you’d rush down before dawn to inspect all the best deck chairs and at night you’d run after some smuggler and we’d eat and shag and sleep with the window open and dance to slow music, because you love to dance. You could teach me. We’d ignore your brother’s calls asking how the hell we spent a hundred quid on an old-fashioned magnifying glass that
‘Right,’ Harry agreed, nodding sympathetically at whatever horrible unending nightmare of a conversation she was managing to carry on by herself. ‘And — I mean, I wasn’t going to say this if you’d stuck together, Johnny — but, well. She wasn’t exactly the nicest woman you’ve ever dated. There’s
The morning had been tense, Sherlock admitted as much to himself, but once again he was not to blame. John had fallen asleep the previous night with almost insulting speed, after not one but two orgasms in the space of as many hours, which (based on what little memory space was being wasted on the subject) Sherlock understood to be exceptional. Sherlock had managed very little sleep – and how could he, with every sensory organ absolutely packed with John
Ever a competitor, John faced himself squarely with the parrot balancing on the crook of Sherlock’s elbow, and intoned with deliberate purpose, ‘
“You could have an entire conversation during a meal break?  With the speed you type?”
Sherlock nods when John sets a cuppa next to him.
“Stop.  If you say ‘I deserved it,’ once more, you’re going to find out just what the ultimate punishment is.  You did
“Your pants are at the foot of the bed, under the sheet.”
“No offense meant,” Mike replied.
“It's OK if you don't.”  John positioned himself behind his own chair, facing Sherlock directly but giving them some distance.  “I told you earlier any of the options work for me.  It's all fine, and I mean that.”
Meaning, accounts.
Anyway, the fry-up was lovely, albeit with a twinge of regret that Sherlock wasn’t there to share the table, if not the food.  The rest of the morning was peaceful, and even as the radio silence from Sherlock continued through the afternoon, John wasn’t worried.  Sherlock’s texting holds in common with his post-case routine a tendency toward the poles of torpor or frenzy, rather than a more moderate, consistent pace.
Why it was easier lying down in the dark in their bed under a canopy of blankets pulled up over their heads, John has no idea, but it was, and they got quite quickly to the point, which was:
Sighing, Sherlock continued, “No. That’s the item I needed to get out of the way so you wouldn’t be worrying about it like you have for the last several minutes and could focus entirely on our discussion.”
‘Were you interested in the cage and effects of the first bird, Mr. Baker?’
‘Morris, though I am no great devotee of either his textiles nor his politics, undeniably feels what he says here. And I suppose,’ I considered, watching as Holmes regained his seat, this time with his body invitingly angled towards mine, ‘to feel the fervour of that feeling after ten years, as though he were in the room…’
taste of proper burning vice, accepting the offer might lead to Gruener handing him
‘Sherlock,’ he tried to say, his voice a disaster, ‘Sherlock,
[*It's worth noting that this chapter's epigraph comes from a harrowing, deeply personal account by academic Claire Jarvis about her mental health following her pregnancy and birth of her child. I urge you, if you feel even mostly up to it, to go read her incredible reflection on this stuff, here :
It was not entirely pleasant to recount, convoluted as it had become in his memory with the surgery and his own Mind Palace and the tumult of other information connected to his attack, but:
‘Papagena! Papagena!’ crowed Ovid.
, no wonder he killed himself, if this is the standard of artistic merit in this country!’, had earned him a slap from Mrs Hudson (of all people!) and a stony silence from John for almost three days. Only when he apologised to John and, in John’s presence, their landlady, had normal domestic relations resumed.
The sleeping man was, he had to admit, filthy. The knitted cap of Mr Hugh Boone, acclaimed itinerant spoken-word poet of the City, might once have been brown, or blue, or even orange, but appeared to have mouldered into crusty flakes above the man’s ears; the distinct smells of sweat, bitter smoke, and the muddy fishy tell-tale whiff of the Thames combined with the drunk tank’s almost tangible stench of vomit, alcohol, and piss. His no doubt stinking breath rattled in phlegmatic wheezes through his famous facial atrocity: his mangled lip. John cringed involuntarily. The straining, discoloured skin, if it had ever been stitched where it was cut, had healed poorly, a violent gash travelling up from Boone’s mouth to mottled forehead and (beneath his hat) possibly upwards to his cranium. He was lucky the site hadn’t become infected.
Sherlock went to go fetch his thick coat (though why he bothered, in this weather, John felt sure was almost entirely down to stubbornness).
‘HOW,’ John’s voice hitting the ceiling with enough force to puncture it, ‘is this my fault?’
‘Whatever he’s got on you,’ he said, dropping his character and speaking as he did to the distressed and the desperate who came through their door, ‘whatever you’ve done — I can help you.’
‘Yes,’ she admits, bright blue eyes frank and open and suddenly—briefly, he knows—clouded with the faint memory of past unhappiness. ‘He yewwed at me and he hurt my arm!’ She thrusts it out towards him for inspection.
He was rambling, he knew, and he wasn’t even sure Sherlock was interested, sitting still and almost vacant, his mouth in a stern tight line. He might not even be listening, John thought with a cold ripple down his spine.
Rain begins to pour down over him.
‘Eventually,’ John muttered, sighing into his hair, ‘we should consider trying to have sex when no one needs to apologise.’
On the landing outside his door, however, he halted. His bedside lamp was on. Suddenly holding his breath, he crossed his threshold and found Sherlock, in his steel blue pyjamas, propped against John’s headboard, his toes nearly reaching the end of the wide bed. In his hands was a plate with a mostly-eaten sandwich.
Sherlock’s face had taken on the cold, aloof mask it donned whenever the passionate violinist and petulant child became the genius detective, icy and off-limits. Standing outside on a – he thought for a moment – Friday in late July, with the city vibrating with life around them, John considered the surreal possibility that he had indeed made the entire evening up. Made up the smell of Sherlock’s sweat where it gathered in the hollow of his neck and collarbone; made up the feeling of his calluses on John’s ribs; made up the
) would have picked for himself. And forced was very much the extent of it, considering, as he had verified later, how much it cost: well more than he’d ever bothered on hygiene products, for any girlfriend or family member, never mind for himself. Which was, he reckoned, the none-too-subtle point:
‘… Anyway, there’s no convincing some people, is there? Don’t want t’be told, do they.’
‘But where are my manners! Can I offer you something? A cup of tea?’
Both John and Sgt. Challa gave him glassed-over looks.
But these last few weeks had taken a special toll, almost steeper than the price of Sherlock’s return – perhaps (almost certainly) connected – and somehow the case itself had dwindled in Sherlock’s interest in contradistinction to the enigma of how they could possibly go on taking cases if John – if they both – could not control their emotional responses to letting the other near to danger.
It was a good opera, as these things went. Sherlock had spied, John had prevented him from toppling unsubtly over a balcony, and the fat lady had sung (he thought, very well). No one had been shot or had a drink thrown in their face (onto what was probably a hideously expensive rented tux). He’d even liked the music enough to buy the CD (though the specky kid at the merchandise stall had looked pityingly at him and asked if he didn’t want to ‘download it for his tablet, with a digital booklet, for half the price?’). They had snogged the whole ride home. All in all, a successful evening.
‘Are pregnant women not considered attractive?’
-overwhelmed in comparison to his usual frantic tornado.
He took the envelope and pocketed it wordlessly, then stood, fighting the surreal, ingrained urge to bow. Lady Morcar rose too, and followed him to the door.
Sherlock met John’s eyes then rolled his own. ‘
I'm sure there's more but I should leave well enough alone. Thank you so much to everyone who read, liked, commented, or in any way interacted with this story — or who, in the future [from now] does so after it's no longer a WIP. This site does a lot for me, and I hope this fic has done anything for you.  An ode to broken things. x
—‘ John caught him in a knowing smirk — it
He brushed that off with a ghost of a smile, because Sherlock was a genius but also very much a git.
All this brought a vivid, gruesome reminder of the reality of case before them. John looked again at Sherlock, who, he found, was watching him with something like sadness.
for Sherlock. Whereas John had, from his arrival, taken vicious pleasure in the fact that he, and no one else, got to be the one standing beside Sherlock at crime scenes, press conferences; was the one who got to tell the stories of their adventures, and receive Sherlock’s mockery for the telling. He’d never consciously enjoyed having what Molly didn’t — he hadn’t even thought of himself as ‘having’ Sherlock in a way that Molly could, at least straightforwardly, resent or envy. And yet here he was, the one wearing a burgundy-coloured dressing gown that wasn’t his own, and Molly had cancelled a date with someone she was more or less indifferent to.
‘If you wish it, I shall do so,’ she conceded diplomatically. ‘And of course,’ she turned and picked a sealed envelope off the side-table to her left, ‘my gratitude has more direct implications for yourselves.’
of this moment sent a chill down Sherlock’s spine that had nothing to do with riot of cries and chaos around them. John’s expression… Sherlock couldn’t fathom, couldn’t parse the shadow, the sudden flare of
‘What’s the worst that could happen?’ John asked dryly, in an undertone as he handed Molly into her coat (Helen von Furstenberg, several seasons old, gently worn – a familiar item, the sort that would suggest to Gruener, if he knew anything about it at all (unlikely) that ‘Dr Barton’ had not stumbled into money in the last few hours, but at least over the last decade).
Will *try* to keep to the twice-weekly posting schedule, but now that the teaching semester has started, and considering how long both revisions and formatting take, I can't entirely promise. But remaining chapters will be coming, as scheduled or otherwise.
‘Yeah, all right,’ John amended, ‘easier to have-in anyway. Can’t expect you to sit still for more than ten minutes anyway.’
‘No, you didn’t.’ He put both settings on the table, not meeting Sherlock’s frown. ‘Funnily enough, I wanted a proper dinner without having to cook, so I decided for the both of us.’
’ was suddenly in grave danger of being redrafted.
in ways that still made Sherlock, after all this time, itch eagerly then burn with guilt —  not yet ‘showing’ — emerged and, it seemed, put an end to the interview.
Halfway to his wardrobe, however, he found his attention drawn to the perfectly made-up bed (military training: ever the soldier) which nevertheless failed entirely to make him forget John’s words.
, for Christ’s sake) — it had apparently set him reeling from any kind of distraction, back to the admittedly life-or-death matter of the case.
‘Not a bird,’ preened Sherlock dramatically. ‘A rabbit.’
Wheeling around to argue, Sherlock saw John’s wry smirk, and sighed through his nose. ‘Meanwhile I have no leads about Henry Baker. I did instruct a few people from my regular network to post flyers around Goodge Street with Baker’s name and our emails to collect the bird tomorrow. It’s hardly as direct as if he’d left a watch or a hat, but we’ll see.’
John nodded, understanding enough of it — that the experiment could wait, but that his patience, his sanity, his ability to function, could not, or not much longer — to slide slightly and stand.
‘Gruener keeps a converted abbey in Kingston — the symbolism is appallingly tedious — while Violet has a flat in Covent Garden. Her own property, or, well, her family’s, but same thing, essentially. Trust fund.’
They definitely bloody would if they heard this, which they very definitely
Pulse elevated with frantic confusion, Sherlock took an automatic step to follow him, before freezing with the thought that John was distressed
He kissed him again, leaning into him greedily, his fingertips slipping to the top of Sherlock’s trousers.
After a taut-tense moment and arriving mentally at
(He had gathered these facts in two sleepless nights four years ago, pouring over Italian and German newspapers which all conspicuously refused to report more than a column on the drowning. (The boy, a violinist who had been a keen amateur sailor and the sole, merely partial, witness, had been found dead in his rooms at the music conservatory of an alleged overdose four days after the woman.) His ears prickled. He wondered if John was impressed.)
waved a hand up, like an idiot, but at least she was walking away. With the crawling sensation of not-quite-guilt disturbing his appetite, he didn’t know if he wanted lunch any more.
. And if it took him spending the next fifty years of his life telling people to mind their own fucking business, he could live with that.
such a tie, was certainly food for thought.
, John,’ Sherlock muttered, amused, but his hands were swiftly removing John’s shirt and belt and trousers,
In the corridor, he found himself staring at Sherlock’s closed door. Ah.
He thumbed around the edges of his silent mobile in his pocket.
myself free of it at convenient moments because there’s an “important” wedding or funeral or children’s birthday party to go to. People expect their partners to
‘I didn’t love her,’ he admitted, which was the first time he’d said that out loud. Retroactively he felt apologetic — he really should call Mary and make sure she was all right. They’d ended things a little ambiguously, just sort of drifted out of touch, which suddenly seemed strange since he’d damn near proposed to her.
‘It’s the nature of my work to keep abreast of the relevant news,’ he shrugged. ‘A not entirely uninteresting pastime.’
the unsolved ones.))
, he reasoned with himself. Still, the thought was tempting. Very tempting.
‘Of course,’ Baker agreed solemnly, as though asked to sign legally-binding agreements about the ownership of bird poop was pretty ordinary business. He skimmed the paper and scribbled his signature.
‘Inspector Bradst–’
of a very British inconvenience.
It was horribly endearing, Sherlock in a poorly concealed sulk about a parrot when they had a case – two cases, even – on. Even the thought of Sherlock concealing any kind of sulk was dizzying, particularly as John’s eyes couldn’t help but rake down Sherlock’s back hungrily… The clock on the bookshelf by the door ticked with deafening strokes after a full day of nonstop noise, and John exhaled with relief.
when he had to get to Guy’s, not when (‘
‘SO WHAT!’ John shouted.
In other words, John’s proposition was entirely consistent with their praxis. Nevertheless the tone in which he uttered it, the precise syntax… Something was slightly off. Health? No; family: no; work (cases, clinic, patients, medical… requirements [John wasn’t going away? Sherlock was relatively certain he would have committed that to memory by sulking, much though he would deny the label]: so, no.) Hm. That left only a few likely areas, namely…
Guffawing, he shook his head.
‘Couldn’t have picked a
‘And yet, somehow, this is insufficiently dissuasive for your current scheme of
realised my mistake:
Excellent. No wonder Sherlock enjoyed arguing with his brother so much: the man made it too satisfying, too necessary. Cathartic.
Cheating husbands? Lost pearls or lockets or something like that? I never hear about the good ones until well after they’re over —
He refused to turn or to stop — to deduce (beyond what he did automatically) — simply because John’s tone was one of amused exasperation. Surely this was better than shooting the walls (or shooting up)? He threw in an extra piercing trill just to retaliate.
‘So. Stick to the plan.’ John’s mouth was out of the frame of his reflection. Sherlock knew what it looked like, but didn’t dare turn around to see all of him again before… before they went into the house. ‘If it doesn’t go well, we storm out, we get in the car, and you drive us back. Got it?’
‘No, she wasn’t.’
, the deduction struck him with force,
Smirking, I turned the page over, searching for — yes: ‘“The fact is, a small book seldom does lie quiet, and you have either to cramp your hand by holding it, or else to put it on the table with a paraphernalia of matters to keep it down, a table-spoon on one side, a knife on another, and so on, which things always tumble off at a critical moment, and fidget you out of the repose which is absolutely necessary to reading. Whereas, a big folio lies quiet and majestic on the table, waiting kindly till you please to come to it, with its leaves flat and peaceful, giving you no trouble of body, so that your mind is free to enjoy the literature which its beauty enshrines.”’
Today, though? Was today the day for some reason? Not either of their birthdays. Was John getting
delighted me, and (though I blush to force the point) I believe at times that I delighted him.
‘William Sherlock Scott Holmes,’ he interrupted, because he had spent such a long time ensuring that the fewest number of people in the
‘Yes,’ he told him, because it was true.
That was an excellent question. ‘I’m… not certain. More likely if she smiled.’
‘The bins?’ Sure repeated, dumb-founded, trailing along behind him towards the screened alley/car park between what (he was 77% certain) was Gruener’s elite guest house (currently empty) and the incline of the elevated (over a brickwork infrastructure) tracks to their right. ‘You’re taking the piss.’
John laughed and, well, he was smarter than he looked, even when more than slightly tipsy, so he downed a glass of water (loudly: Sherlock could visualise each mouthful of water as it glugged past his Adam’s apple) and then deposited the empty glass on the counter with a harder-than-usual
heard a canine being shushed into the flat earlier that day, but that she had been too preoccupied with ‘baking’ (aka Mr Rosenthal, her new gentleman-friend) to find out more.
Waving a white hand in defeat, Hopkins shuffled off to report his and the Yard’s rampant incompetence. A weekly meeting, no doubt.
‘Not a word.’
Flexing his hand, John seemed to be struggling to put into words something deeply uncomfortable. ‘I just… I spent a long time wanting this — wanting a whole life with someone — but not knowing I could have it, with you. And now that I do…’
Thanks! x
‘I doubt she’ll be doing much modelling for a while,’ he suggested, feeling rather pleased.
, he couldn’t help thinking.
‘AH!’ Mycroft grunted, throwing his hands up to protect himself and dropping the umbrella, while John swung around in the kitchen, shouted inarticulately, and stepped forward (too late) to help, while Sherlock tried not to damage the bird, his violin, or this single instance of perfect cosmic retribution.
a gamble, you’re always a man to take a risk. You want to take it. And — John? Where are you going?’
‘John, you should know…’ Christopher gulped.
This seemed a painfully tragic view —
No. 113, John already knew, was a nondescript electronics shop, fitted in between a fairly dingy florist on its left and an indisputably dingy off-license on its right. As they approached it, Sherlock radiated his familiar brand of smooth invisibility, warding off wondering eyes with the sense that he both wasn’t there and that he might be there all the time. But something was off.
? In the pandemonium of things John was currently feeling, stress was decidedly absent. Horror slid into his stomach instead. ‘Christ, Sherlock, I don’t go around snogging people because I – I’m
‘Apart from the massive hole in his chest,’ John snapped, index finger gesturing helpfully towards the very puncture.
I could just go back to my flat. Obviously we’ll leave all the’ — she glanced around at the bomb site that had exploded in the sitting room and into the kitchen — ‘stuff where it is, for now. And come back in the morning. It wouldn’t have to be long, I’d be back as early as possible.’
‘You alright for the cab fare home?’ he asked, once they were out of earshot.
It was a dawning possibility that she had emerged straight out of an Edwardian murder mystery, something with Maggie Smith and seven kinds of hats.
John’s eyes weren’t too heavy to roll, but Sherlock was steering him towards the bed, so it went mostly to waste. He sat heavily on the edge of the mattress and allowed the yawn he’d been stifling since six AM, when they’d been woken by a nurse at the hospital — god, had that been
The huff of recognition at his side meant John had also recognized the name but not immediately placed it — they did regularly update the list of the world’s most concerning criminals (ranked by a formula of Sherlock’s invention, not based solely on already-committed crimes like the idiots at INTERPOL), and Gruener had been on the list for as long as John had been helping with record-keeping. As it was, their independent register was sufficient to locate the germane details in the archive room (the study, naturally) of his Mind Palace.
– come up with anything better to say, he simply cleared his throat. ‘Which is to say, I fancy some chips. I know a place, near Hyde Park. Open all night.’
He had sat, that first night — after they’d got him out of surgery (coded, twice, before he’d stabilised at just past 1700) and finally sent him back to the ICU — and watched the same old dives
Maybe, Sherlock reasoned, he should get some milk.
together. ‘Sherlock Hol –
, this mad welter of things, for any other human being.
Frowning at him, Sherlock insisted, ‘I need you to take the Carbuncle back to Lady Morcar and convince her to drop all the charges, but not until
John waited in the aisle of goods as Sherlock inspected first the pile of rags in a far corner basket, then the many-times stained floor, then finally the splatter (John’s jaw tensed at the sight) of copper-brown dots on and below the windowsill. The makeshift antechamber (John guessed, if the black binder on the horizontal crate constituted files and a desk, it was an ‘office’) seemed, to his eye, effectively empty.
way she was a natural blonde.’ (She was nearly finished with her starter, thank god — maybe he could beg off with a sandwich and fake a text halfway through?) ‘Always made you feel like she was about to… I dunno, snap on you, or kick your dog or something. Not exactly a dream woman.’ She was drumming her fingernails inanely in a way that made John want to kick her under the table as he had done as a kid during their (few) family dinners. ‘Though I suppose if you were looking for someone to fill the shoes of a certain “psychopathic mastermind”, you probably couldn’t have found better.’
‘Y’know, the words are agreeing, and yet somehow when you say it, it sounds more like “yes, dear” than actual agreement.’
‘Don’t fucking start, Sherlock. It’s not a joke.’
‘Oh gosh! It’s Doctor, isn’t it! How rude of me!’ she trilled, throwing a manicured hand to his bicep.
people. Not this time, anyway.
Two alternatives now loomed in Sherlock’s everycolour eyes, between stalemate and outright surrender: turning back the clocks, ‘deleting’ the past few months as though they hadn’t shifted the entire course of their lives, or – by the sounds of it – ending the whole thing, tidy away the last five years like some sort of a ruined experiment.
It really had been an oversight for John to use their real address on his blog. (Then again, Sherlock had already posted all his information on
Chapter 3: John
, you understand.’
memory, Doctor Watson.’
Something in Sherlock’s voice makes John open his eyes, peering over at the now unmoving detective. Apart from a mussed swath of dark curls, Sherlock rivals his pillow for paleness, especially in the monochrome of streetlight. Wiry tendons, stern ribs, waves of muscle, all surge and fall with each breath along the crest of his spine, a seamless seam, and John finds himself unable to stop staring.
The bottle, defying physics, made it back to the nightstand as John rolled over him, flushed and hungry, chasing the taste of this man’s whisky-soaked tongue, submerged in those hands in John’s brutally-short hair, hands on his arse as their groins brushed and John’s semi-erect prick jumped at the contact.
‘Of course,’ reasoned the John in his Mind Palace, ‘you can’t be sure he keeps both the book and the key, or password or whatever, on him at all times.’
A familiar ripple of scepticism crossed Sherlock’s face, softened by an unfamiliar gentleness. ‘Unless I was going to stand
John was nodding — though whether sarcastic or genuine, Sherlock couldn’t say. He blamed the dusk.
‘I quite agree. And yet, far more easily exterminated.’
, John. Terrible just, you know, as a
, Molly had seen the dressing gown, seen that Sherlock had come out of the bedroom only minutes after John, heard him say already, ‘
Canon references, characters, and other incidental allusions continue to belong to wherever they came from. Errors, on the other hand, are entirely my own.
After really disgustingly few minutes of not-quite-silent chomping or page-turning and sipping of tea respectively, Sherlock ripped a piece of garlic naan and wiped up the last morsels.
That set him off again, and this time she gulped down an unattractive sound that was most definitely an involuntary laugh. Which only made the giggles worse.
. In the dark, at this angle, he couldn’t quite make any one of them out. John knew, as he had know for a long time, that Sherlock had an armoire with a long mirror near his bed, but he’d only recently discovered that, from any given point on the bed, you couldn’t see yourself in it. It was also a surprising distance between where John was situated and the door, a gap which made him distinctly uncomfortable. (In his (old?) room upstairs, he’d made sure on the first day he’d moved in to have clear sight-lines and only a split-second’s divide between himself and a potential intruder. That evening, Sherlock had glanced at him all over, rolled his eyes smugly, and gone back to roasting plastic.) He wondered at what point it would be acceptable to bring up rearranging the furniture, and what that conversation would look like.
‘She quit ages ago,’ Beth said, looking at him as though worried about his memory. ‘Remember? Just after you left. Haven’t seen her since.’
