He froze where he stood, watching the last person exit the room until he was stood rigid in the empty kitchen. The fear was starting to crawl up his throat as he became aware of the real consequences of all this- Iron Man was what had gotten him into the team in the first place, what everyone had been drawn to. That was the real asset, The Avengers’ heavy hitter, their aerial support. Without Iron Man, it wouldn’t take long for them all to come to the realisation that Tony himself didn’t have much to offer.
He huffed out something that could almost have been a laugh. “You could say that.”
He jerked upright, feeling the eyes of everyone in the room suddenly on him and his corner in the back of the class. Blinking from the light as he opened his eyes, he squinted at the board. Fuck, it all just looked like scribbling to him. “I… uhh… have no idea, Miss.”
Immediately, Tony watched his head jerk up at the noise, and he felt a brief wave of annoyance toward Clint. It was 12 at night, after all, and Steve had been happily nuzzling right up to Tony, until the damn birdbrain had blundered in-
. That bothers me more than you could ever believe.” He pulled a face and sighed, rolling Tony back onto his side of the bed and then nudging up a little closer until their noses were touching. Then he dipped down, kissing the warm mouth in front of him. “But no part of who you are freaks me out. Apart from the fact you love orange juice but hate oranges. That’s just fucking strange.”
It was that or sit on their bed and think about the way Tony’s blood had leaked into his lap, or about his eyes, and their vast blankness, void of all the emotion that made Tony the person Steve loved. It was that, or be consumed by the memories until they killed him.
“Do you really think that anyone’s gonna be able to get into that thing? It’s encrypted to high heaven, Steve, chill the fuck out for a second and quit talking to me like I’m a fucking baby-”
Except, well- Bruce could probably do all this and more. There were some incredible minds over at SHIELD, too, despite what Tony said- he’d heard of a team called Fitzsimmons and knew they were some of the brightest minds of the century. And Hank Pym, that guy was affiliated with SHIELD too- if the Avengers needed to, they could probably convince him to come in.
A billion thoughts were swirling through his mind, nearly overwhelming him. He kept replaying the words:
Sam made a face, gesturing vaguely with his hands. "You can't really be a guy like Albert Einstein and also be a nerd, y'know? He was too badass to be a nerd."
Steve felt the whole world slow.
Bruce nodded, shuffling sideways so Thor could also enter the room. His eyes went immediately to Peter, who he beamed at with the wattage of a million suns and then made grabby hands for. Tony, just happy to have two hands to hold his coffee with, let him, and soon Thor was making Peter squeal with laughter as he was thrown high into the air and caught smoothly by the God.
It never stopped being satisfying, watching Nazi’s get hurt.
, God, he’d watched people’s heads get cut clean off and not reacted as badly as this.
Tony’s eyes widened. “Cauterise?” He gasped, “I don’t fucking think so, no, no—”
Steve waved him off with a roll of his eyes. “You think I don’t already know that? I know what you were trying to do, Tony- Peter Parker was happy to give me the low-down about your character profile as I was storming out of the science labs the other night.”
She nodded. "Currently in the middle of a very heated debate with Zeke."
“Tony?” he asked, pulling off the helmet when they ground to a halt just outside. “Where the hell are we?”
He twined his fingers through the hairs on the back of Steve’s head, breaking away so he could smile softly. Their foreheads touched. “Thank you for coming back,” he murmured, hearing his door swing open as Steve kicked at it with the toe of his shoe.
It felt a little bit like Peter almost belonged here.
Later that night—when Sam and the others had gone home, when Tony had crept off to the guest bedroom to get some rest and Steve was supposedly cleaning up Thor’s place before going home as well— he instead sat on the couch, leaning forward on his elbows, looking at JARVIS and wringing his hands together.
He couldn’t look away.
Thor shut his eyes, an insurmountable grief settling around him like an invisible noose.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony, I—”
Steve acted on instinct, flying away from the flash of silver blade as it stabbed for his midsection. He didn’t have time to avoid it completely, however, and there was a sting of agony as the skin across his waist ripped open, warmth spilling immediately onto his shirt. He cursed, but didn’t look down; instead keeping his eye on the knife that the other man was holding. Steve didn’t know why it was Brock fucking Rumlow of all people who had found him. From the brief once-over Steve had given him as he’d entered the room, it looked like he may have been in the training rooms working a punching bag or something. Maybe the man was smarter than Steve had given him credit for, and worked out that they’d need to be on a floor without bulletproofed glass if they wanted to escape. Maybe he’d been on the way down from the upper floors and had just happened to hear the two of them on the other side of the door. Maybe he’d just gotten lucky.
“ ‘Normal’ people?” Steve repeated the phrase shakily, finally breaking the silence with Tony’s own words, and no, no, Tony hadn’t meant it like that, and he jumped off the counter, opening his mouth to say as much—but Steve held up a finger in warning, his jaw tight, eyes ice. “I don’t fucking
Okay. Alive. That was good.
Tony, whose eyes had been halfway-shut and ready to fall into a doze, blinked down at him in surprise and then just smiled softly, angling his head and leaning in. Steve automatically met him in the middle and they kissed, soft and slow and easy.
“Tony, this isn’t working,” Steve told him as he watched Tony get blasted through a wall by an energy beam sent out of the robot’s chest, “it’s gonna kill you if you keep doing this.”
He knew that this was their job. He knew damn well that this was just a part of their lives that he had to cope with, because there was no way Steve would stop any time soon, and if he was being honest, no way that Tony would either. That didn’t make any of it any less agonising. Seeing Steve hurting, watching him choke up blood or wrap up a wound was never going to be easy. Tony wished there was a way for them to do what they did without getting hurt, and he tried his damndest to keep the injuries to a minimum with suit upgrades and in-built defences. It wasn’t ever going to be foolproof, though. And that was just something he had to live with.
But here, all there was was Steve, his nose brushing Tony’s, his hand splayed across Tony’s back, looking down at him with a bitten lip and a vulnerable expression on his achingly perfect face.
“You know,” Clint said, loud enough that it pulled Tony’s focus away from the two people beside him, “I think he’s really close to saying his first words. I swear to god he managed to get Bruce’s name out this morning.”
Thor came back out at some point in the night, and he made himself comfortable at Steve’s side. He put out some food on the table for them both, but Steve didn’t touch it. “You can go take the spare room if you want,” Thor told him at about 1 in the morning, “I’ll stay up and keep an eye on him.”
But Tony knew that he sure as well was not giving him back to the person who'd left him there. Not a chance.
Sam would have been good at this.
Exhaustion slammed into him suddenly, and he could no longer hold himself upright. He felt Tony’s hands wrap around him, lower him steadily to the soft earth with the care only he had ever shown.
Steve smiled, but it was a little tight as he curled his hands around his knees and frowned. “Because I break doors when I’m not concentrating,” he mumbled quietly, “because I weigh four times the average person and babies don’t even have fully developed skulls until they hit nine months old. Tony, I don’t… they’re so fragile.” He swallowed and shook his head. “So so fragile. And I am… not. It’d be like trying to make an industrial crane pick up a china teacup.”
Steve fought him and he wished he’d done everything fucking differently, wished he hadn’t been such a fucking coward, wished that he hadn’t let down the one person who meant more to him than anything—but he had done all of that, he’d blown everything that mattered to him and now he was facing the consequences.
Steve nodded, and then Tony kissed him again. “Neither did I,” he admitted.
Was it really so absurd to think that? Surely it was more likely than the stupid billionaire thing.
“Nope,” Steve interrupts his thought process, shaking his head vigorously and putting a finger against Tony’s mouth. “You… you have
He didn’t have another nightmare that night.
The thought just fell into his head, so easily and without any trepidation. He’d been watching out of the window in their room while Steve fed the chickens, having a gentle conversation with them in the same way Tony did to his bots. It was ass-o-clock in the morning, and Tony had hardly been awake, only roused by Steve getting up to complete the chores, and as he’d leaned against the open window and felt the breeze push against his face, he’d looked down at his lover and thought
They ate their breakfast Slash lunch together with the team amicably, Tony tracing absent patterns into Steve’s hand whilst he chewed inattentively at his toast, and Steve reading the day’s paper. They were the only pair still in their pajamas, having decided there was no need for them to change out of them that day, and Steve grinned fondly every time he glanced sideways and saw the little cartoon shields that were dotted all over Tony’s oversized sweatshirt. Tony had admitted to him once, that he’d used to have a Captain America shield tattooed on his hip when he’d been younger- a drunken dare from Rhodey that he’d never bothered to remove until Steve had actually been pulled out of the ice. Steve mourned at the fact he’d never been able to see it for himself- he was man enough to admit that the sight of Tony wearing something of
“Nonsense,” he whispered, “you’re not on your own. You’ve got us.”
“Tony, that’s not a bad thing,” Steve told him incredulously, “Jesus, this is amazing,Tony- it’s
Tony opened and shut his mouth a few more times before sighing. His eyes fluttered closed and he leaned his head forward, smiling into Steve’s hair. “God, Steve, you have to have realized that I want to do a little more than kiss you at this point. Come on, I’m trying, but I know I’m not being subtle.”
. And he wanted everyone to know about it.
He worked through the night. His body ached and his eyes began to droop halfway through, so he marched over to the coffee machine on the other side of the room and filled his body with enough caffeine to keep him buzzing for the next few hours. Then he got back to his schematics, and didn’t think of every time that he’d been thrown away as soon as he stopped being of use to people. He didn’t think about Sunset, who had dated him for months and then left with his stolen designs that he’d been stupid enough to trust her with, didn’t think about all the ‘friends’ at MIT who’d leeched off his money for free drinks and cool clothes when they went out shopping. He didn’t think of the people who’d scarpered as soon as Tony admitted to maybe wanting something more than casual sex, because maybe Tony could give a good roll in the hay, but no one actually wanted to stay for
Peggy scowled, pointing a finger. "You need to stop posting pictures of your stupid girlfriend online. You're making
“What the hell did you say to him to make him stay?” Steve asked, not bothering to look up from the cupboards he was digging into, knowing it was Bucky from his footsteps alone.
Steve turned to him, catching him just as he winced at the stretch. The other man sighed, but returned the kiss, this time on the mouth. “You’re gonna be a nightmare about this, aren’t you?” he said quietly. “I really shouldn’t have to say this, but please don’t reopen your wound just to kiss me.”
So it had been forcibly taken off him.
, but it doesn’t mean you
Also, he and Sam were both lazy as fuck and it was about time Mrs. Wilson accepted that.
Steve turned to her. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Bhabla,” Peter responded with wisely, before a bit of drool slipped down his chin. Tony sighed and brushed it off, making a sad face as he wiped his hand against his pants. He was sure Giorgio Armani hadn’t intended for his designs to be used in such a way.
, Tony.”
, I think I’ll survive-“
“Hey,” Steve soothed, and more shuffling sounds filled the room, “you got nothing to be sorry for, Shellhead. Do you want a towel? Your hair seems kinda wet.”
He felt like he was dreaming. Some sort of warped nightmare, where he lost Tony in the worst way possible, and then got him back, only to have him taken away again.
And suddenly, Steve had started pulling on Tony’s wrist and dragging him forward, a big grin on his face as he whispered “take me to the most hidden spot in this damn penthouse Tony.”
At least, he did feel those things-- right up until he watched Steve give Peter a kiss on the forehead and then got hit with the brutal realisation that it was only going to get worse from here.
“You have
“Tony, dammit, you shouldn’t be looking at that stuff!” Steve grabbed his arm and tugged him out of the store cupboard, shutting it with a click before turning back to him. “Are you feeling okay? Do you need to see a doctor?”
in his injury-induced delirium?
“Hey,” he said softly, shutting his eyes and swallowing.
“Damn right you couldn’t,” Bucky nodded grumpily, starting up the engine again. There was a small frown on his face, however. “So he just, what, saw you all messed up and told you to shut it, or somethin’?”
Tony just choked a little wetly. “Yeah,” he muttered, “you could fucking say that.” He buried his head into Steve’s chest and then shut his eyes, letting the tiredness rush back over him now that he at least had Steve in his arms, his warm body proving to Tony what his rational mind already knew. He shifted his hand and tangled his fingers into Steve’s own, holding on tight and feeling Steve do the same. They’d spent more time in hospitals like these than Tony could possibly keep track of by that point in his life, sometimes for weeks and weeks on end. The injuries weren’t ever going to get easier to deal with- big or small. He hated watching Steve cut his thumb on the mail, nevermind seeing his whole damned heart stop. It was dangerous, with the lives they lived, to get attached to anyone, really. Tony had seen too many people die in the blink of an eye; whole lives just disappearing at the firing of a gun or a mistake on the field. It was a damning thought.
“You are the
Bruce just flailed his hands a little. “Well, yeah.”
He paused, looking at her and shutting off his phone. Her face looked unimpressed, and it made something sink in his stomach. “He jumped in before Ty could swing at me,” Steve said, hoping that would sway a little favour Tony’s way.
Steve smiled and shook his head. Tony just raised an eyebrow. He was very good at not showing more than just little traces of his emotions.
He eventually managed to wrangle the kid out of it, and then held him aloft over the bath water, hesitating for a second. “Uh,” he began, “JARVIS, buddy, can you look up—is there a specific way to like… bathe babies?” He felt stupid for asking, but he didn’t want to do it wrong.
Underneath his cowl, Steve just grinned. “Widow, your victim is dying over there.” He thrust a hand to the other side of the hall, where Clint was lying face-down on one of the mock-up buildings.
But Bucky shook his head. “Nah,” he said, “that’s just the person she pretends to be to everyone else. Makes her seem less vulnerable, I guess. She spends money on nice jeans and makes sure her place looks nice so that you think she’s doing fine, but I’ve seen her take a pair of scissors and cut her hair by herself ‘cuz she can’t afford to get it done properly.” He shrugged, before grinning again, “I think our Christmas is just gonna be spent with a bottle of whiskey and some shitty horror movies. And you know what? I’m absolutely okay with that.” His face softened even further as he looked down at the floor and kicked an invisible piece of dirt. “It’s…it’s
He didn’t want to do this, he realised. The whole thing was making him feel uneasy, wrong. Tony was the man Steve had been devoted to for years, and who had returned those affections in equal measure. This betrayal, even in theory, made Steve feel awful.
“You’ve got me this time around,” he promised, giving their hands a small squeeze, “and we’re not going to watch anything else. JARVIS can just relay any important information back to us.”
Steve stared at it.
He looked up in time to spot the tail end of Mrs Wilson’s small frown, as she turned around fully and took the pot off the stove. “What, the Stark boy? Isn’t he a troublemaker?”
this sounds crazy, but I’m almost glad someone tried to kill me because it gave me the excuse to drive down to your house and see you again, and I just, it’s pathetic, but I just—”
AIM were going to take Peter.
He gasped in pain and tried, tried so hard. But his head was spinning too hard for him to even know which way was up, and all he could see from where he was looking was the dusty view of a red and gold armour, lying in the same spot twenty feet away from him. He wondered whether Tony was looking back at him, thinking the same things that he was.
“I know you can.” Rhodey’s hand gripped his again. “But you’re hurt, okay? Just let us take care of you. You gotta stay safe until help arrives, and any movement could risk opening up the injury. You know how high the chance of infection is after cauterisation.” Rhodey’s face was solemn, and he shook his head. “Right now, our main priority is keeping you alive. So lie back and take a break, alright?”
Then his hand slipped away and he left. Just like that.
“I think I was always gonna end up there, in the end.”
But he’d called Rhodey. And Rhodey said he was… that he was happy. That definitely meant something, and Steve knew Rhodey wouldn’t lie about that. Or march into his home and dole out thinly veiled threats to him if this wasn’t a least a little bit serious.
“None of those decisions were yours,” Tony steamrolled on, shaking his head and looking away, “they were mine, and Ty’s, and Howard’s. And I’m not fucking sorry I did it. I’m
It sure was fucked up to be too afraid of your own subconscious to sleep, but hell, Tony had been doing it for years. His mind was a depraved little shithole when it wanted to be, and after the all-encompassing terror that had overwhelmed him when Steve had gone into cardiac arrest last week, Tony figured the whole ‘PTSD’ part of him would be going into overdrive. That much was already goddamn obvious, though- how many times had Tony checked Steve’s pulse by now? Probably over a hundred.
“No, he isn’t.” Tony stood up off the couch and leaned over to the coffee table, grabbing his phone. Steve realised he’d changed clothes since he’d last seen him; now he was in something comfier and less bloody, which was nice. Steve watched him curiously as he flicked through his contacts and then lifted the phone to his ear, wincing as he did so. His shoulder was obviously still sore.
to, but you are absolutely insane if you think I have the self restraint to keep my hands to myself if I am in the same bed as you.” Tony sighed, shaking his head sadly. “I am only human, Steven.”
Tony sprawled over the mattress under Steve’s feet and shut his eyes, perfect teeth shining as he grinned. “Hmm- I guess there are worse things to be stuck with,” he said with a half-hearted shrug.
He heard a noise, a voice, coming from the other side of the room, and as he rolled back onto his feet and lifted his gun, he saw who was making it. Tucked into the corner with his own weapon pointed directly at Steve, Bruce Banner crouched, bloody and bruised, covering Tony’s body as it lay on the cot behind him.
Tony nodded. “It was going good. I was… okay, I did what every kid my age would’ve done in that situation and I participated in a bit of stupid stuff, but at that point I wasn’t-“ Steve heard as his voice wavered suddenly, and underneath his fingers, he could feel Tony’s heartbeat stutter.
Twenty minutes in, however, and nothing had happened aside from a few episodes of vomiting. He kept going though; working through the pain, but coming up blank each and every time. He tried analysing the schematics; tried to run through a segment of the code, but no matter how hard he tried to hold onto the information he absorbed, it refused. The memories were well and truly hidden from him, and angry tears slipped from his eyes as he tore the stupid bits of paper apart and then shoved them into the trash. He felt sick to his stomach. His head had never hurt more in his entire life, and he was completely fucking exhausted.
“I am going to get more supplies,” Steve declared suddenly, attempting to divert his own attention away from all the increasingly dirty thoughts he was having about the oblivious person lying next to him, “I will see you all in approximately thirty seconds.”
we go home and eat Chinese, yeah. No need doing more than what our contract states, after all.”
It was incredible. And terrifying.
Rhodey nodded. He glanced back to Tony. “Bruce has your back,” he said, leaning down and pressing a quick kiss to Tony’s overheated forehead. “It’s gonna be fine. Love ya, man.”
He breathed out another sigh of relief and then turned Steve onto his back once more, lifting him gently up into his arms. He couldn’t fly him out like this, he’d freeze to death, but Natasha was supposed to be arriving soon, and he could meet her at the front entrance. He looked down at Steve, wishing he could lift the faceplate up and kiss him. Unfortunately he was locked into the suit and would be until they got back home, so contented himself with pressing his forehead into Steve’s for a second. “I’ve got you,” he said softly to the unconscious man, “you’re alright. You’re safe now.” Then he added, “Sorry for the headache you’re gonna wake up with tomorrow. Kinda pushed me into a corner with that one, big guy.”
He glared at her, but she just shrugged and grinned. Steve got the feeling this felt like nothing more than a game to that woman. For someone as deadly as her though, he supposed it was. She’d certainly faced off with worse before.
Tony didn’t ask to be filled in on what he’d done at his mom’s grave. He could probably tell from Steve’s dirty jeans and slightly puffy eyes anyway. And maybe when Steve was feeling a little less weary, he’d tell Tony a bit more. For now though, he was content to just allow the silent company of Tony to pull his heart up from the floor by an inch or two. Maybe not enough to make him completely better, but definitely enough for Steve to be glad that Tony was here with him.
He found himself standing again; a hand balancing on the huge chimney as Tony remained sat and pulled out a cigarette from his pocket. Steve knew he was being stared at, but he couldn’t take his eyes off the view. He’d lived in some bottom-floor flat in Brooklyn for most of his life; he’d never seen so much laid out in front of him like this before.
“Steve,
“Well, it’s his fault for befriending her,” Carol said with a shrug, before patting Steve on the shoulder, “anyway, I’m gonna get to class. I’ll see you ‘round, Rogers.”
-  capture the flag?”
“No he’s not, look, his eyes are definitely— oh, hey, look, see! I was right!” Steve pushed his eyes open slowly, looked at Clint. The man waved at him. “Hey, buddy.”
And it was stupid to think it, but fuck, Steve turned his head to look at Tony and the only thing he could think was ‘I want this forever’.
Leaning over the table, he snagged an apple out of the fruit bowl and shot a smile over to Paul, who returned it fondly. “Sam’ll be home shortly,” he called out as Steve turned, “I’ll tell him not to worry you.”
“Sorry,” Steve mumbled, stepping out of Tony’s hands and then smiling, “but to be fair, you
And Tony could stand up in the face of the biggest, richest men on the planet and tell them where they could shove it, sure, but he could not last two seconds of Steve looking like that. Not even when he was wasted.
It's been a year since civil war, and it's Tony's birthday.
stay back, let the people who weren’t susceptible to machine failure go in and handle it but you never fucking listen to me-“
He moved forward again, but as he did so, several other people rounded the corner behind Tony and set their eyes on him. They were laughing together, loud and abrasive, and Steve recognized them as the people Tony tended to hang out with. It was confirmed when Tony shot Steve one last look and then turned, big fake smile spreading out on his face as he greeted them all.
There was a sudden warmth by his shoulder and he turned with a jerk, spotting Natasha smiling next to him. “It’s okay,” she jostled his side gently, filling in for his lack of words, “we understand, you know.”
“Okay,” he said slowly, eyeing them both up and then jerking his head, “you wanna come into the kitchen and sit?”
“You’re so beautiful Steve, so so beautiful, I could never look away and I wanted- but then I found out you were with Barnes and I thought I was gonna die-“
But anyway, he was getting carried away. Point was, Tony hadn’t cried since waking up in hospital, and he damn well wasn’t going to do it now, over some stupid argument with Natasha Romanov.
He felt Steve’s arms tighten around his waist, pulling Tony in flush against him. Tony was aware he’d been trying to stick to his plan, yes, but that seemed to be down the drain now. Although he had the ears on, so at least he had completed the ‘wear a sexy outfit’ part of it. Sort of. He was going to conveniently ignore the coffee stains on his white shirt, the burn mark on the back of his hand and the fact that his hair smelled like burnt things. The ears offset all that. It was fine.
With a sigh, Steve let his head come to rest on top of Tony’s. “Sorry for waking you,” he mumbled, “just go back to sleep honey.”
That was, unless someone else had gotten to him first.
Clint looked like he was going to start crying. Tony cackled again.
“I told you!” Steve said, looking smug.
Tony’s lip curled- not a smile, but more a recalling of a memory. He was silent for a moment, as if debating what to say, before ending up with “same as you. Got in a fight. Again.”
Steve clenched his jaw, shutting the locker with a slam and then spinning on his heel. “How’s things, Ty?” He asked sweetly, “did you manage to buy your own drinks last night? Or did you need to ring up Tony and ask how grown-ups did it by themselves without getting someone else to pay?”
Steve ended the call with a sigh, hoping at the very least that Thor could get the day off. If not, then Steve was just going to have to risk the punishment later, because he sure as hell wasn’t going to leave Tony alone.
“SOMEONE’S HERE TO SEE YOU!” Sam answered, and then over the sound of popping corn Steve found himself listening to the muffled, smooth voice that rang familiarly in his ears.
Tony smiled softly; pressing a kiss against Steve’s cheek and then turning back to the view. Steve knew they had to start heading back soon- they must have been gone more than an hour, and it was definitely considered rude to just abandon your guests at your own birthday party, but-
bad, I don’t want you to be something I have to keep hidden. Not from anyone.”
“You should kick his ass,” Clint said, and Thor spun around on the chair and beamed over to him when Clint waved his fork in his general direction.
Jesus. Steve didn’t even know what to think.
“There’s your chance,” Steve whispered into his hair, smug, “leave if you want. But you won’t. I know you won’t. So don’t lie to me, Tony, because I don’t appreciate it.”
“Nah,” Darcy shrugged, “that was the month after, when they found him lighting up in the principal’s office.” She raised an eyebrow to Steve, before gazing out over his shoulder a little dreamily. “Man, everyone loves a bad boy, don’t they? I would tap that
His hand was still holding Tony’s.
“Tony?” He jolted and turned, looking at the man in question with an attempt at a smile.
Clint looked solemnly toward Tony, shaking his head sadly as he watched the man stumble forward, brow set in confusion as he took in the setting around him.
He just wanted to find Tony, goddamn it.
from Bruce.
“Tony, you need to get some rest. Please. You’ve had a really rough night, and you’re not thinking straight-”
He punched and kicked and fought for his life, for everyone’s life, working with Mjolnir which Thor had lent him and using that instead of his broken shield. The rage of the past five years consumed his soul, transforming itself into wild and merciless energy. A snap of the neck, and that was for taking Peter away from Tony. A lightning bolt that friend a dozen bodies, and that was for Sam and for Bucky, lost to Steve again, just when he thought he’d gotten him back. He didn’t have time to reunite with any of the people he’d lost, but he saw Peter swinging on by and webbing up a dozen different enemies, and he grabbed his attention.
Ahead of him, everyone stopped dead. Clint’s shoulders dropped. “Oh, you gotta be kidding me—”
He could hear them just the way Tony had spoken them, with the same inflections, the same pitch. Gift of the serum.
Bruce coughed. “Actually, now that we’re here, it would probably do to just give you a bit of a checkup, see how you’re adjusting to—uh—”
The little church where Steve had set up these meetings made John’s voice echo out, and Steve had the fleeting thought of putting carpet down, adding more furniture, just putting
“Well, it’s been so many months since anyone even fucking invited me to one I’ve forgotten about whether or not they even exist-”
“Do you like the jacket?”
“I shall do my very best,” Thor told him, “long as you do the same for yourself. Tony told me to look out for you- I intend to follow through.”
“Only Mr Barton and Sir, currently- although Barton is down at the archery range in the basement and seems preoccupied, and sir appears to be napping in the living room.”
Tony growled, lurching forward- but Steve caught him by the arm and held him back, suddenly panicked by the idea of Ty following through with his threat.
“Sure,” Steve said easily, voice calm and gentle- a mix between the Cap Voice and the voice he used when they were both still only just waking up in the morning; soft and pleasant and full of warmth. It helped. It felt familiar. “I’m going to put the towel around your neck now, okay? Is that alright?”
- he comes home, I know that he won’t bother telling me where he’s been, or apologising for any of it. He thinks I only care because it’s what my parents asked me to do.” Thor grimaced, wiping a hurried hand across his face and then turning to Steve. “Truth is, if I called them right now and told them Loki was dead, they’d wait until their precious business deal had gone through before coming home. It was never
He refused to watch Steve as he left the room. But as the sounds of the doors whispered through the room, Tony let himself look up with watery eyes. His hands were shaking like crazy, and he’d never felt more off-kilter in his whole life. He couldn’t stop the tears that sprang behind his eyes. It felt like everything was falling apart- this wasn’t the Steve he’d fallen in love with, it felt like it had happened so fast- or maybe it had been coming for a while, but Tony had just been too blind to notice.
Steve watched him a little curiously as Tony looked down at his shoes and then huffed out what sounded like a self-deprecating laugh. When he looked up and turned to face Steve again, Steve caught a flash of dark around his opposite cheekbone. “Did you get in a fight?” He asked before he could stop himself.
The whole group ended up squashed together, a pile of limbs and colour and pillows as they all stared up at the giant TV they could see through the entrance of the fort. A young Paul Rudd insulted Cher as she discussed something undoubtedly shallow, but in all honesty, Steve wasn’t paying much attention to the screen. Inside the fort, everyone was too caught up in a heated debate over the validity of pineapple on pizza, with Clint, Nat and Tony firmly on the Pro-Team, and the rest of them all yelling various profanities and cursing their existence for having that opinion.
he thought.
For the second time that night, Steve shot out a hand and stopped him before he could lift it into his mouth. Looking at Tony seriously, he said “unless you intend to share, you’re not drinking any more right now.”
Tony hadn’t been flirting with him on the show that night. He swore it. Not... not really, it was only a joke, just like he did with everyone and Steve
Tony observed him for a second, before an excited little grin appeared on his face. “How much time do you have?”
"It's called the truth."
He pushed his way forward, until eventually the crowd thinned, stopping in a straight line. Steve spotted Tony at once; whole body tense and rigid as he yelled at the other boy standing a few feet away. Steve noticed that strangely, a third boy was waiting at the sidelines. He was young- probably an eighth grader at the most- and he was staring between the boys nervously, biting his lip as the yells were traded.
Steve's frown grew as he caught the tail-end of the words. What had they been talking about? The kid seemed pleased, nodding gratefully and then stumbling back down the corridor on shaky legs, and Steve watched Tony watch him with a look that could only really be described as fondness on his face.
And it had started fucking raining five minutes ago.
“Because he knows how much I know about him. More than anyone else does. He won’t talk if he knows I will.”
At least Tony laughed at that, and although is head fell once more into his hands, his shoulders relaxed a little. Definitely a plus. “Okay, yeah, you probably have a point there, big guy. Oh, and Bucky?”
Steve’s breath hitched, and try as he might, he couldn’t find it in him to pull his eyes off Tony’s. They were closer than Steve thought they ever had been; almost nose to nose, in fact. It would be so easy to just-
The last one was sent a few hours later and said the word ‘
The world felt like it’d frozen on its axis as he looked up at his lover in complete and utter shock. It didn’t compute in his brain. Steve... Steve didn’t just hit people. He’d
abusers; he’d seen the look of disgust and rage on his face as he’d knocked them through the walls and then told the wife, the husband, the child that they were safe now, they wouldn’t hurt them any more. Steve wouldn’t abuse anyone, because he quite clearly hated abusers.
“Hey,” he whispered back, “you okay?”
Steve paused. “Uh, no, but I’ll do that as soon as possible.”
if it was useable, Tony didn’t care.
“Wait,” Tony blurted suddenly, squinting a little and hoping that his eyesight really isn’t failing him enough to imagine that, “do you…no way-do you
Rocket laughed, loud and raucous, and then leaped off the top of the mound of rubble to join back into the fray. Not long after, Steve followed.
Tony cocked his head at her incredulously. “You had one literally an hour ago.”
It had been two weeks since their last session together. He knew that she kept him on close watch, and last time they’d spoken, they’d been talking about some pretty serious stuff. His social worker was coming around in a few weeks to check up on him and see how he was settling into his new place, so she’d been doing the usual evaluation shit. Steve didn’t think it helped much, personally, but people always told him it did, so he was sticking it out for now.
He’d been on some stupid talk-show, doing the usual PR rounds that he always had to do when a new big Stark Product launched. Also on that talk-show had been another celebrity with whom Tony may or may not have had a tremendously large crush on in his younger years, and now merely swooned over whenever he saw the man in movies. Steve knew that. Steve had always laughed and rolled his eyes and said Tony’s starstruck face always reminded him of a teenage girl.
“What the Goddamn hell?” Tony jerked from where he was sat on the floor, turning his eyes away from the gauntlet in his lap and over to Steve, stood behind him with a look of horror etched onto his face, “Tony, what are you
Key word being ‘had’.
“Mr. Rogers?” A familiar male voice asked, smooth queen’s-English being spoken down the phone, “auditory records match with previous encounters. This is Steven Grant Rogers, correct?”
Still seeming almost dazed, Steve just nodded. “Yeah, I like the idea. I think… As long as you keep yourself safe, and everyone involved safe, I think it would be good.” He wiped a hand over his face and then chuckled. “You’re something else, Tony Stark.”
Steve loved watching the man dance through the windows of the studio.
anonymous  asked:
Tony murmured something incoherent, but followed Steve’s lead and let the boy wipe him down until he was as clean as could be without a shower. There were still bits of bright green in his hair, but Steve would let Tony worry about that later. For now-
He turned back to Ty, shoving past some random kid that tried to get in his way. Ty was bleeding heavily from his nose and forehead, but he swung a punch to Steve that on any other occasion, he probably wouldn’t have been fast enough to stop. “You little bitch!” The boy hissed as Steve ducked low. His fists curled into Steve’s shirt and hauled him sideways, propelling them both until Steve hit the wall with a painful thud.
Steve sighed, looking down at his cup and wishing he could just stick his entire head in it rather than deal with yet another ‘let’s get Steve laid’ mission lead by Natasha.
She grabbed his hand and placed a cup of coffee in it. Clint took one second to process, and then uncapped the lid and drained it in six seconds. "Thanks Nat," he said at the end, as Steve just stared incredulously.
Steve pouted, looking up at Tony and then scowling. “I thought I won that argument,” he said moodily.
“I brought pie and Asgardian booze- shall we begin?”
How was he even supposed to begin? “I’m sorry,” he murmured, looking down, “it was a school bully. He was being fucking awful, to me and to other people. People I care about. I got angry.”
have to keep
Tony argued, his voice wet, “maybe not by human standards, but an alien wouldn’t be alive by human standards either, and that doesn’t make them any less important. Any less fucking real. Do you understand?” He shook his head once. “I am never going to just sell you off. Don’t
Zeke was looking, bored, around the room- but when he saw Steve, he stopped. Steve just glared right back, jaw clenched- it was surprising, how much he could hate a guy without even having a single conversation with them.
The tubes were stark white, but the harsh light threw up a faint shadow within them- one that seemed worryingly human-esque. Steve continued to move forward, checking for threats as he went along. The silhouettes weren’t moving much- seemingly hovering, but Steve couldn’t be sure.
Tony was used to not sleeping. It kind of came with the job, and his brain took a while just to shut off on a good day, so more often than not Tony would just crash whenever he could, sleep schedule be damned.
But Steve just had to keep going, calmly and collectedly, until he reached the meeting room where he was headed. It was a small place, tucked away in the corner of the 1
He watched as Tony stopped, the relaxed posture dissipating immediately. The boy shook himself, and then ran a hand over his face, sliding off the bed. “Oh, right. I- yeah, Steve, we should probably… I should take you home. Your friends- yeah.”
But Tony was obviously trying to keep a lid on his own amusement; Steve could see him pursing his lips and hunching up his shoulders as he shook his head and looked to the side. He began walking backward leisurely, the unlaced shoe to his left making Steve wince at the hazard. Although it would probably be weird to bring that up. Tony Stark lived by his own rules- he tied his shoelaces for no man.
Steve hurried down the stairs in his apartment, sparing the briefest of looks at the piles of things he’d stacked on each step as an incentive for him to put them all in storage, which he never actually did. Peggy had always said he turned into a walking bag of trash when he was left alone for too long, which — yeah, okay, maybe she had a point. It might have been about five months since he’d last cleaned his room, by his count. Shameful, he knew, but hey… it wasn’t like anyone was visiting.
It was nice. Way better than being alone.
He blinked and scrambled up to his feet, unable to hold back the gasp of pain that the movement brought. He was close to throwing up again. “Cognitive exposure,” he said with a wave of his hand, “just made it up now, seeing if it-“
He just rolled his eyes again. Ty was just like every other bully he’d met before- too big for his goddamn boots and desperate to show off how massive he thought his own dick was. “Sure thing, Darcy. Hey, Sam, pass me your plate.”
“I don’t know what chip you’ve got on your shoulder, Rogers,” Principal Fury told him, his voice utterly unforgiving, “but it’s getting too big. You better start giving me some reasons as to why I shouldn’t just kick you straight out of my school and not let you back in, because right now, I’m not seeing many.”
He awoke when Tony’s alarm went off at 7, having gotten a grand total of about half an hour’s sleep. The incessant buzzing grated straight through Steve’s brain and he growled irritably, leaning across Tony’s body in order to flick the noise off and then snuggle back down into the warmth of his lover’s chest. He felt the vibrations of Tony humming, one hand rising to rub his eyes wearily. He’d had a good amount of sleep—thankfully undisturbed by nightmares or restlessness, but Steve would still be happy to see him getting a damn lie-in for once.
“People say it’s super haunted,” Tony explained as they walked through the musty corridors; Steve looking around in a mix of awe and curiosity as he stared at the place, “it hasn’t been lived in for like, 70 years. Abandoned in the war, I think. The haunting stuff’s bull, though,” he added helpfully, “I’ve been here in the witching hour. No ghosts as far as I could tell. But if it stops people buying the place, it’s fine by me.”
Steve caught his eye and kept it for a second, opening his mouth and trying to find the appropriate thing to say- but words failed him. Tony didn’t seem to mind though; happy to just keep looking at Steve, lips slightly parted and eyes slightly wider than normal as he tilted his chin and stared unabashedly.
7am really was far too early for any normal human being to be awake on a Sunday.
Steve wanted to
Steve just stared at her, breath coming short. He must have looked unhinged, stood there in his sweatpants and loose shirt stained with flecks of his blood, the shattered remains of the ground-level window of the Baxter Building behind him. He wondered if she was scared.
Either way- those feelings still came flooding into him, almost from the moment he woke up and saw the date flashing on his alarm clock. They followed him to breakfast and lingered in the corner of his room as he got changed, and it was with a resigned sort of sigh that he eventually gave up trying to ignore it and pull himself away from those thoughts.
The answer, of course, was no. Tony would never go. Not in a million fucking years. But that didn’t mean he couldn’t lie about it. “If… if that option offered the highest chance of group survival—”
Natasha looked at him, sharing his pain for a moment before she just sighed and then straightened her back as if she were heading to war. “The meeting is done, and now the liaising begins.” Her hand came to his back and she pushed him further into the room. “Come on Tony, work with me here. These guys might suck, but they also decide whether or not we’re branded as terrorists or superheroes, so schmoozing would probably be the best course of action here.”
“There absolutely is, and I’m at the top of it. End of discussion.” Tony waved a hand and then settled it across Steve’s mouth finally, and that was that. With one last eye-roll, Steve settled his own arms back around the small of Tony’s back and returned to watching the movie that was on in front of them, happily whiling away the time as Tony simply curled into him and took intermittent naps, splitting them up with small ramblings that Steve hummed and nodded to as if he understood any of the technical jargon that Tony was saying. It was pretty boring, really. Which was perfect. Completely, totally perfect. Steve could spend the rest of his life being boring with Tony. He figured they’d seen enough excitement to last an eternity, by that point in their superheroing careers. They could move out, buy a farm or something in the middle of nowhere. Maybe have a few kids- Steve had always wanted some, even when he knew it was unlikely to ever happen, and Tony was an angel around them. He’d be perfect as a dad, Steve just knew it.
Tony told himself,
No, was the answer.
, and I just- I freaked out, I’m stupid, I’m so sorry, I didn’t want you to see that.”
“What?” Steve asked confusedly, whilst kissing Tony’s forehead in greeting.
After dinner, Steve and Tony both ended up going to bed pretty early, just because the road trip over had managed to tire them out, and Steve was supposed to call in at SHIELD early the next morning anyway. They sank into the familiar mattress with a joint sigh, Steve’s hands automatically going to their usual position around the back of Tony’s waist and pulling him in in order to bury his nose into the other man’s soft curls. It was only a few seconds in which they were silent, however, before Tony was sat back up in bed again, his fingers clicking in a show of remembrance. Steve sighed. “Whatever it is, can’t it wait ‘till morning?”
Tony turned his head back to face Thanos, watching as he clicked in triumph, expecting a result. When nothing happened, Steve couldn’t help but laugh, and he lifted their joined hands, Tony flexing his fingers to show off the shining stones. Steve laid his hand over them and felt it burn, felt his whole body vibrate with an energy he didn’t even have the words to describe. Something started to buzz in his head, a collection of conversation fragments, images, a picture of himself and Maria sitting on their boat as it floated across the lake. He realised that it was Tony; his thoughts, his mind. The infinity stones were connecting them together into one shared consciousness, and he felt it when Tony came to the same realisation, because there was a strange sense of familiarity that filled him up from head to toe. Even through the pain. Even through the noise.
like this. Not ever. It was… scary.
So he sat still, shut his eyes, and let Steve slowly undress him. One cufflink to the next, then slipping the fabric off his shoulders and neatly folding it at the side. Tony sighed happily when Steve placed an absent kiss across the surface of the reactor before he grabbed Tony’s faded band T-shirt from under the pillow and slid it over his head. “Arms up,” he said as he guided Tony’s hands through the fabric and slid it over his torso. Tony felt himself start to drift, pressed down onto the bed by Steve’s weight and the exhaustion that seeped through every layer of tissue within him. It’d been a long, long week. And Steve was warm, and soft, and home.
Oh God. Peter.
His dancer turned to him. “We’re going inside and getting you goddamn dried off. Duh. Come on- another second and you’ll start gathering frost.”
He and Bruce both stared at one another for a second. Then Steve made a strangled noise in the back of his throat and let the gun fall limply at his side. He rushed forward. “Tony.”
. But Steve wasn’t exactly known for his good sense of judgement, and hell-
“You don’t have a suit, Steve.”
it, and that was enough. Tony knew how hard it could be to apologise sometimes.
Ah. So the hair-petting was strategically done in order to soothe the blow of that statement then. Tony sighed. “Well that all sounds horrific,” he said, and then rolled his heavy head sideways, smiling at her. She returned it softly.
“Did.. did Steve steal my brain thoughts?”
Fine. Absolutely fucking fine, of course he was- did Tony just think Steve had gone and spontaneously died in bed while he’d been brushing his goddamn teeth? Jesus Christ, he was so stupid. He swallowed and clenched his jaw, feeling a painful throb in his head as he did so.
His feet were aching at the speed in which he was running, and he could hear himself screaming Tony’s name again- but the voice was being drowned out by the sound of metal bending and concrete crumbling away.
“Dude, you’ve barely spoken a word since coming in,” Clint argued, “please- I know you’re going through a tough time right now, but that’s why you need-“
Tony grinned up at him in response and then pulled out his gift from the expanses of his pocket. He tossed it into Steve’s chest, and the boy’s free hand caught it easily. “Saw it in the store while I was buying brunch bars. Thought it would help satiate your chocolate addiction.”
“SHIELD has a virus, and it’s spread throughout every limb of the organisation,” Tony sounded truly angry now, his face pulled together so tight that he’d reopened the cut on his forehead; fresh beads of blood forming along the gash. “I started out just trying to get back my weapons, but it’s so much more than that now. It’s about global safety; about stepping up and fighting a system that’s become infested with fucking evil, because
There were so many threads Steve needed to unravel.
It was perfect and thoughtful and by the time he got around to Steve’s envelope, he was already feeling pretty emotional.
Tony.
“We discovered Peter’s got a different enhancement,” Steve told him eventually, and that made Tony look up at him in surprise. He had to say, that hadn’t been how he’d expected this conversation to begin.
Steve chuckled again, and then he finally sat back, pulling Tony a little higher onto his chest so that the top of his head was resting under Steve’s chin. They both leaned back; heads once more titling to the stars above them, and admiring the strange contrast their peace and tranquillity brought to the still-bustling streets below them.
“There is
Steve watched, transfixed as the blue light activated in the eye-slits. It was all over in less than a few seconds, but almost a lifetime seemed to pass between Steve looking at Tony Stark and Steve seeing Iron Man. This was it, really. The ultimate proof. Of course, Steve had known from pretty much the first moment; the evidence had been damning enough. But now, it was impossible for Steve to consider Tony as anyone else. He was barely seven feet away, watching Steve with those glowing eyes.
Tony glanced at Steve for a moment, before shrugging. “Something like that,” he told Sam as the boy grabbed his arm and dragged him further in, sitting him down on the couch and promptly dropping the pile of books on his lap.
Tony resisted the urge to shut his eyes and thank whichever deity it was looking over him just then. “Yeah,” he took another tentative step forward, “yeah, sweetheart, it’s me—”
Fucking Tony Stark.
Tony barely managed to stand up and put himself in the path of Steve in time.
Confused at first, he blinked his eyes open blearily, wincing at the bright blueish light that buzzed up on his phone. He sighed in irritation- someone was ringing him.
“Sometimes he’d come and stay at mine for a bit to avoid his dad after an argument—and sometime he stayed over after it got physical. But it’s never… it’s never been this bad before, no.” Thor’s hands tightened around the wheel. “He was never officially kicked out. And this is the worst I’ve seen him looking after a fight.”
Steve laughed and kissed his eyelids- or at least, tried to. He ended up hitting Tony’s brow instead. “Those words don’t make any sense,” he murmured, before leaning back and pulling Tony up smoothly. It was moments like these when Tony was reminded very promptly of how strong Steve was, even while drunk off his ass. He repositioned Tony onto his lap so that Tony was straddling him, nodded to himself at his handiwork, and then immediately started to try and remove Tony’s clothes.
“I am going to order the Carbonara and you are going to sit there and deal with it like a man.” Steve signalled to one of the waiters before Tony could grab his hand, and the young lady began hurrying over to them.
“Well, you know me. I’m all about appearances.”
“Hey, baby, come on—”
Tony simply looked at him, his face blank. “Huh?” He sat up a little in bed, leaning back onto his elbows as he observed Steve with a curious face. “She wouldn’t do that. Today is product launch day. I can’t afford to cancel all of that now.”
Steve’s eyes went wide, and he looked over at Bucky. He hadn’t even thought of that.
And then Steve straightened up and stepped back, over in the direction of the door. Tony’s face fell right back down again. “Where are you—you’re not going, are you?”
But Natasha blocked the doorway, her face suddenly hard and sharp. He made to move her, but she slapped his hand away forcefully and shoved him backward. “The transmission might have broken, Steve, but we haven’t done enough tests to know whether its effects are gone for good. I’m sorry, but until we’re certain that you’re back to normal, you’re not going anywhere near him.”
“HEADS UP!” Came a shout as soon as the elevator doors opened to let the two of them into the penthouse, and Steve blinked in surprise, watching a whole box of cereal fly across the kitchen and land in Thor’s lap. Thor gave Clint a thumbs up in thanks, and then dug his hand inside, taking a large handful of Honey-Nut Cheerios and pushing them all into his mouth. Natasha, who was curled up on the kitchen counter like a kitten and scrolling through her phone, caught sight of the two of them first. Her smile was warm.
Tony stopped at the door of the living room. He looked down and smiled. “Perks of being a billionaire, Rogers,” he said softly; the same thing he’d said that night at the party, when he’d clicked a finger and cleared a room- everyone seemed to caught up in the dollar signs that surrounded him, it was actually…
Just thinking his name brought a smile to his mouth. Tony was… Tony was Steve’s everything. Sun, moon, and Stars- Tony encompassed Steve’s very existence. Without him, Steve would be nothing. He would have nothing.
“Ty?” Tony said, turning away from Steve and looking out of the window, and Steve swore just at the same time Thor did, both of them standing up from the couch and walking up behind him. “Listen to me, ‘cause I’m only gonna say it once. I don’t care about us, or what happens now, and I’m not gonna ask why you did what you did, because frankly, I already know.” His eyes flickered to Steve for a second before he looked back out of the window. “But if you go to the police about what happened with you and Steve today, believe me, I’ll be right behind you. And you know how much dirt I’ve got on you. It won’t be something you’ll come out of looking too good.”
Steve looked away and tried to ignore the harsh voice that told him,
They’d found out what had happened. He wasn’t sure how, but they did. It was probably on the news. Someone with a camera filming it all. Steve doesn’t remember much, if he’s being honest. He barely even knows how he got back to their bedroom, or how he got the cut on his forearm, or what Thor said to him when Natasha guided him through the door, or anything.
century, and it needed to. For people like Steve, it fucking needed to.
Down below, curled up in a ball near his feet and surrounded by a veritable nest of pillows, Bruce simply punched him on the back of the knee and then rolled over, hand reaching out blindly for his phone, which Thor slid away every time his fingers got close. Steve watched the interaction in amusement for a few minutes, and then laughed when Bruce finally opened his eyes and saw what Thor was doing, which, of course, resulted in a (short) wrestling match that had Thor sitting on the other boy less than three seconds later.
Ha. Yeah right.
He blinked rapidly and felt the tears slip silently down his face as he worked over Tony’s face. Thor came back a few minutes later, but he was empty handed, and he just shook his head. “I couldn’t find any butterfly bandages,” he said, “I got a roll of cloth bandage, but it’s not—”
“Why are we keeping diapers in the condiment cupboard?” Bruce asked as he walked into the kitchen with an incredulous look on his face, “also, I don’t know how to put one on. You’re gonna have to do it.”
“Sir, I am by far the most valuable thing in your possession, and this decision would be the most sensible thing—”
could you be? To do that to a
Steve looked at him, unimpressed. "No, he's not fucking ashamed, Bucky, you don't know fuck-all about me and him, what did I say about keeping your nose outta my relationship, huh?"
Eyes still shut, he nodded and then found the hem of his shirt, tugging jerkily. Steve, however, gently pressed open-palmed hands into his wrists and then slid down, taking Tony’s place and doing a far more efficient job. He’d gotten the shirt off quickly, and then to Tony’s surprise, he felt a shuffling a moment later as Tony was pushed away slightly, and then a soft warmth falling over his neck and pooling around his collar. It smelt like Steve.
Zeke managed to hold that gaze for about two more seconds before crumbling; looking down and coughing. With a shake of his head, Tony turned around, looking down seriously at Steve and then moving him back the way he’d come. “Okay. He gets it. Think it’s time to go, huh?”
Tony hopped onto the counter next to Steve’s side and threw a warm smile over to him, and Steve shook the train of thought away. He didn’t have to worry about that now. “You want some?” He said to the other man, waving to the bread. Tony nodded and so Steve popped another two slices in for him, accepting a kiss on the cheek in gratitude.
With a gruff nod, Tony waved him in and signalled to JARVIS to turn the music down, keeping his eyes on the circuit board balanced in his lap. “To what do I owe the pleasure?” He began, quirking an eyebrow and picking up a screwdriver.
“You never fucking
“-well about that,” Tony said somewhat sheepishly, and Steve felt his heart start to drop in disappointment, “actually, I’m just driving back from a quick stop off in Brooklyn to get some parts for one of my engines, and so I thought I’d take a detour and- well, I was just about to ask if you wanted me to come over for a little bit, actually. Seeing as I’m like, three minutes away right now.”
“St’ve,” he heard himself attempt the name, “St… Steve. I need… I need to tell you… I—"
Whatever. It was fine. Tony hated mornings anyway, he didn’t like talking to anyone or anything before his morning coffee.
And so that was apparently why, two minutes later when the bell rang, somehow Steve had found a cartoon drawing of Tony in his hands. It was rough and uneven from the cheap napkin and cheaper pen, but still.
His teeth chattered as he watched Natasha and Bruce quietly begin to move around the room, talking in low voices and picking up seemingly random bits of old junk from wherever they could find it. Admittedly, there wasn’t much, but they managed to make a small pile after ten or so minutes of pilfering and dismantling of various pieces of furniture. A few minutes after that, Rhodey came back in and Bruce went out, presumably to take over the shift. His best friend’s eyes zeroed in on him immediately. “You’re awake.”
“Do you trust me?”
Against Steve’s shoulder, he felt Tony shaking his head. Steve breathed out slowly, closing his eyes and resting his head against Tony’s gently. “What about your dad?” He asked softly, “where was he? Why wasn’t he…”
Another second of silence, and then the orange ring on JARVIS’ monitor pulsed:
or whatever horrible things everyone else liked to say about him, of course not, but- but he’d just sort of expected Tony to be more open to it, that was all. They’d had some pretty intense making-out sessions together, after all, but the furthest Steve had managed to get was pulling Tony’s shirt over his head before the boy ended up stopping them or getting distracted and then – well, then that was it. They did this any longer, and Steve was going to develop a complex or something- because he
She raised her eyebrows to that. “Oh, and you’re one to talk about people being pretty damned obvious with their feelings, are you?” She asked wryly. When Steve simply gave her a blank look, she just sighed. “One day you’ll take your head out of your ass, Steven. On a completely unrelated note- I’d just like to say thank you.”
He sighed, picking Peter up. It had been six very long days, by that point, and he could feel the way Steve had tensed up a little on the table. Tony didn’t want to have this conversation right now. He’d do something uncalled for, like get upset over it. It wasn’t even a big deal if Steve refused to interact with Peter, and always gave Tony funny looks whenever he did. It wasn’t important that Steve got snappy whenever one of the team made jokes about Peter being a new addition to their ‘happy family’.
That certainly caught everyone’s attention. Even Tony sat up a little straighter. Hamillton tickets were like
“How did you and Thor become friends, then?” Steve cut off his rambling with a question, fingers curling around Tony’s hand and wiping at the insistent patch of grease with a gentle touch.
There wasn’t a message waiting for him when he opened his phone, but that wasn’t unduly concerning. It was rare either of them had the time to type out a message while on a high-stakes mission. Instead, Tony pulled up the encrypted link to Steve’s vitals report, intending to give that a quick glance through instead.
He feels like he’s doing nothing. Like he’s helpless. So one night of yet more insomnia, he decides to put the ball on his side of the court.
Thor nodded his agreement, handing the baby over to Natasha, who was closest to him. “Me too,” he said, “I have to be gone by dawn tomorrow so I can get to Asgard in good time.” He bid them all goodnight and then sloped off, shoulders a little more slumped than usual.
Steve clenched his eyes shut. “Please, don’t hurt me like this,” he begged, “some other way. Any other way. Just not this, please-”
When Steve heard about the ship that had settled down over New York—about Tony going missing, presumed dead again, Steve felt like he’d just been gutted.
But when they’d finally gotten enough signal to reach Thor, the God had painstakingly told them he couldn’t leave the scene without putting hundreds of people at risk. And although Tony had wanted to say something stupid, something cruel about how
“Sure. How slowly do you want me to talk this time?” He asked, cocking his head as Steve began to pull out the rather musty-looking bandages from Sam’s first aid supplies.
“Greetings, soon-to-be birthday boy,” Carol ruffled his hair amicably and then pulled a face, “Clint invited me to come to your place, but I promise Rhodey I’d study with him and I can’t back out now. Sorry to bail.”
“Good luck putting that on his squirmy little ass,” Tony declared, “I’m gonna brush my teeth.”
“Steve, we are fucking
Or at least- it was okay right up until the one evening where it... wasn’t.
Clint put his hands up. "Whoah now, innocent until proven guilty! We don't know that he's mine yet."
gathering,” he said pointedly when he saw the look on Darcy’s face. She pouted, but said nothing.
Natasha shot him a long, pitying look. “Steve. It was five pm. You told him it was
But Steve didn’t even really consider that for longer than a fraction of a second. He never could, even if he wanted to. Which he didn’t. Despite everything he’d found out over the past 24 hours about the man he’d used to love, Steve would still never be able to do that to him.
The team were now all looking thoroughly confused. “We didn’t think you were saying that, Tony,” Steve told him, frowning a little. “Are you-“
“And how exactly do you intend to help me at all?”
But not like the way he cared for Tony. That felt… different. Burned harder, sharper, more painfully and fiercely. He’d been at the gym when he’d seen the news on the TV of Tony’s house being burned to bits, of everyone saying he was dead, and to say that the bottom had dropped from his world was an understatement. It was like being pushed into a new world all over again, lonely and terrifying and completely unfathomable. He’d been beside himself with panic, the prospect of losing his very first anchor to the future being something he couldn’t even bear to think about.
“God, I’m going to hate you in the morning,” Tony said quietly to his catatonic husband, looking behind him one last time and thinking of the terrible stiffness in his neck that he was going to wake up to. Steve didn’t respond, obviously- and Tony’s eyes found themselves drifting down, over to Steve’s left hand that was resting on the couch cushion. The gold band blinked back at him, and Tony smiled tiredly.
Steve came back five minutes later with a plate of banana slices and a water bottle- but no matter how hard they both attempted to wrangle some of the food into the little boy's mouth, he solidly refused to comply. By the twenty-minute mark, Tony was ready to start banging his head against the wall, and it seemed Steve was three seconds away from calling homeland security on the baby. How did parents do this shit? Robots, Tony could understand. They had their own language, they were logical beings with set commands and needs. This little thing in his arms? Nothing. Screaming was not a language! How were they supposed to communicate with nothing but loud-pitched wailing noises?
“None of that was you, Steve, come on, don’t be dense. Anyway, God, I’m not even talking about the mission. That’s barely even relevant right now. This is just,” Tony waved his hand vaguely, “this is about you always looking out for me. It hit me in Ohio, and it’s been all I could think about since. I couldn’t… I couldn’t be half the man that I am if you weren’t with me. And I know what you think about yourself—I know you might not think you deserve my trust, or that you’re some sort of weapon or monster or whatever—but I don’t. I don’t think
In the end, though, Tony just cracked a little smile. His right hand curled subconsciously around his left wrist. “Life’s too short for that, Rogers,” He said, but the tone of his voice just didn’t match up to the words that he spoke, “anyway- I need to get going. Party down at Hammer’s place in a bit. He’s a piece of shit, but he always gets the good stuff.” Tony shrugged, spinning on his heel and throwing up a hand in farewell.
They made out energetically against the door for at least ten seconds before Tony finally pulled back a little, pressing one last tiny kiss to Steve’s mouth as he went. “Good enough?” He asked, lip pulling upward in satisfaction.
It hit him, just how much this whole thing meant. Tony, who never stuck around with people long enough to let them in. Who smoked and drank and made bad life choices every other week to apparently rebel against a father who even his own AI hated. Who hid everything about himself under a careless smile and dark sunglasses and never, ever admitted to his weaknesses.
It had sounded so genuine—like a thing said in the heat of the moment, without any rehearsal. Then again, what did Steve know? Tony had been spinning people bullshit since before he could walk. He could well have done the same thing to Steve.
“No. Wait. You listen. T’me. Please,” Tony begged, trying to find Steve’s hand and clumsily hitting an elbow instead, “I’m a nightmare. I don’… I don’ know how to be a normal human. I sm’times have days when I can’t even hug people and will get stupid ‘n’ angry if you try, and then the next day I might get sulky ‘cause you’re
still die,” Richards pressed, shaking his head, “your past self is not you. He wouldn’t feel it. You’re two separate entities and
“You broke in?” Tony leaned back, incredulous. “Steve, how the hell did you manage to do that?”
“I want to,” Steve told him simply, sitting up and brushing the stray bits of popcorn from his shirt, “come on- where do you wanna go?”
"Actually, I do feel pretty damn concerned," Steve told him, eyeing him up and down, "you look ready to keel over. You're fucking lucky I pulled you out of that fight- like this, he probably would have kicked your ass."
“Good morning, Steven,” Tony’s breathless voice filtered weakly down the speaker, and Steve sighed out a huge breath, “may I just mention that that is not how I usually wake up and start the day off, so you do not need to worry about that. This was an outlier. Usually there would be more lounging than this.”
he shrugged. “Eh- it was okay. Boring, as usual; they gave us a test, I aced it, again, as usual,” Peter explained, carefully avoiding the fact that they’d been learning about The Battle of New York in lesson that day. He knew it was a touchy subject for his dad, and he didn’t want to risk upsetting him.
Steve froze. “Define what you mean by ‘love’,” he asked cautiously.
Tony saw him in the days after, when he was laid up in bed with a pained expression, breath coming in shallow as he tried to breathe through four broken ribs. Tony saw him bleed the same as any other soldier, red and deep and deadly. He’d put his fingers over stab-wounds to stop the otherwise fatal flow, sat by his side as Steve hovered on the line between life and death. And yeah, Steve healed faster, was harder to hurt. But that by no means meant that he didn’t. He put himself in more danger than anyone on planet Earth, constantly jumping in front of bullets to stop others getting hurt, signing himself up for painful missions that would push him to the edge, simply because he was the only one who
Slowly, he lifted a shaking hand off the bed and tentatively intertwined it with Tony’s own, feeling the comforting warmth of his partner’s grasp. Tony hummed imperceptibly and squeezed his fingers before they went lax again, and Steve let his thumb settle ever so softly down upon Tony’s slender wrist. Steve’s hands were so much bigger than Tony’s; he enveloped them easily, and he kind of loved that. He loved that it felt as if Tony was simply made to fit him, perfect and right.
Steve frowned into his food and tried to keep his mouth shut against the immediate and admittedly slightly petulant response that came easily to his mouth. Sam caught his eye and stifled a laugh, which just made Steve frown harder.
And now there was that God-awful video to contest with, too. They’d been working all day, but they still hadn’t found a source. It was fucking infuriating- the person responsible deserved to be brought to justice over it. Doing something like that was completely sick— and dear god, Tony had looked so young in the video, too, Steve wasn’t even sure whether he’d been legal at the time. The thought made him shudder violently. If it felt bad for him, God only knew how Tony was dealing with it.
“You wouldn’t fuck up, Steve.”
“he had
The noise of the door opening registered in Tony’s ears, however, because his head snapped up and his wide eyes looked straight at Steve, something undetectable on his face. Immediately, his gaze went to the bruise on Steve’s nose. It took a second for Tony to go from looking a little pale to entirely washed out, stricken with remorse.
The Avengers were a bit of a hit-or-miss when it came to children. Natasha and Thor were, generally speaking, hopeless at them, and always ended up saying things they shouldn’t in front of small people. Bruce could be okay sometimes, but only if he knew that the kids weren’t afraid of him (which they rarely were, even if he was Hulk they’d still love him). Clint was great; he just told them jokes and did magic tricks and they tended to fall in love.
“No, God, I am,” Steve interrupted with a wave of his hand, falling to the bed next to Tony’s feet and then looking at Tony like a puppy, “I’ve been thinking about it all night, and... look, you
“He’s not responding,” Steve responded shakily. Tony was unsure how long it had been since he’d gone down. Maybe he’d blacked out. “I think we’re too far down in the… He’s not fucking… fuck.
“There is a jet on the roof of the mansion,” JARVIS said eventually, and Steve sighed with relief, “I shall direct you to it now, if you will follow me.”
“Anthony- you’re gonna go out there, an’ you’re gonna do what I fuckin’ tell you, understand me?” Howard asked, his voice low and so full of venom that it actually took Steve back a little, “you can just ad-lib it. You think you’re so fuckin’ smart anyways, might as well prove it. But lemm’e tell you… this deal better go right, or I’m gonna fuckin’ kill ya’.”
The last thing he saw was Tony pressing a kiss against his own fingers and then brushing them across Steve’s cheek. Then his eyes closed against his will, plunging him into darkness.
“Guys!” Clint shouted from the kitchen, dragging their attention away from the scene in front of them as they turned to face him, “don’t know what kind of mother’s meeting is going on in there, but Dinner’s ready, so get your asses over here before Bruce steals it all.”
“Something like that, yeah,” Thor said with a huff, “what about you, Steve? Where are you headed off so fast?”
Steve was strong—strong enough to take out a whole HYDRA compound on his own—but not even a supersoldier could withstand a heavy blow from an Iron Man suit flying head-on at 60 miles an hour. Tony’s hands collided with Steve, sending both of them skidding along the floor and crashing into a table or two if the clanging was anything to go by, and while they were moving, Tony swiftly and efficiently brought his fist across Steve’s temple, using just the right amount of pressure as he impacted.
Tony. Okay- okay, so Tony had answered. Now what? What was Steve supposed to ask him? He couldn’t exactly tell the guy to come over and pick his ass up again- for starters, he didn’t even know where he was himself, and secondly, he wasn’t sure Tony would be up for going through that a second time. The first one had been stupid enough.
“Okay,” Tony mumbled, shuffling forward with jelly limbs and feeling Steve automatically open up for him, his hands curling very gently around Tony’s shoulders, warming him up immediately. The towel worked gently through his hair, and Tony’s neck wasn’t wet any more, he realised vaguely. The water had gone.
Zeke stepped forward again and Steve braced, absolutely fucking ready to punch the bastard’s lights out- but they both paused when someone yelled at them, and Steve let his eyes flicker to the source of the sound for a moment, and then a little more than a moment as he realised it was Tony who’d made the noise.
He loved his friends.
Tony was probably going to have to argue that later— there were some things that really did require a human eye to analyse everything, and they couldn’t afford to miss out on a single detail here— but for now he just let it lie with one curt nod. At least Steve didn’t have to see any of the initial testing. That was a positive. He didn’t need to watch something like that; it wouldn’t be good for him.
Maybe he’d slept on it funny. It happened some times. Days that were worse than others.
. “just fucking leave.”
“Aye,” Thor nodded proudly, pounding his chest with fervor, “I was taught English by a Professor of Norse Mythology. He thought it amusing to teach me to sound like a Viking! I too, find this funny- only when inebriated though.”
Tony shuddered, focusing on pulling off Steve’s running shoes and socks. That was not something he wanted to think abut. At all.
fifteen, don’t worry,” and then he pushed them both forward toward the table with a clap of his hands. “Guys, look who I found!”
that? Who else cares that much about us? About
Tony.
“Well, we aren’t going to help you with your Tony Stark problem if you hate us then, are we?” Bucky asked, whilst Peggy nodded solemnly.
“What? Imagine how much he’d love it.”
kill him. He’s in the cafeteria grabbing some food, but he’s gonna be with you as soon as he can.” The hand squeezed, and Bruce’s face came closer. “Steve, do you hear me? Tell me you understand me.”
to be done, for the sake of science, for progress. Supersoldiers haven’t been seen outside of Steve Rogers in the last hundred years, and AIM having control over one, possibly even an army of them—would be revolutionary. I know this. I need to… remember this.”
She licked her lips. She was in a loosely-bound dressing gown which revealed light blue pyjamas underneath. He would have felt terribly guilty about all this, had it been any other day. As it was, he realised he couldn’t have cared less if he’d tried.
“Nope, don’t worry,” Bruce wandered into their line of sight, patting Steve on the back and slipping onto one of the stools, “we were all perfectly well behaved.”
This confused him at first. Mainly because it was a Sunday, and that meant that there was no way he’d ever open his eyes before he was at least into double figures of the clock. So the fact he appeared to have regained consciousness three whole hours before those double figures had even occurred was deeply concerning.
Sometimes, Tony worried that there was something deeper going on. Sometimes Steve was so... different, than how he was normally. Cold. Unusually... cutting.
Christ, if he was dying, he probably needed to say something monumental. Something that actually meant something; as opposed to everything else he’d been fucking doing for the past year. It would need to be something that he would never regret.
hadn’t for four days, and that made Steve’s heart twist painfully. Tony at least deserved somewhere safe to stay. He did not even
Steve stared at him for a moment, before shutting his eyes and sighing. “Considering you’re a genius, Tony, you can be a fucking idiot.”
Turning unsteadily, he made his way into the kitchen, feeling a little as if he was in a daze. Tony had come to his house- he’d got his ring back for him, Jesus Christ, the marks on his face showed how much it must have cost him to do that.
He didn’t know what to do. He didn’t know what to fucking do.
Steve turned his head, looking at him drily. “I think it would’ve been more along the lines of ‘hold onto that one, Stevie, you idiot. He’s the real deal.”
, son of bitch!”
“Captain Rogers?” JARVIS said softly, and Steve blinked, the name jarring him out of his own head.
was all he needed. After that, he shut the phone off and opened up a new folder on his private database. He’d deal with the two of them later—he had a billion questions he wanted answers to, but they were going to have to wait. Maybe later he could get in touch with Stark himself, ask him what the hell had led him to finding all this information out.
at the other man without wanting to just curl up and shut his eyes. “How about you hop out and then we can both engage in that fun little activity that most couples would be doing at this time of the night?” He countered instead, running his fingertip across the damp skin of Steve’s arm.
“I’m sorry for bailing on you like that,” Steve said after a period of quiet, “were you alright with them?”
“I missed you,” Steve blurted, unsure where he was going with it exactly, but knowing that he needed to get Tony to believe Steve was still invested in him. Which he
There was a short silence, broken only by some awkward shuffling on Sam’s part. Bucky and Peggy seemed rather taken aback; shooting one another short looks of confusion.
He wasn’t sure how to explain any of that to Steve, though. It’d been done in the heat of some very intense emotions, and although Tony thought it was a good idea, he wasn’t sure how Steve was going to react to this. Would he like it? Or would he not want Tony to be fighting his battles like that?
“Steven you are truly wonderful,” he declared loudly, leaning into Steve’s shoulder, “if a little too trustworthy. I feel like I would’ve needed a solid hour and copious amounts of alcohol before I’d willingly give up my phone to another soul.”
But his hand stopped an inch away from the button, and he sighed as his brain immediately made the connection. “Susan.”
Tony wasn’t stopping, and Steve knew he wasn’t going to beat him unless he did something drastic. Tony’s reactor wasn’t a part of him any more, but it still powered the suit. He’d be okay.
There was a long silence, where Steve just stared at him.
“I know,” Steve told him, because he understood his best friend well enough to be able to finish that sentence for him in his head. “I know, Bucky.”
“Have a good day, boys,” she stopped to kiss both of them on the cheek, then wiped the lipstick mark off with a thumb and a small laugh, “stay out of trouble, eat your greens- and Sam, take out of the trash this morning, it’s your turn.”
so fucking easily, and all it takes, clearly, is a little bit of mind-whammying and I’m gone! You shouldn’t… I just don’t understand how you could trust me. I’m a killing machine, Tony. Look what I did to all those soldiers in the facility. What I almost did to you.” His voice ran dry and cracked down the middle, and he held Tony’s gaze as the man just looked down at him, eyes intense, filled with so much that Steve hardly even knew where to begin trying to unravel it all.
“I sure as hell hope so, otherwise these celebrations are gonna be a bit anticlimactic.”
“Well, in your defence, he caught you off guard. And he had a big pointy knife.” Tony put his tablet on the desk, and then a second later after a little internal debate, he picked it back up again and flicked a finger across the screen. “We’re dealing with a black eye, some swelling around the face, torn bicep tendon, and a hole in your side. Luckily I am amazing, and I know an even more amazing woman who can work magic on cell tissue. The knife-wound is pretty much all healed up. Might be a bit of tenderness for a while. Had to forego all the other more cosmetic damage though. She doesn’t like to stay around here very long, what with my whole ‘evil villain’ schtick, and the fact that if she gets caught near me she’ll go down for aiding and abetting. Bit of a downer, but that stuff’s gonna just have to heal on its own.”
“And you’re hungry, so it’s probably making you cranky. Now go sit on my bike and wait, I need to grab a jacket.”
He’d taken a moment to stand in the corridor and breathe, then pulled up Steve’s heart-rate on his phone, watching the steady pulses for five, maybe ten minutes. However long it had taken for him to count up to 1000 beats, anyway. It had helped, even if it was only for a minute or two.
So maybe he didn’t hate Tony Stark as much as he thought.
he wrote next to it.
“Hey hey hey, it’s alright, it’s okay-“ someone wrapped their hands around his clenched fists and slowly uncurled them, and when Steve looked up through blurry eyes, Tony’s face was there, staring at him in concern. “Just… just breathe, Steve, it’s alright- I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to… are you okay? I just thought- I mean you’d said you’d wanted it back and I thought… but I shouldn’t have assumed, I’m really sorry-“
“You’re insufferable.”
Because at that moment, a lorry veered around the corner and skidded next to the curb, sending a sheet of freezing cold water directly toward Steve.
Slowly, Tony curled his hand around the back of Steve’s neck and pulled him in. Their lips brushed, the softest of touches, and Tony whispered his goodbye against Steve’s mouth.
When he leaned back again, Tony’s eyes were shut and he was taking in a shaky breath. He waited a few seconds until he could see the electric blue of Tony’s eyes, and then grinned brightly. Couldn’t help it. He felt excited and nervous and
“How bad did it hurt, in the immediate aftermath?” Thor asked eventually, and he didn’t give context, but Steve knew what he meant anyway.
Peter just waited. Whatever form it came in, at the end of the day, the outcome would still be the same. They weren’t going to be a proper family any more.
“Out of interest,” Tony said breezily as his eyes narrowed in on Michael, “have either of you fine gentlemen ever come across the term ‘LMD’ before?”
He shook his head and pulled out his book from the depth of his bag, trying to focus on the work at hand. He hated math- couldn’t for the life of him understand how all those numbers formed any sort of sensible process- but that was really why he had to concentrate on the lesson, rather than getting so caught up in his own head.
, okay, sorry, guess that wasn’t actually a question, huh?” Tony scrabbled for purchase around Steve’s neck as the man gently wound his arms around Tony and then hefted once more, picking Tony back off the floor as easily as if he weighed nothing at all. “You know, I really can walk by my own, you don’t need to do this, I know you are currently in Big Strong Alpha Mode or whatever, but I am actually a human with legs that work, and so I think I’ll be-”
Steve hummed again. She side-eyed him suspiciously, but eventually must have just put it down to his funny mood because she let it drop. Steve was grateful- he didn’t fancy a lecture right then. Hell- he probably wouldn’t even go… but wasn’t this sort of thing just what Bucky and Peggy had been talking to him about last night? Networking, right? It was only a night. And Steve just wanted something different, for once. A change.
“Shut up, Bucky.”
Tomorrow would be better. Steve would make sure of it.
“Hey,” Steve whispered, flicking his kneecap, “thanks.”
Steve said in his foreign language, swallowing nervously and then running a hand through his hair, apparently trying to recall the lyrics, "uhhhhh... oh!
Tony’s lip curled. “Wow. No wonder Peter’s rejecting it,” he said, before adding, “but if you keep watch over my hot pocket so it doesn’t burn or get eaten by stray Avengers, I’ll take over dinner-time for you.”
Her face was pained. “I still won’t let you do it. You’re going to kill yourself.”
Steve watched him as Tony clenched his jaw and waited until the boy was ready to speak again. He wasn’t quite sure what to say to fill the silence.
“I’d say it’s more difficult for you to keep up than it is for me,” Steve cocked his head and smiled a little, and Tony glanced up when he caught the look. His lip curled- not amused, as such, but maybe a little bit pleased.
When a child was met with the harsh reality of their parent’s cruelty, what could they do other than sit there and take it and wonder whether or not this was what they’d deserved?
“You,” he tried, before stopping and re-evaluating, making sure that he hadn’t just hallucinated that, “you love me.”
One time a week or so after Tony had been discharged from hospital, Steve had been talking to Thor and Tony about the ridiculous results of the baseball game he’d just watched, his words fast and hands flailing frustratedly through the air, and Tony had only realised he’d stepped smoothly out of reach when his butt had hit the stool and sent it toppling over. He must have moved fast. And the way Steve had looked at him when he’d turned his head had been something Tony never in his life wanted to see again.
“Stop calling her a piece of crap and buckle yourself in, Rogers,” Bucky turned back to face the road, turning the keys and then wincing at the unholy noise it made in response. “This is fine, by the way. Just means it’s turning on.”
Tony looked at Steve, still trying to actually conceive what was happening here. Steve just looked at him, waiting for a sign of confirmation, and when Tony gave a confused nod of his head, Steve wasted absolutely no time in sweeping him directly off his feet and into an effortless bridal carry, beginning to manoeuvre them both out of the communal room at a brisk pace.
His touch was warm and tender, and there was no anger in his voice. Their eyes met. “I know you,” Tony continued along, his voice quiet, but resolute and determined. “I know why you do the things you do. I know that this ate you up inside. But all you knew was what you’d been told, and you… you were the only hope in hell SHIELD ever had of getting to me. So you made a choice. You put aside what you felt, in order to do what you thought would keep people safe.” He looked down at that, very briefly, and slid his hands away, back into the safety of his lap. “You hurt me,” he admitted, “what you did hurt me, Steve. And I… it’s gonna take a while for me to work through that. But how you responded when you realised that you had made a mistake was above and beyond what any other human on the planet would ever have fucking done. You broke me out of a fortress. You risked your job, your life, your…
It felt like the past few months had just been one stress after another. Steve didn’t want Tony to wake up tomorrow and go through the same thing that he had today. He was going to snap under the pressure, and when Tony snapped, bad things happened. Reckless, dangerous things that involved injuries or, on one gut-wrenching occasion just over a year ago now, a trip to the hospital for a stomach pump.
Steve only briefly admired the AI for its sheer humanity before he got to the point and put the computer at rest. “Tony’s stable,” he explained, “it’s been a rough night. But we’ve patched up the cuts and iced the bruises, we put his shoulder back in place and have been keeping an eye on the concussion. He’s not woken up yet, but I imagine he will fairly soon.”
“Stop what?”
Tony was out there, somewhere. He was still alive, and he still loved Steve, despite all of it. Steve hadn’t been going mad.
Steve sighed, leaning forward and resting his cheek against Tony’s shoulder. “S’pose that’s fair,” he muttered, “I
Steve sighed, turning back to Thor. “Alright, alright, let’s go.” He crouched down and got eye-level with Peter. “Behave yourself,” he told the boy solemnly, while Peter leaned forward and then grabbed his nose with a podgy fist. Steve huffed, tugging Peter’s hand away gently before ducking down and pressing a kiss to his soft head. Tony watched the interaction with a bitten-down smile, then pulled Steve off in the direction of the elevator.
“You know why, Steve,” he said quietly.
It took three seconds, but eventually he heard the doors whoosh shut behind her with a soft and almost sad-sounding click. The room fell back into silence. With a wavering breath out, Tony screwed his eyes tight shut and bit his lip, wondering when the Goddamn hell the shaking in his hands was going to stop.
He blinked once, and then nodded. “I- yeah,” he breathed, walking forward a few more paces until he was stood next to Tony’s side, “so this is where all the genius stuff happens, huh?”
He shuddered and closed his eyes as hot water sluiced over his shoulders. Tony was in their room, having pushed back the trip by a few days while they sorted all of this out, and Steve was taking a shower to get the grime of the police station off him. He’d remained there for a few hours, watching in on the interrogations with quiet intensity that he wished would burn through the mirrored glass, just so that Redford would squirm. He hadn’t ultimately been able to do much though, and so eventually he’d headed home, back to Tony, whom Happy had escorted back to the tower as soon as he’d arrived on the scene. Steve had made sure to do a proper examination of him once he’d dealt with Redford, but Tony genuinely hadn’t been touched. In fact, nothing had. Forensics hadn’t found a bullet embedded anywhere, so for whatever reason, Redford must have shot straight up in the sky.
Steve wished that his birthday didn't fall on the day of American Independence. There'd be far less fireworks if it didn't.
Steve didn’t have time to try and process Tony’s shock-fuelled words. He just pressed a frantic kiss to the man’s cold forehead, thanked God for their luck, and then slid around the side of the car in order to deal with whoever it was that had decided to try and shoot Tony Stark in broad daylight.
The rest of his sentence was lost in an ear-piercing scream.
So instead he just laughed, and then shoved Ty’s hand off his shoulder sharply. “I think I’ll decide that for myself, thanks,” he said, making the warning evident in his voice. He glared at Tiberius without fear, and the other boy stared back, obviously a little shocked at the blunt way in which he’d just been spoken to. Maybe he wasn’t used to it.
Tony pulled an incredulous face, untangling his fingers from Steve’s in order to move them instead to his neck, tilting his head back up so he was looking at Tony. Before he could let his remaining nerves get in the way, he pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek. “I want you to tell me every single fucking time,” he declared vigorously, “every time, Steve, you hear me? I don’t care how much I love it. If it hurts you, then it’s not for me. And you don’t… you don’t need to meet me in the middle or compromise on this stuff, okay. You don’t need to put on the stupid ears,” Tony’s fingers moved, tugging off the plastic ears and then tossing them onto the table, “not if the thing that you’re celebrating is a thing that exists off the back of your misery. I don’t want you to do that. Not ever.”
. It was insane. It was like watching magic.
“It’s nice though, right?” Steve asked slightly cautiously—the last thing he wanted was for Tony to get annoyed by being here—but Tony just shook his head and then stumbled into his hold, hands wrapping around the back of Steve’s waist as he buried his face into Steve’s chest.
He bristled. “I’m fine," he bit out with a roll of his eyes, "I’m just tired of waiting for you to all stop looking at me like I’ve been diagnosed with terminal cancer. Kind of puts a downer on my mood.”
Tony just looked away, jaw clenched tight and hands fisting into the table. “He’s being stupid,” Tony snapped, “I’m fine, look at me. I wish he’d just get the fucking memo.”
“Sir is dead.” The words were the ones of every automated program, but the grief held underneath them was that of a child who had just lost his father, a life, a whole reason for being.
Steve gaped at him as he smiled back down. “You expect me to do
“In what world will this ever be okay?” Tony asked him, “I just lost… my own father did this to me!” He gestured jerkily at himself, seemingly getting more and more agitated as he spoke. “Why? What did I do… loving you? I loved someone, and that was enough for him! To throw me out like I was nothing!”
The man was stood there, seemingly gaping aimlessly in front of him. It was obvious that their attacker was aiming for him now; Steve could see it in the aim and trajectory, and the gun had definitely fired. His heart plummeted. “TONY!” He screamed, wrenching himself forward and sprinting toward his lover in terror. Every other thought slipped instantly from his mind, focuses solely on this one thing. If Tony had been hit in the chest, he could—
Tony sighed in dismay, worry fluttering around in his belly. “But this isn’t healthy and I’m worried sick!” He exclaimed, “Steve, you look like death, I
Full on, completely froze. He was pretty sure even his heart stopped.
John talked for a few more seconds, eventually ending with the fact that they were going on a second date next week, and Steve smiled at him. That was great. He was now the second one in the group who’d made a move like that, and Steve was proud of the guy. He talked for a little bit about coping methods, told them all that this was the point in the exercise: moving on. “Seventy years ago, I thought I’d found the love of my life,” he said gently, turning to look at all of them, “then I woke up here. Thought it was all over. That I’d lost my one shot. But then I met Tony, and at first, it was hard. It was difficult to move on ‘cause I felt like I was betraying her. But I know that she would have wanted me to be happy. And if your partners loved you, then you know that’s what they would have wanted too.” He paused, before smiling softly and looking down at his lap. “I’m happy now. I never thought I could be. And it took a lot of time. But I found love again, found reason, and there is not a damn thing in the universe that I would trade that for now. And I believe that all of you will too.”
“Mmmf,” Steve squinted up at him and then rolled, turning his head back into the pillows, “are the clocks into double digits yet?”
Tony bit his lip, but nodded at him all the same, cupping his hand against Steve’s jaw. It felt like any moment now, he was going to wake up and it’d all be over. He’d be alone again, just waiting for the team to snap and realise that he just wasn’t worth their time.
Tony took in a haltering breath, then looked down. “Yeah,” he murmured, no confidence in his voice.
Steve looked up at it in awe, internally praising Tony’s mind. Always thinking ahead, always coming up with innovations that left everyone else reeling. “Certainly looks impressive,” he said with a huff of air.
Tony had nodded and smiled and pretended that was what he fucking cared about, while he looked at the clocks and counted down the hours until he could just go home.
“Oh, come on man! Have you been making out all this time?”
The soft knocks against the door filtered through Tony’s ringing ears, and he knew that Steve was waiting for him on the other side of it. He tried to say something, but the air wouldn’t make its way out of his throat, couldn’t even get down into his lungs- it was stuck in the middle, stagnant. His head was wet, dripping down onto his shirt, clinging to the ends of his hair, disgusting and cold and terrible. He heard himself whine and curl in a little further against the toilet bowl- God, how
Tony laughs, and it tastes bitter in his throat. “You don’t care about me. Not really. I don’t know how to love people. Dunno how to even tell someone I… I…” and he can’t even
In a second that LMD was going to do some serious damage to Natasha’s leg, and the frequency blasting out through the speakers wasn’t doing jack shit to it. Maybe that was because Tony was going the wrong way up the scale, though.
But he’d just… he’d been tired. And upset. And he’d thought it would be okay, just for the night. Just that once, he’d thought they might just leave him alone and let him rest. He
He put a hand to the door when he reached it and took a small breath. “Steve?” He called out tentatively, “Steve, sweetheart, it’s me. Tony. Iron Man. I’m coming in now, okay?”
Steve himself decided he should probably start looking for a cab rather than just standing around watching Tony, so he glanced into the road and held up a hand. “One week,” he agreed with a nod, “I love you t—”
to stay the fuck away from him,” Tony snarled, slamming Ty against the locker, “what part of that did you not get?”
He ended getting distracted from the question in the end (Steve was very good at doing that to him, especially when his mouth was in places that managed to shut 90% of his brain functions off completely), and by the time he’d woken up the next morning, he decided that he was going to just keep it all as a surprise. He could work on the ideas on his own, perfect it all, and then when that had been achieved, he’d ask. And Steve would hopefully say yes, and Tony would probably start crying or something, and then Steve might start crying too, and oh, yeah, there was another thing that Tony could add to his ever-growing list of ‘Things that will make The Proposal perfect’: Tissues.
God, okay, fuck it, he wanted to look too badly. Napping was gonna have to wait.
“Did you scan me?” He asked firmly, pulling his eyes back open in order to glare at Bruce.
Tony was definitely Iron Man. That much was now undeniable. Steve had seen it himself. But Iron Man didn’t go out and fight evil robots—hell, he
“You’re the Steve guy, aren’t you?” Peter asked, straightening up and eyeing Steve curiously, “you’re the one who stopped Tony beatin’ up Zeke that time, right?”
Steve snarled loudly, furiously, eyes flashing as he lifted a hand and then curled it painfully tight around his hair, looking down at the floor. Tony took another step forward. “You’re going to be okay Steve—”
Tony launched a few feet in the air, watching as Steve started the simulation again. The task was not just to be able to run through the specific moves and routines, but also to be able to do it while under pressure or facing multiple foes. Tony had created this whole compound for that purpose alone. Rooms equipped with everything they could possibly need, including the massive hall in which they were currently working and a realistic computer simulation that gave them the pressure aspect.
Tony was trying to get into his head
Steve was the leader of an entire army.
“School is hard work,” Peter complained, flopping on to the stool and leaning on his dad’s shoulder theatrically, “It drains me of energy that I need to replenish with Lucky Charms.”
give me permission to threaten him with death if he hurts you, seeing as you just moved up a stage in your relationship and I’m allowed to interfere again.”
And then he was gone.
Of course, Steve had been right. Looking at them while Tony made their little girl giggle uncontrollably at something or another, Steve couldn’t think of a single damn thing that he could improve upon.
Steve looked up as Tony walked past him, eyes widening a little as a soft ‘oh’ escaped his lips.
Small, at first, but then it got louder. And louder. Some sort of crackling, like sparks on a firework, and—
Steve flushed and looked away, guilty. “I can—I’ll tell Pepper to put them back if you want, sorry, it’s just—”
Another silence. Steve moved his foot and accidentally sent one of the grocery bags tumbling. He shut his eyes and pursed his lips, ignoring it. Tony was still staring.
“Did you know they were taping?”
, isn’t it?”
“No, dammit, we’re not, and I don’t see why it has anything to do with you, either!” Steve said angrily, turning to her in annoyance, “so can you just let it go?”
Steve looked up at him- Tony- battle-worn and and tired and bruised, but alive. Steve hadn’t failed him, Tony was still here.
“I- no,” Steve began, pulling a face, “you might be stalking
Which, of course, sent his mind reeling. Again.
Steve’s head jerked up, and he watched with an open mouth as his dancer suddenly stumbled out of the main doors to the studio, coat slung haphazardly over his shoulders as he rushed across the street and over toward him.
Fuck.
They both laughed a little, looking at one another and shrugging. “He’s not far off, really,” Rhodey admitted with a shrug, “we can accept making a few enemies if it means there’s one less asshole poking around in Tony’s life.”
As he slowly calmed back down and began to drift off once more, he vaguely wondered whether or not the boy who Steve had been months back, when he’d first moved to Manhattan, alone and orphaned and more miserable than he’d ever thought he could be, would ever have imagined he’d reach a stage like this. Wrapped in the arms of someone else, sleeping on a pillow-strewn floor of a friend’s house with a dozen other people.
He rolled his eyes, making three obvious banging noises on the floorboards before beginning to wander back the way he’d come through. Tony was off somewhere down another hall, maybe heading to the living room or God-knows-where in that huge ass house, but Steve could still hear him shuffling about, so obviously he was still nearby.
Tony continued on, unfazed. “Okay, so I have a proposition,” he said casually, pushing open the main exit doors and then plodding easily down the stairs. He stopped halfway down, however. “I’ll let you down if you agree to go on a date with me.”
“Tony don’t-“ Steve called after him, and he moved forward but Bucky still kept hold of his arm, so Steve slammed his shoulder angrily into the boy’s chest and shoved him off before turning back around.
Steve rolled his eyes and kicked out across the bed, poking him in the stomach. “Don’t be an idiot,” he said, “Tony Stark is not… that sort of person. I’m just curious, that’s all.”
Tony would like to point out that he was perfectly coherent enough to be taking off his own clothes- however, at the same time, he
“So,” she began quietly, “I know you’re angry, and you have every right to be- Bucky was out of line last night and everyone, including himself, knows that. But I just want you to hear me out for a second, okay?”
“Hey, don’t call her a bitch!” Bucky stroked a hand over the wheel and looked at Steve, offended as he stuck out his chin. “And I shall have you know that I do in fact have a license. Valid and everything.”
He worked for six hours straight, and Steve didn’t come down to see him once.
and I still fucking said no, you can’t have it, this is mine- so yes, Steve, maybe I did feel sorry for you, because I fucking
Steve opened his mouth, but Tony just shook his head and started walking. “He has a tendency to hold grudges and he likes to hang out with his shit buddies by the bus stop you take- you are getting a lift back with me.”
“IT’S YOU TWO!” Peter yelled, jerking upward again and throwing his hands in the air. “God, this is the first time you’ve been this close to each other in ages! I haven’t seen you look each other in the eye when you’re around one another except to argue! Why the hell are you both being so
your fault. This will never,
11:50pm.
“I called him, Bucky, Jesus,” Steve said exasperatedly, “it’s fine-“
Tony snorted, then winced as it contorted his face. His chuckles were slightly wet, but so were Steve’s, and when Rhodey joined in, his sounded damn near hysterical. Because none of this was okay. It was all so, so fucked up. But God, laughing felt good.
Then he shut the door again, content that all his morning tasks were complete. Of course, unwilling to let Tony have the last word, his phone buzzed as he got into the car, and he looked down to see Steve’s name at the front of his screen.
Later, when he’d been carried back to the jet and brought home, they realised it was because of HYDRA.
He felt the back of a spoon thwack his shoulder in response, and turned back to Tony while Maria just giggled and cheered. The man was rolling his eyes. “I hate when you two team up on me,” he said, “for the record, I’d like to say that it was all going fine until I was abandoned by Stark junior when I needed her most!” He pointed the spoon accusingly at her. “You went off to hug daddy and left me on my own to try and find the salt. So really, this is all on you.”
Sitting up a little on his elbow, he reached over and pulled the phone off his desk, checking the caller ID. If it was an unknown number, then he was straight-up just going to ignore it.
Steve blanched, holding steady for a moment sagging against the wall desolately as he bent and buried his head into his hands.
and-“
And then, in the time it had taken for the bowl to crash and split into shards, it all started coming together.
He was where he belonged again.
Tony shouted at him,
But Steve… Steve was so warm. So much warmer than that horrible fucking tank of water-
“Then I’ll force you out.”
“Hey, sweet-cheeks,” he responded, “how’s the old ticker doing?”
“Gonna visit my mom,” he said simply, swallowing and looking down, “she- uh… we both loved December, back when... and it’s been a while since I visited, so. Yeah.”
“Can I stay here for a bit,” Steve asked mutely, standing tense in front of him. Tony frowned, sitting up a little and then extending a hand automatically. Steve took it, ridiculously grateful for the contact of warm skin against warm skin.
Steeling himself, Steve reeled off the situation and events as they’d unfolded that previous night. The lack of sleep was starting to take a toll on him, but he intended to chug another cup of coffee once he’d gotten off the phone, so he’d be okay. Tony still hadn’t woken up yet, but Thor had taken over watching him temporarily while Steve got in touch with all his friends.
God. He’d
“Thank you,” he whispered suddenly, cutting through Tony’s speech more effectively with those two quietly spoken words than Fury could in a direct scream.
Tony pulled away before Steve could retaliate, smiling dopily down at Steve like they’d just done way more than share a kiss. But his face sobered a little when he took Steve’s hand on the bed and squeezed, swallowing down a lump in his throat.
for you, you must know that,” he said dramatically, lifting a hand to his forehead while he fell back and pretended to swoon. Steve, of course, simply caught him with a roll of his eyes.
Until the moment Rumlow killed him, however, Steve was going to give as good as he damn well got. With a snarl, he ducked under the next swipe and then threw a hand upward, finding Rumlow’s wrist and gripping tightly. He had the advantage over Rumlow when it came to sheer strength, and after a second of resistance, Brock had no choice but to give way; sliding to the side as Steve drove the blade in the opposite direction. It buried itself in the nearby wall with a grinding thud, and Steve didn’t waste time trying to pull it back out again. He’d never been much good with a knife, and he had always preferred a simple fistfight over anything else. Not wasting any breath, he immediately hiked up a foot, swinging it around and hitting his opponent dead in the chest. Rumlow stumbled backward with a wheeze, and Steve followed vigilantly, his fist rising for a swing. But the other man recovered too fast, using his backward momentum to fall to the floor and roll, rising straight up again and tackling Steve in the midsection in the space of about two seconds.
The hall was still dark, so Steve had to take Tony’s hand again in order to navigate them over to the living room. Once successfully there, he gently guided Tony onto the couch, where he went with a thump.
"What the damn hell is that supposed to mean?" Bruce blurted, before his eyes widened and he turned to everyone else. "Oh My god- you don't think he could be...
pained-“
He was just… soft. It was a wonderful look on him.
And Steve had looked at him, taken his hand and pulled Tony’s body into his side. “Just by saying that alone, I know you would never ever be close to what your father was,” he’d responded with, the words coming confidently and with ease, because it really just wasn’t a question. Tony loved with everything he had, and if given the responsibility of a child, there would be no way in hell he’d ever let the kid down. Not even the slightest fucking chance.
Steve frowned slightly. “Huh?”
He stopped, turning around again and looking over to Tony. There was a sad smile on his face, and when he looked at Steve, there was so much behind those eyes, even if it was only fleeting.
down to try and settle him, when he said that
Palming a hand over his forehead, he opened up his phone and went into his messages again. His fingers lingered over the keyboard, trying to decide on whether or not to text Tony again- but in the end, he just threw it across the bed with a loud sigh and then flopped back onto his back. He’d already tried four times. If Tony wanted to answer him, he would have by now. Steve just had to get on with the fact that he wasn’t going to be getting a response from Tony anytime soon, if at all.
“Yeah, baby,” Steve laughed and looked down at him fondly, “you were exhausted.”
“Spit and curse at you and make people fear financial ruin?” Tony pulled a face. “Easy as breathing.”
Tony just laughed, unwilling to actually remove his lips from Steve’s own and so saying “you’re not the idiot who didn’t fucking realize he could have been getting this for years,” against Steve’s teeth instead.
“He met me when I was getting beat up behind school. He was having a smoke, I think, and when he came ‘round the corner he just stared at all three of ‘em for a second, put the cigarette in his mouth and then kicked all their asses without even breaking a sweat. It was the coolest thing I’ve ever seen, actually- but that’s derailing from the point,” Peter waved a hand, “anyway- yeah, afterward he fixed me up and bought me lunch, cuz they’d stolen all my money. He was nice to me- and like, back then, barely anyone was nice to me. But at the end of it, he said it was a one-off thing. That he was only doing it because he didn’t like people taking up his spot.” Peter pulled a face, but then it turned into a grin as he added “it was only a one-off until it became a two-off. Then a three-off. Tony talks the talk, but at the end of the day, he really does care. And eventually, he just gave up trying to pretend he didn’t give a shit about me.”
, Tony, I nearly killed you—”
Steve shut his eyes and nodded solemnly. “I apologize in advance. Now get down here and kiss me again.”
**Side Note: Tony's Italian Translated:
Tony paused, and then Steve heard the sound of rustling next to him. Looking to the side curiously, he watched Tony pick up the pencil that had been in Steve’s hand and then scratch in the answers on Steve’s book, one after the other. He watched, more than a little fascinated, as Tony methodically worked through each one of them and then put down the pencil thirty seconds later, Steve’s book now complete with the answers. He hadn’t even done any working out.
“It was me, wasn’t it,” Steve whispered, mouth falling open in horror. “When I… when I grabbed you. I made them.”
“Christmas is going to be really weird,” he blurted, “without you. I think I’m going to be pretty sad. But, I mean, Tony will be too. And Thor, probably. I think we’re all a little fucked up, to be honest.”
So yeah. Tony felt proud. He felt proud, and he felt kinda stupidly happy.
He nodded. “I will. Night, Mr. Wilson.”
“Was I smoking?” Tony murmured, hands grabbing Steve’s collar and pulling him down again, “I don’t remember anything before about 15 seconds ago.” He pressed a harder kiss into Steve’s mouth that time, and Steve made a keening noise in the back of his throat at the contact, savouring every second in which Tony’s mouth was on him. He felt like he could just sit here forever, on the rooftop with Tony, kissing him, feeling the rapid thread of his heartbeat under his fingers as he curled his hands around Tony’s neck.
In the distance, he heard the revving of an engine, and for one glorious moment he thought it might be Tony’s bike. But the sound was too low, too heavy to be that of a motorcycle. It was some sort of sports car, by the sound of it.
It had been irritating- but Peter wouldn’t have minded now. If it meant they’d been doing it together, sending stupid smirky grins toward one another or just holding hands at the table rather than looking cold and tired- he wouldn’t have minded at all.
“-Anyway, we were just heading out to the Royale down near Park Avenue, you heard of it? They do the most amazing Lobster Thermidor, seriously- you two should come. We can catch up, it’ll be fun!” One of them said, and he almost wanted to laugh as he looked down at his shoes- second hand converse that Bucky had given to him three years back when he’d outgrown them- and wondered if they’d even let him in to that restaurant when he looked like that.
“Tony, you’re four hours late,” he said quietly, “everyone’s gone home. Party’s over.”
Bucky just laughed, patting him on the back playfully. “Don’t apologise. I think I like you more than ever after hearing that.”
“The classic red Mustang parked rather shoddily on the other side of the sidewalk,” JARVIS informed him helpfully, and Steve nodded, the model springing into his mind. Tony had driven him out in that once; it was one of his favourites.
stealing my Dad’s car in order for you to turn around and just keel over at home, Steve. I am taking you to the hospital, end of story.”
“I worry about you so much,” Steve admitted quietly, “all the time, Tony, I can’t- I thought you were going to die today, it’s not…. I don’t know how to handle that, I can’t- Oh God-“
“Probably,” Tony shrugged, and then one of his friends took hold of his shoulder and started tugging him backward, undoubtedly to the back exit where they’d all go for a quick smoke.
His fingers remained, hovering a few inches away from Howard Stark as the loud sound of nothingness filled the room.
“Four bars, promise,” he said, “I’ve got our bags packed and ready, we can go whenever you say the word.”
Tony was there. Fifteen feet away.
"Fuck off, Steve, I'm moping," she replied, her voice muffled by the couch cushions. Steve tried to dislodge her, but she was unfairly strong and it was mostly a failed endeavor. The most he managed to escape was one foot, but the other remained firmly perched.
When Tony is sat, wasted and sleep-deprived in his workshop with a bottle of pills staring temptingly up at him- that’s one of those times.
Natasha and Clint both gasped in betrayal, before narrowing their eyes over at Steve. “That was cheating,” Clint said accusingly.
“Oh come on, Tony Stark’s business is like, everyone’s business.”
“Barcode, identifier, Producer, that sort of th—” Tony paused, spotting a mark a few centimetres underneath the LMD’s collar. He peered in closer to read the letters stamped onto its skin. “Ah.”
God-given day.”
“I don’t remember my reasons at the time,” Tony carried on after however many moments of silence- maybe a few, for all Steve knew, he’d lost track of everything other than Tony’s words a while ago. “Maybe I was trying to piss Howard off as much as possible. Maybe I wanted to push myself as far away from my family name as possible, seeing as the only living relative left in it was someone who’d never even loved me. Maybe I was just grieving.” He sighed gently, and Steve watched the fingers of his left hand twitch absently toward his pocket- the craving to smoke apparently hitting him in automatic response to talking about this stuff.
,” he bit out, “I’m fucking fine, I just… stupid burn, wasn’t thinking,
he thought absently, as the first tear slipped down his cheek.
When he reached Tony, he was pulled into a hug that was a little tighter and lasted a little longer than usual. Tony kissed him on the forehead quickly and then leaned back. “Hello to you too,” he said through a smile, before he frowned, “are you shaking? How long have you been out?”
Seven days later, and the two of them were simply sat curled up with one another on the couch when it happened. Tony had just been watching the reruns on TV, Steve reading War of the Worlds next to him, when his mind ended up wandering over to the new coding updates that he had yet to apply to the new suit he’d been working on. They were fairly simple, really, but it’d help to regulate the stabilization of the repulsors even when working on emergency power. He’d probably need to rewire the thrusters a little, but he could probably get it done tonight if he concentrated-
“Tony’s that way,” he said, pointing off Northward where Iron Man was frazzling Ebony Maw with untamed power, backed by Thor’s lightning and shielded by Pepper’s Rescue Armour.
much for me.
Eventually, he got to a point in the morning where he couldn’t stay any longer. He’d already missed first period, and he didn’t want to let Mr. Wilson down any further by not sticking to his promise. He was loathe to leave Tony’s side, but he didn’t have a choice.
“What’re you smiling at,” Tony mumbled, propping his chin up against Steve’s sternum and looking at him questioningly, and Steve blinked, realising that Tony was right and a fond, absent-minded smile had been plastered over his face for the duration of his little daydream.
Steve nodded softly against his neck, remembered the flash of a memory that wasn’t quite his—the last thing that a version of Steve Rogers had seen before he’d died. It had been Tony’s eyes.
Steve just rolled his eyes, walking over to the desk where they’d chucked the ears earlier (too difficult to manoeuvre). He put them back on his head and then leaned against the surface of Tony’s desk. Tony sat up, attempting to wolf-whistle. Due to the fact that he had never wolf-whistled before in his life, however, he gave that up pretty quickly. “A vampire playboy? It’s like all my dreams are coming true at once.”
Steve followed; ducking under the branches and noting with surprise that the huge clump of bushes was hollowed out the middle. In front of him, it seemed Tony had found what he was searching for, because he smiled mischievously and turned back to Steve, cocking his head. “How averse are you to what may
That wasn’t right. Steve had let him fall.
Steve powered through the urge to just get up and run. This was already in territory Steve wasn’t comfortable with. “The army—after everything… couldn’t do it any more,” he muttered, not thinking of Peggy, or bombs, or ‘
Tony laughed at them all, and his gaze flicked over Steve for a moment before he raised an inconspicuous finger, asking him to wait a second. “Yeah, sorry, I’ve just been super swamped lately. I’m actually-“
for Steve. His balance was shaky and he looked like he’d been pretty injured, but his smile was beautiful and genuine as he spotted Steve hurrying toward him.
“And you?” Tony asked, looking back at him as he began making his way up the huge stairs at the end of the corridor.
He checked back at Steve, watching him put his serum-enhanced reflexes to use as he dodged out of the way of a double attack from two high-paced enemies, body twisting and rolling like water. He’d already got a solid hit to the first one, but the second was still holding strong, keeping up with Steve’s pace and nipping out of the way of any hits before they could land. Even so, Tony didn’t doubt that Steve would come out on top any minute now. And Natasha and Clint seemed to be doing okay as well. The cyborg was strong, but the pair of Avengers had years of experience on their side, and after working with Tony for so long, they’d become used to the tricks of the robotic trade.
his back hit the solid wall at the other end of the room and Tony looked like he was going to follow him, he was vaulting the bed and getting close, eyes wide and face panicked, and Steve had no other choice.
She nodded, and after another few seconds she slipped out of the room with the promise of sending someone else in after her quickly. He let her go, numb and ice-cold as he looked down at his hands through tear-blurred gaze.
and Tony answered with a ridiculously accentuated
Loki sat down gingerly in the armchair, far away enough to still seem unattached to the situation, legs crossed casually. But he kept his eyes on Tony as he sipped at the water in his hand, and Steve did the same. He was due to be woken up again soon, although it had been a good few hours by that point, and he seemed stable enough. Didn’t mean Steve was going to let up, though. Not until he was certain.
Everyone froze, and Natasha raised her hands. "Well it's not mine," she told them all drily. "Any of you remember who you were banging nine months ago?"
"Steve, you have been making strange noises at your crotch for over three minutes now, and I am beginning to get concerned," his teacher said from over his shoulder, and Steve yelped in surprise, looking up from the text he was reading and fumbling the off-switch on his phone.
“He won’t do it again,” Tony argued, tone firm, hand holding tightly to Steve’s own.
Not Happy. Please, please not Happy. Not him too.
_____Steve_____
“I know where to find you,” Steve finished with a small smile, nodding his head. “Yeah, I know Sam. Thank you.”
“Oh my God,” Steve gasped, hands fluttering around his face, no idea where to settle. Tony’s eyes were hazy and unfocused, but when they drifted toward Steve, he smiled weakly.
“And I’m hard.”
He tried to work out what Tony was getting at as the boy pulled open his cupboard and buried his head inside, searching for what was probably a first-aid kit. Did Tony think Steve was going to judge him for enjoying science? Jesus Christ- Steve liked looking at
Tony grinned, and stepped a little closer “Then let’s get moving, art-boy.”
Sam sometimes warned him about making rash decisions in the heat of his emotion, always saying he would regret it later. But this was not something he would ever do differently, if he was given the choice. Whether it was a day or a decade between Tony dying and Steve discovering he could change that, Steve would always choose this path. Always.
“I think I’ll be the judge of that, yeah?” Tony tugged at his wrist, pulling him into standing position and then gently uncurling his fist. Steve decided to let him- he knew Tony would only bug him about it for the rest of the day if he didn’t.
“Nnnrgh,” Clint muttered as Tony walked forward with a laugh, “I don’t give a shit. Not my husband.”
Steve rolled his eyes and pushed Thor’s stomach, although it didn’t exactly do much. Someone who could bodily lift Tony off the ground with ease wasn’t exactly going to be swayed by his stick-thin arms. “I’ll be fine, tell him to stop worrying.”
“I don’t want to do that,” Tony said instantly, looking at him from the bed, “this is… this is your room too, Steve. Come sleep in it. With me. Please. You look—”
“Sorry,” Tony just muttered in the end, “sorry, I... yeah. I’ll call them later.”
For the next two minutes he watched, horrified as they – for lack of a better word-- tortured the two-month old baby to try and see whether he would respond. Peter screamed and cried, legs kicking out in distress as he lifted his arms up and begged to be held. But what was worse was that not one single person in the room even batted an eye, except for Lewinsky herself, who began to get slightly agitated toward the end. She eventually motioned for the noise to be cut off, and as the pitch faded away, Peter’s crying remained, loud and horrible and sad.
“I have a plan,” Steve said slightly petulantly, before he sighed and put on his most earnest voice. “Natasha, please. Just trust me. Wipe any of evidence of us coming here from the CCTV footage, wait for my signal, then cut the feed and get the hell out.”
come from Sam somewhere behind him, but all he was focused on was Tony’s face carved in stone, his fists clamped tight with rage, and Ty’s body on the floor, curled in on itself as he groaned over a freshly broken nose.
At that moment, Clint turned around and clocked that Bruce was back in the room, promptly ending their conversation as he rushed over to plonk Peter into Bruce’s surprised arms. The man blinked, then sighed. “Clint—”
One day, maybe he’d get to put something else a little permanent on Tony, in the region of his left hand. But man- until then, he really did wish he’d been around during the time when the tattoo was too.
Beside him, Tony.
“Tony-“ Steve began, frowning. He got that he might have a strict dad, but surely the man would understand?
He choked in shock, sitting bolt-upright and wheezing in a deep breath, feeling the pain spike through his nose when it irritated his sensitive skin. His room was pitch-dark and so he scrabbled for the light, shaking fingers yanking it on and then making him wince when the yellow glow hit his tired eyes.
As a matter of principal, Paul had made Tony sleep on the couch.
Tony breathed out a sigh of relief and looked back down at the lifeless LMD in front of them. He swallowed down the guilt as he tugged the screwdriver back out and then rolled it over onto its stomach.
They all stopped. Bruce was currently on baby-duty. What with his Hulking tendencies, he didn’t particularly offer much assistance in training exercises. But if they needed him now…
“Tony,” he said, very, very softly, “they’re… they’re from hands.”
Steve recognised the jacket before he even recognised the guy wearing it. Although, to be fair, he did have his head bowed. It would only have taken a flash of those blue eyes and Steve would have known instantly.
Fabulous. What a fabulous way to top off a fabulous fucking week.
“-then we stand a chance of getting an opening, yes,” Fury finished with another enthusiastic nod. He walked to Steve’s side and leaned against the desk, looking sideways at him. “He wouldn’t expect you. Last time you spoke, you were still under contract with the Army, and since we recruited you your records have been wiped clean. He doesn’t know you’re with us. He’d trust you. Your relationship ended on amicable terms, correct?”
