"C-coming, dad!" John called without looking at him. He looked at Sherlock who was now an inch or so taller than John when he was hunched over like this. His eyes were apologetic and sad, "Nice to see you again, Sherl," he nearly whispered before turning. Of course, John didn't get very far as Sherlock grabbed the boy's arm at the elbow to stop him,
"Sherlock," John said, noticing that the boy hadn't moved since he opened the file. John stood up and carefully walked over to the boy. "Hey," John said, placing a hand on his friend's shoulder. Sherlock was pale. His eyes, which were glued to the paper, began watering. John decided that was enough of that. He gently pulled the file from the boy's hands and closed it.
"Yeah," John said, and moved to the floor with the both of his friends.
"Sherlock," A voice said. There was some snickering behind the voice as Sherlock looked up. It was Moriarty. Sherlock laid his book down to the table and closed it with a smile.
"That way, when we put him down, it won't hurt his head as much," John said with a grunt as he continued to drag the boy's body. Hagrid lay the Jacket over Sherlock to try and warm him up, but he had already been sweating for an hour through his sporadic convulsions. They heard someone humming as they walked out of the side of the castle,
"Sherlock," he breathed, then quickly walked across the room to collapse at Sherlock's bedside, basically sobbing into his lap. Sherlock felt panicked, for more than one reason, though he decided to settle for awkwardly patting John's shoulder blades. "Thank God you're okay!" John sobbed.
John quickly stood and rounded the chair to approach the perfect.
"Calm down, Captain; I'll put it back." The voice was elegant, unlike the first impression John had gotten from the actions of the teen.
Once they'd made it to the base of the steps, Sherlock was pooped. He'd never thought it would take so much energy to do something as simple as going down a single flight of stairs. Sherlock had quickly developed a newfound appreciation for the disabled,
"Friend?" He laughed, "Who in this entire country would want to be your friend?" The boy took a fistful of William's hair, "I don't want to see you back here, pervert puff!" The boy growled dangerously as he glared at William. Even though William didn't mentally feel scared, he felt his hands tremoring as his body unconsciously nodded. William stood up and looked back at John as he left the room. Of course, John didn't notice. William let him be.
John nodded and began with the long list that made his hand hurt from writing so much. "How do you know they're wizards?" He asked, only but glancing to the boy, who added two more to his pile.
As Sherlock prepared his potion, he heard John humming from his station next to him. It didn't really bother Sherlock, surprisingly. An owl soon flew and landed on the window sill as Sherlock began stirring the potion after dropping in a few horned slugs,
"That's good," He said, "you were, uh, pre-prepared...?" He ended with a higher pitch and John couldn't help but laugh.
They waited there and Sherlock couldn't take the silence anymore. "Um, may I share some insight?" He asked, causing the officer to raise an eyebrow, "The Carl Powers' case, considered cold four years ago," Sherlock started.
"Two points from both houses; don't let it happen again. Holmes, you should learn to focus better if you're going to make it in Ravenclaw," Snape said and slowly continued with the flow of his lesson. Sherlock gritted his teeth and continued to take notes.
After an unbearable drive back to London, then sitting through, "bloody traffic!" John was reintroduced to London, muggle life, making him feel very depressed. John saw a folded paper on the counter, next to the most recently emptied bottles, and he picked it up to see the title, 'The Daily Prophet,' John fervently opened it up to read it. John's father snatched it from his hands.
It felt good to talk to John closely again. Sherlock was still pretty tired from this morning and by lunch, the sleeplessness was casually catching up with him. "Transfiguration is like a piece of cake to me," Sherlock chuckled quietly in the library seat next to his frustrated friend, who voiced his opinion and irritation about the class.
"John, although I am not completely perfect with my memories; unlike me, you and many others, are worse off. I can move things out of my mind which don't help me. I think of it like boxes in an attic. I can move things out to make room for newer, more important information," William said, then furrowed his eyebrows as he tilted his head at John, "Why are you so obsessed with not failing? The worst they can do is send a letter in the post." John hesitated a moment as he averted his eye contact to the book yet he wasn't paying any attention to it before he muttered,
John was confused, to say the least, and maybe a little bit insulted, but John wasn't quite sure yet as he shook himself of the questionable feeling and opened up the letter from his mum. It was sent on printed paper. John excitedly smelled it and luckily, the envelope preserved the freshly-printed smell the paper provided. John sighed contently as he unfolded the letter from its brochure-like template.
John woke up to the rushing catastrophe that was the Gryffindors in the morning, but this morning was different because John didn't make it to History of Magic class.
"I'm just feeling so flattered that you'd let me interrupt your lesson," He said with a sarcastic look of admiration. The kids in the class couldn't get over the fact that it was actually him, "What're you lot looking at?" He hissed annoyedly, glancing over to see John chuckling, hiding his wide grin with his hand.
"And, why is that?" He asked, annoying William further.
"Quickly block him off by Lauriston Gardens!" Sherlock shouted and hung up. Sherlock knew he had the upper hand of knowing these streets like the back of his hand. He also knew that Lestrade wouldn't let him down. They've known each other from uni. Lestrade knows Sherlock and where he injects, so he often knows that when Sherlock refuses to shake his hand, it's because Sherlock's high.
As they prepared to leave, John's legs wobbled in the heels even still, holding onto Sherlock. The two walked past the receptionist and John looked back to wink at the man spitefully. They snickered as they took their leave.
After a few moments more, William collected himself and asked John about his life.
"A lifetime's more,"
"I mean, though you already have the same fashion sense," Sherlock muttered, trying to choose between two viles, handing one to John as he continued to mutter something about his dad,
Sherlock had sat in a chair in the circle of people of all sorts.
Before John's body could register, he was saying Sherlock's name. Then, it must've clicked in his mind because he scrambled to his feet and shouted "Up!" to a random broom near him. John swung his leg over the stick as he ran. He could hear Madam Hooch behind him threaten to give him detention, but John couldn't be arsed to care. His body knew something was wrong and he was going to help! John's broom still jerked itself as it sped, nearly flinging John off multiple times and he had no idea where he was going, but he let his body do the steering and let go with his mind. Eventually, John's broom smoothed its ride out and just flew.
They both looked back to find a Slytherin girl laughing at them. John stood up,
"You know what, Holmes? You've been doing a lot of sorting on your plate, yet none of the food has gone in that loud, empty mouth of yours; I think as a fellow Uni student, I should hereby give you aide in that effort," The older boy said as he placed a hand on the back of the tall uni student's head and pushed it forward, causing the boy's face to smash into the almost perfectly sorted and separated food on his plate. The boy quickly reacted by pulling his head back up, food all on his face, leaving the food on his plate inseparable. "There you go, Sherlock. Isn't that just tasty?" Sebastian smiled as he saw Sherlock's sour facial expression. Sherlock wiped his face off as the lot around him laughed, then turned and said,
"So, where are we going?" John asked, looking around to the streets of London.
"Mike Stamford," The man said, shaking John's hand. John looked him up and down, glad that post-war life hadn't done that to him yet.
Jacob and Hagrid jogged in front of John to hold the doors open so that John could quickly move into the room. They all began calling for Madam Pomfrey as John softly set Sherlock down. She came out of her office in a rushed hurry and stopped in her tracks as she saw the victim on the floor seizing up with tears in his eyes. He threw up another slug. She gasped.
"Then, you probably know that it's really a kid doing all of this subconsciously?" He asked, cocking a brown to the boy who sat on the bed. The boy smirked and nodded, making John smirk, too. "Then, I suppose you'd already know that we don't have much time to try and save this child?"
"Nope," William said, popping the sound with his lips. "You can't overdose on it, either," He informed.
That was the only way to describe it. They had separate places to live, but since Bear wasn't allowed in John's apartment, he'd been spending absurd amounts of time in the library if only to coddle his companions, or one of them, at least.
"John, you had an owl in an hour ago!" Jacob called as soon as John was making his way down the stairs to the common room. "B-but, uh... they insisted, so... ehr," John arrived at the base of the staircase and as he rubbed the sleepiness from his eyes, he heard a familiar laugh snort from deep, near the door.
"Oh, my God," Jacob snickered, "N-no, that was very ill-mannered of him," he tried to act like a perfect, but was having a difficult time with it,
"You may want to tell him, that if you guys aren't allowed to talk about it, then my friends aren't, either," Jossy said with a warning in her voice.
"I'm telling Dumbledore!" Jim cried, running to the door,
"Sherlock," John whispered. What could John do to make sure he wasn't suspicious? John grabbed a random book from the shelves and walked up to the check-out desk. Pince took a look at the cover and gave a sceptical glance up at John.
"Well, yes, John. You are posing as one of the most desirable older women in the Ministry, after all," he muttered back with a teasing smirk. John let a grumble through his gritted teeth. He pinched Sherlock's arm, grinning bitterly as his friend yelped in quick pain, then giggled.
"Woah -- w-what?" John questioned, backing up from Jossy's interrogating expression.
Sherlock thrust, making John bite his lip to stifle the moan, and the next thrust was more forceful, almost like a snap and John was gasping for air as he felt his prostate being nudged, even if by a little bit. Sherlock snapped again, letting a primal growl resonate in John's ear as he nipped at the lobe, then kissed and bit at John's cheek and neck. John had his hands in Sherlock's hair, so pullable. Another thrust and John actually let a strangled moan out of his throat. Sherlock grunted and John's toes curled, nearing his end. Sherlock sped up, his own breaths growing erratic. He thrust again and again, burying himself deep into John's arse until finally, "Ahh..!" John groaned, throwing his head back, climaxing in his pants, gasping for air.
"Well, Greg's swamped with a case, so he can't come, but I totally need a friend," He said. John chuckled as if to ask what he'd be getting himself into, "I offered a dinner to Sherlock to try and make amends, but it'll be extremely awkward if it's just us and we'll end up at each other's throats...!" John groaned, then sighed, relenting to the short-notice plans. "C'mon, John! It'll be fun, mate...!"
"You didn't mind last night; what's one more night?" John asked, carelessly tossing a tater-tot to his tall friend, who quickly swooped under to catch it in his mouth. John lightly cheered as he laughed, which made Wiliam smile. After William finished that tot, he let out a quick laugh.
"Hey," came the timid greeting. Sherlock responded with a hum, without looking up from his book. "I heard what happened; I'm sorry to hear it and I'm here for you if you need me," Victor placed a gentle hand over Sherlock's, which got his attention. Sherlock looked up at the Hufflepuff with softened eyes. He twisted his wrist around and squeezed Victor's hand and they sat in somewhat comfortable silence.
"No, uh," John paused, taking a moment to correctly say what he wanted to. "I'm not allowed to go to that museum tomorrow, or anytime in the next two weeks," John muttered, scratching the back of his head.
"Probably to curse you for feeling superior enough to have the audacity to save me," Sherlock chuckled bitterly after impersonating his mum's apparently shrill voice. John chuckled, too, shrugging as he was still too scared to find out. "Hey, uh, I n-never got to say..." Sherlock began but looked behind John as an elderly throat cleared itself. John sighed nervously and turned to see Dumbledore standing there. John pressed his hands together beneath his chin in a prying position as he turned back briefly to tighten his lips in anxiety. John then looked back at Dumbledore, who nodded his head towards his office.
"If you want to open, push, close, carry, open, push, close, carry, a wheelchair all the way up to charms class, please be my guest," He sassed, his eyes narrowing at the professor, who was bound to take points from his house, but John couldn't be arsed to care at this moment because, "otherwise I stay with him," He said in almost a possessive growl. And to think, this boy was only a first-year!
Suddenly, Sherlock felt cold autumn air hit his face, but he couldn't move. He could hear someone heaving breaths and muttering to himself. John,
"Because you're an idiot,"
"You need to stop this childish feud if you want to keep your spot on the team, Jossy...!" Greg scolded, making Jossy look down at her feet, suddenly falling quiet. John's eyes widened as Greg walked away to deal with the kids daring one another to snort a crushed chocolate chip cookie.
"Fuck you, John! I hate you!" She shouted.
"Hey, Jim," Sherlock said, offering him to sit.
Suddenly the boy did let go. He was grumbling something about a girl and rocks. John went up to breathe quickly as he saw Mary with a handful of rocks, throwing them at the boy. She noticed John looking at her. "Go, John!" She shouted as she continued to throw rocks at the big second-year. John nodded, coughing still, and went back down.
"My brother has a high paying job, that includes the economy of technology, so he was able to get it for me." He explained, then smiled. "Your brother must be the chancellor, then," John said half-jokingly. He said William's eyes narrow as if he'd been issued a challenge of some sort. "Not quite," He sucked through his teeth,
Sherlock headed to History of Magic class, hoping to see John there, but didn't. Sherlock felt his heart tighten with worry. It was okay, though; he was okay, right? Sherlock proceeded to Astronomy, where the Hufflepuffs were still whispering about how Sherlock had unintentionally made Mary cry a few days back. It made him angry to know that people made him out to be a bad guy, even though he's only but a loner, who doesn't value other people stealing his friends...! Maybe he was jealous, but he sincerely doubted it,
John's face of confusion changed to sadness, "Y-yes, I know," he said, glancing down, "I know and I'm sorry," Sherlock turned his face away. He didn't know why, but he felt the rise of tears bubbling up in his chest, "I should've told you, but I-I... I couldn't," John looked down, "I couldn't find the words. I'm sorry, Sherlock,"
"Okay, so," John said, as he sat down, slamming his tray to the table, making William jump a bit. "Sorry. I was just saying, once we make sure no one else has found an accurate claim as to why the painting's a fake, we should definitely prove it!" Sherlock opened his eyes to show an expression that didn't look amused.
What gave you the right to assume my weakest link needed help from you, muggle-born!? I don't care if you'd saved his life, it's still unacceptable...! However, I suppose it would be nice to have someone watch over our little Shezza when he's at school, so you're not entirely useless. Anyway, William refuses to allow the boy back for holiday, and I can only assume that your family is too poor to accommodate you for the winter, so I expect you to keep him safe, somewhat entertained, and out of trouble, which seems to be Scott, nowadays.
"What the hell is wrong with you?" Mike clarified as he raised his brows in suspicion, "Do you know John?" Mike asked.
"Hey, Sherlock," He heard from over at the couches. Sherlock turned his head to find Mary sitting there. She had books open and was apparently studying. "Um, can I ask you something?"
Bill had to admit, he kind of felt a shade awkward that night, however, John looked the happiest he'd ever been, so Bill didn't feel all that excluded with John there to be the one bridge between the two students.
"Is this a joke?" He asked quietly, glancing up to Victor, whose eyebrows furrowed in confusion. He chuckled slightly, letting a breath of question out. Victor placed a hand under Sherlock's chin and gently lifted it up.
"JY221347C," Sherlock recited as he huffed a breath of frustration, "That's funny, I always wondered where you go for your NI cards; turns out, it's usually a sentimental place, so where you were born,"
"Did a Slytherin invite him to this event?" He asked, placing a nervous hand onto John's shoulder. John quietly nodded,
Sherlock thought about it, humming, then came to the conclusion, "yeah, I'll most likely be there; when do they meet, do you know?" Sherlock asked. Once Sherlock got the meeting time, Jim was on his way, saying how much he looked forward to seeing Sherlock there. Sherlock bid him goodbye and continued to pick at his food, actually eating a bite or two, feeling good about tonight.
"I'm missing Defense against the Dark Arts for Transfiguration for firs-years? Cool," He quipped with a chuckle,
"And, whose fault is that?" William pouted for a second, but gave in once more and sighed as he sat next to John.
"I haven't told Mike," John said cautiously,
"That, is a misnomer, Ms Rebekah," The boy said, pointing towards her in slight disappointment. He leaned forward to lean his elbows onto his knees. William sighed. Ms Rebekah leaned forward to try and look at the boy's face.
Sherlock turned the corner of the house to see his mum, Ophelia Holmes, standing with his younger, twin siblings, Sherrinford and Eurus, who were only a year behind Sherlock.
Last night, after meeting with Dumbledore and Jim -- ugh! John went back to his house way later than he thought. The dorms were silent, which was a grand feat. He lied in bed with his blanket over his head so the Lumos charm wouldn't wake the others. John decided to look at Holmes' letter before his mum's. He figured he wouldn't react nearly as bad if the seemingly strict parent of Sherlock had announced an unfortunate event than if it were his own.
"Don't sulk, William. It's not cute," Mycroft muttered.
"My Nokia 9000 Communicator," William said, holding the mobile up, then opening it up for John to see,
"So, William," Bill said, "I didn't think you'd be this," Bill paused as he coughed after a rough hit. John patted his back with a chuckle, "chill. Like, you walked out on our conversation in the Laundry mat, and I thought you hated me," Bill laughed.
"The computers? Oh, yeah. You can look up different educational articles on it, so we encourage the students to use them." She said, smiling as if she actually enjoyed the topic of conversation.
"Leave him alone, guys! He's not laughing." John heard as he turned to see a slightly chubby, pale young adult, whose face seemed to still look like that of an eighteen-year-old, who sat next to him. John smiled shyly as a silent thanks. "I'm Micheal Stamford; call me Mike." He said smoothly.
"Idiot, you don't know that the room and board are compensated for?" Sherlock asked, shaking his head. John's ears burned in embarrassment.
John took the note for Sherlock from his pocket and ran it over to the Ravenclaw house. "Which came first: The Phoenix or the flame?" The knock riddled. John just tucked the note in the light cleft behind the knock's head.
"Brilliant," he said, making John's face flush, "I mean I came here to hunt the Obscurus, anyway, but since you've already gathered such information, it means I don't have to explain it to you," Sherlock shrugged. John laughed, rolling his eyes.
"Oi, what's your problem, mate?" The toughest looking one puffed his chest out, "take your fucking face outta that paper of yours and maybe look up for a chance, eh?"
"Friend from Hogwarts; we're popping out," John said, climbing the stairs, "don't wait up," Sherlock awkwardly waved to her as he slowly ascended the stairs himself. "Don't tell dad we're here," John called.
"No! I think it's cool; girls might think it's hot; you never know," John said, laughing at the end.
As John walked with Mary to their seats, kids from their flying class, and even those who weren't, gave John high-fives and handshakes. It felt weird getting all of the attention. Mary saved him. Why weren't people recognising that?
"H-hi," Sherlock heard as he was snapped back to reality from his seat at the very end of the Great Hall's long table for the Ravenclaw students. The boy the voice accompanied was clad in yellow, "Sherlock, right?" He asked. Sherlock, looking the boy up and down, answered with a terse nod, making the boy smile.
"Oh, no. It's fine considering what you're still dealing with, mate," Sherlock played at the same game, making his flatmate look at him, stern with his own warning, but it wasn't worry in his eyes but that of frustration and a lot of it, "how long ago was it? 2003? Pity," Sherlock smirked.
"I'm fine; I spent my birthday at home like you said," William said with a bored expression on his face, however, the doctor knew better than that.
"That's all you've got?" He asked, leaning forward to try peeking into the pouch. John frowned for a moment but reigned his expression in quickly.
"You're not supposed to; that's what he relies on," He said, making his way to the couches. He sat down across from her and looked at her notes. "Well, no wonder you look like an idiot," He said, looking critically at the sprawled books with her writing on the pages. She leaned in, "because you are," She leaned back with a scoff as she quickly furrowed her eyebrows. "Don't speak," Sherlock commanded, holding a finger up, "first, you're way behind on notes,"
"Wouldn't dream of it," Greg reassured with a tightening to his lips as if trying to fake his best smile.
"I'd rather not ride the tube with ripped pants only, ta," John quipped. He sighed as he put his head in his hand again. Sherlock laughed. "Sherlock," John said, "Listen to me, don't tell Mycroft. Don't tell anyone, got it? We'll take this to our graves, alright? Th-this never happened,"
"Genetic and birth records," Sherlock growled the demand, making the receptionist hesitate, "every child, Muggle or not, born from around the same time my son, William, to about a year ago," the man let out a sharp breath as if sighing, John and Sherlock gave a quiet look to one another, "and an empty office, please,"
William removed his hand to allow John to quietly pack his clothes from William's bureau. John looked over his shoulder as he was about to close the door. William was frozen in fear of rejection, and John was waiting, wanting Willliam to make the first move, which unfortunately didn't happen. After the door closed, John lingered, his ear against the door to hear something. He wanted to hear something. He needed to hear something-anything. John heard footsteps toward the door, but he didn't move. William walked up to the door and pressed a hand to the wood, then pressed his forehead to it as well.
John had just made it to the train on time as there were hardly any children out of the Hogwarts Express. He put his trunks onto a trolley nearby and rushed to one of the doors. John kept his Ukelele and a few other things that could occupy him on the journey, on his persons just in case if he got bored or wanted to play something. He showed his ticket and was let in. kids of all ages already filled the cars and cabins, their voices muffled and filling the small rooms with laughter, stories and well-constructed conversation.
"What if it's not a fake, though? We'll have wasted our entire week and a half on a lead that fell through and we won't have any time working on our actual project," William warned with cold eyes, probably already calculating their moves.
"That Ravenclaw you saved; He's the same one that was in a coma for a week, right?"  She asked. John's conversational smile seemed to fade for a moment before returning after looking about the common room,
John watched in horror as the blonde teen angrily pointed his gun at William and without an accurate aim, he pulled the trigger, sending the bullet to tear through the flesh of the tell teen John'd loved way back when. John didn't know why, but he felt a kind of closure to know that William had passed on, but he only wished that it would've been more peaceful for him.
"He slept with your girlfriend," quickly, scooped his messy plate up with his left hand, and as he turned to get up, he smashed the remainder of the food into Sebastian's face and dropped the plate in his lap. "Hmm, yes. I do believe the expression is, 'Revenge is sweet,' I thank you, Sebastian." He quipped, then leisurely walked off to his room.
After Mike left, John thought for a while. Grabbing his coat and leaving the house, John was off to Diagon Alley, hoping that he could get some amount of information with the little Galleons. Arriving to the alleyway, John received several strange looks from passing witches and wizards. John walked into a Magical creatures shoppe and was utterly amazed by the vast array of creatures that he's never known about.
"A friend of mine," John said, "told me there was an event tonight, very secretive; he was hush-hush about it,"
"I'm just looking out for you; you're my... friend," William smiled as if only to himself.
"Agh-! God damn it!" Sherlock hissed, flinching away from the woman and her insipid light.
"Nah, mate. Mary's still in Jersey visiting her parents," John said, rolling his eyes. Mycroft smiled,
He'd just let a man, his best friend's younger brother, fuck him on the kitchen counter and said best friend was puking in the bathroom, whilst his girlfriend of three years was in Jersey...! He was the worst man imaginable, he felt like shit. What made him feel worse was that... he felt like he wanted it again,
"There," John said, letting out his breath of smoke.
"William," John said,
"This is why I didn't want you to come back!" She screamed, her face red with loathing as she forced her way in. John backed up, panicking.
"Wha-!?" John shouted before he was cut off by William's voice again.
"His name's Sherlock Holmes," John said, looking down as if ashamed that he'd done what Sherlock asked him specifically not to do. Jacob's eyes widened.
"Yeah, but it's really, very complex," The boy said, sighing as he took another sip.
It wasn't until they went to the Mess Hall for food that William remembered that he had John's coat and clean clothes in his room, and John was wearing his clothes, which looked really good on him, mind you. William was sitting at their table, waiting as John got lunch, and it wasn't until another boy shouldered him out of spite that he noticed he was staring at John. William rubbed his shoulder as John approached.
"Just tell the truth, okay?" Mary said. John tightened his lips and nodded, letting out a thick huff of air as Mary also nodded, only but glancing back to the Slytherin table to see Jim glaring in their direction.
"Brewed the Polyjuice potion last night," Sherlock said, patting his satchel, which sat on his hip. John furrowed his eyebrows in confusion.
"Let's get back," Harold said, looking to the ground, "this is strange and I can't use my mind in the cold." Harold turned and began walking away. John glanced back with a whistle. Bear came running over, basically colliding with his caretakers as they made their way to the library, their mutual... place.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Which is important for reassuring that I get good grades, drill this knowledge into my head, and not fail," John continued, and so did William with a,
They were done eating and John needed to get the rest of his studying supplies from his room, so they made a stop before the library again.
"Uh-uhm...ehr..." John's breath was quickening and his eyes darted around looking the crowd over as he remembered to keep his head down. John's head bobbed down, his eyes were watering and he didn't understand why. There was a lot of new noise surrounding, drowning him.
"You don't mind if I smoke, right?" William asked when the rain cleared up some.
"I've got to say, that scar across the palm of your left hand has me curious." The boy said, leaning forward to look more in-depth at the said scar. John's father cut him on the hand with the pocket knife John had snuck out of the house with to look cool in front of his mates as a preteen. John instinctively pulled his hand towards his chest, giving the teen a strange look, his furrowed brows growing deeper in suspicion.
"Wow, what the hell? Who's going to court?" John said, actually sounding concerned.
John looked up at the disgruntled face as he peered to the far right of the room. "Ugh! Hold this!" Sherlock shoved the paper into John's face, forcing him to take it as he bounded over to where he glared. He pulled out a file and opened it.
"There's no way..." John started again but trailed off in confusion --again. The boy continued.
"John!" Someone else burst through the door. It was Greg with dried blood connecting his nostrils to his upper lip. He looked livid, but Madam Pomfrey insisted he got the blood cleaned from his face before shouting near her patient.
"I don't know, I guess I'd like to be an actor...!" He shrugged with a chuckle, rubbing the back of his neck with a lack of confidence.
The distant alarm of Fang barking became increasingly closer and harsher as if he'd smelled the others, too. John's horrified eyes stuck to the sight of what they were doing to Sherlock, that poor boy!!
Snape quickly dropped what he wanted to tell Sherlock, making them both very suspicious of the teacher. John opened the chair and helped Sherlock sit. As soon as they were out of the room, Sherlock laughed, "I'm glad he didn't agree to that," Sherlock chuckled, "'cause I have to pee," John laughed.
As they ate, they studied transfiguration. The wand movements were confusing to John. He was used to the stereotypical waving when it came to wands, but this was real magic, not play pretend witches-and-wizards -- cops-and-robbers. During dinner, however, an owl dropped a few things in front of John, surprising him. One of them was from his mum. When did she learn how to send owls? John thought with a chuckle. One was, surprisingly enough, from Mrs &Mr Holmes, which kind of scared him. One of them was from Professor and headmaster, Albus Dumbledore, which tied with the Holmes' for which one he should worry for the most...
"If you wanted to be an actor," Sherlock said, placing a hand on Victor's hand, "then, by God, my pirate arse will make you an actor...!" They laughed some more until they were shushed, where Sherlock uncharacteristically mocked the irritated kid, making Victor laugh more.
"Jossy Carter, John," he smirked, glancing at John, who turned his head abruptly with a huff of frustrated air. That made Sherlock chuckle.
"I bought it in Diagon Alley before we came here; I was going to give it to you last night, in the dorms, but..." Jim trailed off, tightening his lips as he sucked his teeth. Sherlock opened his arms towards Jim and leaned in for a brief, borderline awkward hug. Sherlock quickly wrapped the scarf around his neck and comedically posed. Jim snickered,
"Keep tabs on Sherlock Holmes and Dr John Watson," John instructed. "I'm heading back for Finch really quick; I've assigned Carter to the DI," he gave then lifted his eyebrows, "Oh and Lionel? Don't let me down,"
"I'm sending an owl to Dumbledore, immediately!" She shouted, running back into the castle and off into a side corridor. They couldn't stop or wait. Sherlock's state was becoming worse and worse by the hour and John really didn't want to think about how much time they had before something irreversible happened. So, John strained himself physically to make the trip shorter in time.
"I've waited a long time for this. Once I get out, I'll propose to my girl." Mike said.
John was quiet after he left. He went through the motions of the first day and even though he was drained of energy and exhausted beyond compare, John couldn't sleep. He tossed and turned, even accidentally woke some people up. He couldn't get comfortable. William wasn't by his side. John's mind was constantly drifting back to that ever-repeating moment. He said it. John should be happy. The one he liked, liked him back, but he wasn't. The fact that William had said it out loud through his ever so apparent tears had somehow made it even that much worse for him. Now, his mind couldn't stop repeating and he'd more often than not, doze off and get scolded.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John walked back to his dorm and was a bit surprised to see his roommate anxiously tinkering with something on his desk. He quickly looked up, his somewhat greasy, unfortunately, straightened locks of hair jumping with him as he'd finally acknowledged John's sudden presence.
"Sarah Stamford? Yeah," Sherlock nodded, "come on, just write it down...!"
"I, uh, I got in trouble, and I'm on campus arrest for two weeks, as well as having detention for the rest of this week," John said, basically sinking into his shirt.
"Do we have any volunteers?" Mrs McGonagall asked as she held the rolled up paper in her hands. John smirked and rose his hand high. She seemed surprised at this act of bravery and asked bored his name.
"Probably to curse you for saving their useless son," Sherlock laughed. Once the ice broke in the group, Sherlock looked at John and remembered, "Hey, uh, I never really got to say..." He began but saw Dumbledore in the background slowly shaking his head. Sherlock trailed off as the old professor cleared his throat. That was strange,
"No," William laughed, as he was already buzzed and is conscious mind brought up that so far two of his most loved family members thought he had a cougar in the school, "Mum already asked that, and no," William chuckled,
"That's what they're saying!" John shouted, laughing. "First, girls don't sexually abuse, William," John said, still coming down from his laughing fit to see that William's expression had changed.
"My mum and dad always go places and do things together, John; drink it all, we'll need all the time we can get," Sherlock urged. John opened the vile, but he knew better than to give the substance a sniff.
"Yeah?" Jacob asked, sitting on the arm of the chair. "What kind of event?" John seemed unsure of telling Jacob about it.
"You have someone on your mind, Watson?" Another voice asked, pulling him from his gaze.
Sherlock couldn't find the time for a night of proper sleep as he stayed up in the dorms, planning on what he'd do, what he'd say...! He'd obviously be angry, yes. "You left me here?!" No, that sounded a bit selfish, "You didn't tell me..!" Yes, better. That'll do. Once the guilt trip was over, Sherlock would pretend that he'd come mainly for the Obscurus, Yes! He alone wasn't enough to make Johnn stay, but if Sherlock had shown him a proper Holmes adventure, maybe, then he'd reconsider. He'd see that every day could be like that again. Perfect! This was going to bring John back to Hogwarts, for sure!
"Don't tell anyone I did this, but it's too good to resist," he said with a smile on his lips. John nodded. Jacob slipped his wand from his robe and wanted it into the air, saying some kind of incantation. Then, after a flash of light, there was a Bay stallion striding from the stars above. He only appeared for a moment, then dissipated into the sky again as if it had just been dust in the wind.
"Watson, right?" He asked with a smile.
"Oh, not long," William said whilst closing the notebook with his notes and project work on it.
Then, he had a free period, so he went to the library to find other more about the sorting hat and the qualities of the different houses. He'd ended up checking the book out and heading to the common room to change from his robes. Sherlock didn't favour them, Slytherin colours or not. They were hot and got in the way, therefore, inefficient.  Sherlock headed to the Great Hall to grab his lunch, then he upheld his word to meet with John in the Courtyard.
"Where's Greg?" He asked, approaching the boy, who was reasonably out of breath. John swallowed loudly and held up a finger,
Irene opened the door to John's room, leading John to his bed, where she sat him down. Sebastian turned to yell at John to take his shoes off but was surprised when he saw John dazed in horror at his hands, which were covered in blood.
"Come to think, that would explain your quite extensive experience and knowledge in first aid," Sherlock muttered,
"I wouldn't be so sure, John," William said, gaining composure as he tried to act rationally.
As John and Mary walked, she sighed, "I don't think he likes me very much," she admitted lightly. John chuckled,
Sherlock hadn't gone by 'William' since college. John was right when he said 'Sherlock was much more his style,' because now Sherlock was confident with his name. He felt more in control with a queer name as Sherlock's. People thought he was smarter than him, then he'd prove it, and he'd gain respect, until he did his 'trick,' as Sebastian liked to call it. The thing that earned him lots of enemies and one mate in College, and primary school, had earned him loads more enemies and fewer mates in Uni.
"Oh... Well, I apologise for what I said, John. I was in a low place, I still am, and I guess I wasn't really ready for condolences and comfort yet,"
John pulled out that same letter and reread it in the normal light the next night when the students had settled once again. He considered telling Sherlock. He should tell Sherlock because they're friends and all, but for some reason, John still had that thought. Those words he repeated in his mind, what Sherlock said to him that first day just festered at his mind and stuck, even though Sherlock said he hadn't meant it. He didn't matter, and that's what m-mattered...?
"Still, I think it may be worth checking out," Greg said, earning a groan from Sherlock as he began running his fingers along with the fabric of his trousers and making a low wheezing sound from his Sinasus, closing his eyes for a bit. Greg looked over at John, who lifted a hand to vaguely gesture to the man across the back seat of the cab,
John pulled Sherlock onto the soft grass behind Hagrid's hut. John slowly let the boy down and dook breaths as he paced in circles with his hands above his head to reflow the oxygen. His face and hands were suffering from wind burn and his nose had been running for about an hour. Not to mention his muscles screamed out of exhaustion and overworking strain.
"He did what?" Jacob asked.
"Sorry, sir," John said, his silky voice laced with feigned empathy for the man, who only looked him up and down.
Sherlock said nothing. He only but glared at his house-mates and pushed past them with a disappointed sigh. He closed the door with a spiteful slam.
"That's just how he is sometimes," He assured as looked down to their feet. They were walking pretty close... John looked up to see that they were already at the Great Hall. John silently sucked his teeth at the minor disappointment.
"He's a complete idiot; I'd get absolutely nowhere with him, dammit!!" Sherlock shouted before aggressively hanging up the phone and handing it back to Lestrade, who once again, had separated John and him. Sherlock's leg was bouncing extremely fast as he sat, frustrated as the car drove to the hotel instead of to the bloody police precinct, where he wanted to go in the first place!
They'd somehow made it to the castle grounds, where they were careful not to wake the Whomping Willow. They stepped lightly past Hagrid's hut, however, Fang stood, smelling the air near them. Jacob stopped John and covered the end of John's wand with his hand to temporarily shut out the light. Nonetheless, Fang decided not to be on their side as he began barking and growling at them. Jacob began quickly pushing at John's back as they ran. By the time the two had made it into the Forbidden Forest, Hagrid was out of his hut, asking Fang what was wrong.
"You prick...!" John giggled under his breath.
"Sherlock, I've got you," John promised.
"Hey, Sherl," Jim's voice sounded from behind Sherlock and he turned to bump their fists together with a smile. Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw John, who was about to go and greet the eccentric boy, too, falter in his plan and just sit, looking at the two, who looked to get along so well.
"Hello, William," She said, as the tall teen sat in the chair. "Why are you acting out?" She asked.
"You shouldn't ask questions you don't want the answers to," he glanced to the boy in glasses, who looked at him softly, yet with a hint of sternness to it.
"Who are you?" The boy asked.
No one else volunteered as John had, so McGonagall just read off the list of names to the group of many. "Ben Cooper," she called. A blonde boy shyly set himself from the herd and sat on the stool. He was a Gryffindor.
"John," He said, sighing as he'd failed to find the courage to do something. William ignored the stuffiness in his nose and neglected the stray tear that ran down the boy's face, desperate for escape. William fell to his knees as the floodgates opened. John stood at the door, frozen with hope and fear.
"I'm used to it, so I didn't think it would hurt as much coming from you," John nearly whispered as if totally ashamed of his lesson than perfect upbringing, "but, I think it was because I was used to it that I didn't expect it to come from such a comfortable atmosphere that it surprised and affected me so much,"
"Oi," The officer said, "When you find yourself a girl, marry her, and invite me to the wedding, okay?" He said. John nodded proudly as he held out a hand to shake, but the older man instead wrapped John in a hug and patted the younger man's back. "You stay outta trouble, yeah?" John didn't respond. He didn't want his commanding officer to hear him sob. That man was like a father to the john. More of a father to him than his actual father ever was, really.
"I'm an engineering scientist." He prompted.
"And, your boyfriend?" Jim asked, his voice a bit shaky, "Where's he at, then?" Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows. Boyfriend? Sherlock didn't have a boyfriend...
She opened up to John about not belonging here. John opened up about how he related to that. They quickly became close acquaintances and they, even sooner it seemed, arrived at the training grounds.
"Why are you wearing my clothes?" He asked, trying to pretend as if he didn't like it.
"Right, then, how do we know they're wizards?" John asked after trying and failing to get back to making up the list as he thought about it. John put the writing instrument down and looked at Sherlock.
"Hello," Sherlock started when it was finally his turn to speak, "I'm Sherlock, but don't all greet me in unison, 'cause it's proper creepy," He said, and some laughed and some, greeted with different words which satisfied Sherlock. "I'm a heroin user," Sherlock said, "A frequent heroin user, so they shipped me to this shit-hole for three months until my brother can expunge my record." Sherlock finished.
"William, this is illegal," John said, pointing to the object,
"Look, I get it. I totally understand what you're going through. To live your whole life thinking, believing that you're normal, wanting to just be like everyone else, then having it all shattered," John began, his voice shaking slightly, "it's terrifying," he chuckled nervously, glancing up to Sherlock very briefly.
John had unfolded the chair with a grunt and Sherlock plopped sown in the seat of it, feeling his relief instantly. They'd only had to go down the hall before Sherlock had to stand up again, straining his already overworked muscles even more. He whined in tired discomfort as John took a while to fold the chair back up before opening the door.
William carefully placed the cigarette in between John's lips and noted how soft they were when his thumb brushed against it, it seemed to John. William shielded the lighter with one hand as he lit it with the other, John leaned forward slightly to get the little fire to ignite on the end of his cigarette. John leaned back and inhaled, expecting the hit of a cigarette's smoke to invade his lungs, but it was different than what he smelled at home. William put his hands in his pockets and kept inhaling through his mouth and exhaling through his nose when John coughed up a cloud of smoke.
John hit the ground and he blacked out again. During his one minute black-out, while Madam Hooch was still trying to make her way to him, John's vision returned to a moment when he was above everything. He noticed three boys pushing something.
"Fantastic!" He suddenly heard and he looked around for the person he knew the voice belonged to. John, John, John!?  Sherlock was desperate for John to be there with him, anyone, in fact. He couldn't be alone, he just couldn't! He wouldn't survive alone. Sherlock then heard people clapping and cheering and he shouted for John, but it only came out as cries and sobs as he shivered. Sherlock curled up on the ground and woke up in the hospital wing. He had blankets bundled on him and he heard people talking and someone fell.
"John, I sent a message to my brother, who said he can allow us to go to the museum tomorrow to look at the painting, and I've ruled out any other possible debunking from that online search you suggested," Willam said, smiling as he made his way past an annoyed Sebastian, standing guard against any Williams who dared try to intrude, "We got this!" He said, clasping John's newly emptied hand in his own two. John smiled as well, and they shared a victorious gaze into one another's eyes, but John turned away, fighting the somehow strong urge to lean closer to the taller boy. John cleared his throat as he pulled his hands from the hold to place them on his hips.
"Why is it such a big deal, though? I mean, she's going to be okay," Sherlock said, furrowing his brows. "I mean, you act like she's been hurt or something," he murmured, looking down. Guilt could've done it, but John sighed, glancing to the ground.
"I didn't want to be in Ravenclaw, mummy," Sherlock tried, "the stupid sorting hat must be broken or something,"
"How can I, when she acts like a freak all the bloody time," the comment made John wince a bit.
"Holy shit, mate!" William turned at the bottom of the bleachers, then told John to sit down and to wait for William to help him, which John pouted, but he still did what he was told. John's body felt really heavy. "Gravity doesn't like me," John muttered as he zoned out whilst looking down at his feet.
"You still haven't told me who your crush is," She said, hopeful that she'd get that information from the introverted boy.
"Hey," She said shyly, "that was awesome, w-what you did back there, you know," She said, glancing to the floor. "They all thought you went mad back there," she softly chuckled, glancing up at John, who smiled at her, too.
"William Holmes," Someone from above said, clearing his throat.
"Well, it seems we have a fresh tomcat," Billy purred a laugh as he transfigured himself into a tuxedo cat, jumping off of the sofa the altercation had been set on, John's eyes following him with subtle shock still resonating in him. John was still confused, but he looked up at Greg,
"Have you visited Sherlock today?" Flitwick asked. John smiled,
"Or, he'd have to intervene,"
John looked at Irene's face to see that she was completely relaxed by the message John was giving her.
"I suppose, we could become friends," Sherlock said, snapping himself from his daze. Then, he remembered the book he'd gotten. He pulled it from behind him. "I got this from the library." He said.
He was waiting at the end of the hall, scratching at his last injection point out of an anxious habit. He was having an attack. People who could've only glanced at him are depicted to stare, smirk, laugh, make cruel faces, and wince at William in his mentality. He was looking from side to side as there wasn't a corner to back into. William gave up on waiting for John and rushed back into his room to isolate himself.
'What the hell!?' Sherlock mouthed.
It did Sherlock no help that John met him outside the Great Hall. In fact, he waited on the side for Sherlock. Oh, God, Sherlock thought, rolling his eyes as John began, "Sherlock, I think we need to talk," Sherlock was guided to a wall, away from the crowd. "Why're you saying that stuff to Mary?" He asked, placing his hands on his hips, "you told her she was ugly," he added.
"They send one of these damn things every bloody morning...!" He shouted, aggravated that the time he took to go out and get the post, which wasn't even a minute, had been doubled, having to go back out at a different time each day to take this one from the lawn and shoo away the owl who delivers it.
"A bunch of the older students give a morale boost to us younger by casting their patronuses into the night sky," He explained. John's eyes brightened and a smile spread on his lips.
"He didn't need to. It shows," She casually said. Sherlock's movements fell still for a moment, somehow shocked at that revelation, that everyone knew? Sherlock opened his mouth, about to say something, but Mary stood, cutting Sherlock's thoughts short by saying her good night with a smile. She left Sherlock there to think about it. Sherlock leaned back against the couch cushions. He looked around to see that the other Ravenclaws had the same idea and were heading up to their dorms as well. Sherlock sighed, feeling exhausted.
They approached William's dorm at the end of the hall.
"Well, more or less," He said with a chuckle.
"You've lost an unhealthy amount of weight since last night, John," He said, "You'll feel better once you've eaten, I swear it," William said un-steepling his hands from under his chin to look at the other boy. John sighed and handed William his notebook to go step into the almost completely vacant line for some food.
"I know my dad's mannerisms better than you John. You just have to sit there and look pretty," Sherlock smiled at John, who made a verbal growling sound, then rolled his ankle accidentally, nearly falling if it hadn't been for Sherlock catching him. Sherlock held his hand to John's.
"Oh, no, Sir. They were all me," Sherlock said, a bit nervous considering the officer's words.
"Please help, Madam," John begged, pulling her closer, "he has multiple broken ribs, fractures in the clavicle, and has been having sporadic seizures since we've found him two hours ago," He explained, "You have to clear his airways, Madam!" He pleaded with the witch.
John sat in his common room and looked into the fireplace as he strummed on his Ukelele, humming to a tune he knew. The door opened and as if on cue, Jacob entered, laughing with his mates after doing a round of hall patrols.
"Unless he'd jumped out the window in the last minute and a half," Sherlock said, sipping the cup of coffee he'd been making, "He's not going to work," Sherlock informed. "Oh, hey. I told you I'd take your trousers to the dry cleaners," He gave a quiet whine to his voice.
Sherlock frustratedly entered his flat. "How dare he!?" Sherlock grumbled as he threw his mobile to the ground and made his way to the crowded couch area and cleared it off with an angry swipe of his hand. "He can't just talk about me like that!" He shouted as he pulled a butterfly knife out of his pocket and began to fidget with it. Sherlock pulled his sleeve up and looked at his scar from all of those years ago and his heart began to throb. "He knew...?" Sherlock asked. "He knew, and he didn't do anything!" Sherlock shouted as he stabbed at the wall above the couch with the knife.
"Hello," A voice said behind John. He had a black robe on with hints of red and orange, John saw as he quickly turned around. "You're a first year, aren't you?" The boy asked. John nodded, gulping down a ball of anxiety as the older boy chuckled. He introduced himself warmly as Jacob, a perfect in Gryffindor.
With all of the pent up anger and conflictions, John was exhausted when he got home and only ended up destroying half of his room before passing out on his bed.
John was friends with Mycroft. They were as thick as thieves. So, of course, it was a surprise when Mycroft's apparent brother showed up late to a dinner, which he and Myc's boyfriend, Greg, were invited to. "This is my younger brother, William," Mycroft said, gesturing to the man, who'd taken off his black Belstaff and unwrapped his pale throat of the bright yet navy blue scarf and hung it haphazardly to the rack before turning back to the table and pulling out his chair,
"He's got a crush,"  They said simultaneously, however, their mum heard the older boy clearer than the younger one, who was muffled by the covers.
"Mm, no. There'll be older kids from all houses coming. Every year, the older kids go and summon their patronuses as a kind of morale boost for the younger of the houses." Jim explained with an excited smile.
John was finally being discharged. He was so excited to get back to civilian life. He needed to know what not fighting for his life felt like.
"And, I might just finish the job that..." And, there it was. John Reese had begun listing the names of the boys, and girls, that participated in the hazing that night. Finally, Sherlock was getting somewhere...! John stood up and fixed his already perfect hair, somehow, "If you're truly as good as you claimed, you don't need a physical list. Besides, the paper is evidence, no matter how you destroy it," and, with a final kick to the stomach, John Reese was ever-so-casually making his way down the corridor, whistling some kind of tune to himself, then switching to a hum instead.
"Eh, n-no, uh, it's actually... could you help me? I heard you were great with potions class and I just..." She exhaled sharply in a distressed sigh, "I have no idea what Snape goes on about," That made Sherlock scoff.
"Holmes," the girl with a brown ponytail said, doing her best not to look at him, whilst he looked, examined, her.
"You could've sent an owl," Sherlock pointed out.
"Only like, every day! Honestly, mate! He wouldn't --couldn't-- shut up about you," Mike shouted, then got strangely tepid for a moment. "Did you really have a crush on him?" Mike asked, snickering. Sherlock immediately felt his heart race and his face flush.
'Sherlock, don't miss your flight -MH 09.12'
"So, uh, the mess hall's the first floor at the end of the 'D wing'," William explained, making the blonde boy, who was feeling the awkward silence begin to melt away.
"Ah-!" He said, tutting John quietly, "Jacob asked me to escort you to your classes, nowhere otherwise," He said. John let out a growl and tried to escape, clawing at the air for the door, but the other perfect held JOhn by the waist and chest to keep him back until he tired himself out. e picked JOhn up and turned him around, "Go up there and get a shower," He said. It took John a moment, but he relented climbing the steps slowly with a loud groan.
"I don't need your pity," He said, his tongue sharpened with resentment over John's choice of abstinence.
"We have flying class together, right?" Mary asked, glancing up at John, pulling her hair behind her ear. John nodded. He remembered, he saw her wipe out on a broom and get up like it was nothing.
William snapped himself out with a startled jump as his mind was moving into places they shouldn't have been going. His eyes were widened and looked shocked.
"She didn't like how quickly you packed up and left," she said. Then, she chuckled, "Makes me think there might've been something happening behind my back," John's eyes widened. He quickly stood up, clearly offended.
"I, uh, I-I was just gonna go there, so..." John cleared his throat as she lifted her head, waiting for the rest of John's sentence to come out, "would you want to walk with me...?" John smiled. It took a little bit, but she nodded shyly and John chuckled breathily, grabbing his books and rushing to exit the room next to her.
Sherlock sat in the common room, just being released from the Suicidal prevention group and waiting for the alcohol addiction group meetings, shaking from withdrawal, shuddering as the cold-sweats washed over him like second nature.
"John, let's go wash you up, huh?" She asked, voice soft like she was helping him through PTSD or something. Here's the thing: John did have PTSD, John was crying, looking at the blood on his hands and remembering what his father did to him and his mother every night and every day. His eyes flickered to William's face, which was all bloodied up, enough for someone to not notice that his nose had been broken within the first punch John swung.
"You weren't exactly the quietest when asking for directions," John's heart skipped a beat as he saw the smirk on William's face reappear.
"Mate, it was a couple of times when I got really anxious," John said with a chuckle, looking at Murray as if he was an idiot.
"William, I'm not hungry," John said as he looked up at the taller boy with the strip on his nose.
"Be upset over...?" He heard next to him. John turned to see that William was right next to him, looking confused. "Oh, has someone debunked the painting!?" William asked, his eyebrows flying up in slight surprise at the thought. John and William continued to walk down the hallway.
"S-so, then do you got a boyfriend...?" John asked, but seeing that William gave him a weird look, John added, "Which is fine, by the way,"
"Is there a specific reason that you are performing less than usual recently, John?" She asked, her voice shook with frustration and old age. John was usually a very good transfigurer, but if his mind was off in space, it was difficult.
"Oh!" She chirped loudly. Sherlock harshly hushed her and all of a sudden, everything in his sight became clear, too clear. He closed his eyes and covered his ears. But, it was no use. He could still hear everything clearly. "Honey, open your eyes," She cooed. Sherlock trusted her, but when he did, he got a light in the face.
"GRYFFINDOR!!"
After researching for an hour and a half, It was time for John to get ready for Raider's hell-week. William looked up at his partner as he stood and stretched.
John got dressed up and met them at the restaurant by taking the bus. Mycroft drove Sherlock and they kind of met at the door, both of them having a smoke whilst waiting. As John approached, Sherlock put out his cigarette on the pavement and shook John's hand. John nodded.
"Just answer the bloody question," the boy insisted, pushing at John, who cautiously secured his book to his chest with both arms. Dimmock laughed stupidly. John contorted his face with anger and thought about using one of those jinxes right then and there. No, John breathed, calming himself. He opened his eyes,
"Oh! Uh, Watson. John Watson," He stammered. She rewarded John with a giggle and a simple kiss on the cheek.
Quickly worn out by running, the two walked, still hand-in-hand, weaving themselves through the city,
"I don't think you're useless, idiot," Willliam scoffed as he turned his face down to look at John, "If I thought you were useless, I wouldn't let you help me tie this useless tie," John snorted out of amusement at the comment he'd heard.
But, currently, Sherlock's biggest concern was the lunch-date with Victor. Was it even a date? Would Victor want another after this? What would Sherlock do? What if he makes a fool of himself? All urging questions as he was bearing the end of his Transfiguration class.
"What's all the groanin' for, boys?" Mrs Holmes asked as she walked up behind Mycroft.
Soon enough, the train slowed to a stop and John was wandering around in the aisleways until it did, looking into the windows to see if he could find one to fit into, but there wasn't any room for him. The doors were opened by upperclassmen. Johns remaining trunks were taken by Jacob, who he'd run into as he stepped off of the train.
From the back of his mind, Sherlock knew he wasn't experiencing this moment. He was in the lake, moving his weakened legs, trying to resurface himself and it was starting to work until two other people tore into the water, kicking and grabbing. Sherlock tried to yell for help, but the silencing spell was still in effect. Instead, Sherlock only wasted his breath. dammit,  he thought.
"I think you deserve a lot more," John tried sweetly.
"Are you insisting that the girl that I like, is a lesbian, William?" John asked, almost reaching his breaking point, trying to breathe so that he didn't snap on his newfound friend.
Needless to say that the next day, John had more marks from yet another fight he'd picked with his dad. And, he'd been further rejected from any social group at his school.
"There is nothing like this in the records, so we're honestly unsure of what to do at this point s the kid is emotional and unpredictable." They said. down the hall stood John's old roommate, Sebastian Moran, holding the assaulting weapon, facing off with a frozen William, who lightly shook his head in something akin to fear and knowingness as if he knew who Sebastian was after.
"Hey," Jacob's voice said calmly, "why don't we go someplace quiet for a few, eh?" He offered and John nodded.
"It's not Christmas yet; it's hardly Halloween," Sherlock lowly objected with a chuckle, but still closed his eyes when Jim told him to. He heard Jim giggle as he placed the thing on the table. Jim told him to open his eyes and Sherlock saw a custom made Slytherin scarf with his name on it in grey. Sherlock's eyes widened and something in his chest tightened and turned.
"I-I can't even remember what we learned... It may have been just a review," Sherlock stuttered, looking down.
"What do you remember?" John asked, pushing Sherlock's wheelchair down the hallway,
"You know they say when you're thinking of someone excessively, it means they're thinking of you, too?" Bill said with a smirk as he patted John on the back and exited the tent. It left John feeling absolutely worse than before because he was given some kind of hope; some kind of spark to let him think they would meet again.
"My family is the ministry," Sherlock's smirk was about as shit-eating as his tone as he sang, "Laters," and walked out of the Library.
"How did you know I'm a Muggle-born?" John asked, tilting his head as their hands released from one another. John moved back into his seat more to get a bit more comfortable. Sherlock scoffed again, folding his arms once more, crossing his leg with a quick swing of it,
"Sorry about your jacket, Jacob," John apologised. The perfect shrugged quickly,
John entered the room and sat next to William.
"Oh, no, Bill," William said, French inhaling, as he did, "That was kind of a long day after a long night for us, so you'll have to forgive me. I was a bit agitated," He said, finally letting the smoke go from his breath.
"I'd like to say that I know you," John said, taking William back with his sad, yet hopeful tone of voice almost like he was asking permission to get to know William, "but I'm not going to push you, or pry into your life or past for you to open up. You have to do that for your own,"
"Great, how would you do it, then?" John asked sarcastically annoyed. Sherlock grabbed John's hand, which was shaking. He steadied it in a calm position. He guided John's hands to the stack of books, which caused him to stand behind John as he slowly brought his voice low,
"You could try to be nice to her, you know," he said, making Mike laugh.
"C'mon, Dimmock, I'm not even Scottish...!" John whined.
"N-no, sir. That's not what I meant," John said, his head lowering in lack of self-confidence. "It's a nervous tick," John's neck and left shoulder twitched and his breath hitched. "I didn't mean to disrupt, sir,"
"It's your first fag?" John asked, smiling back at William, who returned his spiteful smirk as if to say, 'I told you so,' silently.
"I saw it," He said, "You see, as I was strolling up from my previous seat, and saw you sitting alone, acceptance letter in hand, where I caught your name. Then, as I dropped your trunk in exchange for mine, I saw a 'Junior Reserved Officer Training Corpse,' pamphlet being used as a bookmark in a medicinal sciences textbook, then after you, so kindly, scolded me, I took a glance down to see, 'J-R,' and I put two and two together, efficiently," He explained. John was barely keeping up with what was being said.
"I tried," He said as he continued, earning a sharp intake of air through John's mouth. As John quickly relaxed, he mused,
"S-sorry, it's a tick, is all," John tried to justify, but Snape knitted his eyebrows together in a deep furrow,
John opened the door to the bathroom and William lifted the bag for John to take a handful of food.
"Don't be, John; your quick thinking is probably why he's still alive right now," Jacob reassured, lacing a firm hand on John's shoulder. He faltered for something else to say, "I'm sorry about your past, John," he said with a light sigh. "but, then again, it's what made you the brave, smart boy you are now, however shitty that may sound," Jacob complimented with a chuckle,
"Oh, who are you?" He asked. John walked down the steps.
Flitwick was very excited to see Sherlock back to Charms class. The class proceeded as usual. Everything seemed boring without John's presence, annoying or not. He hated to admit it, but he felt like he became almost dependant on John to determine his mood.
"Huh," Sherlock let out softly as he did his best to straighten himself.
"Hmm?" William hummed again,
"Mate, no, you bloody weren't! You were walking towards he bloody jukebox!" The older boy shouted angrily.
Ophelia stepped back with a smile. Madam Pomfrey handed the packet of paper back to her. "She wanted your records,"
"That... was ridiculous...!" John gasped.
"I'm counting on it," John smiled, "now!" He shouted and Sherlock kicked himself off of the siding of the house, which slipped. Sherlock yelped and John groaned, jumping up to intercept the boy's fall.
"But, how did you...?" John trailed off as his eyes locked with the curly-haired boy for a moment before looking away, a desperate attempt to not get lost in those oceanic eyes, which were piercing through him as if John weren't even there.
"Look, I like you, John; you're a good kid, but your friend is sniffing around where he shouldn't,"  Jossy defended with her hands, which waved with discretion.
John ate pretty quickly and stood up. A lot of the upperclassmen that sat around Sherlock had left already to prepare the common room for the first-years, which was what also happened with most Gryffindor upperclassmen, too. John kicked his leg over the bench next to Sherlock. He hadn't eaten at all.
"We're allowed to bring friends," he said. John pushed Sherlock inside and parked him near the fire. Sherlock let himself fall asleep. He didn't even feel when John and a few other first-years carried him up to the dorms and plopped him into John's bed.
After a while of messing with William and letting him take some of John's food for himself, John saw Irene. He didn't want to leave William, because he was actually starting to warm up to the kid how ever obnoxious people might think he is. To solve his dilemma, John waved his hand and called for Irene to come to him. Once Irene saw who was calling for her to accompany her to dinner, she quickly ran over to joyously sit next to John. When she turned to look at the kid sitting across from her friend, however, Irene wore an expression explaining that she was less than pleased.
John shrugged, sorry to disappoint, "what do you think I'd be?" He asked, leaning forward with a grin. Sherlock narrowed his eyes, accepting the challenge that seemed to thrill him, by the look in his eyes. He hummed briefly as if thinking, still searching John for an answer.
"Well, okay, I suppose," John said, tentatively standing up with his tray in his tray. Irene stood up with him and wrapped her arm around his to guide him through the crowded mess hall. John turned his head to look back at the table and nobody was there, again leaving John with the question of, 'Was he even there to begin with?' to pick at his brain for the rest of his meal at a table where he didn't feel like he belonged.
"This was all I could find," John said, feeling insecure about his persuasion skills as Mike had more people than him.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John pulled Sherlock into the hospital wing and worried as Hagrid transferred him to a bed. Sherlock remembered John there, strumming that day. He was humming the tune to the song he'd played on the train that day. That wasn't even a week ago.
"Okay, then," Jim looked around swiftly before pulling his wand to cast, "Silencio," with practised swings to his hand, sending its effects on Sherlock, who only silently grunted, slightly panicked. Jim went behind Sherlock and pulled on the handles of the chair, excusing Sherlock from the table for him. Jim leaned over, "I'm so sorry, Shezzer," he whispered, "Please, pretend to look as impartial as usual,"
After the information was given to the dean, John found that that dorm wasn't Irene's, it was one of her enemies' dorms. Apparently, she'd set up the encounter to, therefore, ruin and soil that girl's sheets and stable mental standing.
"Just because he thought I've done something to influence his friend getting expelled, does not mean that I was the reason he snapped, got it!?" He shouted, startling Sebastian into a shocked silence. "Never again should I ever catch you trespassing in my room or you will be sorry," Sherlock demanded, asserting his territory to Sebastian, who nodded while averting eye contact. 'Did I truly scare him?' Sherlock thought as Sebastian got up, shoved the papers in Sherlock's chest, and scuttled off into the hallway, muttering,
"Oh, really?" Mike smirked.
"I said move," Jim snarled, pulling his wand from the sleeve of his newly dried robe. John only held up his fists with a look of warning. Jim scoffed, "What'll you do, Mud-blood, hit me?"
"I'm allergic to someone," He sat down next to the desk.
"Ha! I got him first...!" This elicited a groan from Lestrade as he then smirked and pulled out his mobile, texting the detective as they filtered from the room. John heard a light gasp, and the next thing he knew he was holding Sherlock back from attacking the DI, who had been smiling. Of course, Sherlock's attack attempt had just been a bluff, but it was still a serious offense, even if they weren't in England anymore.
When he woke up, Mike was at the door asking if they could hang out. John quickly cast the repairing spell and everything was essentially back to the way it was by the time Mike was let into his room by he mum.
After class, John had a break in the day, but Sherlock had flying-class, which he couldn't do anyway, so they both headed to the Gryffindor common room.
"We've also brought your dinner to the common room, mate," he said. John knew it was an incentive for him to leave for the night and John was finishing up a tune on his Uke when someone else entered the room. John stood, his music halting to see professor Flitwick. John smiled.
"So, recently, I don't know if you're aware, there has been a magical force destroying the city," John started, opening the book. John hadn't even noticed that his friend froze. "And, how it was described, at first, I was baffled, but once I compared the video evidence to the pictures in the books, I think it 's safe to assume that this creature is magical, and I had to do a lot of digging for this, but it may be an Obscurus," John turned the book to reveal a few pieces of paper that he ripped from a book or two from the local wizard library aisle. John heard Sherlock take in a breath.
John and Mike lead the attack, charging in first, showing the rest of them where to step. John saw soldiers' helmets pop up, telling them the enemy was onto them.
William returned to his dorm quickly, his face flushed from embarrassment and anger. John was sitting on the bed, reading a book when he saw his friend return so emotionally.
John had left the shoppe with three different magical creatures books in hopes to find out what this destructive force really was. Before John went home, he stopped to grab some cheap pastries for himself at a small bakery run by two witches, who seemed very close.
Sherlock's stomach ached! What had he eaten yesterday? He furrowed his eyebrows and groaned. He heard someone softly hush him in a low lull. He felt the prick of a syringe tip in his arm and his eyes snapped open. "Ow!" He shouted, ripping his arm from the person jabbing him with a bloody needle! He slowly sat up and opened his eyes to see a foggy view of Madam Pomfrey, who seemed surprised that he was awake.
John grabbed his bag, slung it over his shoulder, and ran as fast as he could to the hospital wing. John burst through the doors, his lungs heaving wildly as he'd been running since the staircases. Jacob turned, surprised to see John in the room.
"There are only two rooms; It seems Dr Watson and DI Lestrade are closer than we thought, of course, it is a double-bed room," Finch sounded slightly surprised.
"I love you,"
"The hospital," John said with wide eyes as if mentally scolding himself for not thinking of it,
They shook hands and the bet was set. They casually talked and John got bored on the ride there so he lied on the seat with his feet up on the wall, strumming a mindless tune on his Uke as he hummed his boredom, "yeah, yeah, yeah...!" John muttered and adjusted his fingers on the strings as he played.
"Watson, how're you holdin' up, mate?" Mike asked, knocking on the side of his cot with his boot.
John was alone with no one to tell him what to do, or where to sit, or if it would be considered rude to sleep on the train. John had expected all of that. He needed structure and discipline to wean him from his previous home's structure and workings, or the very dangerous lack there of.
"Did I...?" John asked, slowly reaching his hand as if he were to touch it, however, he had this sick feeling in his stomach and suddenly pulled away. "And yet you came back; why?" John asked as he looked down in shame.
"Can we just switch to Modern Warfare; I don't like Zombies," The first-year asked, picking up the case to a different game.
"H-how can he be a snitch? Was he transfigured?" She hissed in a whisper. John furrowed his eyebrows.
"I need you, Lionel," John said.
John looked back to the Slytherin table to see that Jim was reading his letter, then back up at the staff of the castle. Mary noticed his tenseness.
"Fine, I'll go with Sherlock first whilst you figure out the plan, then I'll go with you and investigate the suspect undercover, okay?" John finally gave in, giving a compromise to both of them, but Sherlock had to sneer,
Sherlock skipped lunch to go to flying class with Mary, who also seemed to miss John. He'd have to catch up to his class if he didn't want to take it again next year instead of some elective.
"What, sir, excuse me for being brash, but I don't need a therapist," John muttered.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Well, what changed?" She asked She was taken aback as she saw a smile creep up on the boy's usually cold, methodical face. William tilted his head down to hide the smile without getting rid of it. He never wanted rid of this gravity-defying feeling in his gut.
"The code for these numbers, they don't make sense," he sighed again, picking up the black expo marker. Marking up the board, Harold didn't stop or slow down as he heard John stand. "The only explanation for this would be to assume that: One, there are three numbers in lieu of our usual one; Two, these numbers aren't all numbers, so they must be foreign, somehow," Harold said, capping the marker. There were, as Harold had said, three separated keys to three different lives, they assumed.
"So, guess what I have for you?" Jim asked excitedly. Sherlock tilted his head.
"Yeah, but who cares? That's the fun in it!" Jim said, perking up to laugh. Sherlock still seemed unconvinced. For whatever reason, he looked back at John, who was now talking to the girl he sat next to in charms class. Sherlock looked back at Jim,
"William, let's go!" There was a loud knocking at the door with a voice blaring from the outside. John jumped out of startlement. He blinked rapidly as he'd realised their faces were a bit closer than before. John took an anxious step back and looked at William with a smile. John quickly straightened William's tie before he could turn away from him. John softly nodded and looked up at William, but couldn't look him in the eye. William could probably guess what was going through John's mind: 'What would've happened if we weren't interrupted?' That was also because William himself was asking himself the same question.
"William, did you really expect me to not go to the recruiters?" John asked. William's expression changed for the worse as John hadn't called him by his actual name since before the holiday.
"You're no better a witch than I am a wizard," John said she looked absolutely offended and she strutted around the fountain to stand poshly in front of John. "You're probably just an arrogant first-year, who can't seem to get a grip on reality," John said, clenching his fists.
"You even think about doing what you did last night," his voice was still surprisingly smooth for him giving a threat to Sherlock, who only just got his breath back,
"Oh, my God!" John laughed as they approached the charms classroom, "You've never sword-fought with your brothers!?" He asked in disbelief. Sherlock laughed,
The ride on the boat was fun. It was supposed to be tranquil and calming, but Hagrid gave him a few playful splashes of water, which lightened it up for John.
"I'm bored," He said, making John more irritable.
John was letting steam off by using the weight-room equipment.
"How'd you even know my NI number?" John asked, wrapping his towel around the back of his neck as he picked up his outfit from the basin. "Where's my pants!?"
"Hello. Uh, my name is John," John said, clearing his throat. Her eyes lit up at the mention of his name.
Jossy nodded in understanding, "Alright," then, she seemed to realise something, "you may want to tell your buddy that,"
The two walked to the car outside and got in. The car started and began to drive off as William was on his way to his monthly therapy session.
"No, I'm a Mud-blood," John said casually with. Shrug. Jacob stopped in his tracks.
"Your, uh, y-your bra," John stuttered, nervous about getting the wrong idea and getting in trouble.
John nodded, "Pomfrey doesn't want your entire recovery to depend on magic, and neither do I," Sherlock put his hands through the holes, which were open on the backs, and pushed himself up. He could feel his legs, they were just too weak to support his weight and move, for now. John helped Sherlock clamber down the stairs, only losing his balance once. Thankfully, John was in front of him, there to catch him if he had fallen, which he had. Sherlock chuckled nervously.
"Hello, John," Sherlock said, "was there something you wanted to talk about?" He asked.
Suddenly, Sherlock's hand, as if on its own accord, had moved to grab John's holding it as they stood outside the hotel, waiting for the cab they'd called just before the argument had happened. "I'm sorry,"
"I was going to say that everywhere else was full and I'm trying to make friends, but it seems like you're being a complete twat about it," John said with a huff of frustrated breath. Just as Sherlock smirked and folded his arms across his chest, "So, I guess I'll have to try harder," That seemed to surprise the boy as he stopped right before making another snide arse comment coated with venom, "My name's John Watson," John said with a warm smile, sticking out his hand,
John was very surprised when William tackled him in a hug, causing John to fall back against the bed.
"Um, John I'd like you to know that I consider myself married to my studies, so while I'm flattered by your-" He started, but John busted out laughing.
The trio tried their best to keep quiet as they made their way to William's room. "I'm getting in the shower," John said as he grabbed clothes from 'his' designated drawer and made his way to the bathroom, leaving William to pull all of the hidden foods out of the hiding spot. William got up and walked into the bathroom with an ecstatic smile soon after John had started the water.
"And, this is the part when you leave me to go hit on Irene, who only wants to get into your trousers and dash," William said with a half-smirk on his face, however, he let it drop when John looked at him, disbelief in his voice when he said,
"They told me I had to do things to them. I had to do things that I didn't want to do," William said as he tensed up,
"It looks fairly consensual on all parties," Harold said with a shrug in his voice. "'Seems as though Mr Holmes, who doesn't really like the spotlight of London, mainly works with homicides; I'd check with Detective Carter and Fusco to see if they can keep an eye on them if I were you." He suggested. John gave a brief hum and turned his head, giving his earpiece a tap with his finger as he stealthily dialled for Detective Carter.
"Sherlock, where the hell are you!?" He heard the man yell through the phone.
"Yeah, it's kind of odd; A perfect in Hufflepuff told me that Victor let the kid into their house...!" another girl hissed with a giggle.
"Somehow, I feel bad for the fraud," John's voice, smooth as ever, rolled through the line as he continued to take pictures of the three men in the room.
Kids played Gobstones and used the levitation charm on one another, laughing and talking amongst themselves. John entered his line of sight and Sherlock stood to greet him.
"More like pure logic, mud-blood," he said snapping his head up pridefully. John tilted his head, "My brother said 'Mud-blood' is another term for Muggle-borns," Sherlock explained. John nodded, and Sherlock continued on his prideful rant about how he belonged to Slytherin.
"Eh, just unclip it," Irene said furrowing her eyebrows as she didn't feel any activity o her back anymore.
"John, no," William tried,
"One more night is one more morning for me in the laundry room, trying not to throw myself into the dryer whilst 'chatting' with Bill Murray again."
Sherlock met up with Victor at the entrance to the courtyard. Victor hugged him and took his hands as they went through the door at the end of the steps. There was a spot cleared out where it seemed Victor made a pillow fort with blankets, sheets, and comforters. Victor pulled back a blanket as f drawing a certain and Sherlock and he entered. The space had been enchanted with the muffliato spell and atmospheric charm, making the blanketed area warmer than outside was.
"William, you've been... off," John stated as he was redressing his friend's arm, glancing up at the boy with worried eyes, "are you okay?" He asked. William looked at John, his one, only and best friend with his cold eyes that softened when they were in each other's company.
"It's not a teacher, is it?" His father asked.
After class, Snape told Sherlock to stay but didn't take kindly to John keeping his presence near. "Don't you have a charms class to be heading to, Watson?" Snape snapped, trying to aggressively excuse the student. John smiled tiredly, unamused and very sarcastic,
They lied there for longer than they thought they had, just listening to one another's breathing as John's left hand was on his stomach, his right hand was in William's as the taller boy slowly rubbed his thumb across the scar and brushed through John's hair once more.
"Mycroft," John hissed, giving the doorway another brief glance,
"You don't have to push me, you know?" Sherlock said, letting his eyes close a long moment. He opened them up to see that they'd arrived at a staircase. John parked the chair and unhooked those things from the handles. John brought them in front of Sherlock to reveal that they were braces, leg braces. Magical ones, he wagered. Sherlock rolled his eyes. John strapped them to Sherlock's legs and showed Sherlock how to strap them. John stood and leaned over Sherlock to grab something else. "Wrist supporting crutches?"
"Somebody's already jacked him, but I've got the doctor's phone," John said, looking down at his own phone's screen, the confirmation of him forcing it to pair was right there, "Which means, not five minutes into the country and he's already being tailed," he said, lingering in the mix of people to look at the three men had exited the terminal, "he must be in some kind of trouble,"
"No," He muttered. "Sebastian, you're not him; don't act like it," Sebastian looked up,
"And, every time, I hope you'll accept," The man said, hopefully grinning at his of age son.
"So, you want me to keep an extra close eye on our Londoner while you two work behind the curtains, is that it?" She asked lowly, her eyes scouring the floor of the police precinct she worked in.
When they got back, John took Harold's coat and hung it as the shorter man had taken off his glasses as he opened a filing cabinet, sending Bear to sit obediently at Harold's side, making John let a chuckle out of his throat. Once Harold's glasses had readjusted to the temperatures of the room compared to the outdoor park a block away, he set them back to his face, so he could effectively 'dig' for the dog treats, coming out with nothing.
There two playfully interlocked their arms, "I always thought I'd be doing this on my sixteenth birthday with Mike," John joked. They drank it down like shots.
"What made you want a pint?" The man asked, looking over at his son.
"I didn't make it that obvious, did I?" John asked as he lowered his camera from where he was set up across the street some. Through his earpiece, the doctor grunted as he twisted around,
'Keep in touch, please...'
"Dammit...!" John cursed as he pressed with all of his weight. He was getting tired, but he can't give up on Sherlock! He can't! He'd just done some breaths again muttering that Sherlock had to make it when he felt a hand on his shoulder,
"Don't lie to me, William." She said, sneering at him, "I always knew you were different than the rest of them," she said. Sherlock's eyes widened and his head began shaking slowly as if brokenly saying, no,
John opened the letter from Dumbledore first, swallowing as he glanced up at the advisor table, where the staff sat in a line in the front of the magical castle. He looked back at it when Dumbledore nodded to him.
"You may think you two go unnoticed," Sherlock said, shuffling himself closer to the boy, his hand still lying comfortably across the older Ravenclaw's shoulder, "but I notice everything," Sherlock gently dragged out. Finally leaning back, Sherlock smiled, letting his head turn ever so slightly to meet the eyes of John Reese, incredibly handsome for wanting to stay unseen in life. Sherlock stood with a grunt, pushing in his chair, leaning against it for a moment or two longer, grabbing the one crutch he used for tonight. Sherlock gave Harry's back a few pats, "Laters," He drug out again, more cheerful and loud for both Johns to hear, then limped to the door, where he picked up his other crutch by the door and leave.
"Ah, but that's not what you've been accepted for. Was it, John?" He heard the snarky remark from the deep voice from above, making his heart-rate accelerate.
John was pulling out to remove the condom from himself when the door opened and there was a scream. An administrator ran up to the opened door to see John frozen out of fear over top of Irene, who had a shit-eating grin on her face. After they were both presentable, the administrator had them go down to the dean's office. The administrator followed closely behind as to monitor their behaviour. The information spread like a wildfire.
As he was looking for the address, however, Sherlock accidentally bumped shoulders with a group of boys his age. Sherlock turned quickly and apologised.
"He's just... He likes to pretend like those things didn't happen, you know?" He said with a sigh.
"Get out." The older boy said. John snapped his head up, his smile dropping quickly. "You're not welcome in this car, let alone this school, mud-blood," he sneered. John's eyes widened. He looked at Sherlock, who had the same reaction. "Go, out, now!" He shouted, startling John from his seat. He was grabbing his things and hurrying out of the cabin within seconds. He looked dejectedly as Sherlock as the door slammed shut. Sherlock was looking to the floor as muted yelling came from the boy who'd kicked John from the cabin.
"You are?" She asked, offering the smile once more,
"Well, there's Tesco," John thought aloud, "aaaand, up ahead is the twin petrol stations," he nodded toward the opposing petrol stations, only a street separating them, often participating in unofficial prank wars for fun publicity which usually works for them. Sherlock and John turned right on an intersection. "Mmm, nope," John popped, "no idea," he only lightly chuckled.
