Now I have read through all the medical papers submitted to my office, I have viewed the video evidence and also the written submissions by yourself, Captain Rogers and members of the Avengers.  Before I make my final decision I would like to hear personally from yourselves how you decided on such a drastic plan of action.”
He must have lost consciousness for a time, disorientated it took him a moment to realize he was now laying on his back, legs spread wide as Wolf toyed with his stubby cocklet, as he finger fucked his bitch cunt.
Steve continues to rub Tony’s dick enjoying the wanton moans and the smell of sweet scented slick.  Tony tries to hump into his hand but Steve holds him tight against his chest continuing to rub and flick the tip of his omega’s tiny cock.  Watching in the mirror as his omega’s body flushes with arousal.
On Tony’s Instagram he posted a set of photos of him getting ready for their evening, the last shot was of Tony sleeping in the v of his legs, face over his seemingly sleep pant covered crotch
“There we go, Tony open up and swallow down your new Protection detail, that’s it omega, show all these good people who you lied to and deceived all these years what you truly are, a cock sucking omega whore, whose only use is as a fuck toy and breeder. Let them all see how milk he you love being stuffed full of cum, how you beg for cock and cannot stand to have your holes empty.
Once the interview had finished, Steve and Winter had wasted no time in stripping off the skimpy shift, forcing him to kneel facing the back of the sofa so that they could simultaneously fuck his mouth and ass, swapping ends every time they orgasmed, encouraging each other on to see who could have the most orgasms.
Pepper hated that she kept losing time, after Bruce’s farce of a medical exam she had woken back in her office, fully dressed, with Natasha sitting at her desk going through her computer.  For the rest of the afternoon she had no time to herself to gather her thoughts and formulate A plan of action.
Bruce looked up from where he was already reading through the joint data from the two Starks research.  The speed at which this Tony had combined and refined the research and come up with a viable antidote was astonishing.  He would spend the night tweaking and perfecting it, as he wanted to see if his own research into omega biology could be added into the equation.
I am going to study Loki’s breast milk further, to see if l can isolate the enzyme that is rejecting the bonding of both fats.  If l can isolate it and study it, I may be able to produce a synthetic one that will allow for the two to amalgamate and stop the Jotun fat from breaking down.”
“Inspector, Captain, I will take my leave now so that I can arrange with finance the transfer of the fine, I will also begin the task of liquidating all Stark’s personal assets.  The net profit will be deposited in the Avengers personal account on completion of each sale.  Captain Rogers you will have full control of the account as Stark’s Alpha and Leader of the Avengers.
Natasha is working on the remaining stubborn two board members, Nicolson and Adams.  I expect to hear from her within the next few days. Nicolson is and old fart, susceptible to a pretty young woman, poor thing is going to be found dead in the arms of his lover, his family are devout Catholics so they will not want any scandal.
Tony crawl to the President and put your slutty mouth to work, Mr President you my knot our meg’s mouth if you wish.”
Tony desperately wanted Loki’s thick long cock, not caring which hole he shoved it in. Clenching down on the omega god’s fingers he grabbed Loki’s hair and pulled him down in to a sloppy kiss, shivering as his pierced tongue ravaged his mouth, sharp teeth nipping at his lips.
How is Steve to blame? He rescued you and has done everything in his power to ensure that you received the best treatment.  He has taken on the role of caregiver as well as husband.  He has taken over all responsibility for Stark Industries and your welfare, Natasha has agreed to put her wants and needs on hold to take over from Pepper, who will be going on maternity leave and has proved that she cannot cope with being CEO on her own due to her weak slutty personality, that she kept hidden from everyone.  The other Avengers are also taking on roles withing the company so that you don’t need to be stressed and anxious and can concentrate on living the life-style that is most suited to yourself and your husband.
Steve and Winter watch as Tony crawls towards them head hanging low tears dripping, his thighs are splayed wide as he shuffles forward the massive plug and dildo preventing him from closing them. His heavy breasts hang low between his arms, nipples grazing the floor as he crawls towards them the tender nubs rubbed raw.
“I don’t think so Natasha, l am tired and sore and will be having an early night,  give my apologies to Steve but l need to be at the top of my game for the start of the merger meetings tomorrow, tell him that I will be happy to accept becoming an affiliate member of the Avengers Pack but not a full member, being the Beta Alpha of SI Pack is going to take up all of my time and attention, it would not be fair to the Avengers Pack.”
Steve struggled futilely in his bonds, trying to get a way from the dildo methodically pounding his ass.  His limbs ached from being held in one position for days, his throat raw from shouting.  No one came, the lights stayed on, strange metallic limbs periodically came down from the ceiling or up from the floor, forcing him to swallow water and a strange tasting goop, milking his cock of cum and pee, emptying his bowels.
Tears rolled down her cheeks as she watched her Alpha buzz off her remaining hair, he had started with a grade 3, but had not been satisfied as there had been a few shorter patches that stood out, he had removed the guard and told her that a marine buzz cut would be the only way to get it even all over.
Natasha and Clint both could lip read so repeated Banners words for their Captain and the Professor.
“Now I think we will start with the shake, I am going to pour it into your mouth and all you need to do is swallow until it is all gone, but I am warning you that if you spill any because you are not drinking fast enough we will start again with a full glass!”
It had been incredibly frustrating watching and waiting for the right time to make his move, Tony had been very resistant to his advances, but he bided his time and when his poor baby has been rejected once again he had been there to pick up the pieces.   There courtship had been rocky to say the least, Tony had shied away at the least sign of Steve trying to control or dominate him anywhere other than the bedroom,
“Fuck Tony, not the puppy eyes, please come on that’s totally not fair.  Oh god don’t cry, Cap is going to kill me, here have the cream, see lots of lovely cream, just eat it quick before anyone else sees and rats on us.”
that had surrounded Bucky. Clear blue eyes a deeper shade than Steve’s stare him down until he lowers his eyes a red flush covering his cheeks.  His heart beat increases rapidly as Winter strides towards him and it takes all his strength not to turn tail and run.
Tony lazily laps and sucks on the slowly thrusting fingers, drifting blissfully on a cloud of Alpha pheromones. His cock is being squeezed tightly by it’s cage, the pain just riding the boarder line of pleasure, he can feel his Alphas cum being pumped in to his breeding hole which has snared both cockheads in its vice like grip.  Deep in the recesses of his mind he is aware his body should not be able to handle two knots at once and two cockheads engaged in his breeding hole.
Tony could not describe how full he felt, Thor and Odin both had huge cocks, together was just beyond anything he had ever felt, his pussy had swallowed them both, he could feel his muscles squeezing and milking them, eager for the cum he knew would flood his cunt and womb. He felt Odin’s breath on his neck as Thor dragged him up by his hair, he screamed as Odin’s fangs sank into his neck, blood streaming down his chest, he climaxed as Odin’s alpha serum sank into his bonding gland, releasing pleasure pheromones throughout his body.
Pepper found herself automatically gravitating towards the bed, dropping her robe as she climbed on, it was as if she was trapped in her mind watching someone else move her body.
“There we go bitch, back with us, good.  Now I think it is time for the second part of your punishment to begin.”
Steve looked on from the open door way, watching the myriad emotions flickering across his Omega’s face.  His lips quirked in a small smile when he saw the brief flash of resentment and anger as Tony looked at the brand on his neck.
Pepper had also been disappearing in the afternoons on a regular basis as well, always coming back with a selection of cakes for Happy and him but would never divulge where she had been or who she was meeting.
Tony’s thighs are burning as he tries to maintain his position, the weight of Steve’s hand on his shoulder ensures he cannot rise, Bucky is now squeezing both his breasts tightly his large hands kneading and pinching full mounds leaving dark finger marks on his abused flesh.  Bucky pulls on his tits roughly causing him to fall forward off Steve’s fingers onto his hands and knees, exposing his dripping pussy and quivering asshole.  Steve wastes no time in sheathing his cock in Tony’s pussy, setting a brutal pace.
“Ms Potts I can assure you of the utmost confidentiality of all our staff at the Mountain Rise Conditioning Centre.  There’s never been any incidents of disclosure of treatment for any of our high profile patients.”
Steve grabbed hold of his cock and followed Bruce’s lead, it was strange to hold the other alpha’s cock at first and realise how much bigger it was, he did wonder if it was smaller when Bruce was not channeling the Hulk.
Now place your hands on the table and spread your legs wide, you will keep eye contact with the Board at all times.”
Tony tried to refuse yet another bottle of cum shake but Steve just kept stroking his bonding mark whilst staring at his pregnant belly with such a disappointed look on his face the he caved in and opened his mouth.
Tony was beautiful, his small breasts with their dusty nipples that had nurtured all their children, his body full and round, soft rolls of flesh that provided comfort, security and love.
Each smack of the paddle had their omega gasping, Winter concentrated first on the plump cheeks, when he noticed the omega deliberately pushing his reddened cheeks he changed the angle and landed the next few blows along the tops of each thigh, smirking at each howl real pain that followed.  To finish off he changed the angle of his strokes to ensure he reached the tender sit spots, and if he added another five strokes to each cheek well it wasn’t as if the little bitch could complain about the unfairness of it to anyone.
Steve escorted her out to her car, both relieved that their deception was undiscovered. Pepper was a beautiful strong Alpha and any other time he would willingly have taken the time to pleasure her, but he had an omega to punish and bond with.  Pepper’s knowing glance down at his hardening cock showed that she knew exactly what he was thinking.
5.	You will have three compulsory seasons a week as my Little Boy (If you drop into your headspace on your own that will not be included in the official time)
“Come on Natty , did you really think he would care, he has been here for months and even has his own omega, him and the Professor work closely together and the Hulk is gone, nothing but a test tube of DNA left.
“Sweetheart, you are going to shine amongst all the other omegas, l want them and their Alphas to see how beautiful and well behaved you are going to be for me.”
Steve drove them back to the Tower the following morning, Tony sat quietly with his Stark pad, working on the upgrades for the next generation Stark Phone.  He kept his eyes on the screen not wanting to catch a glimpse of himself in the side mirror again.
Tony stared at himself in the full length mirror studying the differences in his appearance to what he would usually look when attending a board meeting.
Howard had given a press conference the following day to announce that his son had been in a car accident and once released from hospital would be staying at a rehabilitation centre for treatment for the next 6 months but was expected to make a full recovery.  In reality, Howard had beaten Tony to the brink of death when he had found his son being fucked in the back room of a night club after he had disappeared from his party.  Six months later Tony had arrived at MIT and proceeded to sleep and engineer his way through both his Degrees and Masters’ courses.
“Lay still little omega, good little bitches take what is given without all the fuss you are making. You would not have lasted 5 minutes as a Hydra omega, they knew their place and heaven help them if they stepped out of line.”
Early morning sees him binding BB’s hands, feet and knees with the straw stuffing and strips of mattress material. He fashions a sling out of his silk sheet and adapts her harness to make reins and stirrups.  He climbs on her back and uses the crop on her tits to get her moving, she cries out in pain as she steps onto the broken bones and glass, he doesn’t care he has to get away. He continues to crop her tits and ass as she stumbles along, he is desperate to put distance between himself and the smashed mirror, he knows that final act of defiance before running will cost him.
The plan for now is to concentrate on bringing him to a harmonious relationship with his transition to full omega and going forward teach him the necessary tools to be able to communicate openly his feelings and concerns with you as his Alpha and with his pack mates.    It is not going to be easy, Tony may seem very verbose and open but, if you listen and watch him carefully you will find that he never really divulges anything of great meaning about himself, it is a mask to hide a very insecure and socially awkward person, who has never been taught the necessary social skills to communicate with people who do not hold the same genius level of intelligence.
Gripping Tony’s hair, he pulled him in to a rough kiss teeth biting and sucking his lips and tongue, dominating completely giving his omega no chance to participate.  Drinking down his omega’s moans he continued to ravage Tony’s mouth until could feel him gasping for breath.
Steve stifled a laugh as Natasha and Pepper entered, Natasha was stunning her red hair curled and sitting on her shoulders, makeup flawless, her business suit elegant and subtly clinging to her curves.  She walked with an air of confidence and power, the five-inch heels showing off her shapely legs.
Bruce and Clint soon returned with drinks and bowls of snacks for everyone.  Tony slid to his knees beside Steve, aware of the plug shifting as he settled.
“Hmm look at that, think our babe needs a smaller cock cage if he can still come with that one on, then again once he is bred full of pups his little cocklet will be stubby and soft all the time so there will be no need.”
Keeping an omega unbalanced and unable to anticipate what his Alpha wanted was a method of training that meant more punishments for the omega but also shortened training time as the omega worked harder to obey and reduce the amount of disciplining that they had to endure.
The soft swell of his stomach will be another sign of him being an omega, we are going to have to ensure that he is kept filled with cum or force fed  before any appearance in public, as it seems a soft omega belly is not  a trait of omegas in his world. One view of his toned abdomen and chest would raise alarm bells straight away, I would recommend that he not be allowed any form of exercise for the foreseeable future until his muscle mass has diminished, and  we keep to a diet of high fat force feeding until his stomach has softened.
Tonight though he had allowed Tony the comfort of the four inch heels for his first public appearance, especially as it was going to be his tiny cock that would be the talk of social media, Tony had been so concerned about his lost inches in height he had forgotten how the camera lens and lights would turn the fabric of his toga see through.
“No!  I am an alpha, you can’t turn me into a bitch omega, this is just a game we are playing.  I won’t give in you bastard! You will never break me.”
Unfortunately for Tony he was now the figurehead of the campaign to overturn Omega Rights so Steve could not let him put a foot wrong in public, breeding him quickly helped the campaign but also protected Tony from the glare of the press and public, who were watching his every move waiting for him to fail and for his Alpha to punish him in full view of everyone.
“Tony as of now this pregnancy and all others will follow the old traditions for omega pregnancies. I am going to list them out for you so that you are clear on what is expected of you, we have initiated some new ones and amended others due to the arc reactor and the fact you will always have multiple pregnancies.
“ Well l think that Pepper is going to be spending an awful lot of time in the kennels, Raider is not going to want to share her until she has caught.  Might as well leave healing her holes until he has impregnated her, Jarvis have the nanotech realign her jaw and hold it in place with a muzzle.”
“God damm, you are so tight, ahhhhhh, fuck, there we go baby, your greedy cunt is getting  wet and slick for me.
Fuck! Who was he kidding Steve was going to be ecstatic at getting his best buddie back, the one link to his past life he was never going to let him leave. The only question was how much manipulating he would have to do to get Stevie willing to fully share the omega.
“ Such a good little cum slut.  You took it so well, your stomach needed to be filled and soon your arse will be as well, so full you will not be able to move.  Relax now I am going to make you feel so good, you want that don’t you? You are such a whore for my cock and my cum just as you should be. ”
The mating bond tied him to this Steve, his omega biology adapting to his Alpha’s pheromones, craving them along with his Alpha’s knot and attention.  It didn’t matter that Steve had tricked him, he had freely given his consent and his physiology had begun to adapt to the bond processes of this universe.
He was aware of movement at the door, this would be a test to see how far Steve had come after their talks on what a pack omega’s roll was for the second in command,  and with Natasha gone that was now him.
“Suck them little cow see what sweet milk you produce,  my pups are going to grow big and strong on this sweet honey.  Going to keep your udders full, milk you every day, make sure there is enough milk for all of us, daddy any his pups need your tits full and bursting with our milk.”
“Pepper if you have chosen to kneel before me to show obeisance, I expect you to do so in a refined and elegant manner.  Now I am going to let go of you and I expect your next attempt to be worthy of my beta-alpha.”
Needless to say, Peter and yourself, are going to have to face the consequences of these serious transgressions.”
Slipping his cock free he ploughed straight into Tony’s quivering hole, grinding his hips against the omega’s abused flesh, the rough drag of denim and the metal zip torture against the burning skin. Grabbing unruly curls, he forced the omega’s head up so that he could watch their reflection in the mirror.
His omega was beautiful, lost in a pain and pleasure loop.  It would be a sin not to take his own fill of his bitch.
Pepper collected the folders once all the documents had been signed, placing them in her brief-case she stood to leave, before shutting the door she turned to take in all the Avengers;
Grabbing hold of Steve’s shoulder, he dragged him away from brooding over the Cradle, whilst asking Jarvis to order in Chinese and let the nanny know that they would be coming to see the pups and to have the milk cow ready for their use.
“There we go baby boy, mio bel bambino can rest now, in the morning Aunty Pepper is bringing a friend to visit with you so you need to get a good night’s sleep.”
“Come Omega time to get you all clean and hair free, you have an appointment with my tattoo needles this evening.
Steve bit down hard on his omega’s gland as Tony’s cock pulsed and a thin steam of cum painted his belly.  His own cock shot load after load, deep into his omega, Tony’s channel milking his knot.
Wielding her pliers, she cut of each tiny ring, sneering at their small size and weight, surprised that Thor had even known that the bitch needed to be pierced.
“Look at you, such a little pain slut!  Could beat your ass black and blue all day and you would still be begging for more, such a dirty little meg, tits hard and leaking, cunt and asshole dripping.
Tony squirmed trying to get used to the larger wand as it pushed and stretched  the thick resistant muscles of his birthing canal, the subtle vibrations of both plug and wand against his prostrate sent curls of heat and arousal to his dick which once again twitched and slightly filled.
The force of the slap to his face rattled his teeth, he tried to speak out, to get Bucky to snap out of his mania, but one glare was all it took to silence him.
Sit back on the chair and hook your legs over the arms, hands behind your head. Show me your satin covered cock.
Leaning over he lay against Tony’s back placing soft kisses on his neck and cheek, ensuring that he kept most of his weight off.  Pushing his cock against his backside he rutted gently pressing his hips down, his baby’s panicked whimpers such a delicious sound as he whispered in his ear.
Once again the music began quieten and he let out a sob of relief, now he would get to here his lullaby and maybe da..Steve? would come and get him and make all the bad things go away.  Steve would never have agreed to this kind of treatment Dr Gottlieb must be doing this without his knowledge, that had to be it or else Steve was being mind controlled.  Oh God! He needed to get to Steve so that he could warn him and they could escape this madhouse. Once they were away from Dr Gottlieb’s influence Steve’s mind would be free and things would return to how they were before.
“Tony you are caught on my knot and that is where you will stay, keeping my cock warm, now you are going to practice hanging for the first time, there will be occasions when I have knotted you that I am not going to be able to just lay around waiting for my knot to go down.”
“Well that is a question that has two different answers depending on the decision you both make after I have explained the procedure.
What the scientists hadn’t been able to determine until the agonising process to activate the latent gene had been successfully completed, was what breed of wolf he would turn out to be.
Pepper will still have some control over you in matters of Stark Industries and in keeping you in line at board meetings if I am unable to attend with you.
Steve and Winter readily agreed as they were extremely interested in what Hulk would do, neither held any doubts about the Hulk especially since Bruce and the Hulk had learned to co-exist with each other to the extent that Bruce could partially shift various parts of his body when he needed.  Steve and Winter had talked about how much of the Hulk’s cock their omega might be able to take, but only once the pups were born and the surgery completed.  To start with today, they would just let Hulk play with Tony’s udders and asshole and progress from there.
Each of the Avengers moved forward on his order and took their turn fucking their new omega’s mouth, filling him with cum, then as spraying their final load over his face and mating bite.  Once his barbed cock disengaged, he took his turn, fingers tangling in the omega’s hair as he forced his cock down the omega’s throat, the muffled screams ramping up his arousal as he held himself in place.  He waited a full minute before he began to withdraw, knowing his barbs would rip tiny tears across the semi-conscious omega’s tongue startling him back to full consciousness. Ripping off the blindfold he grinned down into dazed pain filled eyes, as his orgasm hit, he offered words of welcome;
It took more effort that he expected to climb out of the cot, his legs felt weak and his balance was off when he tried to quickly walk towards the door.   Just as he reached the door he realised that he was still naked, the towel having fallen off as he clambered out of the cot. He tottered back towards the bathroom as he remembered seeing some folded clothes on top of the linen basket, he could here Steve still taking in the other room as he struggled to get his legs in to the sweat pants only to realise they were huge on him as was the t-shirt.  Giving up on the sweat pants when they kept falling down, he made his way back towards the door, hoping that the stupid nurse had not locked it.
Kneeling between his Alphas he has a full view of Thor’s arrival and his subsequent treatment of Loki.  Poor Loki looked huge, unlike his normal elegant self.  When he caught sight of his ringed and caged cunt he almost broke his pose, only the knowledge of what punishment he would receive if he disobeyed his Alphas in public stopped him.  He wanted to touch and explore, bite and pinch, see if he could make  Loki scream and beg as Loki used to do to him.
“Ma and Pa say that I have to be a good girl and do as l am told and that you are in charge of me. Pa says that you are allowed to tack a switch to my behind if l misbehave.
Steve stills watching his omega waiting for the first hint of panic to hit when he starts to realise he cannot breathe.  Tony even with the arc reactor has gotten better with practise, Steve counts off a minute in his head before he feels Tony start to struggle hands pushing at his thighs, nostrils flaring and spit dripping down his chin.  Steve’s grip on Tony’s hair tightens and he gives a warning shake, his omega stills tears pooling in the corner of his eyes which gaze up him silently pleading for mercy.
Just a filler chapter to get back into writing. Been a busy few months but hopefully I will now  be able to update more often.
He doesn’t like leash training, even though he preens every time he catches sight of his pretty red leather collar with the gold tag that names him as Captain America’s Omega.  His Alpha has promised him matching cuffs if he trains hard and can walk perfectly to heel before they leave, so he tries his best and only stumbles a couple of times.
“That’s it Doll, take every drop, cock sluts need to be kept filled with cock and cum, you are such a greedy bitch!”
“Bring him along for 9 am, make sure that he has been cleaned thoroughly inside and out and his bladder is empty, Hulk won’t appreciate being pissed on during the procedure.”
“Well I suppose that would be one option, but he could probably still stick it in something if he tried hard enough.  Why don’t you dock it down to an inch or so, make it in to a fat juicy clit to match his pussy, he was born to be a breeding bitch no need to keep his cock as he only needs a hole to piss through.”
Pepper didn’t bond with her pups and refused to feed them even when punished, it fell to Natty to pick up the slack.  Bruce had solved the problem by grafting on to her stomach her cloned nipples and milk ducts, through the skin, tight suit she could see her four extra teats. Lying on her back she could feed all six pups if needed.
Glancing down he could see the skin between his groin and cock pulled white, his cock head red and swollen the metal of his piercing shiny with drops of pre cum.  His pussy lips quivered as his juices leaked out to join the river of slick dripping form his asshole down his thighs, if this was his Alpha’s idea of punishment he wanted more.
The President smiled as he passed her another glass, with considerably more in it than the previous one.  It would seem that Betty was not the naïve little country girl that Darcy thought her to be.
If you have read the tags, then you know what kind of story this is going to be, please don't go to the comments and moan about the content.
Once she has given birth then depending on how well she has comported herself I will make a final decision on which option I want done to her useless cock.”
Now I know it is going to be difficult for a few days getting used to using your diaper so we are going to help you.”
Steve couldn’t resist running his fingers over Tony’s wet hole once again, watching his omega try and fail to stay still as he teased the tight ring of muscles in to relaxing and accepting the tips of both fingers. Stilling his fingers, he waited until Tony ceased his squirming and lay pliant, the only sound his quiet pleas.
He has no choice but to swallow Bucky’s cum, gaffing and choking on the super soldier’s massive load.  There was no reprieve,  throughout the night Bucky tormented and fucked him, in the morning he left him bound to the bed, disappearing for hours, as Steve lay sobbing and moaning as his broken body painfully repaired itself.
Steve could feel his mate’s body trembling as he climaxed, warm cum running over his fingers as Tony cried out.
Steve returned to Tony’s hospital room greatly encouraged by his talk with Dr Adams, even though he had already planned to implement all that had been discussed it was always a positive thing to have someone else confirm that he was proceeding along the correct path.
Oh darling, you are perfect, 4ft 7inches and 75lbs, look how tiny you are in comparison to me, this is what I wanted for you.  I remember seeing photos of you when you were about 14 years old, beautiful, and so small compared to your friends, that’s when I knew I had to have you for my own.”
Her business suit hugged her figure, the tightness of the skirt and jacket emphasizing her subtle curves, the buttons of her silk blouse, slightly straining, giving a peek of flesh and lace over her bust. The shorter skirt showed off her long legs incased is sheer silk stockings, black stilettos clicked as she walked just behind Natasha.
He wondered what it would feel like to be fucked by Hulk, if his pussy would stretch wide enough to take such a monster cock.  Steve was exceptional large, but in his dream, Bruce had been bigger so it only stood to reason that Hulk would be enormous.  He had vague memories of Bruce and Steve talking and wondered what that had been about, but he had been to out of it to concentrate.
Glancing round he realised that all the Alphas were intently watching Sira torture Loki’s clit.  He guessed that he really should say something, and that he was probably going to get punished, but fuck it!
“Steve, why the hell would I need a blood transfusion for a broken leg?  Fuck! Where is Pepper she is always here when I end up in medical, there is no way she would let that happen, get those sodding needles out of my arm and untie me, I’m getting the fuck out of here right now! Christ, what the fuck is in my nose?”
Now this is how it is going to be, Steve is going to pierce your sorry excuse for a cock, giving you a Prince Albert piercing with a urethral wand which we can cap.  Now usually you would need a smaller ring to start but with the faster healing factor you now have we are just going to go ahead with this one.  It will heal in weeks rather than months.”
Bucky had him in a pink corset, his nipples peeking through the lace trim, his cock and shrivelled balls framed by white crotch less panties. White stockings, suspenders with pink satin heels.  His hair had been waved and pinned with two white and pink bows.
“Jarvis have her taken to the kennels, Natasha wants her locked up separately for now so that the hounds can get used to her scent.
Steve made the call to Director Fury to inform him of Bucky’s appearance and arranged for them to meet with Fury, Coulson and the Shield Doctors so that Bucky could get his Psyc evaluation clearance to remain at Avengers Tower and start the debrief of his time as the Winter Soldier.
The elevator glided smoothly to a halt, Natasha watched as Clint threw the clothes Peter had been holding on to the floor, then ran his hands over Peters  skimpy knickers, needing his butt cheeks before slipping a hand between the mesh material pulling them down over his hips so his chastity device was on show for her to see. Cupping the caged cock, she gave it a squeeze, feeling the nanotech softening and contracting as she pinched and squeezed enjoying the harsh cries of pain she was causing.
Steve’s cock hardened even more as he looked in to his omega’s gaping hole, his fingers reached forward to press against the cold metal of the speculum blades. The doctor seeing his arousal twisted the key to further spread the blades to the widest setting.
Now I will do the scan before finishing off with his internal examination.  Knowing the number of pups will be a deciding factor in how preparations for  his delivery will proceed.”
“Shhh…. Omega, don’t move, doesn’t my cock feel good as it slides into your dripping hole? such  a good by for your Alpha, you accepted your punishment and even found you centre first time, such a natural, I knew you would be the first moment I saw you.”
“Did I forget to mention that our cum runs hot due to the gamma radiation, usually I withdraw or put a glove on it, but if you want to be treated as my omega you are going to have to get used to a blistered and scarred larynx, after all a real omega would never complain about swallowing their Alpha’s cum.”
Now Tony, I know this is all very frightening and scary for you but there is no turning back from this path we are on, you can work with us to make things easier but if you chose to fight us all the way I want you to know that here at Mountain Rise we do not give up or turn away a difficult patient.  Our success rate is 100% we do not believe in failure and work tirelessly to with family to ensure that the right conditioning therapy is evolved to match their loved one special requirements.
“Captain Rogers, Alpha Winter, it’s a pleasure to meet you both again.  I must say how impressed I am with your dedication to the cause, you have both shown you are staunch advocates for the new ‘Omega Laws.’
Natasha contact your pet Judge, ensure that all the legal paperwork is prepared and ready to be signed, after the legal matters have been settled arrange a fatal accident. Once I have advised Rhodes of Stark’s deception, then I think the Colonel needs to be called back to active duty straight away, perhaps a six-month tour of Afghanistan could be arranged. By the time his tour is complete, then this new Stark will be firmly integrated into his role as our omega.
Steve waited as the body beneath him tremble and shook, suddenly the Omega stilled and went lax against the surface of the desk.
As she spoke, she forced the heavy rings through each hole, uncaring of the pain she was inflicting.  Picking up her scalpel she carved away the thin layer of skin covering Loki’s clitoris, exposing the swollen nub, flicking her finger against it a few times had Loki crying in pain.
Sinking quickly to his knees Bucky pressed his face to Steve’s crotch, mouthing it through the tight material of his uniform, smirking as he felt the hard cock pressing against his cheek.  Taking a risk, he opened the front panel and pulled the cock free, swallowing it down deep in to his throat.  Steve’s surprised gasp soon turned in to moans of pleasure as he deep throated his thick member.
Tony smiled as he watched the weekly meeting of all the children.  He could feel the pups his belly kicking in time to all the excited chatter and laughter.  Over the years the pups were fostered to Asgardian Families to be raised as was the tradition on Asgard, it was all very feudal but it made sense, and they all grew up knowing who their parents were.
The hound was huge, a cross between a British Mastiff and a Great Dane, Pepper struggled futilely as the dog’s big head nudged her face, its tongue licking inside her open mouth, before transferring its attention to her hanging breasts. She shivered as it lapped at her dripping nipples, its tongue rasping across the sensitive teats until she was squirming and panting. Soon the dog found her cunt, shoving his nose in hard to have a sniff and slurp, he took his time to scenting and licking her before he mounted her from behind, jabbing at her pussy hole until his cock finally found its mark and sank right in, setting up a hard rhythmic pace, paying no attention to her screams of pain. Huge paws pressing down on her shoulders, claws digging into her skin as he brutally rutted in her cunt, his balls slapping against her skin.  The dog’s drool dripped over her hair and ran down her face, mixing with her tears.
After peppering his omega’s face with kisses he moved down to his small nipples, whilst continuing to fingers his twitching hole.  The hard little nipples stood erect, tasty little nubs of flesh that he sucked and bit until Tony’s cock was dripping precum over his soft fleshy belly.
Later that evening after Grace and Hope were finally asleep Tony sat on the deck glass in hand watching the last rays of the sun disappear below the horizon.  The glass held more ice that whisky, one glass each evening was his only guilty pleasure and most times he did not even finish it.  It gave him something to hold and focus on when the inevitable painful memories of the past few years reared their ugly heads.
Tony suffered through being dressed and posed like a doll throughout the photoshoot, aware of Steve’s sharp gaze and the promise of being allowed lab time if he behaved.
There had to be a fail safe on the muzzle, he couldn’t imagine that if his ability to breathe was endangered by the muzzle it would not retract.
“Don’t be afraid Tony, we are here to rescue you and take you home.  It’s me Steve and Natasha, we have been searching the multi verse for months with the help of Dr Strange and his magic eye.  We finally found traces of the portal’s signature and tracked it to this world.  It was another one in 14,000 000 chance, but l had to find you and bring you back, the world needs Tony Stark and his genius, there is so much rebuilding and regeneration to be done.  Everyone is relying on you being found so that you can step up and start problem solving and fixing things again.  I know that you want to do the right thing so even if you are not out Tony Stark, wouldn’t you rather be free in our world, than a slave here.”
Now are you going to be Daddy’s good baby boy?  If not, I will have to gag you which will be a shame as Daddy wants to hear all the pretty sounds you make when I pop your boy cherry.”
I would say that he is ready, his cock is permanently hard, and his balls are hanging low with the weight of cum in them, he has no idea how stretched and full they have become.  Another round of abstinence and he will be walking bow legged.  I have already prepared the metal weights to keep his scrotum stretched.”
The final change is hidden by his pregnancy bump and not one he really wants to look at but his ever, helpful Alpha holds a small hand mirror angled so that he can view what remains of his manhood.  His cock had been of average size for an omega and he had never had any complaints from the men and women he had slept with.
He could see the Portal closing, but he was not going to leave without Bruce, he could not lose him as well as Natasha.  With a final burst of speed, he hurtled through the opening as it folded in on itself and disappeared.
“Alpha, l would never run away from you, l belong to you now.  I am a good omega, please don’t leave me with those hounds.”
“Steve, it a semester silly.  I told you that l wouldn’t need more than one, to get to the second level and l was right. Now can we go get food, l am really hungry and want a double bacon cheeseburger with fries and a extra large strawberry milkshake.”
He waited for his knot to go down enough so he could manoeuvre Stevie onto his stomach, pushing him face down and ass up. The plug was large, bit was easy to fit into his gaping hole. The few steaks of cum that dripped out he massaged into Stevie’s healing bite.
Bruce smiles as he watches Pepper quickly glance behind her, just incase Steve appears and hears her bad mouthing him.  It looks as if the injections are working but he needs to give her a dose of the combined serum today, the omega hormones are not enough to keep her mailable to the point she will fully submit and accept Steve and the Pack as superior Alphas.
“Steve I am just going to give Tony a shot to wake him up, Sarah needs to feed, then I would suggest that you pump off the excess milk for night feeds for the night nanny.  I took the liberty of vetting an employing one so that you can have your omega to yourself in the evenings whenever you want, Tony can look after Sarah during the day and still be fresh and ready to pleasure you in the evenings.”
Darcy buried her face in the sheets flushed and ashamed that it only took a few words from him to have her drenched and spreading her legs wide, eagerly waiting to accept his cock.
“God boy, just a few more minutes and my knot will go down and you can just suckle on my cock and keep it warm.  You have pleased my tonight with your behaviour, l think that a reward is due, now you have a choice and l want you to think carefully before you give your answer.
“You can spend the night being fucked by Odin; he has sent for you.  Now get going, hands and knees, leash in your mouth, crawl straight to the Throne Room.”
The interview aired and all anyone was talking about was the beautiful femme omega that Tony had become.  There was some speculation as to whether he has been coerced but on the whole everyone approved of Tony’s bonding and there was much speculation as to how Captain America had tamed the wayward omega.
Steve knew that Tony had to be desperate, he had put the cage on him straight after his heat had finished and hadn’t even anally milked him, the sound was an added torment as he had too beg to be allowed to piss, if it was between his scheduled bathroom breaks.
Steve rutted against Tony’s hole having pulled out the plug, slick allowing him to push the tip just inside as he bent Tony forward, a few hard stroke would be all that was needed to send his boy over the edge.
Wandering back in to his workshop he stopped at the small kitchenette for another bottle of cum shake, the microwave dinged reminding him that it was time yet again for the dreaded omega mush, still at least Steve was not here to see him drenching it in maple syrup from his hidden stash.  JARVIS had been turning a blind eye to it as it meant his charge was eating without too much prompting.
He grinned against Tony’s neck sucking up deep red marks across his shoulders as one hand massaged his omega’s stomach and the other started to fondle his whimpering and whining omega’s poor neglected cock, not that it would bring him any pleasure as it was still firmly confined in its heavy metal cage, Tony would have to earn its release.
By the end of the evening she was once a gain coated in cum, naked apart from her heels, her thong having been shoved in her cunt by Natasha, to supposedly stop her dripping her pussy juice all over the floor.  As if she didn’t know that it was just another ploy to humiliate her and make her feel less of a alpha and more like a powerless omega.  She had managed to control her mouth and temper somewhat, but Steve informed her that she had earned two further strikes, and that Natasha would decide what was a suitable punishment for each one.
Sira admired Banner, he shared her belief that omegas were inferior creatures, whose only uses were for fucking, and breeding.  His recent discoveries in omega testing and presentation were fascinating and she was planning to ask him to adapt his finding to other races, especially Jotun and Aesir.
Tony blushes under the intense gaze of his Alpha, he can feel his sex clenching and his plugged hole fluttering as a trickle of slick escapes. He knows that Steve can smell his burgeoning arousal and huffs when Steve just smiles and leads him to the elevator.
Dr Chu had concluded that the further reduction in height and age was due to the extra time spent in the Cradle due to the Avengers having been called out and the medical wing locked down so that she had not been able to get to the Cradle and Jarvis could not over-ride Captain America’s command to keep Tony isolated and protected from anyone trying to enter the medical wing or tamper with the Cradle whilst they were on a mission.
Steve played with Tony’s little cock for a few minutes, enjoying the soft mewls and jerking hips as he fondled his balls and rubbed the stubby cocklet until Tony whined loudly as he came, collapsing against Steve’s chest.
Steve guided his cock into Tony’s weeping pussy, the tight cunt fighting against the massive intrusion, Bucky pushed into the exposed asshole slick and cum making it easy to gain entrance.
Stepping back he began to lay strokes down from Tony’s shoulders to his knees never hitting the same place twice, soon Tony’s skin was dark red and welted. Tony cried and screamed pleading for forgiveness.
Tony wailed as Steve tortured another orgasm out of him, tears streamed down his face as his dry cunt throbbed, the raw skin of his clit burning under his Alpha’s thumb.  His hole clenched on Steve’s knot his stressed muscles weakly milking another load of cum.
He rubs against the swollen sheath of skin, hiding their omega’s cock, the constant friction has the skin retracting and a tiny cock pops out, no more than a inch and a half in length, the flushed head leaking tiny drops of clear cum.
Just think how horribly uncomfortable spending another ten hours with an over full bladder is going to be, also it would be remiss of me as your Alpha to not ensure that you are hydrated throughout today so the added pressure is going to cause you a lot of pain and discomfort.”
The Captain smiled as he watched a reluctant Pepper walk towards the two directors, he could see the intense look on their faces as she neared them, they were going to wreck her and then hand her back, it would be the final lesson in Pepper’s transformation, the utter humiliation of being treated as an omega would instill in her the need to conform to her new position unless she wanted to ended up as one of Banner’s experiments at his clinic.
Steve took a long hot shower whilst Potts was being removed and the maid came in to remake the bed and tidy room.  His cock was still hard even though his knot had gone down. Naked he strode into the nursery and picked up his baby boy, carrying him back to his bed, soon he had them settled, Tony cradled against his chest with his cock warming in his baby boy’s tight warm hole.
The Alpha’s words finally penetrated his fuzzy mind, he felt sick as it suddenly dawned on him that the bearded Alpha fucking his asshole was probably his world’s Steve, which meant the bitch was Natasha. The must be wearing the masks that he had been developing, Bruce must have finished his work. He screamed Steve’s name as loud as he could around the gag, but with his face squashed into the mattress he knew it was futile.  He wondered why Steve still  had the mask on, perhaps they were worried they may not work again once removed, he needed to convince Steve to free his hands and give him a pen and paper so that he could communicate, he needed to let Steve know who he was as Steve was going to be distraught that he had taken him against his will, even if his body was willing and responding to the Alpha.
Tony begins to wish he had engaged his brain to mouth filter when the hard angry stares of his Alphas land on him seconds after the words leave his mouth.
Miss Potts as your medical proxy and interim guardian gave permission for all subsequent medical treatment to rectify the damage caused by such blatant abuse.  Once your shoulder and leg had been treated, we operated to remove the by-pass and repair the surrounding scar tissue, we then gave you a full transfusion and dialysis to flush the drugs from your system.  You will have a further round of dialysis this afternoon, once this has been completed I will administer a fast releasing dose of omega hormones and pheromones to help kick start your omega glands to naturally produce their own.  This will also help flush out any remaining toxins, so over the next few days you will see some physical changes in your body as it readjusts back to its natural omeganess.
Tony froze at the thought he could end up being taken away and forced to bond with another Alpha.  He thought of all that he had endured with Him, and then how Steve treated him now and realised that Steve might be old fashioned and traditional in his view of how an omega should be treated and behave, but he was free in away that he had never been the Captain.
As Loki stepped forward, he felt a slight tug on clasp of his shift, the red chiffon floated to the floor at his feet, leaving him fully naked for all to see.
Steve was pleased with Pepper’s more androgynous appearance, even though he knew that she hated it. Natasha would never allow anyone to challenge her beauty and femininity, thus the outward erosion of all things that showed Pepper as female.  He could appreciate female curves and beauty and if it served a purpose would bed, a bitch, but he preferred his bed mates to be boys with a hint of femininity.  Tony had been the perfect combination and he would get him back even if he had to destroy the other world in the process.
Tony tries to turn his head away from Steve’s intense stare, to hide the flush of arousal his words are causing but Steve grips his face between his hands.
Tony shivered at Steve’s harsh words but couldn’t help being excited by the firm strokes to his cock as well.  He knew, he probably would not get to come but at least this was better that being fucked whilst wearing a diaper.  Maybe if he agreed to this then he could negotiate more things in the future, anything as long as he wasn’t in that horrible fuzzy baby headspace where he had no control at all.
You can choose to have your nipples primed to lactate when sucked and your pathetic little cock smoothed so that you don’t have to ever worry about the embarrassment of pissing yourself again during sex, or you can have your ears, tongue, cunt, cock and nipples pierced along with a few other piercings that I have not quite made my mind up about yet.
Steve gave Tony a few minutes to compose himself, pretending not to notice the tears that he was surreptitiously trying to wipe away, he wished he could postpone this talk until tomorrow to give Tony the time to assimilate all the information that he had been given by the doctors and Ms Potts. Unfortunately, time was short and Ms Potts wanted Tony safely bonded within the Pack before her guardianship ran out, knowing Tony as she did, she had advised Steve to lay out clearly what the role of Avengers Pack Omega entailed, the restrictions placed on such an omega, the rules he would have to abide by and what chastisements would be meted out for any misbehaviour that warranted one.  Her advice was to be strict but fair, give clear boundaries and accept no nonsense, or he would find that Tony would find any way to wriggle out of his responsibilities and high tail it down to his work shop.  She has also told him to approach the subject of courting and mating straight away, to make it clear to Tony it was not just out of a sense of duty as pack Alpha but because he cared for the omega.
“Good, put him to work, we have a few new milk bitches, Prince Thor made a covert visit to Midgard a few days ago to claim a seasoned milk cow and a few new candidates he had his eyes on.
Pepper hated that she didn’t even contemplate not doing what Steve wanted, her cock was already hard after so long being denied the ability to fuck something.
It had been two months since he had been branded, stripped of all body hair, and had his long hair cropped short and suffered the indignity of being given an enema. It was nothing compared to the torture he had received at the hands of Hydra when they had first captured him, but it was the care with which it was done and their subsequent handling of him that was throwing him off balance. Even when he lashed out, kicking, and shouting then rarely punished him, they talked to him, explaining why they were doing these things, how they were turning him in to a worthwhile, productive stud, rather than throwing him into the fighting pit, to be killed, after all a one armed, semi enhanced human was no match for the beasts that ruled the Pits.
Winter inhaled the heady scent of Tony’s heat, his cock thickened as the Wolf growled deep in his throat, ready to take his mate.  Taking a deep breath he stilled and allowed the Winter Wolf to emerge.
You do not have a valid driving license due being under my conservatorship and being declared incompetent.  But I know how much you love cars so when you have earned enough ‘good behaviour’ reward points we can go out to the Compound and you will be allowed to drive on the private roads.
“Do you believe that this new third injection will make a difference, I do not want Tony to be put through anymore pain if you can not guarantee it will be effective in reducing his height further, why was this concentrated formula not given in the first place?”
Resting his hand over his omega’s belly he could feel how his cum had passed through the breeding hole pushing up hopefully the fertilized eggs and cum into the soft belly of his breeding pouch. The softened pouch of skin was starting to bulge with his cum, he could see the outline of his cock huge against his omega’s smaller frame and could feel his captured cockhead and knot being milked of every last drop of life giving cum.
Bruce changed his plans and hot footed it up to the Penthouse, it seemed that Steve needed some reassurance.
Steve held his struggling omega until all the fight left him, until he hung limp in his arms the weight of his body resting against Steve’s. Liquid brown eyes gazed back at him through the mirror for mere seconds before being lowered in submission, neck stretching to the side mating mark offered up to his Alpha.
“Ms Romanov it is such a pleasure to see you again, and who is this beautiful specimen that you bought with you today?”
“Captain l would never break the trust you have shown me, l am indebted to you and to the Professor for getting rid of the hulk and finding my omega.  The opportunities to study and experiment are endless in this world, the lack of restrictions means scientific and medical breakthroughs can be implemented without years of trials and idiot panels of interfering busybodies claiming it is not ethical.
Steve checked out their Social Media Accounts once Tony had fallen asleep.  He snapped a picture of Tony’s discarded dress and shoes and posted it on his Instagram account, ‘Sweetheart looked beautiful tonight, every little twink should have pretty red dress.’
“No omega, leave them, there is no need to be shy.  We have talked about this and the time is right, you are beautiful in just your skin and our pack deserves to see all of their omega.
Tony’s cunt clenched round her fingers as his orgasm rolled through him.  It had been days since his last one and the sudden rush of pleasure through his body released a burst of omega pheromones that soaked the room.
“Good afternoon Alpha Rogers, shall we begin with Omega Stark Rogers scan then I can do all the other checks afterwards.”
Once he is stabilised I want you to get as much feed in to him as possible to build up his strength, there are plenty of shakes in the kitchenette and once we know labour has been halted if you can fuck him anally to get some natural cum in to him that would be ideal as well.  A lot of Alphas are not comfortable with this so I will understand if you do not want to.”
“Holly fuck! Look at the size of that, must be at 11 to 12 inches long and at least 5 inches thick!”
He checked that everything was on the floating pallet ready to be pushed through the portal, the Iron legionaries had done a perfect job crating up the omegas.
Stevie is right, natural birth was good enough for my Ma and his so this pampered spoilt little omega bitch can just learn to deal with it.”
Fucking hell! I am in so much trouble he completely believes in the bull shit he is spouting and even worse my stupid omega hormones are leaping up in down in agreement, bloody omega biology is the worst should have kept on experimenting with bond suppressors when I had the chance! He thought.
“Right, I will start with the pups, the identical twins are the larger of the three but are a little underweight for their physical measurements and as expected the third pups is struggling to gain nutrients and will be considerably smaller and weigh less at birth.  To mitigate this your omega needs start on a high intensity feeding plan so that the pups can get the full nutrients they need and your omega can put some flesh on his bones.  You have tried your best with the feeding plan already in place but I suspect that these pups have a higher amount of the serum in them than we originally thought.
“Sweet little Petey what are we going to do with you hmmmm?  Oh I know, Hulk is going to fuck your tight omega boy cunt and then I am going to cane your breasts, and maybe if you are a good sissy I will allow you to suck my dick.”
Tony fed and changed Sarah, he held her close as she slept against his chest, she seemed content with her world and he hoped that she would continue to be easy to care for, he hoped that given time he would come to love her and be able to move past how she had come to be.
Drumming his feet against the legs of the high chair, his cries became louder in between his daddy calmly spooning porridge in to his mouth, a firm finger under his chin keeping his mouth closed until he swallowed.
Now if you will excuse me, I am going to ensure that everything is prepared in readiness for the surgery.”
Steve picked Tony out of the car and placed him in the waiting wheelchair, making sure he was firmly bundled up in his jacket and blanket, he frowned when he noticed Tony did not have his mitts on.  He would need to have a word with Bruce to see if there was a problem with his omega’s skin sensitivity, or the dexterity of his fingers from being semi immobile for long periods of time, it was on that thought that he realised Bruce was not with the two other Avengers.
Thor nodded to Steve before hauling Tony on to his lap to straddle his cock, holding him still he pushed the tip of his cock into Tony’s tight cunt, the omega cried out at the intrusion frantically seeking his Alpha.  Thor took no notice of the omega’s distress, gripping Tony’s waist he thrust up whilst pushing him down onto his cock.  Tony screamed as the thick length penetrated his tight cunt stretching it wide open, Thor continued to thrust up holding Tony down on his cock with one hand as the other gathered up his slick to lick and suck off his fingers.  Tears streamed down Tony’s face as Thor’s cock ravaged his insides.
Steve reacted without thinking, he gathered Tony into his arms, kissing away the tears falling down his cheeks, he caressed the omega’s shaking limbs, rubbing his scent onto his pulse points to calm the distressed omega.  He lay down on the bed, keeping Tony covered with the whole of his body as the little omega raged and cried, screamed and wailed against the world.  He gave him time to tire himself out before he gently began to kiss his swollen lips and tear stained face.  His fingers traced across the calming bundle of nerves on the back of Tony’s neck, exerting the tiniest bit of pressure, just enough for the tension to drop from trembling limbs.
You will do it as Pepper Potts-Hogan and then ‘Sex Doll’ is going to star in a private film just for my viewing pleasure and that of the Avengers.”
“I want her, I am going to train the bitch, to be the perfect pet.  I want a some modifications done first though.
This was not how he wanted the morning to start, Tony obviously was still fighting his new status, which would not do at all.  It would seem that Dr Gottlieb was correct in that his boy would need a series of sessions in the conditioning therapy room.  His stubborn husband always had to do things the hard way.
Once Bruce had left with an angry Pepper, he hauled his cock warmer up onto his lap and sheathed himself in the startled omega’s cunt.
Furious she turned her back on the two Alphas as she made her way into the ensuite.  Stripping off her ruined clothes she stepped into the shower, allowing the hot water to wash away all the filth covering her skin and hair.  It pissed her off that all her beauty products had been replaced, the unscented shampoo and shower gel so typical of male alphas, once dried she realised there was nothing but a thin silk bathrobe for her to wear.
Steve wasted no time shoving his cock back down his omega’s throat hips snapping back and forth each thrust deeper than the last, loving the mewling and whimpering sounds his omega made as he chocked on his cock.
“Cow is ready to drop, couple of weeks early not that’s fine, the intake scan showed that the calves were large and already fully developed.
Tony could feel the burn of his heat rushing through his body, his holes weeping slick, his throbbing nipples jutting out from his melon size breasts. Need, Want, Fuck, Cum, Pups the only thoughts running through his mind as he catches sight of his Alphas cocks.
“ Happy, he is going to be sore and in pain for a few days, l have given him an injection that will accelerate healing, but you need to put this salve on the wound three times a day to ensure there is no scaring.  His cock will be soft and two inches in length once he has healed, he will only be able to orgasm from his cunt or back pussy.
Tony giggled as he sat on the floor singing softly, he was vaguely aware that there was something else he should be doing but he was tired and hungry, and it was such a funny song, he wondered if his daddy would read the book to him at bed-time. But he guessed that as he had been a naughty boy it wouldn’t happen, still if he said sorry and promised to be a good baby boy daddy would make everything better.
Pepper waited for the door to close behind the doctor before she addressed the remaining occupants of the room.
After eating the mush, he gulped down the cum shake shuddering at the taste, it was a poor substitute for the real thing. Dam it!  now that he had thought about it he could feel the craving starting to rise his breasts aching, nipples hard and weren’t they a thing he never thought he would be admitting to having.
Cupping his cum heavy balls, he gave them a squeeze rolling them between his fingers.  The image of Tony spread out on their bed balless and stubby little cocklet hanging limp and useless soon had pearls of pre-cum leaking from his bulbous purple cock head.
"JARVIS start the beads vibrating on a medium setting and when it looks like my disobedient, foul mouthed and incredibly stupid omega is about to orgasm turn them down low. Keep my disobedient little omega on edge until I return from sparring with Winter, perhaps he will learn his lesson this time.”
“I am sorry my Alpha I will be good, please do not give up on me.  Thank you for my punishment for correcting my mistakes.  I submit to your rule as my Alpha.”
Pepper finally took in the faces at the conference table, she recognised the four members who were loyal ‘yes men’, the two Natasha was supposed to be investigating were also present, though neither looked particularly happy.  Finally, she took in the other familiar faces, why the hell were the Avengers Pack leaders sitting amongst the Board.
Omegas in this society are treasured and loved, yes they have to belong to a pack and be mated by the age of 18, this chapter will give the reason why.
Steve guided his omega’s hands into the thick leather bondage mitts ensuring his fingers were straight the soft furred lining would keep them warm and provide padding whilst crawling, he could also curl the fingers of each hands if he wanted so that Tony would have to balance on his knuckles.  He tightened and buckled the heavy cuffs clipping them together and attaching them to the headboard by a chain above and behind his omega’s head.
“Pepper, when the babies come, will I have to stop nursing? it will be sad if l have to.  Daddy and Sir like my soft tummy when it is filled with your milk.”
Pepper had been allowed one day to recover before she was back working as Natasha’s assistant.  It was glaringly obvious when the film was released, Pepper was subjected to so much abuse, crucified by Women’s groups for setting back their cause for equality and strong females in high powered positions.
The powder blue satin drawers hugged his behind, the lace panel at the front highlighting his soft belly, giving a brief glimpse of his caged cock, the loose lace trimmed edges skimmed his thighs.  He couldn’t help but stroke the soft fabric as Steve settled them in place, he was further surprised when Steve slipped his arms into a loose camisole top, nimble fingers making quick work of the row of pearl buttons matching those on his drawers.
“Bruce, I have some concerns about Dr Cho, and whether as a beta she can be trusted to keep confidential what has happened as she has no personal ties to us, do you believe that we can trust her?”
Back arched and neck stretched Tony screams his release, his meagre spurt of cum splashing across the arc reactor.
“You cannot do that!  What the hell are you thinking Steve?  Natasha doesn’t know the first thing about running a company, neither do you.  If you think the board will allow you to buy their remaining shares that just proves how naïve you both are about business.
Steve dipped two fingers into his omega’s hole pushing back in the dripping cum and slick, Tony whined at the intrusion eyes fluttering open as a third and fourth finger thrust in with little prep or thought of comfort. Steve’s fingers continued their assault on his ass stretching his aching hole wider delving deep into his channel, slick easing the way.
“Eww, gross Clint! Give me a proper piece or else your next batch of exploding arrows will be full of glitter.”
Looking down he could see his cock flush against his stomach, a thick metal ring round the base, the sight of his balls hanging close to the floor, turned his stomach, they were the huge, each one at least the size of his fist, the stretched skin ringed with small medal weights.
Steve had praised him for being a ‘good girl’ for entertaining the Grahams and had said he could have extra lab time as a reward.  He wasn’t sure about the dress and being called a girl, but it made him feel all warm and tingly when Steve smiled and kissed him gently, calling him beautiful.
Pulling out the small butt plug that was already in place, he ran the much larger replacement along her swollen sex, coating it in her juices. He slowly worked the head of the plug past the tight ring of muscles, at its widest point he pressed down hard, the muscles resisting the stretch of the 8inch circumference.
Steve gently clasped Tony’s one free hand, his larger hand engulfing the small thin appendage, worryingly he could feel the delicate bones through the thin skin.  Tony was staring at him, eyes wide, a puzzled and somewhat annoyed looked on his face.
Steve could not help smiling at the sight of Tony throwing a tantrum complete with foot stamping and screaming. His poor baby looked anything but threatening in just his diaper and padded mittens, his pale cheeks flushed pink, arms windmilling as he loudly protested his frustration and ire at the awful treatment being inflicted on him.  The smile dropped off his face the minute Tony mentioned alcohol, this was no longer funny he was not going to allow his baby to slip back into his bad habits.
Hours passed as they watched first the operation to remove the bone segments from his legs, then the major work of cracking open his chest to remove the arc reactor and place his damaged heart on the by-pass machine.  The followed the delicate work of removing each tiny piece of shrapnel, once this was accomplished the harvested bones, marrow and nerves had been used to replace the damaged parts of his sternum and the strings of marrow and nerves woven to join each damaged part.  They all held their breath as the by-pass machine was switched off and they waited for his heart to beat on its own.  The load beep of the heart-rate monitor startled them in the quiet of the viewing chamber.
BB made her entrance with Darcy soon after, her cunt clenching at the sight of Captain America, she made sure to smile at him as she led Darcy over to the second breeding bench.  Once she had strapped her in she went to stand beside the President.
The pups go to the crèche, some of the omegas we keep, the betas and most of the alphas are sold to adoption agencies. At any given time, we have at least half of the milk cows pregnant and twenty plus pups.
Also, I have been quietly buying up all shares that have been sold since the announcement that Tony is an omega. Three of the board members have taken early retirement in exchange for SI buying back their shares at premium rate along with a healthy retirement package.
“Now I will perform an ultrasound so that we can confirm that Tony’s reproductive organs have matured, ready for mating and pregnancy.”
“Sira, I want the whore’s clit pierced, is there any way to enlarge her pathetic nub now and the begin stretching it.  I want to show off her fat nub tonight at the Gala, she needs to look the epitome of a Jotun Breeder Whore.
Tony muffled scream could be heard by both of his Alphas as they knotted him mouth and asshole, Steve loved how wanton and needy his omega sounded as his knot swelled, filling Tony’s mouth, his cock unloading thick fast streams of cum straight down his throat.  Winter smirked at him as he grabbed their omega’s hips, slamming his own knot past the swollen puffy rim of Tony’s asshole, knot pumping his own cum, coating the omega’s clenching passage, the force of his thrust pushing Steve’s cock further down the omega’s throat.
“Pepper take off your shirt and pants, then lay down on the grass by that tree, it shady here and the coolness of the earth should help.  I am going to get my medical bag and take your temperature, I have called Steve and he is on his way, luckily he was out on a run so he should be her in a few minutes.”
“Pepper, you can go in with Natty the hounds wouldn’t mind your scent on her or the pups as you are part of their pack now.
“My consort needs to be able to understand and converse with me in private, to watch and listen in public for those that seek to undermine and plot against Asgard.
Our laws are harsh, and the punishments are tailored to fit the crime, just as Natty is being punished for coming to this world and kidnapping my omega.  Rest assured that your Steve and the remaining Avengers will be punished accordingly when l get my omega back.
“I’m s…so sorry Alpha, p..please I didn’t mean to hurt Aunt May, I thought I was doing the right thing, I can s..see n..now that I was wrong, please I want to be a good omega for you, p..please let me stay.”
His feet were bare Steve had been displeased by Tony’s lack of proper omega clothes, sandals and jewellery, he was busily pacing by the elevator awaiting delivery of said items.
A wave of pheromones released from his scent glands mixed with his Alpha’s, clever fingers had him squirming and humping his Alpha’s leg trying get some friction on his caged cock.  Lost in a haze of lust he failed to notice until it was too late that Steve’s cock was once again engorged and his knot pressing against the roof of his mouth.
Steve smirked as he helped the trembling alpha into the bathroom, stripping her down and pushing her into the shower.
“Steve lets go get the legalities sorted out, then we can come back and sit down and discuss your moral dilemma.”
Days later he screwed the last plate in place and fitted her permanent spider gag.  Feeding the second thin tube down her throat he uses the camera to ensure that he burns through her vocal cords without damaging their rest of her throat, the stretch of burnt flesh makes him palm his cock as Pepper screamed without making any sound.
Tony loved the nursery and when not in his workshop could be found either in one of the rocking chairs or resting amongst the cushions on the bed, Bucky was the one to point out to Steve that their omega was starting to nest in preparation for the birth, his mother having been a midwife he recognised the signs.
Tony do you agree to become my Traditional Omega, do you accept that as your Alpha I have complete authority to do whatever I deem necessary to ensure that you fulfil your potential as a Traditional Omega.”
Tony goes to work in his new lab, needless to say there have been a few changes it take into account his omega status.
I stupidly thought that l would find an opportunity to escape, that they would let their guard down if l willingly complied, but not once did He ever leave me unbound or allow me near any technology.  Then there was a weird trial where they passed me off as their world’s Tony Stark who had passed himself off as an Alpha for most of his life and then had been discovered to be an omega after a serious injury.
“Widow, Hawkeye would you bring the prisoner over to the branding chair, ensure that you strap him down and place his hands fully in the gel filled receptacles.”
Captain America thrust in and out of Omega Stark’s ass the tight wet heat of the channel gripping his cock was a feeling he would never tire of.  His orgasm built with each thrust, slick ran from the tight hole, dripping down thighs spread wide coating the desk beneath.  He would get Omega Stark to lick it clean after he had finished, it would be another lesson in humility and obedience.
Closing his eyes, he just lets himself be still, allowing his Alphas to take care of him. The orgasms he has been gifted are a sign that he has pleased and satisfied his Alphas needs.  His heat has burned out and he knows that he has been successfully bred once again, Steve and Winter will have smelled the change in his scent already.  The omega in him preens at the knowledge that he is fulfilling his role as a bonded omega mate, but each pregnancy takes him further away from Iron Man and being an Avenger, he cannot help the creeping feelings of resentment and anger that his life has been irrevocably changed without him having any say in the matter.
“The Omega Registration Law places omegas back under the control and care of the Government and Alphas, ensures that all omegas will have to follow the regulations set out for them, be given the proper care and guidance needed for them to fulfil their purpose in modern society, no longer will they be allowed to upset the natural order.”
3.	 Supplication first position – Tony pressed his forehead to the floor, arms stretched out in front, hands side by side.
Steve had instigated daily body affirmation they would both stand naked in front of the full mirror in their bedroom and talk about the negative and positive aspect the saw in their bodies.  Steve would then give Tony a full body massage, giving constant praise to each part of his body, fingers gliding over the swell of his stomach and the soft hint of his breasts.  He guided Tony in massaging his body, teaching him all the techniques he knew, some of Tony’s favourite memories were the low moans he could get from his Alpha when he dug a finger into a particularly tight spot, relieving the tension in the tight muscles.
“Please Alpha, please, please I need your cum, can’t wait any longer.  Such a big strong Alpha for me, so, so good to me when I am such a weak and foolish omega.”
You will remain knotted to me until every last guest has departed, when I stand to bid goodbye to my guests you will hang off my knot and if you even make one move to get up from your knees I will cane the soles of your feet until they bleed!”
Each appearance of the first omega with the President was scrutinized, the night he paddled her naked backside for speaking to a guest at a State dinner without his permission and then had her kneel under the table warning his cock for the rest of the evening, seemed to be the signal for the American public to accept and embrace the new lawful ways of treating omegas.
Tony couldn’t focus, his body was shivering with the anticipation of being fucked by his Alpha, even his cock was once again twitching and plumping up under the now gentle caresses of those large fingers.  He knew that there was something not quite right about this situation, but his thoughts were muddled and slow and each time he tried to clear his head another orgasm would wash through him and he would be thoroughly distracted.
The Judge visits to make a final decision on the Conservatorship and has his private session with Tony.
Jarvis had informed him that his omega was healing and his energy levels were increasing steadily so that with a few more hours of rest and feeding his body would be useable again, apart from his cunt which would need another twenty four hours to be healed enough to take an Alpha cock. Even then the healing flesh would be incredibly sensitive to any kind of touch or stimulation.
Bruce took his time examining her whole body for bruising and other marks, noting each one down, and taking photos much to Pepper’s annoyance.  He deliberately manipulated her breasts and nipples until she was panting, her legs trembling as he examined her sex and rubbing her clitoris until she mewled and squirted over his fingers.
I am going to remove your gag so that you can communicate with JARVIS.  Do not disappoint me my omega, l will return in two hours for a progress report.”
Tony was glad that Jarvis has dimmed the lights when he returned to the lounge. Although he had gotten used to being naked around Steve it was a big adjustment to be naked in front of the rest of the pack.  They were all attractive and physically fit, so he felt a bit self- conscious showing off all his soft rolls and curves of flesh.
Dropping to his knees Bucky stuck two metal fingers in to the still small cunt hole twisting and turning them as the omega’s greedy pussy sucked them in. Fondling the still bound cock he grinned up at Steve;
Pinning Tony to the bed with one hand the other cupped his omega’s cock and balls. He smiled at feeling the tiny cock and the nearly non-existent balls twitch and try to harden, knowing it was futile.
Tony screamed, his breasts on fire as the blood flowed back in, a million sparks of heat as the feeling returned to his now unbound breasts.  Mortifyingly his asshole and pussy clenched before slick gushed out his ass and pussy juice squirted from his cunt as his climax shook his whole body, he could not even remember Steve removing his plugs.  Trembling through the aftershocks it took him awhile to realise that both Alphas were suckling at his breasts their hands not cupping his breasts clasped together over his stomach.
All that was needed was a gentle press on a slim shoulder and Tony was sinking back down, slick running in rivulets down their arms, easing the way for hard thick muscular arms to be swallowed up in the dark heat of their omega’s gaping holes. Blissed out he only managed to rise and fall on their fists a few times before his body exploded into a million burning pieces at the intensity of his orgasm.
“Good afternoon Sirs, I will first inject the micro-chip and apply any brand or tattoo of ownership you require.  Then Sir Thomas you can advise me on what cosmetic changes you would like first for your, omega.”
“No Tony, it cannot be undone now.  The magic has settled, and that burning sensation is your cock and balls shrinking.”
Bruce left May Cow to the tender mercy of the Asgardian Milking Barn, he was eager to meet with the healers and discuss Loki and Peter’s modifications.
He held his breath until he felt Steve relax and start thrusting into Tony again.  This was just what he wanted,  it  seems it would take less time that he thought before he would be able to fuck Steve.  The Alpha was not as high a dominant as the Captain it would seem, maybe he could speed the process with a injection or two. He knew the formulas, it was just a case of seeing if this world had the advanced equipment and medical facilities that he would need, not to mention a few test subjects, he really missed his clinic and the freedom to do exactly what he wanted.
“Tony baby, look at daddy this is very important, I need to see that you understand what I am saying, come on show me your beautiful brown eyes, that’s it such a good boy.  Now I am going to remove your paci for a moment so that you can speak.  You need to promise me that you will follow the rules I have set out so far and that if you do not follow them you will accept any discipline I feel is necessary, now think about it for a moment before you say anything.”
Well good luck on the baby part Tony thought. He knew the chances of conceiving were minimal at his age let alone with all the trauma his body had gone through over the years, a small part of him was sad at this thought.
Pepper didn't get to be CEO by being a sweet caring Alpha, she is a cold headed, manipulative bitch, who expects total submission from her omegas.
Tony’s hand shook as he signed, tears splashed down smudging the ink, and even so the signature was still legible and legal in the eyes of the law.  Pepper s document as well.
Fingers held tight he started to thrust up into the wet heat moving his fingers trying to find the omega’s nub, a low moan from the omega had him rubbing hard on the raised nub quickly bringing him to the edge before slowing to gentle taps.  Winter spent some time tormenting the omega enjoying the pretty sounds of distress and arousal emitting from those plump lips.
“ S..stop it that’s mine, you cannot do this I am not Aesir, I am human, a visitor. Captain Rogers and Alpha Winter will be extremely angry with you, Thor will be as well.”
Natasha, Steve and Pepper turned to look at each other, the same thought running through their minds, it was why Steve had chosen Widow as his Second in Command, she nearly always anticipated exactly what he wanted done and knew what he was thinking even before he could form the words.
“Clint, pleeeeese, I am so,oooo hungry, my poor tummy is grumbling, I can’t eat my last pancake without a topping.  I need to finish all my breakfast Steve won’t be happy I have left my food and then I will get time-out or even a spanking.”
He punctuated each word by ramming his fist into her cunt, the force moving her whole body.  When he was sure that she was going to comply, he went back to biting and twisting her nipples until she was howling, her whole-body convulsing as she orgasmed, thick creamy liquid coated Hulk’s hand as he pulled out of her. Her empty cunt gaped open, and the Pack could see her cream squirting out with each pulse of her pussy.
Tony wanted to rage and scream at the events unfolding within and outside of his gilded cage, tears of frustration spilled as his mind battled between the urge to rise and fight against his Alphas, whilst his body hummed with arousal and pleasure at the pain and humiliation being inflicted on it.  Highlighted on the mirror were two photos, the first one showing him addressing the board of Stark Industries exuding power and confidence in a beautifully tailored suit with styled hair and immaculate goatee, looking every inch the image of an Alpha.
It seemed that this world fully embraced the dynamics of orientation and was thriving, there had been no Ultron or Civil War, Thanos had been defeated easily, because they worked as a team, with no secrets or internal power struggles. It was ironic that his own world was just now realising the need to adapt and embrace a much more structured society in order to survive and rebuild after the devastation caused by Thanos.
After grabbing a few items that he would need from his room Bruce made his way back to the monitoring room, he could feel Hulk stirring in the back of his mind, curious as to why he was being allowed out to play with the fragile human female.  The doctor was so engrossed that she didn’t even realise Bruce had returned until his hands were tightening the leather cord he had slipped round her neck, startling a shocked gasp from her. Raising her hands, she tried to grasp hold of the twisted leather cord, but an enlarged green hand batted them away, bringing tears to her eyes with the force of the slap. Forced from the chair to her knees on the floor she choked as large fingers found pulled her mouth open, pressing a hard rubber ring gag behind her teeth.
Hmm, there is nothing really that I cannot just take from you after all I own you and everything that you possess so really you have nothing to bargain with.
Pepper paled and took a step back, what the hell was Steve playing at.  There was no way that she would willingly allow herself to be fucked like a whore in front of the Board.
Go spend some time with your boy, get a feel for where he is at and what you want for him going forward.  It would be ideal for his treatment that you have a positive mind set and have decided what previous behaviors he has retained you want to reinforce and any new ones that will satisfy your desires and requirements.
“The omega injections this morning will begin to inhibit her alpha neurotransmitters and provide a pathway for the combined antidote.  It remains to be decided what level of antidote to give her, the results show that 20/80 ratio should remove the virus completely and leave her near her previous alpha baseline taking into account her new beta alpha position.”
“Aye father, I want Loki to be decidedly feminine in both his forms, so I am having his cock permanently removed in both his Jotun and Asir forms.
Winter grinned at Steve, they had moved Tony to the bed once they had both worked their fists out, both were rock hard and in need of release.
“Don’t fret May Cow, you will soon both be fulfilling your new purpose in life, you should be thankful that this is your punishment and that you both have not been sent to an Omega Registry Correctional Breeding & Milking Facility to serve out your sentences. The pair of you would have received much harsher treatment than what will happen here in the service of the Avengers Pack.
