“Hey Buddy,” Steve chuckles and when the child signals for up he complies, lifting the boy effortlessly into his arms. Jaime promptly buries his face against his father’s neck and mumbles.
“You are a warrior without equal Nakia and you have my respect,” Thor said, slowly and carefully like a diplomat. Nakia’s dark eyes met his, waiting and the Prince of Asgard stretched his lips into a tight smile. “But please, as my Midgardian friends say, shut your trap.”
The tom didn’t rely solely on the dagger, mainly using it to block the elctro-shocks from Natasha’s bites, the bolts of energy crackling and sparking brilliant white light as they met the energy field of the dagger.
"I might be feral but I still come from a long line of genetically fucked up kats who can't properly bond. I can feel you guys in my head sure, but there's a barrier. I mean we all feel it right? I might not be cable of taking it down. Can we just stop pretending like that isn't real? Because it is and it's likely."
Also be warned. Herin there be Winterwiddow, Stony & Stucky and massive amounts of foreshadowing because everybody's shit is about to get fucked up. ;)
In which it's spring and Tony is a busy kitten. The world still sucks. The winter soldier is still at large and Tony's soulmate might be a twenty-year-old MIT student who goes by Princess.
“Does Schulz have family, someone who would know if he signed up for any test trials, any risky new procedures?” Rhodey asked.
JARVIS had woken him the minute the facility had been breached, and even though Bruce had wanted him to wait for the rest of the team Tony had suited up and pushed the suit faster than was wise to reach the facility in a record amount of time. The others would catch up or they wouldn’t, but Tony couldn’t waste precious minutes waiting.
Fury never outright told him to sleep with Stark or take him through heat but Clint wasn't raised in a shoe box. He was supposed to fuck Tony and get him prego so that they could do it for the kids.
"I think flying it in from a farm in Switzerland is what makes it excessive Tony." Bruce grinned down at him and Tony's whisker's twitched his expression remaining haughty as his nails pricked Bruce's wrist again in chastisement.
"Why not both?" Tony mumbled around a forkful, gesturing for Steve to reclaim his position on the couch. Steve had even remembered to spoon extra capers into his portion of sauce so Tony figured a reward was in order and there wasn't a tom alive that didn't like a lap full of kitten.
Nobody laughed but then again Tony hadn’t expected them to. The possibility of death was just a little too close at hand for all of them; but Tony had always found it easier to deal with it in this sort of way and the point had been to pull everybody off the subject of the mess in Steve’s head. He seemed to know it too because he shot Tony a grateful look.
To think something as simple as forming a connection with someone (with him) could produce something like that in someone else.
That had been Howards problem. He’d never been able to handle the idea of falling behind, not even to his own son. Especially not then.
“Not nearly. Have dinner with me tonight and we can discuss it.” Tony murmured in answer with a cheeky grin, and Steve smiled back, but there was a distracted air to it.
That had been the first time. Peter had been doing his best to stand up despite how meek he was ever since, and since the spider bite, things had only gotten easier. The fear couldn’t cripple him anymore.
“Maybe what they took isn’t something Oscorp wants to explain to the public.” Tony thought out loud. “Norman Osborn’s practically been a recluse the last couple years. He’s been working on some super-secret something or another.”
Tony might be a feral Queen and the CEO of a billion dollar company, as well as one of the leading voices on Gata rights, but every now and then a fellow just wanted to feel a bit like Scarlet Ohara and have someone who made their stomach do the wibblies turn a bit pink while asking for permission to touch them. So sue him.
T’Challa’s smirk blossomed into a full-blown grin as the tom laughed, the corners of his eyes crinkling with mirth. Tony heard a purring sound a pleased thrill shoot through his belly, before he realized the sound was coming from him. As soon as he acknowledged the strange feeling, T’Challa’s gaze went just that little bit sharp, his whiskers twitching as his mouth curled into a fuller smile that reeked of smugness.
"We don't want to frighten these things off before we even spot them." Down below Steve was reminding them as tony weaved through the trees, light beams cutting through the mist. Natasha was a shadow, leaping and crawling between branches, darting in and out of his beams in quick flashes.
“It wasn’t his fault. They programed him like he was a machine to remember whatever was convenient and then replace it with something else as soon as it wasn’t. Sometimes they left him with no memories at all. He was just a thing to them. We both were, Steve. And when he compromised me they terminated him and the pregnancy.”
Maybe it had been the same thing that had rattled him? Though Steve didn’t know why he’d reacted the way he had to the mention of some foreign leader’s death who he knew nothing about in the first place. Just a bad feeling, but Steve had learned in the war not to hesitate when it came to instinct. A bad feeling was sometimes all that stood between you and a bullet.
Natasha teased. Tony had been thinking so hard he must have let his guard down. That or the eggnog was getting to him.
He got the strength (extra heapings of it actually, Steve's super strong even for a tom) the speed and heightened senses and a healing factor thrown in for superiority's sake; and to most of the world Captain America is still a human being, still worthy of admiration and respect.
“Send it in. And send unreasonably hot aunt up in ten, won’t you Jay? We can’t leave her starving in the lobby.”  Tony winked at Peter, and clapped a companionable hand on his shoulder.
Teddy’s blue eyes looked almost grey with how watery they were with tears. He didn’t say anything, but T’Cael did. His lean body almost vibrating where it pressed against Nyota’s.
M.O.D.O.K was at the center of it all, giving orders, directing the yellow suited A.I.M. insurgents with cackling glee from atop his hover chair like some twisted version of Santa Clause, as he flew between buildings.
"Tony gets pretty tactile pre-heat," Bruce tried, as he poured the steaming water over his tea leaves. "He has his moments of hostility but mostly he seems to want to cuddle. Have you tried...?"
Grimacing, Nyota flipped up the face mask of the protective headgear she wore and wiped the sweat from her brow. Alright so life had cheated her a bit. Dad couldn’t keep a promise shitty fate took out of his hands, yeah yeah, but screw that. He
The party for all that Steve had no real taste for it, did bring with it a few bonuses. It marked the end of the media barrage (at least for awhile) as Tony would be going under for his big surgery the following day and Pepper had cleared Tony's schedule in preparation. That was enough for them all to focus on and then he'd need time to heal, Extrimis or no Extremis so Tony was going to disappear from the public eye for a bit and the official story was that he was going away on S.I. business.
"Tony, do you need back up?" He heard Rhodey's tense question but his eyes were glued on the line of trucks ahead. Tony’s gut clenched as Pepper glanced nervously outside the window, and in the seat across from them Bruce’s eyes met his.
And Ty had played him like a fiddle for years, until Tony had unraveled everyone's grand plans by refusing to get pregnant. He'd seen the real Ty then.
So the only explanation he can give for why that unexpectedly bold pass makes his cheeks flush and nearly causes him to choke and die on his dinner, is that the ball came out of left field.
Sarah Rogers always had time for him, and her door had always been open. So even though Tony kissed Richardsville goodbye fifteen years ago and has a strict no contact policy when it comes to unwelcome blasts from the past, Rhodey brought him the message anyway. All it takes is one phone call and a 'you tell that boy to come on home now' and Tony’s telling Pepper to cancel all his meetings and trying to explain to his fiancé why he needs to gallivant off to Georgia on a dime.
Tony noted that she wore no shoes on them, but there were decorative gold rings snaking up her ankles. That along with the ears and the tail made it seem very much as if a lioness had learned to walk on two legs and wear clothes. Her silhouette reminded him distinctly of Catman Tony realized with a start.
"No offense," Cap said slowly and Tony saw Clint roll his eyes. He bit back a huff of laughter, because he agreed with the sentiment. Anytime someone started a sentence off with 'no offense' the chances of something offensive following increased by at least ninety percent.
He tried, for whatever his reasons, to drive the soft out of Tony, and in a lot of ways he succeeded.
Wow. Ouch. For the first time he could remember in a long while Tony had no idea what to say, the instinctive jolt of defensiveness quickly banked by the stark truth in the other man's words.
Next up Tony and Bruce get their bond on and Fury calls the team in with the news that they have royal visitors. Tony's pissed at the Prince of lies, but diplomacy demands he play nice and Tony's a fabulous actor. Usually. He's really pissed okay? New romance is a nice distraction though, especially when you're healing from a medically revolutionary surgery.
"Sure in theory, but it's about what is easiest to manipulate on a nano scale, what isn't going to trigger the attack of white blood cells while also not poisoning my body. If there's another material on earth it's not coming to mind."
“Nyota’s the Queen.” He reminded them all in a small voice, looking to her with hope. “She’s the one who decides.”
"JARVIS, hook us up." he prompted and JARVIS, sounding faintly amused himself responds almost as quickly.
"I didn't invite him and I'm not sticking around to ask. Can you run?" Her voice was low and strained, sweat beading against her brow the only sign that she was in a severe amount of pain, but Tony felt it hammering against his mind. Even now he could feel the barriers that had always stood between them crumbling away, thoughts that didn't feel like his own whispering in the back of his mind.
Tony wanted to help... but he knew there was a possibility that any one of them could prove to be beyond saving. There were some wounds that didn’t heal, some scars that went too deep, and there was no getting a person back after they crossed a certain line within themselves no matter how unfair.
Bruce coughed again, a real sounding one, and muttered as he shifted uneasily, “Maybe I should leave…”
She was sitting primly on Tony’s expensive white couch, her soft peach suit perfectly matched with the manicured nails on the hand that was scratching between Andre’s ears.
“This whole Pride thing, it means a lot to a lot of people Cap,” Sam admitted unselfconsciously and Steve nodded in agreement. He knew how much Pride Avengers meant to the Gata and as the breeze threatened to loosen the gel in his hair, and Sam turned to look out over the beach and the light dancing off the dark surface of the waves, he could only think how much more this Island was going to mean to them.
Tony was keeping one ear cocked on the conversation above and one eye on T’Challa who was literally creeping like a spider as he scaled the underbelly of the bridge, his dark eyes calculating as he watched Tony.
For a desperate moment Tony allowed his eyes to flutter shut and Steve’s comforting scent to envelop him as he leaned into his warmth (because he was scared, because he’d like very much to curl himself up into Steve’s arms and let him glower away anything that tried to touch him) but then it was time to face the music.
He didn’t give Killian any more warning before he went on the attack. And yeah, Tony was out numbered, even with the repulsor beam blowing holes through their ranks. At least two of the mercenaries were clearly on the extremis juice because they kept coming back for more long after their companions were decidedly not getting back up. Three against one weren’t good odds for anyone. But Tony wasn’t just anyone.
Everywhere you looked there seemed to be bodies on display, every muscular line of a tom’s body served up for wandering eyes, the softer curves of the fels spilling out over plunging necklines and short hems, and every last one of them sporting tags and collars that proclaimed them as somebody elses property.
"Really? Because I bonded with Natasha without much of a problem. Maybe because she's not such a self-righteous asshole."
Staring poignantly at the Wakandian Prince Ross popped a morsel of steak into his mouth and chewed with a smile, swallowing before finishing.
They stare at it in horror, recognize their name splashed across the side. It’s the last thing they see.
“Among the Alurio, when a Queen agrees to spar with you it is the highest of honors, so today must be doubly blessed.” Although T’Challa’s answer was for Clint he was looking at Tony when he said it with this warm glow of satisfaction. With this pride, as if getting his ass handed to him by Tony’s Pride really had made his day.
Bastet did not stop him, rather she listened until Tony was done, the picture of attentiveness as her blue eyes watched him, mouth nibbling away at her food. Finally she lowered the half eaten morsel back to her plate and stated with poise, "You are very clever for a halfling. Your suitor must count himself a very lucky man."
But she owes Clint so much more than she can properly name, and she won't repay him by taking away his only shot at what he needs so fundamentally.
“Didn’t you call this show, ‘mindless post-liberal apologist bullshit’?” Phil asked, leaning over the bed to adjust the corner of Clint’s blanket, which had become twisted in the guardrails.
"Not just for that, but for access to the country itself. We'd send a group of delegates in along with a team of chosen experts to observe the Wakandian way of life and prepare a special report, for our own government as well as to be shared at the world summit. I don't need to stress how important this is."
She didn’t know about anyone else in the multiverse but she was certain their parents could have figured it out. She’d never wanted to curl into a ball and cry for mommy and daddy so badly in her life. Except, Tony had never liked to be called mother, even if it was the culturally done thing. She and Papa used to do it sometimes, just to see him get irritated and watch his fur fluff up.
“I did, kind of a boring read, skipped to the end where you called my suit a weapon of mass destruction in the hands of a megalomaniac.” Tony interjected and Natasha raised a challenging eyebrow.
Devotion, even unto death. Ivan sees it in her eyes every time she and Pietro look at each other. It’s useful for the empire. That’s what the twins say he told Strucker and the others when he brought them in. Ivan wouldn’t know. His memories don’t open up that far.
"Because their meat is tasty and consuming their bone broth expands the mind temporarily. It allows the Pride to see what blessings or omens the new union may bring."
It made Steve uncomfortable to think about Tony in the terms of a machine. He knew Tony liked them, possibly better than actual people, but maybe that was part of the problem. Tony was always running from his feelings and trying to be something more than human. Sure, his brain was amazing and Steve was awed by it on practically a daily basis but it wasn’t his brains that Steve liked best.
A large kitten-bed had been set up in the middle of the lab because the plushy circle cushion would allow room for both him and Bruce to lay side by side and still be touching. They did not want to discount that physical closeness had played a hand in Tony and Natasha’s successful bonding. When the rest of the team had been settled in a loose semi-circle around the bed and the machines Helen and Dr. Salek had begun hooking them up to the various monitors and forms of life support.
Tony’s hands clenched in his lap. It was everything he could do not to reach over and check again that Steve was truly okay.  So, was it worth it? Yes - because Steve was worth anything because those that Tony loved would always be worth anything – and no. Because Steve was alive and Barnes was someone that he loved.  Tony took a deep breath and let it out slow.
At least he wasn’t wearing those fancy wrist guards T’Challa had gifted him. Even though Bruce had examined them backward and forward and could only find indication that the energy conduits were made of some vibranium rich mineral compound and not made to do anything more dangerous than amplify energy, Tony really didn’t need another reason to tempt fate by messing around with Extremis.
Caught red handed T’Challa chuckled, taking a shallow sip from his glass of wine before explaining himself.
“So?” Nyota shrugged. “Everybody knows Steve used to be dad’s consort. We’ve all heard the, ‘everybody in the Pride has different roles but we all love each other very much’ speech a million times.”
Tony giggled gleefully, still high on the thrill of being alive and the dizzying spike of adrenaline that had accompanied the whole ordeal.
A troublingly low number when you considered Steve’s official status as team leader and the need for team meetings, training sessions, and the occasional debriefing.
But that was a mystery to solve for another day. Tony had more than enough on his plate hunting down the mercenaries, finalizing the line of smart prosthetic appendages he was working on as the first production to come out of Stark Resilience as well as organizing a fresh R&D team for the fledgling company that could eagerly as well as legally make the transition over to the island base of operations once the build was finished.
He felt himself sliding and didn’t fight it. He let his head fall against the prince’s warm shoulder and frowned when T’Challa squirmed and shifted about, until he realized that the tom was only moving so that Tony could lie more comfortably, his head resting against the soft hollow between chest and shoulder.
Tony grinned as pleasure at the blatant little flirtation blossomed in his chest and had to laugh at himself.
"I wouldn't be here, if not for him." She acknowledged and on anyone else, Tony thought the constriction in her voice might mean she would cry. "I saw them resurrect him, in my dream. I know they killed him, but in the dream he woke up. He called for me and they -"
And that’s the reason Tony Stark is on the side of the road in bum fuck nowhere, hitching a ride from Clint Barton. Because if Rhodey had been less of a real friend he never would have brought Tony Sarah’s message in the first place; and if he’d been a
“Are we going home?” Phil chirped hopefully, twisting that knife of guilt. His sandy hair was flopping as he moved his head between Nyota and his older sister. “Are we going to see mom and dad?”
“I did not think the creature appreciated being likened to a turkey.” Thor was chuckling, at the part in the story when Tony's attempts at diverting the Benu’s attention had nearly gotten him turned into baked beans in a can.
If he withheld this information from Tony, it would be like allowing him to put his faith in a lie. Steve didn’t want Tony to believe in them because he’d had some vision that promised they’d make it. He wanted Tony to believe in them because they were
Clint showed up in the early hours of morning, having figured out what Natasha was up to and had generally made a nuisance of himself banging on the doors and refusing to leave until Bruce finally gave up and let him inside. Steve showed up following Pepper and Rhodey that afternoon under the pretense that he couldn’t in good conscience let them go in alone because they were squishier than a super soldier, only to be exasperated to learn that the others had been there earlier and put themselves at risk.
The unfeeling voice of a woman Steve could only call cold hearted whispered through his mind and he swallowed thickly, tempted to pull Natasha into his chest and banish that voice and anything else that wanted to get close to her, but he knew she wouldn’t tolerate it from him or anyone else. So he just held on to what he could, rubbing his thumbs over her hands to warm them as she blinked away the betraying moisture in her eyes.
"Cute." He said in response and the woman's furry brow arched. "But you know, if I were in your position I'd remind people way less that my blood was half Kǫtrdýr."
Ivan flicked his gaze quickly through the window, to Wanda’s location in the bookstore just ahead. She was squaring off with another one of them. This one had a sword, and they were using it to block the streams magic an increasingly frustrated Wanda was throwing at them. Ivan had never seen anyone stand up to Wanda or her magic, but the sword appeared to absorb it with ease, and – and the guy had wings! A huge set of batlike wings, Ivan recognized the unfamiliar sensation of shock as the additions slid out from the back of the enemy’s suit with the sound of sliding metal, lifting the armored kat into the air just in time to avoid the ferocious red wave of crackling energy that Wanda pushed toward them with her palms. He had arial advantage now and still, the kat didn’t charge her.
Sometimes Howard’s tests make them burn inside, make them sick for days and rabid in their mind until nobody but Jarvis dares to get near them.
Coulson's already their handler because no way was the government going to allow Fury to organize a pride full of undomesticated wildkats into an elite task force without one.
Fine. He would, this one time, because he was probably right anyway. They'd not come all this way and put up with all this bullshit just to get disqualified from the race.
"Dragons?" Tony looked up from the weapons table where he was unabashedly examining anything he could get his hands on. He was the only one of them who had been allowed to decline the offer to be suited up on account of already having his own armor.
“No. Usually I just don’t try. I don’t need much of it.” Tony answered with a shrug, plopping himself down on the couch and swinging his feet up onto the glass top of the coffee table. “What are you doing in my kitchen anyway?”
“You both need a shower. I see you broke out the prototype for the F.A.L.C.O.N. program Clint. How’s she handling?”
On the screen Amee was sniffling into a napkin, having just been scolded by her guardian for not keeping her doctor prescribed diet and possibly endangering the kits she was carrying.
“Tony, I don’t say it to hurt you.” T’Challa insisted. “You do not yet understand bonding and its full biological scope. A man can have more than one mate but he has only one Queen. To find himself split between two is a deadly game no one sane would play when the battleground would turn their brain to mush.”
“Okay.” Tony was pinching the bridge of his nose now and Thor wondered if he was staving off another headache. Their man of iron was suffering them more than usual and the circles around his eyes did not suggest that he was sleeping well. His struggle with the forien virus in his system was ongoing, the toll it was taking on his body becoming more and more obvious. Thor was not the only one who worried about his condition.
Laura had been nice, as far as kittens went. Tony had only met her one time in passing and had promptly put her out of his mind because he had better things to focus on than Barton's love life. And okay, collared kats made him uncomfortable. So sue him.
And that concludes a major arc of this story. As always, please let me know what you thought. I so enjoy reading them and they keep me from being lonely while I wait for my writing partner to return to me lol.
"Tony!" Natasha and JARVIS' voices seemed to melt into one panicked cry as he plummeted, but the jump had been necessary because he was too open on that roof and he'd seen how wide a range M.O.D.O.K's energy beam had.
A/N: This is a companion piece to The Sound of Music it's told in first person because we're going into Tony's cerebral space and it felt fitting. That and I love that style lol. Hopefully you like this piece as much as I enjoyed weaving it together.
He heard the jet passing over their heads, heading toward the landing field behind the facility, but he didn’t wait. The frightened screaming of those still trapped inside with the enemy was ringing in his ears and the thirst for blood gripping him.
“Can’t we just open another portal closer to the future?” Matai asked, looking up at his older brother. Amory shook his head.
Continuing to ignore it, Tony narrowed his eyes on Steve and pictured him moving one of his pieces into a place that allowed Tony to take two of his pieces in a row. Steve made the move – not thoughtlessly like a puppet on a string, but as naturally as if the thought had been his all along.
But whatever Ross would have liked to have done or said, they didn’t get to find out because before he could even get in spitting distance, one of the she-toms with T’Challa prowled smoothly between them.
Some of the liquor dampened his fine whiskers and he wrinkled his nose, resisting the urge to twitch the moisture loose. The less you reminded people you were different from them the better and sometimes restraint was the better option. The last thing he needed was Mrs. Kepple rushing over to coo at him some more.
“Ha.” Tony crowed. “See. Luke is a licensed aide and given how hard it is for Gata to pass those exams, frankly I think you’re being a bit elitist Bruce by insisting he’s not qualified. Think of all those years you spent as an aide when you could have had six doctorates to your name.”
So after that last one when Tony got a little hot under the collar (literally) and almost blew his own hands off firing one of those strange electro energy pulses out his palms, still in armor mind you, he'd thought that maybe Natasha had a point about becoming a liability.
“Still probably better safe than sorry. Not exactly a good idea for someone I don’t trust to rush at me with something pointy.” Bruce pointed out and the two shared a small smile, Helen squeezing his wrist gently as she finished taping the IV to his wrist.
Steve had gotten the call just after eight p.m. the night before. The picture of the cyborg flashing on his screen (Sam’s idea of a joke) had brought an ominous chill he couldn’t explain, but he’d somehow just known.
Anyway, whatever some alien cat lady got up to back in ancient whatever, had pretty much no bearing on the here and now so Tony liked to leave that little genetic mind trip to the guys like Bruce and just do his best not to hiss every time he sees that collar around Clint's neck.
Tony was careful to keep the confident smile fixed on his face and his stride easy as he weaved through the crowded room over toward the bar. Something with vodka ought to do it.
The thought of being a dad himself was kind of overwhelming for Steve. He didn't know a lot about kids, and it was completely different from managing troops. Would he even be any good at it?
"Suit yourself Katsicle." Tony shrugged nonchalantly. He never turned his eyes from the screen but Bruce didn't think he actually heard very much of it after that.
“Pepper nixed the Shield.” Tony arched his eyebrows in surprise and Steve explained. “This is the first time we’re going to be out together as a couple where they can ask us questions. She said something about the world needing to see you with Steve Rogers and not with Captain America.”
The silence in the living room felt deafening without the others there but Steve was glad not to have prying eyes, watching as he paced the length of the living room. He’d have felt the need to put on a braver face in front of the team and could honestly use a little space to sort himself out.
He'd never taken it all that seriously, but for some kat's the pageant life was everything. And why not? Kitties with pedigrees and who put trophies in their owners hands lived privileged lives, and were almost guaranteed to be bred with someone equally pedigreed (if not always tolerable).
T’Challa nodded rather imperiously in acknowledgement to the formal address, eyes moving aloofly past Ross and over the crowd. He completely ignored the flashing cameras and shouted questions from the press. Pepper eyed Tony meaningfully, obviously wondering why he was keeping the prince waiting and Tony just kept smiling winsomely in reply.
"You look like Natasha got her hands on you." Tony commented as he took in Steve's unusually rugged ensemble of well fitted jeans and bomber jacket. There was just a touch of gel in his hair that had Natasha's interfering lady fingers written all over it, but Tony wasn't really complaining when the result was a couple hundred pounds of all American gorgeousness leaning up against a few more hundred pounds of sleek American made machinery.
Look whatever feel good propaganda the media liked to push about the wonderful responsibility of raising a kit of your very own, the reality is they're pets if they’re lucky; and too many aren't lucky at all and end up objects of their master's sexual appetites. Coulson wouldn't be the first human to fall in love with his charge but it's not like he'd the first to abuse his position either.
The sense that Tony was in pain and needed help slammed through her, nearly causing her to lose her balance and go tumbling from the beam.
Merry Christmas! I know it's late but the sentiment remains. Thank you once again for your patience.
Tony looked the picture of confidence as he waited for the axe to fall, feeling the kind of calm he usually only felt when he suited up in the armor, the confidence of a predator comfortable in his skin. He might not be a prince and he might not be able to trace his ancestor back further than fucking Howard but this was his territory and he was king in it. Or Queen. Pick your poison. He’d seen already just how dangerous he could be even without his armor, and these days he was only getting more dangerous.
“Are you blushing already?” Amory cackles, nudging them playfully. He’s shushed harshly by Chris as on screen the reporter throws out questions.
Turning the word over in his head helped to calm the pounding of his heart. Helped center his thoughts so that he could see better the paths in front of him, including the one he knew was forbidden, the one that winded deep down into the dark heart of who and what he was.
Clint arched an eyebrow. Anthony? What the shit was that about?  Clint had gotten used to the way those two flirted with each other like it was in their mission debriefing, but Tony hadn’t let anyone call him by his full name since… well ever, that Clint could recall. Which was why Clint was watching his phone like it might burst into flames, fully expecting that Tony was about to start hissing and blowing up T’Challa’s profile with scratches.
“Excuse me?” Steve bristled. It was hard not to when a guy you were just getting to know said something like that about you. It was obvious to Steve, if not to the others, that Luke Debar thought he knew something about Steve's heart.
Riri was taking care of wiping their chips and uploading them with the false identities they’d come up with while Nyota was busy at work disabling the choke and the elctro-shock functions.
Steve seemed to read his mind and closed the minimal distance between them, touching his arm to draw his gaze back up.
Ana feeds him up and Rhodey (he doesn't know he's Rhodey yet but he is) doesn't talk much, scarfing down the food Ana places in front of him almost before she's finished setting it down and Tony talks his ear off.
“Any actual truth to that flattery?” he drawled, too, well relaxed, to even hold on to the resentment. T’Challa just smiled, watching Tony sip at his tea to be sure that he drank it all.
“It looks like the Alurio are just as big on trials by combat as the Kǫtrdýr. They seemed rather eager to get their asses handed to them in the name of letting bygones be bygones, so I figured who am I to object.”
Natasha bites a poisoned apple, there's no prince to kiss her awake. Tony takes a shitty hand and shows AIM why this isn't checkers (They thought it was). Harley's house gets blown up, but Tony's pretty okay with that because it was falling down anyway and he's pretty good at building things.
It was followed by a strange low burn, like someone was breathing hotly just behind him. He knew nobody was there, knew that strange sensation was just in his head because he could see the others tensing on either side of him, their eyes darting between each other in confusion and then as if drawn there, flying back to the window and looking into the operation room.
The Light Shield was the only known link besides OSCORP that they had to the mercenaries and Tony was determined to crack it open and learn its secrets. It was highly advanced touch technology, which meant that by just holding it in his hand Tony could interact with its operating system. But whatever intelligence was running things inside the device was complicated and well defended, possibly even more so than JARVIS, and Tony had yet to hack through its defensive systems.
It has to be said right? The girl’s mixed and Tony’s oldest and closest friend is a black male. A guy whose future children Tony has already set aside funds for the sole purpose of spoiling beyond all reason, so mystery solved on the ‘why is future!Tony taking home a girl not Steve’s’ front.
Tony fell, but the plush mattress of the bed caught him and he rolled, giggling as Clint leaned over him in triumph.
Tony giggles and rolls his eyes. He knows languages can't dance. They're not physical. But he likes something about the picture it makes anyway.
Tony, T’Challa, Helen, and Bruce. They’d all figured this thing out together. Helen was an expert in bio-engineering but T’Challa was better versed in healthy Gata biology. T’Challa was a good balance, he knew that intellectually, but when Tony stepped into the Cradle tomorrow he’d be completely defenseless, his life in their hands, and Tony wasn’t sure if he could bring himself to invest that level of trust in the tom just yet.
“You’ve never taken teeth before Kotyonok,” Natasha admonished, effectively ending Tony’s side stepping.
Tony felt his eyebrows tilt in surprise. Natasha shot him an unimpressed look and he chuckled under his breath. He couldn’t help it. It was still strange. He couldn’t remember another time in his life when he’d been anyone’s number one priority without paying them.
Furthermore, if one of the Fel’s hunting teams won, the members of her entire house received the seats of honor at the feast to be waited upon by the Tom’s house, and vice versa. Between the bride and groom, the one with the mightiest hunters sat upon the high chair and the other the low, to feed their mate their fill before they could begin eating themselves.
Even though Mama frets, each morning when Papa finishes his breakfast he wipes his mustache with his napkin the exact same way, and says to Tony with a wink, “Well I was hoping they’d send me a crack assistant, but I guess I’ll make due with you instead.”
Shaking his head clear of the fog of yearning he reminded himself that he had been the one to ask that they take things slow and that his inner Pepper still insisted that it was a good idea to do that. Pepper is usually right about these kinds of things.
In Tony’s lab in Stark Tower an alarm shrieks and Tony Stark jerks in his chair, gasping for breath. In the chairs on either side of him Steve and Natasha are also jerking out of catatonic states, limbs shaking and heads swimming as they fumble at their restraints.
“Quiet, quiet he’s on!” Amory calls, turning up the volume on the TV as a reporter thrusts a microphone under the nose of the handsome young fel who fills their screen, larger than life somehow. He’s nothing like them, timid mousey creatures that they are. He’s full color, sharp in tooth and tongue, and he’s just so
Once again, Tony had found himself at a crossroad with limited life expectancy and there were certain ducks he wanted to put in their rows.
"Ouch." Bruce hissed, dropping the remote. Tony scrambled for it, inadvertently (or perhaps not) kneeing him in the groin. Clint tensed, but Bruce just shook his head, a small smile tugging at his mouth. Tony's tail was already curling tighter around Bruce's as if to make up for it, and he didn't feel even a hint of anger at the shenanigans.
“Ivan saved my life against orders and brought me to them for training. He was their best, and he knew they were greedy to make more like him but they’d not succeeded with other Gata. He offered to train me himself, and promised them that where the others had failed I wouldn’t. I knew I was fighting for my life Steve, but in the Red Room that almost seemed normal. I was more afraid they’d take him away or punish him for my failures. So I made it my mission not to fail.”
Tony knew it was and in that moment he could see it in Steve's eyes, the slow acceptance of that very truth.
“Harley!” Jena Keener hissed, seeing that nobody else was going to halt this train wreck, and placed a hand over the kids mouth, muffling the end of his sentence as she drew him back, apologizing profusely with nervous glances between the captain and Tony. Tony rose from his chair with a meaningful glance at Bruce who quickly followed.
"They actually put you in a war zone?" Steve asked, glancing between Sam and Rhodes and just as before, the tomkat didn’t wait for Rhodes.
What did he expect? That just because Fury threw them all together and told them to make like a pride, that Tony was just going to spread his legs and take one for America?
Tony and the Avengers do Asgard and for a wedding it's not nearly as cheery as Tony thought it would be. There are dragons for one thing, and to even get an audience with Queen Bastet the Avengers have to prove themselves worthy. Tony's getting real sick of this bullshit. A glimpse into futures maybe and the unforgotten past leaves the team on shaky ground. They were all warned that visions are seldom all they seem but Tony's not giving up, and a surprising confession from Steve may just path the way toward a future he'd never dreamed possible.
“Cold night to be outside like this.” he tried, emptying his head of that line of thinking because he wasn't an idealistic child or a moony teenager, and nothing about that future had been certain. Don't get attached.
Tony was the only one not shocked by this, having been raised in a domestic household largely in the public eye. He’d seen all the “civilized” methods of gentling anxious Gata, all the myriad ways in which they could be violated and subjugated in plain sight. It was obviously all about control, but on paper rubbing the O-gland was toted as a “harmless” way of tapping into a fels pleasure centers and easing the nerves, but for the obvious reason was also considered a very personal privilege between Gata and their masters. Masters got angry when other people tried to touch their pets so intimately.
"Alright, stop guys. Visibility is shit. Let's regroup and figure out a way to get rid of this soup." Tony called out and the fog seemed to swallow his voice. There was no reply.
“You did not, you big liar!” Princess shrieked indignantly, face lighting up as she cackled with laughter.
The helmets the robbers wore didn’t have pointy ears but they didn’t really need to. They were kats, and they’d taken up weapons against humans.
And when he wasn't obsessed with finding Steve's body and dragging it up from the ocean, Howard was obsessed with recreating another perfect soldier.
When you were a kat everything was mister, sir and mam, and Tony had learned that the quickest way to gain control of a conversation was to establish his own rules. He could practically smell the irritation wafting off of Tiberius at being ignored and that was just a bonus.
Personally, Tony didn’t want to believe it (it would only mean bad bad things, for other kats if it were true) but either way, figuring out their motives and how to stop them was them was of absolute importance right now and had to come before finding Barnes.
So yeah. He never would have predicted Phil, but Natasha had completely blown his mind. He’d never encountered anyone like her. He’d been sure he was going to die on that mission and kinda okay with that outcome because he was tired, and truthfully going out against someone like her could only be epic and at least he would have had the adventure of it. Phil would have been sad but that’s the thing people don’t get.
Tony had fallen into an exhausted sleep in the Bruce’s arms after a two-day work binge in the lab had been interrupted by another sudden flare of Heat. He’d been having them off and on for the last two weeks, ever since his cycle had been interrupted first by the suppressants he’d willingly taken and then by the virus he’d been forcibly injected with.
Bruce, still kneeling over Steve gestured to the two SHIELD medics who came forward again warily, to help load the captain onto a stretcher.
Nobody said it but Tony could see on their faces that they all understood. They could worry about the future of their Pride when Tony knew whether or not he was going to be a future.
“It doesn’t look like we have much choice. It’ll be okay T’Cael. We’ll be operating in the background, just like we do here. “She attempted to sooth her younger brother. “Riri and I need to be here, working with JOCASTA on planting the package. Jaime, you’re the only one strong enough to duke it out with Steve and Bucky if things go south, so you should go to Washington with Amory, Billy an –”
A device that could destroy an entire planet with the push of a button. No colliding earths meant no destroyed universes.  Billions of lives lost in an instant and trillions saved. Tony had built it, because of course he had, and uncle Steve…
“Ah.” Tony murmured. “That explains why Tigger the tiger freaked out when we called his Queen our Bio-mommy, but MiKall is full Kǫtrdýr isn’t she?”
The air crackles around them and the ruby red lines on the golden armlets glow florescent before a wave pushes the soldier back, sending him sprawling in the dirt. He stares up at Tony who has rolled and gotten onto his feet, palms up and ready to fire, barely noticing the world shifting and warping around them like a television on the fritz.
Friday nights seemed to be the night when Natasha appeared in the common floor living room to clean her weapons while Clint watched movies, and the one time Bruce had sat with them to watch The Sting Tony had joined them and so had Steve. Friday night movies occur at a rate that would suggest it has become unspoken tradition.
"The code is not the part I'm worried about. The code I'll figure out, it's their damn bodies that are causing the trouble."
"JARVIS" Tony shouted, and he was never more thankful for his beautiful, smart, intelligent A.I. because almost before he'd finished shouting the syringes full of 'goodnight juice' that he and Bruce had cooked up for just such emergencies popped out of the refrigeration unit of the minibar.
“You wanted the biggest construction firm in the city and Dyson is it.” Pepper reminded him as Steve’s thoughts returned over the bond, irritated and insistent.
His mouth curling into a slow smile Tony turned over, shuffling until he was facing Steve, their knees bumping.
“And if we can’t?” The words came easy this time, some of the weight on his chest lifting with every word she spoke. “If it comes down to a choice between Bucky and everyone else, everything we’re fighting for?”
“It’s odd that they’ve stolen your designs and they have your taste in movies.” Natasha explained slowly, completely ignoring the tangent.
“Depends. He’ll be looking for signs of where they might have taken me but you haven’t been dark long enough for him to think about looking for E.T.’s distress code… you’re our eyes on the facility and without being able to contact you it’s guess work. The could send someone as a scout on the chance that I was taken here. It’s what I would do.”
To Tony’s shock Steve jumped in front of his repulsor fire, shield raised, breath coming rapidly as the blast resounded off the surface and Tony had to twist in order to avoid being struck by his own shot.
“And then I remembered what Tony said about the bite.” Steve rushed on, desperate to explain and suddenly feeling like he couldn’t have shared this with anyone else (couldn’t bring himself to admit how colossally ignorant he’d been and what he may have lost to anyone but the most pragmatic of critics). “After the serum we – well it was a war and we lived in close quarters with the rest of the Howlies so there weren’t a lot of chances to be together. But we caught a break one night.”
The way the tom was looking at him felt like a challenge. There was judgment there, as if the tom knew something Steve didn’t and was holding it over his head. And Steve's nose was good. Better than most kat's even, and there was something caught in it that kept buzzing at his nerves, like he'd stuck his nose in a spoonful of pepper.
The answer to that question (and many others) is complicated, but the simplified version is it’s all Rhodey’s fault.
Steve's tone was neutral so Bruce found it hard to tell if the feeling was supposed to be mutual or not.
Tony sucked in a harsh breath, the cold stinging in his lungs, and with a pain-filled grunt he kept walking.
I'm so sorry for not getting to your comments in the interim. I treasure each one of them. I felt so bad about not being able to keep to my schedule last chapter that any free time I had was spent getting this portion finally done. Can't promise when the next will be, only that as long as you're all here, I'll keep them coming as best as I can.
"So either this works or it doesn't, and in the event that it doesn't I've taken care of certain things. The new shelter on the Island will be built and sustained with company funds, as will the Avengers so long as you all still want to be Avengers."
But just then Clint swept into the kitchen with Natasha not far behind, bringing a swell of chatter with him, and Tony tabled the conversation for later with a wink.
"Come again?" Tony questioned and Thor watched as RaTu came around the table to demonstrate, the engineers eyes going wide as the dark shining metal that covered RaTu's arms slowly peeled away, absorbed back into her skin to reveal her fur covered flesh.
“Tony, I didn’t know, okay.” Rhodes was saying as Happy pulled the car away from the courthouse. He was sitting opposite Tony and Natasha, looking tense and somewhat apologetic in the face of Tony’s deeply annoyed expression.
Wanda released a small aggravated sigh, but there is a gleam of fondness in her eyes as chastising nails dig into his jacket where her arm is still wrapped around his waist.
"I think what Tony doesn't like is feeling cornered." Bruce replied, raising his eyes to meet Steve's tentatively. "I think we all know what seems to make the most sense... but people aren't game pieces. Neither of you are ready for a mate."
"Thor!"a feminine sounding voice called, pulling their attention to where a horned figure in golden armor was standing on a raised dais with what could only be one of the Kǫtrdýr.
Steve plucked a gleaming black helmet off the helmet bar and tossed it Tony's way, swinging one leg over the seat as he mounted, laughing over his shoulder, "Not a chance Stark."
“So, you keep up with the science journals I see.” Tony said, drawing Peter’s attention from the ceiling and Peter nodded.
It’s trickier to sink below the surface this time. There are three of them, and his bond with Natasha is so much stronger. Clear like a well beaten path. When the lab fades into darkness all around them and slowly but surely the dark recedes to reveal a thick forest it feels natural. They are Natasha and they are small again, a child still.
"Alright you wildlings!" A sharp whistle cut through the excited voices of the children who had crowded around the team, who were currently sat in the middle of what looked like a wrapping paper apocalypse. The gift giving had gone relatively smoothly, with only a few mild rebukes for grabbing, impatience, and attempted biting.
What he hadn’t expected was the smell that hit him as soon as Mr. Stark entered the room and the tingle that went up and down all over his body and itched in the back of his skull. It wasn’t bad. It was anything but bad. It was spicy and warm in a way that reminded him of Christmas and hot drinks before bedtime, but metallic and edgy too. Dangerous, like he was in the room with something wild, and it made the hair on his tail stand up.
The wind gusted and Tony shuddered. There was an alarming sensation of heat thrumming through his veins even though the elements quickly leeched it away. That might not be a good thing. He had the bad feeling that his body was trying to compensate for the chill and the strain it was under and he'd seen already where that could lead.
There was a moment of hesitation. She’ll never lie and say there wasn’t, because it wouldn’t do it justice.
“I am indeed Mr. Parker.” The A.I. JARVIS answered. “Though I don’t know if it is necessarily accurate to assign me a gender, I have found I prefer the designation of he over it.”
Okay so she wasn’t exactly a midget, but she was definitely under five feet tall because she didn’t quite reach Tony’s chin and he’d never been the tallest of individuals to begin with.
"Thank you, Mr. Allen," he mumbles through his teeth because a response is expected, and Mr. Allen is a master. The kit curls the free hand not holding the basket into a fist his side, jutting out his middle finger where no one can see.
"Yes. So I made very sure not to be wrong."Tony tossed the tom a confident smile and batted his hand away and slid back under the machine.
The only thing that hadn't changed was the color scheme. As always it was painted brilliant shades of red and gold, and Thor wondered what RaTu and the others would think of it. He did not have to wait long.
Leaning close T’Challa asked lowly, a warm thread of humor in his tone, “Did you just imply that I smell bad?”
The unknown female kat dropped through the hole in the floor above and landed in a crouch. Your basic three-point landing. One knee up, fist braced against the floor, one leg extended, tail arched high. For the nano second where the room was just still and everyone’s eyes were settling on the figure that had literally just dropped into their midst in a shower of noise and dust, the loudest thought in Tony’s mind was: not only did these bastards have the gall to steal his technology, this girl had the balls to mimic him to his face and look badass while doing it.
“Quiet!” Anya hissed, elbowing him sharply and the room fell quiet again as the clip played on, returning to the reporter.
Close to nightfall when Natasha was going over her strategy to infiltrate the facility one last time, there was a sudden change in the routine. She heard the sound of the chopper before she saw it fly overhead and lower what appeared to be a person on a stretcher down to the guards and the pair of lab techs who'd come rushing out to the roof to meet it.
Steve laid Tony gently on the bed, as if he were made of glass and the fel curled in on himself, shivering as he desperately chased after a conscious stream of thought that wasn’t how badly he wanted Steve to touch him. If he could keep thinking then he was still in control. He could keep himself safe.
Tony was sure his expression was all sorts of alarmed just then, because he didn’t know the whole story but he knew that Barnes was dead.
Clint will always be 'Hawk' somewhere deep down, and Hawkeye is better than Spot or Fluffy (he's met some kats with some SHITTY names) but having a real name almost made him feel like a real person, and now that he's officially a resident of the United States with tags and a proper owner and everything, he can't just disappear. Not entirely. He existed somewhere and there's a record.
The soldier and his charges have been stationed in Washington D.C for six months but it is not his first time in this nation’s capital. He knows that the way a jingle gets caught in other people’s heads. The nagging sense of familiarity is just up there, erupting at odd moments, like when he turns a street corner thinking to himself that he should water the kits and realizes he’s headed for a storefront he didn’t know existed to be so sure of his direction.
And Tony wasn’t just anybody either. He could admit that it was a little intimidating trying to think up ways to impress Tony Stark. All of his ideas felt silly when he considered that Tony could buy himself something a hundred times better than any bouquet Steve could afford and that Tony had eaten with the President at the White House so good luck trying to find a restaurant to top that.
That was the other really big difference. Though she walked on two legs like they did, if she’d approached them on all fours Tony might very well have mistaken MiKall for a large jungle cat. She was covered head to toe in fur. Her eyes were big and round, her pupils green and yellow and slit in the feline fashion. Her fingers were thick and heavily clawed and her feet shaped like paws.
Tony blinked in surprise. He could give an entire history lesson truth be told but it had just been a stupid joke. He honestly hadn't been expecting it to go any further.
“Miss Nichols. This is Sonia Dyson.” Tony introduced the two women with a slight wave of his hand. “Sonia wanted to know who was behind her husband’s unfortunate tumble in the stock market.”
“No connection to AIM, but, get this, there’s a long sad story of jumping in and out of therapy, unemployment, and rehab for substance abuse and then he just disappears only to resurface again when he gets a job at a construction company, and not behind the desk either.”
Even speaking quietly Bruce couldn't hide the fearful awe in his voice, the near unwillingness to hope for something he'd always considered so far out of his reach. A mate. A home. Freedom.
But Clint wasn't looking at either of them anymore, his gaze fixed somewhere in the crowd as he tensed, muttering lowly.
Sarah Rogers was the kind of woman who always had an ear and a kind word, but could make you confess your every sin with just one of her stern looks. She was also pretty well known for opening her home to every lost soul she came across and wouldn’t hear of being called anything but Ma once you crossed her threshold.
And Steve let his arm drop, falling silent, though Tony knew he found it frustrating. Steve wasn’t a sideline type of guy and Tony appreciated that about him, but he needed to handle this his way. When he was sure that Steve wouldn’t try to interfere again he turned back to Natasha.
Even now as an adult he thinks Vonkov didn’t mean to go as far as he did, that he might have stopped if Tony had cried out or begged an apology. But with each hit Tony’s lips clamp tighter. Her refuses to make a sound through the whole thing, even though there are tears running down his face and his backside feels like it’s on fire. He bites through his lip.
It was just a dumb joke. There was no reason it should hit her as hard as it did, when there were a million and one other reminders every day, but Nyota’s breath hitched in her chest, and by the time Jaime pulled her into a hug, the sob she was desperately trying to choke down broke loose.
To the credit of the kid behind that mask, they didn’t need telling twice. The kit scrambled to their feet, tugging the Walsh girl along with them, urging her to go in a shaky voice as they ran behind the line of officers. They looked uncertain whether they should stop the pair, their gazes flicking wildly between Tony and the retreating backs of the kit and the girl.
“I told you I hated those comics. They got so many things wrong, but Bucky was a flat out lie. The man I knew was a smart ass who never let me get away with a single thing. A lot like you.”
"Oh gosh, maybe three years? It's been about as long as we've been together. Since I was what, sixteen?" Kitty looked to Peter and catching his anxious glance in Steve's glowering direction she rolled her eyes and redacted, using air quotes for emphasis. "I mean eighteen. Cause I'm totally twenty-one right now. You're not a Cop are you? You look coply."
“What about that armor you’re wearing? Any more of those?” Tony suggested almost too causally and Thor laughed under his breath.
Stark was still a puzzle, and Steve wasn't confident he'd ever put together all of his pieces but Tony had really taken him by surprise on that rooftop.
She glanced up from her work to look at the television. Yep, the host had this perfectly jelled hair and these stupidly punchable blunt little white teeth. He kept flashing them at dad like he expected Tony to just roll over and spread his legs or something. He was trying to come off as all serious ‘big shot investigative reporter right here’, but the effect was pretty much ruined by the major case of fuck me eyes he had going on.
"And you let him have it." Steve summarized almost tonelessly but there was something in his eyes, something deep and almost stricken, but it was quickly hidden away behind a stony stare.
Whether you look masculine in human eyes or traditionally feminine makes no difference. If you're a fel you'll get your heat every three months, and if you get down with a viable sperm bank (aka a tom) you can expect kits in your future.
Or maybe he did and they both just enjoyed poking fun at the others presumptions. Weird tom bonding aside, it didn’t matter to Tony. Just meant one more mouth to feed when Thor was around.
“Do you know that I am not even allowed to name my own heir?” Tony barked a humorless laugh at Darren’s disbelieving look. “Yeah. Pepper gets Stark Industries if something happens to me and if I had a kit she would have to sanction my choice to leave my own possessions to them. It’s all dust Darren. Our lives might as well be dust but I can change that. I can start with giving the shelter kats a safe place to live out their lives in comfort. But I need the land first, so help me out her Dare. Find me the right soil.”
The bullet tears through the man suddenly standing between him and Iron Man. Tears through the shield he holds - the
Bucky had socked him in the eye, but that hadn't stopped either of them from whispering in the dark later how they were going to get a house together when they grew up, with two kids and a yard. They'd learned pretty quick though that what the courts meant by preventing abuse and sussing out 'Degenerates' was not cleaning up the kennels, the work houses, or scraping out the heat dens lining the underbelly of the city, but making an example of those who threatened the status quo.
Steve jerked free of the dream, the echo of the little girl's scream lingering so tangibly in his mind that for a minute he thought his ears might actually be ringing. It was far from the first time that Steve had been subject to a disorienting dream. He'd had nightmares fueled by the horrors of war and bittersweet dreams of being back in his own time surrounded by familiar faces that left him devastated come morning. However, he wasn’t entirely sure he wouldn’t have preferred even those dreams over ones like the one he’d had since they'd taken that soup on Asgard.
Don't worry, Steve and Tony will have their talk next chapter and we'll be hearing from T'Challa again. He's not about to let Tony forget what he looks like. In case you couldn't tell, we are moving into the Winter Soldier arc so we'll be hearing a lot more from Bucky and his
Asgardian's ate like wild hogs and drank their booze like dwarves Tony discovered as the party in the Great Hall went forward full speed ahead. Though Frigga did her best to be a gracious host and keep drawing their Midgardian guests at the high table back into conversation, Tony kept finding himself distracted with the Kǫtrdýr Queen and Steve as it turned out was absolutely rubbish at small talk, especially the high handed sort that was traded at a royal table.
As Tony had feared, the team had been dragged before old one-eyed wonder before the ink had dried on their medical discharge papers, and the lecturing and posturing had commenced without so much as a hello upon their entry.
"It's good work Jay, don't be so hard on yourself." Tony admonished with a wink in the tom's direction but Luke was staring up at the holo-screen in deep concentration. "You okay there tom-kat? I'd call a medic, but you are the medic."
“Oh wow…” Banner gasped, brown eyes sweeping across the room to connect with Natasha who suddenly resembled a deer caught in the headlights of a car.
He’d not realized how hungry his amino acid ravenous body was getting until just that moment, but the smell of the fish was so divine that his stomach gave a painful twist of need and he groaned at the sight of it.
He doesn’t know this voice – female and powerful – but for a moment that feels like an age, she holds his mind in strong grip and the pain stops suddenly. Ivan is sucked down a dark tunnel.
“Well, the stereotype comes from somewhere but your increased craving for it might very well be linked to extremis,” Banner pondered with a thoughtful frown. “Could be because they’re high in amino acids.”
"You're a good friend Tony, and I'm really happy to call you that. That's more than enough for me, and if you never want to be more the only thing I'll lose is a maybe. I'll still have you, as long as that's what we both want... It's what I want. I just thought I should tell you that."
"I think we're all together in the fact that we'd rather go into this knowing the worst that could happen."
It had to be a hack, because the only one with access to the alpha override codes was Tony, and in a few cases Pepper.
His eyes are fixed on Becca’s body. Eyes wide open. Not sleeping. Not breathing. He struggles for breath. Struggles to breathe around the balloon of pressure building in his chest. Sick terror and a bone deep hatred filling him up like a noxious gas until he feels like he’ll pop.
They were an obvious catch for Marko. Feral kats were rare stateside and as such they were faster and stronger than any of his other hired guns, and he'd already seen from their show of course how skilled they were at hitting a target. The only one who was a better shot than Clint was Barney.
"Thor, get to Ironman and get him off the damn field! I'm headed to you Clint." Steve snapped as he hurled his shield, Tony could see him moving below, almost as much of a blur as the vibranium disc that sliced neatly through a line of A.I.M. soldiers. The shield sang when it moved, as if it was paying homage to the beautiful display of power and competency that was Steve Rogers in motion.
Tony didn’t know what to say immediately. His thoughts racing as he considered the conundrum before him. He’d not been expecting T’Challa to give him a gift, especially something so obviously priceless. But maybe he should have expected it. He remembered what T’Challa had told them in the kitchen that morning when he’d brought Tony soup. Courting he’d called it. Because buttering up the Queen was standard protocol for getting what you wanted out of them wasn’t it?
The kits giggled again as Tony sighed dramatically, flipping the pages of the storybook noisily to find his place again.
Christmas finally arrives at the tower as Tony and Steve get closer. A new year is just around the horizon, and with it comes the first winds of change.
Some sort of firewall had been put up since he’d last hacked into the ship, but slicing through it was so easy Tony almost wondered if T'Challa were inviting him in. There was a chance that T'Challa might not still be aboard Daggar, but he had a hunch that even if he wasn't that T'challa would have left something in place to alert him if Tony showed up again where he didn’t belong. It's what Tony would do.
“I’m fine.” the brunette snapped, and Steve could see him shaking himself, realizing that he was convincing himself before he raised his gaze and fixed Steve with a bright smile, finally giving the dance his full attention. “Just feeling kind of sick I guess. Rhodey’s always warning me about the punch.”
A warning in this chapter for mentions of attempted non-con. It's very slight, only spoken of in memory, but the more you know.
As Tony strode into the room his eyes naturally went first to the table surrounded by chairs in the center of the room, only to find them empty. Movement drew his eyes to the long windows where the young woman standing by the windows looking out over the city with her back to the door had turned to watch him approach.
“Make him hurry Maria, I don’t have all day!” Sir barks over the intercom, but they can’t smell him so they know he isn’t close.
Ivan does not shoot them. He takes them to the castle of the Red Queen who orders the guards to take their head because she doesn’t believe they are useful, but Ivan protects them. Bodies drop around them in a spray of blood and bullets but the Madame simply stands there in the midst of it, watching until the last man lays bleeding on the floor at their feet and the soldier is standing before her, blood in his teeth and defiance in his eyes. And then she speaks.
“But we all know you don’t sleep with toms.” Clint finished firmly and Bruce winced in the face of Barton’s bluntness, but nodded slowly.
The adult thing to do here was at least hear the man out. Fuck but he hated adulthood. Whose crummy idea was that?
“Just so long as Donny Kepple continues to invest in Maria's House, his mother can rub what she likes.” Tony answered dryly and the smile in Natasha's eyes disappeared.
“Seems highly unfair,” Steve grumbled, and Thor winced as he added, “Wasn’t her idea to be a war hostage.”
"I don't have a - " he began, only to be stopped by Steve who coughed and shook his head as covertly as he could, eyes boring into Tony's in a way that pleaded with him to just let it go.
"Everyone is fine," Bruce interjected. " The seizures were minor. They could have done damage if prolonged but you sort of skipped around, always stopping just shy of doing real damage. It’s like you knew."
Cap ground his teeth together so loud Clint didn’t doubt that even Phil’s baseline hearing could pick it up.
“That’s why you’re helping him. You’ve realized his virus is unstable. You were always willing to do anything just to save your own skin.”
Rhodes for his part stared steadily back at Steve his expression completely inscrutable as he replied by route, “All service in the United States Armed Forces is still voluntary.”
Anger jolted through Steve and he took a step toward the woman, but Natasha dug her nails into his arm and it was enough to pull him out of the sudden surge of rage.
"No." Thor frowned in confusion, looking between the three of them. "Coulson and Clint have decided to become mates. Surely they came to you for their blessing?"
They were close enough to touch Tony realized as the swirling visions threatened to send him to his knees, but he couldn’t pull them out of their nightmares with so much stimulus at once. He needed help, and even if it was high on the list of things he didn’t want to do he knew that was only pride talking.
Her eyes were more sad than fearful, heavy with the knowledge that she was vulnerable (never helpless) and forced to rely on someone else in hope for survival. She felt guilt for leaving him alone in this crisis and a lingering sense of shame for putting herself in that predicament in the first place. But it was all surface, all trained impulses and instincts. What mattered was what was at the core, the truth she couldn’t hide from either of them anymore.
If he lived long enough to see it all through this would be astronomical. He’d only really discussed this part with Pepper, and Natasha only knew as much as she did because the emotions surrounding that conversation had been high and he was still learning how to filter things through their bond.
Princess shrugged under his incredulous look, a little smile tugging at her mouth and brightening her sad eyes.
“I’m sorry.” Steve hoped it sounded genuine because he was. But how could he accept how someone she’d loved could have betrayed her that way, put her through something like that?
Now there was a man who had asked to be rearranged, but he still had no idea that he was as dead as the rest of them. Nobody created soldiers for peace. Whatever life Steve Rogers would have had would be buried under the refuse of war and rust. Blood would color his landscape until death finally swallowed him.
Of anyone, Bruce had the least to apologize for and it didn't surprise Tony that he was the first, if you discounted being surprised that anyone would bother. It wasn't like Natasha was wrong. He had agreed to join the Initiative and he was lagging behind the others in enthusiasm despite that, and Tony would have to be a particular kind of insensitive not to care how much this could mean for Bruce, who had pushed yeah but nowhere near as hard as Tony would have if their positions were reversed.
“No buts. I need to take care of these guys and I can’t do that and worry about you at the same time. If these guys are still here when your mom gets home what do you think is gonna happen to her?” It was a low blow maybe, but the only thing he could think of to get the kid moving and make him stay where it was safe. Tony wouldn’t have in the kid’s shoes, not for anything less. Predictably Harley’s eyes widened with fear.
He expected Natasha to lash out at him (no better than he deserved) but to his surprise she did no more than stare intently at the interning medic (Luke apparently) as if she could see straight through his skin. Tony would not have liked to be on the other end of such a look.
"This is the last time I’m going to ask.” Tony warned, speaking every word again with deliberation. “When did you know Ivan was alive?"
To the ancient Egyptians the Alurio were children of the Goddess Bastet and as such they were honored as fierce warriors. They became protectors of the pharaohs and royal houses and an elite class of soldier in their armies.
Along with assimilating herself with this unfamiliar decade, she was creating Jaime a new shield. He'd lost his other one in the fight at Vixon, and he'd been pouting about it ever since. Nobody dared tease him about it either. Tony and her aunt Shuri had made him that shield. Jamie had trained with it ever since he was thirteen years old. Losing it was like losing a piece of himself, and they'd already lost too much already.
There was a long pause in which Tony could hear his own heart pounding unusually loudly in his ears and a faint sound on the other end of the line that might have been a purr but could also have been the hum of a machine before the tom responded.
Everyone seemed to be having a good time at least. Steve had stepped away from the crush for a moment but he was keeping a careful eye on Tony as the fel schmoozed his way through the guests.
"It's been recording him. Even if the tracking chip was destroyed shortly after it was planted I knew I could get him to talk to me before he disappeared again. Cute kitten like me, falling right into his arms? Of course he was going to talk. But I didn't get much and I was worried it wasn't going to be enough, so these additional soundbites are a gold mine. JARVIS and I have been working on a deconstruction device for modified sound bites." Tony explained waving a hand at the mess of his work station.
“Tony!” Tony could hear Steve calling his name and then Bruce was there, louder in his ear and more frantic, as he wrenched his restraints free and yanked BARF’s cables away.
Her family had fought (and did nothing but fight) near the end, split down the middle, tensions worsening and worsening while cooler heads desperately tried to keep the Pride together. Pride means family and you don’t turn your back on family no matter what comes between you. Her dad taught her that.
“Sorry Platypus, you’re right. I just got a little overheated. It’s only a million degrees in here. Jesus can we get someone to turn on the air?” Tony grouched, fanning himself and grimacing when the motion made the scents already assaulting his nose seem all the sharper. Too many damn bodies pressed together in a single room. Too many toms too close. It made him feel skittish (and he hated feeling skittish).
“There are two exits to the building. If the police can hold them till we get there, we can block those exits and reel them in.” Tony informed the team over his comm link. He’d pulled up a building map for ViXon Technologies mega storehouse, and technically one shouldn’t fly and battle strategize at the same time but since Tony had JARVIS to steer the suit and prevent him from crashing into the side of a building or getting sucked into the jet engine he figured he was safe enough multi-tasking.
“Hey there, Sleeping Beauty,” a tired voice called for her attention and then Tony was there leaning over her, his presence slotting some missing piece back into place and she sagged in relief, the fingers of sleep grasping at her. He should be on the cot beside her. He was blood stained, bruised and burned, but somehow he looked better for it. A dangerous beauty in the wildness of his look and smell. A rightness. There was something awake in him that hadn’t been before.
"But our boy Bruce here would go back under the questionable authority of whoever wins the ongoing custody battle between SHIELD and Ross and frankly Buddy I just can't have that."
“Okay. None of this explains why you and Steve are the only ones still seeing things you shouldn’t be seeing. We can’t just assume this is going to go away anymore.” Tony pressed, because it had to be said.
"If it was for profit they wouldn't have gone after damaged goods." Steve's eyes narrowed in censure and Natasha almost smiled. "Fact of life Rogers."
“I have heard that here in the west, it is not uncommon for lovers to refer to their partners this way. I didn’t think I’d like it, but please, continue changing my mind.”
“Mind explaining how a couple of teenage renegades from your country got their hands on Tony’s technology?” Steve snapped from Tony’s side and the tom’s gaze flickered over to the super soldier with cool regard.
Tony's heart is still in his hands when the other officer snatches Tony's journal from the hands of the young man who'd intervened before the thief had gotten away.
“Don’t you think it’s curious that right in the middle of historic peace negotiations, the Khrah pull a one eighty and murder him in his bed; or are you just too happy that this means we can keep selling weapons under the table to feed their decade long civil war to care?”
Pepper would have given her the infamous Pepper eye of disapproval but Tony kind of liked it. And the fact that she’d jerked her hands down as soon as the doors had opened, giving away the fact that she’d nearly been caught messing with it.
With a spin of his wheels that screamed huffiness the bot begrudgingly complied, gears whirring just loud enough to make his feelings on the matter known.
Steve sat by the tree and let his mind wander back to the past, reveling in the fact that he could even do that now without feeling hopelessly lost or depressed.
"Tonight." Steve clarified, stiffening his jaw and stepping toward him like he was taking command of a rowdy unit of troops. "I'd like to take you on a date tonight, is what I'm saying."
Tony was smiling down at him Peter realized as he looked up at the fel once more. There was something kind of sad in it, Peter thought, but mostly it was the quiet pride he noticed – because the sight of it made something hot and bright swell in his chest like a balloon. Blinking his eyes dry, Peter straightened up and held his head high.
“Is it too cold Miss Stark?” JOCASTA asked with a familiar note of concern.  JOCASTA, not unlike her predecessor FRIDAY, had always looked out for Nyota and the other kits.
For an achingly long moment he waited, wondering if she would offer him the truth or make him tear the choice away from her.
The room was suddenly awash with holographic images of a sandy shore, as the sound of waves filled all their ears. Steve was not the only one whose face registered shock and wide eyed amazement as the very realistic looking computer simulation took them from the beach through the streets of what looked like a pristine seaside town out of one of the science fiction magazines that Bucky used to devour.
when he is nothing and nobody. His broken body doesn’t understand that. The urge to protect his pride, his
“Jarvis enlarge this screen please.” She instructed, pointing to a shaky video of one of the thieves attacking an armed security officer. The video had been taken from the officer’s body cam, and Tony and the others watched silently as the officer fired at the back of one the thieves who was wielding some sort of pistol, only for the second thief to drop down suddenly between them. The officer cursed violently, yelping in surprised fright as the armored kat smacked his gun away and swept his feet out from under him. The officer crashed to the floor, and it was hard to see through the flailing of limbs and violent shaking of the camera but the kat appeared to pounce on him, gripping what appeared to be a small energy blade. A wakandian energy blade.
Tony blinked, pulled out of his dark thoughts by the sound of Helen’s voice. The fel had moved closer to the center of the screens alongside Bruce and was considering the displays with a focused frown.
As alarm shot through him, Tony realized it was her powerful vision that had interrupted their dreams and yanked them all from sleep.
Rhodey had offered to come with because he’s a good friend, but Tony had declined, privately grateful that nobody he cared about was going to be watching on while he faced all his old demons.
And yeah, okay, when he was willing to be honest with himself about it, it wasn't just because it was decent, or because it was expected. He might care a little bit. If only because Steve was a human being. Okay fine. There might be the tiniest bit of Tony that still remembered being very small running around in Cap footies. And even if the man failed to live up to all his dreams and said dreams died a fiery death when he realized that if Howard could have erased Tony's filling and colored him in with all that made Steve, Steve ,he would have before Tony drew his first breath, Steve still doesn't deserve the shit hand he's been dealt or to go it alone in a crowd.
“Volstags.” Thor corrected the boy with a jiggle, frowning with a censure he did not truly feel that made the kit on his shoulders giggle. “If you offend them, they may not bestow any gifts upon you.”
“I heard doctor. Who needs a doctor?” Pepper called from the other side of the room and Tony hollered back with a bright grin.
“How?” Clint blurted the million-dollar question and Tony clenched his hands on the edge of the empty chair he stood behind, eyes fixated on the holo-screen JARVIS had erected on the common room ceiling.
Between Thing One and Thing Two exploding, Steve had been caught with less cover, and had some intense burns to show for it. The serum meant he was healing faster than the average human and truthfully faster than Clint was, but even Steve’s body had to take some time.
Sure enough, Steve scowled. A second later a checker was flying across the room to bounce off his shoulder and Tony broke into laughter.
“Till the end of the line?” she was happy her tone at least sounded snide, but his little smile told here he saw through her anyway.
“There you go. A new future lies before us.” Nyota waved her wrench expansively with a smirk. “We just need to make sure the track we’re on leads to a future where we’re born and our parents are better prepared for the incursions.”
Clint's tail brushed Tony's face rather rudely as the tom shimmied past him to reach Natasha, who was curled in the center of the bed in a tiny ball, shivering and hollow eyed in a way that Tony had never seen before.
“Before Extremis I would have said no… I’ve not had the healthiest adult life, and when I was a teen I, well I took some drugs that really messed things up.”
He’d never known Bucky Barnes, but from Steve’s memories of him, Tony thought Barnes might understand what being Pride meant and want that for himself just as badly as Tony did.
He tried to quiet his mind and sink into the mechanical hum, rifling past the input of every random machine in a twenty foot radius and tap into just the connections he wanted.
"We don't get a lot of folks coming in for the wet stuff much anymore, you’re a lucky kitten." Mr. Allen says. The milk’s not just for him. It's so Ma can bake without using the powdered stuff, but the kit can admit his mouth waters at the sight of the jugs that old Mr. Allen places in his crate.
They climb in the back of the jeep. The desert sun blazes above them and all they can think about is how they can’t wait to get back into the air conditioning and away from the puppy dog looks of adoration these soldiers are giving them as they gather the courage to ask for a selfie.
"Tonight. Hemdel should be opening the Bifröst shortly." came Thor's cheerful reply and Tony nearly fell over, turning so fast.
“Tony…” Steve’s voice sounded like sandpaper and Tony swallowed but refused to back down now. No running away for either of them. Who gave a fuck what anyone else thought? He and Steve were their own people and if they wanted this- if Steve wanted
Nyota’s eyes swiveled back on the screen, her heart pumping with anticipation now that Amory had found evidence of Gata on the planet. There had been no Nyota Stark on Earth 1204, because Tony Stark and T’Challa had not been born without the Gata gene and they hadn’t been mated in that universe. In fact the T’Challa of that universe had been married to a mutant woman and Tony had been with Aunt Pepper. It had hurt more than she ever realized it would to be so close to her parents and yet still be so far.
Tony on the other hand is a bit of a train wreck (most days) and this morning was no exception, but if he could go back to just thirty minutes ago - when he’d been choking on his bacon with laughter at the mental image of Liberty Hen, and Steve was getting him back for poking fun with a peculiar but A-Okay form of punishment that involved pinning Tony to the bed and kissing him breathless - he would.
Dad wasn’t half the distracted genius that he pretended to be. He’d notice any cracks in her cover, any oddities or stupid missteps like a young woman not up to date on the latest pop trends, or unfamiliar with the fact that unless she was covered up, a fel couldn’t get on stage and sing about anything of substance. People liked their kittens bubble gum bright, covered in body glitter, doing their best imitation of morons stuck in perpetual infancy – with an extra flimsy miniskirt on the side, please and thanks (because dirty mother fuckers).
to stop them no matter what, before they hurt people and that was all there was to it. But where would they go and how would they plan to escape with the building surrounded? He didn’t know. He didn’t know enough about his adversary to calculate their next move he realized, and without even questioning it he reached.
For the record, it did what it’s designed to do. In one area at least. The fel woman scrambles away from her attacker with terrified whimpers (yay) but to Clint’s surprise the guy didn’t scream, or fall over, or do anything else a person normally does when they’ve been shot through the shoulder.
"Are you trying to win something or are you naturally this stupid?" Tony sneers and he can hear Yinsen release a small moan of dismay. With more assurance than he feels, Tony stares the police officer down, whose lip has curled into a snarl.
Only there had been this kid. No older than nine and being sold for god only knows what, and of all things (picture it) he's wearing a Captain America T-Shirt.
A voice taunted cruelly in the back of his mind as Steve, Mr. Take Action himself, slid a hand under Tony and lifted him from the car like he weighed next to nothing. He probably didn’t, Tony’s brain supplied sluggishly. Not to Captain America. Which was really hot. Or maybe Tony was just kind of hot all over it was hard to tell what was attraction and what was biology screaming at him to breed.
"Can I get a copy of Space Odyssey please, for my boy?" he chirps, all innocence, twinkling eyes, and fluttering eyelashes. Kat’s can read now, so he probably didn’t need to tell Mr. Allen the book was for his boy, but people get funny when they know you’ve had some schooling. It’s safer all around if everybody thinks you’re just some dumb kitten.
We're about to dip into IM3 territory here, and I think you'll enjoy the changes. Tony has some lessons to learn about trust and maybe we'll get there without him inviting a terrorist to blow up his house (but it's Tony so no promises).  Next chapter we'll get more POV from Clint and learn a few more things about his past, like why Fury sent him into spy instead of Natasha and what came of it. And of course there is Luke.  Hmmmm. I wonder what his role in all of this is?  ;)
“You figure out how you’re going to replace the controller you broke yet Minion?” the tom called out. Clint’s pet names for the kid included minion, Igorling, and mini-me. All not that clever (in Tony’s opinion) pokes at how the kid followed Tony around, because Clint was a giant child. Which of course meant the two got on well. Harley spared a moment to turn his head and stick out his tongue at the tom.
When Aunt May had come bursting into his room Peter had to choose between scrambling to hide his web shooters or the giant purpling bruise snaking up his right shoulder.
The tom straightened up once more and Steve took in the long wicked curve of the claws on his hands and feet. Tony and the others couldn’t get their claws to come out that long or that thick, Steve filed away in the back of his mind, but he’d seen T’Challa’s body guards do it as well.
Phil had given him the details, the research (what little there was of it) and had asked Clint what he thought.
He’d never seen Natasha looking so done in. It wasn’t helping his panic any or the sharp twist of guilt in his gut as he felt realizing that she’d placed herself at risk for him and if she died it would be –
“Maybe one day you find a mate. Hell, maybe this dance you and Steve are doing leads to something deeper and we’re one big happy poly family. Maybe we have some kits and if you’re lucky you’ll be as tightly bonded with four or five other people as you are to me. But me, I’ll be bonded to fifty other people if we just start with the shelter kats. Do you ever stop and ask yourself what that means?
How could she not know that? They could change the past and save the future for some other versions of them, but the sticky reality of it was it wouldn’t be
Tony stopped, eyes flicking to the medic who was staring intently at Tony's mouth where he was prepared to shovel more yogurt. He was tempted to feel self conscious  at the intense regard in those brown eyes, and they were brown, despite how dark they had looked that night at the shelter, reminding him of the black vastness of space. Here in the kitchen with the sunlight splashing over them it was easier to see the layers of deep maroon in their depths and the flecks of burnt gold near the iris that seemed to glow brighter and brighter the longer that Tony looked at them.
But whatever. People were assholes. What else was new? Normal healthy Gata liked to play. Tony could be a normal healthy adult instead of a basket of issues for five seconds.
"Aye, it is a wedding tradition among the Kǫtrdýr to hunt for the Benu... it is like a type of bird, native of their homeworld Múspell. I believe our sorcerers have worked diligently to open up a window between our great forests and attract some of the beasts inside."
When Tony woke it was daylight, the sun filtering in through the dirty windows of the barn. For a moment, he just lay still watching his breath plume in the air above him as he took stock of the situation. He felt like day old dog shit, but considering what his body had been forced to undergo he didn’t feel nearly as bad as he knew he should. It was because Natasha had been in his head, Tony realized with a lump forming in his throat. She’d shouldered half the pain and talked him through every second of agony.
He supposed that with his packmate and his partner’s mental health on the line it would be beyond petty to let centuries of Alurian medical knowledge go to waste over a little thing like ego.
Chuckling to herself Natasha rolled her eyes, murmuring about how easy he was. And Steve was tempted to laugh, to forget his confusion and his pain and just allow himself to dwell in the comfort of her presence and the surprising softness of her scent, like clean cotton and the daisies his mother used to collect from the cast offs at the flowershop; but he needed to say it out loud. Wanted to.
And just like that the pieces began to snap together in his mind. That night before Christmas, before he and Steve had really decided to give things a go, Natasha had dreamed about one of Ivan’s kills. A General and his family. Tony hadn’t put it together with what was happening in Sokovia because he’d assumed like Natasha had that anything to do with Ivan had happened long ago in the past.
For Howard it meant that Tony was flawed. He'd wanted the biggest and strongest that the prides used to offer and instead he'd gotten the pride breeder.
He remembers quite clearly the pain of being crushed by Steve’s limp body over his and the panic that had coursed through him in the din of smoke and voices and with the smell of burning flesh thick in his nose, and Steve not moving.
“No,” he explained slowly and poignantly in that way he knew irritated her. “Because he’s just a kid and this is hard enough on everyone as it is. We’ve got to take care of each other and that means not being a dumbass and just asking for help when you need it.”
“I guess I’m just curious, how an alien beast made its way into African mythology is all.” Natasha shrugged.
"The place I have in mind is open late. So how about it? We can even catch burgers after. I know you like burgers."
"Milady," he greeted her with a short bow before rising to his full imposing height and gesturing proudly towards Tony and the others. "I present Queen Anthony Stark of Pride Avengers. They hail from the New City of York and they have come to pay honor to both our houses on the day of your son's marriage."
I am so sorry for the long delay guys. It's been a crazy couple of weeks for me. This is a two parter because the second part solely focuses on Tony's surgery and is much different in style. I'm polishing it up but I hope to get it out to you quickly. For those still reading this story thank you for your continued support and encouragement. My promise still stands, if you're here than I am here.
He'd gone deep under cover, starting with a fake name and a padded backstory on the steps of Maria's House. The backstory was the easy part because enough illegal breeding and selling of kats occurred on the black market that plenty of the shelter's residents had next to no paper trail.
"Tony I'm sorry for letting my worry get the better of me." Steve began again, confident this time as he slowly reached for Tony's hand and Tony allowed him to take it. "You've been careful with this and you've gone to people you trust for help who know way more about it than I do. So on this one I'm just gonna trust your judgment. I'll even hold your ice chips for you when you wake up."
But this is different somehow. It’s friend speaking to friend but there’s also something more running just under it. It’s tom to fel, Tony realized with a start. They were attracted to each other.
He paused, spotting Tony, taking in what he was doing. Tony waved with the hand currently not occupied with weakening the bolts holding up the floor.
Not for the first time Steve caught himself looking at Tony and thinking he was really something else. The things he'd made possible were amazing (he was amazing) and what he was doing here with these Gata... Steve was proud to be a part of it.
But the Bucky in the photo was nothing like that, and not much like the impossibly beautiful shade that the Benu had dragged out of Steve’s consciousness to torture him either. One look at the old black and white photo of a grinning Private Barnes in army fatigues, with one muscled arm thrown over an alarmingly skinnier version of Steve’s shoulder, had been enough for Tony to see the truth.
“Everything about this situation is odd.” Tony grumbled in reply, drumming his fingers restlessly against the table. His focus was on strengthening their security but that was hard to do when he still had, no idea how they broke in in the first place.
"Tony, can we... can we, try this?" Steve asked after a long moment, too blue eyes searching his with fearful hope and Tony closed his eyes because if he kept looking at the man he wouldn't use his head, and he definitely needed a moment to think.
"And what exactly about putting yourself and others at risk is so funny to you?" Steve demanded to know.
They were pumping the BX-serum into Tony, the sight made all the more disturbing by the bright crimson red color of the serum, making it appear as if blood was flowing out of Tony’s body in all directions.
“Oh you bet I’ll be calling the police, you vile creature. How dare you come into my house! Put down my purse this minute- oof!” Her tirade fell off when Tony, having located her cellphone shoved the purse into her chest as requested and Harley came running back into the room, brandishing an eyeglass repair kit.
Light leaked through the fog and Tony was suddenly standing in a chamber, warm firelight bouncing off the bricks outside the pavilion, the light leaking through the silk that fluttered between the vine covered columns. The air was thick with incense and the low murmur of voices. The crowd gathered around a woman sitting in a painted chair in the center of the pavilion, holding her down and encouraging her as she grunted and groaned, struggling for breath. The lamps set the sweat that covered her dark skin till it gleamed like polished ebony. Her quivering hands clutched the swell of her pregnant belly as pain shuddered through her and she cried out. Beside her a man murmured unintelligible words of encouragement, and pressed a kiss into the wet strands of her white hair.
Yeah the damn virus. He could tell with only a sweeping glance that he was more fit than he’d ever been, the familiar aches and scars earned in a lifetime absent, replaced by a foreboding sort of thrumming in his blood stream, a hum at the back of his mind as his brain tickled and sparked on the verge of… something. Hopefully not an explosion.
“Until this whole free nation thing becomes a reality anyone living there will officially be residents of the state of Massachusetts. You might prefer indentured servitude.” Darren replied with a shudder, and this time when Tony laughed it was genuine.
“Sir? I feel I must remind you that Prince T’Challa advised that you take bonding slowly.” JARVIS, the worlds biggest mother hen chose that moment to rain on his parade. Tony made a face.
Few things in Tony’s life have ever inspired true awe, and even fewer people have managed it. Jacob Yinsen is one of them.
"Don't have to, Rogers. You gave a shit, and you tried. I can count the people in my life who have tried for me on one hand Steve, on one hand, and you bet your ass they don’t always get it right either but they mean everything. Pepper, Rhodey, Happy they're absolutely everything to me. I wouldn't be here without them. That's how I know he didn't blame you.”
He can tell that she is serious again, thinking on his punishment as she says, “But you must learn caution if you are to lead our people, and your father is wise. It matters little who wears the crown. You are part of this family and thus the responsibility of leadership will come to you. One way or another.”
"He didn't fall, he jumped. Most heroically I might add." Thor amended and the look Fury threw him could have curdled milk.
“Well I don’t exactly look like a lady right now either Jo,” she grumbled, her ears twitching toward the sound of the doors sliding open behind her. She twisted in the pilot’s chair to watch as Jamie appeared on the flight deck, his brown hair still mussed from sleep but his blue eyes keen as they landed on her. Jaime was an even bigger mother hen than JOCASTA and he thought just because he was the oldest at twenty that it was his job to take care of everybody. Especially her. Jamie had been trying to boss her around since the day she was born.
“You’re right. Let’s go home Tony,” Steve rasped through a tight throat and Tony shuddered in relief as he felt Steve’s presence seem to get bigger all around him, and with it came a feeling of strength and safety like being drawn into trusted arms. Needing no further prompting he sank into the vicious nest of nightmare visions that were his teammate’s brains, sure now that he was tethered to something strong enough to keep him from getting swept away.
But there was little to do now but have faith in them all, to be the men and women he knew they could be, the ones he was proud to fight beside. The ones he'd stand against his own father to defend. They deserved to take back what was stolen from them.
“I only met your brother briefly on my way out the window,” Tony quipped, scraping the last bits of sauce from the sides of his bowl noisily. “But he seems like kind of a shit starter. Spending an afternoon knee deep in stag shit actually sounds fairly fitting. Go Thor’s mom.”
“Is there nothing you want this Christmas Tony?” Thor asked gently and something flashed through Tony’s eyes. It was quick, almost mercurial, a fleeting glimpse of deep yearning leaching into a bleak resignation.
Then suddenly she flicked the object in her hand, revealing the object as some sort of switch knife, a ferocious flame burning in her eyes. Tony flinched away until he realized she wasn't looking at him but just past him, where he couldn't see no matter how he turned his head.
Emotions got overwhelming (too much too often) and sometimes you just needed to lose yourself in something or somebody else. That didn’t make it less. Not to Tony, not by a longshot.
He doesn’t have to push, but if he doesn’t… what happens to the Harleys, the Natasha’s, the Bruces, the Clints… who are coming after them?
Bucky had been a Queen like Tony. Steve still didn’t completely understand the full implications of that any more than Tony or Fury did for that matter; but he knew what his feelings meant. He knew what he’d have done if there was any way to go back. But there wasn’t, and more than anything Steve just wanted to do right by his memory. He couldn’t do that if he was too broken to function. Which was what made the whole thing so frustrating. Until that night on the roof.
This boy is their son. They still can’t believe they get to have any of this, let alone something so terribly precious. They’re still waiting for someone to take it away.
“Don’t tell anyone.” Peter repeated, because it was clear that Tony knew everything. Had known it all along. “I’ll do whatever you want.”
"Tony look out!" Steve's voice burst suddenly within the room and Tony had a split second to process the warning as the kat threw the silver disk back at him like an Olympian frisbee player.  He’d just accepted the fact that there was no time to deflect it and braced himself for the hit when he was suddenly yanked from behind and out of the way.
Tony had hated them almost as much as the old man had, but kat shows were a popular past-time in the elite and good venues to rub elbows with other big-wigs, so Howard had entered Tony almost as a matter of course.
“No it’s not.” Amory spoke up from his work station. While Nyota was focused on the complicated process of weapons restock, he was surrounded by blue holo-screens, burrowing deep into several private servers (including government ones) continuing the delicate process of weaving identities for them. But he'd looked up from his work his gentle brown eyes meeting hers with sympathy, and even worse, understanding.
“Definition?” Natasha asked, passing on her way to the fridge, the tiny silver bells strung through her hair jingling as she walked. In her red and white fur lined coat, white body suit, and slinky thigh high’s, she made for a very battle ready Mrs. Clause; and Tony was pretty sure those were miniature flash grenades nestled in with the bells in her hair, but hey. Festive!
“Yeah, you are.” Steve smiled at him, it was full of pain, but pride and admiration too. Gratefulness. Tony leaned into him, let the taller man wrap his arms around him.
“But to some people, you and I are just animals. We’re not people enough to make the choice between right and wrong and when it’s necessary to fight to save ourselves or others.”
“Focus bambino,” Mama says, batting their reaching fingers away from the locket. She is tense today, her scent sour in their nose.
“Never could stand those places. Some of the guys in our unit would go. I tried not to think too harshly of them...it can get lonely out there. I knew guys who didn’t even pay for the sex, they just wanted to lay their head somewhere that wasn’t on the ground and imagine they were home. But Bucky…” Tony watched as Steve faltered, the words sticking in his throat.
Tony fluttered his eyelashes in Senator Stern’s direction who was leading the nervous titter of laughter from those close enough to hear before turning back to T’Challa with a pointed sniff.
“Tony! Can you hear me?” he demanded and Tony could feel how close he was to hulking out in his panic and forced himself to think past his screaming headache and answer.
It occurred to Tony then that Steve might just be as uncertain as he was, just as nervous to be going out on a date with
The brat pack was all present and accounted for. Anya was helping Kate serve the food. Billy was sitting with her brother Teddy like usual and Billy’s twin brother Tommy was zipping around the table, snagging food off the serving dishes before they even made it around the table and generally being a pest. Anya hit him with a spatula and he finally sat down. Billy looked like he hadn’t slept and wasn’t saying much and Teddy kept shooting him these concerned glances.
“No. Came to collect you actually. We’ve got a date with a foreign dignitary remember?” Tony answered once he’d pulled away.
“Aye,” Thor grumbled, worry for MiKall twisting in his stomach. “Though my mother loves her as her own and anyone should be honored to align themselves with the house of Odin… the Kǫtrdýr do not approve of mixing blood. Not all compatible species create offspring capable of bonding and this is highly undesirable. A kit unable to connect with the Pride is an abominable thought to the Kǫtrdýr. It comes with much stigma”
The team was there, along with Pepper and Rhodey though the latter two had stepped out to handle something to do with the ongoing crisis following the attack on OSCORP. Jena had tried to get Harley to go back downstairs but the kit had been adamant in his desire to stay in the waiting room with everyone else. The two were curled up on a chair, Jena stroking the kits head gently while his eyes tracked Tony’s every twitch.
He nodded toward where Tony was still entertaining a rapt crowd of important persons, including Prince T’Challa. They all looked to be laughing at something Tony had said, but Tony wasn’t looking at any of them. Steve started when he realized that Tony’s eyes had sought him through the crowd and he felt his lips stretch into a smile as their gazes met.
“That seems best. I’m the worst with the details. Without Pepper I’d forget to show up. You know? Speaking of which there’s this thing I’ve gotta get done if I’m going to be on time.” Tony jerked his thumb towards the door as he backed toward it. Pepper narrowed her eyes at him suspiciously.  “Should probably throw on a clean shirt while I’m at it, hit the suds real hard, so great practice guys! Lets do this again, really. Real soon.”
They were calling it Oversight Protocol, borrowed aptly from a controversial piece of legislation that Tony had paid good money to keep suppressed, but was now being rushed through the House of Representatives. Stand Up Humanity was behind Project Oversight, and Simon Trask their pet expert had become the face of it. He’d appeared on more news junkets and on more chat show couches in the last twelve months than Tony or Pepper could possibly hope to combat, peddling the same message each time.
“Truly? I am thinking bigger than just rebuilding a facility.” Tony began, reaching for his own tablet to command the holo-screen and bring up the designs he’d been working on. “Think rehabilitation community. That’s how we’re going to get it under their radar Darren, a fancy place for society to toss their broken-down toys where they’ll live out the rest of their days in comfort relearning how not to flinch at every sound.
It might even be enough to give him some sort of control over the other guy. He didn't dare even think of completely eradicating Hulk (it tended to make him angry) but with such a strong network of stabilizing connections in his brain, it was more than possible that he'd gain more control.
"You'll find that I can." Tony snapped coldly, and Ty flinched back. It was the only small bit of satisfaction that Tony was allowed because he didn't believe the agonized expression that flashed through the tom's eyes. Not one damn bit. But there was a tiny, weak, part of Tony that still wanted to. God how pathetic could he be?
His earliest memories are hard to process. They are strangely painted, often distorted, impressions of sights, sounds and smells, through the perception of an undeveloped consciousness experiencing fear and discomfort for the first time.
He had vowed he'd never wear a collar again after Howard. The Ten Rings and many others had tried to prove him wrong (put him in his place) and though they'd given it their best shot they'd all failed. Tony had sent them to a fiery grave.
The anger that had been quietly simmering within Tony since they'd arrived hiked up a notch. He could deal with being talked at like he was in nappies. That wasn't any different from the same old bullshit he got back home. But if this woman thought he'd come all this way just to be ignored she had another think coming. Because now that Tony had seen how their armor worked he knew they had the answers he was looking for. If he could just get a few samples he was sure he could figure out the rest from there.
“Yeah,” Steve had answered, the fight draining out of him. What had once filled him with so much pride and a sense of accomplishment now felt hollow. “Still have to do the paperwork, but it’s done. We got the contract.”
“I ought to sack the lot of them! It’s ungrateful is what it is.” Hughard barks from the corner, the ice in his glass chinking as he gestures violently. Some of his drink spills onto the floor but he doesn’t appear to notice. Tony doesn’t say anything. He knows better than to draw his father’s attention when he gets like this.
The door clicked shut behind her and somehow the room seemed colder for it along with the emptiness. Steve thought about everything she’d said. Maybe she had a point. What was the good in telling Tony about his suspicions. It wouldn’t change anything, except maybe Tony’s confidence in their future. Steve didn’t want to crush his hopes… but the longer he sat there mulling over it the more certain he became.
The humming inside the little disc died out and it was still once more, going cool in his hand. Tony shoved his curiosity over the shields strange behavior to the back of his mind, in favor of soothing the panicked young fel he’d scared half to death.
I am so sorry for the delay. Been super busy as well as stressed with everything going on right now and needed some time to regroup. But have a double sized chapter early for your patience! I needed the relaxation of writing so I finally got back to it. Stay encouraged friends.
In two short years, this will be gone. War will rip apart the country, Rhodey will enlist, Tony's parents will be dead and Tony will be locked behind the walls of a monastery to be forgotten. No one left who cares enough to remember him.
“Stark are you there? Ironman do you copy?” Steve was still trying on the comm and Clint was resolutely thinking only of the battle ahead and not of the multitude of things that could go wrong before they reached the private facility in upstate New York.
"So you see Tony, the Benu has always been a great enemy of the Alurio. If half of the stories I was raised on have any truth, I would advise you not to do as you are planning." Luke finished his story and Tony fought not to let his shock show, his eyes flying around the room to connect briefly with his teammates who wore (he was sure) similarly bewildered expressions.
Tony was never going to admit it out loud but T’Challa’s warm spicy scent and solid grip on his hand made the anxiety climbing inside him recede. Ugh. Look at him
“No, I get it. You’re right, it seems a little feudal to me,” Tony admitted with a wan smile. “But go on. I’m tracking.”
"I asked Isiah and he told me that if I'm my mother’s son, then I'm a Jew. If I am my father’s son then god help me." Tony snickers into his hands because the expression that had been on Uncle Isiah's face still makes him laugh. Over by the stove Ana chuckles and Jarvis clicks his tongue in disapproval at them both.
Tony turned toward the four-foot eleven inch problem on his hands, and if his tail swatted Steve in the ass with the motion it was purely by accident.
“Of course, you are quite young. You might not know. That is alright. There is no shame in the searching Antony. That is why it is so important that I as your teacher ask what questions are stirring here…" he points to his temple, and then once more to the center of Tony's chest. “…and here. And perhaps as we explore them, you will discover what it is you are here for.”
The ground is shaking as the room continues to warp in and out. Tony brings his hands up, heart racing as he deflects the rapid slashes of the soldier’s knives. Steve and Natasha are there, under his skin, and he’s never more thankful for that as Natasha provides him with the skill he needs to block each strike with the armlets he wears, and Steve’s strength courses through his arms and keeps them steady as each forceful blow sends pain traveling up them and into his teeth.
“That was rescheduled for the end of the week,” Pepper pointed out sweetly, the traitor. “I put it on your calendar.”
“Gross, Barton, and remind me never to put you in charge of diplomatic relations.” Tony wrinkled his nose at the blond tom and Steve laughed as Clint nodded sagely in return muttering something about his work there being done.
"I thought you said that was the Romans." Natasha pointed out, lips twitching toward a smile and Thor grinned.
But beating the point to death wasn’t why he’d asked her there or even something he was interested in really. He didn’t think Jena Keener was a bad person, or even a bad mother. He truly believed she’d done the best job she’d known how to do; but that was it wasn’t it? Jena Keener couldn’t know the struggles that Harley had ahead him and she couldn’t path the way for him the way that Tony and the Avengers could.
"I'm shocked and appalled at how open that leaves you to making out with Fury. Help, I need brain bleach, I need -"
“Bucky survived the fall.” Steve reiterated hoarsely, probably just needing to say the words in order to believe them and Tony nodded.
“Take it easy Banner, you’re not making any sense,” Anya said as the older teen slid to a stop not far from her, nearly colliding into the table. But she tilted her head upward at the exact same moment that the others did as JOCASTA began projecting what looked like the same clip on a holo-screen above them.
“What to take notes?” Clint scoffed. “You don’t care what any of those old windbags are saying anyway. And you don’t read any of the briefings, so why should I waste my time putting them together when we could both be doing something much more fun?”
"So it was your call." Fury rounded on Steve in a way that suggested he'd found someone to blame and that's all he cared about, and Tony bristled but Steve wasn't exactly a wilting flower. He met Fury's hard stare with one of his own and answered with a stubborn set to his jaw.
"It's unusual for terrorists not to leave a calling card. They are by nature exhibitionists, but these guys attacked under the cover of dark and have covered their tracks."
“I know. I know it’s impossible. I know I promised Tony we’d move forward together, but… Natasha look at him, tell me you don’t see it? I saw that boy and it was like going back in time, only instead of calling my name he was calling me Daddy.”
They come to him in turns, and he follows them, draws strength in the middle of their happiest memories until they tire and another has to take their place.
"Now who is selling himself short? I know how hard it is to do what you've done and never get the recognition you deserve." Tony shrugged, self-consciously, looking away to fiddle with some dials on the console that really didn't need fiddling with. "And I wasn't kidding about the paranoia thing. I'd have looked you up either way... I don't trust easy."
“I don’t think even you could finish a blow job before Happy gets here with the car.” Natasha quipped, examining the painted tips of her nails.
So far things were going exactly to plan. The mall was full with weekend shoppers. Nobody was paying any attention to Bucky and his companions as they window shopped and loitered around the Apple store.
He didn't want them either, Tony realized slowly. He didn't want to walk away from this without knowing where it could have gone.
And it felt a lot like being wounded. Like he’d been stabbed in the chest and instead of getting stitched up he was trying to walk around like nothing had happened, losing blood with every step but nobody but him could see the gaping hole in his chest.
It was cold. Natasha had stopped being able to feel the pain in her knee awhile ago, and she knew the numbness that had stolen through her body and the sleepiness that now dogged each passing minute were not good signs.
How did it feel? Worse than if Barnes had been successful in shooting Tony himself. Like watching his heart ripped out of his chest, his world crumbling into the pit left behind it, all the while a terrible wrath breathed fire within him like a dragon.
The waves come, another rush of pain that seems unbearable. They hold on to each other and vow not to break.
“You were bonded with Barnes. And now you want to bond with me- ” Tony began and Steve gripped him tighter, pulled him closer and interjected, like Tony was trying to say they should just forget it.
Wakanda might have the resources to create highly advanced weaponry the world couldn’t yet beat, but they didn’t have Tony Stark, and that was a big chip on the Avengers side of the pile.
The brain utilized a unique blend of serial as well as parallel processes to perform those sequences, the complexities of which were only augmented by the transmission and transformation of signals from the amygdala (the emotional center of the brain).
They were going to lose Tony realized, if they didn’t change their strategy. Not once had any of team Wakanda attempted to go after their flagbearer. They attacked a single target as a group, dividing and scattering only when needed to come back again in full force like a relentless tide. How did the manage such unified silent cohesion? Pack hunting, it clicked suddenly in Tony’s head. The Avengers were a team, but they relied heavily on the individual strengths and skills of each member. These people, they learned to hunt as a symbiotic group following a strict chain of command. If Tony took out the head, the next in line would just take his place. No, the answer was to weaken the body, and not by utilizing the same methods of attack. The opposite actually. Do the thing they’d never do.
"Working actually. Catching up." Bruce murmured in reply as he got the kettle off the hook and crossed to the sink in order to fill it. Smiling a bit, he explained further even though Steve hadn't asked and probably didn’t need the details. "Tony's been extra distracting lately."
It had been a light strike but Luke took the hint and rolled to the side and something in Tony couldn't help but uncoil with relief.
When Tony made it to the roof Rogers didn’t appear to have moved any from the spot Thor had told him he'd be. He was still standing at the edge of the rooftop, his elbows braced against the edge staring out at the great city with a rather disturbingly unblinking gaze.
Tony's words were met with gratifying silence and his mouth spread in a victorious grin. One point Stark. Though honestly, if the guy still excepted Tony to assume he was from around here he shouldn't have brought his toys to the party.
But the memory of the man is tumescent. It’s bloated and sick in Tony’s head and it supersedes everything else. Taints everything else. Even the memory of his mother.
When Steve walked into the living room of the common floor, freshly showered and in his baby blue button down and Pepper approved khakis, Tony had to remind himself again. Steve was a knotted sweater away from looking like some Ivy league Douchebag, but damn if didn’t make it look good and that flicker of relief he could never quite hide whenever his eyes landed on Tony (like he was afraid that in the time they’d been apart, something might have changed) it never got old.
Steve’s stomach churned, his fist tightening around his fork as down the table General Ross drew everyone’s attention toward the head, loudly proclaiming that he couldn’t have said it better himself.
"Too early to know." She answered with a small shrug. "It's easy to see why they'd have a vested interest in pulling Stark away from Pepper. They could force him to make weapons again."
He expected Phil to ignore his griping (the way he usually did) seeing as Clint had already dressed and armed himself by that point. But Phil leveled him with this look, the perfectly stoic expression Clint knew Agent Coulson wore when he was about to deliver bad news to somebody, devoid of all personal empathy, and Clint knew it was going to be a bad morning.
“But what if they take you away? What if she sells me like she said she would.” he asked in a meek voice that actually might have hurt Tony’s heart to hear but it was hard to tell in his current condition.
"I've been scanning Sir, there was a small blip a few moments ago but it is difficult to say whether or not it was an error caused by the hit that compromised the suit."
“I don’t think we could save them that way even if we could get there, and even if we could we’d just be running from incursions until there wasn’t anywhere to run anymore. We could spend the rest of our lives running or we could do what we have to, to stop the incursion from ever happening altogether.”
There was nothing slow or gentle about it now. He bit at Tony’s lips like they need chastisement and his tongue invaded Tony’s mouth in a demand for surrender that made Tony’s knees feel week. This was different from everything else they’ve done before. Steve’s hands were everywhere, dragging over Tony’s skin like Steve had to touch all of him to be sure nothing had changed, like he was trying to leave not even an inch of him unmarked in some way. His touch against Tony’s sensitive skin was almost too rough.  He was going to leave bruises Tony realizes but honestly that kind of made him want it more.
The problem is Tony. The problem is that while future him seems undeniably happy he can’t deny there’s something not quite right about the way that whole scene had played out. He’s seeing it all differently now, as if someone has applied a colored filter and there’s no going back. He has this sneaking suspicion that he can’t shake but that he isn’t going to give voice to. It’s just there. This sense of wrongness. This mystery he could unravel (except he won’t).
Their neighbors are farmers whom Mama pays well for their prized meat and produce, so they don't mind that Tony likes to wander their fields and vineyards when he escapes his governess and the mind numbing boredom of his lessons with Herr Vonkov. Jarvis scolds him for skipping out on lessons but he is never overly cross with him. Not like Hughard is whenever one of the people hired to see to him goes packing.
“And they have horns on top of their head that can crush armor! And he says they’re magical, like unicorns, and that if you leave food for one and it comes to your house it will grant your wishes; but they usually only show themselves at Christmas.”
“I know why you didn’t.” She’d said, fierceness waring with sadness. “Screw Norman Osborne. You let me handle him. I still think that Tony Stark is kind of a jerk. I get he’s up against a lot but a jerk is a jerk and you know how I feel about that; but if this is what you want baby then you should go for it. Don’t let anyone stop you from reaching a dream. Especially not Norman Osborne of all assholes. And don’t say asshole.”
They were stabilizing one another, and it was early days yet, but Bruce was fairly certain that introducing a true pride bond would only increase that stabilizing effect by exponential amounts.
He doesn’t know why, but it finally works. The chaos quiets, the fractured memories fading and Tony’s voice cutting off abruptly and his head finally going all the way quiet. Ivan blinks the haze from his mind and refocuses on his surroundings just in time to read the armored kat’s body language and predict it when he shoots some sort of energy blast from his gauntlets.
Tony made a face, whiskers twitching with distaste. And because Steve was an asshole Tony heard his thoughts loud and clear when he smiled, thinking about how
T’Challa and his three body-gaurds on the other hand had stripped down to their underclothes and were only outfitted in what small manner of weaponry they’d been keeping concealed on their persons. And yet T’Challa seemed at ease, as if Princes were seen in their long-johns every day.
“Thanks kid, you’ve been a big help.” Tony took the bag from him and began loading it up with the supplies they’d gathered. Zipping it up once more he hefted it easily onto his back, surprised by how light it was. “But I want you to stay here until your mom gets home. Don’t open the door for anybody but her. You understand?”
She had managed to tuck her tail somewhere out of sight so perfectly in that form hugging number that it had Tony's eyebrows raising in alarm. Ouch.
"It's bearable on my own... Sometimes I invite some fel to stay the week and I even enjoy it, but I can't do that with you. I know how it goes for us. We're bred but we're not parents. Our children are gifts for our masters. We don't get a say in how they're raised or where they're sold.
Harley barely slowed down as he darted into the Avengers living room toward the couch where Tony sat, in the middle of snarking through a Star Trek rerun with the rest of the team. Even Coulson had found a minute for a breather, and Clint was curled up contently in the man’s lap. At the sight of the boy and his still timid looking mother following behind him he had the grace to shift a bit so his position was a little bit less intimate.
“How does she do it?” Tony mused thoughtfully, ears twitching. “That woman is scary good sometimes.”
Clint and Luke were playing one of Clint’s video games (one of the Ninja ones that he liked because he said they were old school) and Bruce was in an armchair pouring reading something with Japanese writing plastered on the front (Steve had no idea he knew how to read Japanese) while he sipped from an oversized mug.
When he got to the lab he was surprised not to hear loud music pouring from within. That was what Tony usually did when he wanted to drown out the rest of the world. But no, it was quiet and still outside the doors and when he inquired with JARVIS whether Tony was still inside or not the A.I. confirmed that he was.
Five minutes out he heard Cap’s voice come online for the first time, but when Steve ordered him to hold back he couldn’t do it, because Tony could see the facility now, the alarms blaring, the gas heavy in the air as it fogs windows and those guys in their stupid yellow suits crawling through it like insects, rounding up frightened residents and staff members alike.
He saw the way she kept glowing brighter, how she felt hotter under his hands, and he remembers the way she smelled in his nose, thick and putrid; but none of it, not even the warning pulse that emanates from deep within her body, could have stopped him.
"It's not a big deal Stark," Clint said, rolling his shoulders to release the tension in them and Tony narrowed his eyes and set the wrench in his hand down with a clink.
The option to retrieve it and blow the dust off is always there. For instance, he has no trouble recalling that barrette in his mother’s hair the day he was born, as well as the overwhelming cacophony of loud breathes and booming voices that had assaulted him from all angles and made him numb with his very first recognizable emotion. Gutless terror.
, but questionable fashion sense aside at least he had working air conditioning. The guy rolled his window down letting out a blast of cool air.
As it turned out, A.I.M. had another trick up its sleeve. Because now that Killian is dead some quack calling itself (Tony didn't think the giant head with toothpick legs is really a person anymore, if it ever was one) M.O.D.O.K appears to be running things and the guy packed a punch.
"Airman Wilson. You served in the F.A.L.C.O.N. unit?" Tony asked, apparently recognizing the name from somewhere. Steve definitely recognized the name FALCON, from when Clint had tested out that new wingpack Tony was working on. So Tony had been involved in the program that had recruited Sam. Now he felt even worse for how he’d reacted earlier.
A moment later Tony felt the tell tale pressure on his whiskers, just before someone loomed over him to press a hand against the small of his back. He went stiff, adrenaline spiking through him, and told himself that if it was an assassin pressed to his back Natasha would have done a lot more than mutter a warning.
One minute the car had been moving smoothly down the mostly empty mountain highway and the next Happy was calling back from the driver’s seat that something was going on ahead of them.
They’re older now, older than they know they are right at this moment, but they’re someplace full of sun and bright colors that somehow makes everything look and feel younger.
As far as pairings go I'm keeping the team bond a primary focus, and emphasizing the fact that pride bonds are extremely intimate while being innately polyamorous. Which should be interesting because so much of our literary rhetoric focuses on the idea of one all consuming love that completes you, and I think in reality life is a much more communal experience and humans have a great capacity for love and connection that we stifle.
Last night is a good option. Last night when Bruce hadn’t been standing in the middle of the room making him think about life altering shit, because even if he had been Tony wouldn’t have had a single brain cell to pay him any mind.
"Sorry." he mumbled, remembering what he’d been thinking about before Sam and Rhodes had interrupted. "I'm still getting used to this whole mating thing."
Strangely, he was never more glad to have been wrong. Maybe it was the eyes, but at the first sight of her something inside Tony he had never even known was missing clicked into place.
Andre perked up as she entered, his tail twitching on the floor and Tony tensed, a growl building in the back of his throat. He couldn’t help the surge of protectiveness he felt. Princess was an intelligent young woman, but she was still an impressionably young fel from a very sheltered background. Andre was a pampered pedigree tom who knew his mommy would pay his way out of any unsavory incidents his tom-kating caused.
“Yes.” The prince quickly rallied himself together. “His second wife is always chosen from among the thirteen tribes. Sometimes he chooses a third wife if he is unable to sire a male child with the second.”
“I trust you.” Steve said, and Tony breathed a small sigh of relief. He was still anxious, still so wary of opening the Pandora’s box set before them, but it gave him courage to know that Steve was with him, and trusted him to do his best to help bring them closer and to bring Bucky back.
Tony is unprepared for the way that the soldier comes for him with brute strength and furious strength, reining blow after furious blow down upon him that he can barely keep up. He stumbles backward, fighting to keep up, but he’s being battered like a ram and he knows it.
Two, JARVIS noticed a blip and Tony trusted the math; he'd run the numbers and knew the probabilities.
He doesn't even look at her. He can't know that in minutes she'll be dead, not when he's seventeen and stupid (selfish) but he knows now how it will end, and sometimes he lets it play.
Tony doesn’t handle relationships well. He’s mentioned, that right? There’s no confusion on the fact that he sucks at handling anything past ‘hi, hello and how do you do’, and sometimes he even forgets that part.
But Natasha couldn’t kill him. Well she totally could have, but she hadn’t because she’d felt the same pull he had. The same utter certainty that they belonged to each other.
Tony struggled but the guy's meaty arm around his throat was super tight and had him clawing at it for air. He let out a gurgled cry as the guy leapt off the roof of the car - if launching oneself at least twenty feet in the air could still be called leaping – and caught the end of the swinging ladder hanging from a low-flying chopper.
Tony nodded distractedly as the tom turned to make his way to the exit, passing Steve with a nod of acknowledgment as the super soldier made his way toward Tony.
(Don’t be. All of that other stuff? It’s behind us. This, this is the future. You’ve just gotta believe we can get there. I believe we can. How about it Buddy, take a chance with me?)
"Iron Man! Status?" Steve's voice snapped over the comm, tense with fury and worry and no clear winner between the two.
YOU INSULT ME. I HAVE KNOWN FROM THE FIRST DAY. DAGGAR KEEPS AN ENCYPTED LOG OF ALL COMMUNICATIONS. BUT I COULD NOT BE SURE IT WAS YOU AND YOU ARE HARD TO TRACK THIS WAY. OUR CHIEF ENGINEER IS INSISTING ON PLANTING A VIRUS TO SHOW THE ONE WHO DARES TO HACK A WAKANDIAN VESSEL THE ERROR OF HIS WAYS. I THOUGHT YOU DESERVED A WARNING.
“Temporary housing for the residents has been set up at the lodge, but this isn’t going to work long term Tony. Besides the space issue and the priceless antiques your mother stored up there, there’s the issue of security.”
Finding the last tub of it, Tony made a mental note to bug JARVIS about ordering more and eyed Natasha’s fruit salad speculatively. She’d threatened to stitch his fingers together in his sleep if he picked all the blueberries out again. Her level of seriousness had yet to be determined.
He hadn’t even realized he’d slumped against Natasha’s side until he registered that the hands slowly massaging his scalp were hers.
Natasha as always, kept herself tightly buttoned up but the whiteness of her face and the hollow look in her eyes as she stared out the window said it all.
Tony nodded wordlessly, accepting the hand, not wholly surprised by that. Made sense. It was the part of the city Steve knew best and there was probably a lot still here that meant a lot to him.
“What is it?” they ask. This is Jaime. He’s not kin the same way the boy in their arms is but that doesn’t mean he isn’t theirs.
He drained the cup, smacking his lips and flashing the mouth T’Challa’s way just to appease him before setting it on the table with a clunk. Tony sank back into the couch cushions with a sigh, thinking what an odd turn the night had taken.
“There was plenty of gossip about Amberson Osbornes bastard son once upon a time,” Tony continued. “But nobody ever come forward with any proof and so the story became nothing but rumor and myth, the way these things do. As for the real story, it was probably way more boring than any of the gossip ever gave it credit for. Right Peter?”
Some people did it, they both knew that, but Ma would have had kits if she’d caught them touching each other. It’s wrong, they say, for humans to take advantage of kats in heat. Only deviants do that.
“Ivan, is something wrong?” one of his partners repeats. It’s the boy. They’re both fels. Twins. Special just as he is special. Soldiers of the new empire. But they are young and soft. It is his job to train that softness out of them.
"I signed up for this gig Cap. It was way better than the alternative.” The tom revealed, cryptically, and when Steve didn’t prompt him for further explanation he provided it with a knowing smile accompanied by a wistful shrug. “I was rescued from a fight ring in Harlem when I was six years old."
But that's not the point. The point is Barton just came into his workshop and asked Tony if he'd be okay if Phil Coulson collard him.
One of the back doors was open, a line of them holding guns were stationed in wait by a loading truck. One glance inside at the cages stacked on top of each other and Tony saw red.
It was funny in hindsight maybe, that just as he should have that thought the night should take a turn for the worst.
Steve drew back at her words, stung jaw clenching tightly but there was nothing even remotely apologetic in Natasha’s expression. She just looked like she was patiently waiting for him to deny it and it was that certainty he saw that made the words die on his tongue.
Those memories he grits his teeth and throws back like it's a hangover cure because it is. It's a reminder.
“I don’t think I can eat.” Steve admitted quietly when they parted, staring down at him with wonder and Tony nodded in agreement. He wanted to be bonded with him. Yesterday.
"He flies too. I noticed you don't." Clint remarked deceptively casually, but Thor couldn't fail to notice how his teammates had drawn together in protective half ring around Tony, like Queensgaurd. Smiling to himself Thor strolled closer to Steve, which coincidently completed the arc. Sif raised a dark eyebrow at him.
"It's alright. You're not in that place anymore. You're here with me. With us. We've got you Tasha."
It was well known that the ones whom the drugs had failed would eventually go rabid, and every now and then you’d read a story about some guy getting chewed up and left for dead by one. Usually right next to an ad for half priced domestication shots at your local clinic.
"In all of Africa?" Luke was the one rolling his eyes now. "Yes. But it is not like the old way. Masters raise families of kats, often for farm labor, and allow them to bond. They mimic the prides of old but thy are nothing like them."
Both women relied on their bodies first and foremost, twisting and bending about like ninjas as they lunged and kicked at each other in a frankly terrifying display of teeth and competence that a morally upstanding person (like Steve) definitely wouldn’t call sexy but Tony is not Steve so he has no problem admitting it’s sexy as hell. He’d pay to watch this fight every day if it were an option.
“But it was unnecessary to try and initiate a relationship with you when it could not go anywhere.” She’d admitted to him privately and the fight had leaked out of him.
"You any good with that gun Stark?" Natasha asked, widows bites flaring to life as the first pair of hired guns stormed through the doors.
, and they say doctors shouldn’t operate on their loved ones for a reason. Suddenly Steve felt sorry for them and thought he understood a bit more why Tony had been so against having them all here. If things went bad, it was bad enough that Helen and Bruce were going to have to live with it and maybe blame themselves.
She’d give a lot to see him again, even if it was just to hear him rant about gender roles and the feminization of male fels.
Tony wanted to ask him how sure he was about that, but he pushed the urge aside. That was for later. They could figure out what to do with Steve’s now glaringly obvious (to Tony at least) crush on Romanov later.
Tony's Island is roughly around the size of Nantucket MA, and geographically located in the same area. There isn't another body of land out there that size besides Martha's Vinyard but this is where we use our imaginations ;)
“That would be kind of useless,” he pointed out. “Seeing how Tony doesn’t stay put anywhere unless it’s his lab and I don’t want to think about what he’d do to anyone who tried to pee in his space like that.”
“Stay calm everyone.” Tony urged, because holy cow did they not need Bruce to hulk out right now. “Could be a gas leak.”
“I’m serious Cap, he’s going to have to touch me, cut me, maybe even get inside my head. It’ll bond us in a way I might not be able to reverse. I think I could work my way toward being cool with that, but are you going to go all protective tom and freak out in the middle of things?”
It wouldn’t be that, between him and his boy, he thinks viciously. It would be love, but the kit knows better than to suggest that anywhere anybody might hear. He doesn’t want to hurt his boy. No not ever.
"Steve's an old man at heart." Tony answered with a wink and the girl laughed gaily, clearly a bit tipsy. He wondered with mild alarm how old she was. She didn't look old enough to be drinking in a night club but he wasn't going to begrudge her a night out with her beau when there was no telling what her home life was like. She Looked well cared for and her collar was well made but he wasn't rude enough to try and read her tags even though she'd left them on.
"Nobody’s gonna believe that’s a real name." Anya scoffed from where she sat, perched upon the edge of the open tool box under the panel. She was passing up tools whenever Riri (who was helping fix the broken circuits along with T’Cael) called for them.
“Tony!” he could hear Steve calls his name, and Steve caught him as he began to slump to the floor, legs no longer up to the task of holding him upright.
And though Tony was currently finding it hard to breathe and there were twinges of pain in his chest as he gasped for breath, mentally he recognized what the smooth flesh under his hands had to mean.
In which the plot thickens. Tony might be warming up to the medic, which is too bad because Natasha knows he's not who he says he is and she's coming to the creeping realization that if they're really going to make the pride work, they're going to have to start showing each other their hands.That's hard for her. Here are the reasons why.
For now! Yes, okay coming in second was a new and not exactly treasured feeling, but he was no stranger to challenge and honestly, he’d been getting rusty over here anyway with nobody to even come close to giving him competition. They had this in the bag, because his people would have something Wakanda didn’t. They’d have him, and Tony would put his mind and his guts up against anyone.
"Aye, it was Tony who figured out that MORDORK was the center of the hive and that disabling him would halt the battle and -" Thor halted as next to him Clint snickered, only to try and cover the sound with an unconvincing cough. Glancing around at all the twitching faces he raised an eyebrow in confusion. "What have I said that is so humorous?"
The connection abruptly cut off as the city of New York crumbled and cracked into dust, swallowed by a roiling plume of fire that rushed towards their small vessel. If they don’t leave now they will die just as surely as everyone below them already has.
Bitter as it made him to acknowledge it, he owed a good deal of his success to Howard’s vindictive nature.
“A lot of us believe very strongly that a lot more can be done to help those liberated from the fight rings. They can still find purpose doing something that matters.  They don’t have to die.”
The low chuckle of amusement told him who had entered the lab without his knowing even before the grinning face appeared, the tom bent over to pear under the legs of the Cradle.
Bruce shuffled over to the table, silently placing his hand upon Steve's back as he gingerly took the open seat beside him. He didn't attempt to try and say anything to what he'd revealed about Bucky, or what he was missing, because there weren't really any words that he thought would matter.
“You’re assuming she’s not involved and you’re asking us to trust that you’re not involved either when you’ve successfully infiltrated the tower and previously been granted access to Tony’s lab.” Natasha pointed out, echoing the thoughts that were bouncing around in Tony’s skull with a cold expression of her own. “That’s a level of trust only a child would grant.”
“You may want to consider it.” Pepper reminded him as she handed him the second bundle in her arms, a large stack of file folders. “If you’re serious about this whole island thing you need senatorial sway and Stone has more than a few in his pocket. Twist his arm a bit. Try not to snap it.”
And then he can’t delay any longer. His mission has ended. He says they will send people after them if he does not return to his masters. He rises, gun in hand, blue eyes blank and dark. They know he means to kill them. They don’t cry.
His mind is an endless archive of them (moving pictures) and that's enough to make anyone mad as a hatter. So it comes down to how you sort, what you shut away, what you allow to gather dust and to dull with time.
He remembers his frustration with Tony’s prodding, his smug attempt to hear the soldier admit that he suspects Bucky is his zero. The ash he rose from at his rebirth. He’d spat out his real name, and the room had changed.
Kate was still dishing out food while the others gobbled it up, almost before it settled on their plates. Riri had saved her a seat at the table because she was awesome. Nyota did a quick head count as she took her seat. There were eleven, including herself.
Something pinged on the dashboard and Clint glanced down, frowning at the small blip that had appeared on their radar system, only to watch it disappear again.
Except, what if they were smarter than he was (better) and his parents both decided they'd gotten it right the second time around?
"Who is this asshole?" Clint asked Coulson instead of answering, looking past the aide and pinning Phil with a frank look because come the fuck on. Was this guy serious?
He'd seen Steve drive a number of times on Avengers calls, but for some reason he'd expected that outside of a mission Steve would drive more like... well more like a speed limit obeying citizen and not a thrill seeking adrenaline junkie but hey, it was great to learn new things.
"They're not the enemy Hughard. Not yet, and we should all be doing our best to ease these tensions instead of poking at the embers or eventually they’ll catch fire.” Mama says and Hughard grunts. And then she says in this weird poignant way, “Besides. You never complained about climbing into bed before."
“Cap!” he shouted and Steve was just in time to raise his shield while Clint and the others bunkered behind him, making themselves as small as possible as a thick jet of flame roared from the creatures mouth. Tony took to the sky, trusting his suit to protect him.
"And you're not?" Tony snarled at her. "You're telling me that the 'Black Widow' is just going to open herself up to a bond? You know it's irreversible right? No where to go, nowhere to hide, everyone knows every fucked up thing you've ever tried to keep in the dark. You're really sure you want to shine a light on all that red?"
And while he could appreciate the cruel irony of losing Pride over a thing like pride, he wasn’t going to play that game either.
His mother has a couple of them who pull her chariot or something to that accord and apparently there's a whole alien race up there that's likely responsible for their existence down here.
"Look." He began, wiping a tired hand down his face. "Believe it or not I'm on your side here. My goal has always been the pride. If you think I'm about to throw it all away by giving Viastone the kind of leverage that Robert Stone is angling for. Think again.
Ivan scowled and snatched the ears off his head, careful not to disturb the hair hiding his real ears. Wanda smirked.
"I'm sorry about all this. Thor's not sure when our minds will stop reaching into the netherworld, or whatever, to pluck out nightmare visions." Tony offered in apology, guilt twisting sharply inside his stomach as he thought of Natasha, no doubt lying awake in her room even now.
I’m suggesting that kats are dangerous. Too dangerous to keep as pets. We don’t operate under the assumption that we can fully domesticate wild animals. I’m suggesting only that we ask ourselves why we ever assumed we could domesticate gata. [light applause from audience] Your team has proven themselves to be efficient killers, and we call you heroes now, but could anyone stop you if you decided not to be so friendly or so helpful? You Tony, operate a weaponized suit that has been described as a weapon of mass destruction, and ten armed officers were seriously injured in the raid on ViXon by what we’ve recently learned are adolescents.
“You are referring to Captain Rogers courtship.” T’Challa’s low voice drew him back to find dark eyes flecked with amber and gold staring intently at him. The tom’s scent had deepened, bringing a hint of pepper to Tony’s nose.
T’Challa appeared to contemplate this information deeply, and Tony didn’t get it. Hadn’t T’Challa been the one to notice Steve was suffering bond loss in the first place?
“You’re not responsible for what you dream. You weren’t the one who hurt her. The broth, it can show you things happing in your present, right? Well there you go. It sucks being forced to watch I’ll bet but you weren’t responsible.”
So he’d gone over every inch of Barnes’ record and what to him felt like the most important piece of the puzzle had finally come together.
There’s someone assigned to fly the jet back for them, and normally Tony would protest at having some SHIELD grunt handling the Avengers private jet, but he let it go on account of the fact that Natasha (who was suffering some pretty serious burns and a sprained wrist) was giving off an unmistakable aura of temper that he wasn’t about to test anytime soon and had glared at him like she might kill him if he said anything.
If Steve were honest, which he was trying very hard to be, his feelings about Tony confused him. He was certain he loved him. He was just not certain the man he was and the man Tony needed to lead his Pride was the same guy. Because Steve Rogers was just some kid from Brooklyn, still trying to glue his heart back together after losing his first love, and trying to wrap his head around losing the family he’d always wanted before he ever knew it was his to protect. He just wanted to love Tony in the present and make a home for themselves in the tower that they could bring Bucky home to.
“They’re getting away! Their suits are capable of some sort of stealth mode.” Steve shouted too loudly back, like somebody hard of hearing and Tony made a mental note to tease him about that later.  For the time being he was busy searching through the security feeds for any sign of them despite how useless he knew it would be.
“Really, then why did you say yes to your little team of freaks? ” Stone snarled yanking Tony’s head back against the table by his hair, and Natasha finally realized what she’d sensed that day at the tower was so wrong about the man’s scent. She hadn’t been able to pin it before because it wasn’t a matter of what was wrong with his scent but what was right.
"Tony?" Steve was asking, but Tony could barely hear over the pounding of his heart. "Thanks for coming out with me tonight."
Which was hilarious considering that Dummy's smoothie making abilities would have killed Tony long ago if not for careful vigilance from JARVIS.
“So then we need a middle ground. You’re aware of the Gata rehabilitation project I’ve got going on. We’re building a facility on a private island. It will be well protected. What if the research was done there?”
“Stay down.” Iron Man warns, coming to a stop not far from Ivan, his hands out ready to fire again. Ivan still has one shot left.
“Tony, I’m here with Director Fury and Prince T’Challa,” she began poignantly and Tony’s gut clenched in alarm but he forced himself to continue taking his time and not show any of his discomfort or embarrassment. They were the ones who’d insisted on the urgent early morning call and fuck if he’s going to start playing shy just because the Prince of Lies happens to be watching.
The medic blinked slowly at him and said, even slower as if he were testing the words, “So you’re saying that his mother actually knows Bastet. The Panther God?”
That seemed to be that. Pepper breezily wrapped up the conversation before Tony could come up with any other evasions, his phone chirping with irritated texts all the while reminding him that he was supposed to be wooing Wakanda into an alliance and he was not holding up his end of the bargain.  He really wasn’t, if he were honest with himself. He was letting his personal feelings prevent him from doing what he had to do.
The medic wasn’t Luke, because Luke hadn’t come around the tower since the night that Tony had discovered his identity. Not that Tony would have invited him anyway, but it just proved to Tony that the tom had known that Tony was going to discover the truth. He could have come clean then, but he hadn’t. So whatever. Tony knew the score.
He laughs and plays card games with the other kats in the science department along with Bruce, and when they kiss Betty for the first time she blushes pink.
Natasha, who had reserved her strength in preparation for when Tony could inevitably no longer protect himself, pushed the pain in her leg to the back of her mind in order to drag him onto an old ratty couch at the back of the cluttered barn. Which, judging by the layer of dust on everything and the distance from the house, was likely not very much used.
They don’t cry. Instead they bow their head and hug their knees, offering their neck. They don’t want to see Ivan hurt like that again, and they know already that the Madame is cruel.
Tony's a feral queen in a nation of house kats and it shows. He's the black cat, the merchant of death, and people can't get enough of it. The establishment can't decide whether it wants to fuck him or kill him more (but he's a kat so what else is new) and for years Tony had left them all in his dust, aloof and seemingly above it all.
“Cap!” Tony slapped one hand hard against Rogers shoulder, and this deep inside his head Tony could feel how that blow hurt but Steve barely even winced. It was enough however to pull his unfocused gaze from Barnes and Tony kept a tight grip on him as he tried to knock some sense back into him.
"I'm sure you don't. But it is so very sad isn't it, how some of your kin could be so reckless as to leave progeny abandoned on a hostile world? Won't you now show them the kindness their ancestors forgot?" Firgga asked with a pleasant as pie smile, and Tony was beginning to really like Thor's mom.
“Well none of us are born for one thing.” Nyota snapped, fear making it hard for her to think. She had to calm down for everybody’s sake, even though her brain seemed stuck on an endless loop of
She is not as quick or as efficient as some the soldier has taught in the past, but she is focused and driven. She is like a cat who sinks her nails in and does not let go once she has a hold and that is good.
The words, once spoken hung heavy in the air like a thundercloud. But Natasha being Natasha didn’t react to them. She sat and assessed him for a long moment before suddenly announcing, completely nonplussed, “You and Tony really are made for each other.”
Steve did know. He was her only child by blood but Steve had never made the mistake of thinking himself alone. Her whole life Sarah Rogers had been taking care of others and providing shelter to the less fortunate, even when they didn’t have a penny to spare for new shoes or to fix a broken heater in winter. Steve had been five when an accident at the mill had killed his father along with Mr. Barnes. Bucky’s mother had taken it hard and never really managed to get back up again.
“But, can’t Billy just open a portal to send us to the future?” Matai asked. “Wouldn’t that be simpler?”
Tony perhaps hadn't realized it yet, but since Extremis sometimes his eyes glowed like bright honey when he used a lot of energy. So even though he didn't say a word Thor knew what was coming and he watched with pleasure as the latest version of Tony's armor unfolded from the bracelets on his wrists and ankles, smooth as silk as the almost impossibly thin plates moved fluidly over his under armor and hardened into place with soft mechanical clicks.
Concentrating harder, thinking that perhaps his fatigued brain had simply dropped the message (and trying not to think about the ominous silence that had descended around him) Tony tried again.
Shame, followed quickly by a wave of anger, flooded through Tony, recognizing the play for what it was, and when he met Natasha's eyes he could see that she was aware, and it just made him angrier.
“You’re such a rascal Tony. What on earth are we going to do with you?” the elderly woman tittered, her chin wobbling.
Tony was adding large mist covered wooded areas to his growing lists of do not likes about Asgard. Even still it was a list significantly shorter than the growing one he had against his ancestral bio-mama and her cronies.
"Kats in heat can be a bit much... " Bruce ventured softly. Tony was a bit much on a good day. Never mind when he was going into heat. "Earlier you seemed, uncomfortable."
"You'll be wanting to have kits soon, yeah? Now that your heats on. Not every kitten has got the right temperament for it, don’t matter what they say, but you, you'd make a great mother. And they’d fetch a bundle for your boy and his Ma."
Sighing, he squirmed, wincing and wrinkling his nose when he realized there was still a medical issue dildo up his ass – which, let me tell you, is by far from the most unusual way he’s woken up, but it wasn’t the most comfortable (or pleasurable feeling) the morning after when he was stiff, sore, and hungry on top of it.
And that changed the game completely because it meant having to keep an eye out for whatever lucky fel was the potential mother of Bruce's children, and not letting him escape destiny by being all shy and 'I could never' about it.
Her laughing thoughts trilled through his mind and he audibly scoffed, to Steve's obvious confusion.
“When are you guys going to get it? I am Iron man. The suit and I, we're one. There are no hands safer than mine.”
But, staring down at the picture forming of a bright-eyed kit with an evergreen sprig clamped playfully between his teeth brown tail knocking against a low hanging ornament, a sweet ache filled his chest.
“Tony?” Steve called his name to alert him to his presence, just in case he hadn’t heard JARVIS or the door. Sketchbook in hand he began to walk toward him.
she asked, a smirk twisting her lips. Tony took a prim swallow of coffee from his cup and flicked his tail.
They'd never separated before. Not really. She couldn’t stop Jamie and the others going to Washington. That needed to happen or they risked completely screwing up the time line. And even if the younger kits were just going to be a few hours away from her, Nyota knew the truth. She was abandoning them just like their parents had. Sending them off to some approximation of safety while she went on what amounted to a suicide mission. None of them were coming back from this. Not really. She still woke up at night sometimes, afraid, wondering if it would hurt when they stopped existing. She just hoped the younger kits didn't figure it out before it happend.
She’d done everything she could to carve out the girl who had knowingly sipped from the bottle marked poison but she’d not succeeded and denial was fools bread.
“So, the unsub was trying to help.” Bruce marveled aloud. Steve was already pinging Coulson on his comm unit, trying to get word to the policemen down below that an abduction was under way and that the gata mercenaries were not hostile, but Tony doubted he’d have much luck getting through. They had been in the middle of a ridiculously showy robbery before they decided to try and play hero.
"Still kicking Cap," Tony groaned as he got to his feet. The previously peaceful stretch of Manhattan that M.O.D.O.K and his cronies had attacked was a mess. The villains didn't seem to have much of a goal in mind besides making as much damage as possible in as short amount of time as possible, firing canon guns and energy beams into anything standing in their way as they carved their way through the streets.
“Mr. Barton, you have successfully incapacitated Captain Rogers, however you have suffered a fatal fall. I must declare the match a draw.”
The fels, they were almost destined for the heat house unless they were lucky enough to be considered too ugly for brothel work and then it was off to the labor camps. The toms were lucky if they got the camps but if they hadn't had their domestic shots it wasn't likely.
He had never been able to shake the memories of his first disastrous heat and the events surrounding it.
"All of the tests have shown that BX can successfully bind with hydroxyapatite ions, so there is minimal chance that the organism won't be able to fuse itself to the bone, which is calcium rich." Luke ventured into the tense filled silence to explain, but Steve was anything but mollified.
They're not human despite appearing so (minus a few cosmetic differences) so nobody raises too much of a stink about their rights to own property, hold jobs, or you know decide whether or not they'd like to date the tom of their choice and have kits.
"She told Narmer that she would go with him to fight the Benu and the only thing she asked for in return for her service was the promise that when he rebuilt the kingdom, that she would have a home in it. Taken by her strange yet undeniable beauty Namer agreed to her terms and together they set out to destroy the Benu. They fought for many months until finally the last of them flew into the great tear in the sky and Niethotep cast a spell to close it forever.
“That’s barely a year from now.” Billy pointed out, blinking his eyes open sleepily. “It’s still going to happen right?”
Steve’s mouth tightened and god there it went, the scent of fight thickening in the room. No self-respecting tom liked other toms sniffing around their mate and T’Challa wasn’t exactly being subtle. But to Tony’s surprise Steve just nodded jerkily and said, “I’m sure there’s a lot of business between the Avengers and Wakanda you two still need to talk over. I’m beat so I’m going to hit the showers.”
Steve grit his teeth, increasing his speed marginally just to push his muscles and take his mind off what an idiot he’d been. How blind could one guy be? All those times he and the other Commandos would go on about their dreams for after the war when Bucky was right
It's easy. Clint's a tom. And at his first sight of Tony, his first smell, it was like a flip had switched on in Clint's head and his body had woken up after years of slumber and remembered it had a programmed function.
If that wasn’t baffling enough, there was also their suits. They were simple in design but even on corrupted video feed Tony could tell that they weren’t made of anything cheap or easily procured. For one thing, they seemed adapt at deflecting bullets and they were powered by an energy source that gave off enough power for at least one of them to take flight, in a style not dissimilar to Tony’s own repulsor technology.
He'd known that Tony was upgrading his armor since the battle with M.O.D.O.K. had damaged the mark he'd called the sentinel, but he was impressed by what he'd managed to accomplish in such a short amount of time.
"To win the heart of a queen you must have the courage to present your own in its entirety, knowing that to be found wanting is to die."
Steve didn’t say anything but there was a look growing in his eyes, one full of warmth and pride that made Tony’s heart flutter.
Somebody asked in a comment on one of the chapters about the titles. Yes, it was lyrics from Hasley's Castle (as is this one). I take the titles from song lyrics and pieces of poetry that speak to what I feel is a major theme or element in that chapter. Because I'm a dweeb like that :) Aaaand if you haven't figured out, Castle in particular is like Tony's theme song for this fic. Pretty sure my roommate thinks I'm organizing some sort of revolution by how often I'm playing that song and furiously typing on my computer.
“That looked arduous.” Natasha quipped, sliding into the empty spot next to him as the bartender slid Tony's drink toward him. Flashing her a pained smile he tossed about half the glass back even as a voice that sounded like Rhodey’s scolded in the back of his mind to slow down.
Thirty-seven years ago Tony Stark was born in Grandpasville Georgia otherwise known as Richardsville. Tony’s great grandfather Richard Stark kind of founded the town so Tony’s even more famous there than he is elsewhere, and not in a pleasant way. The story is, the big family plantation had fed the economy of most the county in his grandfather’s day, so the good folks who’d settled there figured the least they could do was name the little one road town that sprang up around it after him.
Maria is pale and still on the coroner’s slab, beauty diminished by the marks of a violent death and they feel bile surging up in their throat when they see how her swanlike neck has been mangled.
Tony grimaced. He did not doubt that Barnes didn’t have much practice with shields and bonds, but T’Challa had a point. Somebody out there had knowledge of the Alurio that they shouldn’t have, and they’d already used it to create soldiers. He couldn’t discount the fact that the mercenaries might be connected in some way to the KGB.
“Then we’re in agreement. You know we are. But there’s a system of checks and balances. There has to be. You can’t expect to just go out there and do what you do without answering to somebody.” Rhodes insisted, leaning forward to make sure that he had Stark’s complete attention. He had Natasha’s.
"That's alright J, thanks for trying. We knew he'd catch onto us sooner or later. Show me what we got before we lost contact."
He wasn't going to start dancing to Fury's tune. There was going to be no doling out his favors, no forcing everyone to bond with him (when they don't have a choice) just because it's convenient for the government.
Except, This is Clint and (Tony sniffs) he doesn't smell fearful or under duress. He's not a victim and he's far from helpless. Though his claws are in and he looks calm and composed sitting there perched on the couch arm, striped tail curled up against one leg, Tony has seen first hand how 'not a victim' Clint Barton is. If he says he wants to shack up the boss man Tony trusts that he knows what he's about.
Guilt was a powerful motivator (Tony should know) but he couldn’t play that game. He had far too many guilt games of his own to take on somebody elses.
“But we can’t work like that!" Steve hissed under his breath. One of the staff nurses glanced nervously over his shoulder at them. Steve did his best to level his tone as he continued to whisper. "Tony has to trust us, and we have to feel like we can trust him or this is all going to fall apart. None of us are the blind sheep kind, Natasha. That's just how we opperate.”
“Clint!” Tony cried, as the tom went flying backwards, pushed by the blast straight into the wall behind him.  “Cap, Clint’s been hit!”
Steve pulled back slowly, breathing labored to match Tony's. They stared at one another under the light of the moon, starlight twinkling in their eyes like something out of a song.
