"Momm-" Dean whines, eyelashes now clumped together because of the dampness of his eyes.
Castiel stands up and goes to the table, taking a seat. "Shouldn't we wait for him?"
Dean mindlessly follows the older man to the bedroom.
for Castiel and his father doing
"I'm sorry-" he pleads his apology, "Sorry- I'm sorry, let me look at it." she lets him examine her wrist and he kisses it a few times. "See? I'm sorry-" he kisses it once more.
Dean's eyes roll back in his head because he's getting fucked so hard, "I love it-" the words are punched out of him roughly. "I love it-" his body is tightening up with his approaching orgasm, "I love it-"
"You're thinking about me aren't you, cause he was my age-" Castiel nods. "-I'm fine, I'm not him and you didn't lose me." he tries to get through to the man.
She shakes her head, "I  only live one street over, I can walk."
"You still loved me." Dean smiles, his appetite comes back and he starts finishing what's left on his plate.
"Friggin' perv-" Dean hands him the towel before standing up and looking around the drawers for fresh clothes.
Dean blurts out, "My dad died." she stops writing, looking at him. "A few weeks ago, he died- I keep forgetting."
quite yet. "Hello??"
Dean stood up, "Right." holding out his hand for Cas to take, he helped him up. "You deserve much better than me." With that he walked away into his bedroom to collect Castiel's clothing from the previous night.
The needle goes in and out without a fuss, Dean's gotten used to it and he barely feels it go in. "All done-" he presses a band aid to his upper arm.
The days aren't so hot and humid, the sky is still blue on the days that it doesn't rain and luckily today was one of them. The trees are growing bare, slowly drying up and the leaves are now on the ground.
The teen nods quickly because
"Cas." Dean tries again, "I heard you crying."
The looming threat frightens him very much, but like a moth to a flame, he hopes he will be able to stay away.
"Nothin'-" he squeaks, "My throat hurts-"
"Ugh-" Dean moans- his back is pressed against Castiel's front as he gets his cock stroked and it feels so good. "Ugh-fuck-"
Dean gets into the shower and gets himself squeaky clean in no time so it's not entirely shocking when he exits the bathroom to still find Castiel at the table with Bobby. He goes straight for his room and is about to pull on a pair of fresh boxers, but goes for the satin panties instead. They feel so soft going up his thighs, and feel amazing cupping his privates against his body so tightly.
Dean hummed, eye's fixed on the boy's bulge.
"I'll see you tomorrow-" he kisses the top of her head before leaving for the day. A little smile forms on her face which makes leaving just a little bit better, there's no way he could really leave work if his best friend was actually upset with him.
against him?
They sit side by side as they talk and laugh about the other inmates, secretly of course. It was nice actually, beyond nice. Breakfast went smoothly as always, even more so with his cell mate by his side in the cafeteria. Next they have rec time in the yard which he was extra anxious for since Castiel had promised him a smoke, though he wasn't sure how it was going to happen since there was no privacy to be had.
"It's goin'-" Dean chugs the water quickly. "Done with the leaves, I just gotta cut the grass-" he pants, hanging him the glass before going back to work.
This isn't some back street perv that will go away when it's over and give him a few bills. Castiel is always going to stay after, well, for the next two years.
Dean's face fell and he became flustered. " Aw shit...Um where do kid's drink coffee these days? "
"Hey-" Castiel focuses on him intently and his cock springs to attention. Dean slaps him again and he moans loudly over the thick silence in the room.
“Why was your car at your house if you were out of town?”
Dean mumbles, "It was so bad-" and sniffles. "I was so scared, he-"
He resumed mouthing the words of certain books, rubbing the spine of each book until his mother said, "I've hired a lovely young man to help us out around the house since you're father won't be around, he had a last minute business trip."
"Dean, there's blood in-" the teen instantly pulls up his boxers as if that would make the evidence of what happened go away. "I think we should go to the emergency room-" he's angry, furious at what happened. That some creep hurt him- but he has to remain calm so that Dean doesn't freak out. He's fragile.
have a special place at the orchard...
"Cas-" They stop talking and look at him, "Can we do somethin' this weekend?"
Castiel emphasized his right hand for Dean to take by extending it further out.
"Somethin' you wanna say, boy?"
"Yeah-" he smiles weakly. "He did, many times."
Castiel sits up in bed in a hurry, "What's wrong?" he presses the back of his hand on his forehead then his cheek to feel for a fever. No fever. "You're not warm-"
"Hello-" Mary comes up to them, shaking Castiel's hand. "You're a doctor?" he nods. "How interesting." she miles before going back into the kitchen to make dinner.
Dean looks down at his boots, "Yea-"
Dean thinks it over for a moment, mostly just to be annoying. "Sure daddy." Castiel nods, crossing his legs under the table until he's able to stand again. After leaving the mall Castiel drives around looking for a motel. Once he finds one he gets out of the car by himself and goes to the little run down office where the manager was.
Castiel didn't see Mr.Winchester at all the following couple of night's and he didn't know why he felt let down about it.
Dean snuggles into him some more, "Thanks, Cas-"
Dean rolled over, hooking an arm around Castiel’s waist. “Mmm Morning.” He mumbled, planting several kisses at the back of his bare neck.
Dean rubs his back, then pulls back so he can place the basic silver ring on his fiance. "Sorry." he whispers. "Glad it fits." looking down at Castiel's hand, admiring the ring he chose for his lover. "You're everything to me."
The raven haired teen sucked in a breath suddenly feeling insecure among this perfect carved man.
Dean looks down at it sadly, he was starving. "Thanks dad-" he gives Castiel a look before going back to his room.
Castiel grows a little uncomfortable but his arm tightens around the teen protectively, "I don't rape you-" those green eyes are looking up at him expectantly but is unable to meet their gaze right then. "You know I love you, right?"
Castiel peels the teen off of himself, "It's somewhat of a late birthday present. My original present to you of clothes was pretty boring."
"Robin?" he says, cautiously. "What's going on with you today?"
"I don't like the way it tastes. Get out before I throw up." Dean pulls back the curtain to cover himself behind the shower and Castiel hears him spit again.
Castiel sighs, "Why are you home?"
"I'll do anything-" Dean pleads, making grabby hands at his step father. "-anything."
Dean was still outside cleaning up the mess that had been made in an attempt to fix this particular vehicle and lifted something a little too heavy.
Dean didn't know if other guys did this together or not, what was normal or acceptable between friends. He has no idea because it feels like he hasn't had a close friend in such a long time. After zipping himself up in a haste and rushing towards the front door to meet his friend inside his car, the thought that he might have to come clean dawns on him.
Castiel realizes his fanny pack was still around his waist so he excuses himself to his bedroom for a bit. Once in his bedroom, he pulls out his phone and remembers he's got Dean's phone too. Castiel unlocks it because he's figured out that the pass code to his phone was his birthday. What he finds has his heart racing- there's text from Derek and reads it against his better judgement.
"Something like that." Dean kicks his trashcan once, "The fucker thinks he can tell me what to do. Fucking thinks he's the boss of me." he's pacing around his room, "Fucking-"
Dean shoves the older man away from him because he fucking hit a nerve. "How could you ask such a thing?" his heart is beating so hard in his chest. "He's my fucking brother-" his words are defensive, unlike his tone of voice which is soft.
After a long day at the hospital, Castiel comes home to what he thinks will be a lonely home. But a quick flipping of the light switch in his bedroom reveals a bored teen laying on his bed.
"You're not your father, you know-" his voice is soft, "You didn't have to follow in his footsteps, or Bobby's-"
Dean smiles, crossing his arms at his chest. "Really?" shakes his head.
"Uh, cause you basically said if I fuck up you're leavin' me and I fucked up-" he says. "-big time."
His father got him a pack of plastic army men from the dollar store every now and then or some hot wheels cars- maybe that's why he loved cars so much. Clothes, that was harder for John to provide him with- he'd never tell anyone but Sam would often loan him clothes for school. Good old Sam had been his only friend from preschool all the way to high school, he never was friends with any of the other boys because they bullied him- called him names for not wearing brand name clothes from the mall or because he didn't like any sports. Most of Dean's friends were girls and that was because they had crushes on him but he didn't mind- he took his friends where he could get them. Although he's moved away and is happy about it, he misses Sam. Sam was pretty popular in school, always had been but he had a soft spot for Dean Winchester, regardless of anything anyone had to say about him.
Dean's in the bathroom with his shorts around his ankles and his joystick is in his hand. He's still clueless on what to do so he begins to experiment, trying different things until he accidentally strokes up and down a few times. That felt sort of good, so he keeps doing it. "What!" he yells when Sam knocks on the door. "I'm almost done-" the sound of his friends laughter on the other side of the door is muffled.
"Like I'm dying?" she nods. "No- not that much. I-I eat now." she smiles. "I have to eat, Cas worries about me a lot and I hate to see him like that."
"Eat up, both of you. "Bobby calls, "Plenty to go around-"  Dean digs into the eggs, takes a bite of his bacon- and a forkful or pancakes- washing it all down with warm coffee. Extra cream. "So fuckin' good-" he moans, stabbing the eggs enthusiastically while he chews what's still in his mouth.
Dean looks up at him, "What was that for?"
Green eyes follow the movement, "What's tha-" and his eyes close almost instantly
Dean rolls his eyes, "She's got cd's too." he shrugs, "Books and stuff."
Dean laughs uncomfortably again, shrugging his shoulders like a little child.
Dean grabs the remote and turns off the TV, "Whats going on here?" he asks him. Dean's about to kiss him again and he has to hold him at arms length, "What are you doing-" his eyes focus on Sam again.
Dean rolls his eyes, "Yea- I think you're pretty." she grabs him by the collar of his jean jacket and pulls him in for a kiss. Dean resists at first, tries fighting her off until he begins to enjoy the kiss and gives in. He'd always been submissive to somebody kissing him- Dean Winchester loves kissing, regardless of who it was. "Ugh-" he moans against her strawberry flavored lips.
Soon the screen door on the trailer is being pulled open loudly, "Are you coming?"
"It was horrible Cas-" Dean looks sad, when his uncle isn't around he plans to tell Castiel how he doesn't feel like he's good enough to be in the class. "-everyone's all preppy and shit-" his food comes and instantly jams a fry into a puddle of ketchup. "-they kept staring at me-" his uncle and step dad who sit across from him on the booth, begin eating. "-why'd you make me dress up? I looked like a freak in there wearing this shit-" he jams another fry into the ketchup angrily.
"Ah-" Castiel picks up a book, "-how to speak with the dead-" he reads the cover aloud, not the least bit impressed. He would never want Dean to dabble in the occult or anything of the sort and luckily from the looks of this shop- it was more hipster and new age than anything. "Should I buy you this crystal-" he reads the tag on it, "-so I can purify your aura-" he laughs, setting the crystal back on the shelf.
"Next time." he winks again before he slaps his sore bottom and goes inside first.
Bobby scratches at his beard, "Yea, guess so. We fought a lot- damn near killed each other once or twice."
Dean seriously says, "Dunno-" smiles. "Maybe you finally got me pregnant-"
Dean looks at him, "Was that the hospital-"
"Nothin-" Bobby bites into his burger. "Just wish you woulda' stayed workin' here until school starts-"
"Go!" she shoos him away, spilling the drink that was in her hand and he quickly gets up, rushing over to where the dancer went.
Dean wipes under one eye with the sleeve of his jacket and sniffles. They stay silent for a while longer, just enjoying the warm sand between their toes until the sun completely sets. The only thing that brought them to reality was the Metallica blaring in his pocket.
"Dean-"
Bobby and Castiel look at each other before digging in, "No-" they both say in unison.
Dean shrugs, shoving his feet into his sneakers. "It's fun?" he stands, "It's not like I killed the cat-"
"That one hurt-" he pulls his sleeve down. "I'm hungry, stay for dinner?" his eyes are so innocent and pure that he just can't say no. Besides, he wasn't in the mood for pasta anyway. "We're gonna grill some burgers out front-"
"Bye Castiel, Bye Dean." she walks away.
He smiles, "It's called home health, Dean, and yes he can do that."
"Dad would get mad if I slept naked-" he shrugs, flipping through the channels. After not being able to find anything entertaining on television, Dean sighs dramatically in boredom.
Dean thinks he can make it out the front door so he makes a quick run for it but John sees him and pulls him back before he can open the door. "Where you goin', hm?" John says in his ear and it makes him cringe. Memories that had been dormant for years come flooding back and it makes him feel like he's Eleven again.
"Cas?" Dean asks nervously, looking up at the sky in wonder.
"I've tried-"
Dean rubs his eyes, "I'm losing my fucking mind-I swear-." he looks over at the rocking chair where he'd fallen asleep, then his eyes dart to the fence. "I swear I saw him standing right there- He'd been outside all day in the hot sun, they hope it's just the heat getting to him. It'd be an easier fix.
and it's not said in an insulting manner. Mostly, it sounds like he's coming to terms with the fact that his young love simply likes
Dean hums before admitting, "I like guys-" there's silence all around, nothing but the sound of tires on the bumpy road as their soundtrack. "Well, there's really just the
That's where he finds Dean Winchester, sitting on one of the swings all by himself just like he hoped. Relief floods instantly and he takes a few seconds to let his heart rate slow down just so that he doesn't have a heart attack over the worry the boy gave him.
him for it.
Although he's a bit concerned with Dean's love for role playing a little too much- he's been happier when they play
that's what he wants right now more than anything.
"I'm fucking suffocating!" Dean screams and jumps out of bed, "I just can't take it anymore!" he storms out of the room, ignoring Castiel's calls for him to come back. He locks himself in the bathroom, "Leave me alone!"
Bobby laughs, "She wouldn't make it out here would she?"
Dean opens the door and allows himself inside, Castiel's face is priceless. The man is blushing instantly, he's shirtless so Dean can see how his neck and shoulders match his face.
"Were things really that bad?" Castiel feels guilt swimming in his belly, of course it was that bad. All the early mornings and late nights. Most of the time he would leave for work before Dean's even woken up and he'd come home so late.
"Dean." Bobby eyes dart towards the house.
It's not until he's sitting down for breakfast in front of the television and the news of a missing
Robin and her mother drop Dean off that night, he had stayed at their place for dinner. "Hey you." Castiel greets him from the couch when he walks in.
Castiel brings him to a sitting position "I got carried away-"
"It's my birthday-" the boy whines, his big green eyes stare up at him and there's a growl that comes from low in his chest- he can't help it.
"Oh my God!" She screams. "Cas! Don't fall asleep-" Meg guides him into a sitting position on the floor before pulling out her phone to call an ambulance. "Oh my God, oh my God-" she chants to herself while on the line.
Castiel nods dumbly and hopes that it was the honest truth because as far as he's aware, Robin had no boyfriend before or after Dean. Things are silent but they manage to move on to some snuggling in bed before he's got to get ready for work. Only right before it's time to get up, does he mention what he got up to in his absence.
Before they know it it's the weekend of their trip, they were leaving on Friday. Castiel drives up early around Seven in the morning to pick them up as promised.
"Let me guess." Dean sits down on the bed, now dressed in the same clothes he was wearing yesterday, now lacing up his boots. "You're breaking up with me-" he pretends to be shocked.
Castiel keeps him in place, "Sorry-I'm sorry-"
They meet halfway and share a quick side hug before heading in. To a complete stranger, they might actually look like father and son, aside from the vast difference in hair color. Standing in line waiting for their snacks was pretty awkward as they were surrounded by couples and families. Every time their eyes meet, they look away with a blush on their faces.
Castiel's making breakfast when Dean walks in, looking hung over even though he didn't drink. "Ugh-" he groans, sitting down at the table. He's a little unsure of how to approach him today, they've been fighting about his lapse in judgement with Meg for days and now this Derek guy.
whispers, the figure comes closer,
One of them says, "If you don't want your boyfriend taking your kid out, then maybe come home at night to make sure they both don't go anywhere-" they both laugh and walk back to their patrol cars.
Dean grabs the rifle that he had placed by the door and marches through the screen door- aiming at the shadow. "Son of a bitch-" Dean aims and pulls the trigger. Luckily enough he hit the wooden fence- because if he hadn't, he would have killed his uncle Bobby.
"Let me think-" he says in a hurt yet angry tone, "You made out with Charlie on our couch, you have sex with Jo-" Dean cuts in to defend himself that it only happened once and it makes no difference. "-you bring Sam into our bed and convince me to have a threesome with him, then there's Jack, you made out with him on our couch as well."
"Long day-" he grabs a second slice of the pie and bites into it mindlessly because he's not really that hungry and is just going through the motions.
Dean hesitates, licking his lips- he knows they can't make out right there on the couch but boy does he want to. "I watch porn, don't ask. Uhm-Have you ever had sex dressed up like-" he shakes his head but Castiel refuses to let it go so he asks, "-have you had sex dressed up like a doctor?" he whispers, looking over at the bedroom door that led to his uncle. "Cause I think it'd be hot- if you were my doctor and I was your patient."
"You ready?" his large hand ghosts over his own crotch, giving it a squeeze.
Brady shrugs, "Then I won't give you that thing you like so much, you know it's not free."
Dean whined, “Yeah for sure, but- I like you in a...Okay I think you're hot as fuck.” he didn’t know if he was saying things right. He just wanted Benny.
Dean pushes his chocolate
Dean sighed, "It just happens...I should go take care of this, elsewhere." he kissed his nose and brushed away the hair sticking to his forehead.
Dean smiles because he really does look like big foot in that fuzzy brown robe and resists the urge to laugh- Bobby won't hesitate to smack him in the head.
If Castiel hadn't watched him grow up and seen the bad and the ugly parts of him then maybe doing that
He licks his lips, "Do you-wanna try making out?"
"I'm sorry Dean-I got carried away. That's it-"
Dean's recent therapy session hadn't gone well. Bobby knew and so did Castiel knew, he'd been cooped up in his room or outside shooting beer cans but mostly he spent his time working on
"Can you be a good boy for me?" Dean shakes his head, "Can you be submissive to me?" Dean nods, "Thank you, Stay here. I'll be right back." and Castiel does come back a few moments later with a sleeping pill, it's quite small so the teen swallows it without any difficulty. "Chuck told me you couldn't swallow your vitamins so I'll get you something else for tomorrow." he doesn't say anything in response, he just drifts off to sleep.
The teen pushes the drawer shut before going to the living room, his hands hiding innocently behind his back like a small child. "I'm done-" the quiet words startle his stepfather, his blue eyes look up at him from where he was sitting on the couch. "Need anythin' else?"
"I've never even kissed anyone yet-" he blushes, taking a seat on the twin bed. "I'm a loser aren't I, Dean?"
Dean doesn't believe that because the word
"Clair had blonde hair, blue eyes." his eyes close for a moment, a tear running down his face. "I think that's part of the reason why I couldn't leave you either-I already left one child behind-"
"Dean-" Castiel blinks away the tears that are burning his eyes, he's gone too far this time. "I'm-"
Castiel shrugged, “ I know it’s a lot but you wanted this too- “
Castiel swallows, watching Dean run back to his friend- he sees him give Sam the third bottle of water. Sam takes it and drinks it just as fast. He gets up and shouts, "Sam, are you eating dinner with us?" The two teens stop playing and look at him, Sam shouts back - "Nah, I'll be going home soon!" The older man nods and steps inside the house.
Dean hops up onto one of the kitchen stools since the guy didn't have a kitchen table, just a breakfast bar. "You don't have a table-" he comments, looking around the large apartment, while munching on a nugget.
"There's more?" he asks in a hopeless tone, his eyes looking out the kitchen window.
"What happened?" the same innocent concerned face is displayed on his friend once more. "Is he okay?"
and off you go. Back into the earth's soil, the circle of life.
“Dean-” His eyes watered, tugging at his arm. “I’m jus-”
He wasn't that lucky.
Dean looks up at the older man, "I didn't have sex with her."
She pulls away from her friend, "Okay-" and shrugs. "I guess that's better than nothing." They both notice Lisa walk in, "You gonna tell her you're quitting?"
"-let's go take a break." Meg suggests and Castiel nods, following her to the hospitals cafeteria. After sitting down, "Tell me what happened. Did that guy you're living with do something to upset you?"
"I'm aware of that, but we never know how someone's death will affect us, he
"Do you love him, Mr. Novak?" She asks, he nods. "Do you love as if he were your own?"
"You like that?" Dean's hand is slowly but firmly jacking him off, "You gonna come?" he asks, knowing he's about to- he knows that look on his face when he's about to explode. When Castiel nods, Dean moves down and sucks on it. Long slow strokes until come is bursting into his mouth- "Hmm-"
“Stop running away from me!” Dean sounded angry, “Stop!”
"It's near work." Castiel defends, "Are you feeling better?" they both haven't forgotten about the lube they picked up on the way there.
As Castiel walks up to the hospitals double doors, the thought that today might be the last day he allows himself to be subjected to another gruesome day here but he knows it's just one more day of many that will be spent in this building. If Dean had chosen physical therapy as a career, they could have spend their days working side by side at this very hospital.
"It was a tropical storm first right?" Castiel carries the conversation. Dean doesn't want to hear about it, but he watches them discuss it anyway.
"Finally." Dean sips his coffee and chews on the straw a little bit. His eye's follow every movement of that pink pouty mouth. "Cas- my eye's are up here."
Dean plants a final wet kiss on the mans lips before hopping off his lap and running out of the bedroom, and out of the home without saying goodbye or looking back.
Dean looks almost seasick as he walks inside the home, the teen wasn't sick, just extremely guilty and anxious. It had been a while since he's felt horrible like this, almost forgetting completely what it was like to feel like shit. Castiel sprays down the mess with Bobby's water hose until no evidence was left to suggest that anything horrible had happened there.
He does make it home safely and climbs out of the car but he doesn't go inside, he sits on the front porch steps and smokes another cigarette. Maybe Castiel should have gotten him a ride that actually could get him from point A to point B without breaking down or needing to cool off. The grocery store is about Fifteen minutes away and he knows Cassie won't make it that far in her condition. All Cassie is good for is being eye candy right now.
"I promise you'll like it-" he leans in and kisses her, she instantly relaxes and when her mouth opens he shoves his tongue inside. French kissing her, it's slow but Dean makes the kiss dirty. When she moans, he loses it- his hands reach down blindly and he rips the panties off her body. His eyes dart down and he sees her, sees a girls privates for the first time. "God, what a pretty little thing-" he gulps.
Dean bent down to kiss him on the forehead, his wrist grabbed by a  sleeping Castiel. He thought he heard him say
him. It's such a innocent thing he wants but in the eyes of the law, it's completely wrong and he would be exiled from society.
When Castiel doesn't return he gets worried, he'd call him but he doesn't know where his things are. Instead of panicking he accepts that maybe Castiel wasn't allowed to stay the night and would be back the next day when he came in for work. Dean sleeps until Seven in the morning, that's when Meg comes into his room with his breakfast. "Rise and shine, sweetheart." she says, placing the breakfast tray on the table next to his bed. "Today you're having eggs, toast and some fruit. How's that sound?"
As they drink coffee Castel assures him, "Don't be afraid to come to me, I'll protect you- from anyone."
There's no way he can openly tell Dean to stop going to Robin's house every day and tending to her every need, not without sounding like some kind of abusive asshole. He's not going to treat Dean how his father treated him, acting jealous and forbidding things.
Dean frowns before following Pastor Jim to the confessionals, he really doesn't like this. It's dark in there and stuffy- smells weird too. "So-" he claps his hands anxiously.
"Ughhhh-" he moans, brows knit together. Dean's holding himself up by his elbows, looking down at his step father doing his thing. "Ahhh-" he cries out, it was extremely sensitive. "Ughhhh-mmmm-" his lip is caught between his teeth.
" No I do, Adoptive parent's...My dad passed away before I was Ten years old, My mother disappeared not long after- "
Dean shrugs, "Anythin' you want me to do?" Castiel is confused so he explains. "Remember, you're paying me to do stuff around the house?" he rolls his eyes annoyingly.
"Hmmm..." Castiel hums, the vibrations making Dean shiver and shudder underneath him. His legs are trembling, he knows he's going to come soon and he's going to swallow him up completely. The noises are filthy- it's wet and dirty. Dean's loving it, he looks down at Castiel in admiration. He forgets how close he is until Castiel lightly probes his hole with his thumb that he almost loses it, "I miss this pink little hole..." he says, almost as if he were talking to a smile child and Dean likes it. He won't admit it but he likes it more than he should. "Call me Daddy." Castiel orders him, gently.
"Gordon's not going anywhere this time." Dean nods carelessly because his attacker being locked up does him no good- he's already tainted. It doesn't matter how many showers he takes or how clean he gets, he feels dirty on the inside- where he can't get clean ever again. "Come on, let's get you home."
Dean knows he tempted the man, even before he knew that he was even doing it. It just felt so
Dean nods dumbly before going to his room for bed. "Not hungry anymore-" he states when asked about finishing his dinner. Now he's laying in bed, above the covers with his new cell phone in his hands.
Castiel holds Dean's face in his hands and says -"You're my boy, not Sam." because he doesn't know what else to say. He really should have known better than to fuck them both like that. Dean weakly nods like he doesn't believe him. "I love you- not Sam. You hear me?"
"Can you live with the fact that you're going to be married to another man?"
Eventually Castiel puts his book away and leans back in bed so he can watch whatever his boyfriend is currently watching but getting ignored hurts too badly, so he turns on his side to go to sleep. He doesn't understand why he's so hurt by his rejection, it's not like he loves the guy or anything. Deep down he knows it's the fact that with John Winchester, he somehow feels like he's never good enough even when he gives everything.
"I'm sorry for everything. If- If I ever hurt you when you were younger, I'm sorr-" he stops once he sees Dean tense and rub at the back of his neck, he shakes his empty soda can before he gets up.
Dean smiles warmly, "Yea-" but they both knew that he was getting a minor case of cold feet. "Course I wanna marry you, you're hot-" leans in and kisses the mans salt and pepper colored stubble. "Who wouldn't wanna marry you?" makes an obnoxious
"I called you dad-" his voice is tight, uncomfortable.
"I'm not even listening anymore." Castiel whimpered, beginning to fuck himself on the fingers inside of him.
"Was that okay?" Castiel asks him, pressing a kiss to his forehead. No response- Dean had fallen asleep quickly after the second orgasm and he felt a tinge of guilt at not having noticed.
Dean looks over his shoulder before shutting off the water, leaving the ruined pan in the sink. "Was gonna make you some eggs but I burnt them-" Castiel laughs. "-how about we go to the diner? They have specials in the morning-"
He whimpers in the silence of the room- his door was locked- he could try to finger himself but he was scared. He hasn't really done it before. His phone pings again.
"Yea, he's fine-" Dean puts a couple of hot dogs in the microwave, enough for leftovers in case they get hungry again later. "He collapsed-" and saying those words aloud have him feeling a little off balance. It takes him by surprise, it's been a while since he's felt dizzy like this.
"You need some sugar and salt in your body right now." She crouches down so she's on his level as he's sat on the chair, Castiel had made her aware of his issues in the past. From John, to his eating habits. Dean looked healthy, but he ate less than he probably should.
“Oh...so if you like how your relationships with women turn out, why did you look for men online? Just for sex?”
Castiel swallows the knot in his throat and his eyes look to John standing by the door who nods in some kind of submission in order to keep him around. "We'll work something out-"
"Can I call home? My dad said if I felt sick again today he would come get me." he lies.
of it.
Dean's looking up at his sexy step father and innocently asks "What are you gonna do-" while Castiel is silent like he's thinking about something, his warm fingers trace along Dean's jawline. "Cas-" he says, his voice clearly showing his level of arousal. "C-can I suck it-" he bats his eyelashes. Castiel groans and pushes down his pants down to his knees. His already hard cock now inches from the teens face.
Castiel winces in pain and being overly stimulated, "Aghh-" his thighs try to close on instinct because he's already had more than enough. "John, stop-" his eyes are shut tightly, "It fucking hurts-"
The guy with long hair shook his head, “ Honestly he could use some company. I’m sure he will be happy to have a visitor- by the way I’m Sam. “
That same night Dean is laying in bed, sleeping, or at least trying to. But these nightmares aren't letting him do so peacefully, flashes of his father are running wild, a horror movie playing behind his eyelids. The screams, the yells, the hitting, they all replay in his mind. Memories of pain at the mans hand have him tossing and turning in bed, there's no comfortable position.
"Alright-" he kisses those pink lips once, "Babygirl."
Castiel feels his eyes well up with tears, "I'm not a nanny." the other man just called him a baby and left the room. The teen stirs in his sleep, opening his pretty green eyes. "Hey-" he blinks away his tears. "-want me to help you into bed?" Dean nods and he lifts the boy up in his arms, bridal style and takes him to his bedroom.
The truck was filled with Dean's horrible singing all the way back- who knew he loved the song
Castiel already hates him, "Again, who are you and what are you doing here, with my son?" Dean blushes furiously, looking at the two men and hoping they don't fight.
The sun is completely down now and the city is scarier that it had been, it was ten in the evening and he knew this because he asked some lady for the time. Castiel should have been here by now. He called him nearly two hours ago. Dean unlaces his boots and reties them just so he has something to do. Eventually he ends up biting his nails and quickly stops from doing that- his hands have been everywhere today, even if he did wash them before eating.
Castiel was excited to get to spend the next two days hanging out with John's son since it was the weekend and he had those days off. Although they didn't do much really, mostly sat around on the couch watching movies all day but it was the highlight of his entire week.
"Where you crying in the bathroom?"
"Alright kitten, why don't you go to your room, I'll follow you." Dean gets up and Castiel stops him, "I want you to crawl." He nods and gets on all fours, crawling to his bedroom- his step dad follows him the whole way. Once inside he closes the door, locking it- he scoops the teen up from the floor bridal style and tosses him on the bed. "Be a good kitten, show me your little ass-"
Dean stands there for almost a minute completely dumbfounded and no doubt flushed in the face until Castiel waves him over to his booth. He rushes over and sits down, unable to hide the smile on his face because it felt so damn nice to get his friend something sweet. Castiel wasn't jealous, simply wrapping an arm around him and telling him he did good in picking that necklace out of her.
Castiel pushed his black rimmed glasses up the bridge of his nose, "We'll see." He could see the worried look on his face, "Hey, everything's fine-" Dean comes around the table and does something he hasn't done in
Castiel leans against the house, by the window and waits for him. His eyes fixate on the stars above him until the bedroom window opens, "Finally-" he looks up to see a very damp Dean Winchester with a simple towel wrapped around his waist. This has to be some kind of
"No."
He doesn't know why but he tells the truth-well, a version of the truth. "My
"Aww you like it-" John's demeanor changes, now kissing and slobbering all over the boys face. His fingers rubbing his sons asshole gently between his cheeks, "Your mom got sticky like that too-"
Dean turns around, completely confused as to what those words mean. "What does that mean?!" and the older man just smiles, his car backing away. "Wait!"
Castiel’s hand slowly found it’s way underneath the sheet covering the older man, his warm hand running up the man’s leg up to his inner thigh.
The next time he sees him, he looks more aware of what's going on around him and that brings along some peace. Castiel smiles at him faintly when he sits back down, even takes his hand to hold onto.
Dean can't find it in him to get up- he spends two hours leaning against the coffee table where he had been shoved, his mind unable to process seeing his father twice in such a short period of time after so many years. It's not until he sees a truck pull up outside with a logo from the local furniture store- then Castiel's car pull up behind it that he gets up off the floor, making his way to the door that was already left wide open by his father.
Dean lays back again, "Night Cas."
The teen shrugs before saying, "When I get anxious, my stomach feels all weird-" shrugs again, "I hate this feeling-"
Castiel looks pensive for a moment, "You're right. We should do this more often-you know what, every few months- we'll come visit."
"Are you-" Dean steps into the room, "-okay?"
Castiel can't afford to fall apart, literally. Both John and his son depend on him, but the only one he minds is John. It's quiet enough in the bar, only a few people left before last call so John scoots his chair over to the doctor. His hand begins to rub up and down the smaller mans thigh.
Castiel chuckles, "Are you sure about that? You've made me bleed more than once-" and he's talking about the several punches to the face he's received at the boys hand. "You're telling me you never got
He was pretty cool like that.
"El Soldado-" Only Dean's got that one, he puts a button over the soldier. Oddly enough it only served to remind him of his father. They continue playing the game for a few hours, it wasn't as boring as they thought it would have been, while they do they converse and talk about future plans.
Castiel gets up so he can look at the cookies from the ovens window, "Actually, they look done. Back up-" and the boy gives him some room so he open the ovens door, "They're done-" the aroma of chocolate chip cookies wafts into the air almost instantly, blanketing the home in the lovely warm scent. "We have to wait until they cool down before we can try them-"
His eyes catch a glimpse of the rose in Dean's hand, "That's disgusting, no way you're using that on-" but the look on his face has him giving in. Why not let him have some control for once, it's well deserved after all.
Castiel waves back, the sad look is still on his face as he watches the truck drive away before going inside- as soon as he does he notices the smell is worse than ever. He doesn't have a basement like Bobby does, so nothing down there could be the culprit. There's no attic either. He seriously contemplates having pastor Jim come by and blessing the place- that's a good idea, he'll have to call and ask Bobby for the number. Castiel has no clue what happened in this house before he moved in, maybe it was haunted, maybe it was John. It didn't matter, he needed to take a quick shower.
It's so unbelievable, does he even know that he's doing that? Acting so cute and pretty for him? No, he must be going fucking crazy. Whatever he's feeling is wrong, it's
Dean falls into his bed, face first after having crawled back in through his bedroom window. He really couldn't wait until his birthday because then he would be legal and no one could tell him that his relationship with Castiel was wrong. Because it was
When Bobby gets home his nephew is already inside the house and hiding from his would be husband. The door slams shut and the teen is ordering him to lock the damn thing behind him and moves to peek through the curtains to see if the man he loves is out there waiting to kill him for what happened.
Castiel's eyebrows raise slightly in surprise, not expecting this type of question at all. "No, of course not-"
Once Castiel is done cleaning them both up he runs his fingers through the back of the boys hair again. "Who am I?" he tugs.
"Feel better." she smiles and Dean knows she could care less how he feels.
"Good, because you're mine-" John steals a rough kiss from the younger man. "You better not be lyin' to me."
Sex wasn't the end game, it never was in this room because all they ever do in here was hump each other to climax. Well, Castiel's climax that is. Yet something felt so different about tonight, like they both knew that their usual routine wouldn't satisfy either of them this time. They both wanted more and it was going to happen, it was going to happen right
"Shit-" Castiel curses, "Baby, in the nicest way possible- I'm telling you that I love you. I love you so much but you're my boyfriend, not my
Bobby took Dean to the diner for breakfast before his therapy appointment and the boy does nothing but sulk and pout in the truck the whole way. Can't
"What did you and your dad do while I was gone?" the question is asked so casually because he's genuinely interested in what they had gotten up to in his rare absence.
Almost an hour later the pizza comes by deliver and Dean is instructed to open the front door and pay the man. He was just happy to keep the almost eight bucks in change because his father rarely gives him any money. Their night is spent watching some animated show that Dean had wanted to watch as they devour the pizza, every now and then they laugh at what's happening on the television.
He was adrift from reality. His days consisted of
When the camera is finally found at the bottom of his bag, he retrieves it and turns around to see his muse in a wonderful position.
Dean quickly moves to get himself and spider man under the covers next to Castiel who finds the new closeness uncomfortable but
well, but the man was completely smitten with him and it wasn't totally in a romantic way. Not at all, at least that's not how it began. He was in denial about his feelings for the boy and would be for a more months to come before all hell would break loose.
After a while of sitting outside alone with his thoughts, that same strong smell makes it's way into his nostrils and he's reminded of the fact that the body of his former met is still laying out back. Dean hauls himself out of the chair in search of a shovel to give the poor thing a proper burial. After he's got one of his uncles older shovels, his feet drag him towards the body.
"My stomach hurts-" he rubs his midsection, down low and Castiel knows instantly that it's not his appendix. Which is a relief. "I thought I had to go-but I can't."
"Alright, guess we're all going to bed early tonight-" he guides the boy down the hall to his bedroom and tucks him in. "I was thinking we should go shopping tomorrow, get you a jacket that isn't your dads-" he laughs softly and Dean nods, already fading away into dream land. "Goodnight-" Castiel runs his fingers through his hair before getting up and closing the door behind him.
"I love you too, Dean. I always have."
"Come eat boys!" Bobby yells and both boys come running over, "You two eat dinner yet?" they shake their heads. "Good, Cas will serve ya guys-"
a girl."
"You're fucking crazy-" Dean says before attempting to walk away from him but Castiel grabs onto him, man handling him into a forced embrace. "Let go-" he struggles against the older mans strong grasp on him.
Dean swallows before speaking up, "Um-" now the man pauses to give him his full attention. "About what happened at the courthouse-" this would be the first time that they would be discussing what happened.
Dean nods and stands up, "Thanks-I'm dying for a shower." Benny drives him all the way back to the house and Dean is forced to listen to all the advice he's being given, about life and staying away from drugs and the wrong crowd. When the car is parked, they talk a few more minutes- "Thanks man, dunno why I get involved with bad people-"
"Sorry, Dean." Dean sees her face become blurry, she does look sorry. He doesn't pass out or fall asleep, he just notices that all the fight has left his body. He's not angry anymore, he's nothing right now. Now that's he's calmed down both nurses exit the room, leaving him alone with Castiel again.
Castiel pulls away enough so their eyes can meet, "Because of our talk?" and tries not to count the freckles on the teens face because it was impossible. He's tried many times, eventually all his freckles just blend together or he finds new ones that didn't seem to be there before.
Dean's lips part but no sound slips out of him, because they both know that Bobby is inside the home not to far away. The man behind him man handles his body into a doggy style position. Again, he looks over his shoulder to see what's happening behind him. Castiel places one knee on the bed and looks to be contemplating something, looks like he decided against it because he steps back to pull his pants back up.
"We can't-" Castiel pulls away, bringing the boy off the counter. "You gotta go home baby."
The man comes and gives him a toothy smile before exiting and once again, locks the door behind him and goes to spy on them from the window. When the three guys finally get into the van and drive away, that's when he relaxes and goes to the kitchen to finish eating.
Dean cried as he finished cleaning up the diner for the next day and closed up. After a few weeks of not speaking to Benny at all, they still worked side by side in silence and ignoring what happened. Benny still smiled at him when he came in, still patted him on the back for a job well done at the end of the night but it was different now. Benny didn’t open up about his life anymore, he didn’t invite Dean to go fishing again, he didn’t want to see him outside of the diner anymore. They had gone on a few fishing trips before his dad died, of course John was there too. Benny and John had been close friends, he watched Dean grow up from a toddler until now.
" It's trendy I suppose but it makes the drink better. "
Dean grunts, nodding with excitement and his cute sharp teeth are digging into the leather of the belt in his mouth.
Dean hugs his dad forcefully and then his brother, that hug lasts a little longer that it should have. "Take care, Sammy-" he kisses the top of his head before messing up his hair even more than it was. "Visit me soon-" he pleads before getting rushed out of the visitation room along with everyone else.
Castiel's head falls backwards, "You always suck it like it tastes good-" his words sound breathless and broken.
"Maybe we should hold off on the touchy grabby stuff?" there's a hint of a smile on his face, even if it is a sad one. "Come on-" lightly punches the older mans arm, "I'll be all yours in a few months-"
Dean snorted, "That's not all I wanted you for."
"My dad is stupid, you're probably an awesome boyfriend-" Dean looks up at him with this cute needy look on his face "I wish we could be boyfriends."
by now. He wasn't at all surprised that no one was home on his birthday. No one ever is. Castiel works late and dad- he's always at the bar. That much he does know. Dean opens the fridge to get a snack and completely misses the birthday cake Castiel had gotten him on the lower shelf. It's a basic sheet cake with rainbow butter cream frosting.
"As I said, his fall was serious and we don't know anything just yet-" her face softens, seeing the pain on the sweet face in front of her. "We would have called you about this but-" looks in the doctors direction. "You weren't his emergency contact-"
He wipes his mouth on a napkin, "Gonna go work on my car." he says before going out back.
(Humiliation kink)
"Kinda thought you were into like- bondage parties or some crazy shit like that, thought that's why you never talked about life before us-" and he looks completely serious while saying that and it makes Castiel laugh, "What!" he whines, "You're a freak, Novak."
"Think I'm gonna hurt myself?" Dean says softly against the door, "You have no idea how bad I want to hurt-how bad I want-" his voice dies down.
Castiel asks, "You okay?" during dinner because the boy hasn't said anything at all since the store, not one word.
"Thirteen!" she screams and lunges forward to slap him- Castiel looks at her in shock. "He was just a little boy...no wonder he's having such terrible anxiety." her voice becomes a whisper but she's still angry. "I want you to leave. Your shift is over, you need to go or I'm calling security."
Dean groans at the memory- "I tried to get away-"
He felt so ashamed about  how awful he was  to Dean...he had been so childish.
"Feels like somethings physically wrong with me-I fucking hate this shit-" Dean mumbles, his hands gripping the arm rests again. "Feels like I'm gonna fall off the planet or somethin, feels like if I move I'm gonna fall. Ugh fuck this shit-" he tries to get up but again feels like he needs to hold onto the chair. He can't help himself and his shoulders shake as he begins to cry.
Dean bites back a whimper, he never liked being on top like this- it hurt worse than doggy or missionary but he didn't want the man to be freed just yet. Suddenly Castiel's hips slam upwards and he cries out in pain. "Damn it Cas!" he slaps the man under him in anger but Castiel loved it. "You like that?" he nods so he does it again.
"Please stop-" he begs sweetly, "I'm scared-"
The whole thing has him crying like baby, tears soaking the sheets under his face before squealing in anger into his pillow once he's left alone.
Although Castiel cut ties with him suddenly 2 months ago and ran out of him, he did want to give things a try. It would take a good long while before he could trust him with his heart. For now he just wanted to take care of Castiel and show him the good things in life. Maybe buy him a new car or pay for him to live in an apartment. He loved the idea of Castiel living with him but knew it was a bad idea. Especially so soon.
The next few days Castiel dials Dean many times, he doesn't pick up. Every time he comes before or after work to ask Bobby if he can see Dean, he's nowhere to be found. Supposedly he'd been spending time with Robin at her house. He doesn't know what to believe. When it's Sunday, Dean can't escape him. The teenager is pulling on his jean jacket as he walks down the porch steps, "You're going to class today." he stands up from where he'd been sitting on the rocking chair on Bobby's porch, waiting.
Nerves and anxiety overwhelmed the nineteen year old.
"The diner-" he ties the laces, "I'm gonna study there. I love your house Bobby but I'm kinda getting cabin fever here-"
Castiel feels eager for some adult conversation so he indulges in telling her more of the truth because he does value the nurses friendship. Honestly, he can't remember the last time he's had a good friend in his life- his last real friendship was with
Castiel bites his tongue before turning over onto his side of the bed to get some sleep like getting treated this way is the most normal thing ever.
"I miss your voice." Castiel sighs into the phone and he plops down onto his bed and digs into his fries. "I'm almost done painting your room today, the pink looks nice." Dean snorts, "Remember when you wore that dress for me?"  and he almost chokes on a fry. "You were such a good girl for me. Fucked you nice and hard on the table. Remember?" Dean nods as if he could see, "I can't hear you-"
He groans again, opening one eye to look at him with. "Damn it Dean, go home."
After setting his backpack on the floor by the door he comments, "You know this is a fire hazard right?"
The boy grows shy when his father glares at him and he puts his art project away with the rest.
"What happened in here here-" he yawns obnoxiously loud.
Dean bites his lip, "I know, Cas." he reaches over and touches his face for a second, "I know."
When Dean sees Jo- it's not what he imagined. He imagined her in bed pale as a ghost from all the blood loss but she was there in her pink jammies, her hair up in a messy ponytail. She was watching cartoons in bed, Sailor moon or some shit- he vaguely remembers the anime but he can recognize the theme song. "Hey."
Eventually Castiel whispers, "I love you-" into the teens sweaty hair. "-so much, I'm so sorry." he nods and listens to him speak without responding, at least not right away. "I mean it-" he hooks a finger underneath the teens chin to lightly force him to look up into his eyes. "I'm sorry and I'll spend the rest of my life making you feel loved because I do love you-" his blue eyes tear up. "I love you more than I love my own life-"
Ash smiles, parking by the wooden fence. "I'll see you next week-" he says, because it was Thursday, the last day of classes for the week. "Take it easy man-"
drunk."
Today, Castiel tutors him and they spend hours doing his school work. Hes quite surprised that Dean's actually motivated to finish before the end of August.
Dean looks up at the sky too, realizing that Castiel will be home any time soon if he wasn't there already that is. Luckily he doesn't drive this far out so he wouldn't spot them talking anyway.
"Cocaine?" Castiel asks him yet again, his tone very angry and his face is red. "What the fuck are you thinking!" he yanks the covers off the shivering teen. He looks sick. "Answer me!" Bobby opens the bedroom door and demands to know what's with all the screaming.
"Okay I guess, I like her more as a friend." Dean buckles up.
Once they settle in on the porch, they make sure Bobby is out back getting some work done before he begins the conversation. "What's wrong?" he asks the teen boy who sits on the rocking chair next to him on the porch. He shrugs, looking down at his dress shoes. "You can talk to me about anything."
Bobby frowns, "That was last week-" suddenly his hand is pressing against his forehead as if to check for a temperature. "Ya feel a little warm, think I should call an ambulance-"
“Hmm...I can do that.” Dean inched closer to Castiel and let his lips touch his ear as he whispered “Now, Open your mouth for me. I want to taste you.”
"How'd it go?" His uncle asks.
Outside by the fire Castiel had started, they sit on a couple of fold out chairs they had brought for the trip. "You're  burnin' it!" Bobby yelps, pulling Dean's arm back so his hot dog doesn't get to close to the fire. "Your daddy shoulda took you campin'-" he sighs, realizing this hot dog has gone to waste- he's burned three already.
Castiel hesitates for a minute before pressing his lips to the boys baby soft skin once more. "Muuuah-"
"Where are you?" he whispers again, "As soon as I'm done here at the hospital I'll come get you baby-" he listens to Dean telling him where he is, two towns over- maybe an hour and a half away. "-damn it Dean, why-" he pauses to exhale. "-it doesn't matter. I'll come get you soon, stay put." they're about to hang up when he says, "Dean, I love you-"
Castiel nods, "-I know."  before taking a deep breath and stands up because no matter what happened the night before, he still has a job to do. "I'll leave him, I promise."
"I have a migraine." Castiel groaned.
Everything is going well as they pick up the things on Castiel's list, until the guy accidentally knocks over a stack of toilet paper rolls over. "Careful-" Dean takes the shopping cart from him. "You okay?"
Castiel's handsome face saddens, "Classy. Why don't you come eat with me? I got us pizza for dinner."
Once it's over the man rolls off him and falls asleep instantly but Castiel, he had to get up and take a quick shower to rinse off his body before going to sleep. He'd just gotten fucked ten minutes ago but he's already sore as hell and limping into bed. As soon as his head hits the pillow, he's dead to the world.
Dean has his bottom lip caught between his teeth, breathing harshly through his nose- he's watching his cock plunge in and out of Castiel's hole. They're both surprised he's lasted this long his first time being a top.
Sam glares at Dean for a second as if to say that 3 sips of a shake and a few fries is barely anything though he keeps quiet, not willing to ruin their night. Castiel looks down at his watch, it's almost midnight. The movie is over now.
No one warned him that Dean Winchester would have all these issues. He's moody and codependent as all hell, needy and jealous, curious and so damn emotional. Dean's a long list of do's and Don'ts, and the lines are blurred on both ends of the spectrum.
" I'm off in an hour, I'll meet you in your car and we'll talk this out. " He smiled against leather and breathed in the cologne that was Dean.
"Downward facing dog." She smiles casually before bending down to tie her all white sneakers. "You know, I could show you how to do-"
Sam gives him the controller to the play station and lays back on the carpet, sighing in wonder. "Whose that guy livin' at your house? He's always there."
Once the door closes behind him, "John, where the hell where you last night?" is the first thing to come out of his mouth, "You're never fucking home, I have to watch Dean all the damn time-" the words are just spilling out, laced with anger and hurt.
Dean's pulled up onto his lap- "Ride me." he's so turned on while watching Castiel fumble with the small bottle of lube- any fear he had has completely left his body. "Ready?" he asks him. When he nods, Castiel helps guide Dean's ass over his cock until it slips in and they're both surprised by how easily it slides in. "M-God-" he groans.
"I'm gonna go buy some candy or somethin'-" he mumbles before exiting the older vehicle.
Castiel grew up in time where there were manners, where you had to court someone and marry them. He's old school at heart, so everything with Dean matters to him- but he's being stupid now, he can never be with Dean. Not in the real world, can't take him out to a movie or a date- the boy could easily pass for his son because of the drastic age difference.
Dean nods, willing himself not to cry again because those words will always hurt. "-yea." he whispers. Their clothes end up tossed carelessly along the hall that leads to Castiel's bedroom, where they quickly made love. "Cas-" he asks as they lay spent in each others arms on the bed.
Who the hell knows, maybe he's doing all this for fun and games.
All he knows for sure is that he chugged almost half a bottle of his Bobby's whiskey within the last 48 hours and that he cried a lot.
-" then there's a moment of silence. "Since I started eating more, I get-" the conversation is hard for him to continue but does so anyway. "I get backed up, alright?"
Dean watches him, he kinda looks sexy with it in his mouth. "You smoke?" Castiel nods. "Always thought you were too much of a nerd-"
The whole act feels like scratching a never ending itch that feels so damn good. "Ugh-" another soft sound escapes him, and lips are kissing his neck now. "Ugh, Cas-" his bottom lip is caught between his teeth briefly. "Mmm-"
Of course the man obliges instantly to his request and soon his pants are dropped to the floor, pooling around his ankles. "God, it's amazing-" his eyes are locked on the cock standing at attention just for him. "I love you-" the words are said while looking down at
"Shut up, you'll get them back when I trust you again."
“I’ll talk to him, I can tell him you’re interested in seeking therapy together. As a couple. He might talk to me.”
Tan coat guy smiled awkwardly, the kind of smile that says 'Oh god sit anywhere but here...anywhere but here.'
I have other pictures, pictures of Bobby, Garth, and
"You mean a milkshake?" Dean hides his smile by looking out the window.
Castiel scoots closer to him, "Look at me-" and he looks. "What makes you think you're a monster?-" his voice is full of genuine concern.
"Tell me you love me-" John groans, slamming into his ass harder- hitting that sweet spot suddenly, once he found it he knew exactly where it was, hitting it every time he pushed in.
to make them is a far better description of what's going on right now.
"Alright, Alright-" he says loudly before rinsing himself off and stepping out. It doesn't take him long to dry off his body so he's out of the bathroom within two minutes. "All yours-" his voice is soft and he locks the door behind him once inside the privacy of his bedroom.
Even his lovely wife knows her husband likes to fuck pretty teenage boys and she's beyond understanding about his specific needs. The woman is cool, she's hip and she gets it.
John leans over, "What the hell are you gonna do about it?" the doctor doesn't say anything and looks away. "That's what I thought-" before his son can manage to come back he mentions, "Would me fucking you tonight make you forget about this?-"
The man was looking dead ahead, not making eye contact but this time he had a shopping cart with more item's.
"He's eleven-" Castiel defends the boy, eyes cast upwards at the taller man from where he still sat at the table.
Just as he expected- the paint was chipping on the outside, the grass hadn't been cut in weeks and it didn't take a genius to come to that conclusion- the glass went up passed his knees- and there were five bedrooms just like he had been told. The house had a creepy vibe to it, maybe it was haunted or maybe he was just dreading the thought of living alone. He hadn't lived alone since right after med school. After signing the lease and grabbing the keys to his new but
The man looked disgusted. " On second thought I am going away on business and can't- "
Once his IV bag is empty they remove it completely since he won't be staying the night, Castiel had arranged to take him home that night after his shift. The drugs haven't worn off by the time a nurse guides him into the waiting room so he can wait until he's ready to go home. Dean giggles as he's being guided to a chair. "Muh legs are jelly-" he plops down on the chair, looking up at the nurse with his big green eyes. "You got any snacks here or no?"
Castiel sits up quickly, bringing Dean along with him, cradling him like a baby. "Shh, it's okay. I'm sorry for what I just did." Dean just cries harder into his neck. "I'm so sorry."
house. Did Dean mind? No, he's only Ten years old and he likes daddy's friend. He liked all the snacks he brought home because they were the
The day had not been an easy one, having to get it all ready for a man who might not even come home. He knew this, he knows John must be at the bar down the street drinking himself to the brink of sickness, he just didn't have the heart to tell his son that. He'd been so excited the whole day and had helped out so much. The reason for his anger was completely understood.
It's pretty tame and innocent until he hears her moan and that's when he loses his mind because he wants to hear more of that sweet sound. Dean pulls up her skirt just enough so he can rub her over her panties, she moans again and that has him pulling them aside to massage between her wet lips.
"I don't know why you keep calling me that-" he states mindlessly as he scribbles down his signature on a few orders.
Dean knocks on Castiel's door and soon the scruffy man comes to open the door. He smiles like he wants to laugh. "You made these?" his eyes are focused on treats in his hands.
She left and never came back.
"Of course you do."
"John Winchester?" one of his teachers comes up to both men and begins to gush about how smart the mans son is. "-he shows real promise, the boy really loves his Science."
"There's a bag of frozen peas, bring me that-" his tone is tight, angry, but not with the boy.
"Let me guess, the dental hygienist?"
Dean pulls away, "I'm not a girl-" his eyes look up at the older man, seriously.
"I love you-" the deep voice cuts the silence after a few minutes, after he's returned from washing his hands in the bathroom.
Dean hesitates, "I-feel worse than I tell you."
is coming to live with us-" and before Castiel gets angry over calling him his friend once again he whispers in his ear, "-the kid is only eleven, he doesn't need to know I fuck you in the ass."
Dean sighs shakily, nodding. "Yea-" sighs heavily out of exhaustion. "Now, go make us some money-"
and he lets go, moaning cutely with every wave of the orgasm as it comes.
Only if he were like that too, but he's not in the least bit. Everything seems to give him a stomach ache, or make him queasy. His therapist keeps reassuring him that it's only his anxiety. So it really is all on his fucking head and it really sucks, knowing that his mind is stronger than his body is. His train of thought leads to dark places while he lays next to his sleeping uncle.
Castiel kisses his hand again, he's got no clue what he's saying but he agrees to it anyway. "Just us, we'll go-" Dean falls asleep with the hint of a smile on his face, he gets up to kiss him goodnight. "That does sounds nice-" his lips press against his warm cheek next, "Just get better for me baby-" After he checks Dean's fluids one more time he leaves the room.
Dean sighs, "I know, you wanna take about-"
"Does dad know I'm here?"
"Why the hell are you tryin' to fuck me when I'm asleep?" Dean gives him a pissy face.
John was confused as to why he would be calling Castiel so late at night and he's kept awake half the night wondering why Dean would be calling him at
The man chuckles and it sounds almost cruel but his questions go unanswered.
"Robin a vampire or wut?" Bobby watches Dean work through the window. "Boy's got hickies all over his darn neck-"
but something inside of him had been changing for months now. He was so sure that one day he would wake up and murder his overly sweet wife and kid which was such a scary thing to daydream about. It's all it was, the daydream of a man who was on the cusp of his thirties with no where else to go in life.
Castiel kisses Dean to shush him. "Yes we do. She's a girl Dean, she can get pregnant."
When he makes it back to the house he carefully walks in through both the front door and  the screen as carefully as he can manage without making noise but he's caught anyway.
Castiel smiles, knowing he tried but he still did a great job. "You did good." he kisses his temple. "I don't care how much you eat, as long as you eat."
Castiel pulls into the driveway with a groan because the mechanics impala was parked there when it usually wasn't at this time in the afternoon. Going inside right then seems dreadful so he stays in his car to finish his iced coffee before tossing it in the garbage can that had been set out by the curb for trash day.
Castiel changes into something more comfortable- sweatpants and a shirt- before going out to join the teenager on the couch for a movie. "Here-" he tosses the phone onto his lap.
from last night.
Dean ignores the question, his heart is beating a mile a minute. Castiel brushes the woman's hair out of her eyes, a soft smile on his face. The whole scene looked romantic, sort of like a date.
Ash says, "Mhm-" with a whole lot of attitude. "Seriously, do you like guys or not?"
Everything he had been thinking and feeling, no longer existed. Everything had vanished. The only thing that mattered in the world, is Dean.
Castiel rubs up and down his back uncomfortably, "You're okay." Eventually the boy falls asleep in his arms and he watches him sleep soundly, admiring his long thick lashes and adorable baby cheeks. He sighs, rocking the boy in his arms. That's when the front door unlocks and opens to reveal a dripping wet John Winchester. "Hey." he whispers loud enough for the man to hear.
Castiel stops him, "You're not- what Gordon did was-"
Castiel rolls his eyes in a mixture of annoyance and adoration before pushing the shopping card towards the registers. He notices how Dean is walking so closely too him and being shy, like a toddler might.
Castiel swallowed dryly, his cock was hard again. He didn’t think that could happen again so soon after two intense orgasms. He had seen this in porn before so he decided to give it a try, he grabbed his cock at the base, inching forward to slap the older man’s cheek with it. Gently.
Castiel backs away instantly, "I'm sorry-I'm so sorry-I miss you."
"Cas and I-we- I just don't want to be home right now-" he rushes the words, when his friend says yes he hangs up and only takes his pillow with him. He remembers to lock his bedroom door before sneaking out the window in case Castiel comes to check on him- when he finds the door is locked he will assume he's still mad at him. As he crosses the dark street to Jacks house he finds him standing by the front door waiting for him. "Hey-"
Dean nods, "Yea, it made me tired-" and pushes down his shirt without thinking what just happened was weird because his mom used to do this to him all the time when he was younger. Blue eyes scan his small body innocently before landing on the small tent in his shorts and he quickly covers himself up with his hands with a loud gulp of humiliation.
Maybe it was the fact that today felt just like any other day or perhaps that they went on their separate ways in the morning like today was no big deal. Whatever it was, it made Dean feel weird about this and it's not what he imagined the biggest day of his life to be.
Dean was going to give away the dog to that very same neighbor who found him. It's not like he had to do this, but this particular neighbor was elderly and could really benefit from having
"Did he threaten you again?"
"Cas-" Megs voice is soft, concerned.
"Why not?" Castiel is full of concern, "I'm sure he knows you're starting soon-"
"The diner." The cop nods, listening. "I just wanted to get away. When I got there I ordered-"
"That's enough-" Castiel pulls him off, Dean's thinking he's already going to come but the older man grabs him and pushes him against the hardwood floor, lifting his ass in the air. "You don't mind if I fuck you, do you?"
"One more?" he knows he's pushing it, he
“My brother stays with me, he drove me to the airport and dropped me off. Why would I take my car to a business trip out of town?”
Bobby huffs, "Nothin'-"
Castiel bites his lip and continues pushing in at the angle that gives his lover the most pleasure. "Feeling good there baby?" his cock is pushing in deeply, slowly. The teen under him whimpers beautifully. "I love you so much, you know that- don't you?"
A few days later they meet in the woods behind Bobby's again. Dean hadn't seen Castiel since the day after getting home from the hospital, around mid week he couldn't wait anymore and texted his step dad to meet him
Dean wipes under his eyes quickly with his fingers.
John joins them at the table and everything goes well, they eat in comfortable silence with the occasional comment or joke being made. "Dean eat yet?" John asks eventually as he's finishing up his meal.
expression. "It's okay, medicine is medicine-" he takes the soup he's given, along with a spoon. "It's good baby." the comment is made after he's has had a few sips.
The next morning, on the day of his eye appointment, Dean is sitting down at the table eating some cereal when his uncle walks in. "Mornin' Bobby-" his voice drawls. His spoon is mindlessly stabbing at the cereal that has now gone soggy.
he whimpers, bottom lip caught between his teeth.
Dean sniffles, "Will you visit me?" then looks over his shoulder. "What about him, are you gonna visit him too-" he's referring to
They make eye contact, "Right back at you buddy-" and wraps an arm around the younger boy. "Here's some advice Sammy-" he stomps out the cigarette on the wet porch floorboards. "-don't let dad suck you into his scamming shit."
Castiel nods, "Yes-" and clears his throat because it does make him emotional. Somehow deep down, he understands what the teen wants from him because he wants the exact same thing. He wants Dean Winchester to be his son and his boyfriend, but it's not possible. "Better to let Bobby take over from here, that should give us the chance to work on our relationship-"
He opens the door and Dean's there with his bowl of chili,  "Wut do you want?" Dean takes off his headphones, he was listening to music. "You were callin' my name-"
He shrugs, "I guess I can give it a try. I think it could be fun to work with Robin for a while before school starts." he leans over, planting a kiss on his step father. "I get bored waiting around for you all day-" his face falls again.
"Sure-" he turns around and goes to the kitchen. As he gets their orders ready Lisa comes by, asking him why he's so upset. "Leave me alone, you ruined my life-" he walks passed her, his shoulder brushing roughly against hers on his way out. "Here you go." Dean says somberly to what he is assuming is two guys on a date. "Enjoy." he turns around when Castiel calls his name. "Yea?" he faces them again, looking utterly broken.
Castiel blushes, "You're just saying that-" that hand that was rubbing his chest is now wrapped around his cock. "Ohh, Dean-" the breathy moan escapes him. "You're so good to me-" his forehead comes to rest on the teens freckled shoulder as he receives the best hand job of his life.
Dean whimpers sweetly, "Hmph-" his hands are resting on the older mans broad shoulders. As the kiss gets steamy, his hands run up to his neck, eventually going into his dark hair and tugging at it with need. "Cas-"
"Trust me baby, he won't be there to satisfy you-" he nibbles on the teens earlobe, "-his career is just getting started, so unless you want to be nothing more than his boy toy I suggest you forget about him." Castiel lets go of him right then and opens the cars truck to grab their things.
From this day on Dean and Castiel would start keeping secrets from John Winchester. It started easily enough, but before they both know it they're sharing more than just ice cream behind closed doors. It quickly escalated to an innocent hug here and there, a certain look shared between them or a sweet smile. John never suspected anything and why would he suspect something when Castiel did nothing but treat his son well.
Small but sharp teeth sink into his thick neck yet again, deeper this time and he's instantly hard in his jeans. A small groan escapes him. "Agh-"
"Yea, okay. Cas?" Dean suddenly asks, looking up at him. "If Dad came back, would you adopt me?"
Castiel manages a smile because he really seemed to enjoy having his nipples licked. His long tongue trails down, nipping into his navel for a moment, going lower and lower. When he looks up, he's pleased to see that Dean's biting the hell out of his bottom lip and looking desperate. "You okay with this baby?-" but it's not really a question. Once he's got the teens nod of approval, he carefully pulls down his khaki pants until a very eager teenage cock springs out.
for once, even if he was only being graded on his knowledge for vehicles.
"Don't really feel like shopping, Cas." Dean winces around the Ice pack, "I'll wait here."
"Well she doesn't look it." They drive in silence, "Mind if we stop by the market?" he says as he's already pulling in to the supermarket.
Just wanted to say thank you for the kudos and views guys :) i'm a pretty quiet writer but if you'd like to leave comments I'd appreciate it, I'd like to know if those of you who are reading are liking the story etc  :)
"Ughh-" the teen pulls away quickly for air, a string of thick saliva connecting his mouth to the mans cock breaks.
His hand is wrapped loosely around himself.
"Unfortunately, I do and very much."
"Dean?" Castiel tries to turn him over but Dean stays bent over the table, "Talk to me."
The look of pure hurt on Dean's face has his little rant looking like the biggest mistake ever and he leans over to him. "Baby-" and he's slapped on the cheek for all that he's just said, more to make a point rather than to hurt him. "Dean, please-"
Dean sets the bowl on the nightstand, "Bobby, I love him. There's nothing to explain-"
"Don't go!" Dean cries, "Don't go don't go don't go!" Castiel groans agony.
Castiel laughs, because he's too cute. "Alright, if you're done we can get going-" as they head out yet again, he admires how adorable the boy is as he runs ahead of him to his car.
appointment. Dean doesn't like it- he doesn't want him in the room. Doesn't want him to hear the kinds of things he has to talk about during his sessions but it's too late, Castiel's already invited himself into them and there's no way out of it.
"Cas!" Dean runs up behind his step father, "I'm sorry! It- it-" he stutters. "-things just got out of hand-she came onto me!"
just yet. "I just wanted you to have something nice, besides you should have your own ring-" he grabs the teens hand and removes the previous ring he had given him, the one that belonged to his father. "Here-" he grabs the new ring from it's box and places it on his finger. "How's the fit?"
"In here." Dean taps his chest, over where his heart should be. "It hurts so bad."
"Dean-" he pleads, rolling onto his side now in order to be a little closer. "I cried because I felt so fucking guilty, okay? Is that what you want to hear me say? Because I feel guilty, It's my fucking fault-"
"I love your body no matter what but It makes me happy that you've gained weight-" Castiel reaches down and squeezes his ass. "-there's more to grab." Dean bites his lip anxiously. "Stop whatever you're thinking-" he kisses his temple. "-you're not fat at all."
Castiel chuckles, "You know just how to make me feel better-" the words are sarcastic. "I guess we're going to the diner for breakfast, you finished all my eggs in your little science experiment anyway-" his eyes look over to the empty carton of eggs in the trash by the stove.
Castiel knows the eleven year old boy is right across the hall so doing this is risky but it's not stopping him. In fact, it's egging him on. He wants to do this simply to get his urges out of the way once and for all before having to be in the presence of said green eyed boy.
Dean was sucking in his bottom lip as he asks- "Can I touch it?"
Castiel wiped his tears and walked out of the bathroom, he planned to walk home. He did not want to see Dean ever again. If he couldn’t have a relationship with him, why would he want to see Dean anymore. What kind of friends could they be.
Dean's so needy and so touch starved that he's willing to put himself in risky situations. It's an issue he has to discuss during therapy at some point, but first things first- working through his issues with food. His stomach gives an involuntary growl as his eyes drift shut and falls into a dreamless sleep until morning comes.
His hand emerges from where it had gone to and now hes thinking about what book he will choose for their next read. This club is something he enjoys, meaning he's determined not to ruin it.
Castiel's voice changes, goes darker. "That what you want?" he breathes. His hand gripping the back of Dean's hair, "You want me to fuck both of you?" Dean nods. He looks at Sam, he nods too. "Fine." he throws Dean off his lap so he lands on his back at the foot of the bed, Sam gasps- watching the exchange between them.
so as to not crease or tear the damn thing.
Dean's face goes pink, "Yea-" he smiles. "Whatever they gave me really did the trick-"
It's been almost a week since they were supposed to go on their romantic trip but Dean being too scared to fly delayed their plans. Luckily those plane tickets were refunded just in time and for a minor fee of a few hundred dollars but Castiel was going to keep that little piece of information to himself. There was no use in making Dean feel bad about not flying.
Dean looks up at him, "I can see-" the man stares at him so he confesses, "Alright I need glasses-"
Castiel couldn't understand what the point of what just happened was, It was like a huge mind fuck of a game and he couldn't keep up no matter what he did or how hard he tried to understand the rules.
"You never told me this. I never thought-"
The older man offers him a soda, which he does accept and drinks it, only because it was canned. He would never trust anything served to him in an opened container by a stranger. Even if the stranger happened to be hot as hell and the cause of the wet dream he had the night before.
Castiel nods before getting up from the bed, "Are you going to see him again?" he shrugs. "If you want to be with him, go ahead- but just promise you'll come back to
"What do you want baby-" the man murmurs before diving in again into that warm sweetness that was the teens wet mouth.
"Nothing." Castiel says, urging the other man inside. "His hands are dirty just like-"
John opens the box and pulls out the dark brown leather jacket, "Thanks-" the guy actually looked pleased with it. He stands to try on his new jacket and what do you know, it fit like a glove and made him look all the more charming.
"I know what happened must have caused a great deal of trauma-"
"Give me those back-" he sits down, laughing. "Wait, you can't see can you?" he'd suspected for a while since the teen stole his glasses from time to time.
"What are you trying to do to
Dean smiles, "Sure. I'll come by."
"Dishes?" his eyes glance over to the nearly full sink.
With Castiel now on top of his laying body, he kissed his bottom lip gently. Then tugged on it with his teeth. He whimpered helplessly.
Dean studies his uncle, "Did you want to?" and leans over the car, resuming his prior task. "People don't give a shit what you do-" he huffs, "We hide because I'm too young, what's your excuse-" and it sounds like a challenge, when his green eyes peek up- it was confirmed, he's challenging his uncle.
He hates that Dean sounds so smug and proud about it. "Go to sleep."
Dean shakes his head, "I was getting better, wasn't I?"
"I'm scared too."
"Bye-" there's a quick final kiss before he's gone.
John Winchester never got him anything and never decorated the house while he was growing up so now Dean really came to despise all the twinkling lights and ornaments that seemed to be everywhere they went.
"I know baby-" Castiel leans over and hugs him awkwardly in the vehicles confined space. "I know that-" his hand is rubbing up and down the teens back. "I'm proud of you, finally admitted it-" he pulls away after a while, his thumb rubbing away the tears on his cheek.
Castiel rolls his eyes, "Mhm and what are you going to do when I get old and die?" maybe this was way too morbid for the current moment but it's only meant to be taken lightheartedly.
"I want to be there for you baby, I know you need me." he whispers in Dean's ear after calling the hospital and lying about why he wasn't going into work today.
Castiel comes inside about a minute after hearing the toilet flush, "You used my toilet paper?" his tone is cool, but firm.
Castiel pulls away with a strange look on his face, some kind of cave man puzzled expression. "Talk about what?" swallows dryly. "There's nothing to talk about-"
Dean looks like he might just lose it, "Oh my God! This isn't about Derek!" they're silent for a moment. "You cheated on me- you didn't just kiss someone, you fucked-" Castiel nods somberly, looking down at his empty plate. "I want to get passed it but It hurts. How would you feel if I had sex with Derek?"
Dean hesitates for a moment before giving Castiel a tight hug. He looks up, chin resting on the mans hard stomach. "Thanks."
working so damn hard.
"Nineteen-" at least he was honest about it. "-does that turn you on?" he turns around now, facing him as he grinds against him to the music.
"Sure, there's a diner not far from here."
"Or what-" Dean mocks in a nasty tone, "-you're gonna hit me?" the older man ignores him, tossing the fixed remote on the couch before going to his bedroom to cool off, locking the door behind him. Castiel was in there a few hours before hearing the door unlock from down the hall so he tries his luck, "Cas-" and peeks inside the bedroom to find his step father on the bed.
"Ugh-" Dean moans softly, grinding down against the man's hard body underneath him until suddenly it hits him. "We're broken up asshole-" and rolls off onto his side of the bed, panting.
Castiel tears his eyes away from the basketball game going on in the middle of the yard so he can look at his boy, "You really sticking to me lately-" then refocuses on the men playing ball. "What's going on-" his tone is one of distraction.
"Our secret-" Castiel gives the boy a friendly wink and goes to grab his backpack, guiding him out the front door and all the way to the bus stop. "Would you like me to pick you up after school?" he asks after a few minutes of waiting for the bus to arrive.
The look on Castiel's face when he sees his father is indescribable, "John." he says coldly, "Why are you here?"
Dean walks next door with a tub of soup in his hands, thank God for lids or else he would have spilled it on his way over. "Cas-" he calls as he steps in, he likes to announce his presence since he rarely ever knocks. "Got your medicine and some soup-" he pushes open the door to see his step dad, still in bed. Though now he was reading a book like the nerd he always was, his glasses barely hanging on to the tip of his nose.
His own eyes well up with tears, "Is there anything I can do? To fix this, to fix us-"
Now that the temporary insanity has left him, the consequences of his actions are settling in and it's not good. Dean doesn't know what possessed him to start fucking up after doing so good the last few weeks. His father had called him bipolar once, maybe it was true and maybe he should be on some kind of pill for it. Nah,
"That's okay baby." Castiel pulls him closer for safety reasons and his eyes don't leave the open door until he falls asleep.
Castiel laughs, following the quick change in conversation. "Well, I've been working with a new nurse actually. Hannah-" the teen nods, interest not peeked. "She's very kind, been spending some time with her-"
"So fucking pretty-" Castiel growls, the teens ass was making wet sloshing sounds now- he'd already come inside of it a minute ago but he's still going hard and he won't stop until Dean comes. "Fucking pretty-"
John grabs a dish towel to dry his face off with  and comes into the living room. "Hmm." he rumbles, inspecting the scene before him.
"Aww, that's great."
He's asked the teen many times if he wanted to
"Come here." Castiel says, clearly seeing that Dean's hand is trembling. "I'm gonna be fine."
"Yea-" he sniffles, "I love you too, Cas-"
"Can I see your room?" Dean asks softly. Castiel hesitates for a minute before agreeing. "You have a big room." Dean comments, looking around. When the boy climbs onto his bed he becomes nervous. "My bed is so small-" he comments, relaxing on it. "-your room is bigger than mine."
He was spending a simple quiet evening at home by himself, doing schoolwork. He had met many people this past year at college, no one did it for him. He tried to date but it never felt easy and pure as it had with Dean. Castiel spent many nights dreaming of him...Wishing they would be together. Some days he felt as if he couldn't make it out of bed when thoughts of Dean having moved on plagued him.
"How much is in there?" Dean asks cautiously.
"I mean-" Bobby scratches his head, "You. Just you- you should rent that place."
"Bye!" Dean quickly hangs up so he can help his friend win the game. It's not until they stand up for dinner that Sam laughs at him. "What!"
Only Dean shows up to the kitchen, ready to eat though he doesn't eat much of his burger. "I'm full-" he says quietly after a couple bites.
Dean doesn't believe him, because it's stuck in his head that all
The older man gets out of bed wearing nothing but his birthday suit to go dig around his bag for his fancy camera as Dean liked calling it. Apparently Castiel thinks he's a photographer and likes snapping a whole bunch of pictures anytime they go anywhere that is even remotely exciting.
He's got no clue what he should expect right now or in the days to come- he's come to unfortunately find out that John is a wild card, angry and unpredictable, but what happened last night was something on a whole new level. Hopefully it won't be a recurring thing because it's completely unacceptable. After one abusive boyfriend, he's not about to have another one- not in this lifetime.
or in bed with John who is supposed to be the only man he has eyes for. But this dancer has him hooked and he doesn't want to let this go, even if they know nothing about each other. He thinks about leaving John and running away with Alex.
Castiel takes ones, "Then?"
Dean answers it, "Yea?" It was
Castiel backs off but his eyes fixate on the boys pale pink and plush lips around the straw. Eventually he asks, "Do you wanna kiss me?" and again the boys confused so he clarifies by pointing to his cheek with his index finger. It's like he's a dog with a bone and he knows it but he wants to get as far as he can without committing a terrible crime here.
The next morning, Dean walks into the kitchen to find Bobby sitting
Eventually the mans knee starts bouncing up and down lightly, the suddenness of it causes the boy to look over his shoulder and down at him in curiosity. "Bath time?" his words come out sounding very gravely.
"It was." John sulks, still acting through his teeth. Maybe if he makes the doctor feel bad for him, he'll let more things slide. Things felt awkward on Castiel's end, he doesn't know what to say. The guy fucked and hit every bit of sympathy he had for him it seems. "I love you, please don't ever leave me-" Castiel blinks, gulping. "-don't leave us. Dean would would never stop crying if you left."
"I got you good, didn't I." Dean whispers, "You're so hot when I fuck you.." his fingers begin to rub and claw at the older man's chest and shoulders.
Dean's exhausted and refuses to have lunch, instead he goes to his bedroom for a nap that doesn't end any time soon. Bobby knocks at his door, "Dean?" he's got his dinner in hand. A hot dog and some fries. "Got ya some food." Dean hadn't realized his eyes were open so he closes them, so he can be left alone. Today's session had left him feeling empty and broken and he doesn't understand why.
The rest of the day is unbearable, they're both hot and bothered and feeling closer than they had been in a long time. The honestly of their conversation had made Castiel wonder why he ever even hid it from him in the first place. Dean hadn't judged him or made fun of him, he just accepted it and that made him happy-just maybe he would share the rest of his secrets with him one day.
"So-" Castiel starts, wiping his mouth on a napkin now that he's done eating. "Feeling better now?"
"What's this-" he's looking at his fingers with wide eyes.
But Ash didn't really have a favorite, he just liked that they all sounded like bombs going off. It's all that mattered to him, not the colors. Castiel's and Bobby's though, they enjoyed the sparklers best and maybe that's because they were
Castiel pushes his dick against his lips, "Suck it, boy. Show me what that mouth can do then maybe I won't hurt you." Dean instantly opens up for him, letting it slide into his warm wet mouth. "Good, such a good boy."
"Calm down-" his voice orders sternly, hands now cupping the teens face who simply nods with a shaky sigh. "Bobby and I are trying to protect you, if he didn't tell you about your mom there must be a reason for it. We
"You didn't see-"
Dean gets up to put the pie in the microwave- "Uh- sometimes." Once heated he sits back down at the table, "Why?"
Bobby was going to be gone the whole weekend which means that Dean and Castiel would be alone. Both of them had promised to keep to themselves, and the man actually believed them. Either that or was really that damn desperate for a weekend away with his
The kiss was soft and lingering, and somewhat healing on both ends. The abuse had been a secret kept for so long, from each other and themselves. Neither one of them wanted to admit that they had been hurt in such a way and some of it was innocence, not knowing it was abuse to begin with.
Dean sighs heavily, "Yea- guess I do get off on being humiliated." and sits up in bed, blinking away the head rush. "Better get goin'- wait, do you really need me to do laundry for you?"
"I got it buddy-" he pulls out his wallet once they're at the register. The guy gives him a ten dollar bill as they walk back to the car and he's completely confused as to why it's given to him. "I thought you might need some cash." he clarifies, "You never buy anything from the vending machines at school-"
Castiel groaned and forced himself to walk up the older man’s driveway to go ring his doorbell. No Rolls Royce in the drive. Was he home?
"You son of a bitch-" he whimpers out loud. He grabs a bag of chips and his fourth root beer of the day and goes to lock himself up in his room. That night, Castiel doesn't call him yet again. Doesn't text him either.
He shuts his eyes, trying to remember where it all went wrong- Mom left...Castiel showed up and he had been good with that, there was food and he loved to eat. He loved movie nights with Castiel, he'd order pizza and they'd watch a horror movies.
Right before midnight Dean yawns, "Think I'm goin' to bed now-" he stands, stretching his sore limbs- before limping away. The kind of limp that made his bow legs a little bit more bowlegged. Bobby hadn't noticed anything about the way he was walking, and why would he notice- it'd say something if his uncle was checking out the ass of his own flesh and blood. Bobby wasn't like that, good for him.
"Is that right?" Castiel pushes him back onto the bed, "I can be sweet baby-" Dean gulps as the older man starts to clean him off with his tongue. He flinches because Castiel is going lower, kissing his plush thighs before sucking him down entirely.
Dean swallows the eggs in his mouth, "Uh- yea. When I woke up I cleared the table- you guys finished a whole case of beer-whiskey bottle was empty too." They look confused, that's not how they remember the night going. "Don't you guys remember?"
"We should talk more." One last tear rolls down his cheek, "Miss you so bad-"
When he comes back he's got the boys Batman cup in his hand so he can use it to rinse the boys hair off. "Hope you don't mind-" Dean opens his eyes to see that his favorite cut now had a new use. He shrugs, closing his eyes again. "I think we're all done here. Can you rinse yourself off-" he gestures to his privates and bottom.
Dean nods with a faint smile on his face, "Yea, okay-" huffs a small laugh. "You're right about one thing, I would break your fuckin' nose if you ever hurt me like dad hurt my mom-"
Dean sprinted to catch up to him, “Would you stop it.” He ground out, grasping his arm to yank him towards the car. “You’re coming with me. That’s final.”
"Just do it-" his large hand is roaming freely under the doctors shirt, rubbing up and down.
The shadow that scared him all those times, it was just his father. But now that he was dead, the idea of him coming to check up on his son is something he doesn't want to entertain. It hadn't been that long since his passing, but it seemed like he'd died a long time ago. That day he left was the day he considered the man dad, way dead.
Castiel's hand starts kneading at Dean's plush bottom, until eventually his hand sneaks into the front of his pajamas to wrap around his already hardening dick. "This what you want?" he whispers roughly against the back of his neck. "You want me touching you like this?"
way. What does it even
Dean huffed, sitting up straight, facing Castiel. “Cas, I fell in love once. Didn’t go so well…”
When Castiel shakes him awake in the morning, Dean opens his eyes and opens them wide because he's unable to believe that his whole
Dean looks at him with confusion. "You're depressed? About what?" Castiel gives him a hard look. "-Right. Is there anything I can do?"
She takes another few steps back, "I came to visit him, h-he said it was okay."
has never been his term of endearment.
Castiel looks away shyly, "I felt ugly."
out our lives that way anyhow. I was still young, twenty six to be exact. I was hunting on my own, back when monsters were just a salt and burn. No apocalypse, no demons, and no
"What do you want Cas." Dean rubbed his eyes in frustration. "I'm not in the mood. Please be quiet."
and wash up for dinner. When he says he's not hungry, the man gets pissed and almost ends up smacking the boy right there at the kitchen table.
"Sure, Dean. There's pizza in the kitchen. I'll be back from my run soon."
"Castiel-" the boy had already been awake and had caught him walking by.
Dean looks over his shoulder, completely naked. "Lookin' for something to wear-" he ends up pulling out a large shirt and some boxers to sleep in which both were too big for him.
"Like it?" Castiel asks him, while Bobby and he unload the truck.
The bartender walked by again a few moments later. He ordered a black coffee as well. Suddenly it was all he was craving for. After getting his coffee placed infront of him, he lifted the cup to his lips; and drank.
Eventually his phone buzzes with a message,
"What?" Dean opens his menu, "Oh wait- you guys are hung over." the waitress comes and they place their orders quickly, in a hurry to eat and go home. The service at church- was a little uneventful and lasted way too long.
“No cussing in my car.” Anna sped up, wanting to take him home before he lost it right then and there.
"My eyes are up here." The boys eyes shoot up to meet his. They're so full of confusion and arousal. "That really hurt my feelings, what you said. You said I tasted disgusting." he peels the boy off himself and goes to lay back in bed.
A few moments later it had begun to pour rain, distant thunder was audible but nothing to be alarmed of until the lights flickered. That tore the boy from his conversation with Dean, "I think I should get going. To bed now...You should go home before the storm gets worse. "
The more often the man is out of the house and away from them both, the better things are.
times, like when Dean was much younger. "Here we go-" Castiel serves him on a plate and he doesn't forget the large glob of ketchup- he'd always loved ketchup. "Eat up, I need to take a quick shower-" Dean nods.
"I'm gonna miss you."
"I just wanna-" his lip trembles. "I wanna be normal, Bobby-" his eyes peek up through wet lashes. "Being hopelessly in love with my stepfather is not normal, I know that. I fucking know that-"
"Can I? It hurts-" he still thinks he's faking it but allows it. Before sunrise, it's confirmed that he wasn't faking after all- he awoke to an empty bed and found Dean in the bathroom. He was in the tub, just sitting there with his hand down low on his stomach.
"If I changed by mind about wanting to get married can I quit this shit-" Castiel is hurt by the question but he says no anyway. "Shit." his step dad gets out of the car and notices Dean's still in there so he rounds the vehicle and yanks him out of the car. "Watch it!" he hisses, straightening out his shirt. He's either going to wait out here in the heat or he's going in- he chooses to go in. "Wait!" he runs up to his step dad, following closely behind. Castiel has to walk him to the class room around back and stay until he goes in and sits down because he knows he'd escape if given the chance.
Castiel looks over at him, eyeing him up and down in silence before leaving the cell. The whole day is awkward and they don't speak, at least not until later that night when he gives the boy an unexpected gift at dinner.
"How was school today?" Castiel asks while driving carefully through the after school traffic, really just wanting to get to the store already so they can make it home before the storm hits.
Castiel aggressively pulls him down against his own body, shoving his tongue in that nineteen year old mouth. They make out for a good while before Castiel comes in his pants with a loud but shocked groan. They pull away from each other, panting.
Ash shakes his head, "You licks dicks like that too?"
Dean opens the urn, handing the lid to Bobby before he slowly pours his fathers ashes on the earth. Some of John stays where he's poured, the rest of him floats in the air- carried away by a soft breeze until John Winchester disappears into nothing. Dean shivers, Castiel and Bobby do too. "-all done-" Dean wipes off his hands on his black slacks, he really hated dress pants. They made him feel- well, they made him feel like Castiel. "-let's go!" he walks towards the truck that was parked off in the distance. They follow him.
