"No, it's all right, it's just..." John hesitated, his shoulders rising slightly against both the cold and the topic of conversation. "It's fine. No, Sally wasn't my first."
"John is our Sherlock's best friend at university," Wanda said proudly, though John had a sneaking suspicion what she was
"RIGHT!" Greg was clearly determined to keep things moving. "Lauren, you next." He grinned at the girl to his left, gesturing. "Go for it."
"But why you end up getting so riled up I have no idea. You're
nickname you’ve ever had.”
"Hush," Mrs. Holmes admonished, whacking his arm lightly before resuming her communication with John. "So, John, you must understand that the idea that perhaps Sherlock
"Yes." Sherlock's spine began to straighten slowly, his chin tilting up ever so slightly but not enough to signify arrogance; rather he seemed to be preparing his defensive barriers once again. "And I don't plan on making the same mistake twice. So let me clarify it for you."
"Yes, quite." The voice cleared its throat, the noise loud in the shadowed room. "It is necessary for you to be aware that... just because I... don't... know you..." He sighed, clearly close to giving up. "It doesn't mean that I... don't... it doesn't mean that you aren't..."
John hesitated. “I do… but they’re not important.”
Staring at him, John's tongue darted out from between his lips, the soft skin suddenly dry. "No. I was fine until two months ago, you know that already."
to tell me
"I suppose I could always be a surrogate or something, that way it's sort of like getting two grandchildren in one go -"
“You’ll have to be more specific.” Swallowing hard, Sherlock realises he’s still holding the bow in his right hand. Keeping his eyes fixed on John, he bends carefully at the knee and places it on the floor before straightening back to his full height and realigning himself to deliver his words properly. “Are you referring to me turning around, or... or perhaps...”
His body tensed at the curse from behind him, reacting instinctively as he turned to see what had inspired a rare swearword from the genius who had once mocked John for how idiotic he had sounded when overusing them; his eyes found Sherlock and the problem instantly, a hand cradled to the taller man's chest as the fingers below it rose to catch the droplets of blood that started to trickle over his skin, the offending knife cast aside with a small stretch of crimson arching its edge.
"MY BROTHER IS A GAY MAN, FUUUUCKING HELL. No grandchildren for Mum and Dad, they're gonna blow their fucking
His eyes widened. "Oh, Jesus... fuck, yeah, all right. You... you take care of him then, Sherlock. John, mate..." He shrugged, hands raising to the night sky. "Thanks for coming, yeah? I'll tell John – I mean, Mike -"
"Well obviously not, because if your tone is suggesting what I think you're suggesting -"
Mum to hate you. You didn't try to be agreeable, you didn't even
Sherlock tilted his chin slightly, knowing his arrogance would edge John further towards unmasking himself. "Can't what? Vague, so vague, it's infuriating."
The voice that came from Sherlock’s throat was so unfamiliar in its brokenness, its vulnerability, that Sherlock was unsure that it was even himself was speaking. “I’ve observed relationships for years. I’ve watched people from my pedestal, seeing them converse and interact, somehow gleaning joy and sadness and anger and… love, simply by allowing the constant presence of another person in their lives. I have seen friendships fall, marriages fail, families deteriorate and I have never understood the basis behind them, the foundations. Every connection seemed weak, damaged before it had even taken hold. I didn’t want to understand it. I didn’t want to know.”
He'd never seen Sherlock look so beaten before.
I was ever friends with that woman... it's like nails on a chalkboard!"
A snort came from the other end of the phone. "What, you're allowed to call me at unspeakably early hours of a morning and I'm not?"
glass rather than worrying about the 20:80 vodka to lemonade in mine, John."
John grinned again, barely even conscious of his sudden lift in mood. "Oh please, by all means compliment me."
Sherlock, not one for the masses of people at parties, had struck a deal with both John and Greg: in exchange for one hour of his time being spent at the party he was allowed to spend the rest of it upstairs in his room, during which time he was not to be disturbed by anybody. He was also allowed to choose which hour he would spend downstairs. So far he had spent two and a half hours hiding and no time whatsoever within the company of other people.
...?"
Then again... ah. There was the answer. A small smile formed on her lips.
"Can I come in, John?" His voice seemed no different, perhaps a little slower, softer; the man looked so unwell that John stepped aside instantly, gesturing for him to come in, eyes following his movements as concern rested heavily on his shoulders.
husband, Lord Benedict Londonderry."
John thought wryly, pushing the blankets off of himself completely and swinging his legs over the side of the sofa, well aware of his rumpled clothes and no doubt completely mussed-up hair; almost as if reading his mind and wanting to glorify in the fact, Sherlock glanced over at him and gave him a small smirk.
Watson, J
Barely three minutes later he had received another response.
A shrug, an awkward movement. "Well. All of it. Coming in, being as subtle as an elephant, blaming you. I panicked."
"I was merely wondering if perhaps it's necessary to label yourself when it's a matter of feelings for a singular person rather than for the... appendages."
A voice cut through the haze. "Sherlock?"
"I don't know, I thought you might be tired."
want me to.”
, he would not have been quite as confident, quite as arrogant in a way that was frustratingly attractive as well as irritating and would therefore not have pushed the levels of intensity up to a new high.
"I have fallen in love with you, John."
John had watched their exchange with fascination, but at this point he had to break in. “Not sure the latter is something he can promise, Mycroft.”
He felt as if this should make him feel some level of guilt, remembering as he did how much he had loathed her very existence for years, but it was almost as if the last few months that they'd been back in contact had somehow made those years... irrelevant. Clearly Harry wasn't aware of just how strongly he had felt, and if he could protect her from those past feelings and never have any reason to bring them up – especially since they seemed to actually be finding common ground now that they were young adults – then maybe it was better that he didn't feel guilty. Maybe he could just let it go. It would be good, he mused silently, to be able to let
"Fine, fine."
The man started to cough, a deep and throaty hack which sounded undeniably wet. John felt his jaw tense as the man spat out something to his side before turning back to the two of them. "How do I know he's not armed?"
"Fuck off."
I might have found a window..." The squeak of old, possibly damp wood filled the air between them. "Yes!" Sherlock hissed, suddenly popping out from behind the large bush. "Come on John, into the fray!"
In hindsight, he shouldn't have been surprised:
thing that isn't
With John covered in blankets and holding a steaming cup of tea between his hands, Sherlock sat in the armchair and began to talk.
Slowly Sherlock turned his slender body completely towards John, eyes remaining fixed on his face, unreadable; as he moved, the direction he had turned altered the position of both of their hands, Sherlock's warm and curled fingers brushing lightly against John's cold wrist and dragging from the smaller man's throat a sharp intake of breath and the tiniest jerk of surprise. The ice-blue eyes travelled lower once more, taking in John's hand on his coat for a few moments before raising them back to rest levelly against the gaze that John could not break.
"Mm?"
"No, Mycroft, it's
Sighing, Greg turned around on the spot and shrugged dramatically. "Well what then? It's not like he has friends to go to!" He froze, eyes wide as he stared at nothing in particular. "Well, unless -"
The taller boy nodded, groaning as he started to pitch forward and out of the chair. "No worries. I'm gonna turn in now anyway, got lectures tomorrow. Are you gonna stick around?"
for me, then!"
My eyes are watering..."
Lewis grinned, revealing several gold teeth and more than a few missing. "Course. Went to a bit of trouble for it, too."
Eventually Sherlock had started to rock from side to side, his body barely holding himself up; his eyes fluttered closed, his hands stopped gripping his arms quite so tight.
what I'm thinking."
have some questions for you when you're feeling a little better -"
To never let go.
This, however, wasn't him. The issue wasn't John. The issue, much to his growing edginess, was Sherlock.
John shrugged, feeling utterly useless. "He's Sherlock Holmes, he could be anywhere."
One word; the only word. "John."
Foolishly he tried one last time. "If this is because of your mother -"
A surprised chuckle, quickly replaced with a frown. "That's an image I didn't need to see before bed."
“Whatever, then, but at least admit that you’ve been wondering. Desperation aside, you’ve been trying to ‘observe’ me from the moment I got up and it has to have been driving you mad not to be able to assess what I’ve been thinking.”
The lecture theatre was completely packed out. John was alternating between casually leaning on the wall outside of the room and subtly trying to see through the sliver of glass but, as of yet, he hadn’t managed to catch a glimpse of Sherlock in the mass of students taking notes. He vaguely remembered short, dark, messy curls from the night before – nothing
"Like I said," the voice said, the tiniest smidge of irritation coming through, "he is currently unavailable to talk to anyone."
, do we?" - luckily Tim was too busy pretending to be interested in buttonholes and Wanda too focused on finding the perfect tuxedo to notice, but John was positively fuming by the time they'd finally found a combination of colours and styles to suit him.
Sherlock slowly brought his fingers together, steepling them as he observed John’s attempt to be casual. “May I… be frank?”
"Do you have WiFi here?"
John moved forward until he was at Sherlock's side. "Any good with that thing?"
"Mike."
Lauren's expression darkened. "You want me to go on my own?"
“No, I'm not.” The strength it took to argue with her was immense, as was battling against the familiar oppression she exuded when it came to all things emotional; it was exhausting, truth be told. This whole bloody ordeal, visit, was exhausting. He hadn't quite anticipated it, the sheer force and weight it would throw at him simply from returning to this house – maybe it was avoidance, or maybe it was just that he had thought he was strong enough, mature enough to handle it now that he had experienced more of the world for himself without the constant pressure of living under this roof and the expectations he had enforced upon himself as the stable, dependable son. Whatever it was... well, he had apparently changed since then, within the space of nine months or so, a considerably short space of time. He wasn't the same emotionally-stunted, decidedly ignorant man-child he had been upon leaving for university. True, he was still struggling to come to terms with
“It won't make it any easier, you know, perching upon your seat with that ridiculous expression on your face whilst you ponder what he might be doing at every given moment. Wouldn't it make more sense to...” Mycroft grimaced, his finely-tuned machine of a mind trying to pick the most appropriate wording, “reach
"Greg!" Tim stepped forward, smiling genially and extended his hand for a firm handshake. "Good to see you, my boy, good to see you. You're looking as healthy as a horse! All that hockey, eh?"
John closed his eyes. "Neither."
John’s body audibly shifted on the bed. “You’d never make me believe it, Sherlock. You’ve never shown any hint of a romantic bone in your body.”
Of course he would already know. He knew everything. It embittered Sherlock no end. “It wasn’t my idea.”
"Naturally we put two and two together when Mycroft asked us if you could come and stay. I hope you're not upset that he told us about you?" Wanda seemed genuinely concerned. "He was very complimentary, or at least complimentary in his own way..."
"Pets?"
do..."
John's hand momentarily curled around Sherlock's; if the genius was aware of the movement he did not say a word about it.
"Quiet, sweetie, no need to be embarrassed." Sherlock winked at John, suddenly seeming to be in a remarkably good mood. "Greg's not blind to our raw, sexual tension."
that way."
John's jaw tightened, left hand curling into a ball as he let the words blur to nothing; so Joanne had gone and arranged help for him, had she? Hadn't he expressly said that he didn't want help? I mean, sure, he'd quickly spouted something in his panic about having extra support but he'd thought she had meant with her or with his seminar leaders, not with some middle-aged twat he didn't even know! This William Holmes, this obviously stuck-up, jumped-up PAT or whatever, he was nothing to John, even more of a nothing than everything else in his life – it was none of his business how John was doing in his course! The frustration was overwhelming, an odd sort of relief after the last two months of emptiness – John almost felt as if he could wrap his arms around it, a real and solid emotion for the first time in what felt like an endless space of time.
"What do you mean, 'what'?"
John's entire body felt as tense as a rubber band about to snap. Sherlock's lips moved, but the words seemed delayed as they fell into the delicate whorl of John's ears.
grateful. You know that. We've been over that more than once."
"I wish you would, John," Sherlock murmured, turning his face away and closing his eyes. "Truly I do."
Mycroft forced himself to his feet. “Then would you at least admit that you're struggling with the lack of him? I really could be making much better use of my time, as you could with yours.”
Sherlock felt his irritation at himself rise. Yes. Yes, he was busy. Why was he busy?
"GREG."
Not really.
He felt increased pressure of fingertips on his thighs, Sherlock reacting to his words before the boy could even properly respond with words – and what words they were. "No. No. I couldn't have touched you, I knew I couldn't have touched you -"
John didn't respond.
Sherlock stared down at the food intently. "I know it had something to do with putting it in the oven. I'm sorry, John, I got distracted."
The laugh that barked from John's throat was humourless, flat. "In case you haven't noticed, Sherlock,
John's mouth hung open slightly. "I… this isn't about me."
The question tore something within him. The hole had already been there. It had widened. It was painful. The words fell out of him like a gunshot, low and emotionless and so hollow it echoed in his head.
He fought down the instant, impolite rebuttal. Needless to say he wasn't big on being offered help these days. "Appreciate it. I'll err, let you know."
Eyes scanning John’s face for details, Sherlock leaned back in his chair and observed him for a moment, icy stare zeroing in on every minute detail – yes, he seemed genuinely sorry, though if Sherlock were to be fair he had absolutely nothing to apologise for. How often had he himself been utterly unreachable to the point of exuding from John an outburst of frustration or irritation? John was well within his rights to have a day of thoughtfulness if it was what he desired, and despite Sherlock’s inherent want to drag those thoughts out into the daylight so that he could fathom what was going in inside of his friend’s head he believed that he had made the right decision in leaving the man to his wonderings… Sherlock had, after all, found that silence was a key ingredient to pulling information from people – just look at the night of the ball, for instance. Had Sherlock not left John to think and obsess as he had known he would they may have never found the right moment to accept that Sherlock’s feelings were finally reciprocated and they certainly wouldn’t be where they were now – that is to say, with Sherlock fighting the oddest urge to stand up and frame his fingers around John’s face, to gaze intently into his eyes and to search those mossy-blue windows for a chance glimpse into the inner workings of the man he cared for on such a level as he had never known existed within him.
A slow, small smile spread out across Sherlock's bowed lips.
The door creaked open a fraction, the briefest moment of hesitation before it opened further and Sherlock could just make out the shape of a figure in the darkness – there were no details, no real identifier other than the lit-up screen of a phone and an outline that Sherlock would have probably recognised anywhere. Instinctively his free fingers wrapped around the edge of the duvet cover, pulling it up and over his chin as he watched John read his text before the young man let the arm holding his phone fall to his side as he took one more step into the room.
For a moment John could do nothing but stare at the man, eyes wide as he processed the information handed to him on a golden platter; it was only as Sherlock started to frown at his lack of reaction that John felt the laughter bubbling from the depths of his throat, grin spreading across his face as the noise began to slip out from between his lips, too loud but impossible to stop. The pained expression was back on Sherlock's face, his arms folding across his chest as he stared daggers at his smaller friend.
"No, I didn't mean -"
Sherlock's lips separated, quiet for a few moments before he spoke. "Well... I did entertain you earlier. And have done for the last week. Quite a lot."
grin at Sherlock using the word 'romantic' to describe it. "If that's how you want to put it, then, yeah. If we try a romantic relationship, it's not going to be the same as trying a relationship with someone of the opposite sex. I know that times are moving on and people are opening up their minds a little but I, for one, won't have a supportive family. You know that. I may not have said as much but it's fairly obvious from the way I act when faced with anything other than heterosexuality that I haven't been brought up to think it's a good thing."
"No, not... forget it. Just... tell me what I should do. Help me figure it out. Katie, any ideas?"
Fingers twisting in his lap, John looked away. "Well. Okay."
Jim tilted his head slightly, intently staring at John as if trying to read his thoughts; it was very similar to the look that Sherlock gave him for the very same reason. "So... do you think you would have come here if it wasn't for this... friend?"
John could only nod - it had gone from vaguely uncomfortable to powerfully intense in the quickest of flashes, something he was only just starting to get used to within his friendship with a certain genius. He was out of his depth here.
"No."
"Calm down," Greg said, rolling his own eyes, "and shut up if you want me to actually bother explaining. Mycroft and me had already figured out that you were different and that Sherlock was starting to change because of you. In a good way," he seemed to feel the need to add, "in the sort of way where Sherlock was actually starting to communicate with the two of us about... well, anything. Usually he kind of ignores our existence unless forced to acknowledge us, but since you started becoming a bigger part of the picture he started to talk to us. Started to respond to questions, giving minor details. Not about you, just about stuff in general. That in itself was pretty astounding."
to eat your dinner."
"Really?" John raised an eyebrow and turned to look at Sherlock properly, genuinely surprised. "Because it'd be all right if you are. I bloody am."
"You're a madman and a psychopath," John breathed, forcing himself to stand up straight as his entire body shook with the sheer effort of doing so. "And I am
Sherlock walked a few steps further ahead, only stopping when he realised that John wasn't immediately following. "You ask like it's a bad thing."
"Liar." Sherlock turned away from him, walking slowly to the edge of the room to where glass cases stood in a row, pictures and documents behind them waiting to be read. "Elevated heart-rate, dilated pupils, rapid breathing -"
Finally the man gave him a small, slow nod, the tiniest of smiles flickering against his lips.
Whether he wanted to or not, John had to admit even to himself that he was slightly impressed. How could the man have any idea how he had been reacting? Reluctantly he began to reply.
you're lying.”
Her gaze was open, her eyes revealing without question that she knew exactly what he meant. She still asked the question.
Without warning William had pushed himself off of the fence and had taken two, long steps towards John, stopping mere inches from him; John forced himself to stay where he was, ignoring his desire to move away as William's eyes bore into his – he had to tilt his chin up to meet the gaze, something that made his anger feel twice as powerful as it mixed with embarrassment.
"No, I'm not – take me off of loud-speaker, Harry, for crying out loud..."
Mike Stamford's small, expressive eyes were dancing with evident relief as he reached out and clapped a hand on John's shoulder, shaking his head back and forth. "Well I'm fine, same as always, but... John, you've been like a dead man! Haven't spoken to you in weeks, called about twenty times -"
Mycroft followed his father's gaze out to the conservatory. "As much as it pains me to miss a family outing, I really must do some work today. Heaven knows how they usually manage to function without me, but regardless, needs must."
"Christ," John laughed weakly, "please tell me you're not talking about
. You could have just told me, 'John, I'm going on this mission as a punishment and it will almost definitely lead to my certain de-'"
"Oh, christ, shut up," Greg groaned, turning away momentarily and shaking his head hard as if to get rid of the images that no doubt were now painfully vivid in his imagination, "I don't want to know. I
yourself the black sheep. Intentionally. Whether I made it worse by being the opposite... well, I'm not sure how much of a difference it made considering what you were like. You didn't try to change for the better. Ever.”
Sherlock seemed to think this over. "Our friendship
Sherlock watched, with all the observational skills of a hawk tracking its prey, as John slowly leaned back slightly on the bed and let his mouth drop open for a moment or two.
"Oh."
John had a feeling of where this was going and he felt his own frustration rise in response. "Don't even bother suggesting it, Sherlock, it's not going to happen."
Why the hell was he giving so much thought to this? Ah, right. Distracting himself from the inevitable.
"Not at all," Tim said, walking over to the conservatory armchair opposite John and settling himself down with a small huff of air, ruffling the pages of the local paper and turning to the back pages. "It's a wonderful little contraption, that wireless router. No faffing about with the phone line anymore."
"He's so intelligent," Wanda said somewhat wistfully, shaking her head back and forth as she took a giant step over a puddle, "just like his brother. I have no idea where they it from."
want to tell me?”
You may hate me for the anticlimax, but fear not: last night I made a plan of the Big Things that are coming in this fic and I CANNOT WAIT TO CARRY ON. I promise, it will all be so, so, so, so, so, so worth it. DON'T LEEEEEEEAVE MEEEEEEE!!
. "Fine, not attraction, any sort of…
John's eyes shot to her face, surprise evident on his own. "You weren't? I thought..." Everyone turned to look at him. His palms tingled with renewed moisture. "Well. I thought you were upset by the... possibility."
"And..." John sighed, suddenly wishing he had just let Mycroft carry on talking about how bad the situation was. "I don't know, Mycroft, it's complicated. He's my best friend. I don't really know how to differentiate between the feelings I have and the feelings
cruel. That's not how I raised him."
"Wonderful."
John's hand curled into a fist by his ear, a small grunt of pain from the man's lips as he felt the repercussions of his actions. "I can't."
The noise was muffled, the jumper he had thrown over his laptop three days ago almost completely hiding the sound but yes, there it was, the sound of yet another e-mail cluttering his already crammed university email inbox... John felt himself exhale, his body turning slowly to go over to the old machine. He hadn't checked his emails for days, knowing there would be more messages from his tutors who were trying so hard to be understanding whilst at the same time clearly losing patience with him and his lack of attendance; he hadn't even told them his suspicions of what was going on with his head, he didn't dare. The minute he admitted it to them they'd force him to do something about it and he wasn't ready for that. Not at all.
"Then you're obviously wrong, John, because I'm assuredly
. I'm pretty sure my reputation speaks for itself."
The whole table stared at him, practically holding their breath.
"Sherlock."
He finally said something he'd been thinking about since he'd left Greenwich Park the day before, something that somehow genuinely bothered him. "It's all happened so quickly, how do I know all of this is even genuine? How do I know that he -"
John slipped his own hands into his pockets, a small smile on his face. "That
She didn't like that, didn't like having her words thrown back at her; her lips pursed unattractively, leaning back on her chair and clearly starting an attempt to analyse him. "Do you often find yourself acting defensively when faced with an uncomfortable situation?"
Sherlock raised his face up, eyes looking to the ceiling, avoiding, eternally, infinitely
Another pause. "Go home, John. I'll take it from here."
"I'm surprised you can even see how I look with the lack of light in here; do you always spend your nights by laptop-light?"
Sherlock leaned back into his chair, a smug smile beginning to play at his lips. “Not to worry, John, a verbal reaction isn't entirely necessary. I've already collated the information I needed. I've made my point.”
"You make sure you look after 'im as well, awright?" Lewis was talking to John now, another grin creasing the corners of his eyes as he jerked his head towards Sherlock. "Always getting 'imself into trouble. He could do with a pal to look out for 'im."
needs are frustratingly hard to ignore. It's a constant battle, and although the former is currently winning, I'm not sure how long that'll last.”
When had domesticity become something to strive for?
Still only half-conscious, John shrugged the hand off and rolled over onto his side, facing away from the deep, gruff tones which could only belong to one person. "Sleeping."
shut up. Stop telling Greg he can have a party once a month, he'll start getting ideas above his station."
"Fine. I saw you. I saw you two, standing in the dark with Sherlock up in your face, his hand holding your wrist and you two pretty much pressed up against one another. I saw it." Greg's tone was disturbingly matter-of-fact. "It was a... damned compromising position to be found in."
Sherlock looked away. "Not now."
"That alleyway," Lewis said with a shake of his head, stepping back from John and motioning for Sherlock to move forward, "it's fucking dangerous, it is."
It all sounded so… romanticised. Like he was talking, not about their friendship, but about the undercurrent stemming from the dark-haired genius that neither one of them were willing to admit to each other. He had no idea where it was all coming from, these words, but even as he said them he realised how true they were and how all along this had been how he'd felt and what he'd been wondering from the start. It was, as Sherlock had so rightly said, absurd.
Reason urged.
There was a pause, palpable in the metres of space between them, so solid it was almost tangible. John found himself turning slowly on the spot, hands grasping tight to both the clear cup of alcohol and the black work-surface of the kitchen cabinet as he forced himself to
John's voice was barely a murmur as he directed his words, not to Sherlock, but to the walls around him. "Yeah. I like it."
"Er..." John reached behind his ear and gave it a little scratch. "White? White goes better with chicken, right?"
“Ooooh,
Sherlock's responding glare was answer enough. "Do you really think I'd be foolish enough to take you with me? If I was picking up drugs, John, you'd be the last person I'd tell, let alone bring along for the hell of it."
It was a long soliloquy, and Mycroft – in an uncharacteristic show of compassion – allowed him a moment to process his own words. He waited, somewhat impatiently, until Sherlock's distant gaze returned to his.
to who I am. To finding happiness. Accepting that I love girls is like... accepting that I deserve to find love. Do you really think that's something that I should have to change?”
are angry with me. I just foiled an
“John! How could you let this happen to me?!” She screeched, waving the London Journal in John's face and quoting angrily, “
The boys have a good long talk.
Once he was about three car distances away he stayed at that level and watched as they continued driving up the dark wet road. He couldn't get any closer without the possibility that he'd somehow be seen. Despite the darkness, John was still nervous he'd be spotted, and if the little light coming from the lightning bolts in the distance didn't give him away the motor's noise surely would.
Dimock smiled, “Oh, of course, it's the least we could do. I'm sure Heddy from the inn can set you up with a room. I'll give her call for you, let her know you're on your way. I'm sure one of the boys won't mind driving you in the other squad car.”
She brought them in to a large lavish looking office behind two double doors. She went round the desk and picked up a mobile phone.
“I waited. I waited a long time for... but when y- when we met I... things happened. The universe got in the way and then nothing happened between us. And now I... Eurus suggested that perhaps... ‘scratching the itch,’ to be delicate, might be a helpful course of action. That perhaps if I had -and when I say
Sherlock fumbles with John’s trousers and John allows him to until Sherlock has snaked his hand in and grasped onto John’s hard aching cock.
Sherlock resolved to keep a close eye on John after he returned.
“Yes, well, close enough. It doesn't change what the advertisers want, which is what they call 'fun' 'upbeat' and 'colourful' human interest stories to sit opposite their products.”
John made a face at her.
“Do you have any enemies Mr. Carter?”
“Do you mean is he still there?” Molly asked him her patient smile turning to one of sweet sympathy.
John joined the women in the queue of the outdoor concession stand set up to raise funds for the music program of Archie's school. The talent show was to be performed on an outdoor stage that had been arranged to encourage more guests to come see the children's acts. Archie was to have two performances, one on his own on the violin and one playing a duet on the piano with another child. John was eager to get some food in his belly now, rather than later. He didn't want to have to be hungry during Archie's playing, the kid was a natural musician.
John had almost forgotten that part, “Right? Yeah! – it was after the thing with the gardener that locked Greg in that utility room.” They had been on their way back home from a case and for some reason Sherlock had decided to check if Angelo was still in, claiming to be starving. John, never one to argue when Sherlock finally decided to eat had gone along and actually prayed that Angelo was in. His prayers had been answered as they had caught him just as he was locking up, though John had felt instant regret, while Sherlock had shamelessly allowed Angelo to usher them into the restaurant and gone off to cook for them himself. Sherlock had seemed to only have decided to pay at John’s insistence, but mostly it was because he’d realized that it was, in fact, three in the morning and after taking a look at Angelo had deduced how tired he was. Angelo, of course, had refused, which was why Sherlock had snuck the money in the register. Angelo had noticed, of course, as he’d already emptied the register for the evening. He’d taken the cash but had come back with the urchin dish.
“Oh god,” John groans, “Is it weird that I know which one you're talking about?”
“Yes, Dorian will definitely be distraught,” Henry says, but rather than sounding upset for the sake of his friend’s feelings, he sounds delighted.
“Dinner is fine.” He mutters.
“So, to start things off, I thought you should all know the truth about Harriet and Mary.” John spoke with a very serious expression on his face and looked at Harry, who only shook her head subtly at him, begging him with her eyes not to say anything.
He rushed out into the streets and hailed a cab.
The music slows to a ticking-slash-clap-like drum and the voice of the singer rings out: “
Instead of the camera crew, he’s expecting at their home, however, he finds Molly Hooper, along with Rosie Watson seated in his living room. His heart nearly melts in joy as the little piece of John looks up and grins widely when she sees him. “Sherrock!” She squeals and runs/waddles to him, hugging his legs when she reaches him. (Irene winces in the corner of the room she’s sitting in reading a newspaper, and covers an ear).
Do the smoochies! Do the smoochies! Do the smoochies! Kisses! Smoochies and Kisses for days! Yay yay yay yay yay!! Kisses!
John smiles, still assuming Rosie means dancing along with Sherlock when he was on the television, “Okay, maybe I should rephrase the question; Would you like to dance with Sherlock
“God Sherlock, I don't think I've ever seen anyone look that-”
Irene frowns, “Sherlock…”
John sits at his desk at the clinic during his lunch break, quietly munching on some fruits as he scrolls through his phone. He’s still had no reply from Sherlock, and he wonders if the man might be upset with bim over something. His girlfriend certainly hasn’t forgiven him for his apparent inattention. She had left way before John could wake up today and John had heard nothing from her. He sighs and rubs a hand over his face. God, he does not want to go home to face that. He’d had to run to Molly to get her to watch Rosie today, as well, since today was supposed to be the day that his girlfriend would be watching her while he worked. What a mess. At least he’d been lucky that Molly was off from work today. Molly was honestly a lifesaver. She’d been happy to see John’s daughter and had practically squealed when John had shown her the video of Rosie dancing along to Sherlock’s routine on telly. John had sent it to her at her request. He made a mental note to do something huge for Molly for either Christmas or her birthday this year.
“What? Well, no I do, but-” John asks, confused, “Wait... you think I’m straight?”
“Alright,” John replies, “So where do we start?”
“Sherlock– I,” John gasped as Sherlock's mouth clamped around a nipple, “I never do this,” John said, his back arching slightly as he rubbed against Sherlock, “–with men I mean. Not since...
Rosie obeys happily, waving with Sherlock, “Bah-bye Dada!”
John looked at Irene. It seemed she was thinking the same thing as she stared between John and Mary with wide eyes. “Th-this morning?” he stammered.
Sherlock groans lightly and begins to stir.
John gives him a puzzled look, “No I didn’t think you had,” he comments slowly, “But you know it’s really not an issue that she does. I’d be a lot more worried if she hated you.”
Sherlock and Irene have appeared on the screen immediately beginning a quick jive as the strings of a somewhat country-like guitar plays. They take each other’s hands and come together in a spin, then separate just before a man’s deep and drawling voice begins to sing,
Jack throws his head back in laughter, “So that’s why Dorian is so confident. Leave it to the little fucker to cheat.”
to be a reason for it, hasn’t there? Sherlock doesn’t normally concern himself with this sort of stuff, so what’s he doing here? What sort of scheme benefits from him grinning with false cheer in front of millions of people?
“I promise you, Mr. Holmes, I don't know which is which.”
John giggled. “I still can't believe we did all that in one night,” He said.
“Do you think I'm attractive, John?” Sherlock teased.
John laughed nervously, “Don't know, but uh... changing the subject... we just got the new ads in, what do you think?”
“Aww, Sherlock, but we’re so obsessed with your tragic love story!” Claudia pouts and whines falsely.
“Really? We have quite a lot in common!” Harry beamed.
“Sherlock?” Mycroft queried when Sherlock didn't answer.
“It’s good to see you, Henry, and congratulations on your… ? ” Sherlock greets in return, allowing the sentence to drift as he really has no idea what the hell the guy is celebrating.
In a fit of rage John sped up.
His partner growls, “God yeah.” He slips down Sherlock’s body and then sits back, “let me just get the-“
“Well, alright then,” Dorian agrees, biting his lip again, “What do you want to know?”
Sherlock laughed and stopped his ministrations for a second to help John tear the shirt off of him and toss it to some far away corner, then undid his own trousers and tossed them somewhere over John's head when they were off. He pushed John back again, kissing him and rubbing them together, moaning all the way, all in swift movements. John would have been disappointed in not being allowed to appreciate Sherlock's nakedness with his eyes, but Sherlock was knew exactly where he wanted to be and was moving quickly to get just where he wanted. John found that he
John's still a little ooc and so is Sherlock... along with everyone else. I'm hoping me sneaking in quotes from the show makes them act more themselves but... ah... difficult with this story. >.>
“Fffffuck Sherlock.” John breathed as he began thrusting up into him faster.
“Right,” Josh smiles, “Thank you Doctor Watson. And might I say, you’ve quite a lovely little daughter. She’s really just too sweet,” he rambles, clearly attempting to clear away that scary look on John’s face.
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s response is a quick,
The boys go on a family outing
Henry seems to have followed her gaze as he says beside her, “How fascinating. Dorian will be inconsolable about that. Who is he, I wonder, that Mr. Sherlock Holmes should choose such an older man over the exceptionally good looks of young Dorian? “
Irene waved him off and payed no notice as he ran away from her. She set her sights on the blonde girl, Kate, and gave her her sexiest 'come hither' smirk.
She’s fine, of course, and between her and Algernon, little Cecily is being sandwiched into a dance that Sherlock can only call indecent
Sherlock purrs but despite John’s efforts, blinks himself awake. “Mmm’ nope. ‘S too late, John. ‘M already up. You woke me - terribly bad form,” he slurs.
Sherlock frowns. Leave it to Eurus to make an inappropriate analogy to equate to his homosexuality. And he did remember that Christmas now that she mentioned it. “You’d put glass shards in the icing and were trying to force me to eat it.”
Sherlock nods, bringing her little clothes over as John begins to clean her up, “A heinous crime, indeed, Watson,” he says, seriously, “but I rather think we have a very clear suspect in this case.”
Just then Sherlock appears at the top of the stairs, apologizing, “Sorry, are they here? I just had to – ” He stops, looking between John and Irene, “Oh. Um. Yes. I should explain.”
He was not prepared for this...
“Okay, I know why.” Harry glared, “Will you just ask her?”
I guess I just like to imagine people hitting each other in the face. I'm so mean. :O
Harry narrowed her eyes at him, “No you won't, John. You wouldn't hurt a fly, and you definitely wouldn't hurt me; I'm your little sister.”
“No, you just think that one day Mary's going to wake up and realize she likes cock, and she's going to make some spectacular gesture of lus–”
The woman shakes her head and huffs, “Nevermind John,” she sighs and picks up her knitting things as she leaves the room.
Irene laughed her denial and held up her drink.
from him?”
“Yes, that sounds like something I'd say.” Sherlock leaned forward and grumbled, “My question is... if you knew I felt that way, why didn't you just destroy me then, that night?”
There’s a short silence after Sherlock’s rant and he huffily takes up feeding Rosie. John doesn’t protest.
“So you made him clean the flat?” John asked.
you -
“I offered him a few pounds.” Harry said, as if that made the situation any better.
“Little brother,” Came his voice from the telephone.
“So what,” he asks, “you want to interrogate Henry’s friends until we find out something about Basil?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dimock nodded. He began told Sherlock that Jenny's story, then, as far as he knew it. Apparently Jenny had been in town to do some local travel destination features in a newspaper from Cardiff. She was doing some reports on small towns in the English country side and that the only person he'd seen talk to her much was officer Carter, who had often taken her to local landmarks and generally showed her around town. “I remember Carter told me she'd called to schedule a cab before the storm broke... I guess it never arrived. I'm sorry... that's all I know.”
The waiter grins, “Yes, of course, at once,” he says seriously, and, looking at Rosie, asks, “And would you like meatballs with that spaghetti, Miss Watson?”
Iris takes three confident steps forward and kisses Molly’s hand in greeting before Sherlock can stop her. “Pleasure to meet you, Molly,” the gorgeous dancer purrs.
John replies.
“Hello Sherlock” came Anthea's monotone voice, “Your brother sent me to ask if you ever got round to writing that groomsman's story. What have you got so far? He wants me to read it.”
“Oh shut-up,” Sherlock admonishes them. John and Greg laugh, which only serves to annoy Sherlock more. “I hate you both,” Sherlock mutters.
Irene notices that Dorian preens at that comment even though Sherlock had mentioned Algernon and Gwendolyn before Dorian. She smirks as she sees him compose his expression into a more subdued one as he blinks up at Sherlock, “You really think so, Mr. Holmes?”
In this moment, as her big brother performed for her this song that was so incredibly precious, miraculous even, Eurus felt the loss of her opportunity to feel this for anyone incredibly deeply. She felt sad that she almost didn’t understand it, that she probably would never experience it with another human being. It was rather sad and more than a little infuriating, but Eurus held no contempt for her brother. Instead of anger with him, she felt honored that he would share this piece of himself with her. She felt pleased that he wasn’t afraid to allow her to see this thing that he had that she might be tempted to covet. This is what he’d tried to explain to her.
“Do I have to make a speech again?” Mary asked, scowling.
The people in the pub laughed at Sherlock's antics and the room visibly relaxed as they raised their glasses alongside Sherlock, all saying, “To Alcohol!”
“Rosie!” John hisses, not wanting to wake Sherlock before he can bring over the meal.
John smiles warmly. “I can hardly wait.” he says, he then extends his arms for Sherlock to pass Rosie over. “Anyway, we should get going. I’ve got work again tomorrow.”
Angelo beams again, “Shall I give you a few minutes with the menus?”
“Well lads, show's over for now. Do me a favour and pack up this beast while I get myself ready to bring this over, yeah?” John removed the jacket first and extended it towards them.
“Someday,” John breathed, “God knows when, but someday, it'll be my day and then all those people will be there for me, so... that is if I ever find–”
Lights and sounds flashed and blared from every direction. People were dancing and drinking and generally everyone seemed to be having a blast in the club that night. John and Irene stood by a table having some drinks and people watching. John kept looking towards the entrance hoping to spot Mary. It was well into the night when he saw her finally arrive.
Sherlock’s sad grin is still on his face when he moves to feed Rosie once more and asks, “Aren’t I?”
There’s a slight silence of apprehension, as there seems to be most of the time with this last judge, Craig. Everyone sort of looks to him with a nervous energy, but the man seems to surprise them all when he beams. “Well, I completely agree. Not only were you very elegant in your performance, as the foxtrot should be, you managed, again to give a melancholy song a sort of romance and energy that one would likely not associate with such a quick dance. Your choreography was well done, and I suppose you have Iris to thank for that, but I really loved that you added such a personal note to it. You kept showing us your heart-break theme, and although we are no longer as surprised by it as we were last week you managed to find a new angle to give to us in the story. Your performance tonight had everything – it had technical success, it had a story and it had emotion. Loved it. Perfection. Keep it up.”
“Yes, sir!” His partner obeys, taking the steps two at a time as Sherlock follows him up.
PS. I have a list of songs that I'm plotting for buuuut I actually am having a hard time picking the tango song - I've narrowed down my choices to a string quartet version of "Back to Black" by Amy Winehouse, and a string quartet version of "Señorita" by Shawn Mendez and Camilla Cabello. I like the lyrics of both because they kind of go with the story. Buuut I'm still hemming and hawing over it.
John rolls his eyes, “Fine,” he answers, throwing his hands up in defeat. “Fine! Do as you like.”
John feels his face heat up with embarrassment. Sherlock meant... so all this time? And John had thought...? Well, shit! He’d really fucked this up hadn’t he? And Sherlock is just looking at him, and he still looks sad, for some reason. Why is he sad? John loves him back! He has to know that... doesn’t he? But... he doesn’t does he? He’d just said that he can’t tell, with John. And that makes up John’s mind. If it isn’t obvious that John feels the same way for Sherlock, he’ll have to make it obvious, won’t he?
afternoon of you pining over somebody that you'll never have! Wake up! I did you a
... it was just... so
“Oh my goodness! What are you doing here? Are you alright?” the woman (nurse, apparently), asked, her voice sounding sympathetic.
He stopped the bike then, put the break down and got off. The cab continued to drive away, but John could still see it in the distance. He'd catch up to it if he was quick. There wasn't much light up this road, but he knew it was relatively straight from here. John took the heavier end of one of the torches Dimock had given John and Sherlock earlier and used it to smash the front lights on the motorcycle (Sorry, Dimock). He then got back on the bike and sped his way up the road to catch up.
The brunette squirms a little uncomfortably, “Well, I don’t really like him all that much – but only because he’s always so rude –”
Archie got up, subtly.
John shifts uncomfortably, “Are you sure? I’m her father, after all,”
Sherlock and John exchange a secretive smile. They’d found Jack, now all they had to do was interview him without him or any of the others realizing anything suspicious. Dorian returns to wind himself on Sherlock’s other side, clearly not caring that he and John are still holding onto each other from around the shoulders and Sherlock sighs almost imperceptibly. Hopefully, the kid wouldn’t make it too difficult to talk to Jack.
“See Anthea” The e-mail from Mycroft read. Sherlock rolled his eyes but got up anyway. He was curious with what she had to say. He barged into her office without announcing himself and sat down on a chair in front of her.
Mrs. Hudson gives Sherlock a knowing look. “Did he? That’s quite nice of him,” then moving closer to Sherlock she reaches her arms out for Rosie and continues, “now why don’t you let me take that little darling from you so you can pack up her things and get ready for your family outing?”
John glanced at her as he reached the table with the projector and gave her his best reassuring smile. It seemed to work, as Harry's look of suspicion turned into one of relief as she made her way back toward Mary, beaming.
“Wow!” Harry gasped.
Rosie pouts, and it’s clear she’s immediately not a fan of this concession. “I’m a big girl,” she explains.
you how much of a pleasure it is for me to have been called here.”
“Now, go! NOW!” Irene said pushing him towards Mary.
!” He thundered. Of course, it was then that he suddenly lost control of the car.
Henry’s smile falters but the grin returns in the blink of an eye when he turns to her, “I’m pleased, Molly because while your friend Sherlock Holmes is a beautiful and unusual specimen, I do not believe he would be a good match for Dorian. Nor Dorian for him. Sherlock Holmes is a rare treasure. He is extraordinary — a creature of exceptional beauty, even at his age, but also a man completely and wholeheartedly devoted to justice and reason. Dorian is different. Dorian is a romantic. He is intelligent, in his own way, but he is also superstitious and extremely… flighty, one could say. He’s not a bad person, not at all, but he’s… well, he lives his life to the fullest, I suppose,” Henry explains with a thoughtful expression, then continues:
“What? Nothing,” says Sherlock, absorbed in checking his phone, making sure she hasn’t sent the photograph to John or posted it online.
A piano plays a couple of notes as a woman’s sweet husky voice sings, “Oh, oh… Oh, oh…”
Irene laughs and hands Sherlock her bag. “Hold this for me, darling, I’ll join you later,” she calls as she trots away with a wicked smile. Dorian drags Sherlock in the other direction. Irene joins the actors, Chris and Algernon and the four professional dancers Cecily, Gwen, Parker, and Rachel on the dancefloor. The other competitor couples who have decided to join them this evening lag behind, some stick together while others scatter about the club.
Greg scrunches up his nose and shakes his head in denial, “We thought so at first, but I think the feelings the painter had for the kid were unrequited. Dorian claims they were just friends and Dorian also told Sherlock that Hallward used to draw pictures of him all the time. He says the guy was obsessed with capturing his ideal on canvas or something.”
John sits at home in front of the telly with Rosie in his arms. His girlfriend walks in to join him after emerging from the bedroom carrying a basket full of yarn and some knitting needles. She settles down beside John. John doesn’t really acknowledge her presence as he shifts Rosie to his other knee so she won’t attempt to grab at the needles. He needn’t worry, since Rosie is distracted by the dancers on the screen and is watching them, mesmerized by their movements. John, for his part, also ignores the dancers while his mind wanders. Sherlock hasn’t texted him back and it has been a full week since he’d sent the message. John had since then texted Molly to see if she knew anything about Sherlock, and Molly had since responded with a simple text that just read, “He’s fine, John :)” And just what the hell was he supposed to do with that? He’s decided, however, that he isn’t going to send a follow-up text. Instead, John has decided, he’s going to watch the performance of this week instead. He’s actually started anticipating it as he’s seen a few online links to rehearsals on a recent social media page that Sherlock has appeared to have opened. John suspects it’s the show producers who have gotten him to do it as there aren’t many details posted on it. The page has a total of four photographs. One is of Sherlock and Irene or “Iris” as she’s calling herself, in silhouette, dancing. The second photograph is of Sherlock with a bunch of other people that are on the show, apparently at some kind of after-party. The third is a photograph of Sherlock, at home, reading a book about bee migration, and the last is a photograph that was posted early this morning. It’s a picture of a pinstriped red shirt, black suspenders, and shoes with a caption that reads, simply, “I heard…”
And, with surprising speed, she had turned and was dragging her husband down the beach with all the aplomb of someone who had been planning for this moment all day without taking a single look back. The two young men watched as Tim leaned down to say something to her, his hand coming up to brush a stray lock of hair behind her ear, her answering smile tender as she reached up to pull the hand down for a kiss – John and Sherlock looked at each other before quickly glancing away, hesitating for a few moments before John finally spoke.
"No," his best friend responded tightly. "It's fi-"
Sherlock gave the man a small smile. "Yes. No doubt you'll be hearing from me shortly."
The hockey-player's eyes shifted from man to man, attempting to read the situation between them with a drunken, unsteady gaze.
The table watched as he wedged himself between the two girls sitting opposite Sherlock and John and leaned forward, sliding a card out from the fan around the pint glass. He pulled it out with a flourish, turning it slowly to face him.
John sighed. Was it actually worth trying to explain himself? “I meant escalated as in… well. Look at us.” He extended his hand, directing it first to Sherlock and then back to himself. “We’ve known each other two weeks and already I’ve told you you’re an arsehole, admitted that you’re my friend, got raving drunk at your house and had someone assume that we’re gay together
"Well!" Tim placed his knife and fork neatly on the edge of his plate, leaning back in his chair and offering the room a smile of pure contentment. "I don't think I could possibly manage dessert for at least another half an hour after that feast!"
John began to take a step back, trying to pull himself out of the madness taking over his head as he brought his fumbling fingers up to rip the edge of the packet he had crumpled into his palm. "Let's just forget about it, we need to get your finger -"
“Ugh. No.
“I know,” he cut across again, his mottled blue-brown eyes flicking up to meet her steady gaze before dropping back to stare at the desk in front of them. “I'm sorry.”
"Yes there is," John insisted, a strange weight unfurling in his chest and weighing far too heavy for comfort; he took two quick steps towards the taller man and reached out without thinking, grabbing the edge of Sherlock's sleeve between cold fingers and curling the material into his palm. Sherlock stopped instantly, head turning and eyes darting down to where John's fingers were now grasped before flickering back up to meet John's intent gaze. "There's every reason to explain. I didn't mean it like that."
Another sigh, deeper this time. "I assume telling you to walk away from the situation and starting life anew would be a waste of both of our time?"
Sherlock cleared his throat. "Well. We'd... let things... develop. Away from people."
The realisation was not a happy one.
I'm so sorry it's been so long; lots going on, some health stuff, you know how it is. Anyway, here's an update for you - more to come tomorrow! ^_^ Lots of love and hugs, guys, thanks so much for being patient.
John's eyes, which had at some point had found themselves fixated on the dark-haired boy's lips, flickered hazily back up to meet Sherlock's.
the one you should never trust with an iron – not that he knows how to use one," she added, pursing her lips and dragging said iron over a shirt that John now feared for. "John was just asking for the WiFi password."
William's response was quick, a little too quick. "Of course not. How ridiculous of me."
"I know."
"Yes."
Uncomprehending. Drained. Emotional.
Barely.
"Go away, John," he muttered, fingers starting to flick at the arm of the chair. Nina narrowed her own dull grey eyes, picking up on the murmur and leaping on it like a lifeline.
Sherlock's oddly warm gaze met his. "So you mean to say... friends first and foremost?"
John glanced up again, frowning slightly. "Are you cold?"
William sounded sure of himself for the first time in a few minutes. "Oh, certainly. You need me."
"Fuck it," he said with a little grin, grabbing the lemonade and filling it up to the brim, "it's Saturday tomorrow, right?"
Harry, her eyes still wide in earnest, tucked a hank of feathered hair behind her ear and shrugged slowly as she gazed intently at her little brother.
"How could you not tell me?"
“Good. Thanks. Sort of.” John allowed himself a moment to rein in his wild emotions, wiping his instantly-sweating palms on his jeans and taking in a few deep breaths. “Right, then. I suppose we'd better get this over and done with, then, shouldn't we?”
to people, John. Not about these things. They're no one's business but mine."
Again the room went quiet, quiet groaning and the clock ticking filling John's eardrums as he wondered hazily if perhaps Sherlock had already fallen asleep and thinking, none-too-clearly, that it was a bloody good idea and that sleep would be incredibly welcome to him at that moment. He fidgeted a little, moving his feet until they were pressed against the warm leather arm of the sofa and shifting his head until it lay comfortably on the edge of one of the cushions.
' “Oh, I'm sorry, Doctor, do I look like I'm joking? Turn, face me. We'll play a game.” William took John's hand in his, feeling its warmth and the callouses in his palm while making a slow circle on John's wrist with his thumb.
!" And John is panting and grunting as much as Sherlock, relishing the touch of skin on skin. The feeling of Sherlock's tight ring of muscles clenching around his cock, squeezing him as they move is one of pure rapturous perfection. John wonders, not for the first time tonight, what he did to deserve the affection of such a beguiling and unparalleled man. He's surely the luckiest man on earth.
Another man came into the room then and interrupted them. Holding a phone towards John, he said, “It's for you – it's the groom.”
“That's not true!” John shouted back at her as she threw a decorative basket of false flowers at him, “Ow! Harry!”
“And what do you have there?” Sherlock asks Rosie instead.
“Shewahhh!” She says, when she sees him enter.
----------
Mary didn't seem to notice, but Harry pulled him back as he began walking away, saying, “John!”
“Wait!” Sherlock suddenly pleas, placing a hand on his arm - because much as he wants this, the thought has just occurred to him. He refuses to ever sleep on this couch again. “Wait,” he explains more calmly, “let’s... perhaps the bed would serve better...?”
“Wait wait wait - Is that really –?!” John’s girlfriend asks, suddenly tossing her needles aside to watch with John and Rosie.
“And you invaded Afghanistan.” Sherlock answered through a smile.
Poor Sherlock. His day with Eurus must have been tough today. John often wonders what happens during Sherlock’s family visits with his sister, but he’s never had the heart to ask, and he doesn’t do so now. He can’t - not with the way Sherlock looks at the mention of her. The loss of his friend must really eat him up inside, especially knowing that it was his beloved little sister that took him from him. John sits next to Sherlock and murmurs gently, “Why wouldn’t I want to watch it?” His smile is soft and supportive.
, Mycroft!” Sherlock whispered in sudden understanding as he read the words 'london journal' from a distance.
John widens his eyes at Sherlock and shouts over the music, playing dumb and hoping he’s wrong, “I’m sorry teams for what exactly?”
John hesitated, unable to hold back an embarrassed smile, “No.” He said.
“Er, yeah,” he lies, feeling the heat rush to his face as he brings his knees up before she can spot the serious case of morning wood John suddenly us very much aware of. “Just… war stuff, you know. Comes back unexpectedly,” John mutters.
“I just thought you might be a bit peckish.”
John raised his brows. “Hmm?”
“Better.” The cabby answered.
“Harry... I thought you were wearing father's tuxedo...?” John finally asked.
Sorry.
Sherlock, however, appears to be as clueless as the ex-soldier,
He doesn’t realize what he’s said until she replies with, “Kinky, I like it, but there will be a child present, so probably best to go with something a little more socially acceptable.”
There, standing in a posh cool grey silver suit and his Belstaff coat, was Sherlock Holmes.
Irene and Molly leave theirs, but Sherlock, though he removes his, opts to take it with him. They then move through towards the main dancefloor area. The music in the building is so loud that they can almost feel it vibrating in their skin. Sherlock spots the actor, Algernon, making his way down some stairs which lead up to a balconied area. There’s a bouncer in front of this area too. Sherlock waves at Algernon who waves back. The four friends make their way over to him as he speaks to the bouncer, pointing at them. The bouncer nods and allows Sherlock, Molly, Greg and Irene to by pass him to go meet Algernon.
John feels his teeth grind as he asks the next question, “and the man from this morning?”
Sherlock looks appalled, “I do not need a –! I can handle the boy –! I just can’t concentrate on too many people at once with him nattering on by my side,” he looks at John, explaining, “I swear he doesn’t stop talking. He just
... no, we’re really not.)
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock answered.
“Always!” At this Harriet picked up a few of the throw-pillows their mum had on some of the chairs and threw them at John viciously with each word, “My looks, my girlfriends! You've just been waiting for the chance to tear me down!”
“She would never...” Carter repeated.
God, John feels like an idiot. He doesn’t understand Sherlock at all. First he’d said women weren’t his area, then he’d fallen for Irene. First he’d said that he didn’t have a boyfriend but when John had attempted to ask him out he’d shut him down before he could begin. First he’d shut John down and then he’d suggested a date when John already had plans. First he’d interrupted John’s date and ruined his chances with Sarah then he’d met The Woman. First he’d said he didn’t love the woman, (“love is a chemical defect found on the losing side”) then he’d admitted that he texted back sometimes. First he’d abandoned John for two years, making him mourn his loss, and then he’d returned to him and gone through hell to remain his friend. First he’d proposed to Janine, then he’d called it human error. First he’d admitted to texting The Woman (and yes, that one did bear repeating because...), then he said it didn’t mean anything, and how could it not mean anything when he KEPT HER PHONE?
“Oh!” Josh exclaims, “Doctor Watson, Sir, hello, can I –er, sorry– your server will be right with you–”
Sherlock had stared in confusion for a second until he realized who she meant. Kate had been the woman who had let him and John into Irene’s house, with an amused expression, the first time they had met her. Sherlock had initially thought she might be Irene’s secretary or housekeeper. He hadn’t once even tried to look into Kate’s past the first time he and Irene had crossed paths.
John sighed and said to her as he faced her again, his face contorted in disappointment, “Harry, you can't undo what you've just done, but I won't let you hurt Mary. She thinks she knows the truth about you, but all she knows are the lies you've told her, you even had Archie keep a secret from her. You tell her the truth
“And not Mary has found Harry, who's actually not so bad, once you get to know her.” He continued. Harry smiled at little Archie hopefully.
“I do
John tilts his lips in a wry smile, “Fine… They never quite go away,” He says, uncomfortable at the deception. Maybe he should cancel dinner. He wills away his erection as much as he can as he starts to carefully try to extricate himself from the bed. “I should shower,” John tells her.
“Oh, this is John, my older brother,” She introduced, “He's obsessed with your stories,” (John tried to give Harry a subtle '
“Mmm...hmm.” Sherlock couldn't help the expression that crossed his face then, one of complete disbelief, he was sure.
anyone,” Henry asks, predictably, “what does it mean — to
“Essentially, yes,” Sherlock responds.
“Hmm… no that’s alright, my assistant will get it,” he rumbles, attempting to rile her up.
say no
John smiled at her,
, hmm.”
Sherlock raised his hands indifferently, “Alright, alright.” He exited the cab. This place looked familiar... was this where...?
“I... What do I...? Huh?” John asked, feeling a little stupid.
Once they settle, and Rosie is snuggled up to Sherlock’s side, John comes over and sits at the edge of the mattress. He reaches for the tray of food and extends it towards Sherlock. “Made you some dinner,” he says.
Sherlock pouts, but brings his hands to John’s hips anyway and abruptly pulls John to him so that their erections rub against the other’s body. “Better?” Sherlock asks, with a roll of his hips.
John shoved him playfully, “Wimp,” he giggled.
Irene snorts, “Don’t
“You know, especially since I'm wearing da's tux so...” Harry pulled out a brochure from her pocket, “Ta-da!” She exclaimed.
“It's not obvious to me.” John said.
John laughs out loud,
“My brother always says there are no coincidences,” Sherlock replied, “I disagree. That first night I met you I didn't suspect you at all. It was John I was interested in.”
John stormed out of the diner and into the mid-day sun in a fury, ignoring Sherlock's pleas to turn back.
Irene moves over to pick up their gymnastic bags and packs up their things while Sherlock starts walking to the door. She jogs to catch up with him and hands him his bag. He smiles weakly at her and she loops an arm around his free one, leaning her head against him.
“A nightmare?” She asks, looking worried and John suddenly realizes it’s morning. He must have fallen asleep in the guest bedroom.
They finally get downstairs and Sherlock links an arm around John’s own, leading him to the bar. Once they get there Sherlock lets go of John squeezes through. John, never one to allow Sherlock to leave him behind, squeezes in with him. He watches the detective and admires his immediate change in attitude as he leans flirtatiously over the counter in order to get his drink faster. John marvels at how easily Sherlock has always been able to do that – to charm people into getting his way. As John looks out into the crowd of dancing human beings he realizes why Dorian is probably so charmed with the false Sherlock he’s met – why the audience keeps voting for him and Irene to remain on the show week after week. Sure, partially it’s because he’s very talented (and beautiful) (and because
“Well, Dr. Watson, it's quite charming, it really is. It's the perfect suit.” Harry observed, a hint of pride in his voice.
As always, thank you for reading!
She mentally asks, because at this point it’s obvious to her. John saw the photo. He’s even searched out Dorian’s name - and these texts? They are the equivalent of counting the number of texts Irene had sent Sherlock years ago (yes, Sherlock had told her about that and she’d almost made the trip back to London to hogtie them together). The texts are the equivalent of John Watson saying, “
Rosie babbles in his arms and points to various toys for him to pick up and pass to her, inspecting each curiously and babbling to him about them in serious tones. “Mmhmm. Interesting,” Sherlock encourages her with a smile, “and what can you tell me about this one,” he asks, picking up another toy for her to inspect. She takes it, studies it carefully, as she did with the others, and then lets out another string of incoherent baby babble. "Very good observations, Watson." Sherlock replies, continuing the game by giving her more toys to babble about, "And this?"
John sighed, breaking first, “Harry, I feel awful. Believe me, I'm very sorry for what happened–”
While his mind throws a myriad of words towards him Sherlock also hears it screaming a familiar phrase at him:
John huffed out a little laugh and shook his head. “You mad wanker,” He said as he pressed himself against Sherlock's lips. Sherlock kissed him like he was drowning, sucking the breath right out of him. “I love you too” He whispered against John's lips, “I love you, John.
Listen I was tempted not to post this short chapter and force you guys to wait until I’m done with the next one and possibly let you believe for a while that I was just going to leave Sherlock and John apart for months while I went on with my life but I found that I couldn’t do that to you. This chapter is really short but I don’t want it paired with the next chapter and you’ll see why when it’s finished. For now, enjoy John’s stupidity.
“It's a set-up?” John asked. What the
The expression on Sherlock’s face is now completely irritated, “Well what? Am I supposed to think otherwise Dr. John Hamish ‘I am not gay’ Watson?” He asks in a huff.
“You're scared.” John repeated, “No– don't interrupt. I know you are, because of
“Ready as I’ll ever be.” Sherlock responds.
The lights came back on and the room stared around at each other awkwardly. Irene got up quickly from her seat and tapped Archie on her way over to John.
I think it's rather obvious that Irene is Iris, though. I mean... Iris? Come on. Who didn't see that coming? lol Also If you follow me on tumblr, you already knew that Irene was Iris because I spoiled it for you. I posted that the whole idea behind this story was that John would see Sherlock dance a certain song with Irene and ... things would happen. So... my bad. AND also, not sure if anyone got this but, for her last name, here was my logic: Adler - Addler? - I know it's not a real word but I took it to be be like, one who "addles" aka 'confuses'. Then I was like confusion.. how do you say that in Russian? So I google translated the word "confusing" to Russian and it gave me this: "запутанным" with the English pronunciation as "Zaputannym" And that is where Irene's hilariously bad alias came from.
Soon it begins to feel like too much and Sherlock feels like his entire body is engulfed in fire.
But John has raised himself on an arm to listen, staring at his face as he talks and the more Sherlock speaks, the more John understands. He’s always assumed and acted like Sherlock was off on some grand romantic adventure while he was away, but John has never actually thought about the reality of it. Sherlock has endured so much more than what he lets on. These are scars from obvious torture. If John has to guess, he’d say Sherlock was flogged, and from the way the skin is still raised in its scarring, John has to assume that he was unable to take care of his injuries properly. The thought of Sherlock, frightened, angry and alone, enduring this kind of thing brings tears to John’s eyes. The thought of any other sort of pain he might have endured while he was out there, alone with no back-up, breaks John’s heart and he thinks, not for the first time tonight, that he has been such a
that I’ve been drinking a lot. Dorian has been shoving drinks at me all night, each of which I’ve very surreptitiously been abandoning here and there. I’m sure the only person who would notice this is me.”
“Sherlock needs a buffer,” Greg snickers.
“But you hate it now?” John questions, confused. Sherlock doesn’t look like he hates it. He’s been smiling the whole time he’s been watching it. He’s even snorted out a short laugh at the screen once or twice.
Ps. Not edited or beta'd. Will get to it later, most likely.
Rosie doesn’t understand a word Sherlock has said, except the mention of her father. She replies, “Daddy misses you too.”
“Sorry John, but I’ve got to get going for work soon and Rosie’s already awake. Unless you want me to bring her playpen into the room and leave your door open? She’s watching her morning telly just now, but I can bring her the kiddy tablet if you like, get her portable crib, maybe?” She asks.
Sherlock grins, “Hmm, that’s probably true,” he agrees, “No, I was thinking of doing it the old-fashioned way – by asking you questions and letting you tell me about yourself.”
Molly and Greg stared at each other. They decided it was best to leave Sherlock alone for this one.
“There's nobody here that you can help, Doctor. You might as well sit still, relax, and have a drink. It's been a long day,” Sherlock said making a grab for his drink as the bar tender set it down saying, “There you are.”
Another moment of hesitation before Sherlock took two steps into the room and stood awkwardly in the darkness, seeming somewhat confused to find himself there at all. "I just wanted to say goodnight."
Greg looked at Mycroft again before looking back at John with a small nod; there was an odd look in his eyes, something very close to guilt. "I mean, it's not that I don't care or that I wouldn't do it anyway. Like Mycroft said, we've known each other since we were kids. Even if I'm not exactly a friend, that's only because Sherlock just doesn't interact with people like anyone else – well, until -"
"Let's do that."
He waited until Mike had waved cheerily – though slightly less enthusiastically than perhaps he would have before John's disappearance – until he let out the breath he held between his lips, hissing into an aggressive-sounding sigh of relief; his shoulders dropped, the realisation of how tense his body had become only sinking in as his muscles groaned at him in complaint. He began to walk the slow path back to his accommodation, already having his blinkers up against the multitude of students passing by.
"I -"
That wasn't exactly accurate to his and Sherlock's situation, but he's take what he could get. "Was he a friend of yours?"
cooking, not to mention this lot have been on at me to do a proper roast for the last few weeks. I tend not to do them when the weather gets a little warmer but, as it's a special occasion..." She glanced up at him and gave him a big smile. "Sherlock should be here soon – Mycroft, did you tell your brother that dinner was ready?"
Greg pursed his lips. "Can't make you any promises."
"Fine," John muttered, turning away only to turn back a moment later with a frown. "Hang on, add to your arrest sheet?
John did not waste a single moment; he tore his wrist from Sherlock's grasp and found himself taking three, four, five unsteady steps back until his legs hit the edge of Sherlock's armchair, struggling to keep his balance and remain upright. The light in the room brought everything into startling reality, the shock on Greg's pale face and the all too familiar indifference smoothing out the creases and edges of Sherlock's previously taut, intense expression – he found he could not look directly at his best friend, instead finding his eyes flitting to the ground and focusing on the patterned rug beneath his feet. The silence was deafening, worse than the thoughts currently shouting at him from every corner of his head... and there were a lot of them. They were racing and his heart was still pounding and he still had no idea what the hell had just happened and what was going on in Sherlock's brain, or maybe he had some idea and no desire to even consider it – christ, he was just confused. He was confused as all hell and now Greg was looking between them with his hand still on the light switch and he had no clue what he should say.
The entire table stared at him. Greg eyed the two of them closely through his haze of inebriation, seemingly on the edge of something as his eyes began to narrow, his lips separating, mind looking as if it were going into overdrive... but he stopped himself. His lips closed, his eyes opened back up properly and he cleared his throat, bringing the attention back to him.
in your arms -”
"I don't understand what you're saying." The words were simple, strong; the look in Sherlock's eyes was not. "What are you implying?"
“Good. I didn’t want to have to wrestle you to the ground.”
"Yes, I'd worked that out." She offered him a small smile. He did not return it, but he refrained from narrowing his eyes. "So. John?"
Aaaand this is the view from the top of Greenwich Park at night, which in the chapter where they break into the Observatory would be the view they would see from the top of the hill. ^_^
"Yes."
Wanda's well-aging face wrinkled into a frown. "Did it sound like I was asking? You've done absolutely nothing towards household tasks since you got home, young man, and for someone who turns twenty next year you certainly can't get away with hiding in your room for the entire summer. So, in response to my own question, no, I wasn't asking. I'm telling."
"Yeah, well, that's what I did. And we all know how that turned out."
"Yeah, y'can come in..."
A minute later:
A vaguely amused smile flitted over the genius's features. "All right John, calm down...
John’s eyes widened, mind instantly connecting with the obvious implication; at the tiniest of winks from Sherlock, however, he kept his mouth shut and simply waited for a response.
"You've never bloody had it," Greg intercepted as he passed John the spirit himself, grinning gleefully down at the curly-haired man, "so just give it a go, all right? You can barely taste it, you'll be fine."
Mycroft was suddenly smirking. "Oh, well, yes – he couldn't possibly miss it, not
– and that he had been rendered incapable of being responsible for his actions. He knew at some stage during the last few seconds that Sherlock had dropped the towel to the floor, though he couldn't be sure if it had been whilst the darker-haired man had taken the last few steps to close the space between them or before that. It wasn't important. There was nothing of any import in those last few seconds. The only thing that mattered, the only thing that he really knew,
"Why is it that you always get bored whilst I'm trying to enjoy a nice meal? You were the one who wanted to eat out tonight, Sherlock. Why do you bother to ask me out if you don't plan on actually
"Sorry about the dull conversation earlier," Tim apologised quite sincerely, glancing to his left as if he knew that the instigators of said conversation were nearby, "but we always seem to get into it no matter where we meet them. Very nice people but
Mycroft tilted his chin up slightly. "I see. So your plan is to cavort with girls until you've made up your mind?"
Greg frowned, almost pouting. "Yeah, but -"
"He's an arrogant know-it-all with more brains than sense," William grumbled. John almost choked. "What?
"You said you'd be out all night," John interrupted, not thinking, definitely not bloody thinking, folding his arms over his chest, undeniably annoyed. "You agreed to text me if something changed."
His violin. John was caressing his violin.
Sherlock said nothing. Not a word. John's stomach might as well have been one, giant knot. He had to keep talking, had to smooth this over.
"Yeah? Then why's he here?"
"You should be more concerned with the 35:65 ratio of sambuca to lemonade in
"Don't look back, just keep walking."
ridiculous."
John felt his fists start to clench again, the clammy texture of his palms uncomfortable. "No, I – you have been drinking, haven't you?" That would explain it, that would absolutely explain it. "Look, sit down, we can -"
He didn't realise he hadn't responded until Sherlock took yet another step forward; his whole face was in lacklustre viewing now, revealing the half-smile and the odd glitter in his eyes that made John suddenly feel as if he were hunted and Sherlock the hunter, a mask of pure intent set against Sherlock's long, curved face. John decided that there was no time like the present to take the first step – so he did, a foot shuffling back on the hard floor beneath him and carrying him the smallest step back and away from the man who was suddenly disturbingly unfamiliar.
" He put his glass down and started to eat again, a little slower now that they seemed to be actually conversing rather than on the verge of leaving. "What changed?"
There was no time for romance, for sentiment, for words; just names and touches and tension. He could not stop himself from moving against his own hand, the very hand gripping Sherlock and taunting, twisting, John grinding against his best friend to a mix of sighs and gasps and moans that sounded like music in a room that had been silent of any lasting melodies since the day Sherlock had first left – the heat was consuming, the pleasure building, gasps replaced by groans and groans replaced by moans until those moans became the breathless cries of their names upon each other's lips –
"I assure you, I am rather intoxicated."
thinking that you have to die in order to secure my happiness, stop putting yourself in these situations where my life is more important than yours, just…
The corners of his lips twitched; he had long thought he'd gotten his stubborn denial from Neil but, as it turned out, it was far more likely to be from the one person who he had almost obsessively observed for most of his adolescence and adulthood so far.
Sherlock grinned, eyes directed to the sky above them. "Experience, far too much experience. Did you really think we were caught?"
bloody awkward. "Look, all right, things are a bit... strained. We had an... argument. Before Sherlock came home."
"That's not even faintly amusing," Sherlock cut across him sharply, eyes blazing wintry irritation, "so don't even joke about it."
John let go of the sleeve and stepped around the taller man until he could look Sherlock in the eyes. "If you ever are in a position where drugs are an option again, you have to tell me. You
Sherlock too lifted his glass to his lips, masking their movement. "It hasn't escaped my notice how you've been reacting to our proximity, John. I merely assumed that holding hands would be even more uncomfortable for you."
Katie popped in again. "With a red rose!"
,” Mycroft interrupted, plucking an umbrella from behind the chair and leaning on it like a cane. “I assured your mother I would keep an eye on you during your studies and I am certainly not going to let you miss lectures simply because you’ve lost out on a little sleep.”
"Well, at least he has a friend, no? Benedict," Brooke said with a gentle press of her manicured fingertips to her husband's forearm, "meet our dear Sherlock's friend, John... I do apologise, what was your surname?"
"All right then, Tim, the boys seem to be up for it!" Wanda flashed a self-satisfied smile at the two of them before tapping her hand to the dashboard. "Onwards, then, to adventure!"
nice to meet you, John, I've heard
Not that it made sense. Not when his fingers had started to tremble against the strings and his heart had started picking up speed to the point where he wondered if the sheer force of adrenaline had ever been known to kill a man.
Mycroft began to walk towards them with an eye-roll, hands in his pockets. "No need to exaggerate, Mummy, he knows very well that you didn't even know of his existence before yesterday."
John watched as the man scribbled away on the post-it, long and looping letters that seemed vaguely more effeminate than he had expected. Not completely dissimilar to Sherlock's own cursive. "You do?"
The two of them shared a gaze: Sherlock, defensive; Mycroft, amused. “And do you not think, perhaps, that it would actually be beneficial to actually put your own emotional well-being first?”
"Mycroft," John muttered, rolling his eyes. "I had the pleasure of speaking to him today."
"Hello, John," the voice – William – said calmly, gaze piercing, unwavering.
John leaned back against the pillow, knowing himself to be defeated. There probably wasn't a man or woman on this earth who could force someone like William Holmes to do something he didn't want to do – he didn't need a degree to work that one out.
At which point Sherlock Holmes finally closes the distance between them and tentatively, bravely dips his head and brushes his dry, trembling lips to John Watson’s, heart pounding wildly beneath his chest as his kiss, his love, his ardent and unforgiving
A silence fell over them as the smaller of the two set to work on preparing dinner, darting between one side of the small space to an array of vegetables and back over to the beef; Sherlock watched intently as John put a frying pan and oil onto heat, his small hands throwing in the deep red chunks of beef, creating a comforting sizzling noise the moment the meat hit the hot metal; the older man started to hum as he poked and prodded the beef with a wooden spatula, an unfamiliar tune which threaded its way through the kitchen and made the whole experience of standing in the kitchen whilst John cooked for him infinitely comforting.
for you -"
proud of was the fact that Sherlock had a friend rather than the fact that John was... well. John. He imagined it was probably the first time she'd ever been able to say such a thing. "He's here as Sherlock's plus one."
Their fingers brushed as he took it. Sherlock just about managed to stop himself from the sharp intake of breath that was irritatingly perched at the edge of his throat, letting go of the glass instantly and grabbing his own with too firm a grasp and spilling it on his shirt in the process. The liquid sloshed onto the material loudly, bright against the pale blue, reminiscent almost of the same stain upon John's shirt just the night before... though this was only wine. Sherlock was not hurt as John had been hurt. It was not a disaster. He could deal with this easily. He sighed and placed the glass down, starting to unbutton the shirt with deft fingers without even thinking, he had reached the last button before he realised, his eyes flying to meet John's – whose own gaze was fixed intently on Sherlock's graceful, dexterous fingers – and freezing there as his fingers stilled.
John looked away, a small grin unfolding on his own lips. "Guess he's rubbed off on me."
Sherlock's eyes flitted up to his, hazy, unreadable. "What question?"
"Watson," he said, feeling distinctly uncomfortable to have the dignified man's eyes so suddenly upon him, "John Watson."
John raised his eyebrows. "Wow. And that one, is that the one you have now?"
“Sherlock, look at me. Now.”
“You're only human, Sherlock, and a teenage one at that, much as you tend to tell yourself that you're above all of that hormonal nonsense. Regardless of your good intentions, you can only ask so much of yourself before you're simply in denial.”
stupidity? It doesn't matter that you weren't insulting me, Sherlock, it doesn't matter that all of your bitterness was worded around my bloody father's drinking problem, you did it purposefully to embarrass me! To
Sherlock shrugged, both hands coming around to cup the beloved object between his fingers and bringing it closer to himself, eyes roving along every little detail, every minute scratch. "It never really came up."
me." When John did not respond quickly enough, Sherlock's hand came from out of nowhere as slender fingers found their way to his wrist, wrapping themselves around it and prying it none-too-gently from its place. John fought against it weakly, pathetically, but with a final tug Sherlock brought the hand out into the open and turned it over, eyes scanning the wound.
All in all, the room was beautiful. Perfect, even. John felt dirty just standing there, a ragamuffin in his tatty old jeans and a rumpled t-shirt.
John's grin widened further still. "Who says I'm smiling?"
William's eyes narrowed, uncomfortably judgemental. "Yes, I'd imagine you wouldn't. Amazing what a few drinks can do for depression."
It took John a moment to realise that Sherlock was referring to the observatory. He started to walk, knowing the tall pain in his arse would follow. "It's called
"Well, I guess that means you're not my type then," John teased with a grin; he couldn't swear to it, but there was a definite twitch to Sherlock's lips that could have almost been a smile. "Really, Sherlock, it was one night of sex and never hearing from each other again. Meaningless."
"Well, apparently I'm supposed to forget I have a bunch of mulchy crap in my head and just -"
"Don't worry," John said with a small laugh as he opened up his e-mails and set out to compose a new message, "you should hear some of the things I hear out of Greg's mouth."
"Good luck..."
She stared at him for a few moments more, clearly wanting to say something; the unspoken words hung in the air between them but, apparently choosing not to voice them, she instead gently shook her head and turned back to the sink. Her voice sounded oddly thick as she said lightly, "I'm glad that you and Sherlock have patched things up."
"I'd rather keep my socks on if that's all right, but I'll give it a go anyway," John agreed, taking the bottle off of Greg and twisting the cap off, tipping until a quarter of the cup was full of the green stuff. "Will it make me ill?"
"Harry," he interrupted again, though slightly more patient this time, "and Katie, I suppose... I really do need you to help me figure out what to do. I mean, have you ever been in this situation?"
who seemed to need a moment. To her credit she at least seemed to be trying to sound as if she had it all under control. "I'm not upset. All right? I'm not. But I need to know. Is there something going on between you and my son?"
"I suppose at your age that's all you need to know," Sharon sighed, finishing her own cup of tea. "Oh, to be young again! Anyway, I don't want to make you uncomfortable -"
John tried to force a smile as his fingers slipped over the button and he had to start again. "What about you?"
"All right, loser? It's three in the morning, what the hell are you doing awake?"
wouldn't be here without it." John knew that he was throwing sentiment at Sherlock at ridiculous speed, but at that moment he couldn't really care less. "If it hadn't been for meeting you I probably wouldn't even exist right now. So, yeah. Our friendship is important. The most important thing."
"I didn't say that I
John stared at him. "I don't know. Get over it?"
"I'll try some when I get in there," he said pointedly, gesturing towards the house, "unless you want to spend the whole night out here catching pneumonia?"
"And I assume the consequence for not doing so is having to take a drink, as usual?" He sighed. "How
"Right." The two young men stood opposite each other, staring awkwardly until finally Mike took a step away. "I should probably get to my lecture, but if you get your phone fixed just drop me a text about next Friday, yeah?"
Surprise shadowed Sherlock’s face before a tiny flicker of understanding glittered in his eyes. “I did say that.”
“Stop trying to deflect from the real issue.”
The look of confusion that spread over John's face was almost laughable. "What do you mean? I
“Ah. I see. So you're here because you're trying to ascertain whether I'm going to cause a scene and make your lives
John's whole body flooded with heat, quickly followed by numbness. His eyes stared, barely seeing as the words just kept coming.
"You're not looking at me," Sherlock observed wryly, the heat of his gaze hot against John's discomfort, "so I assume that I
Confusing. “Why?”
The matriarch and her youngest shared a look. Tim and John glanced at each other.
that. I don't think it would have changed him or how he is. It would have just made him even more unreachable."
Staring down at the man he’d known for barely two weeks, John found himself sighing, fingers playing idly with the large pocket of his hoodie. Something had been irrevocably changed in his life, he knew, but
He looked away. "As much as I'd love to wear what I'm sure is a beautiful dress, I really don't think your friends would react kindly to me wearing something they've already seen. Maybe something in mauve?"
“The way I am? Elaborate.”
"We need to make the most of this weather," Tim mused, turning around to glance at the sky through the conservatory windows, "it's supposed to rain for the rest of the week."
He took a deep breath, raised his eyebrows and forced himself to meet her eyes. “I have depression, Mum. It's not like I'm...”
Well, he was screwed now. "I... I don't want to
Which did not explain how he found himself twenty minutes later slipping his key into the lock of 221B and pulling himself up the creaking staircase at 10:34pm at night.
"If your parents would take it so badly -"
How had he known?!
Sherlock glanced up, flashing him the tiniest of grins. "I certainly hope so."
John held out the instrument with his own hand, though Sherlock noted a strange sort of reluctance. "He might have hidden talents."
"Sherlock. He... Mycroft and me, we figured out that -"
John sighed. "Harry, it's three-thirty in the morning..."
"Sherlock…" John sighed, leaning forward and resting his weight on his forearms and elbows. "Sherlock, you care about me. It's all right to admit that."
about it! Like it doesn't matter that I -"
Then he remembered his tuxedo and felt a little better.
"That's perfectly understandable," the counsellor said calmly, spreading out his hands as John had done before. "It often feels like a sign of weakness, trying to seek out help. It makes us feel as if we can't be independent. Like we can't keep control over our own lives."
There was a sound of movement, probably a shrug. "When Mike Stamford is yelling at you from the room below mine it's difficult not to hear the words, 'so when are you going to ask out Mary'. It wasn't a difficult deduction to make after that."
"Oh, I'm not judging you, John." The younger man could not tell if he was lying. "I'm merely asking so that, if that
His mind went completely blank. Why
John did not move, but he no longer advanced either. "Right. So… maybe I should go then?" Sherlock watched as John's arm moved, pointing towards the door. "I mean, you didn't want me here in the first place, I kind of barged my way in here -"
"Oh, fuck it," he moaned, forgetting that it was Friday, forgetting his bloody appointment with William (whom he hadn't spoken to in a few days other than receiving course materials and emails with John's edited notes, illustrating the genius's previous comment of his disappearances for days at a time) – he opened the conversation window and raked his eyes over the words with building irritation.
As soon as John said it he wished that he could take it back, knowing as he did far too late what would happen; almost as if reacting to the constant use of the word the energy around them shifted and sharpened, a contradictory mass of intensity both binding them and separating them in continuous, undulating waves. John had to take a few moments to recover before he could force his hand down mechanically to the plate in front of him, scooping up what essentially was just creamy sauce and putting the paltry mouthful between his lips, chewing despite not needing to, anything to distract himself. Sherlock had resumed his gaze upon John, a mild flicker of interest sparking behind his eyes as he watched the older man's pointless pretence to eat.
Another super-quick one until later! ^___^ Enjoy!
Yes, calling Harriet had been a mistake. "Forget it. Forget it, I'm hanging up now -"
Sherlock felt a small smile creeping onto his face and extinguished it before it got out of control; it wouldn’t do to show amusement at a time when he was determined to be serious. “Well, perhaps that’s a slight exaggeration. But I’m relatively certain that if I were to turn to you at this precise moment, gaze into your eyes and murmur to you a few choice words you’d most likely embarrass yourself with the strength of your reaction.”
John forced himself to think back, squinting his eyes and looking away until he could pull back the memory and realign the words on his tongue. "Oh."
John found his eyes looking out to mother and son one more time, the way she leaned towards him as she spoke softly, too quietly for him to hear. "No apology necessary. Not to me, anyway. Poor Sherlock."
Mike's silence was all to easy to read. "Oh. Well..."
"Please don't evoke a nervous breakdown from her before we even get there," Sherlock called sarcastically from somewhere downstairs, "you know how erratic her driving is when she's stressed."
Still he would not turn around to face him. "I don't care."
It's only a baby one... ENJOY IT ANYWAY LOVE YOU THANK YOU OK BYE <3
Chuckling quietly to himself, John reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone to check the time; he pressed the power button and waited impatiently as his screen took its time to light up before him.
“I knew you had this place bugged!” Greg cried, pointing at him accusatorily. “I told you -” His finger moved around the room to point at both Mycroft and John, nodding fervently, “– I told you, didn’t I?”
He rounded the arm of the sofa and sat on the edge of the seat. “Same.”
They are both surprised, even John who had known what he was about to ask. Yet he has to say it again.
"As for you appearing in that bloody kitchen,
"Yes... no. I don't know."
, and back into the logical and considerably less emotional version that he was far more used to. It was a relief, in some ways, to have that distance put between them; though John made no effort to hide the fact that he was inherently drawn to Sherlock in a physical way (something that was still unfamiliar, though possibly even more tempting because of that) he was relatively sure that if Sherlock had not just been proven right,
"Bedrooms, Tim, how many bedrooms does it have?"
Sherlock waited a few moments. "It's all right." He pressed the flannel against John's chest again, leaving it in the centre and not moving it. "You're tired."
"Ordinary." John's voice was undeniably bitter, the sound of it making even himself intensely uncomfortable; the acute, keen gaze he found himself locked in as Sherlock's eyes shifted to his only made it more so.
Sherlock found himself staring intently at John, his own hands starting to tremble at his side. "What do you want to do?"
"I have to mix them together now?"
"Mm?"
"Hi."
The frown which engraved itself upon his brother's brow spoke volumes. “Emotionally
. Almost as if on cue, a pool of heat filled his stomach, coming out of nowhere and making him feel vaguely awkward at its presence.
!" Greg cried, grabbing a bunch of napkins and rubbing them over his face to get rid of the lemonade-and-sambuca-mouthful that had been projected over him – funnily enough, it seemed that he had suffered the worst out of everyone. "Stop choking and finish your bloody drink, you absolute
drink to the glass. The person who picks out the last Ace at the end has to drink it."
Finally Sherlock seemed to pull himself from the moment, straightening up and giving a brief nod in John's direction. "Well. I'll leave you to your sleep. Long day tomorrow."
“Well, it didn't work. And I don't want to talk about it.”
"I'm not -" John looked at Sherlock again, hesitating. "Look, I'm not gay. I'm most definitely not gay."
She did not even look towards her husband. "John?"
Kissing John. John's breath on his lips. John's lips on his lips. John's lips. John kissing Sherlock back. John's kiss.
The two of them looked up at one another, smiles slowly fading as the breeze swept around them and they both became quite aware of their renewed proximity.
For a few moments, at least.
A pause. "I'm not altogether sure how I'm supposed to respond."
Just over an hour later he found his eyelids beginning to droop, eyes feeling a little itchy and the words on the page in front of him getting a little blurry; he shuffled all of the papers together and shoved them messily into the large blue ring-binder at the end of his bed, pushing the folder onto the floor and pretty much forcing himself to stand up and walk over to the sink. After brushing his teeth, stripping off his clothes and giving himself a quick wash, he pulled on a clean t-shirt and a clean pair of boxers, walking over to the bed, switching off the light and allowing his body to collapse onto the fresh sheets (one good thing about not being at Well Place was being able to get his washing done). He practically rolled under the duvet-cover, snuggling into his pillow and rubbing his cheek lightly against the soft, fresh-smelling material.
"Room five," he called quietly, gently pushing the flat door closed and clicking the lock back into place as silently as he possibly could. He quickly followed the tall shape of his friend, glancing around him as he went to make sure there were no spying eyes – he knew for a fact that were any of his flatmates to see him welcoming a man they'd never seen before into his room at this time of the night... well, the rumours. Greg wouldn't be the only one spreading them.
Sherlock and John sat side by side and stared out at the streaks of colour across the sky in front of them, fifteen minutes passing before either one of them found it within themselves to say a word; eventually, through impatience or courage John was unsure, Sherlock allowed the silence to be broken. "So. You want to do this now."
John resisted the impulse to do the exact opposite. "I..." This was becoming obscene, all this tension and no viable reason for it, it was ridiculous. "Sherlock, we just need to talk about what...whatever's bothering you. You're..." Why was he struggling to find words? It was as if he couldn't get enough oxygen, his rapidly accelerating heart berating him for not breathing enough. He took in a deep, unexpectedly staggered breath. "You're not... yourself."
A gentle clipping of feet on the wooden floor, a rather bored-looking Mycroft wandering into the room and revealing a suit very similar to Sherlock's only with a mossy green as the additional colour as opposed to the smoky, silvery blue; he noticed with a start that Mycroft's green was almost identical to the colour Mrs. Holmes was wearing, and that Tim was wearing colours very similar to his youngest son.
The black shape of John's face turned towards him. "Well, you
"Stop your muttering and hurry up," Wanda admonished, the creaking of stairs signalling that she was now ready and no doubt about to hurry her youngest along to do the same, "we have to leave in fifteen minutes."
Wanda turned around from the seat in front of his and gave him a massive smile. "So, what do you think? Was it everything you expected it to be?"
This is a waste of not only my time but also of your own. I would advise that you resist being stubborn, though I know how you love to be so, and instead focus on how to tackle your academic deficiencies.
He can almost
"It is."
, he couldn't just leave it like this.
you?”
Laying back on his messily unmade bed and staring up at the ceiling above him, his mind threatening to submerge itself into the usual blankness and smog, John thought of Sherlock.
John rolled his eyes – he'd done that a lot at the supermarket. "No, you just couldn't be bothered to listen. Now look -" he grabbed a knife and cut open the pack of chicken breasts, reaching in and grabbing one, " - you slit it along the side, okay? Then put the mix of pesto and mascarpone -"
" His voice echoed slightly in the darkness; John could feel the tension roll through his body like lightning, adding fuel to the adrenaline he was already experiencing and making him feel as if his skin was vibrating over his bones. "Don't joke. Don't pretend it's not a big deal. Just
"So ask me something else, then."
“I don’t want to talk about that, John.” He glares, pulling back again.
Anyway. TTYL!
“That just sort of... happened.” Sherlock explained.
Rosie comically tries to pick up one of Sherlock’s hands from his chest where he’s resting them and screeches with joy, “No Sherrock! No! We have to stand up!”
“God bless you, John Watson.” Sherlock praised sarcastically as John continued, “... and if supporting them on the most important day of their lives–”
But yes, the title pretty much says it all.
She raises her hands innocently, “Hey I’m just saying…” she says and walks away still smirking. Surely, she’ll be going on to spread the footage of Sherlock dancing around the office. Greg considers reprimanding her, but considering it’s clearly already all over the internet he decides to forgo the head-ache of saying anything, besides, if anything Sherlock would probably be proud. He’s actually not a bad dancer at all. Greg smiles at that. Who knew? And then, with another though, he pulls over the officer whose phone Sally had been using and asks her to text him the link to the video. She smirks knowingly and complies.
“Okay, good,” Harry flipped some papers around and turned it towards John, “Please say this, and
Sherlock shrugs a little, still feeling annoyingly shy, but he plows onward with attempted confidence, “Not sure people normally have breakfast dates let alone bring their babies... but yes, essentially.”
Sherlock was silent for a minute. “I'll tell you what,” He finally said, “I'll play your game, if you'll play mine.”
Molly returns with John’s toddler wrapped in her arms, and catches him looking at the screen. Her face goes beet-red and she says, with a nervous laugh, “Sorry. Guilty pleasure.”
Thoughts of Molly bring with them the association to Sherlock, though, and John’s mind is quickly occupied by him again. He gives up on actually doing any paperwork during his break (as he’d originally planned) and instead decides to google Sherlock’s name in relation to strictly. A few articles are the old ones he’d already seen, and a few videos are repeats of previous interviews that John had also already binged through. Finally, he gives up and goes to the social media page he’d seen Sherlock open over the past few days - ‘Instagram’ the icon reads - and he finds Sherlock has posted two new photographs since last night - or at least, the PR person in charge of it has? John’s pretty sure Sherlock wouldn’t open one of these on his own unless he was allowed to share photographs of murder victims and ask the general public to help him solve them. He especially doubts Sherlock has opened this page as the pictures from last night feature him at a nightclub. The first is of Sherlock with his hands splayed on Irene’s waist while her back is turned to him as they appear to be dancing somewhat sensually. Her face is turned away from the camera, but John knows it’s her because she’s still wearing the costume she wore for her performance. Sherlock’s eyes are closed and he looks almost at peace. John’s a bit stunned to see it up, wondering why Sherlock would allow such an intimate looking picture to be shared online. It’s like he never listens to John when he tells him to be careful about his public image.
And that comment irritates Sherlock, so he replies, “Molly Hooper loves me too,” and with a wan smile adds, “But you don’t seem to mind as much when
A few days later is when she steals Sherlock’s phone -  just to spite him, because yes, Sherlock is a darling, but he doesn’t really think Irene is just going to let the fact that
But he knew he'd be reprimanded for blowing Sherlock's cover so John thought for a second... what had he read about deaths and poisoning again...? “The suicides... you think this is one of the serial suicides!” John gasped in horror,
John gives Jack a look as he steps into Sherlock’s space right as Dorian leaves. As he looks up to face Sherlock, however, John freezes, panicking a little. Sherlock, for his part, gives John a little smirk of his own, but unlike Dorian’s, his isn’t malicious. Sherlock sways slowly and begins the dance by lifting his arms, stepping rhythmically from side to side as he snaps to the music. John takes a deliberate breath and takes his lead. He doesn’t copy Sherlock’s movements exactly but he closes his eyes as Algernon had suggested and bobs his head to the beat of the song, allowing himself to sway from side to side. When he finally feels like he’s got a good rhythm he opens his eyes to peek at Sherlock. And he immediately regrets it. Sherlock has now decided to pull similar moves to Dorian, moving his hips sensually and flipping his dark curls to emphasize the long lithe lines of his neck as he twists and turns. He adds in some fancy footwork to sort of change it up a bit. John feels the heat rushing back to his face.
John walked into his office at the clinic two days later and saw a pile of sticky notes littering his desk. “Sherlock, Sherlock,
John nods, “Ah yes, of course. You’re an… actor, right?” John says, snapping his fingers as if trying to remember the detail, even though he knows Dorian is a musician.
(See the end of the chapter for
!' sort of look but it failed to catch her attention) she kept prattling on, “He keeps them but pretends he doesn't, but he does.”
At John’s expression, Algernon laughs and says, coming over and putting an arm around John, “Oh don’t look like that old boy. It hardly requires any skill. Dorian gets by these things simply by being a little slut the whole time,”
Bye! :)
“And they're in here?”
favourite part.”
that this is a ridiculously over-priced piece of torture chosen by a crazy bride who wants you to look ugly in comparison to her husband.”
“Give me my coffee, you wicked boy.” She teased, as they walked towards the change rooms, “Now you must tell me what happened the other night, you were barely there and then you just disappeared. I was terribly lonely, you know. You meet someone?”
“Well, it's rather late, we're not getting a tow and we're in a village in the middle of the English country,
John carried three cups of coffee and some breakfast in a paper bag as he walked into the clinic that morning. Just behind him a car screeched to a halt and honked as the driver squeezed herself into a parallel parking spot just outside the building.
John just sat there tuning out her harpy-like noises as he tried very hard not to think about how happy he'd felt in Sherlock's arms this morning, how perfect and real everything had seemed last night. How exciting the case had felt. How alive he'd thought he was in those moments with him. This was a nightmare, a stupid horrible nightmare.
Sherlock grins, his eyes clearing of their morning fog and he silently traces a finger on John’s chest.
“I’m sure you don’t believe half the shit that comes out of your mouth,” she says, teasing him. Molly didn’t use to be the type of person who swore very often until she met Sherlock and he’d turned her entire world upside-down. She’s noticed something similar in John. She never hears the man use a crass word unless he’s around Sherlock, or complaining about him. It had taken her a while to see it, but she’d gotten there eventually. Those two idiots loved each other more than anyone. It’s not a wonder that she never stood a chance with Sherlock. Aside from the fact that he’s gay. She’s still a little miffed he’d never told her and that she’d had to figure it out on her own. Fucking Sherlock, the arsehole.
And so it is.
No such luck though, because Sherlock very quickly answered, “Yes.”
“And you hated Henry! You
They stand there for a moment, both men with their faces brought close together. For the first time in years John feels like he and Sherlock are finally okay and he is overjoyed. He hadn’t realized how separated he’d felt from the other man since he’d returned from the dead, but now he knew, they’d been eons apart. Well, no more of that. John would make it his absolute mission to never lose this again.
He nods his head and swivels it around in a wide circle from one shoulder to the other in a stretch, feeling the bones in his neck relax. He sits on the ground breathing deeply and finally lays back so that his whole body is splayed on the floor. He allows his body a moment of rest as his mind goes back to the case. He truly loved Irene for this. She had been right, this isn’t an easy mystery to solve. It’s an absolute marvel of a puzzle. Everyone in this godforsaken business has a secret, making their investigation so much more difficult to solve. They’ve been working the case for months now and they’re no closer to a clear suspect than they were in the beginning, but they have uncovered a variety of fun or useful little pieces of information that may help them in the future. Irene is particularly good at sorting through the scandals, deciding on which they might need to use later and when. There are many dead ends to sort through as well, but well, at least now Sherlock is decidedly not bored. He grins and inwardly thanks his clever friend for giving him the chance to work on this with her. Being able to use his dancing skill set for the purposes of a case was a bit of a secret dream for him - a truth that he had only ever admitted to Janine when he’d tried to befriend her at John’s wedding (ugh). Thoughts of John rise to his mind again, at the reminder of Janine and distract him from thinking about any details of the case. He tugs at his hair in frustration and growls. That bit of emotional baggage was probably what was slowing him down.
John looked up, swallowing back a lump in his throat. He pouted and cleared his throat, “She... she needed to know the truth,” He said, staring directly ahead, his hands behind his back.
“That's just what we were asking before you came in, actually.” The mousy girl told John as she turned to give a stern look to the severe woman, “We have a right to know, Anthea, he's our friend.”
Harry smiled nervously, “Mary that was taken a very long time ago...”
Sherlock can't find any words to say, so he just nods, his eyes begging John to continue. With a gentle squeeze to Sherlock's leg, and quick kiss to the inside of his knee, John enters him. He grunts when he feels the head of his cock is completely enveloped inside of Sherlock and stops himself, wanting to be careful with his lover. Sherlock, however, has other ideas. He wraps his other leg around John, and with a pull that is much more forceful than a person of Sherlock's body type looks capable of achieving, drags John forward and further into his body. His cock is coated in so much lube that he slips inside of him quite easily. "Move, John," Sherlock commands and John doesn't have to be told twice. He starts his movements slowly, pushing in and out of Sherlock to get him used to the sensation of him inside. Sherlock reciprocates by pushing against John, continuing to bring him closer to himself until John finally almost falls forward over him.
John’s face falls and the anger is immediately seeped out of him and plummets like a stone through what now feels like a deep black hole in the pit of his stomach, which, incidentally, now feels like it’s been punched. “Oh.” He says, “Oh.” John feels like a moron now. He’d come to apologize to Sherlock for being a bad friend, and here he was again, assuming the worst of him. ‘I’m such an arsehole,’ he thinks, ‘Fuck, and I should be happy for him. This is what I told him to chase after, didn’t I?’ He notices that the silence between them has grown a little uncomfortable. He should say something, “Oh, right well. Um, that’s, er. That’s good then,” he stammers stupidly, “Ehm, good for you.”
“Okay.” Sherlock said, smirking.
“Just one drink.” William insisted.
“Death, destruction... another serial suicide... let's relax for now... wedding vows, there you are.” John murmured as he skimmed over his favourite writer's newest wedding vow story. 'A marvel in Pink' the title read, an incredible romantic story of a local newswoman and her husband and their cotton-candy pink wedding.
“Tell him yourself, ceremony starts in one minute.” Greg said as he shut the door and went to join Irene at their end of the chancel.
“Telling would be too easy,” Sherlock said cheekily. He grinned at the rear view mirror. It was true. Sherlock hadn't thought anything odd about the man when he'd seen him. He would have forgotten him it it weren't for the memory of the awkward ride back to the Journal. The cabby had been annoyed with Sherlock for the way he'd teased John Watson. It had been obvious. He'd been mostly amused by the annoyance he'd sensed in the other man that night.
Algernon and Jack give each other amused grins. “Guess you’re stuck with us old boy,” Algernon comments to John, squeezing his shoulder. He pulls John along with him as the three of them follow Dorian, Sherlock and Gladys to stand at opposing ends of the designated ‘battleground.’
“No?” John asked again, “Fine, I'll go look. Oh! Did you get those results from Mrs. Hudson's hip x-ray? Mary wants to see them right away.”
John finally looked at his eyes. “Yeah...” He said, blushing a bit, “Sherlock, look I just really–”
“Go on up!” Algernon yells over the loud thumping music, “Harry’s upstairs greeting everyone – I’m off to find Cecily. Join you for drinks, later alright?”
“Wow harsh,” John laughs.
“So… are we going to go find him, then?” John asks, “Your not-boyfriend?”
“Yeah... yeah but she er... she has flaws.” John cringed even as he said the words, “She does... she iiiis flawed...”
John raises a brow, “You sure?”
John can’t help the sniggers that escape his mouth at Sherlock’s pouting. He’s so sweet, and those lips are really just perfect. John kisses him softly and leans his forehead against Sherlock’s, “No, not verbatim, but it’s what you
“Alright, alright, geez, I’m going.” The man finally relents, pulling away from Sherlock as he puts his clothes on. Sherlock turns away from him, pulling his own pajama bottoms on along with a soft shirt and walks over to the window. He opens it and quickly lights a cigarette, leaning his head out to smoke. “Is it always going to be like this with you?” He hears the other man ask him.
“Impossible to find a parking spot in this part of London, you know that, don't you John?” She smiled coyly and picked at the lapel of his suit. John fumed, flicked her hand off him and grabbed her arm to pushed her forward.
They look at each other and burst into laughter.
a bit?!”
“No.” John answered, smiling in triumph.
Sherlock grimaces in disgust but chooses to ignore her goading, “What time is it?” He asks instead.
to pick her up, she's my baby sister. She needs my help.”
be funny if it were anyone else, exciting even, but she can’t even begin to picture Sherlock doing any sort of dancing. Of course, she knew he danced in theory - she had once heard John’s late wife, Mary, mention Sherlock had taught John how to waltz before his wedding. Molly had hardly believed it when she’d heard it, but it looks like she is going to see the evidence of Sherlock’s dancing prowess herself this evening, and on live television no less! She can’t help but wonder what the hell he’s up to, or how he even got onto the show. A lot of celebrities waited years for their chance to be called on to participate.
“That bottle in the bathroom is
He figures out she has it of course. The first morning he wakes up without it he looks her in the eye and says, deadpan “Just make sure you don’t sign me up for social media – And please don’t bother Eurus.”
no beta, no brit-pick, and very little editing as usual.
The sight of Sherlock embracing the dancer stays with John for a moment longer. His mind replays the squealing woman jumping into the hug and Sherlock holding her tightly as if there were no one else in this world he’d have rather been holding. The thought sends a sharp pang into John’s heart for a second and he sits up to scrub his hands in his eyes, balancing the computer on his lap while he tries to rub the suddenly burning images of Sherlock touching this woman’s body and smiling against her on the dance floor. Just who the hell is Iris Zaputannym anyway? John begins to type her name into the search field before he stops himself, quickly changing his mind. What does it matter anyway? This is obviously for a case, just like it had been with Janine, isn’t it? It’s the only reasonable explanation, and if it
John is momentarily caught off guard but he finds that actually, he is ready so he says: “Oh, er yes.”
Sherlock grins, “Oh, John, you know me by now, I am full of surprises,” he says.
“Alright, John,” (William let go of John's hand) he requested casually, “Give me fifty quid.”
“So?” Dimock asked.
But yes, that's why I gave a warning in the beginning notes, in case there are any aces who are like “Whoa I was not expecting the sexy” Although it is rated M which I thought warned there would be adult content. Also it's in the title. In any case the only thing that happens is the sexy. You guys didn't really miss out on too much hilarity. There's like one funny line i think. Mostly it's just quick smut so yeah. Don't worry I already started the next chapter.
People walked this way and that, dragging around luggage and embracing loved ones in the crowded waiting areas. John paid them no mind as he stood in cleared off space and waited anxiously for his little sister to appear. The plane was about an hour behind schedule and John's leg was beginning to ache a little. The doors opposite John opened for what seemed like the thousandth time today when John finally spotted a familiar head of long blonde curls. Harry's smiling form appeared from the crowd. She was bouncing up and down on her toes as she made her way towards John. Her smile was as bright and radiant as always.
Sherlock doesn’t speak. He seems a bit startled for a moment as he stares back at John like some kind of deer in headlights, his eyes wide and pupils dark.
“You need to understand, John, that it is not as easy as simply ‘getting rid’ of the guilt that I feel in regards to how I treated you in the short space of time between you finding out my growing feelings for you and you coming to terms with yours. Though of course something positive was created from the drama I allowed to take form I am still very much aware that I reacted like a petulant child who was forbidden from having a toy he so ardently wanted.”
A pause. Harry's voice again. "You should go to him."
behind what the guy had said, even if how he knew all of this was completely unknown.
The intensity wasn't at all like before. Before it had been unintentional. This... this had intent.
One hand sent the text; the other gripped the blankets so hard his knuckles turned white.
Tim looked down at him with a good-natured eye-roll. "I feel I may need to apologise for my wife again, John."
“He wanted me to inform you that we are… friends. And nothing more. He wished for me to -” Sherlock was struggling to find the right words, enough that he wasn’t even aware that he hadn’t yet spoken the man’s name, “ – to assure you that it was only my wish to irritate you which led to our pretence at being… sexually involved and that there is nothing further than that currently… happening.” He ground his teeth together again, fully aware of the lame conclusion to his explanation. “He wanted me to tell you that.”
"I don't have feelings for you, Sherlock."
Was this how Sherlock's mind worked? How could he stand it?
They had too quickly reached the point that they had the first time that they had kissed, that is to say the moment that John realised he needed to stop; he was aching to taste Sherlock, to kiss him so deeply and thoroughly that he would still have the taste of him on his tongue the next morning – he could barely fathom it, the reality of the situation and the fact that here he was, kissing his best friend like his life depended on it and there was
"You'll come around to my way of thinking one day," Sherlock promised, leaning across John and plucking a grape from the punnet of fruit waiting to be put away in the fridge; he popped it into his mouth and flashed John a tiny grin, something that John couldn't help but respond to with his own small smile. "Life is
"Preferred." John pressed his fingers into his eyelids again. "Right."
Though John was loathe to admit it, there was something oddly comforting about this conversation. Familiar. Not familiar like Sherlock was familiar, but familiar nonetheless. Though he still felt the burgeoning numbness like a fog in his chest, he had to admit that it was better to be having this somewhat disturbing conversation than sitting alone in his room re-thinking everything that had been happening.
"Why?"
John motioned with his head for Sherlock to join him on the expansive rock.
Greg broke the silence again. "Right. I was just..." he pointed towards the kitchen with a finger, eyes still not knowing which man to look at, "...going to get a glass of water. Heard voices."
"No."
Sherlock feels his lips curve into a smile which is nothing to do with amusement. “I wish I could, John, but, no. I need a moment, if you wouldn’t mind.”
"Do you have many friends?"
"Yes," John said with a quick nod, turning back to the stove and poking at the beef which was surely ready to be put in the oven with the vegetables by now, "yeah, sure. I'll be here."
"And you turn girls into lesbians. This isn't the time to start throwing around insults, John, I assure you that I have many,
Reaching over and squinting his eyes against the harsh light, he read:
"I was only joking -"
"Okay."
Barely a second later -
"John, I -"
There was nothing about that explanation that John liked. "The more I hear about your brother the more inclined I am to hate him, Sherlock."
supposed to mean?"
Perhaps how they would
Instead, John was drowning in nothing.
"So give yourself a little time. Maybe you just need a kick up the bum, something to happen to spur you into figuring your shit out. True, for most people this would've been enough, heroin and all, but some people need a bit more of a push and you're obviously one of those people." A smile slipped into her tone like butter. "Just be sure to keep me updated."
Sherlock had decided (or more likely been coerced by their mother) to come along; luckily Sherlock muttered about needing to go to the Post Office, slinking out of the little shop and down what could barely count as a high street without even a word of farewell and leaving John feeling an odd mixture of relieved and disappointed as he watched his friend walk away. He didn't have long to dwell over it, however, as Wanda soon took charge and demanded to see the shopkeeper's range of waistcoats.
"No specifics."
came in here because you didn't want to let me sleep. You said, and I believe this is accurate, 'if I can't sleep, you can't sleep either', and now… what, now you've changed your mind?"
what would happen when you played tonight. You knew it was either going to go one way or another. You were just too scared to find out which."
A shudder of breath from them both.
"Oh, heavens no!" Mycroft's eyes widened, leaning back slightly in his apparent shock at such a suggestion. "No, that is not at all what I'm suggesting. Quite the contrary – for the first time in his life Sherlock has seemingly
They were a team. No matter how unhealthy it was to use the tactics that they were it made them closer, gave them a bond which was lacking between any of the other members of the Watson family. By the time age sixteen rolled around, Harry already showing signs of rebelliousness as she stumbled in through the front door at 11pm and rushing up the stairs two-at-a-time to brush her teeth and hide the smell of cheap store-brand alcohol, Sharon and John had perfected distraction to an art and – within their continuous cycle of pretending that nothing was amiss – had come to an unspoken agreement that the reality of their situation was never to be discussed.
was you giving me a chance? Apologising for what was frankly the most hurtful thing you could have possibly said?"
"Well yeah," Greg was laughing again, "of course it was Sherlock. I could tell that just by looking at your face when I walked in."
John balked at the idea ."Right now?"
"You..." John squinted, not sure he'd heard right. "You read about it."
The tearing confusion as he described finding out about Sherlock's feelings and the aftermath.
Slowly Sherlock lifted the glass to his lips, eyes still closed as he took a small sip. "Thank you."
Pushed into consciousness by Sherlock’s ignorance, John managed to pull enough energy from within him to swing his legs out of bed and groan himself into a standing position; his head swam, alcohol clearly not yet out of his system. He staggered over to the door, taking a quick trip to the toilet before staggering back and leaning himself against the cool sink as he filled a glass with water and drank it down thirstily. He did this three more times before his stomach felt so full and bloated that he could drink no more, then reaching for his toothbrush and starting his morning routine in order to make himself feel more human. As he brushed his teeth he shuffled back over to the bed, plucking his phone from amidst the blankets and reading Sherlock’s latest message:
“Thank you for your advice, Mycroft, though I’m sure John and I would have managed just fine in my bedroom. Plenty of room to… converse.”
"Like I said before, I haven't even got close to thinking about that yet. My main concern is Sher-"
“Don’t comfort me, I beg of you.”
Sherlock shrugged. "He wasn't exactly stunned when Mother started to insinuate that there was something going on. And no doubt she's told him what I told her the other day."
Tim cleared his throat. "As he's said, dear, there's nothing to be shocked about. They're friends."
John threw the phone onto his bed, letting out a groan that was closer to a yell, the little effort it took to increase his volume sapping his energy even further. Now instead of simply being exhausted he was in a bad mood, and a bad mood led to an evening of utter nothing. The frustration at his friend wouldn't last long, and soon he'd be flat on his bed, falling into a very deep, very dreamless sleep -
"Oh, fucking hell John, we
Wanda glanced into the rear-view mirror, brow wrinkling in concern. "Sherlock? Are you all right, dear?"
“It makes me happy. To know what I like. I would never go as far as to say that my sexuality is who I am as a person, but it's a door to finding my
"It's been out of your system for three hours now, you've just been too distracted to notice," his friend said, infinitely distracted himself. "Come on, a nice jaunty walk up to the park, break into the observatory, have a bit of a wander and then we can make our way back down! We can even get coffee on the way home if you'd like," he offered in apparent generosity, opening his hands wide to signify his genuine intent to provide hot drinks."I'll pay. I'll pay for your cab back too, if you come with me now."
Oh, what he wouldn't give to be inside of that head at that moment... and how much he
Greg Lestrade – ah, their living arrangement was beginning to make some sense – lingered behind Mycroft awkwardly, hands in his pockets as he shrugged helplessly towards John with a ‘what can I do?’ look that John very much understood; if Greg was under the thumb of
"All symptoms of
John shook his head as he started to jog. "Give the heroin to me and come home with me."
John's eyes flickered to Sherlock, whose face was still admirably nonchalant. Maybe he was the only one who was feeling slightly awkward. "Well, I don't mind either way."
"No," he said bluntly. "I'm sorry, but I can't come. I'll come next time or something, all right?"
"Yes, you are," John murmured, a distinctly horrible realisation starting to edge its way into his head. "Sherlock... have you take-"
"So, John!" They were making their way over a stile, John hopping over easily and waiting as Tim helped Wanda. She landed beside them and blew a strand of hair from her lips, barely stopping for breath as she began to walk again. "Seeing as everything we've learned about you so far came from Mycroft, I have to ask – how did you and Sherlock meet?"
Their roles had been reversed. Sherlock had divulged. John had been in the room with his counsellor for less than ten minutes.
to get back to.”
Instantly John shoved his phone into his jeans pocket and began to weave his way around the dancing bodies, dodging the hands which tried to grab him and encourage him to join the masses, cheers and whoops of the friends he only seemed to have when they were drunk following him as he slipped past Mike (rather feverishly kissing the blonde girl in the doorway) and managed to manoeuvre himself into the hallway. He felt a small glimmer of triumph in his chest as he watched a very bored-looking Sherlock thank the people sitting on the stairs rather sarcastically for moving out of his way, the tall genius sighing quietly to himself before turning to face the living room and therefore John; their eyes met and John felt the alcohol force his lips into a genuine smile.
don't want that."
It's real life stuff. You all get it.
Because if you were really going to move forward, there was no looking back.
She took her glasses off, closing her eyes and pinching the top of her nose before opening her eyes and gazing at the twenty-three year old wearily. “Do you? Because the John Watson I know doesn't get below fifty percent on an essay. The John Watson I personally interviewed for a place on this course doesn't get below fifty and seem completely unperturbed.” Slowly she put the papers down, taking in his form carefully. “If something is going on, John, you need to tell us. We can't help you if -”
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock lifted the glass to his lips again. "Dear lord. This is fun, is it?"
