when we’re at dinners or at the dances in town. They make me feel...dirty.” Tony sighed.  “I don’t know. I don’t think they’ve decided on anyone yet, but my Dame’s been dropping hints. And every time she does I feel the noose tighten a little more around my neck.”  Tony stopped packing his carpet bag, fingers stilling on the waistcoat he was folding. “I really need your support on this.”
“Look up.”
“Yeah!” Peadar said, shoving in a mouthful of his dinner. “Very good.”
“Negotiate?” Fury laughed. “What do you think you have to bargain?”
Hodge. The alpha Steve had tousled with more than once because of Tony. He felt sick.
He rolled over, finding the oil lamp and matches and lighting it. The light spilled over the bed and now he could see the problem.
more and more.
“It’s dumb,” Steve burst out, “really dumb, I know. I just thought—“
He repeated it a few times, staying close and watching for the light. Maybe Steve would be home when morning came, and he wouldn’t have to do this alone.
“Sure are. They’re wanted for robbing a stagecoach. Shot the driver and the passengers, then killed two lawmen who went after them. Nasty business.”
Maria leaned into the hug, wrapping her arm around her dad and clutching him tightly. “Both my babies are heading to California.”
“It isn’t. Honestly, I’m such a klutz.” A hand brushed over his jacket, removing some stray pastry crumbs that dusted it. Tony blinked and finally got a good look at the man in front of him.
The man looked up at him dazed for a second before looking at the car. “Well, that was a spot of good timing,” he said, an English accent framing his words. He glared at the jack a moment. “Damn thing. Well, thank you young man,” he said, wiping a hand over his brow. “My wife would have been livid if I’d let the roast burn.”
Stíofán followed the order, shepherding Tony through the door. He glared at Hammer’s inspection of his mate, moving to block his view. They went to the kitchen, where Stíofán introduced Tony to the does who made the food. They seemed wary, no doubt having heard where he’d come from, but put him to work. Stíofán took a seat at one of the long tables they ate at, waiting for his morning meal.
“What if you built a new broom?”
“Do you need a lint roller?” She blurted, grabbing the bag by the door and brandishing the twelve pack. Oh my god, she was actually ridiculous. She’d interned for a summer in Wakanda and conducted events with international diplomats with more finesse than in this exact moment.
The doe nodded, bouncing up and down, letting out little moans as he did. It was beautiful to watch, but Stíofán wanted more.
“I don’t see you helping.”
“Are you kidding? You think Captain America is cool because of the muscles? No way! The guy is like five foot nothing, skinny asthmatic, who grows up with not a lot in Brooklyn, but he spends all his spare time getting beat up by bullies because he can’t stand to see people being pushed around. Then he tries to enlist, not once, not twice but
“Seriously Stevie? Christ, have you ever relaxed in your life? Just lie there, for fuck’s sake.”
Tony hung up, took a fortifying breath, and stepped out. To his relief, Steve was still asleep, and so he snuck over first to the bookshelf. He grabbed the action figures and funko bobbleheads tossing them carefully into his laundry basket. He mouthed ‘sorry’ to the Cap plushy he’d had since he was a kid and tucked him in too, grabbing a pile of discarded clothes and dumping them on top to hide the evidence.
But he couldn’t. Instead, he let Steve wrap his arms around him and hold him close.
Steve’s eyebrows rose. “Sorry?”
“Rhodey…”
Steve blinked. “What?”
“Oh, we wouldn’t want to impose. Fancy East Coast omega like yourself probably doesn’t have the time for the
“If I win, you may take any riches I am awarded. I only want the wish the Emperor said he would grant.”
“Worth a try,” Maria agreed. She caught Nakia’s eye. She was pretty sure she knew someone who could give the king a nudge.
“I’m glad you guys still get to play one-on-one. That’s so damn cute.”
in Captain America merch. He looked down at Steve, and then at his duvet cover - a recent semi-joke gift from Rhodey - with a giant picture of Cap’s face surrounded by little hearts staring back at him with that charming smile.
“I think so? I mean, god I thought he looked familiar but I didn’t think this!” A memory wiggled its way out from the depths of his mind, the photos his father kept in his office of a man he vowed to find…
The alpha nodded. “Good, that’s settled. Now it’s getting late. We should look to turn in for the night.”
“Well, at least it’ll be the nice kind of gossip,” Tony offered, feeling a thrill that his alpha seemed to appreciate his looks. He and Jarvis had clearly chosen well in his arrival clothes. “I don’t mind being the talk of the town.”
Maybe…
Tony looked up, meeting Steve’s frustrated gaze. He had his hands braced on the back of the chair, the Rogers’ stubbornness on full display.
Steve scowled up at him from where he was sprawled against a plush armchair. “Maybe if you hadn’t put me in heels--”
“You have ten seconds to drop your weapons and surrender,” the newcomer said, with the commanding tone of someone who expected to be obeyed. “I won’t ask again.”
Always interrupting his lessons to lark about, and bringing him novels, and ensuring the cook made him the scones he liked for his luncheon. And the day before hadn’t helped.
“That was your worst fear, something happening to Peter. And you kept him safe. That’s brave.” He cleared his throat. “And now I feel kind of dumb for thinking you were worrying a bit too much.”
“A snake!” Peter squealed excitedly and pushed forward as Tony’s heart caught in his chest. Because average at biology or not, he recognised a venomous back pattern up this close.
“Not feeling well,” Tony managed, eyes closed. “I threw up my last meal, couldn’t keep it down.”
“It’s ok,” Tony managed, but there was a frown above the man’s eyes that said he disagreed.
“You as well.” Tony’s smile was all teeth, and he reveled in the victory. “I was just walking my alpha to work, and I figured I’d let you know I’m planning to have afternoon tea at our home a week from tomorrow, and I’d love it if you’d join us.”
“Hey, you ok?”
The emperor nodded, accepting the win, and Stíofán raised his sword in acknowledgement.
Tony found he was not...unaffected.
“He likes you you know,” Stíofán told Tony who turned his face in Stíofán’s bare chest.
“You’re terrible to share a bed with! You’re all big and floppy and take up nearly all of the room! I lie at the edge clinging to the quilt so I don’t fall on the floor. And you snore! Like a grunting pig.”
...and some sappiness ❤️
When Tony woke in the morning, somehow before Sheriff Early Bird, he had to suppress a snort. The alpha lay on his side behind him, the puppy curled up between his neck and shoulder, snuffling quietly.
He tried to forget, focus on the information he was meant to be recording for their database, but it wouldn’t go away. It followed him through the remainder of the mission, through the matching ceremony where Tony and a few other crew members danced with several Lanovians, and back to the ship when he entered meditation.
“I can leave some money for--”
“Let me--” Tony flew closer, reaching out a hand.
Both men smiled. Rhodey clapped him on the shoulder. “Perfect. Tell you what, Sam can watch the counter for a bit while you and I go look over your room, and then you can give me a hand with the evening rush till dinner.”
“What is up with you?!” Tony snapped, throwing his hands in the air. “You’re unfocused, you didn’t care about the warp drive -- you love hearing about how I increase efficiency! -- and you’re all twitchy. Well no, not twitchy, more like the opposite; you’re so still it’s like you’re a piece of furniture.”
When he came back he offered some to Tony who drank slowly. “Do you think you ate something bad?”
That had Stíofán frowning. “Are you suggesting I didn’t take kids into consideration when I built this house for you. The second biggest in the village? We could have a dozen and there’d be space and love for all of them.”
“It’s
“I don’t care if he has a mortgage, seven charming yet rambunctious plant children and saves kittens from trees on his day off, you do
He held the feather aloft. “I have gained my token. The challenge is won.”
“But it just--”
It all poured out, and Tony felt a relief at the release in pressure. He didn’t even realise he was shaking slightly until Steve took his hand, pulling him in for a hug.
Tony gave his hand another squeeze, pulling Steve from his thoughts. “I’ll be back in a bit ok?”
Tony instinctively spread his legs, and the Sheriff slid into place, so that the only thing keeping them apart was the flimsy material of his nightgown.
When he awoke, he was alone.
The emperor stared for a moment. Then a wide grin spread over his face, a booming laugh echoing across the arena. “So you have, and it was an entertaining match. So,
“They didn’t know,” Tony shrugged, ears drooping. “The Stables all but promise matches, you only become a slave if your costs can not be regained in a dowry, which they always advertise outside of Rome as uncommon. When the Stables realised my little problem, they opted to save themselves the
“Half-Vulcan, and even if you weren’t, you suffer trauma the same as the rest of us,” Tony growled. “If you’re still struggling with the six months you were missing and frozen, you need help dealing with it.”
“I’m sure that’s not true. Maybe you just haven’t found your thing yet. And that’s ok. You just need time.”
And Steve would never say, but Tony had started to notice the looks he was giving other omegas who were expecting.
“Edwin Jarvis. And you are?”
“Tony!” God, there was so much yelling, Tony thought, and then there was Steve picking Peter up and swinging him out of the way. Once he was clear, Tony felt a tug under each arm as he was dragged out of range.
Steve wanted to explain but what could he say? His teeth were chattering and at the sound Mr Stark removed his cloak wrapping it around, the warmth of the man’s body still trapped inside.
When he finally let him go, he ran his hands over the omega, checking for any wounds or scrapes. “Are you ok?”
“How about a compromise?” Sam interjected. “You could do a job for us?”
“You know damn well it is, Mr Rogers.”
Tony rolled his eyes, but he couldn’t stop himself from smiling. “You think one of your deputies might be able to watch the office for the rest of the afternoon, so we might--” he cleared his throat pointedly, “--celebrate?”
“I’m afraid I don’t have the time. I’m on a very busy schedule, so what I need is what your father promised me a long time ago,” he smiled, wide and dangerous. “An arsenal.”
By the time they hit the main street, it was an easy flow of chatter and Tony was feeling better as time went on.
She snapped a picture of her outfit and messaged it to Sif with a
The disbelief must’ve shown on his face, because the man chuckled. “She will, of course, no doubt, be just as happy I did not meet my demise.”
“It is customary to offer visiting parties a chance to take part in one of our match-making ceremonies. Non-binding, unless the two individuals find the match acceptable, of course.” The last part was said with a sly tone, and S’Teve heard Tony laugh in response.
part of the listing, and so far that has turned out to be true.”
“Don’t turn around.”
“Sorry we had to cut your road trip short, Captain Rogers,” Agent Coulson said, looking up from his folder. “I’m sure there was more of the country you wanted to see, but I’m afraid this takes precedence.”
“Well it probably didn’t help that you called him, what was it, a commoner?”
“I see.” Fury folded his hands and rested his chin on them. “I’ll tell you what, I’ll agree to this, provided that if you do win, that part of your request asks for a better position for me. I have work, important work, that I’m doing, and if I were to become the Emperor’s
“Very kind, but no. I have other appointments I must make. But I’ll see you for cards at Wilson’s next week?”
“Hey.”
“Thanks,” Steve smiled, seemingly honestly pleased. “Now I just have to save up to pay for it.”
“Baaaa-aaaa!” Tony bleated breathily. “It’s good, Stíofán please!”
“Hmmm, how about….Oscar, for that fellow whose book we finished last week. Mr Wilde?”
Steve barked a laugh and kissed him again. He could feel the heat from Steve seeping through their clothes and a sense of warmth and safety settled over him. He let a hand wander down to slip beneath Steve’s shirt, sliding over him back, but paused when Steve flinched ever so slightly. “You ok?”
“Yes, I’m sure you will, but to be on the safe side, perhaps you and I could exchange cellphone numbers. Just in case.”
When Tony slipped into bed that evening, he thought about Steve and how good he’d been with Peter. Tony hadn’t really dated since he’d become a parent, too caught up in learning the tricks of the trade, and not wanting to make the mistakes his own Dad had made. They were ok now, but it had taken a lot of time and talking to get their relationship to a good place, and he never wanted that with Peter. So yeah, maybe his libido was having a bit of a
“What the fuck?” Tony managed, getting to his feet. “Who is that?”
“I don’t want to.”
Hearing Steve say it back to him was like being handed the whole world in his hands, and Tony didn’t think it was possible to be happier.
He and Tony only grew closer as time wore on.
S’Teve opted to continue. “You found it amusing that the Chancellor would believe us to be in a relationship. I confess, although I understood it logically, it seems it had more of a lasting impact than I initially believed.”
Tony’s smile bloomed wide, and he pulled Stíofán to him for a kiss. Stíofán returned it in full, his hand smoothing over Tony’s belly, unable to stop touching.
findings.”
“I should wait, right? He’ll come back, and we can laugh over what turned out to be a regular, non-deadly day. Yes, that’s the right choice. Definitely. Unless- unless he’s at the doctor’s, being stitched back together or worse. What do bullets even do to a person?? Think, come on, what would Jarvis say?”
Steve flushed ever so slightly. “Uh-huh.” He gestured to Tony’s now empty bottle. “Can I get you another drink?”
“Out for a run, he won’t be too long. What time do we have to be there again?”
But eventually their paths did cross: in the lobby of the tower, as Tony was heading out to grab donuts from his favourite place.
Tony opened his mouth to say something, but was interrupted by the jingle of the bell as the door opened.
“Right, ok. What about the duvet though?”
How could he even be considered by a man like that? A poor constitution, low birth, and far too opinionated to be anything but a hindrance in Stark’s circle of acquaintances. Steve wouldn’t even have an education if the gentleman his mother worked for, Mr Erskine, hadn't taken a shine to him as a boy and paid for his schooling. Of course, Steve was sure Erskine’s plan was never that Steve fall in love with one of the wealthiest men in the county, and have his heart broken every time he remembered Mr Stark could never love him back.
“Not a client, a guest. Come down. They’re in the sitting room.” Then he closed the window behind him.
Clearly sensing an audience, the alpha gave him a look that sent a sickly feeling down Tony’s spine before he got up to return to his seat.
Or you know?”
“Anyone touches the doe, hell, you so much as look at him while you’re thinking anything like that and I’ll gore you, no questions asked.”
“No. No doctor.”
(Minor warning: Under-negotiated kink, check endnotes for details)
Maybe their plan had been a bit cruel, but it was too late to back out now.
. It’s annoying, though what worries me more is that I had to
“It’s good for you. Stops coughs, colds, consumption and prevents you from wasting away.”
Maria nodded. “Well, I guess now that I know I can get pizza and a human sacrifice, I can go become a hermit now. Sorry Caltech, the trees are calling me.”
“Well, what about you?” Tony snapped, feeling raw. “You stopped liking me.” And that had hurt, it had hurt a lot. Because Steve, Steve had always believed in him. To have him say he didn’t support Tony had cut deep.
“I guess I’m sorry that I didn’t explain what I meant and it upset you,” Tony offered, feeling magnanimous. “I didn't know.”
“Oh my god!” Maria squealed, running across the porch. She leapt into the waiting embrace laughing as she was spun around.
“Ooooooh,” he groaned, rubbing his horns against Tony’s. “That’s nice.” He started shifting his hips, seeking more. He looked down at Tony, who was focusing on nibbling his jaw.
“Melanie, David, Mrs Arbogast, Jonathan and Francis,” Pepper whispered in his ear, on the same wavelength as always. “They’ll need time to get down the stairs.”
Then a little longer.
The door opened to reveal Deputy Wilson, who smiled when he realised who was standing at the door. “Mr Rogers! To what do we owe the pleasure?”
Maria took a piece of the fried dough, chewing on it while desperately trying to think what to say. Maria Stark-Rogers did not do quiet.
It was starting to get late, the sounds of revelry starting in the courtyard as the others celebrated the end of the games with wine and song. Tired, and not wanting to take Tony out for the first time while everyone was in such high spirits, Stíofán suggested they sleep.
“So please, can we get past this? Because you’re really good in bed and I really like you a lot, and I’d like to take you out to pancakes now.”
“We have a spare room out there.” He pointed to a building out in the backyard. “Bottom floor is bakery storage but the top floor is empty. There’s some spare furniture up there we could clean up for you, including a bed.”
Eventually, Steve leaned over to grab the novel they were reading. He opened it to the chapter they were on, his voice a deep rumble as he read.
He was about to know the whole of it. Maria watched, feeling nervous as he lifted the flap.
So Tony got to watch Steve and Peter play legos while he cooked, laughing when Dodger would walk through their structure and knock it over, clearly enjoying the game. And when they sat down to dinner, it felt warm and intimate.
There was a pressure at his entrance, bigger than the two fingers he’d had previously. He expected pain, but while the stretch burned at the beginning, the sensation of fullness took over, and Tony felt the weight of his alpha press him into the bed.
He stripped the tape off, wincing at the tender skin and rinsing the wounds clear in the bathroom. They’d be gone in a few hours, and then he’d come back here and do it all again.
“If you’re in trouble,” Rhodey said, sounding urgent, “I know some people. I can call, try and pull some strings--”
? Commander, you’re hardly Casanova. You’ve never dated anyone since I’ve met you. And I assume you have a
“I knew it,” Maybe-George scoffed.
Absolutely not, Tony thought, and started walking off, looking forward and ignoring the calls behind him. As he heard Steve get closer, he mounted his broom and launched himself up into the air.
Steve’s face was flushed. “I liked it. You standing there, telling them I belonged to you. I liked it.”
“Nah, don’t worry. The cleaners have the good stuff. I can put in a request.”
“Look at it! Isn’t it amazing?”
“Finally found your place hmm, pretty thing?” Hodges asked, breath heavy with the smell of liquor. “Willing to take my money now?”
“I--” he petered off, unsure what to say.
Strange. Vulcan and human couples were not common, but they were not unheard of. S’Teve’s own mother was human, living happily on Vulcan with his father. Theirs had been a diplomatic arrangement at first, though his mother assured him it had become love over time.
“Maybe,” Stíofán agreed, though he didn’t offer anything more. It had become clear in his mind that there was no way he would leave Rome without Tony. He had fallen in love with a bright spark, and leaving him here to be extinguished was too horrible a thought to even be entertained. But he was still to discover a way to do so.
He was met with a stubborn scowl. “Maybe I’d be doing better if you weren’t such a bad director.”
The Sheriff flushed. “No. No of course not.” He leaned forward resting his elbows on his knees. “I just wanted to say I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to worry you I swear. And I certainly wasn’t taking part in the...upstairs business of the saloon.” He looked at the floor, incredibly embarrassed, and Tony could feel the anger starting to temper a little. “We always have a drink after a manhunt, and I just didn’t think. I’m not, well, I’m not used to being married yet I guess. I forgot that it’s not just me anymore and that there’d be someone waiting at home worrying about me.” He looked up with a shy smile. “I like it. I like that I’m not on my own anymore.”
“Perhaps I might.” He was an older man, dressed in a nice suit and polished shoes. If there hadn’t been gunmen around Tony likely would’ve mistaken him for one of the guests. “Alexander Pierce, Mr Stark. Maybe you’ve heard of me.”
“This afternoon, here’s the address.”
Steve smiled. “You’re welcome. Now, what was it you were looking for?”
Steve revved again and started forward, his feet lifting up as he pulled out of the driveway, and then between one blink and the next, as Steve nudged the accelerator, the bike went from rolling down the street to zooming into the air and up into the sky.
“Then go on
“I’m perfectly capable of carrying it myself you know,” he told Steve, who hefted the groceries easily with one hand.
“Petey? Bubba, are you alright?”
S’Teve wasn’t sure how to respond. His emotions were spinning out of control, and he wondered if this was what it had been like for his mother and father, realising that proximity born from necessity had grown into something more. Because it was true; he did care for Tony, knew he was never truly objective when he was around him. And now that he had more information, he realised why exactly Tony’s dismissal had been painful. It was easier to ignore something when you hadn’t had it confirmed.
“What the fuck?”
“Yes sir. I think I’m done talking now though.”
The man grinned, smiling wide. “I’m sorry. I wouldn’t want you thinking we’re all reprobates. I’m James Barnes.”
Steve crossed his arms in front of his chest. “Let Pepper organise your life instead of taking care of yourself, as usual?”
“You fight pretty good for a commoner,” Tony told him, and he meant it. The guy was tiny, and no muscle to speak of except his thighs which Tony assumed was the result of the bike. The fact that he managed not to be beaten to a pulp was pretty impressive.
He was stuck.
“Here are your briefing documents. We’ll be landing in Los Angeles within the hour, and what you’ll find there is a little...odd.” Coulson gave him a look. “It’s a giant gelatinous blob.”
Partly it was the normal feeling of missing his omega and pup and wanting to be with them. Something he felt whenever he was away, even while he enjoyed the thrill of the chase his job gave him.
“He was the worst; he needed taking down a peg anyway,” Tony said, a grin spreading over his face. “It was fun watching you wind him up.”
He clearly received some instruction, because he nodded and turned back to the party. “The Boss is on his way. In the meantime, everyone is to sit down and shut up, or you’ll be sorry.”
Toy shook his head. “It wasn’t anything special.”
Deep breaths.
“Hi, can I help you?”
“Sheriff! Wake up!”
Barnes looked a little awkward. “Look, uh, how about I send someone to fetch a wagon, and we’ll take him home to yours, alright? I see Ana over there. You take her back, and we’ll meet you. The doctor will be a few.”
“So, you come here often?” Steve rumbled, and Tony grinned with delight.
“Yeah,” Steve told him, feeling awkward. “I notice a lot of things about you.”
“It must be tough,” Laura said, handing him a piece of cake. “Coming all this way on your own. I hope you’ve made some friends here at least.”
The deputy’s eyes lit up. “Thank you, Mr Rogers. Really. Omegas are always bringing stuff for Steve because he’s the Sheriff. Hell, before you and he were married, Sharon Carter used to come-a-calling with all sorts of eats, but do you think anyone appreciates his hard-working deputies? No sir.”
“Don’t you fucking dare,” Steve said, but Bucky could see an unwilling smile tugging at his lips as he started to wipe ineffectually at the mess on his pecs. Well, on his everywhere, really. “It’s good to hear you laugh like that again.”
“This isn’t even difficult for you, is it?” He poked Stíofán’s arm muscles. “These have gotten ridiculous.”
He’d trailed to bed when Steve had suggested it, letting the alpha handle the last of the chores, though he couldn’t think of sleep now. He wanted it. He wanted those big hands on him, holding him in their strong grip, but so careful and caring at the same time. He felt the ache between his legs as he imagined it, imagined Steve taking him, pushing inside him, and making him feel as good as it had that first time.
This man had come to his home, his territory, and tried to harm his omega out of some horrid idea of hurting Steve.
“Rogers?” Jan asked. “I just got introduced to a Rogers, he was-- ah, there!”
The bartender nodded and returned to behind the bar, already starting to pour glasses of beer from the tap, as everyone else put the tables to rights and took their seats. Bucky turned to speak to Steve, giving him a punch on the shoulder as Steve rolled his eyes. Then he caught sight of Tony over Bucky’s shoulder, and a surprised smile spread across his face. Tony felt his heart flutter a little. The guy sure was pretty.
The Sheriff was stiff beneath him, but Tony didn’t falter. Instead, he peeled back the fabric so he could gently rub the cloth over the skin, cooling it and cleaning away the dried sweat.
“Give me the money,” the man demanded, hand gesturing at the till. “All of it.”
“Semi-maimed is an exaggeration.”
It was not common for omegas to be allowed in saloons unless they were part of the entertainment, but the owner, an alpha named Ms Danvers, apparently disagreed. She hadn’t even blinked an eye when they’d walked in, instead gesturing them over to a small table in the corner away from those gambling or drinking.
“It’s all thanks to Tony here,” Rhodey said, and gestured where Tony was sitting and Steve frowned.
“You want to get out of here?” Steve asked.
When he was eventually forced to stop, he pulled into a tourist shop, his thighs aching and stiff from being on the bike for so long.
Steve nodded, looking at Peter. “What is it?”
“I think we’re all just a little surprised that such a prize went to someone so new to the
J.J got in but Pops came to a halt, hands on his hips, head bowed. Dad reached for Pops’ wrist, saying something she couldn’t hear before he pulled Pops’ face into his neck and rocked him side to side.
Tony insisted on changing if they were to go out, despite the Sheriff’s protestations that he looked fine the way he was.
Tony leaned up to peck him on the cheek. “You’re just trying to butter me up, Sheriff. Now I best be off. I want to stop by the grocer's and then maybe see if Ms Danvers wants to go shooting.”
“I don’t want to hear it.” He stepped back even as Steve reached for him, just feeling so tired. “I love you, but I can’t be with someone I can’t trust. I’ve been burned too many times before.”
Tony hated to admit it but it made him feel better, and he left the shop not long after, his belly full and his mind finally quiet. He followed the directions, carrying the covered basket and wishing not for the first time that he had his broom. Being a grounded witch was tiring, on top of being embarrassing.
“I’ll be very pleased to meet her. Does she know? About us?”
“I want to get in you,” Steve said, sounding breathless. “May I?”
It was very nice, if a little too wet for his liking - he’d heard other omegas complain that alphas always used too much tongue unless you taught them otherwise, and so he worked on drawing back a bit, showing the alpha what he liked and feeling pleased when the Sheriff matched him. This was very nice.
Steve looked at the floor and sighed. “Fine.” He turned and walked out the door.
Steve grit his teeth as he slowly made his way back. The rain had started to fall now, heavy and cold, and he felt the shivers wrack his body. He hated it, the feeling like that of when he was a child, ill with fever and shakes, his mother unsure if he’d live to see the dawn. He didn’t get so sick as often now, though when he did he was usually down for a few days. He cursed as he thought of how to explain to Mr Stark that he’d gotten ill from his own foolishness and Peter’s lessons would no doubt have to be delayed.
“Huh,” Steve said, the thoughts mulling in his head. “Mind if I take a look?”
The man seemed to understand his question and held up a hand. “Ain’t that complicated. My grandson got married last year to a nice boy from the midwest. And he looked at my Bobby just like you look at our Tony.”
“Tony St-Rogers.” He managed, the name still so new.
Somehow Steve’s face got even brighter. “Irish skin. I burn like anything.”
It would’ve been easier on horseback – much faster too – but he had never ridden before, and he didn’t know the first thing about saddling a horse. So, on foot then.
Steve took a big breath and let it out slowly. “Don’t mistake this for lack of pride, but next time you think about helping someone, I’d appreciate it if you kept yourself well away from anything that might crush you.”
Tony looked around to see one of the security staff standing there looking bored. His eyes were hidden behind purple sunglasses and he was holding a cat carrier.  His eyebrows shot to his hairline.
He could see two doors, one closed and one ajar to reveal what Tony assumed would be their bedroom. The Sheriff wandered in, carrying Tony’s luggage and placing it inside.
“Excellent.” Edwin took their plates away, waving away Steve’s offer of help. Steve looked back at Ana with a smile.
That made Tony a little uneasy for a second. It’s not that he didn’t take Peter new places, he did, but the idea of it sometimes still gave him a bit of a spike. The curse of having a kid who was too adventurous and saw pedestrian crossings as suggestions, cars as friends he hadn’t met yet, and happy to touch any and everything he found on the ground. Also, it didn’t help that Tony’s genius brain ran through scenarios even without thought, even when it wasn’t unsafe. But, he wanted to go, and Steve wanted them there, and Peter needed to go to new places. There wasn’t another option, and frankly, he didn’t want to do anything else.
He pulled out his phone, hitting call, and for a moment he worried it might go to voicemail. But then he heard a phone ring behind him, the tone familiar, and he spun around.
Tony did, hands on his hips helping him settle, until he was on his hands and forearms, behind raised in the air for Steve’s perusal. It made Tony feel seen in a way he'd never felt before, and the hot feeling in his chest flooded through him.
Steve pulled back to look at him. “Don’t tease me too much sweetheart. I’m not sure I can take it.”
“If you don’t shut up I’ll make Nat take both of your kidneys!”
“Got it.” Rhodey headed back behind the counter to grab his phone. “Darcy, keep an eye on the guy, but keep a safe distance.”
“Avengers, do you copy?” Steve barked into his comm piece as he dragged Tony along with the plant underneath the nearest table, “JARVIS, what’s going on?”
“A guest! Someone here to see you.”
“Good morning beloved,” Tony managed, because if Steve was there, he was safe, to hell with the ugly curtains.
Time to face the music he guessed. “Sure, Tony.”
He hurried to put the broom away and opted to drag the mattress back inside, putting the new sheets on it and making it as per the instructions. When it was done it looked neat enough, he thought, though not as smooth as Ana’s. But really, the alpha had never seen Ana’s expert skill, so likely he wouldn’t know.
Stíofán took Tony’s hand in his. “We’re going home.”
The Sheriff sat back. “But you weren’t wrong about me not making sure you were safe. I keep forgetting you didn’t grow up here. You’ve just taken to everything so well it’s hard to remember that you don’t know everything. So, we’ll start making sure you have everything you need to survive out here so that if anything ever happens to me, you aren’t stuck here.”
let me take a picture. I’ll keep it forever.”
Not that Steve would be interested. Taking on a child as well as a partner was a lot to ask, and Tony understood that, but that was fine. Besides, he was too busy for romance, working for R&D for Stark Industries and being a single parent, so a harmless crush was just nice to fantasize about.
They cheered, wiggling over to sit at his feet. “But you have to eat up. It'll be time for sleep soon.”
When people talked about finding their soulmate, it was always perfect.
“Actually, I think I have an idea. If you’re game.”
Tony blinked as his eyes adjusted, and when the spots cleared, the man was in front of him, his hand on Tony’s jaw and his thumb brushing the bruising beneath his eye. “That’s a real shiner you got there.”
“Quit tittering at me,” the alpha snapped at her, and Steve had had just about enough.
“You’re dying to bleat aren’t you? But you can’t, you just have to take what I give you and keep quiet. Letting your big barbarian buck mount you and fill you so you can give me some more of the finest looking kids in the village. You look gorgeous when you’re carrying, like a fire’s been lit up inside you and I get to know it’s because of me.” His own whispered words were pushing him closer to the edge and he slid one arm underneath Tony’s chest to hold him close as one hand drifted down to squeeze a furred cheek. “Gorgeous.”
“Oh.” Tony was a little taken aback. “So you’d be safer? Less running into gunfire?”
He became rapidly undistracted, however, as he was suddenly struck from the side and thrown to the floor, coffee and pastries flying everywhere. Tony grunted, a twinge in his elbow from the fall. The bitter scent of the coffee and the sugary sweet of the pastries rising up from around him, almost like a taunt.
He could see Peter, tugging Dodger along by his lead beside them, and he looked up at Steve. “Where are we going?”
to bring up France.”
“Of course.” Tony tried to pick up the pace, while not leaving spots of gravy on himself. The Sheriff continued to look at him oddly but seemed to decide not to push it any further.
Steve laughed and settled back on him, one hand drifting down to line them up before he pushed in with a slow, tantalising thrust.
“So,” Tony said, still clinging to him, the joy he was feeling almost addictive. “I assume I should refrain from matchmaking ceremonies on missions from now on?”
It sounded so simple when he said it. Just do what makes you happy and not owe anyone anything. It’s a nice thought.
“Good to hear! I need this thing up and running as soon as possible.”
Dr Banner smiled. “It’s very rare to conceive outside of heat certainly, but not impossible.” He hummed thoughtfully. “Although, three months ago was about when Peter was sick. Most likely, if I were to hazard a guess, your body reacted to your stress over a sick pup, and it went into overdrive to prepare to have another. Omega bodies can be pretty amazing like that.”
“I’m sure she can handle it--”
As he pulled the garment on, he felt the squirmy feeling in his stomach ramp up. He felt the soft linen slide across his skin, and as the nightgown settled on his frame he saw the pleasing line of lace frame his collarbones.
Steve’s heart had been fluttering the whole time, taking in the grace and strength of Mr Stark’s body when he moved, the sparkle in his fine brown eyes and the pleasure he seemed to take in their dance.
Tony whimpered and Stíofán kissed him, rubbing himself against Tony leisurely, just enjoying the sensation even as Tony wriggled beneath him.
Sure enough, as he stepped into the living room he was greeted with excited chatter. His parents were there and all his parents’ friends and clients in the community. This was a big day for them. Their only son off to start his Witch’s Journey, a feather in their cap for sure.
“Hey,” Sam greeted as Tony poked his head in the kitchen door. “How’s the room?”
Tony huffed, glaring at the leafy monstrosity in front of them. “I do remember the knife at my back.”
Tony winced, thinking of their warm, cozy townhouse, with its large walk-in shower in the ensuite. “That sounds rough. Are you looking for other apartments?”
“Holy shit,” the farmer said, brushing his hands through his hair and dislodging his hat. “I mean don’t get me wrong: I believed you could do it, but seeing it actually happen is something else.”
Tony got up off the couch, the news forgotten, and walked over, catching Steve’s cheek in his hand.
He grunted as his stomach hit the saddle, and he felt Hodge's hand on his back to steady him. Then he felt the hand drift south, cupping his behind ,and Tony squawked in anger, kicking his leg to try to dislodge the touch.
“Yeah, that’s me. Who is--”
“No, it isn’t. You loved him and he betrayed you. That’s not fine.”
Tony wanted to kiss him. Well, no, he wanted him to take him to bed and make love to him like mated couples did. But for now, a kiss would suffice.
“What’s going on?”
that longed to escape from behind his teeth. “We are both of us lucky to have you.”
Rhodey huffed. “Alright kid, give it a shot.”
“What?”
“Tones, you ok? How many fingers am I holding up?”
“On it boss.”
Eventually, eyelids fluttered, and the doe blinked, pushing himself up as he came to. He looked around and then looked at Stíofán, eyes wide. “Oh.”
“I’m just worried,” Tony mumbled against the top of his head. He was trembling slightly.
“After you?” the woman said, rolling her eyes. “Someone’s tooting their own horn. But I agree about Miss Carter.”
Tony scowled. “Doesn’t explain you. What, did Nat finally trick you into dating again?”
When he joined the Sheriff on the porch, the man was almost bashful. “Anthony, you look - well, I’d say there’s not a finer looking omega anywhere.”
“Was it worth the months of travel to get here?”
Stepping back into the main room, he looked at Tony. He looked so much more peaceful compared to the morning, and it was almost no effort at all for Steve to lift him into his arms and carry him to bed. He removed Tony’s trousers, opting to leave the shirt so as not to wake him, and after doing a final check of the house, climbed in beside his mate to curl up behind him.
“I appreciate it. He’s my whole world, I couldn’t-- thank you. Viz and I run the telegraph office. He’s a real whiz with morse code you know? If you ever need something sent, come on by. Free of charge.”
“Uh huh,” Steve teased. He expected Tony to clap him on the shoulder and take off, job done, but the alpha just sat there a moment, looking pensive.
“It basically just needs a push,” Scott explained. “But we can’t find anyone to do it who won’t charge us an arm and a leg.”
The doe sucked in air, looking surprised, but Stíofán tugged at him. “Straddle me, I want inside that sweet ass of yours.”
“It’s a shame the sheriff shopped out of town,” a man with sandy hair was saying, “instead of picking someone from the community who could actually care for him. I mean have you seen his shirts? Half of them are threadbare, and the other day I came across him patching holes in his socks when I passed his office.”
Lovesick? Hardly.
“Ok,” he moaned, loosening his hold. “Ride me.”
Stíofán looked Antonius over. “It was much the same for me. Loveliest thing I’d ever seen. Worth more to me to have you than the money I could’ve earned.”
Tony sighed happily, soft moans from his lips. But Stíofán wanted more. He wanted Tony to see heaven itself. A thought flashed into his head, of a conversation he’d overheard once between two bucks, both of them speaking of what they preferred when they spent the night with a faun. One of them had waxed poetical about the taste, how you could spread your tongue through the slick and make a doe whimper.
He decided to walk back from the meeting and get a bit of fresh air, and as he did, he passed an open doorway that smelled like fresh coffee and pastries.
He let the tears fall in the privacy of the room, using a damp rag to clean himself as best he could. He tore off his soiled clothes and pulled on his nightgown. He buried himself under the covers and cried till his head hurt and he was all out of tears. He was messing everything up already. He missed Jarvis. And Ana and Pepper. Even his mother. What had he been thinking coming out here?
“Exactly,” Maybe-George said, and then he reached out, his hand covering Tony’s on the table, his eyes meeting Tony’s own with a firm gaze. “Love you.”
“Yeah,” Steve said, clearing his throat a little and looking over to Sam. “All done. Finally.”
“No problem,” the man said, as he stepped out from behind the desk. “You’re not the first to be enthralled by Jemison. She has a gift.”
“That’s what I thought.” Tony looked around for more to say. “Uh, so what do you do for wor--”
Tony laughed at something John said and turned to Steve to share in the joke, smile wide and eyes sparkling with mirth, and Steve felt his stomach swoop.
“Alright, we have soda, chips and I got you some candy,” J.J announced walking back in with Pops in tow. He dropped the bag on the dresser, taking in the changes since they’d been gone. “Oh wow. Nice.”
“I guess you gave him a good clue on where to find you.”
“Tony!” He squeaked, slamming the gate he had obviously just opened shut reflexively as if to put a barrier between them. “What are you doing here?”
“Of sorts.” Steve said, weary of giving away too much. “I’ve been...away. For a long time actually. And now I’m back, it feels like- like the world isn’t real. I don’t know where I fit.” That was uncomfortably honest. Far too honest for a man he’d just met in a bookshop, but he was just so lonely…
The alpha ground his teeth. “Captain Rogers may have those fancy muscles from taxpayer dollars, but that doesn’t mean he can walk around like some bullheaded alpha with no idea how to treat people of good breeding.”
It was the first dinner they had together, but as things turned out, it wouldn’t be the last. Steve had naturally loved the wagu - before having a mild heart attack when he’d googled it and seen the price -  but Tony had realised pretty fast Steve was more of a beer-and-burgers guy, and thankfully that suited Tony to a tee. They still tried new things, of course - Steve had a surprising lack of experience with different cuisines - but Tony’s favourite times were the relaxed and casual atmosphere of a diner as Steve wolfed back more fries than seemed possible for someone his size.
“I’m putting my foot down,” Rhodey told him sternly. “You need a break. Ms. Van Dyne’s sewing machine can wait.”
Tony raised an eyebrow. “I am sure you could find your book of french verbs on your own.”
“Afternoon, how can I help?”
He just wanted to go home, hide away in his workshop, but instead he forced himself to eat a few snacks and shake hands and give his annual speech, which Pepper had thankfully written for him when she’d realised the state he was in.
Azari stepped forward and held out his hand. Maria copied him and he dropped a small metal bar into her hands. “It’s a gift from Okoye.”
“Never,” Stíofán stepped up on the tips of his hooves and pressed a kiss to his cheek.
Next, he went for the framed poster hanging on the wall - Cap enthusiastically promoting war bonds - taking it down and placing it on the floor, the image hidden. He grimaced at the large shield floor rug but tossed his coat over it, hoping that would be enough. Then he looked at the replica shield, his prized possession, and grabbed it carefully before wrapping it in a towel and hiding it in the shower.
“See you soon.”
“I guess so.”
“I hope you don’t think me too eager, but I thought we should head straight to the town hall – make this official?” He gave Tony a self-deprecating smile. “If my being late and featherbrained hasn’t put you off the entire marriage.”
Tony sighed, rubbing over his chest at the ache that lay there. Of course that would mean nothing if something had happened to the man. He could see no trace of him, and decided to fetch his horse and go further afield. It would be faster and he could cover more distance.
Tony spent the day fighting off the swelling anxiety.
S’Teve had a moment of indecisiveness. Should he reveal himself?
He was a few miles outside of town when his bike started to splutter.
“Ah, I see you caught my accent,” Ana said with a chuckle. “It has softened, with all the years I’ve lived here. I am from Hungary. I came to America during the war, when the Nazis invaded. Edwin helped me get out.”
That was very strange. If Peter was correct, then Mr Rogers had been on his walk for more than two hours. Tony couldn’t for the life of him work out why he would plan such a long constitutional when he knew Peter would be waiting for his afternoon lesson.
Steve snorted. “Yeah so I heard. I didn’t realise it was a partnership though.” He gave Luis a raised eyebrow and the man gave him a sheepish smile.
Steve settled his portfolio more securely on his shoulder. “Uh...see you round?”
He gave him a heated look, and the doe’s tail wagged twice. Oh yes, he’d made the right choice.
“Don’t worry yourself, Mr Rogers,” Deputy Barnes said, patting him gently on the arm. “Stevie just got a little...lightly stabbed.”
“You horny bastard,” Stíofán baaaaa-d, happy to tease the hell out of Bucky even while knowing he was a huge hypocrite given how he’d picked his own mate. Unless Tony’s personality was in his ass, Stíofán didn’t have a hoof to stand on. But he wasn’t going to let Bucky know that.
Steve turned around, tilting the pot he was heating. “Nothing too fancy. I figured it’d be a big day so we’d want something easy. It’s just a beef stew.”
The till chirped in agreement.
“Well you did good. Ten out of ten: would let you bewitch my till again.”
“Oh well, if you’re busy, I suppose I’ll speak to deputy Barnes.” She sounded a bit put out, probably because Steve was already starting to walk away backwards.
Perhaps he’d been wrong about Maybe-George - and he should definitely check his phone for the guy’s actual name - but being able to date someone who wasn’t holding out for a soulbond could be a really nice change.
“That’s a great idea.”
Eventually, they pulled apart and Dad got in the car.
Because Sam was cheering as Tony made the final shot, clipping a can in the air that had clearly just been thrown. It was a beautiful shot.
“Won’t know till you try. We’ll keep an ear out. See if anyone needs help.”
“Steve!”
“Of course I did.” He saw movement over Tony’s shoulder, and he ducked slightly to look inside the tent. His jaw dropped.
They could offer him all the pretty does they wanted, nothing would make him complacent. Though he had to admit, the smell of ready-to-mate doe on the breeze was delicious. He could well understand why they considered it a temptation. There were a lot of lonely nights in the
“Looks pretty as a picture,” the Sheriff said with a brow raised in confusion.
“Of course I did! You think I’d see you in trouble and not drop everything to come over here and--” His rant was cut off as Steve hauled him down by his robes, kissing him soundly.
Steve felt his cheeks heat. He had the feeling the other man knew this wasn’t a normal road trip. “I’ll have to try for a visit.”
Because there he was. Tall, handsome, and blond, leaning up against the bar, in a pair of well-fitting jeans and a brown leather jacket. Captain America.
“I really appreciate it, I was missing my basketball buddy.” He pulled out his phone and showed Tony a video of him dribbling a ball while Alpine ran at him to knock it away. Tony snorted and Sam grinned. “She tried a couple of times without the prosthetic but her balance was off and she’d just flip over until I picked her up for cuddles.”
“You…” He swallowed hard. “You took that hit for the fucking plant? Are you actually insane? Why would you do that?”
Tony only had a second to see the spire on the town hall and pulled up sharply as it passed between them, Steve sliding over the roof as he was dragged over it. Tony gave a thought to his poor skin but could do nothing until he was free of the building.
“I’m sure you do, and I’m sure you mean well, but really what we need is--”
“Mr. Stark, I have come to this event to make an incredibly generous donation, only for the Captain to insult me. Do you intend to do something about it or shall I take my money elsewhere?”
Stíofán took his own bowl, his fingers brushing Tony’s and he smiled at the doe. “Thank you.”
“Wow, maybe you should invent a game. ‘Throw nuts’ or something, get it? Like ‘go nuts’ but projectile, then you might actually win.”
“It’s outdoors, so it won’t be too quiet and stuffy for kids. It’s in the park on Third.”
“Three.”
Tony grinned. “Ok! And hey maybe I could--” he wiggled his fingers, “give it a boost when you’re done. Free of charge.”
“It’s too much for them. Omegas need a nice clear path. Giving them options just confuses the poor things.”
“You sure he was dead?” Rumlow’s voice carried on the breeze. “Because if you killed his doe, then no one will blame him when he strangles you in your sleep.”
“Engineering and applied science,” she added, helpfully.
“Sure, fair’s fair.” Tony let Steve sit up, and dragged off his own shirt, and then jeans for good measure. Steve followed suit without hesitation, though it was obvious he wasn’t used to stripping off for this kind of scenario.
Tony went boneless on the bed, his limbs like gelatine. Why had they not been doing this again?
“They were very kind,” Laura cut in. “It was great of them to offer their home to you, but don’t forget you made your own luck. You fixed the oven, and it gave you an opportunity. Don’t undersell yourself.”
Stíofán nodded and pushed himself to his hooves. He helped Tony up, brushing a curl behind his horn. “I meant what I said. I love you.”
He was rolled onto his back, Steve stripping off his remaining clothes and leaning back in to kiss him as he settled between his legs. He felt strong hands grab his thighs to hold them apart, and then Steve’s lips were gone from his, and there was a warm, wet mouth sucking at the curve of his groin. The mouth moved to his cock and sucked, making Tony whimper.
“I love you 3000, kid,” Dad said, as he pulled her in.
Bucky froze for a second, allowing himself a moment to process the fact that this was probably the first time in years that he’d laughed like that before he shrugged. “Yeah, I guess.”
“Alright, alright, that’s enough. Seems like you two have had a rocky start. Steve, Tony’s new to town. Maybe you misunderstood. He’s a witch.”
“You’ll be fine, and when it’s done, we can talk ok? Promise.”
She heard the click of the bathroom door. “You want to talk to J.J?”
Steve huffed but stretched out on the low sofa obediently. He lifted his leg to rest his ankle on the back, revealing more of the lace panties. Promising.
A kid. His kid, his and Tony’s. And he should’ve seen this coming, it was an obvious outcome of their mating, but Stíofán honestly hadn’t. Now there was a little life inside Tony relying on Stíofán to provide for it, and…
“Vision’s trapped, Deputy,” the alpha said, sounding more and more upset. “He’s trapped, I can’t get him out.” There was a lilt to her accent Tony wasn’t familiar with, and it thickened the more desperate she got.
“If Stíofán catches you here…” That was Tony, sounding nervous.
“That’s just down the street, you lazy ass.”
“Even when I told you to not to play in the stream?”
That was a very dangerous train of thought and Tony tried to shake it off. But he couldn’t help but steal glances all the way home, noticing Steve making sure to hold Peter securely for his sake, which did nothing to expel the warmth in Tony’s chest. Steve was so nice, and he was good with Peter and Tony
terrorising downtown L.A. appeared. It moved, absorbing cars and street signs and dissolving them inside its mass. He watched as a fire hydrant seemed to melt as a tendril of it wrapped around the base. Fuck, that was going to be nasty.
He was tired, but somehow so awake, something twitching under his skin. Steve had brought them home, tucking Tony under a blanket on their sofa and heating their casserole from the previous evening. He’d made sure Tony was taken care of, well-fed, and warm, and it had made Tony feel safer and more loved than he’d been since he’d been cared for by Jarvis and Ana.
(Minor Warning: Tony and Steve experiment with roleplay (including some very light humiliation) - it's spur of the moment so they do not discuss it beforehand, but they're in a loving, trusting relationship so both feel safe and able to stop proceedings if they need to, and a good time is had by all)
“That’s a nice story.”
Steve could’ve died. Today. Right here on the street, and Tony would be left alone.
Tony seemed to thrive with work to be done, making friends easily in the kitchens and always making sure Stíofán was given the best of the offerings.
Steve couldn’t seem to help it, but he fell forward, letting Tony take his weight, the alpha’s arms coming up automatically to hold him tight. It felt good, and he purred, pressing his face into Tony’s neck.
“Yeah, if it’s not too much trouble.”
“I mean he’s totally right.”
“He just can’t help himself. If there’s an asshole running his mouth, there’s Steve telling him to shut it.”
Steve flushed. “No! Not like that — just I would see you sometimes. That’s all.” He looked away awkwardly, and Tony felt an answering flush on his cheeks.
“Sweetheart,” Steve said gently, giving Tony a gentle nudge. “Time to wake up, come on.”
He flew down to the port looking at the huge white behemoth. It was impressive alright.
It turned out that he was an amazing artist too, bringing landscapes to life on paper. And when he wasn’t drawing his favourite subject - sketchbook after sketchbook full of planes and the dirigible - Tony was shocked to find Steve’s attention fixed on him.
“You want to test that?” Tony asked, crawling up Stíofán’s chest to stare down at him, still the most beautiful thing Stíofán has ever seen. “You, trying to swallow lumpy cold mush while the twins and I shovel down lovely hot food, all silky smooth, chasing away the winter chill. Maybe we’ll have a little honey in ours but you, sir, will miss out.”
Tony snorted. “Hardly. If anything I brought a touch of class to a hardened lawman.”
“Ooooh, yes I would. You’d be in so much— mmmmm— trouble.”
“Girl, I can’t believe you’re going to Caltech!” Shuri said, giving her a fistbump. “I’m so jealous.”
He stormed over to the tent, ripping back the flap. If Hodge had hurt Tony in any way, Steve was going to tear out his throat and -
“Yeah?” Tony replied, sounding a little resigned. It clearly wasn’t a new question for him.
“Good luck.”
That didn’t stop Steve from desperately wishing things were different.
Dad was clearly puttering around trying to extend the time, and she didn’t really mind, but eventually, he ran out of things to mess with and admitted they should leave her to settle in.
Tony wrapped an arm around him pulling the blanket to cover them. “Nap and then brunch? I’m feeling pancakes.”
She picked it up and tapped back.
“Okay,” Tony said, bending down to let Steve pull him into a soft kiss, their lips just barely touching. It was absolutely perfect.
risk your life for a
, until the material unwrapped. Stíofán groaned as two sure hands wrapped around his straining cock.
Tony sat atop the buggy staring out at the landscape as they left town. The sun was getting ready to set, but there was still enough light to appreciate it. It was greener than he imagined, once you got outside of town. The dust and buildings gave way to a pretty forest and fresh, crisp smells of nature.
Steve rolled his eyes. “It’s not that easy. You’re behind the camera and I don’t want to flirt with
“What the fuck?” Tony yelped, grabbing the Mach Two from where it leaned against the wall, Jarvis leaping into his robes and clinging on as they shot after Steve, catching him before he reached the clouds. “Hit the brakes Steve!”
“Well, we’ll be sure to attend! Oh! Where are my manners?” She grabbed Tony’s arm and pulled him forward. “This is Tony, Tony this is Steve Rogers, we met over the platter of tiny quiches.”
“Shut up Stíofán.”
“I’d do one better,” Tony said, his mind a-flutter with possibilities. “Explore the skies.”
“We’re not safe down here. Put down the plant and let’s -“
“Oh of course. Because Peter--” his hand tightened on Steve’s arm. “Has there been any news?”
“The way he slighted Sharon Carter! She’s the best cook in town after me, and a big alpha like that needs feeding. She was clearly the right choice for him.” The dark-haired omega said, and Tony realised he recognised him from church: he was married to Pastor Murphy.
He climbed beneath the quilt, setting it about his waist, and waited.
“Planty,” Steve gasped and Tony’s mouth dropped open when Steve reached up to unfasten the baby bjorn, pushing it out from underneath him. Slightly battered leaves stuck out the top of it and Tony grabbed it with shaking hands.
The sheriff shook his head. “I used to be real skinny and sickly growing up, and none of the omegas would look twice at me. So even once I shot up like a weed and thickened up some, I decided that I’d wait.”
When they’d showed up today, playtime had been cut short by someone’s untrained poodle causing a ruckus. He wasn’t sure if Steve had picked up on it, but the dog being so snappy with the others had made Tony’s anxiety ramp up as they’d gotten closer and closer to Peter and Dodger.In the end, Steve had suggested they head off, and let Peter wear out his energy on the kids’ playground instead.
Dad huffed. “How did you get it past Jarvis? You’re becoming entirely too sneaky, the both of you.”
Mr Rogers was of course free to come and go as he pleased from the estate when he wasn’t teaching, so he would often take a walk to town. It was on one such walk that Tony himself had business in town and had ridden to meet with the banker.
And then he was gone and Steve was lost to the heat, his body desperate for relief. Everything after that was just a blur.
“Get him to the doctor!” Deputy Barnes shouted, and suddenly Steve was being picked up by several alphas and taken down the street towards the house on the corner.
“A little.”
what do you ask of your
Natasha gave him a disbelieving look for a moment and then sighed. “Look, I’m sorry you… no, you know what? I’m not. You’re the idiot who thought it was a good idea to put a plant in a baby bjorn.”
“Is that a toddler on your hip?”
Tony pressed their lips together again, trying to distract him, shifting his hips to bring them together. He felt a tell-tale weight against his thigh and moved his leg teasingly to rub against it.
“Can do.” Tony took the bread out to the front of the shop, slotting it into the baskets, the heavenly smell filling the air anew.
“Don’t you think that’s a bit much?”
The alpha’s jaw dropped. “Excuse me?”
Now that the need was gone, he felt a little embarrassed. He’d said many things, but had only thought them in the heat of passion. Now it felt as though the doe might think him callous now that they were no longer joined.
Steve shook his head. “It’s not that. It’s just you.”
“Wow,” he breathed. The walls were covered in pictures of fighter jets and sketches, as well as bits and pieces that were clearly prototypes. Whoever used this shed, and Tony was starting to suspect he knew exactly who, had spent a lot of time studying planes and sketching out plans for their own one.
And that idea was nice too, but he found he wanted to look. He curled his hands around Tony’s arms and rolled, pulling the doe on top. “You going to stay awake this time?”
Tony smiled, feeling a pang of unease. Were they going to be like the others? “That’s right. I’m Tony.”
Tony opened his mouth to ask what the hell the guy was talking about, but then the cowl was pushed back to reveal…
The sign was as they had described, but was propped up with a slight gap between the edge of the sign and the roof, and as Steve looked at it, he calculated the angle, the force, and deduced he could probably set it right with a good shove.
“Are we here? Please tell me we’re here,” a grumpy voice groaned behind him, and Stíofán couldn’t help his amused smile. He turned around to look at his very round doe on top of the sturdy brown donkey he’d bought on their way out of Rome. “If I have to sit on this
“I take it no one is seriously hurt?”
Then Tony’s stomach dropped. Because not everyone had let go.
“Doesn’t sound like me,” Stíofán said, eyes falling shut.
Steve grumbled but obligingly glared right at the camera when Bucky finally managed to press the shutter through his giggles.
Tony watched him go with a sigh.
That made Tony come up short. “You mean—?”
Tony laughed while Stíofán tried to look innocent. “Seems fair. Guess we ought to get started.”
He looked disappointed and Stíofán wanted to alleviate it. “Well, there’re three meals a day, so you’ll be well fed. I’m sure we can talk to the
“No, this is…” Tony opened it again, staring at the picture of Steve lying half-naked among the bits of broken couch, propped up like Cleopatra with his leg straight up in the air and a ridiculous duck face underneath the cheap Egyptian headdress. The caption said
Steve snorted. “Go on, you. Get that sweet behind out of here before we really do scandalise the town.”
“Of course!” He answered way too loud. The job sounded easy enough. The man, a farmer named Mr Barton, had a tractor that was running poorly and he’d heard Tony could work wonders. “I am going to nail this. I swear. Your tractor is going to be the smoothest ride in the state. When would you like me to come?”
The short drive to town was pleasant. The Sheriff made an effort to keep up conversation, pointing out birds and plants.
There! He could see a horse approaching with a figure upon it, and as it drew closer he could see exactly who it was and his stomach filled with a horrible mixture of dread and pure relief.
