him when he fucked up – let Dean stew in misery and panic and a steadily growing sense of self loathing. Dean could try whatever he wanted during those days of silence. And try he did. He would bend over backwards to make sure everything was fucking perfect. Fucking
that he could ruin Cas so easily. Just one touch and he had already lost control. Not that Dean was doing much better, he was painfully hard, but this was too good, and he didn’t want to stop.
It took almost a whole second for the cold from the ice cream to seep into his head, and he scrunched up his face to try and ward it off.
Cas took a deep breath of the fresh forest air. “Soon. I think I want to walk around a little longer, I’ve kind of been cooped up at work this past week.”
“Dean,” Bobby breathed, reaching lightly for his wrist, possibly the only part of his arm that wasn’t sticky with blood. He held it gently, his touch barely there; birdlike.
Cas caught Dean’s eye and nodded to the empty chair beside him. Anna scooped Hazel up and sat in her chair.
He scrubbed a hand roughly over his face in frustration. Valentine’s day or not, he wouldn’t be getting anywhere with Cas today. The guy seemed content to read all day, and Dean refused to disturb him.
John creaked open the door to the warehouse, which was filled with rafters and large dusty boxes. Dean tugged his shirt over his nose to try and block out the dust he was inhaling, but it barely did a thing. John silently gestured for Dean to go to the left while he went right. Dean nodded and walked slowly, scanning his surroundings.
Players zoomed around him and, like always, he and Hannah battled hard over last and second last place.
On the kitchen table Dean found a still warm scrambled egg, a couple pieces of bacon, and a sliced cucumber arranged on a plate. The dishes had been washed as well.
Cas caught a brief flash of an empty parking lot as he flew straight into Dean’s motel room, confirming that Sam had indeed left.
Over the four month break, he had saved up enough money to be able to keep paying his rent, even if he dropped down to only a few shifts a week. Goodness knows that would be likely. Fourth year forensics would not be easy by any stretch of the imagination, and Dean was not inclined to let his grades slip and risk losing his scholarship.
Cas reached a hand out and cupped it over Dean’s stubbled face, rubbing a thumb over his cheek. Dean looked tired, worried, stretched thin.
“Hey!” Dean called down, desperate. “You don’t have to do this you know. You can live a normal life, eat just what you have to. Stop killing pets and keep to yourself and we’ll let you go,” Dean reasoned. He knew full well he wouldn’t let the man live after he had pointed a gun at his brother, but he was stalling for time.
Dean couldn’t help but slowly look him up and down. He was wearing a deep jewel green suit with a starched off white shirt underneath and a black tie in a subtle striped pattern. His shoes had intricate details pressed into the light brown leather. He must have sprayed something on because he smelled intoxicating. Dean registered all this in the split second before he was pulled into a crushing hug
Dean woke again on the floor. The heavy weight on his back was gone, but he had no idea how much time had passed.
Dean looked at him long and hard, trying to read him. The angel kept his gaze fixed on his hands and his jaw set tight.
Dean thundered down the field in close pursuit of an opposing player. The man was keeping the ball - very frustratingly - just outside of Dean’s reach. He wove through Inas and Kevin with some quick footwork and kicked hard. The ball sailed through the air and Dean watched as Richard dove for it, catching it with a firm bump against his chest.
Gabriel was nowhere to be found when Cas stepped downstairs, which was fine. He was frustrated enough without having to explain himself to his brother. He was frustrated at...everything. Himself for being so stupid. For pining so hard. The world for having done this to him. At Dean for...well. It was a guilty frustration. He wanted Dean, but at the same time understood it was unfair to demand a single thing from him. Dean did not owe him anything.
“Here we go,” Henry whispered, warbling his voice to sound like a ghost. Dean smacked his arm and filtered in with the rest of the group. They spread out in the weak red lighting but Cas lingered close enough that Dean could feel the radiating warmth of him.
Just as he was turning up the music for his pity party, there was a knock at the door. Cas set his steaming mug on the counter and made his way to the entrance, wondering who on earth would be here before 7 in the morning. He opened the door and was immediately pushed back into the house.
The thrill of it was rushing through his body even before he reached his hand out and grasped Cas’s, sending an electric shock of sensation up his arm. Cas hauled him upright with surprising strength, and no, Dean definitely did
“We have a test on Thursday, and I think it would be helpful if Castiel spent some time catching you up on the material. If you have the room in your schedule, of course,” she added, smiling sweetly to Castiel, who nodded once, slowly. He didn’t exactly look enthusiastic about the idea – not that Dean could blame him. “What do you think of that, Dean?”
DONE. I closed that horrid soccer plot line. If I ever start to write about sports again one of you needs to pipe up and stop me.
“It’s all over,” Sam said. He had disentangled a little girl from her bed and was holding her to his chest, but she was limp as a rag doll.
Cas watched, transfixed, as Dean started to read. From this far away, he couldn’t see his eyes skimming the page, but he knew what it said. He could picture where Dean was.
They pulled apart just far enough to see one another, to catch any indication that this should stop. All they saw was reddened swollen lips and hair tousled beyond excuse and eyes that held too many unspoken words, but none of those words were no.
serious, but he was seconds away from cracking a smile. The dark red wings cropped into his photo were spread wide, like they were about to push down powerfully and lift him up in flight.
“Then you take them. I’m done. And don’t come running back to me when they’re too much to handle. Dean is the biggest idiot you’ve ever met. Can’t do a single thing right. Isn’t even worth the air he breathes.” John took in a breath, a pause long enough for the words to sink in and cut Dean to bits from the inside out. “And Sammy?” John let out a cruel laugh. “The kid cries so much he’s practically a girl.”
Gabriel carried him to the bathroom and set him down on the counter, wetting his toothbrush, squeezing out a dot of strawberry flavoured paste, then handing it to Cas, who put it in his mouth and began brushing on autopilot.
The next boy in line looked a little bit dazed, mouth hanging slack. He fumbled and tripped over the ball halfway through the course.
Dean wanted to protest that now was a good time when his stomach made the loudest most obnoxious gurgle. Cas snorted.
“Cas,” Dean started, sounding broken. It didn’t seem like he had anything to say though. He only reached out a hand and cupped Castiel’s cheek. His touch was so feather light that It seemed he thought Cas would evaporate upon contact. Cas pressed his own hand over Dean’s just to reassure him that they were both solid.
It took Dean only two tries to make it to the correct room, and he plopped down in a random seat towards the back, relieved that he was early enough to have his pick.
When Cas parked his car early that evening, he couldn’t help his automatic smile. The Impala was there, gleaming and black. Dean was home, just as promised.
Dean slowly removed his hand from the wound. To his amazement, there was nothing underneath but smooth skin.
The door swung in and he crashed inside, looking around frantically for the familiar shape of his soulmate.
“Uh, I hit my head pretty hard. Not sure how standing is going to work out,” Dean admitted. Cas tried not to let on that he had picked up on Dean’s worried tone.
Next they all lined up at the beginning of the obstacle course, each holding a freshly pumped soccer ball. Dean went through the course first.
Dean crouched down and pulled out the first album he touched. Small and dark blue, with a lightly textured cover. He flipped it open and inhaled sharply.
Cas turned his head to look curiously at Dean, unsure of what to make of the hopeful tone in his voice. He nodded his permission and shifted, sliding to the floor in front of Dean, giving him full access to the backs of his wings.
Cas’s skin stretched over his chest in a tantalizing way that suggested muscles, if you were brave enough to touch. He had a light dusting of hair, which led to a darker trail of it that disappeared under the waistband of his jeans.
stupid. I have no idea what it’s even asking,” he said darkly. His hand tightened around his pencil until Cas thought it might break. For some reason, though, the anger in his voice didn’t really scare Castiel anymore. It was pretty clear that Dean’s frustration wasn’t really directed at
One look at the relief on Cas’s face, and Dean was taking a second tour of the wings, stopping to touch each cut or bruise.
“Thank Cas, I think I’ll be okay. Thanks again for the room,” Dean said, gesturing to the bed which looked ten times more inviting than his own back at the apartment.
Dean hummed, trying to picture a home where art was valued, and people felt safe and comfortable enough to create something. He pushed down a rising bitter feeling. Dean knew it wasn’t Castiel’s fault that he had had such a crappy childhood in comparison, but Dean had no problem admitting to himself that he was a bit jealous.
“In theory yes. They are a reflection of my true form. It would speed my healing process to be in direct contact with the grace remnant.”
He ran a hand over the back of his neck, desperately trying to cool himself down. His bandaids stretched and pulled, sending stinging pain shooting across the skin. He dropped his arm back onto the desk, heart twisting.
Sam hopped up from his slouch so fast Dean barely saw him move. He bolted for the door to the shop, and was moving so quickly he slammed straight into Bobby, who was just coming back inside.
“You guys started without me?” Cas asked in a mockingly wounded tone. He picked a spot on the sofa and tossed himself down.
was left untouched. The horror that flooded his brain was unparalleled. This couldn’t be happening again. Not a-
Sure, it was unlikely that the university would so royally screw over their star soccer player, but he wasn’t taking any chances.
Dean stepped towards him as if drawn magnetically and wound his arms around his neck. Cas immediately tugged Dean closer by the small of his back and placed a tiny kiss on the tip of his nose. Dean’ stomach swooped. It was so easy to initiate and maintain contact when Cas welcomed it so openly.
Can hummed and snuggled closer. Dean would have loved to just freeze time and stay like that for eternity, but he knew the clock was ticking and he didn’t want to keep the team waiting.
Sam carefully picked out each piece of broken pottery from Dean’s skin, wiping each cut with alcohol so it wouldn’t get infected. Nothing was deep enough to really warrant stitches. Dean figured everything would probably scab over by tomorrow morning anyways.
The rest of the day passed in a sort of limbo. Cas couldn’t quite focus on his lessons, but he also couldn’t quite let himself think about Dean. Once the page was handed off, snippets from what he had fervently written that morning flooded back to him in shaming wave after wave.
Cas smirked and tugged Dean up out of the bed. He raced to the kitchenette yelling “not if I get there first!”
Castiel tipped his face to the sky and inhaled slowly, revelling in the crispness of the air. Somehow, standing at the edge of the canyon, simply feeling the width and beauty of this small piece of earth, Castiel knew he did the right thing, sacrificing whatever was required of him to keep the earth whole.
Cas was not a weak man, but he dropped like a stone and he stayed down. The world swirled and spun around him. He was vaguely aware of being hoisted up and dumped roughly onto a scratch surface, but then the world went dark.
Okay. Quick life update. I survived the plague, and now I’m FINALLY able to go back to work. (Huge thank you to all you crazies who are staying home. I honestly don’t know how you stay sane and I have nothing but respect for you.)
When Dean didn’t move, Cas’s hand slid to his knee, then higher still to his thigh. Dean reached out under the water and grasped Cas’s wrist. He pulled his hand closer to rest on his chest, slowly, with Cas shuffling and sloshing the water to accommodate the movement. They ended up mostly on top of one another, which was more than okay with Dean.
“Nothing. Just missed you,” Cas answered, pulling out of the hug slowly and setting his things down on the table. “How are you?”
“I’m not pushing you into anything, I’m really not. But I think it would be easier for you both if you just talked it through. He loves you too you know..It gnaws at him and he doesn’t know what to do with it because he doesn’t see that you love him back. Dude…Its literally like watching a really horrible chick flick.”
Cas wanted to calm Dean, but he knew if he laid a hand on his shoulder it would be brushed off. If he tried to kiss him he would be met with a cold distracted stillness.
“Everything wrong. Let too many calls go to voicemail. Forgot too many important dates. I let myself get so caught up with schoolwork and soccer that I let the woman I love start to feel unloved. She said I’m complacent and that I don’t care and don’t put in any effort anymore.” Benny turned to Dean, looking anguished. “And she’s right. She’s entirely right and I’m an
Cas was currently darkened with several large tattoos on his back, two across his chest, one on his calf, the little one on his thumb, and the three on his arm.
“Try and get some sleep, son. I...have to head down to the shop for a bit, but I’ll be back tonight. You think you’ll be okay?”
Cas was grinning, lips red and swollen, hair pushed in all directions from where Dean had ravaged it. “Woah,” Cas gasped out between inhales. “That was - you’re. Uh. That was… good.” And just the awkwardness of the words, the way Cas stuttered over them as if he didn’t quite have control of himself yet, made the tension leach out of Dean.
He looked down at his jeans, which had countless dark smears of who knows what on them, and almost laughed at the absurdity of the situation. If only Cas knew what sort of person he had just invited to what was clearly a high class event.
Dean wrapped the sandwich in some foil to eat when he got hungry, and walked dutifully towards his law class.
Dean thought with wonder. He wanted to know more about this boy with the dazzling eyes and mismatched shoes, but the prof was moving ahead, already outlining the books they would be going over this term, and Dean dutifully zoned into the lesson.
Dean woke with the weight of a leg across his thigh and a hand fitted perfectly inside one if his. He spent a confused moment gazing at the rough fingers he was holding and wondered briefly how drunk he got last night to have ended up in bed with another man. He tipped his head to the side and nearly gasped.
Gordon wiggled, trying to shake the olive out. “Shut up dude, these things are so thick its like four stacked pizzas. This doesn’t count.” He got the olive out and flicked it back at Hester, but it missed by a mile and landed in an empty cup. The other end of the table found this very funny somehow and their laughter was so ridiculous Dean couldn’t help but join in.
He glared at his reflection in the mirror, marvelling at the unfairness of it all. It was the worst kind of anticipation, being physically reminded that you had a person you were destined to be with, but only when that person got injured.
Dean scoffed. “You ain’t got nothing to thank me for.” He bumped his hip into Sam’s, making him stumble for two steps, but it didn’t quite break the mood like he hoped it would, Dean knew exactly what Sam was referring to. Knew that if they had still been on the road, John would never have let them step foot in a place like this.
“Dean, I don’t need an apology,” Bobby said. He took a moment, thinking so hard Dean could practically see the gears turning. “I need you to know that taking your own life is just about the
“Alright boys, let’s keep it clean. First team to get a goal wins. Pick a person for kickoff,” coach Mills orders, grabbing a soccer ball and walking to centre.
“Taste this?” He asked sweetly, holding it in front of Dean with one hand and holding his other under the spoon in case the sauce dripped.
He began a quick round of stretching, then moved onto the first drill, some light footwork, followed by an agility course. Gordon, Richard, and Edgar joined in, closely followed by Benny, Henry, and Cole. The boys were fully warmed up, had run through several of the shorter drills, and were running a few laps when coach Mills appeared.
“Well hey. We just started but that’s a dead end,” Dean jumped in, pointing to the path they had just come from. “Wanna stick together and get out of here?”
“I don’t know. Alcohol?” Dean answered sassily, as if that should have been the most obvious thing in the world.
Dean considered the three beers he had drank over the course of the evening and weighed driving against imposing.
“Good. I’ll text you my address,” Castiel said, handing Dean his phone, which was displaying an empty contact page.
A blur of black and blue. Another blur. The thing was running at alarming speed, and out of nowhere, before he could even get a single hit in, Dean was thrown, landing HARD against a fallen tree.
There were entire websites dedicated to that sort of thing, where people gave themselves horrible and unique injuries and posted them in hopes of finding the person with matching marks.
Dean winked at Cas, who was perched on the edge of the bed, and ducked into the bathroom to rinse out his mouth.
He bounced up the stairs and to his room, where he flicked on a light and took off his t-shirt at the same time, tossing it into the laundry bin as he walked by. He pulled out a pair of soft sweatpants and ducked into the bathroom for a quick shower. Summer was well on its way, and the heat outside was starting to morph from the fresh spring warmth into something heavier, muggier. He felt sweaty and gross, even though he hadn’t done much.
Why are you even in school, man? You should storm the world doing whatever Picassa and Michelangelo did.”
Cas was silent for a moment, then he huffed out a little laugh. “Well now that it’s so wide open I can’t think of a single thing I need to know.”
“Cas,” Dean breathed out worriedly. Cas was standing over his open dresser, already in pyjamas and holding a spare pair in one hand but looking at them like he didn’t quite know what to do with them. The crash in his mood from what it had been downstairs just a few minutes ago was startling.
Dean smirked down at him and Cas gave himself a moment to really look at the man in his lap. It had been years since he had last seen Dean, and the guy had really filled out. His biceps seemed to want to burst out of his tight black t-shirt and there was an easy confidence about Dean that wasn’t there years ago.
Dean opened his mouth to protest. He didn’t care either way, but he could tell his dad was already boiling beneath the thin layer of calm. He needed to stop Bobby before things got ugly, but Bobby just held a hand out to silence him.
Castiel tugged at Dean’s shoulders, intending to pull the man into another hug, but Dean let his whole body drop onto the couch in a limp motion like he had entirely given up. His head fell onto Castiel’s thigh and the closeness was not as reassuring as it should have been. Actually it made a huge pit yawn wide open in Cas’s chest. He wanted to pull Dean inside it and shield him from the rest of the world forever. Instead he ran his fingers in what he hoped was a soothing motion through Dean’s still damp hair.
Cas responded with a smiley face seconds later. Was he waiting by his phone for Dean to text? The thought made him melt a little and he shot off another text before he could chicken out.
“Speaking of, I should send out a text to all the boys and remind them to show up. We don’t need Mills on anyone’s tail about attendance before the season even starts.” Benny set his fork into his now empty bowl and fished his phone out of the pocket of his jeans to send the message right away.
“Dean,” Cas said brokenly once he saw the shattered look in his eyes. “Do you truly think so little of me? This is not a random fling for me. I’m not here to fuck you and leave. You are not a trophy or some badge of honour. I…care deeply about you,” Cas said, seeming desperate to make Dean understand.
“If you make it out in half an hour you get a prize.” She scratched at the straw bunches sticking out of her sleeves and passively turned to the people behind them.
He was falling for Castiel. He knew he was falling. And how horrifying would that be, in the end? In what world would falling in love
“I will hold him,” Cas said in a voice that left no room for debate. He slid into the backseat and tugged Dean closer. The movement didn’t wake him, he didn’t even stir. Dean looked dead, and it would have driven Cas mad had he not been able to hear Dean’s faint but steady heartbeat.
Dean stabbed his fork around until it was loaded up with pasta coated in the herby green sauce. He chewed and swallowed quickly before asking his next question.
Years ago, Dean might have died for a chance to leave with so many gorgeous women. Now, all he wanted was to get back home.
“Was there something else?” Dean asked after a beat. He was acutely aware of how naked he was. How naked Cas probably was under the towel.
The speed of his answer was…heartwarming. Like he had been waiting for Dean to reach out. When Dean asked if he wanted to come over for the night, Cas answered immediately with a simple
A door opened and crashed shut, and Cas had just enough time to stand again before James let out an impressive stream of curses.
Cas paused for a moment, thinking. His hand drifted up to run through the hair over Dean’s ear. “I guess I was quiet. I loved to take pictures and read books and just be outside.”
“They’re weird, I know,” Cas said sheepishly. Dean turned and smiled at the slight blush that was playing across his cheeks.
Castiel watched the exchange, trying not to look as green as he felt. He was a bartender for god’s sake, he shouldn’t be this uncomfortable in an atmosphere that was so similar to the one he was used to back at work. Of course there were some stark differences. Mainly the strippers. Cas kept his hands folded tightly in his lap in case he accidentally brushed against someone who didn’t want to be touched. He really had no idea how the whole consent thing worked in a strip club.
Cas forced himself to breathe steadily. He would be calm, cool, collected. The perfect picture of grace and manliness and stability. He would explain to Dean how he felt and Dean would laugh it off and maybe even give him a playful punch on the shoulder, Dean style.
They made it to the hospital in closer to 40 minutes than an hour, and Dean let out a loud pent up breath when he saw Sam, leaning casually against the side of a glossy black truck.
Dean dug his hand down, grabbed hold of something at random, and came up with a purple and blue turtle. He presented it to Cas, who laughed and hugged it immediately. The sky was mostly dark now and the park was lit with strings of bare bulbs. The fake lighting made Cas’s hair look tinted with gold, and Dean had a hard time tearing his eyes away.
“Yeah uh, my brother Gabriel really likes to frame things,” Castiel explained, running a hand through his hair.
Dean ambled slowly over and sat gingerly on a stool at the kitchen bar, watching Cas expertly slice up a cucumber.
Dean realized he was still somehow holding hands with Castiel, and he extricated his hand and shook Gabriel’s before pulling it back and sticking it in his pocket.
Dean shoved past him, and Cas stood there dumbly for one second longer before he snapped back to reality and followed Dean, giving out little apologies to everyone who he pushed past. He wove through the throng of students and reached Dean at the end of the hallway.
But Cas had already handed him his shoes and shoved him out the front door, and his protests were cut off by the door closing.
No, he would allow his bruises, his stitched cuts, and his cracked rib to heal in their own damn time, and he would remember the pain next time he lifted a hand to hurt the angel.
“Mmm. Feisty baby. Let me buy you another drink huh?” Dick gestured to the bartender, who cracked open another beer and slid it over the counter.
“Hey Gordon,” Dean nodded. Gordon was dressed in a colourful flowery shirt with a couple lei necklaces around his neck and a straw hat. He had his arm slung around a curvy woman with a cat ear headband tucked over her box braids.
Once again, casuallyneurotic did the ugly beta work and turned my mess into less of a mess. Please go show them some love from me.
He had three more personal training sessions lined up for that morning, and by the time he finished, he was itching to call Cas. He forced himself to shower and change before pulling out his phone. His heart leapt at the sight of a text from Cas.
daily. Except...neither of his friends seemed impressed by his perfect form. Instead, Balthazar was staring at him with an openly horrified look on his face.
Coach Mills turned her clipboard for Dean and Benny to see. On it was a complicated scoring system, organized by player number. Dean scanned to the far right and caught the top three totals.
“Come on,” Dean said, reaching a hand down to haul him up. “We’d better get going before anyone figures out we were here.”
“Hey,” Dean said, resting a hand on Sam’s shoulder. “You go on ahead. I’ll catch up in a bit, I think I forgot my calculator at home.”
Dean found himself seated between Benny and Azazel. The table was soon covered in way too many pizzas, but the boys didn’t look daunted. They dug in and Dean found himself laughing over a foaming pint of beer at Gordon, who slowed his eating considerably after the sixth slice.
But the other part of his mind screamed, waving red flags all around. He knew he was not a safe person to date. Knew that anyone he got close to was in danger. From monsters or worse. He knew the best he could offer Cas was arm's length. A careful distance between them that needed to be there for his safety. A distance that may end up hurting Dean if he fell for Cas, but it was still better than
Dean gave a little yelp and danced around, trying to shake off the tickling mess that felt like it was crawling down the back of his shirt and under his cape. Cas was doing a similar and equally ridiculous dance beside him.
There was an openness to the question, an unspoken hope that even Dean could see right through. His stomach swooped.
“Pontiac, Illinois. About a half hour drive from my place. Dean, where have you been? I haven’t seen you in…four months and suddenly I bump into you in a random forest? Have you been following me?” Cas asked in a rush, only now starting to worry about the fact that he knew next to
Dean laughed a little at that, and the worry lines around his eyes smoothed. Cas shifted in the bed and Dean immediately leapt up from his chair to help.
They made his stomach turn, so Cas pulled on his boxers and pyjama bottoms, resolutely pushing the memory of his kidnapping out of his mind. Dean was here. They were together. They were safe.
“Aw Benny, you’re such a good mother,” Dean teased. All jokes were forgotten a couple seconds later when two trays with wrapped burgers and piled fries arrived. Dean nodded thanks to the server and both men dug right in. Halfway through his burger, Benny paused and fixed Dean with an even look.
“I’m sorry,” Dean breathed. Sorry that he didn’t go through with it, but also sorry that Cas probably felt like the bad guy here. Hell, the
Dean had fully intended to make polite small talk, but he fell silent when he saw the interior of the house.
Castiel smirked. “Manly? Sure, just not with those pants.” He moved to shut the front door and didn’t even bother trying to hide the way he was ogling Dean’s ass in his tight leathery jeans.
Dean hopped a couple times and shook out his shoulders to loosen up, then began the jog out of the room. The team followed in a tight line as he led them under the stadium lights and in a jog around the field. It was exhilarating, having hundreds of voices shouting and cheering. In the middle of the green space, the cheer team was waving their pom poms and doing some complicated looking flips.
He smiled and dragged himself back in through the window, placed his empty coffee mug in the sink, and grabbed his keys and backpack on his way out the door.
Cas glued his eyes to his notebook again and managed to keep them there for two whole questions before they slipped towards Dean once more. He was fiddling with the sleeve of his leather jacket and Cas was transfixed by the movement.
Dean hesitated. Monday seemed so far away. He felt like a teenager again, getting nervous before asking a girl out.
Dean thought back to all their previous encounters, every memory he had with Cas. Sure, the angel had talked about a profound bond and often invaded Dean’s space and he more often than not came when Dean called, but otherwise he gave no real indication that he might be interested in anything more than being partners on a hunt.
Dean bolted, taking in the chains that were holding Cas and following them with his eyes, calculating which ones he would have to pull to get him down.
The timer on their Fifa game had just blinked out when Benny’s phone rang. He lifted it, making eye contact with Dean as if asking for permission to take the call. Dean nodded while shoving more popcorn into his mouth and tossing his controller onto the couch. Benny walked into Dean’s bedroom for some privacy and the door clicked gently behind him.
“Can Dean and I go out?” Sam asked, words tumbling over each other in his excitement. The kid was practically buzzing.
This chapter is inspired by a suggestion from Why_do_you_want_to_know and seconded by TwistedAzara. I hope you like it!
“Yeah,” he rasped out. “You’re right.” Because saying so will make it so. “We’ll figure it out eventually.”
“I wouldn’t have expected to see you here. You seem more like a laid back bar kind of guy. This place is basically a club,” she said, leaning out of the way of a sweating couple that drifted from the dance floor to the bar for a drink.
With the wings fully healed and with Cas looking pretty much back to normal, there would likely not be another reason for Dean to touch Cas like this again.
“I’m so sorry,” Dean breathed out, flattening his palm against the muscle over Castiel’s heart. The beat was steady. Fast.
“Whenever I’ve needed to clean my body, I’ve used the shower. A bath seems counterintuitive. Are you not simply sitting in dirty water?”
“I have the world,” Cas said softly, hugging Dean closer. He laughed when Dean opened his mouth and nothing came out. “Let’s get some sleep,” Cas said, gently tugging Dean to bed. He lifted the covers and laid them gently back down again once they had both slid in.
“Yeah, I’m down to go,” Charlie said, standing and shaking the crumbs off her shirt. Cas accepted her hand and let her haul him up.
“...Thanks,” Dean replied. He wanted to say more, but the odd feeling in his chest and the tightness of his throat stilled his words. He put the money in his pocket and stood.
“You’re making suggestions? After your father broke up my family and ruined my life you still think you have a say in it? No. Here’s what’s going to happen. I’m going to eat whatever I crave, whenever. I’m going to kill your brother now, and if you’re nice about it then I will let you and your angel live in exchange for a guarantee that you never meddle in this town again.”
Dean ladled soup into two bowls as he spoke. “So apparently when Cas raised me from hell, he had to leave a trace of grace behind to keep me together. He wasn’t healing after I messed him up because he needed that last piece of grace. Apparently if I touch his wounds its enough contact to reconnect the grace or something, and some hyper speed healing happened while you were gone yesterday.”
The family eventually made it’s way to the living room, where Anna handed Cas another wrapped gift while they all settled onto the squashy sofas. Michael turned on a soft playlist in the background.
Dean let his eyes slip closed, expecting a kiss, but Cas huffed out a little laugh and stood up instead. He took his camera out of its case again and jogged once more towards the water to photograph the sinking sun.
“We know what you’ve been doing,” Dean said firmly. He gave up on the tubing and moved instead to stand protectively in front of the child.
“Well,” Dean started, readjusting his grip on Cas’s hand. “After the surprise run in with Sam and … Samuel…my grandpa, who is somehow also alive by the way, we sliced through all the vamps and you know, freed the prisoners. I didn’t even realize it was you until I got close, and even then I thought you were dead. I drove you to the hospital and what do you know, a couple of blood bags and bandaids later, here you are.”
Castiel set the pie down and pulled out a tub of vanilla ice cream from the freezer to let it thaw out a little bit. He leaned his arms against the counter and watched Dean.
That afternoon, he had a short shift at the bar, his first in almost a month. It was perfect timing, since Dean had left that morning to help Sam finish off a hunt, promising to be back by evening.
Maybe there was some sliver of doubt, but it evaporated from existence when a second cut appeared, just as long but slightly wider than the first.
“Fuck.” He swore under his breath. Then, without warning, he was on top of Cas. The first punch landed on his nose, and the blood that immediately spurted out tinged the world red.
“I’ve got the first episode ready to go. Have you seen any of them?” Dean asked, leading Cas to the pull out bed, which was currently in its couch form.
Dean swallowed hard. He completely understood the feeling. He wanted to ask for the full story but somehow felt it was inappropriate to bring it up. Cas must have sensed his question though because he gave a small sigh.
“You can Cas,” Dean interrupted, suddenly desperate to prove that he wasn’t a wimp. Desperate to keep Cas by his side just a little longer, even if it would mean pain.
do from all the way across the room? He pulled the knife out of his lab coat pocked, flicked it open, and tossed it.
He opened his mouth to say something about minding personal space when out of nowhere, the guy clocked him on the head.
Dean gave him an amused look. Benny lived in one of the residence buildings on campus, so it really wasn’t his bed, but he crashed at Dean’s apartment so often he had pretty much claimed it as his own.
“Besides, you’ve seen me in a million and one states of ugly and torn apart. I’m not squeamish about a couple ruffled feathers.”
casuallyneurotic was the brave soul behind the betaing of this work. Go check out their stuff (seriously. Go. It's fricking amazing)
“You’re awfully brave calling out such an open welcome in a seedy area like this,” Benny’s voice drifted in from the living room.
to come? Dean cursed quietly and scrambled off the bed to his bag, hoping and praying. He dug around and
“I love all of God’s creatures” he answered in as flat a voice as he could manage. He did a pretty good job considering how his mind was racing.
Dean barely held back a groan. Getting kicked out of class, he could handle. Detention, though? That was a bitch. And also totally unwarranted. He’d barely done anything wrong.
Dean had, of course, been helping coach Mills with the preliminary training for anyone who was on campus early enough to start prepping for the tryouts.
His fingers tightened momentarily on Dean’s head. Who protects the protectors? Who picks them up when they break down? Castiel almost doesn’t dare think what might have happened to Dean if he hadn’t been in that forest. Who would have offered him a safe place to rest while he figured out where he was, shook off his disorientation?
“Cas I got you a burger and a salad. I wasn’t sure what you would want. Or if you’d want to eat. Did eating this morning help at all?” Sam asked curiously.
At that, Castiel coughed awkwardly, and Gabriel smirked before pulling several pizzas out of a large stone oven.
Cas took down two glasses from the cabinet and filled them with water before setting them down at the table.
Dean pushed Cas’s knees apart far enough that he could lay between them, then tore open one of the condoms and rolled it on expertly. Cas leaned back and fisted the sheets, groaning just from that little contact.
Dean nodded in understanding. It was a long time habit of theirs to get together on the first night of each semester to add assignments and test days into their respective schedules. With university and soccer practice combined, it was important to stay on top of deadlines.
“Yes sir,” Dean answered, a practiced response. Despite how hard he was trying to sit still, the excitement trickled back into his bones. He was going
Cas scrunched his eyebrows together in the mild expression of surprise of someone who didn’t quite know how human faces were supposed to move. “Dean this is not your fault. Or your responsibility. Please stop trying to find something to fix me. I will be okay, I just need time.”
Write drunk and edit sober? More like write at 3am and wonder what the heck you were thinking when editing later that afternoon.
He had a million and one questions. He wanted to know where Dean has been these last eight and a bit years. He wanted to know more about Dean’s job, and what the hell he meant by saying he was going to die tomorrow, but all thoughts were wiped from his mind because Dean leaned forwards and brushed his lips against Castiel’s cheek so gently it made him shiver.
“Will a vampire come and eat you? Is it all scheduled out?” Cas asked, trying to join in on the teasing.
“Dean!” Cas protested, shaking dried kernels out of his hair. “We’ve gotta focus. I don’t want to lose.”
“I tortured people Cas. For thirty years I was strung up on a rack, torn to shreds only to be put back together again. I couldn’t take it anymore, so I took the deal. I picked up a hammer and turned on the next bastard in line, and I didn’t stop swinging for a whole decade.”
From high up in the air, Cas let out a low groan and squirmed weakly against his bonds. Dean felt like throwing up. He had wanted to get a good look at Cas’s wings from the moment he saw their shadows, but he never wanted it to be like this.
He rested for one moment more pressed to Dean’s chest, then pushed himself up. Found that he was sitting on the ground. Found that his body didn’t hurt quite as bad as his nose did.
It was far too early in the morning for the sky to have any colour, and even the weak clouds reflected only grey from the water. Everything felt empty and hopeless, but Dean didn’t allow himself to really dwell on that. He knew his sleep deprived brain was just playing tricks on him, twisting things around to seem as horrible as possible.
sucks with directions,” Inas said accusingly, jutting his chin towards Edgar who was suddenly very interested in the sky.
Castiel nodded, “I have one more class today as well. Would you like to come over around 1 and we can look over that book list together?”
Cas sank slowly onto Dean’s bed, and did something Dean had never seen him do before. He took off his trench coat and shoes and loosened his tie. The angel looked completely healed, but he also looked exhausted. Drained.
Cas let his hands fall to the grass, limp with relief. Dean looked at them, a deep blush obvious on his cheeks, and in one jerky movement, reached out to cover one of Castiel’s hands with his own. He squeezed once, then pulled away, eyes wide like he couldn't believe what he had just done. But it was too late. Cas’s soul was already singing because this was
He lifted a hand and rested a palm over Castiel’s hipbone, fingertips spread up under his loose shirt, pressed lightly against his heated skin. He moved his hand up, dragging the shirt a whole inch higher. That single inch of blackened skin made Dean inhale sharply. He had
Dean took one last look at Cas’s serene sleeping face and padded silently out of the room to get dressed. He eventually made his way to the kitchen, mostly following the scent of something cooking .
Dean nodded after a heavy moment, but Cas couldn’t tell if he agreed with him or if he was trying to convince himself. He leaned in and tipped his forehead to rest against Dean’s. They stayed that way, just breathing, and the tension bled out of them both. Dean went loose and pliant against him, so Cas shifted, laying them both down.
“I come in peace,” Gabriel called out, hands in the air as he made his way across the grass and towards the pool. He was still wearing his red and white checkered grilling apron and holding a huge barbecuing fork.
Cas must have sensed Dean swaying, because he curled a hand around the back of Dean’s neck and gently tugged him down until his head was resting on the angel’s thigh.
“Good. Itching to get back out on the field. He asked about you actually, I would have let him tag along tonight but he already had plans to go out. Crazy party animal.”
his eyes were. The strangest dark shade, like the sky right before it cracks open and pours. They were flecked through with lighter lines. Shards, like cracks in ice.
Dean smiled politely and followed Raphael down the little garden trail. Raphael pointed Dean to a bench where Cas was indeed curled up reading, and ducked inside the house.
“Dean,” the man said, stepping in after him. Cas followed his gaze as he took in the sparsely furnished home. It was pitifully small, Cas knew that, and the piles of books everywhere probably didn’t help the situation. He unzipped his coat, tossed it over a chair, and moved some books off the end of the sofa to make room.
“Oh my god,” Cas moaned, leaning forward for another bite. Dean let him take it, then scooped up another piece for himself.
A thousand and one impossibilities led them to this moment. To Cas, hair dark and damp from his shower, lips chapped, pupils blown wide.
Guilt flooded Dean’s expression. This is where Cas usually dropped it, but this time he refused to let it go. He couldn’t let himself remain the sheltered boyfriend. The one in constant need of protection. The
“I don’t think so, Dean. I’m here. I’m not leaving. And if you decide you want to get to know me, I’ll always be waiting.”
This was freedom, to be unbound from the earth, to have no limits on speed, to feel joy so pure and so strong that it wiped the darkness away, at least for a while. Castiel could only be described in that moment as joyful, and if any of the usual locals or tourists had happened to be around to witness his displays of aerial acrobatics, they would have been transfixed as much by the strong wings as by the man himself, totally and completely careless in his flight.
Dean looked up and it seemed to take a few seconds for him to float back to reality from whatever train of thought he was on.
He sucked up, then back down Cas’s length as his finger pumped slowly in and out, letting Cas get used to the feeling. Eventually, Cas was squirming against him, so Dean added a second finger. He was so hard he pressed his hips into the mattress, rutting gently against it to give himself some relief.
It was an interesting book, but Dean wondered what Gatsby had to prove by throwing all these elaborate parties. It seemed like a terrible waste of money to him.
Cas tipped the first chair onto it’s table. “I know, but he wouldn’t have let you hang around unless you had some sort of reason to wait for me.”
“What happens if both of the signs are negative instead of positive?” He asked the question as if he expected to be mocked for it, somehow both defensive and hesitant.
“What the FUCK did I just see?” the man hissed. He was so angry his face had turned a cherry red. So angry his voice barely sounded human anymore. It took two strides for him to make it to where they were standing. For him to tower into Dean’s space.
Dean thought immediately of mismatched shoes, piercing blue eyes, and a black mop of hair. The swoop in his chest surprised even him, and it stung slightly to know that he didn’t know the boy’s name and might never see him again. Classes were huge, one person could easily get lost.
From behind them, Someone jumped out and screamed, waving their arms and tossing something that felt like crawling spiders in webs on them.
Slowly, more students trickled in. Some he vaguely knew, most he didn’t recognize. Balthazar and Hannah were nowhere to be seen.
This sort of headspace was… bad. A breeding ground for irrational and impulsive thoughts. A shudder ran down Dean’s spine. This felt an awful lot like the beginning of a bad idea. The sort of bad idea that led him down to a bar and a world of regret the next morning. But no. This time it
in English, one of the few books he had actually read cover to cover. They had started a new unit in math, and he was catching onto it much easier than the last one.
By the time they exited the maze, they were all breathless and hoarse from laughing and yelling, and several of the workers gave them unimpressed looks.
Once they stepped outside, Dean sighed heavily into the warmth of the late September sunlight. From the corner of his eye, he saw Benny watching him again.
“Yeah sorry, I already stayed way too long,” Cas said apologetically. Dean flipped his wrist and checked his watch. It was already nearing midnight.
The group wound their way through the maze, and despite Cas’s initial warning that he wasn’t very good at this, he turned out to be the best navigator of the group. At forks in the path, they split up and whenever one group reached a dead end, they would caw, loudly and obnoxiously, causing the other group to screech and yell back like a homing beacon until they found one another again.
The illusion of freedom, as all illusions do, dissolved with one word, uttered in a nightmarish prayer that caused the angel’s heart to twist.
Dean shifted and to his surprise, the blanket shifted too. Dean jerked to his feet, ready for a fight before he realized that Cas’s wing had been draped over him.
Considering how long Cas had spent teasing and pushing Dean closer to the edge, it was surprising how long he managed to hold on. But oh, when he did let go, what a glorious sight that was. Cas tipped over the edge, watching Dean arch and gasp and swallowing down pulse after pulse.
Cas pressed the elevator button and both men stepped into the mirrored interior once the doors slid open. It was a little trippy to see everything from all angles, and Dean was glad when the elevator stopped. They exited onto the top floor, where there were four doors in a spacious hallway. It was so wide open it felt like a completely different hotel.
“My friends over there think you’re cute,” she said with an obvious wink. Dean turned to look over his shoulder and indeed, the women were all looking their way, smiling and waving and giggling behind manicured hands.
It still wasn’t the truth, not even half of it, but all things eventually circled back to John, didn’t they? Training since he was four, hunting since six. If that couldn’t be explained away, then
“Who said anything about sex?” Cas asked mildly. “I mean maybe eventually, but tonight I’d just like to hold you. If thats alright,” Cas added after a pause.
Cas huffed out an annoyed breath, or what would have been an annoyed breath if he was still in full control over. He made a pointed effort to keep completely still and not react again.
“Balthy is around here somewhere,” Gabriel said much too close to his ear. His words slurred together just enough to hint at the couple of drinks he had already downed.
He slid out of bed and into a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. On his way out of the apartment, he paused to look at Benny, who was just a lump under the blankets, either sleeping already or doing a good job pretending.
Dean had the insane urge to just go up to him and kiss him and never stop, but he couldn’t get his feet to move. This seemed like a dream, and if he breathed the wrong way Cas would evaporate and he would wake up.
He pulled away far enough to hop up on the counter, then parted his legs. Cas wasted no time in slotting himself between them and crashing their lips together again. The open position pressed them so much closer together, and Dean could now clearly feel the hard line of Cas against him.
He stepped out of the steamy bathroom and Dean was waiting with the first aid kit open on the nightstand in their bedroom. The first aid kit, before Dean, had contained four different sizes of bandaids, which Cas had thought was overkill. Now it was full to bursting with who even knows what. Heavy duty scissors, some mean looking curved needles, saline.
When he was finished with the front, Dean tapped Cas’s hip, and the angel turned over in a surprisingly fluid motion. The wings settled back onto the bed, one of them brushing over Dean on its way down.
“Sorry, ma’am,” Cas muttered, picking up his pencil and ducking his head. He diligently followed along as the teacher took up the rest of their assigned questions.
Dean and Benny walked together in comfortable silence in the cooling sunset air. By the time they got to the residence buildings, the party was well under way. Music was thumping through large loud speakers, and bodies were pressed together on a makeshift dance floor in the corner of the common room. Beer pong had been set up on the kitchen table and a group was crowded around it, cheering someone on.
Dean cracked his back and sighed. He and Sam had been looking at the lore for who knows how many hours. Their initial scan of the town and interviews with the sheriff and pet owners had been unusually useless.
Chastity smiled brilliantly and slid lightly off of Cas. Dean reached out to tuck a piece of hair behind her ear and Castiel noticed that he left a folded bill behind when he removed his hand.
For the first time in a long time, Cas felt a flicker of hope. It was a weak flicker, but yet it was there.
Dean just watched Cas evenly. His eyes darted between the trees like the thought something might pop out and snatch them.
“It got chilly outside,” Cas justified, lifting a sleeve covered hand in defence when he saw Dean staring.
“Look!” Balthazar said, almost amazed. He was pointing now to three thin lines that had appeared across Castiel’s chest, stretching over his ribs and down to his hip.
Something flashed over Cas’ face so quick Dean couldn’t read it, but after a few seconds of silence it was clear the angel was having some sort of heated internal debate.
Now, Dick’s hand curled damp and heavy around Dean’s, trying to pull him closer. Dean tried to pry his hand away, suddenly hating the tipsy fog his mind was in.
“You’re telling me Dean. The actual Dean Winchester is going on two dates in a row with the same person?”
Dean barely made it before he collapsed in front of the toilet and emptied his stomach out in heave after heave.
Honestly, that first week, they barely saw each other. Dean was gone a lot, which Castiel didn’t blame him for, he had a lot he needed to sort out. Cas rested, diligently picked up groceries, and one week later, presented himself bright and early to the hospital for stitch removal.
“Who is Cas? Cassidy? Cassandra? Casey?” He teased. The team joined in guessing and Dean shot a panicked look to Benny. Some of the boys knew he was bi, but he didn’t feel like outing himself in front of the rest of them like that.
This was not good. It was SO not good. The pin had been pulled. The match had been struck. He didn’t know how to reverse it this time.
The team broke out into conversations of agreement and planning rides. Benny drifted over to where Dean was leaning against the cool metal of a locker.
Cas raised an eyebrow, trying hard not to laugh, but stepped into Dean’s hug anyways. His shirt smelled like burnt bread too but his arms were warm and strong. Safe.
“Ain’t nothing you can do about it my friend.” He tossed back the third shot and Cas watched the long flex of his neck. Either he was used to this drinking pace or was looking to get blackout drunk. Cas watched the man run a hand roughly through his hair and something in his heart twisted at the sight.
“No, I’m not,” Dean answered. The raw honesty surprised Cas, and he did possibly the only think he knew how to do. He leaned awkwardly out of his chair and gathered Dean into his arms.
The walk home was contemplative, and Dean was endlessly grateful when Castiel threaded their fingers together. He pulled him close to whisper.
, Dean found he wanted nothing more than to gather Castiel in his arms and apologize. But school had been long over by that point, and now Castiel was colder than stone beside him.
” Dean said sharply, a warning. Cas’s heart twisted with malice, but that feeling spoiled into something closer to hurt when Dean didn’t oppose any of Samuel’s harsh words.
He melted with love when he pieced Dean back together, and Dean curled into him, craving the safety that
Dean closed his eyes, arm cool and numb under the water. He didn’t want to see this anymore; not the evidence of his actions, not the barely concealed, worried sick look on Bobby’s face. He felt his body sway and leaned more heavily against the counter.
Dean frantically searched around, upturned boxes, tore open office doors. Nothing. He had no idea where John was, but it didn’t even matter.
“I hope you’re hungry. Everyone else has already eaten and left me,” Gabriel said in a wounded voice.
When Dean didn’t immediately answer, Castiel shuffled closer and saw that Dean was actually struggling to breathe. His hands were fisted tight in his hair and he was rocking back and forth.
They stood there, shoulder to shoulder, hand in hand, feet in the warm lapping water as the sun finally dipped below the waves and the sky softened.
But they drove the rest of the way in silence, and Dean watched as tree after tree whizzed by. When John finally parked, the sun was already low in the sky. He followed his dad to the trunk of the car and accepted the machete he was handed. John also gave him a gun, which he tucked snugly into his waistband. The metal was cool and familiar against his back.
“Sorry Dean, dinner will be ready around 7. Gabriel is making macaroni and cheese with chicken nuggets, Hazel’s favourite.”
He eventually regained consciousness, fully prepared to roll out of bed and laugh at his nightmare. The only problem was that he was strung up by his wrists, feet barely brushing the ground. Nowhere near his messy bedroom.
Dean shut the door and carefully lifted the bag off the hanger. He paused, looking at the suit gleaming darkly from the bed. It looked expensive, something he normally wouldn’t have dared come near for fear of ruining it. He touched a black silk lapel and marvelled at how soft it was, how pleasing the glossiness was against the absorbing darkness of the rest of the suit.
“I want the cheese one!” Hazel called immediately. Anna picked her up and set her onto her chair again before the kid could crawl across the table and claim the pizza herself. Raphael laughed and cut her a small slice to cool on her plate.
Cas picked up Bal’s coke bottle, made obvious eye contact with him, and gave the bottle a good shake before setting it back down. Immature? Yep. Satisfying? Definitely.
“What’s all over? You can’t take these children away, they’re undergoing important medical treatment,” The monster hissed. “Who are you anyways? I haven’t seen you two around here. Where are your badges?”
The large room was crowded with students and loud with conversation. There was a long lineup to order whatever was on the menu for the day, and Cas was glad he had taken the time to make himself a sandwich last night.
Coach Mills nodded. She trusted by now that Dean would know his body and be honest about his injuries.
All the tension drained out of Dean. He knew for sure now that he had been lied to. Bobby hadn’t known John was taking him hunting, and by extension, neither had Sam. He reached a hand out to comfort his brother, but it was raw and red and disgusting, so he let it drop back to his side.
Dean eventually reached out and shut off the water. Cas grabbed the towel he had set out and wrapped it around Dean. He quickly dried himself off with a second towel and guided Dean to sit on the closed toilet while he ducked into his room. He pulled off his wet boxers, then tugged on a dry pair, as well as some clean jeans and a tshirt. After a moment of hesitation, he also grabbed a clean set of clothes for Dean. The man might refuse but at least he could offer.
“A third option where neither of us die? Perfect, lay it on me.” Dean clapped his hands together once, looking at Cas expectantly. Cas shifted uncomfortably.
Dean filled a mug with coffee and blew over its surface on his way back to his bedroom. He quickly changed into work clothes, then drained the mug and rinsed it. On his way out the door, he grabbed his phone, wallet, and keys, then locked the apartment behind him.
He proved he could be careful. Whenever John left him at the motel with Sam, Dean knew he had to keep his baby brother quiet. Sammy never cried, because Dean made sure he never had a
Cas curled his fingers under Dean’s waistband, gripping the smooth skin over Dean’s hips, making his direction obvious.
Cas snapped his head forwards again, trying to control his racing mind, his erratically beating heart. He didn’t know how to breathe, what to say, what to do.
Cas locked up the bar and climbed into his car, exhausted and more than ready for a shower, a cup of tea, and his bed, preferably in that order. The bar had been unusually busy, even for a warm summer night. He drove the short distance home and parked before heading inside and locking the door behind him.
Dean snorted and Cas looked at him, wary and startled, like Bobby had asked a trap question. “I don’t think he cares, Bobby. Just don’t mix them again.”
“Hey, what happened to your arm?” Hannah asked, all the teasing in her tone dropping away. Castiel looked down at his bandages, turning his arm slightly so it was out of view.
“Are you okay?” Dean asked, hooking an arm around Cas’s waist as they walked. The man was uncharacteristically quiet.
Dean walked over to the middle of the fair with him, then nudged his shoulder just as Sam was nearing the front of the line.
“It’s not my fault you always seem to show up covered in blood and dirt.” Cas had meant it as a joke, but the words kind of fell flat and Dean didn’t smile.
Cas looked up at him, helpless and sad. “I just mean that maybe it’s a good idea to get some help. If it’s affecting your life this much.”
“Good huh? I’m not a profession chef for nothing baby” Gabriel bragged, taking a bite out of his own sandwich.
She caught Cas watching and danced her way over, turning to wriggle her round behind uncomfortably close to Castiel’s face. Gabriel barked out a laugh and tucked a folded bill into the leg of her panties.
Dean’s flannels and jeans appeared one day, folded in a drawer of Castiel’s closet. The Impala was parked on the driveway when Dean was home, but even when the spot beside his car was empty, Castiel didn’t freak out. He knew it would be filled again soon.
The name slammed into his mind along with a sudden desperation to get as far away as possible. He thrashed under the angel but Cas only pushed him into the ground harder.
Besides, they really didn’t have time to worry about things they couldn’t change. Cas always dropped off the map and showed up again at his leisure, this was no different. Right now, they needed to figure out what was going on in the normally quiet little town of Willow.
Cas smirked. “Well in that case, I think you should take a break.” He draped himself over Dean’s crossed legs and looked up at him.
“Well, go on,” Balthazar urged. Hannah turned the banana this way and that, clearly trying to decide if she was willing to eat the nubby black tip or the tough fibrous stem. In the end, she held it sideways and took a bite straight from the middle, her face instantly screwing up.
“I like it there,” Cas shrugged. Not much had changed in the months since he had last seen his friend. He saved up and moved into a slightly larger house in a slightly nicer part of town, but other than that Castiel hadn’t changed a bit.
“I’m going to get some groceries and medical supplies today.” Sam informed the boys as he gathered his and Cas’s bowls to the sink and placed them down. “Do either of you need anything specific?”
He wove through the bustling nurses, trying to look like he knew where he was going because if he appeared out of place, he would surely be stopped and questioned.
Cas handed Dean one of the bowls and he looked down at it as if he wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do. Cas took a slow bite of his own pasta, watching him. Dean watched Cas swallow, and then he was wolfing it down, eating so quickly it was like he hadn’t touched food in years.
Dean watched as a gull swooped down at a fish. It came up, beak empty, and let out an annoyed squak.
For the first week, Dean’s texts consisted of nothing but apologies and location updates. Castiel never knew how to respond, so he just… didn’t. Part of him was guilty for the radio silence, but mostly he was hurt, like a petulant child that had been told he couldn’t have something he desperately wanted.
People shouldered past him in scrubs, lab coats, dress shirts and slacks. Some had stethoscopes, some were carrying equipment, one woman was wheeling a cart with a whole bunch of coloured top tubes. He had no idea which ones were doctors, which were nurses, which were parents.
“Cas, please,” Dean managed weakly. And it gave absolutely no information as to what he was begging for, not a single hint, but Cas leaned in for a kiss anyways, as though he already knew.
He was right. There was nothing external going on. No bleeding scrapes or lacerations. And from a quick glance, it seemed like his back and chest and stomach had taken most of the damage. He had a couple blooming bruises on his arms, one on the front of his thigh, but the rest of him was in one piece.
Cas looked like he had something to say, but just then a small child tore out of the haunted house yelling with glee and waving around the Batman mask. He made a beeline for a woman that must have been his mother and was bouncing with excitement as he put the mask on and spoke, then burst into a fresh round of laughter, which was warped strangely through the mask’s voice box.
“No,” Castiel half gasped. He was horrified down to his very bones, even though he barely remembered what a shtriga was. Something about eating life force?
But the position was the same and you were quiet and the flashbacks all flooded in and then I couldn’t breathe and now I’ve fucked this up.”
The minutes ticked by, and just as Cas was beginning to think Dean wasn’t coming, he appeared from behind a bookshelf, leather jacket hooked on a finger and tossed over his shoulder. The sight of him still made Cas’s breath catch in his chest, argument or no – he was handsome in a careless sort of way.
Dean was going to burst out of his skin. He needed more. He needed their shirts off at least. Hell, he needed everything off. He let go of Cas’s thick dark hair and trailed his fingers down his sides, slipping them up and under his shirt.
“Right here, Dean,” Cas breathed, trailing open wet kisses down Dean’s neck. “This spot?” Cas kissed at the dip under Dean’s jaw and Dean arched into it, exposing the pale length of his neck. “It drives me crazy.”
Dean shook his head. “I’m fine.” He drank the third shot in one mouthful and the bartender filled all three again.
“I understand if you already have plans. Or if you’re simply not interested. Which would be fine. This is sort of last minute and this type of thing is definitely not for everybody and I -“
He felt the blush rise up on his cheeks, but he didn’t look away. He couldn’t, not now that he had put out such a loaded question. He needed to know Cas’s reaction, one way or another.
“Alright, my man” Dean clapped him on the back and the small team jogged to catch up to the coach. They spread out among the field, a whistle blew, and just like that the Asian kid stole the ball and the game began.
When it came to shooting practice, Dean was nothing if not determined. Most of John’s guns were taller than he was, but that didn’t deter him one bit. Each time he got thrown to the ground by the rebound, he would dust himself off, make sure the gun was okay, and readjust his tiny feet into the position John had shown him, cradling the gun against his shoulder, and aiming once more at the beer cans John would line up on a stump. At first John found it funny when he fell, but as the months bled by, Dean was landing on his ass less and less, and John spent less time amused and more time coaching him.
During the day, they could all deny it was worrying that Cas hadn’t healed yet, but in the quiet stillness of the night, the guilt and a horrible sinking feeling washed over Dean.
The kiss was nothing like the sleepy, drugged one on the sofa. Nothing chaste about it. It was bruising. Hot. Breath mingling and tongues fighting for dominance. For
healed on his soulmate. Or maybe not even then. If they scarred over, Castiel would be stuck with them until either he or his soulmate died.
Cas laughed and snapped a photo of Dean and the outstretched bouquet before taking them and admiring the flowers up close.
Dean, for all his restraint, was arching off the bed, trying to get closer, so Cas gave him what he wanted, swallowing him down with tantalizing swirls of his tongue. He pulled off with an obscene pop and kissed and teased Dean again until he was properly breathless, nearly oversensitive.
“I’m so sorry I completely killed the mood. I’m the world’s biggest idiot. You can do what you want to me Cas. I’m fine. Even if you still want to leave after, I’ll be fine.” It was a lie, probably the biggest one he’d told in months, and it sat there, big and ugly between them.
Dean’s stomach twisted uncomfortably. Despite the sour note that John had left on, Dean wanted nothing more than to hear from his dad. A phone call would have calmed him. A single glimpse of his heavy leather jacket. Just to hear his boots stomp across the room one more time would have helped him relax, even though the opposite should have been true. Because even coping with John’s anger was better than the thought of his death.
“What is it? Is it infected?” Cas asked, genuinely worried. That particular wound was the bite, which was horribly disgusting and Cas didn’t even want to think of how many germs had probably been crawling in there.
“What’s going on Dean?” Cas asked slowly once they had both finished. He took the empty bowls and filled them with water in the sink. Dean followed his movements, almost as if he didn’t want to be too far away from Cas.
He had just finished putting his groceries away when there was a weak knock. Cas set the last apple into his fruit bowl and opened the door a crack.
imagine. He had been fighting monsters probably before he could even read, first his father, now the countless supernatural creatures who went rogue.
“None at all,” Dean answered honestly. He had eaten with the Novaks enough to know that anything Gabriel made would taste like it had been blessed by heaven. Gabriel slid the next pizza onto his plate, a bubbling, cheesy flatbread sort of thing with various meats sliced on top.
“They are lovely creatures Dean. And they make honey,” Castiel explained, as if honey atoned for everything else the bee was capable of.
He walked back into the kitchen and hovered by Cas again, trying to decide what he should do next. Dean had no idea what to expect, or what was expected of him. If the wings truly were as damaged as Castiel had said, perhaps a kitchen chair would not be the most comfortable or safe place to bandage the cuts.
“Yeah?” He asked, and for the first time, he sounded more tired than sassy. Somehow that made Cas ache.
“You’re unbelievable. Gorgeous,” Dean managed to gasp out as he rocked up against the angel, who pressed him down into the mattress with his hips.
I put you through,” Dean trailed off, looking lost. “You don’t hate me?” He looked down at his hands, ashamed. Cas’s heart twisted in his chest, because whatever Dean had said with his words, his expression said so much more, and it was screaming that
Dean whirled around and came face to face with Cas, who was holding a huge floof of pink cotton  candy. All the emotions ran through Dean at once: excitement, a sudden and mortifying arousal, shame, guilt.
“Well then if thats what you call a mess then whats this?” He asked cheekily before he took a pinch of the powder and smeared it on Dean’s cheek.
“I uh — I’ll just leave it here.” Dean set the bowl on the nightstand by the bed and turned to leave.
Benny went to shower immediately after Dean had stepped out, fully clothed and towel drying his hair. He had just repacked his bag when there was a knock at the door.
“Do the rest of us have to eat the rabbit food too?” Dean asked, half joking and half longing for some properly fried bacon.
“I was going to do my write up for my mock crime scene course,” Dean answered, trying to keep his words steady. It was hard with Cas pressed all along his side, warmth seeping through his clothes and the intoxicating scent of his skin filling his nose.
Dean has time for a phone call with Sam, then the day is filled with the madness of classes and tryouts.
“Anytime Cas” Dean answered automatically, ignoring the pang in his gut that may have been from his cracked ribs but was more likely the cause of knowing he may never see those wings again. There was no reason for it anymore.
Dean’s eyes flicked down to Cas’s lips, and Cas didn’t need to be hinted at twice. He leaned forwards and kissed Dean softly, savouring the electric thrill, the soft press of his lips, the surprised little noise Dean made.
Dean reached into his pocket and tossed the lighter down to Sam, who caught it, flicked it on and pressed it to the Rougarou’s starched suit so quickly he didn’t even react before his entire body was engulfed in flames. He pushed Sam away and the gun clattered to the ground as he tried desperately to pat out the fire. It was no use. With a horrible screeching sound, the Rougarou melted away, leaving nothing at all behind.
“It took a significant amount of grace. The mark of that grace is still there.” Cas squeezed Dean’s shoulder. “In comparison with the rest of my grace, it is an insignificant amount, comparable to a drop in the Pacific. But it seems that in this case, it is making a difference.
Cas flushed, because no, he really hadn’t. He did the verbal equivalent of jumping Dean’s bones, being so outright with his declarations. Bal smirked knowingly.
He turned stiffly back to the front, pulled his mind away from thoughts of Cas with an iron will. He was
Dean shrugged. “Maybe it was my epic massaging skills from earlier.” He grinned in the dark, waggling his eyebrows.
“I didn’t expect to find you here,” Cas said honestly. His hands shifted to hold Dean’s hips and Dean let it happen.
Dean pulled into the driveway and put the car in park, then turned off the engine. They sat in silence for thirty whole seconds before Dean swung his head around with a huge grin.
As promised, second update today! The movie portion of this chapter is inspired by a prompt from the lovely eyeslikewildflowers
“Can I?” Dean asked almost reverently, hand hovering over a wing. Cas nodded consent and Dean let his fingers slip into the feathers. He gasped. They were warmer, more alive than he had expected them to be. The blackened feathers rippled and fluttered under his curious touch.
“And not to scare anyone but Mills is kind of a hard ass when we lose and doubles our conditioning time so don’t you dare let it happen,” Benny chirped in from the back. He ignored Mills’ flat glare and let out an animal like yell. The boys joined in, voices bouncing off the walls and making the volume in the change room deafening for a moment.
“Weakling,” Dean teased, reaching down to help Sam up even though he felt too unsteady to stand on his own, let alone support someone else. “You said you can handle speed.”
Castiel shook his head. “Asking questions means you’re trying to understand. No one gets it the first time, Dean.”
“You got it, boss,” Castiel smirked, reaching up to kiss the tip of Dean’s nose. Dean scrunched his face up, making Cas laugh.
As mentioned in the previous chapter notes, I'm going to be doing a 10 prompts in 10 days challenge and am open to prompts either Supernatural or Sherlock related. Feel free to comment your brilliant (or silly or fluffy or angsty or whump or steamy or etc.) ideas below or DM them to my Instagram @oneofawall. Stay safe!
“John, when was the last time these boys ate?” Bobby asked, slowly letting go of Dean to clasp John’s outstretched arm and pull him in for a rough back slap.
Cas quirked an eyebrow at him, picking up his own mug again. If Bal noticed, then he stoically ignored his choice of dishware and drank from the bowl like it was a totally sane thing to do.
Cas huffed out a laugh. You’d think after ten years of working in the same place he would know the answers to these questions but somehow, pop culture still managed to evade him.
It was shallow, barely below the skin, but even so the pain was nearly unbearable. Cas clenched his teeth and kept going, When the skin was too much of a bloody mess to see, he turned on the tap and finished the rest under gently streaming water.
“We found some alphas. Thought you might be interested in taking them down with us.” His tone was clipped and informative, hinting at past conversations where he had likely updated Dean on the
“Well, numbers one, five, and nine were invited by scouts, and I was impressed with how they played.”
The man sighed and fixed Cas with a hard look. He should probably drop it, but something in Cas’s heart told him that the guy sitting in front of him needed to talk. It wasn’t that his body language was screaming
“Yeah, thats more than alright Cas,” Dean breathed out. He fell asleep to the sound of even breathing and fingers dancing rhythmically over his stomach.
– it wasn’t likely that he was going to share his life story with Castiel any time soon. Maybe not at all, Cas thought, stomach sinking.
“I wasn’t running Sammy but I was definitely just about to do a different kind of workout,” Dean answered with unbridled sass. If he was trying to horrify his brother into hanging up, who could blame him?
Dean sighed, exhausted. It was… a lot. To constantly be thinking of what the safest course of action would be. What decisions would create the least tension. Would cause the least damage for everyone else. Part of him wished he had just shut up and gone with John. In the moment, it felt
There was no denying that Cas was telling the truth when he said his wings were damaged. They were damaged beyond what even Dean could have imagined. But this was fixable. Every injury Dean could see was something he knew how to repair. Besides, once the blood and grime was washed away, they probably wouldn’t even look that bad.
As he finished the second wing, he absently sat back on his ankles, pressed against Cas’s side, and began kneading the muscles in his shoulders, working out the knots.
Dean snorted, crossing his arms. “Why even bother, Cas? I’m not going to get it. You can just tell the teacher you tried your best. No reason to stick around.”
He finished his run and joined coach Mills in the shade of the bleachers. They watched the remaining stragglers together as they waited for Benny to finish and join them as well.
Dean slowed to a jog, then a walk, then put his hands on his hips and inhaled the sharp morning air. The waves rolled in an out, foamy and loud and uncaring. His head was a mess. A long night full of horrible twisted dreams will do that.
Cas blushed and the simple action set Dean’s mind racing. Thank you? He thought he had done something wrong yesterday, crossed a line.
He just nodded and flicked off the kitchen lights. In his room, he turned on his bedside lamp, casting the room in a warm glow. He pulled back the covers and Dean immediately crawled in, but Cas turned to the dresser to pull out a pair of pyjamas.
Cas laughed, still holding his camera up with one hand. Their faces were now inches apart and Dean found he had forgotten how to breathe.
Dean nodded in agreement and took a sip of beer, unsure what to say. The show opened with a snowy scene in the woods, and the sound of horse hooves filled the silence.
“We have a while to get this project done, but I’d like to not leave it until the last minute. Are you able to meet once a week to discuss what we read and start compiling points for our essays?”
He pulled up on Bobby’s driveway and climbed out of the car. Dean followed, significantly more stiff. They barely made it halfway up the walkway before Bobby tore open the front door, a large rifle in hand and an even larger scowl on his face.
Cas grinned. “Yeah, I know.” His aunt never seemed to quite get the hang of technology. No matter how many times it was explained to her, she still didn’t believe in caller ID.
“Yeah,” Cas answered, shaking his head. He picked at his fruit silently for a few seconds, then opened his mouth to say something and shut it again.
Dean huffed, chest rising and falling in one harsh moment. “Okay but if I die like this then it’s your fault.”
It was oddly comforting, being warm in bed while the air in his room was on the cooler side. After a few minutes, Dean fumbled for his phone, which happily lit up to display two missed calls from Sam last night. The poor kid had probably called to check how the first game of the season went, and Dean was such a crappy brother that he couldn’t even be bothered to answer a phone call.
Kind of a rougher chapter but it was bound to happen eventually. Warning for verbal abuse. Skip from "I'm gonna tell on you" to the end. I will put a clean summary of that part down in the end note.
He called Crowley and found out through a loud and heavily accented rant that he had been missing for almost three weeks. Crowley had thought he was dead and demanded that Cas give him some sort of notice next time he decided to dip into his vacation time. Cas didn’t have the heart to tell him the truth.
Cas finally let the little girl up and she wiped messy locks of hair out of her face. Dean noticed her eyes were the same dark blue as Cas’s were.
He drew the hand up and kissed Dean’s knuckles. It was such a simple gesture, but the intimacy of it made Dean blush. Cas smiled slowly and brushed his next kiss on Dean’s jaw, then his cheek, then finally his lips.
Castiel squinted at him, and Dean tried to keep his wince internal. There were about a million things the other boy could have said to him in that moment – a million ways he could have dug under his armour and called him out. Dean tensed, waiting for the inevitable questions, but Cas surprised him. He picked lightly at the grass and exhaled.
“I’m sorry,” Cas said softly, pulling Dean against him for another hug. And just like that, they slid back to normal. Or whatever passed for normal between them.
Dean moved to unwrap the chains on his feet while Sam picked at the lock on the handcuffs, popping off one, then the other.
“Yeah, I guess it is, but we all mostly do our own thing. I have very few memories of my father but one thing I do remember is that he always required us to do one creative thing each day. He didn’t really care what it was.”
lie anyone could have ever come up with, but the monster only raised an eyebrow at him, so Cas continued.
The boys wasted no time, most of them jogged straight off the field to find whoever it was that came to cheer them on. Dean found himself walking towards the stands and looking for Cas. He was so focused on scanning the crowd that he didn’t notice someone was running towards him until he was nearly plowed down.
“All the way at the other end of this stupid place. I heard you call out to Cas and I came running. Who’s Cas? Your girlfriend?” John asked teasingly. He nudged Dean with his shoulder and Dean stumbled into the wall. He had no energy for banter, let alone for any more physical touch. His entire body hurt so badly he considered just leaving it here with all the broken pottery.
The boy looked up from the thick book he had been reading, somewhat startled before his face smoothed and he smiled, warm and open.
The ball dropped near Cole, who wasted no time in weaving it the rest of the way down the field. He feigned a pass to Azazel and kicked the ball sharply towards Edgar, who sent sailing towards the top corner of the net. The opposing goalie leapt up and snatched it from the air.
He kept his eyes clenched shut while Bobby placed his freshly wrapped arm on the dry counter. He stepped out and returned, handing Dean something soft.
“Well we’d better head out then, “ Cas said, rinsing the single plate in the sink and setting it on the counter to dry. Dean grabbed his wallet and keys and locked the door. The bar was just a few blocks over, so they walked. It was cold out, especially after the sun had set.
Cas followed him out the door and somehow kept up with Dean’s alarming pace down the hall. But when Dean stopped abruptly, Cas slammed straight into him.
He ended up microwaving a bag of popcorn, tipping it into a bowl, and setting it on his low coffee table along with two beers. As an afterthought he opened a package of black liquorice and set that down too. No movie night was complete without black liquorice.
Dean looks deep into his blue eyes and hopes his steady gaze is enough of a promise. He tips his head to lean against Cas and they stand there, just breathing.
“Why don’t you try me?” Cas asked with a coyness he would come to regret in the next few minutes. So Dean did. Cas listened raptly as he explained the existence of werewolves, vampires, demons, monsters so twisted and horrible you wouldn’t believe they existed unless you saw them. He explained how his mother was killed, how he was raised to hunt, how his brother died. He told Cas about his demon deal he made to get him back, and even managed to describe the hell hound that dragged him down before his voice cracked and stopped.
Castiel gently took the package back and flipped the page. “The Great Gatsby? This one is about a very rich man and the hollowness of the American dream.”
Castiel was facing the camera, one hand outstretched and blurred like someone had stolen the camera from him and snapped a picture while he was trying to get it back. The wings behind him were dark, nearly black, but with a splotch of bright red near the arches. It made something warm in Dean’s heart.
He walked a little faster in the direction the voice had come from. His stomach was doing horrible swoops. He would
Beside him, Cas got very quiet, but the rest of the brothers all nodded in agreement. It took a bit of shuffling while everyone put on their sweaters and Raphael returned empty-handed from the kitchen, but they all eventually made it outside. Hazel, bundled in a sparkly white puffer jacket, ran straight into the garden, yelling something about picking a flower for grandma.
“About two hours before the game started? I didn’t want to bug you before because I know teams like to do bond before a big game.”
“Want one?” Gabriel asked, offering Dean the last metal rod. He glanced at Michael who gestured for him to take it, so he did.
Castiel swallowed his bite of food. “Math, art, then history. At least I have one class with each of you.”
“Shut up this thing is so worn down and covered in stains its barely a couch anymore.” Benny shot back.
You guys...I am overwhelmed by your responses on the last chapter. Seriously. I just read them all and bawled. To be fully transparent, I was expecting like...advice on where to get the cheapest oranges when I'm out. This, in hindsight, was probably a bit dumb of me. I just never expected so many people who don't even know me to have this level of concern for me or to...actually take me seriously? I love you all. I'm thankful for each one of you. Don't ever forget that. I suppose I will have to take my heart in my teeth and make a big change. As I'm sure many of you know, it's all a waiting and planning game for the first little while. Some days it's like walking through a minefield so I'm treading softly. Updates will probably be more sporadic. Early, late, who knows?
At some point, Benny and Gordon glided past, doing a ridiculous swing dance even though the music was totally wrong, but they didn’t seem to care because they were laughing too hard.
On his way out, he looked at his leather jacket, hanging heavy and warm on a hook. Part of him wanted to put it on. But no, if he wore it today, it was like giving in to winter. A formal declaration that autumn was officially over. It was only the first week of December, and he definitely wasn’t ready to do that yet.
He took a long pull from the beer, trying to sort through his racing thoughts and come up with some good explanation as to why the resident angel wasn’t healing on his own.
Cas looked at his older brother, feeling weak and boneless. He was trying to hide his sobs, but they were tearing out of his body one after another like great big earthquakes. Gabriel scanned him quickly, probably looking for blood, but it wasn’t
Everything tipped, and Cas found himself flat on his back on the sidewalk, the breath knocked clean out of him. Somewhere, he could hear Dean calling to him. Could see him tugging and hitting at the man, but it was fuzzy. Bright spots of pain kept blooming all over his body, but he had no idea where they were coming from, or why.
Cas smiled and dragged him into the nearest grocery store. They wandered through the aisles until they found the frozen section, and Cas excitedly pointed to a blueberry pie.
The walk to the park was long, but the air outside was pleasantly warm; light and fresh with the scent of spring flowers. They made it to the park just as the sun was dipping below the horizon. The lamps were already on, casting the curved concrete in an orange glow, making the graffiti stand out sharply.
The stark difference between his life now and the years he had endured with his father on the road made something harden in his heart. Made his will turn strong. Icy. He had something good now, he wasn’t about to let it go so easily. To mess things up again.
Cas’s eyes snapped open and he flung himself out of Dean’s arms, crouching low. His wings erupted upwards and spread to a menacing height, casting darkness down onto the boys.
Super brief edit and super late chapter but in my defence, service spots in the mountains are few and far between.
Dean felt a spike of anxiety telling him this was the end. Cas would have him and leave him. He squashed the feeling down, trying to convince himself that Cas wasn’t like that. He had stuck around this long, maybe he would stick around afterwards too. He didn’t quite believe it, but the heat in his gut didn’t let him think for very long. He tugged Cas’s shirt up and off and that was the end of his control.
to know what he was thinking. To know what was holding him back. But he refused to pry. He refused to overstep again.
But no. He had jumped into this headfirst, not knowing who Dean was, what he wanted, what he was even
“Good” Dean nodded and dragged his bowl closer. He would have time to surf the web and hopefully find out how to help Cas heal. Dean took a tentative bite of the oatmeal and was surprised to find that it actually tasted…good. Or maybe he had burned off enough taste buds that his tongue was confused now.
Maybe it was childish, but there was nobody around to blame him, so Castiel took great care to step on as many crunching leaves as possible. He was making so much noise that he didn’t even notice the big blur of a man coming towards him until he was tackled to the ground.
He turned on the water and hung a towel on the hook before stripping off his filthy clothes and stepping into the hot spray.
He couldn’t wait to get home and tell Sammy all about it, even though his little brother was barely two. Even though he hadn’t even completed the hunt yet. Hadn’t technically started.
He half regretted not accepting Cas’s invitation to go over last night. Someone in the room, in the bed, might have helped. But he needed to finish his essay and Cas would have been…distracting.
A low groan drew their attention and Sam wilted in horror as he caught sight of Dean, mostly unconscious and tied tightly to a wooden beam. Dark blood oozed slowly from the distinct teeth marks on his neck.
He woke to a steady buzzing after what felt like just a couple minutes, but once the fog of sleep evaporated, he realized the buzzing was his alarm, and he had better get ready if he didn’t want to be late. It didn’t take long for Castiel to brush his teeth and change into jeans and a t-shirt, and soon he was in the car and driving to the pre picked bar and grill to meet Gabriel.
It had been a few years since Dean had walked out the door, and Cas had stopped searching for him a long time ago. He had no choice really, he barely had anything to go on. He didn’t know Dean’s last name, had no phone number and no idea where he lived. As far as anyone in the town could tell, he was just another man that had passed through. Nobody could give him any more information other than a confirmation that a tall dude had been by.
“Well maybe I’m not yours to lose!” Cas snapped back angrily. The flash of pain that danced across Dean’s face was satisfying for only the breath of a second before Cas regretted saying that. It wasn’t what he meant, but he had gone too far to stop now.
Precious pouted, but leaned back to let Dean pass. The cool air outside was refreshing, and helped shake off some of his sad and lonely fog.
Dean shook his head quickly and sat up. “I’m pretty much finished, I’ll read it through one more time before tomorrow and hand it in.”
The requests and one sided conversations were trivial things…Dean asked a couple questions about some ancient lore, and Cas avoided the guilt of not answering directly by placing a very helpful book onto a coffee table in Bobby’s house late one night. He told himself they would figure it out and left it at that.
“Can we go explore? We’ve been here a whole week and we barely know the town. I want ice cream from somewhere.”
“Dude you’re magical.” Dean slurred, not caring in the slightest that he sounded drugged. He felt drugged.
“No. No way am I letting you put that stuff in my hair. I don’t even know how that got here but its not mine,” Dean said, backing away from the gel.
Dean looked at him for a moment before a blush spread over his cheeks. “Sorry. That was- god what a night.” Dean set the mug down on the counter and scrubbed a hand roughly over his face.
“Of course,” Cas answered, shooting her a smile and ducking inside before she could ask anything else. He sat in his usual spot, inconspicuous near the middle but still close enough to the front that he would catch the teacher’s every word.
“I’m sorry,” Dean repeated, voice raw from tears. He really meant it; was really, truly sorry. He hadn’t ever intended for the night to end like this.
Cas sat down weakly. Dean didn’t look like he was in pain, but it had to be an act. Stitching yourself back up could not have been comfortable. Cas cursed himself for not having anything strong to drink in the apartment. Dean probably could have used a stiff drink right about now.
Dean’s eyes lit up. He had been begging to see some of Cas’s photography for weeks now and Cas had mostly just brushed him off, promising to show him later. It was
“Ugh dude. I think the sand has rinsed off now,” Gordon said to nobody in particular once they resurfaced. His teeth were chattering from the cold of the water.
Slowly, he pulled his pyjamas off, watching each inch of skin for new tattoos, as he always did. It didn’t take much for an icy dread to wash over him. To numb him from the inside out. His shirt dropped to the floor, and Cas inhaled sharply.
Castiel took a steadying breath. His brother was right. If nothing had happened already, then probably, hopefully, nothing would.
“Dean,” Cas exhaled. “Never apologize for opening up. I’m here and I value everything you choose to share with me, good or bad.”
“Shut the hell up Dean,” He said aloud, annoyed with his own brain for twisting things. All those thoughts
There was no doubt about it, he definitely felt something for Cas, but up until now he had just figured they had been in a lot of life or death situations together and that caused him to be overly protective. Now, with the angel spread out beneath him, looking so relaxed he could very well be asleep if angels slept, Dean realized it was something more. He wanted Cas.
He bottomed out and paused for a moment to let Cas adjust, but Cas pulled away from his mouth with a sound close to a growl.
The man held his hands out, as if that would save him. Dean let out a dry laugh. People were idiots. Disposable. Food.
“Would you be comfortable coming back to my place? You can shower and have a cup of tea and I’ll make something to eat and we can calm down and figure this out.”
Charlie sighed. “I’ve always wanted a brother. Its never any fun to dress up and pretend to take over neighbouring villages when there aren’t any neighbouring villagers.”
Castiel shrugged. It probably wasn’t. It was probably the dumbest thing he could do. But he was sort of already an expert on doing dumb things to protect Dean. He picked at the bandage on his arm, frowning.
He couldn’t help but imagine Dean reading it, laughing, and perhaps going around to show his friends. Which he no doubt had, because Cas could never find the guy during lunchtime. He
The next week passed by, eerily quiet. Nothing strange in the news reports, no calls from other hunters, nothing on the radar at all. It was fine; gave Dean a chance to pour all the lore he knew into Cas, and good lord did he know a lot.
Dean grinned. “Yeah no kidding. Next time keep your hands off me and maybe we’ll be able to pay attention properly,” he joked. Castiel laughed and stood, pulling his phone out of his pocket to check the time.
“What happened?” Sam asked as he dug through the cabinets for alcohol and gauze. Dean sighed and held his hands out to his brother so he could clean them. The alcohol stung, but Dean was careful not to react. No point in making Sam worry more.
played through Dean’s mind. It blossomed and grew, then widened further when Cas slipped his fingers back into Dean’s hair, brushing the strands the wrong way, then fixing them again.
“So what part are you at?” Cas asked, curiously leaning over to see what page Dean had opened up to.
“So sorry, sir,” Cas said, putting a hand on the Shtriga’s shoulder. It felt human, and his face up close also looked human. Cas might have thought he had the wrong guy, except there was nobody else down this hallway.
Dean stood transfixed in the doorway, a strange feeling curled warmly in the pit of his stomach. Within a few weeks, this man had wriggled his way into his life in such a pleasant way and he seemed comfortable there. So comfortable that he spent the night and didn’t bolt first thing in the morning.
Cas was looking at him with a strangely warm expression and Dean caught his eye and shrugged. Hazel picked up Dean’s hand and played with his fingers, tracing them and folding them with her teeny small ones.
Dean swallowed. “He was always a close friend; would take us boys in when my dad went wild drinking. I guess he was the closest thing to family Sam and I had left and it just made sense.”
about hunting. Hell, he would have sworn never to touch a single lore book for the rest of his life, to never even
had the shame slammed into him. Settled in, curled tight and ugly, and sunk permanently into his bones.
“Dean I am so SO sorry. I changed my mind. I don’t need to hunt. I swear I won’t ever bother you about it again, if you promise to never disappear like that,” Cas breathed out in a rush against Dean’s neck. Dean smelled like salt. Sweat. One sharp thing after another. But Cas didn’t care. He wouldn’t let him go if he was offered all the world.
“Harder love,” he urged, so gently that Dean wanted to laugh. His man wanted it rough? Fine. He could do that. He pulled out almost completely and slammed back through that tight wet heat, setting a bruising pace. Cas gasped into the crook of Dean’s neck and bit down on the soft skin there.
Dean put on another layer of deodorant and then tugged on his shirt; the number 41 gleamed white on his back. Dean thought of Cas, probably, maybe, hopefully somewhere in the stands, waiting to watch the game. His stomach did a little flip at the possibility of seeing him again today, perhaps even inviting him to the afterparty? But no, for now, he needed to stay focused on the game ahead.
When he reached the bleachers, Dean inhaled raggedly and looked up, startled. Cas crouched down beside him.
Dean’s breath hitched on the next inhale. He cradled his tattooed arm to his chest, thinking of all the people he had hurt tonight. When Bobby pulled him to his chest, he leaned heavily against him. In the dark stillness of that room, Dean finally let himself break down.
Cas shuffled lower, letting his breath ghost over Dean were he lay, twitching and already glistening.
Dean was immediately overwhelmed. There were frilly skirts in every length and colour, striped shirts, scarves of every imaginable pattern, a whole section dedicated to fairy wings, a rack full of capes. Lining one wall were masks of every type. Lining the other were pairs upon pairs of shoes, some in a clear men’s size, most in a tiny child’s size. Close to the sloped ceiling, on a wraparound shelf, sat hats for every occasion.
Castiel wasn’t normally one to obsess over what he was wearing, but the first day of high school was an important one, and he wanted to make a good impression. Even so, he was getting frustrated with his own indecision. He was now standing in front of the mirror, adjusting the hem of a light blue t-shirt over his dark jeans, and wondering if the outfit was too casual to say
Evening? Dean thought absently as he checked his watch. To his surprise, it was indeed nearing 6 in the afternoon.
“No, I promise I’m not,” Cas answered, trying to hold back a groan. She asked him that every single time, without fail. “How are you?”
Dean snapped back to reality when Cas ran his fingers lightly up his arms, then down his bare chest.
Dean rested his fork onto his empty plate and sat back in his chair. “Cas we don’t have to talk about it.”
The vision was sharper than reality, with more colour and more noise than Cas’ human vessel knew what to do with, making the whole vision wobble. Dean was leaning over a motel sink, towel around his waist, shaving off the stubble that had grown in the frenzy of the last hunt.
“Woah. You pretending to be a hurricane today?” Gabriel asked, filling a cup of coffee and setting it cautiously down in front of him. Like he was a bomb about to explode. He felt like one.
“Pretty good, enjoying his weekend I think.” It sure seemed like he would be, if his note was anything to go by. Amara laughed. She had lived with Gabriel long enough to know the drill.
Another hum. “I’ll leave you to it then. The antibiotic course should be finished in an hour and if he wakes and is feeling fine you should be good to take him home.”
Once the coffee pot was half full, he poured some into a mug and stepped out onto the fire escape with his phone to dial Sam. Two rings later, a bright voice was on the other end.
He stepped back to inspect his work. The wings looked much better without the dust and dried blood clinging to them, and there were no more cuts on them, but the feathers were still in disarray. At least, whatever feathers were left. Despite the grace fuelled healing, there were still patches of dark skin that were bare.
Never, in all the eighteen years of his life, had he been more sure of where a tattoo was coming from. His gut feeling was indisputable. There was nothing else this one could be except horrible,
Cas dropped his bag onto the floor and Dean followed suit, and there may or may not have been another make out session on Cas’s bed. It may or may not have ended with a slightly too forceful bite to the lip and a subsequent whack with the nearest pillow.
“I’d love to,” Cas smiled. He threaded his fingers with Dean’s and tugged him towards the parking lot where the bus was waiting.
“Are you?” Cas asked back, refilling the man’s shot glass. He looked deep into the amber liquid for a few long moments before drinking it in one mouthful.
Castiel might have imagined it, but Dean looked truly sorry, like maybe he wouldn’t have minded seeing Cas again, on another day, in another world.
It exhausted his heart sometimes, keeping track of the injuries. Watching them heal, watching for new ones. Exhausting, but he couldn’t seem to stop himself. It was true, what he wrote on his own skin last night. He
“Out. I need to drive around. Heck, I need to kill something,” Dean said, giving up and simply picking up the entire bag.
Dean nodded in agreement because there wasn’t a much better way to put it other than short and concise.
Dean bolted down the field to receive a wobbly pass from Henry. He was instantly caged in on all sides. It was a dirty trick, but at this point, Dean wasn’t thinking about playing nice, he was focused on not losing their advantage. He stepped over the ball and kicked it in a high rainbow over both his head and the loose circle of players around him.
It was a vicious statement to make. Dean was well aware he was the dullest tool in the shed, but being called out like that had still stung more than it had any right to sting.
“Hey boys! I’m Charlie, new to the school paper. I’m doing a piece on the soccer team, mind if I ask you a few questions?” Her words tumbled out in one breath and Dean had to pause to absorb them before answering. Something about this girl made him want to protect her. She was so tiny and full of hope.
And there it was. The exterior cracked. The poison was flooding out. Dean wanted to grab Sam and run but he couldn’t move. Couldn’t breathe.
With a barely suppressed groan, he lifted himself from the sofa and half walked half hobbled into the kitchen to drop his empty bottle into the sink. It served him right that he was in pain. Dean knew if he asked, Cas would heal him without hesitation, but somehow the thought of letting the angel heal his wounds while Dean was unable to do anything about the damage he had done to the angel sat like a rock in his stomach.
It was a long two years, but Dean felt more than ready. He was itching to just be a grown up and prove himself, and the day had finally come. He was a hunter now, just like his dad.
Another long moment. Cas wasn’t sure if Dean was thinking about it, or if he was going to pass out, which seemed highly probably with the way his eyes kept glazing over.
Dean nodded, tearing his eyes away from the dance floor where he had been desperately hoping not to see any familiar faces. He shot Cas a smile, hoping it didn’t seem too fake. He was determined to enjoy himself. This was supposed to be a big night where he could celebrate, he’d be damned if he’d let a couple memories ruin it.
“You,” Dick answered, leaning in to say the words right against Dean’s cheek. Dean jerked backwards.
His body somehow stumbled around in the semi darkness and found its way to the kitchen, but his mind was far gone. Dean’s hands were on autopilot. He picked up a random glass from the counter and filled it with tap water. He drank deeply and realized from far off that the water was warm because he hadn’t noticed the temperature as it was filling. It was a stupid thing to notice, but it brought him back into his own body enough to also notice that a hallway light had been turned on. Cas was now in the kitchen and was looking at him like he was waiting for an answer. Dean hadn’t heard the question.
He looked first at Hannah, then at Charlie, then at Bal, and despite all the shifting ground of uncertainty, all the things that were up in the air, he felt that these friendships would last forever, and he couldn’t help but smile at that.
“I said I’m fucking fine and I meant it,” Dean snapped. He stood from the chair and grabbed his backpack by a strap, very aware of all the eyes on him.
After a few seconds Cas heard the rustling of fabric. He waited a moment longer before turning around and handing a very confused Dean a mug of tea.
Cas replied. Dean let out a breath he didn’t realize he had been holding and sent Cas his address, then unlocked his door with a click.
“Wanna try the next one?” Cas asked after Dean was silent for a minute. Dean shrugged and Cas scooted back, only now noticing how close he had been hovering over the guy.
“Oi! The saying is kiss the cook not harass the cook!” He handed Dean a sandwich half wrapped in wax paper. It was indeed a bagel with what looked like shredded chicken and some thinly sliced pineapple inside. There were unidentifiable sauces and other toppings, but Dean decided to take a bite before he overthought it.
He had come to the conclusion that he had some sort of feelings for Cas, and if Cas ever made a move on him, he would be completely open to exploring those feelings. The attraction to a man probably could have been startling, since he had never felt this way about a dude, but he found that he just didn’t really care.
Castiel shot him a small smile. “What are you studying Dean?” He asked, tipping a bee that had landed on his finger into the cup of a flower.
“So are you kids hungry? I’m making sandwiches. New recipe. I’ve been experimenting with bagels and pineapple.”
He returned only seconds later with a large glass bowl and the same dirty knife, and handed them almost reverently to Sean, who wasted no time in entering Cas’s cage and crouching over him.
“So what have you been up to?” Gabriel asked, pulling him from his thoughts. Cas locked eyes on Gabriel, glad to have somewhere safe to look. Gabriel snapped his fingers and a floater brought Cas a chilled beer.
By the time Dean got back from his run, the pull out bed had been packed up and Benny had gone to catch his lecture.
“Wanna come over and study?” Benny asked, typing something on his phone with one hand as he shoved in a mouthful of fries with the other.
“I don’t. Cas, I’m- this is all a lot. I didn’t even know - I didn’t dare hope you existed. Not until- ” He tugged at his sleeve, revealing the tattoo Cas gave him. Dark and angular and more telling than anything he could say would ever be. Physical,
1. Chapter summary: Cas is kidnapped by vampires and Dean ends up rescuing him alongside soulless Sam and Samuel (surprise!). In the hospital, where Cas is getting patched up, he asks Dean to move in with him.
Benny sighed and thunked his beer onto the coffee table before disappearing into Dean’s room. A moment later, a pair of balled up socks sailed out the door and hit Dean in the chest.
“No, I don’t think so,” Dean rasped out. He immediately flushed at how broken his voice sounded, but Bobby didn’t shame him for it.
“Yes sir.” He wanted to tell John that his back was enough of a reminder. His shoulder. His ribs. His arm. But the words died in his throat because he
Maybe it was the twisted place his mind had slipped into, but he had half expected to be laughed at and fucked into the mattress regardless of his protest, weak and insubstantial as it was.
In the warmth, the sleepless night seemed to finally catch up with Dean and he was hit with a strong wave of exhaustion. Benny sighed.
Cas wanted to know each story, and perhaps one day he would ask, but Dean was nearly writhing beneath him and to drag this out now would be cruel.
Sam returned bearing several plastic bags and one paper bag. Dean hopped up from his seat at the war room table and gracelessly relieved Sam of the paper bag.
Dean nodded to Benny, who was sitting with his bag at his feet and his damp towel slung around his neck.
He saw the flex of Dean’s clenched jaw. He heard Dean say words, but didn’t understand any of them. He watched as the love of his life followed his brother and grandfather out the door.
“Can I hold you?” Cas asked instead of acknowledging his apology. Dean nodded, somewhat stunned that Cas would ask permission for something like that. Cas leaned slowly forward and enveloped Dean in a loose hug, hands splayed wide and warm over his back.
Cas’s tongue danced across Dean’s lip and he deepened the kiss, drawing out a low sound. He let his teeth scrape over Cas’s open mouth and teased another sound from him, gliding his tongue and rolling his hips again.
“What are you doing here?” Cas asked. It was only fair that he reverse the question. Dean hadn’t shown up in years and now here he was, in the middle of nowhere.
In the spirit of team camaraderie, Dean eventually allowed himself to be looped into a couple shots with some of the guys, but two hours into the party, he decided he had had enough.
Cas held his breath, ordering his mind and heart to stop racing. Yes, this was his soulmate, but he had made it
He dug his other hand into Cas’s other wing, running his fingers deep into its feathery warmth. Cas gasped and fell forward, hands on either side of Dean, giving him easier access to the wings.
He understood Dean’s fear perfectly. He could see the pain it brought him, to involve someone else in the hunting life, but he also saw the steely strength. The determination.
“Hey! Woah Cas lets not spill all our bedroom details.” Dean interrupted. Sam shot him a teasing look and Dean glared back. There was no way he would live it down if Sam found out he had been hovering over Cas, massaging his naked upper body as he laid down on his bed.
Dean frowned and followed Benny into the bathroom, where he rummaged around in the cabinet for a minute before holding up a small jar triumphantly.
Dean reached over and shook both their hands in greeting, but he must not have been guarding his expression very well because Raphael let out a low chuckle.
“How do you know? He’s HURT.” The sobs really weren’t slowing down, and it was getting harder and harder for Castiel to breathe.
“I always am Dean,” Sam said softly. There was a short pause before he hung up, and Dean knew Sam was probably thinking of Adam and their parents, who had also thought they were safe. Nobody can predict an accident, and the thought made his gut clench and his heart ache for Sam. He wasn’t a kid anymore, but Dean still sometimes wanted to scoop him up and shield him from the world.
wanted for once, then how would John react when Sammy broke it to him that he had plans for college? Dean scrubbed at his hair and tried not to think about it too hard.
He looked at his other arm again, at the three thick lines across the pale flesh of it. They were still there, which was a relief, and there wasn’t a fourth, which was somehow more of a relief.
“Well if you’re a hero, then you need a villain.” He walked to the mask wall and pulled down a plain bandit mask, sliding it over his eyes.
“Dean,” Cas murmured, bringing his hands to rest lightly on the muscles beside Dean’s spine. Dean sighed into it, relaxing a little against Castiel’s chest, so Cas leaned back until he hit the pillows that had somehow ended up piled behind them, then pulled the blanket up over them both.
Dean smiled and bit his bottom lip, probably to stop himself from drooling over Cas, who looked..hot. Kissable. But that was just the alcohol talking. Definitely just the alcohol.
The man stepped up to his cage and Cas saw with a roil of horror that the man wasn’t carrying a bowl this time. He really shouldn’t have been wishing for a draining, but what was the alternative? A good beating? Rape? Death?
Dean sat down heavily on the night chilled sand. He watched, glazed, as the water rolled in and out. The sky had faded into a pale peach colour and Dean watched the horizon, waiting for the sun. He wondered vaguely how time had passed so quickly. He must have walked further than he thought.
Castiel nodded, unable to respond properly through his mouthful of food. He was excited. This was a new chapter, a new beginning. Sure, it hadn’t started out exactly how he had imagined, but things could still turn out okay.
“I do,” Dean said firmly, squashing down the tendril of fear that rose when he realized Cas probably wanted sex before bed. He wasn’t completely opposed to the idea, but his body was exhausted and he really didn’t feel like going through that kind of pain right now.
“I um..well I love you too. You have to have known that by now.” Dean let out a short nervous laugh at the confession, then ran a hand roughly though his hair.
Cas made a small check mark beside the last question as the teacher rattled off an answer that corresponded to his. She went on to explain how to get to that answer, and Cas shifted his eyes towards Dean just in time to see him push too hard and snap his pencil. He clenched his jaw, sighed heavily, and slouched further down in his chair, leaning over to the right to grab a sharpener.
He shot off responses to them both, promising to find them in the cafeteria if they didn’t end up having any morning classes together. He had seen his friends nearly every day the entire summer, but he was still looking forward to seeing them again today. Despite how he tried to look, he was nervous, and the adrenaline surge this morning definitely hadn’t helped his day-one jitters. Seeing a familiar face would definitely help.
Once, John had come across a vampire that, for some reason, preyed specifically on gay men, John had let him live. He’d shook his
Nothing was sticking out, nothing was crunchy, everything moved; yet still, something inside of Dean felt permanently broken.
thing I’ve ever done,” she informed them once she could talk again. Charlie was on the floor, gasping for breath from laughing so hard. Cas wasn’t much better off.
“What’s up with you and hospitals? I’m not gonna croak right now Cas. It’ll happen tomorrow, probably around midnight.”
“I found my soulmate,” Cas finally whispered. His voice didn’t sound like his own. The story didn’t sound like his.
It took Sam a couple of seconds to respond, time in which Cas nudged Dean in the ribs. Dean nudged him back.
In the darkness across the well lit stage, Cas could have sworn he saw the flash of a silhouette that looked eerily like Dean, but it was impossible. He hadn’t seen the man in almost nine years. What are the odds that he would run into him here of all places.
The microwave beeped obnoxiously and Dean removed the steaming bag of popcorn, now a  just-for-one sort of meal.
He sat on the edge of a barstool like he didn’t trust the chair. Cas set down the glass he had been wiping and slung the dry cloth over his shoulder.
Dean turned to look at him, eyes full of anguish. “How Cas? How is that ever going to work? How can I keep a real relationship going with you when I’m chasing ghosts all across the country?”
Dean let himself drop down heavily onto the sofa before he pulled out his pocket knife and used it to crack open the beer bottle clenched maybe a little too tightly in his hand. Nobody could blame him if he allowed his stress and frustration to show, mainly because both Sam and Cas were in their rooms, sleeping and resting respectively.
Dean gave him a questioning look and from far off, he realized his hands were still linked behind the angel’s back. He had no intention of pulling away so he pretended he hadn’t noticed.
he would ever grow taller than him. Dean rubbed his hair all out of place and darted across the trampled dirt path while Sam took a second to fix it.
He breathed deeply against the crook of Dean’s neck, inhaling and savouring his scent. Dean nuzzled further into him and slid his hands slowly down Cas’s back, then shamelessly over the curve of his ass and squeezed. Cas yelped, jumping slightly, but Dean only smirked.
“You are insane,” Dean informed him. He was trying his hardest to stay still and not tear out of there like he was being chased. Which may have been the case if he had decided to run because he was surrounded by BEES.
in the stupid life of a hunter. It was cruel, unfair. He hadn’t breathed a word of his life to Cas, and yet he
From his bag, Dean’s phone buzzed. Neither man moved, but seconds later it buzzed again. Then six more times in quick succession.
“Yes chef,” Dean rolled his eyes glumly. Turns out he didn’t have a measuring cup, but they eyeballed it and the consistency of the dough turned out fine. Ten minutes later the cookies had been rolled into balls on the pan and placed in the oven with a timer.
Dean’s eyes widened like twin moons. Only an ex angel would be so at ease, completely unashamed in his skin. Or maybe he didn’t know that you normally wouldn’t show off your naked body in full light with no preamble. Then on the other hand, Dean had literally just invited him into the bath, so social norms were kinda already out the window.
Guysssss this is so late and I sincerely apologize. If you'd like a reason to ridicule me I just gave my kitten a bath and she was Not A Fan and I'm covered head to toe in water as I post this. (She is also glaring while curled in a tiny ball so If the next chapter is also horribly late you know she has eaten me)
Cas smiled, but there was a sad look in his eyes. “Sounds like you’re his dad more than his brother when you talk like that.”
Thank you to everyone who left kudos and commented and subscribed! You guys make me float through my day
Dean mindlessly pulled on his pyjamas. It was nearing 8 already and Cas wouldn’t care anyways. Heck, Cas would probably change as soon as he got here too.
“I feel you man,” Dean said to the gull, which was silly but the sound of a voice, even his own, made him feel a little less like the last person on earth.
“What?” Cas asked harshly, anger flooding his words. “Am I too stupid to learn from you? Am I too clumsy to fight? Am I too small? Too weak? I’m a fucking
Dean’s hand twitched on the table. He took a deep breath. “Strict,” he said shortly. The word sounded a bit like a slap.
Castiel’s heart was in his throat all morning. He didn’t want Dean to hate him, but he also didn’t want to get in trouble for ditching tutoring. He decided that he would do what was asked of him, but not mention a single thing about the soulmate situation.
The whole process took maybe 15 minutes, and when the lights clicked on again, Cas had seven film strips hanging from the wires on the wall.
tattoo flashed darkly, but Cas swallowed and ignored it. He had his answer, and he wouldn’t push anymore.
Perhaps it was the panic in Dean’s eyes, perhaps it was the frustration of being subtly edged out of this portion of Dean’s life for so long. Cas didn’t know what made him do it, but he had to prove that he wasn’t a child, helpless and in need of protection. He opened his mouth.
What the hell..Dean thought, and allowed himself to be dragged into the horrible singing and dancing. Near the end of the song he whipped out his trusty air guitar and shredded some chords. Cas dissolved into a fit of laughter watching Dean lean back on his knees, completely in the zone.
Cas?” He hissed. The hurt in his voice came out more like a threat, and Dean hated himself for it. Hated how much he sounded like
Dean sputtered, but was thankfully saved from answering when a slender redheaded woman scooped the child up.
Dean was stunned for all of one second before the words registered. Cas wanted to spend more time with him.
“Yeah that sounds doable,” Dean answered, leaning in one more time for a quick peck. He pulled away before Cas could hold him there and ducked into his room to change.
“Balthazar. An old friend. Our parents grew up together. I’ve known him since before we could walk,” Cas explained. Dean seemed to accept this and in the lull, Cas opened his mouth to ask something of his own.
By the time Cas woke up the next morning, Dean was gone. There wasn’t a single sign of him except for the cooled mug of tea which sat exactly where Dean had left it.
“Yes it is,” Cas answered, whacking Dean back with his book, which was totally unfair because it was a hardcover. Dean whacked him with his own, which probably wasn’t a good idea because it set off a whacking war.
He stripped off his jeans and his shirt right there, not really caring if Dean was watching. When he slipped under the thin covers, Dean immediately plastered himself to Cas’s side. It wasn’t unpleasant, and definitely not unwelcome, so he shifted, letting Dean’s head rest on his shoulder. He slid a hand down his back to cradle him close, ignoring the subtle bumps of all the scars Cas knew were there.
Dean grinned, brushed the crumbs from his hands, tugged off his t-shirt and tossed it straight at Benny’s face, then joined Henry’s team.
“It’s not that simple. I can never take back my grace from you because it is what is holding you together. You are no longer broken, but you would not be whole without it. You could not exist without it.”
He leaned in and Dean’s breath hitched. Cas stayed there for the space of a heartbeat, then closed the distance. Dean sighed into it as chapped lips pressed against his own. He reached up with both hands and threaded his fingers through Castiel’s hair. Slowly. Lovingly.
Dean laughed and watched Cas jerk around, dancing perfectly on time but with moves that didn’t fit the music at all whatsoever. He met Dean’s eyes and pretended to tug him closer with an imaginary rope, still belting out the lyrics perfectly.
It was nearing 7 when Dean stepped out of the shower for the second time that day. His classes had passed in a blur of syllabus reviews and introductory lessons, followed by a shift of teaching a weightlifting at the gym.
“What are you even doing in school man, you have so many things you could get into,” Dean asked, eyes scanning the hives which upon closer inspection, had little flowers carved into them.
He went on to describe the battle against an apocalypse. The fight against Lucifer. How much of a failure he was and how he could come up with no better solution than to let his own brother swan dive into hell to spend eternity trapped in a cage with the devil. He described how vicious that last battle had been, and when he tenderly touched his jaw and mostly masked a wince, Cas realized with a horrible sinking feeling that this had literally
He really needed to get his shit together before his boyfriend came and caught a glimpse into his horribly twisted mind. It would no doubt be the end of it for them, which Dean wasn’t ready for. Not now, maybe not ever.
“Time did fly. For me at least. I bet for you it crawled around like it had two broken legs, what with all those science courses you take.”
They finished the pizza on the sandy sidelines, watching the game. Most of the players had removed their shirts and some of the girls playing had stripped down to their bathing suits. It was just too damn hot for both exercise and clothes.
At one point Castiel even considered telling Dean everything he was feeling, and if Dean did not respond favourably, pretending he had been mind controlled during his speech.
“We can’t have sex with our clothes on Cas,” Dean explained after a few seconds of Castiel’s questioning stare.
Dean had just enough time to scrub all the grease from his skin and wrap a towel around his waist before there was a firm knock on his door.
Dean looked at him like he was a rare and precious thing, something he was scared to break. Slowly, tenderly, he reached a hand out and brushed a thumb across Castiel’s cheekbone, and in that movement Cas
“This is a birthday, not a wedding Gabe,” Michael informed him, giving his youngest brother an apologetic look.
“Good work so far boys. Dean, Benny, you’ll each captain a scrimmage team,” she said as she pulled out a quarter.
in the same tone you would use when talking about a friend you once knew. Cas didn’t even have to ask to know Sam still hadn’t gotten his soul back, which meant Dean still hadn’t gotten his brother back.
Does this just happen to me or do other writers get that thing where their brain decides to switch tenses halfway through and then you have to go back and reword everything...I'm definitely not bitter about it.
Dean joined in on a version of happy birthday that was surprisingly off key for such a musical family. It seemed each brother stubbornly stuck with their own rhythm and starting note, and kept with it the entire way though. Gabriel finished singing a good twenty seconds after everyone else with an overly dramatic slide of notes, but Cas didn’t seem to mind. He grinned and blew out the candles, accepting first a hug from Dean, then a squeezing clinging one from Hazel.
The bell rang and Dean didn’t give him a chance to explain further. He leapt out of his chair as if it had caught on fire. He grabbed his things; didn’t even bother putting his notebook away or zipping up his bag.
“Oh sorry,” Cas said, letting him go and shoving his hands into his pockets. A dark watch gleamed on his wrist.
... whatever was going on between them, it was light and easy, and Dean felt as comfortable around Cas as he would have in the company of an old friend, if he’d had such a person.
“Oh” Cas replied, flustered. “Yes that would be the next step. I should uh — remove my shirt and coat to avoid tearing them.”
“You can take the bed,” Cas offered. Dean looked dead on his feet and based on the story he had just told, Cas knew it had probably been a while since he had slept in a real bed.
“Dude, enough.” Sam said, mortified. Dean snickered, picturing his brother, who had likely thunked his head onto his desk by now.
Dean lifted a hand and dropped it over the angel’s knee before slipping into a dreamland of black feathers and tanned skin.
Yes, it's still not Tuesday, but casuallyneurotic straightened this out for me and I'm going to just post it now because I've been working a LOT this week and probably won't get around to posting the chapter for Opposites Attract by tomorrow... (Okay fine. Technically I haven't even started writing it yet.)
tattoos. But even without that, he might have known. There was a magnetic force behind those clear blue eyes, something drawing him endlessly forward.
Cas turned on the stereo and set the music low, then pulled his books and laptop out and spread them over the floor. Dean dried his hands on a dish towel and ducked into his room for his laptop before joining Cas on the rug.
“Happy birthday,” Dean choked out. It was a miracle he was able to even talk, what with the air being squeezed out of him.
“Of course,” Cas answered. He walked out of the bathroom quickly before he could say something stupid, like
The quiet was eerie at first, but then minutes passed and nothing happened. Dean was starting to wonder if the monster was even
Cas pulled off his pants too, and his stomach twisted when he saw the large, ragged... claw marks. There was nothing else to
“To be continued,” He whispered into Dean’s ear. Dean swallowed against his racing heart and let himself be tugged into the house, then led down to the kitchen.
“No Cas, I don’t believe you. Its been weeks man. Its eating away at me and I hate that I’m the one that did this to you but there has to be something that can fix you.”
“It’s called valentine’s day Cas. You’re supposed to get roses and chocolate and do something nice for your valentine.”
He locked eyes with Cas and took the bite slowly. Cas watched as Dean swallowed, then licked a swipe of the thick filling from the corner of his lips.
He relaxed minutely upon seeing Cas, but tensed once more when he saw how low in the sky the sun was.
The professor nodded, “for example, you and your partner may choose to study Shakespeare’s Midsummer Night’s Dream, and write about how trickery is both useful in one essay, and detrimental in the other. I want ten pages from each student. Please email me your partner groups before Monday’s class.”
Dean didn’t even bother to hold back a broken off moan. He threaded his fingers up into Cas’s hair and tugged at the thick dark strands. Cas scraped his teeth over the mark he had just made and blew over it. Dean shivered.
“How about Pride and Prejudice?” Castiel suggested. “I’ve read it before and its actually quite good. Its about the love story between a woman who knows what she wants and a man who is quite prideful to the point or hurting her.”
The drive didn’t take long, perhaps half an hour, but Dean didn’t move or make a single sound throughout the whole thing. Sam came to an abrupt stop in front of the bunker and gingerly picked up the fully syringe.
For the next chapter, I’m thinking Cas should get kidnapped somehow. I have no idea how or why or when, so if you have a flash of inspiration let me know!
Cas bit his lip and tried not to laugh, now somehow didn’t seem like an appropriate time. He helped Dean shrug off the jacket, then tugged at his open flannel.
Castiel knocked on the window and to his relief, the man jumped up. He turned and gave Cas a furious look, and that’s when everything seemed to freeze. It was Dean.
Dean was pulled back from his thoughts when Cas flexed his wings, muscles rippling under the feathers. He pulled the gleaming black twin masses tight against his back and shifted on the bed to face the hunter.
“Dean I am not sure how this works either.” Cas confessed. He really didn’t know if he was allowed to touch Dean, to hold him, to follow him to the ends of the earth. He wasn’t sure if he would always be welcome around.
He had one job to do, and he’d be damned if he didn’t do it well. One arrow pointed left to a hall that said
“Good morning. I hope you all had a nice weekend, and that you found some time to complete the homework questions. Before we take them up, I’d like to introduce a new student. Dean?” She held a palm out to the leather jacket boy, who gave her a sarcastic little salute.
“Because it is a very intimate thing that is required and you just don’t ask a human for something like that!” Cas breathed out in a rush.
“Who was that,” Benny asked, eyebrows scrunched and clearly still somewhat displeased even though his rocky anger wasn’t showing anymore.
“I agree. Fourteen and eleven also played well today,” Dean pointed out. “Your scoring system really works wonders coach,” he said, grinning.
Cas took the mild jab for what it was and relaxed. Knowing Dean wasn’t angry with him allowed him to fall back into an easy rhythm.
“Its the grace remnant. The direct contact allows proper healing.” Cas explained, lifting his wing so he could get a look at the wound.
With a deep blush, Dean stood abruptly from the sofa and stared at his hands in the lamplight, suddenly feeling like he had violated Cas and done something horribly wrong. Why else would Cas have left so abruptly?
“I’ll catch you later, you look…busy at the moment,” Bathazar said, melting back into the crowd with a wink. Once he was out of sight Dean seemed to relax against him again.
“Are we moving too fast Dean?” He asked after a comfortable pause. Dean startled out of his warm haze.
The man nodded and followed Cas, who just then realized he hadn’t asked for a name, nor had he given his own. He felt stupid, and it was probably awkward to ask about it now that they were at his front door, but better late than never right?
Cas slowly peeled open his eyes, but the room was very bright and he could see nothing but the blinding light. This is definitely not how he enjoyed waking up in the mornings.
Cas shrugged helplessly and enveloped Dean in a hug. He buried his face in the crook of Dean’s neck, inhaled, and then exhaled slowly. He let out a soft, almost sinful groan.
Sam sighed, a soft and defeated sound of someone who was trying desperately to say something but didn’t know how to get their point across.
“Free kick,” the referee said shortly, dropping the ball in front of Dean. He lined himself up, considering where he wanted to aim, then took a couple steps back and ran forward, faking a lower right aim and then kicking the ball hard. It sailed up over the players dotting the field, past the outstretched arms of the goalie, and sunk deep into the top left corner of the net.
“How am I gonna live with myself Cas?” Dean asked, his words breaking over one another. Castiel found his throat was thick, and he didn’t really have a good answer for him. Dean didn’t seem to be expecting one though, because he let the silence stretch on.
The oven timer chose that moment to beep obnoxiously, and the men sprang apart. Cas reached for his oven mitt and Dean roughly scrubbed at his face, as if erasing the evidence of his breakdown would erase the breakdown itself.
The bar too was surprisingly full, but of a different sort of people. A cluster of women decked out in red and pink giggled at him as he entered. He smiled but walked by them, stopping only once he reached the bar.
Cas tilts his head subconsciously, exposing his neck further. Dean plants a slow kiss on the throbbing pulse point, making Cas shiver. He does it again, just because he can, and Cas lifts his head to look at him with dark hooded eyes.
That is, until a long black mark zipped slowly into being across the inside of his left arm. He stared in horror as it lengthened to at least three inches, then stretched wider to about half an inch.
Dean tossed the ball high into the air and arched back, preparing to serve, when a mop of black hair in the distance caught his eye. Mystery English class guy!
had always worked on John, but the rules seemed to be different here. It was fine. He would learn. Except that he was the
The sidewalk was busy with clusters of students, but as he walked on, the people thinned out, and so did the cars. Maybe it was the deserted streets that allowed him to hear the rumble of the Impala’s engine before he saw the gleaming black car.
Dean couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t think. He didn’t even know what to do first, what to prioritize. He wanted to drop to the floor and hide his face, which he knew was ridiculous but the wings, despite being so busted, were radiating power. He knew he needed to get Cas down from there. Heck, he needed to see if his angel was still alive. But at the same time something else was in here and it was clearly powerful enough to have done this, so it had to be eliminated.
for him to be able to swallow and keep his eyes on his desk. And, from there, his train of thought spiralled very quickly into worry and guilt. He wondered, grimly, where his dad had ended up. If he was still angry. If he was safe.
covered in your injuries. You don’t get to deny me this time.” He felt wobbly. Like he might cry. Like he was a city, built on the skin of an overinflated balloon. If his foundation split now, he would fall hard.
By halftime, the opposing team hadn’t managed to score back the point. Dean jogged to the sidelines and drank greedily from his water bottle, breathing hard. He looked up into the crowd, trying to find Castiel among the unfamiliar faces, but it was impossible, there were just too many people.
“You wouldn’t believe me,” Dean croaked out after a long pause. And that was as close to the truth as he could get.
“Wanna talk about it?” Cas asked quietly. After working the joint for years, anyone would be able to tell when someone walked in with a problem. He wanted to help. He definitely wasn’t asking just in hopes of hearing the man talk again. Nope, definitely not.
“I’m going to get a towel to clean us up,” Cas explained as he swung off of Dean, who immediately missed his weight. He turned to the side to watch Cas walk though an open door to a large bathroom he hadn’t noticed before. Cas flicked on a light and Dean’s eyes were immediately drawn to the large tub in the middle of the room.
Every time Dean managed to give Sam a normal childhood experience, it felt like a victory. Like he had won the war.
“Do you want to crash here?” Dean asked, proud of how casual he sounded. If he didn’t know better he would say Cas might have blushed slightly at that.
The gears seemed to be turning in the man’s brain. His expression shifted from a cold disbelief to something more cruel. Calculating.
, more that he looked too easy to take advantage of in this state. That look always scared Cas; the one that said
“I’d love to Dean, but I have a shoot at 6 tomorrow morning and I’m going to hate myself if I don’t get some sleep,” Cas said, sounding genuinely sorry.
“I’m sorry,” Dean said once his throat had loosened enough to let the words pass. They tumbled from him without his permission.
Dean looked over and was surprised to see that the class had ended and students were filing out. Guess he had gotten more caught up in his daydreaming than he had intended. He needed a cup of coffee.
“Stit- no! I do not have stitching supplies. We are going to a hospital,” Cas said firmly, reaching for his phone again.
you can’t talk to him like that,” Cas interrupted, livid for more than one reason now. He glanced at Dean, ready to be backed up. For him to tell Cas that yes, he’s entirely correct. He won’t be taking this verbal abuse from this strange man.
Cas looked at his brother from across the table, startled. Had he really been so preoccupied lately that he forgot to mention
Dean could feel everything. Every twitch of Castiel’s thigh muscles as he held him down, the press of his fingers into his wrists, the slight scent of sweat on his skin from the effort. Worst of all, he could smell the iron tang of his blood and hear it rushing its way through his veins. He trembled with the effort to not twist in the grip and sink his teeth into one of those bursting vessels.
They walked back together, dropping Charlie off first. They then headed towards Cas’s street. Bal and Hannah stopped in front of Castiel’s front door to wave him off before continuing down the road to their own homes.
“Two or three?” Gabriel asked, holding the pink plastic flipper menacingly over a stack of pancakes. He was trying to act normal, and Castiel was endlessly grateful for that.
Dean hummed in agreement. The wagon did a lazy tour of the farm, bumping gently over dirt paths through another corn maze, past a large pumpkin patch, out through a wheat field, then did a slow turn to do it all in reverse.
“Alright.” He nodded once, then disappeared into the kitchen. Cas looked back at Dean, confused and panicked and everything else all at once. Dean just shrugged.
Castiel smirked, wondering what Gabriel’s students would think if they ever found out what their teacher did on the weekends. The red leather woman whispered something in Gabriel’s ear and his eyes gleamed, which never meant anything good. Gabriel leaned forwards.
He didn’t know how to separate the two, bottoming and punishment. He didn’t know how to even begin to explain that to Cas. But Cas looked so confused, so broken that Dean knew he had to try.
but Dean found he didn’t have the energy to care. The tylenol was already working wonders, and he was drifting into a loose and warm state, not a care in the world.
“You think you’ll find her because of one bumped elbow?” Dean asked skeptically. He wanted to be more supportive, but at the same time he couldn’t get his brother’s hopes up. It was so rare to meet because of mundane bumps and bruises. He shuddered to think of the lengths some people went to in order to find
Dean huffed and slid the burnt buns in the compost bin. He sighed deeply, back to Cas, and when he turned to face him again he had a sarcastically cheery look on his face.
It took a long while for Dean to stop shaking and to slowly peel himself away from Cas. He looked up at him with huge embarrassed eyes.
They walked along the beach until the sand soaked the last droplets of the lake off their feet. When they got back to their shoes, Cas slid his feet back into his sandals and Dean brushed off the dry sand before putting his shoes back on.
He ran his fingers through Castiel’s messy hair until his breathing evened out and his muscles loosened. Dean eventually fell asleep as well, safe and warm in more ways than one.
Dean smirked and tugged on Cas’s hand, pulling him into a thicket of corn that was obviously not part of the path. He didn’t give Cas any time to protest, just dove down and kissed him deeply.
“Woah,” Gabriel said lightly, pushing his brother back into his chair. “You guys need a break from the water. Sit for a minute, have some lemonade.”
Dean shrugged, “I’m good anywhere.” Although the thought of being in Castiel’s room with him made his stomach flutter. Did the invitation to go somewhere so private mean Castiel was interested in him? Dean allowed himself to hope, just a little bit.
Castiel felt himself nod, felt himself walk back up the stairs and into his bedroom, felt himself pick up the first shirt he touched. The pink button up from the floor. When the neckline was too low, he grabbed a scarf from his closet at random and twisted that on as well. It was far too warm for a scarf, even a thin one, but Castiel barely noticed.
“Okay. Lead the way then,” Dean gestured to the bedroom door, still feeling like he was completely justified in jumping to kinky conclusions when it came to Gabriel. The man had a vibe, and he seemed proud of it.
Sam finished his cone and tossed his napkin into the nearest bin. Dean shoved whatever was left of his into his mouth and threw out his napkin too.
“Hunting. Out. Away. I can’t stay Cas. I can’t. It’s just too dangerous. Anything I touch, anyone I get close to, anyone I love, they end up dead, and I can’t be responsible for that anymore.”
Dean hissed when Bobby put his arm under the tap, and Bobby gritted his teeth at the noise but said nothing. The water swirled down the drain, tinged a bright and happy red. Bobby crouched and opened the cabinet under the sink, tossing things seemingly at random onto the countertop. Stitches, tape, gauze, wide bandages.
“My room is upstairs,” Cas said in a low voice when he was finally able to break away from the smooth skin at Dean’s collarbone. He let Dean free from against the wall and Dean realized only once the pressure was gone how hard he had been crushed. The show of force made his stomach swoop.
Dean nodded, more exaggerated this time. Benny turned to walk forwards again without saying anything. The silence was only a little awkward, but Dean couldn’t figure out why Benny was acting strangely. There was clearly something he wanted to say. Belatedly, he realized he probably still smelled like booze despite having changed in the morning. He cursed himself for not having taken a pack of gum or something with him.
Behold. The randomness is complete. The prompt where Dean goes to see Cas instead of Lisa comes from the lovely runnerfiveisacat and was supported by chthonic21. I’m not sure if this is what you were looking for but I hope you like it!
“Are you okay?” Sam asked after a pause. He picked a shard of clay out of Dean’s palm and although Dean didn’t react, Sam winced for him.
This might have been the peak intimate gesture between any other two people, but Dean still felt like Cas didn’t quite understand the meaning of this, so he refused to do anything more than sit back and soak in Cas’s presence.
Cas didn’t answer right away. Didn’t really know how. It wasn’t as simple as a yes or a no, because there was no way to describe to Dean how deep his love for the man went.
“The man’s gotta learn to hunt. Ain’t no point living your life buried in books when real life is out to get you.”
Dean let his fingers sink into the small oiled feathers near Cas’s back, and Cas inhaled sharply, moving his hands to clasp together tightly and curling forward.
With his slow tour around the wings complete, Dean found himself once again toe to toe with the angel.
“You’re nasty,” Dean informed him, whipping a piece of popcorn at his head. It bounced harmlessly down, but Gabriel picked it up, looking wounded.
Cas swung his bag over his shoulder and scanned the room to see if he had forgotten anything. Dean was surprised to find he didn’t want him to go. Cas wound Dean up into a hug and buried his face in the crook of his neck. Dean could feel him inhale deeply.
It was several long moments before Cas gently popped off again and pulled his now sticky hand out of his pants. He kneeled for a moment, panting, watching Dean float in his own post orgasmic fog before he padded to the bathroom and cleaned up.
“That is a lot to consider” Cas said honestly, because whatever he had heard was already a lot to work through. He was sure it was impossible, but Sam was Dean’s brother, he would know his actions and reactions and desires quite well.
By the time he had settled, notebook and pencil on the desk, Dean had already been staring for far too long. He had been mesmerized by the boy’s strong jawline, and impossibly dark mop of hair, but now he was fixated on his shoes.
Cas looked up at the glowing directory, already lost and unsteady, and the hunt had barely begun. He needed to pull himself together
He took a long hot shower, then for lack of better things to do, decided to go out. Sam and Eileen weren’t back yet, even though it was now nearing 4 in the afternoon.
Cas nodded and stuck the ice cream back in the fridge and their spoons into the pie before tugging Dean towards the bathroom. The tub was almost full and there was a thick layer of foam over the water.
But it was too late. The Arachne was looming over him, drooling long sticky strings of saliva down onto his shirt.
Dean eyed him suspiciously and sat down on the edge of the bed, gesturing with his free hand to the spot beside him.
Michael came out carrying a bag of jumbo marshmallows, some chocolate squares, and a box of graham crackers. Gabriel followed close behind with some roasting sticks in one hand and a guitar case in the other. He gently placed the case beside Cas and winked before tearing open the marshmallow bag from Michael and spearing a couple on the sticks.
“No. No, don't even say that. Look at me.” He was a limp rag doll, pliant, not an ounce of control over his own body. Gabriel put a hand on either side of his head and pulled him away far enough to look into his eyes.
Dean surprised Cas into complete silence when he easily swung a leg over, taking Chastity’s place, although Cas noticed he kept most of his weight on his own knees and his crotch a respectful distance away.
Dean shifted back against the tub and dropped his hands in his lap, and that’s when Cas saw it. On Dean’s right forearm, there were two deep slash marks, both bleeding profusely, both filled with glass. He pressed the inside of his elbow to his mouth to try and cover his heave, but Dean noticed it anyways.
“You don’t. If you hit a dead end, you go back, and you hope that you remember where you’ve already been so you don’t hit the same dead end again.”
The boy cleared his throat and Dean’s eyes snapped up, instantly widening as he caught sight of the darkest blue eyes he had ever seen.
Cas nodded once and made a beeline for the checkout counter. The bored looking cashier scanned their items without even looking up. Dean pulled his wallet out of his back pocket to pay but Cas tapped his card through before Dean had even opened it. He grabbed the bag and smirked back at Dean.
Michael raised an eyebrow at him but Cas didn’t continue. “Brother, if you’re going to start something with ‘first of all’ there needs to be a ‘second of all.’”
Let me tell you all about a thing. I lost my taste and smell when I had covid, and so far, it hasn’t come back. I can bite into onions like they’re apples and taste nothing. I can eat a whole lemon without flinching, and taste nothing. When I make tea, I no longer waste a tea bag, I just boil water and drink it plain because it tastes the same. I cannot smell burnt toast. I cannot smell axe spray. I cannot smell the chicken coop. It’s kind of amusing, but also, wtf.
An update two days later! I'm definitely not ignoring all my responsibilities and writing instead... Thank you all for your feedback on the last chapter note, I appreciate each and every one of you.
Fuck this kid wasn’t even an adult yet and so far Cas had seen him drink like he’d been drinking an entire lifetime, fire a gun with incredible ease, fight off a..a monster, and get abandoned
Raphael shook his head and smiled patiently. It appeared that after thirty something years, one could become immune to Gabriel’s antics. Cas and Dean took their seats and the brothers resumed their individual conversations.
He unlocked his door and thunked his bag onto the sofa, dropping to the ground and pulling out his laptop. He spent the first forty minutes on an assignment for his psychology class, read it through once, and submitted it. He decided then that he should probably read more of Gatsby, so he grabbed a beer from the fridge and settled onto the sofa to read.
“Bullshit. You have me, I have the Impala. She’s all gassed up.” Dean picked up the keys from the coffee table and tossed them. They sailed through the air and Benny caught them against his chest.
Dean had changed into pyjamas while Cas was in the shower, but even the thin material of his shirt felt like miles between them, so Cas snaked a hand under the shirt and rested it flat against Dean’s chest, feeling his heartbeat thump steadily.
But if it wasn’t true, if Sam had simply misinterpreted his brothers actions, then Cas would be risking pushing Dean further away. The thought hurt more than it really should have, leaving a terrifying wide open feeling behind.
He wanted to crack open his ribcage and rip out his heart, sink his teeth into the deliciously warm flesh and drink. But there were too many layers. Stupid trench coat and shirt.
Cas must have sensed his presence because he turned around, sauce covered spoon in hand, and grinned widely.
Dean looked at him, pleading and helpless. Broken and saddened beyond anything Cas could wrap his mind around. “My… dad.”
“Easy Dean, it’s just me. Remember? Castiel. We met at Crowley’s bar a couple weeks ago,” Cas said, holding his hands in the air. He wasn’t scared of Dean, but the man was clearly jumpy and Cas knew he had a weapon. He kneeled down, watching Dean nod.
“It’s freezing outside,” Cas said numbly. The man looked up at him like he had never heard a more stupid comment.
“Loading the film into the developing tank,” Cas answered. There were a series of clicks and scrapes and Dean could very faintly see Cas pulling a roll out of his camera and setting it aside. He put six more rolls into the solution and screwed a lid over something.
The thought filled him with a heaviness, and caused him to continue combing and shifting his fingers through the wings long after they were all gleaming and perfectly straight.
Castiel smirked, a look which was complete and pure evil. “It’s Gabe’s turn to pick this year, so be prepared for extra cheese.”
He heard the rumble of Dean’s engine, and the muffled sounds of the car pulling out of the driveway, and Cas refused to feel hurt as he flicked on the porch light once again.
“Yeah okay,” Dean said after swallowing. He took a large gulp of water and then attacked his burger again.
“Just a warmup round,” Charlie assured, passing him a bottle of coke without taking her eyes off the screen. She pointed to the box of pizza with her chin, and Cas put a hand on her shoulder, leaning over her to grab a slice.
“She’s a cool gal,” Dean admitted, then suddenly felt ridiculous. Who says gal anymore? He cleared his throat. “So what do you do with the series once it’s done?”
He put down his phone and looked closer. It was thin, almost perfectly in the middle of the finger pad, and if Castiel was being honest, it looked like a cut in that spot would probably bleed a lot.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut and tried to think of something else, anything else, but the memory of his father was too loud and too violent. He stood on shaky legs and cupped some water from the sink to rinse out his mouth. The water he spit back out was tinged red and he realized with some disgust that he must have bitten his cheek while clenching his teeth in his sleep.
What he doesn’t remember is how many people he had hurt. Had he killed anyone? Had he killed Sam? Cas?
Without being told, without really thinking what he was doing, he reached out and trailed a finger over one of the few intact feathers. An impossible warmth washed over him.
“Thanks Benny.” Dean whispered as he shut the door. The thank you was for too many things to count, but it was mostly because he knew Benny would never mention it again. He would never ask what he had dreamed of, never push him to open up, never treat him like he was made of paper because he really
Dean fidgeted in his seat. A partner project? What a great class. What a perfect opportunity! He glanced over to Castiel and was pleasantly surprised to find he was already looking in his direction. They both nodded in silent agreement.
“What?!” Dean answered, appalled. “That is way to high a price. Fifty and thats the highest I’ll go.”
“Go wash up, son. I’ll be here when you’re done,” Bobby instructed. A shower suddenly sounded like a very good idea. Bobby’s water pressure absolutely sucked, but… maybe that was a good thing this time.
His fingers brushed through some curiously small feathers and he dug his fingers in deeper, feeling their sharp hard tips.
. It had confused Dean back then; he was young, and had never seen his dad let a monster walk away. Had never seen John give
“These shoulders,” Cas half groaned as he kneaded his palms over the swell of Dean’s muscles. “You’re so beautiful. So unbelievably strong. I always feel
“No coach. See you Thursday,” Dean waved as he and Benny began a slow walk to the change rooms. It would still likely be full of guys waiting for their turn in the shower, no point rushing.
Castiel nodded and swung his backpack over one shoulder before walking out, and Dean may or may not have been staring at his mismatched shoes and clinging black jeans as he left.
When four more days brought no news, Cas took another day off. He surfed the web for weird accidents. Called police stations about a black Impala. Contacted every hospital in a 100 mile radius to see if they had any John Does.
“Let’s dance,” Dean said, putting his empty beer next to Cas’s full one and tugging him towards the floor. Cas didn’t comment on the uncharacteristic request. Actually he seemed kind of excited about it, and it took Dean all of two seconds to figure out why.
“Hi. I’m Dean,” he said, offering a hand for her to shake. She continued to gape so he awkwardly ran the rejected hand trough his hair.
“Can we go?” Sam asked, suddenly five again. “Please.” He tugged on Dean’s sleeve, begging, but Dean didn’t need any encouragement. He couldn’t
“Fine,” Benny said after it became clear that Dean wouldn’t answer. “You just looked like you’d swallowed glass, that’s all.”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “They know me by —“ He closed his mouth when a bee landed on the corner of his lip, then flew away.
It was over much too soon, and the mechanical grinding of the ride slowing down also brought the world to a wobbly halt. The brothers stepped out of the berry and Sam immediately tipped over and fell into the grass, laughing.
With his free hand, he worried at the edge of the bandages on his right arm, the three tattoos on his left flashing at him darkly. Cas had stopped bothering to hide the tattoos in general a long time ago. The huge, dark evidence of his soulmate used to get him teased when he was younger, but people rarely paid him any mind about it now.
Dean had so many questions, but he didn’t know how to start asking them. It felt like an impossible task to even start understanding a person so different. And it definitely didn’t help that his piercing gaze was burning straight through Dean. How the heck was he supposed to even think when this totally hot dude was smiling at him.
To swing a leg over his hips and kiss the breath from his mouth. To pull him close and hold him tightly and
Why was Dean here again? Why did he have a gun? And most importantly, what was that thing? Cas didn’t get a chance to ask any of his questions because in the next moment, the street was swarmed with police vehicles and curious shop owners.
Dean flipped the pace to see Michael, back to the camera, reaching his arms up to the sky like he had just taken a huge lungful of fresh air. Sprouting from his shoulder blades were stark white wings, like a dove’s.
“I mapped out the distances from the kills to the owners homes,” Sam started once they reached the car.
The immediate glint in Cas’s eye was bright enough to power the city through a storm. “I love scream parks,” Cas admitted.
“Save him..get him…out of here” Dean groaned. He twisted to the side and curled in on himself, his knees bumping Castiel in the back.
Dean let out a frustrated noise. “Trust me. You’ll only get hurt. Worse.” His hand twitched, as if he wanted to reach out and touch Cas’s cuts, but he shoved it under his thigh instead.
“Dad picked me up from school.” It was half the truth. “He took me on a hunt.” Another half truth. A better word might have been
“One minute to spare,” they said, offering a congratulations and gesturing behind them to a bin of stuffed animals.
He pushed open the door - something his rational self never would have done without a direct invitation. But right now, he didn’t care. Dean could be dying. Bleeding out somewhere all alone. Castiel wildly hoped this was the right house. That he wasn’t breaking into some random person’s home.
“Can I have a big slice?” Hazel whispered in Cas’s ear. Castiel gave her a sly wink and shifted her so she was sitting on one of his thighs. He was handed a large knife, which he used to cut the cake up and distribute it. Dean didn’t fail to notice that Hazel’s slice was slightly bigger than everyone else’s, and she dug into it with a triumphant grin.
Dean looked taken aback, somewhat horrified, somewhat confused. He dropped Cas’s hand and crossed his arms.
“Okay sweet pea. We’re coming,” Cas told her, ruffling her wild curls. That seemed to be the only reassurance she needed because she bounded straight back into the house, dodging Anna who was calling for her to put some shoes on while outside.
He wanted to say something clever, to thank Castiel in some poetic way, but he was saved by the appearance of Gabriel, carrying a tray of complicated looking sandwiches.
Balthazar tore up a couple pieces of grass and blew them at her. They fluttered weakly to the ground and Charlie raised her eyebrow at him.
Cas washed his hands and began pulling out ingredients, mapping out a proper dinner for the two of them. Dean stood half in the kitchen half in the entrance, looking lost.
Hannah and Balthazar were out of the water too now, standing beside him, awkwardly silent and solemn. Gabriel, who must have sensed it was too still outside, came running out of the house, leaving the sliding door wide open behind him. He crashed to his knees, bringing him to eye level with a now very black and white Cas.
“It wasn’t what it looked like,” Dean immediately blurted, still shifting and shoving Cas behind him. Perhaps he could have handled being treated like something that needed protection from whoever the hell this leather clad dude was. But that? That stung. What
He had to get out of here. He had to get outside. Somewhere loud. He didn’t want to think anymore, and he desperately needed a strong drink.
“What did you do?” Dean asked, guiding him by the elbow back to the couch. Benny was a big guy, but right now he looked like he might faint.
Dean found out real quick that it was possible to choke on thin air. He spent an entire awkward minute trying to clear his throat, and what was worse, Cas didn’t move that entire time. When he finally gasped in a proper lungful and was able to breathe again, he realized he still needed to answer. But how can you answer a question like that when the only thing you want is lying casually in a bed, looking like sin itself in a soft cotton shirt and jeans.
Cas was sitting on his bed wearing nothing but a pair of grey sweatpants. His back was to the door, wings splayed out and twisted awkwardly in front of him. He appeared to be combing through them while also trying to somehow itch the back, not quite reaching.
Dean looked over, amused, and noticed first that the class had mostly filled up, and second that the boy was unnaturally gorgeous. He was trying to catch his breath and pull a notebook out of his shoulder bag at the same time.
to? Because it’s all cupcakes and rainbows and coming home a hero? I would give my life over and over to protect these people, but I won’t give yours. I won’t lose you to this.” Dean was ranting, almost desperately now.
He groaned angrily to himself. Cas would probably avoid him for forever now. He walked stiffly to the bathroom and washed his hands roughly, then headed for his room where he shut the door much too loudly for a door shutting in the small hours of morning.
“You can sleep here. Or you can take the bedroom if you want, it’s a little messy though,” Cas said, gesturing to the open door that led to his room. It was overflowing with books crammed on every imaginable surface.
“Hey, Castiel right?” Benny asked, extending a hand. “I’m Benjamin. Ben. Benny. Whatever feels right to you,”
Cas bit his tongue, trying to reign in his anger. From this angle Dean looked a lot smaller and younger. A lot more vulnerable. The question slipped out before he even had a chance to consider if he wanted to know the answer.
“Shit Cas. You’re still bleeding?” Dean said, mildly annoyed. “I would be very angry with you for hiding this for so long if you weren’t as helpless as an injured pigeon right now.”
“Oh. Never mind you probably should be with your team celebrating.” Cas awkwardly ran his free hand through his hair.
He scrambled to the far end of his cage, but it did him no good because the man, scrawnier than the last one, crouched and crowded his space.
,” he snapped, some of the bristling sass slipping back into his voice. It apparently didn’t take much for his walls to slam right back into place. “You’re gonna have to speak English.”
The next time Cas woke, the bare bulb was still on. He shifted and found his bones felt frozen with cold. Stiff. In his line of sight, he had nothing but the wire of his cage and a slice of the floor, which was, disgustingly, splattered in blood.
“No Cas,” he finally breathed out quietly. “Whether it was me that tore your wings apart that bad or not, I can’t take the easy way out, especially not if you’re still hurting.”
The car rumbled smoothly over the endless stretch of dark road. Dean wondered how his dad knew where he was going. Sometimes he asked Dean to read him directions off a map, but most of the time he looked at it before they left and then didn’t need to look at it again. John was the smartest person in the world, memorizing an entire map like that. Dean hoped he would learn that trick someday too.
Cas squeezed his hands once before letting go and trailing his fingers up Dean’s thighs. He pressed into the muscle, working out the tension.
Dean stepped out into the sunshine, holding his jacket instead of wearing it. The late May sun was warm on his face. He started home, not bothering to wait for Sam, who had already told him he was going to walk home with his new friend.
Cas could only manage a tight lipped smile because no, he didn’t know. He helped Dean into a shaky standing position and once he stopped swaying, Dean looked at him strangely.
“Gee thanks. I feel real good about myself now,” Cas said, rolling his eyes. He clicked his lock back in place and turned to walk towards his math class. Hannah fell into step beside him even though her class was in the opposite direction.
Dean chuckled lightly. “My little baby feather.” He rubbed a hand down Cas’s back as far as it could reach.
“Dude. I am not that entertaining. Or if by some stretch of the imagination I am, then take a picture. It’ll last longer.” Dean snapped, letting his voice drip with sarcasm. If he was trying to annoy Sam to distract his razor sharp intuition, nobody could blame him.
Cas pressed a button to accept the call and walked to the other end of the room for some privacy. The other three started a new game without him.
“Heck no. We’ve been circling around for forty minutes at least and we keep landing back here because
“Dean,” Benny said, pulling his arm out of Dean’s iron grip. “Normally I’d love for you to meet her but if I show up there with someone from the team she will shoot us both.”
