Dean leaned towards him once more and waited for Cas to meet him halfway this time. This kiss was barely more than a peck, but the fact that there had now been more than one made it feel like the most passionate, indulgent kiss he’d ever had.
“It’s not,” Castiel turned fully towards Dean, and took his face in his free hand. Dean’s eye were overbright with unshed tears. “Dean, there’s been good in that time too. It wasn’t wasted. I wouldn’t change any of it, not if it got us, all of us, here. And you have a whole life ahead of you, and I, for one, would consider it a great joy to see you grow old one day, but it isn’t today.”
I decided that Dean needed to have some kind of steely determination to get through the next bit, both because in the preview for 15x19 he seems relatively stable, and because I think he needs to be that way to take care of things with Chuck before he can really focus on getting Cas back. And it makes sense to me that at this point, he might feel like Cas has to come back, so anything else isn't an option in his mind. Next chapter will be up asap!
“Why are we—Jack are you—” he cut himself off, taking in the waves of energy radiating from the body of his son. He was certainly
The formless void of light revealed nothing. There may have been only empty space expanding endlessly before him, or he could be trapped with blank walls closing in around him.
“I’ve never told you this before in order to spare you any embarrassment, but I’ve often found some of the things you say to be deeply romantic.”
Sam was too overcome to speak, he just let out a watery laugh, roughly wiping a hand across his face.
It felt almost like a physical presence, the proverbial elephant in the room. Castiel desperately wished it would shrink back down and be hidden away again. He floundered for a safe topic, tracing over the letters of his name emblazoned on the glossy wood tabletop.
Dean breathed out a silence sigh of relief that Cas had spoken. His mind had been turning over how to casually say “please say you still love me and are going to stay with me forever because I’m an idiot and I’m in love with you and I’m sorry.”
“You’re not either, you know that right? That shit that Chuck said—you’re not defective. You’re incredible. All the pieces on Chuck’s board, all of us were pawns, we all danced to his tune. Except you. That’s not a defect, you know, that’s an asset, it’s… I don’t know, it’s incredible. You’re incredible.”
“I’ll catch you if you fall,” Castiel promised with more sincerity than the situation called for, taking Dean’s hand in his once again.
“Oh, naturally, but what I’m saying is that I don’t believe it was always that way. Castiel, dear, what is God?”
He wondered what side of Dean he was in for as he pushed open his door without bothering to knock. Dean had been demonstrating a degree of emotional vulnerability that Castiel had never before borne witness to. He was slightly anxious that Dean might snap like a rubber band and revert to practiced indifference if not outright hostility.
Dean breathed out heavily. He didn’t want to talk about this, but he knew that if there was anyone who was feeling this like he was, it was Jack.
In a park in Kansas, a young girl, no more than 10 years in appearance, laid in a shallow body-sized crater, the earth loose and hot around her. She was staring up at the stars, gone still by now, amber eyes dim as she sang quietly to herself. The world looked huge to her from here, all trees and sky above her, and beneath her hand she could feel how soft the earth was. A brave ant skittered across her fingers and paused. The girl kept her hand carefully still but rolled the rest of her body onto its side, tucking her knees to her chest for warmth, her simple white dress not quite covering her pale toes. Beneath her blond head she laid her other hand, and if not for the strange setting she may seem a simple child drifting to sleep.
“Yeah well, I think you’re the best goddamn thing that’s ever happened in my miserable shit life. Sorry I didn’t let you know earlier,” Dean murmured against Castiel’s skin, brushing his lips over his clavicle.
If there’s one thing rural Kansas had, it’s plenty of open space. Not far from the bunker, an abandoned property with over a hundred acres of field sat neglected and overgrown. They’d checked it out when they first started living nearby, going through the old farmhouse and the dilapidated barn with EMT readers and coming up clear.
Cas turned to greet him, expecting Jack to be hosting his usual serene look. Instead, he was immediately alarmed to see that Jack looked nervous, concerned.
“Cas, I love you. I don’t want you going anywhere. I don’t care that you weren’t here when we took out Chuck, frankly, I wouldn’t have wanted his sadistic ass near you anyway. You are
His plan had been to pile everything up on a tray and bring it to his room, hoping that the smells might entice Cas to wake up. But he hadn’t even used half the pancake batter when he heard shuffling feet enter the kitchen.
He set up the cot for Jack, though he doubted the kid would sleep. If he did get tired, Dean didn’t want him wondering off to another room.
“You didn’t do it,” Castiel said quietly, though he tried to mentally, emotionally take a step back and look at what Dean was laying before him. For Jack, and maybe only for Jack, Castiel could do the work of knocking Dean Winchester off a pedestal if need be.
“Yes, yes I did, Dean! I was trying to make it easier for you to talk about it, by mentioning stuff about your weirdly intense relationships with other dudes—uh, you, obviously, Cas, not—” Sam immediately changed topic, apparently fearing he’d gotten Dean in trouble. “And your whole toxic masculinity thing, you know, and…” Sam threw his arms out.
Jack winced. “Our choices can’t be separated. Whatever happens to one must happen to the other, you know how this works. Balance.”
“But we can’t access the Veil unless we’re dead,” Sam pointed out. Dean hadn’t even noticed him, standing on the other side of Jack and craning overhead to read the text himself.
“He’s your child too, he chose all of us to raise him, all of us to look up to and learn from. He’s not your family just because he’s mine, he’s your family just because he is.”
And more than that, he wanted Dean to be able to move on, to live a normal life, and could he ever do that with Castiel there, drawing him into his traumatic past, presenting another burden for him to carry, another supernatural obstacle in the path of his future? Castiel knew that just as it was for him, it was difficult for Dean to live for himself. He needed to give Dean a chance to do that, didn’t he?
Dean sighed. “I’m not, really. Rowena’s—she gets it, and she’s been...sweet to you, you know, at least after the whole curse thing. I like that she likes you, that she got that we were all a unit, or whatever. She didn’t act like you were some auxiliary sidekick to the Winchester duo like some hunters do, or worse, all suspicious like the apocalypse worlders. Wish more people saw you for who you are, you know?”
Dean spoke to Castiel’s chest, but Castiel understood the vulnerability Dean was displaying, and that it was deliberate. Dean was purposefully making an effort, and maybe he would keep doing that until speaking openly came easily. The thought made Castiel feel warm.
Dean dragged a hand roughly over his mouth, letting out a sigh. He came to a stop, tugging gently at Miracle’s leash with one hand, and reaching the other out to rest on Castiel’s shoulder, drawing him to a stop as well.
It featured exactly zero technique at first; Dean had just artlessly smashed their faces together in a desperate bid to get his point across, to show Cas that nope, they weren’t brothers, that’s not at all what this was. But after a few seconds that felt like an eternity, Cas softened under his hands and his lips turned pliable and soft. Dean eased off the pressure, sliding his fingers back through Cas’ hair, and the kiss became gentle, just a light caress of lips and stubble, the warm tickle of breath against each other’s skin.
“Unbelievable,” Dean huffed as he rounded the table to throw himself down into an adjacent chair, but not before accepting an apologetic squeeze of his hand as he passed Castiel.
“Possibly, yes,” Rowena conceded. “It’s difficult to say, it’s not as if we have any past precedence for Nephilim turned God.”
Cas had poured his heart out to him, and he’d just stood there. He didn’t even give the guy a damn hug, he just clammed up. What could he say? He’d never wanted someone to shut up so badly, while also wanting to beg him to continue. The things that Cas said were so completely underserved, and Dean had desperately wanted to hear them. It was like Cas looked at every shitty thing about him and decided that it was okay, like he was polishing up all those dark ugly parts of him until they were shiny and good. He should have made Cas stop. If he’d understood faster what was happening, he could have shut that cloying, needy part of himself away and physically made Cas stop talking. And then he’d be here, and Dean would have found a different way, he could have turned himself over to Billy and bought Cas some time to escape. But he hadn’t, he’d just stood there, he didn’t stop Cas from calling the Empty, and he didn’t even bother to offer the guy any kind of recognition or comfort or
Cas opened his mouth and closed it, before opening it again. “You’re welcome.” For some reason, his response came out an octave above the gravel-low tenure of his usual speaking voice.
There it was, Cas had said it. Cas had finally said it, and then he died. If Dean had articulated to himself, before, on those rare occasions when he felt just raw enough to even consider what could be lingering in the air between him and Cas all those years, what was the worst thing that could happen if he just
“Cas, I don’t know what you know about how things went down with me and Jack in the end, but it wasn’t good.”
The urge to reach across the small gulf between them and kiss the strained look off Dean’s face was even more powerful than the night before.
At least now Dean looked as terrified as Cas had felt for the last several minutes. He licked his lips and locked his eyes on Castiel’s.
“No no,” said the balding man as he waved a piece of pancake around on his fork like a baton. “My son’s going to school to be an astronomer, and he called me just this morning and said it wasn’t no meteor shower that he’s ever seen tell of. Isn’t that right Marge? No meteor shower we ever heard of!” The man’s wife looked positively on edge as she whispered dramatically to the two ladies at the next table, “Not a meteor shower, no, you know what that was don’t you? Aliens. They’re making contact. You’ll see soon enough, people will be going missing and UFOs will be landing all over the place!” She glanced around conspiratorially, as if a little green man might be lurking behind of fake plant.
“I didn’t understand then what I do now. I loved our father’s creation because I was meant to, but I didn’t truly understand anything about it. Knowing Adam, seeing what my father has done… I’ve been a puppet. His script would have me kill my own brother, destroy the thing that my father said we were meant to love.” A look of painful wistfulness crossed Michael’s face. He looked almost human. “I see now that I’ve bowed out for too long. The price is too high. So yes, I am here to help.”
Death inclined his head once more. “Near enough. I will take you to him. He does not know that the Archangel Michael is with you, which may give you an advantage. Do not miss this opportunity, there will not be another.”
Michael was talking quietly to Jack when Dean settled onto the bed nearest them, keeping his back to them as he lay. Dean heard the words “my brother” from Michael, and was glad Sam was asleep. The last thing he needed right now was more Lucifer-induced trauma.
“I know,” Castiel was already reaching behind Dean’s slumped form, feeling the warm, sick wetness where the rebar had impaled him. Dean’s eyes were closed, his face waning and pale, but he was still there, just. That brilliant flicker of his soul still burned, and Cas thought it might even be reacting to his presence, leaping slightly, reigniting before he even had a chance to heal him.
“Dean…” Castiel trailed off, reaching out to where Deans hands dangled between his knees and cupping them in both of his. He watched Dean’s fingers clutch at his own like a lifeline.
brought you back a couple times, I just—I didn’t trust anything anymore, and I’m sorry, Cas. You didn’t deserve that.”
“He told me that he loved me, and that he thought he could never have me, so just saying it was enough. That was his version of happiness, the poor bastard. Just telling me that.”
“Oh, Jack,” Castiel shook his head, feeling the deep penetrating guilt that could only come from utterly failing his own child. He thought of the way Jack would mimic them. Rolling his eyes with his whole body like Castiel, biting back a smile with raised brows like Sam, and all the hundreds of times he’d outright copied every move Dean made. It had always seemed rather sweet until now.
“Well, hey, if you’re sticking around, maybe you’ll actually get some use out of your room. The number of times I’ve dusted in there over the years, man.”
“That’s not what I meant at all,” Cas insisted, looking suddenly distressed. “You haven’t done anything wrong Dean, I just thought that you wouldn’t want me to act affectionately to you with Sam and Eileen in the room.”
sorry for Rowena. And even if he still held a petty hated for Crowley, if Castiel merited redemption after all he’d done, than Rowena’s son probably did too.
“Okay, so,” Dean kept his eyes trained somewhere around Castiel’s collar, “So you know how I didn’t know you could, like,
Dean pulled back, but didn’t move his hands, not letting Cas look away from him—not that Cas looked like he had any desire to look away, his eyes wide and transfixed on Dean’s.
Eileen grinned back. “He makes it easy,” she said conspiratorially, reaching out to shake Rowena’s hand. Surprisingly, Rowena offered hers in turn with a tinkling laugh, and Sam visibly relaxed.
“It didn’t just happen. He chose the moment. Billie was going to kill me, so he decided that he’d just…be happy, and then the Empty would come for them both, and I’d be safe. So that’s what he did.” Dean kept his eyes on the text in front of him while he spoke, seeing nothing.
“Shouldn’t that be my line?” Dean grazed his thumb over Cas’ knuckles. “Did it hurt when you fell from heaven and all that?”
And Dean knew they’d have months, years, a whole lifetime to make up for all the missed chances of the last decade, to go on every cheesy date ever depicted on film. Cas was here with him, and for once, he’d followed through, and it felt like for the first time, he had something that he knew he wouldn’t screw up, something so fundamental to his being that it simply had to be that way. As he wrapped his arms around Cas, he knew with a certainty that he wouldn’t have thought possible before, that there was finally something he could have for the rest of his life.
Under the star-sequined Kansas sky, after an eon in which the universe might have died and been reborn for all that Castiel could tell, they parted, leaning against one another like they had in the motel, a day or a lifetime ago.
“Woah, woah Cas put down the knife, what’s the plan here?” Dean put his hands up instinctively and leaned back slightly.
It looked like Sam had regained some composure, but Dean was tense, eyes darting around the dark landscape.
Sam had been all aghast about the latest development in their chain of messed-up, way too excitable for someone who was suffering from a bad case of
“Hello, boys,” a lilting voice greeted them, and there was Rowena, dressed in an immaculate scarlet gown and looking remarkably out of place against the pastoral landscape. Castiel wondered briefly if she’d been waiting to hear her name to maximize the dramatic effect of her arrival.
Castiel wasn’t at all sure how to respond to that, but Dean clearly read his silence as scepticism (which, admittedly, was part of it).
“So he’d be going from God, to human,” Castiel concluded, remembering how Jack had struggled without his powers, not to mention the unbalancing of his very being that had killed him the first time.
“Yeah, I just don’t know what I’m doing—Eileen said she needed to fix something on her car before we left, and I thought I’d—she’s never gonna let me live this down, she’d have had this fixed in like 5 minutes. I think I’ve made it worse,” he muttered irritably.
The voice was familiar, slightly nasally, and affectionate. As if the speaker were addressing an old friend they’d been planning to meet here. Castiel lifted his head slowly, already knowing who he was going to see, and yet not understanding, his human mind resisting his urges for it to speed up, to make sense of this quicker.
They drove straight through the day, arriving back at the bunker in the middle of the night. In the garage, Dean sat behind the wheel for a few moments after parking. Sam, Jack, and Adam collected bags from the trunk while Dean slowly lifted himself out of the driver’s seat and stood beside the car, looking at the door into the bunker. Sam looked over at Dean with a question on his tongue. “In a minute,” Dean answered before he could ask.
Jack drew from within himself every ounce of love he had for Sam, for Dean, for Cas, for every person who had helped him become who he was, and he directed it all at the being who was responsible for so much of their pain.
“Sam—” he began, his voice still weak, but he didn’t turn to his left to see his brother. His eye’s focused on the figure before him.
“Do you think things will be different, with Cas not being an angel anymore?” Jack asked, frowning slighting as he rubbed dust away from the book cover with more focus than was needed.
“Oh, fine, dear. It’s really all details now—How long shall a soul toil for what level of corruption, what are the conditions for re-appraisal with Anubis, and so on. Some of the hell-spawn will never be content, but for most—well, hell is hell, after all,” she shrugged with her lips pursed.
“I’m really glad you’re back, man,” Dean breathed, his lip trembling slightly. “Sorry if I fucked it up, with the Jack thing.”
Castiel gave her an apologetic smile and a quick thank you sign as Sam cleared his throat and got Eileen’s attention with a light hand on her shoulder.
“Cas is dead?” The horror in Sam’s voice reverberated though the phone as Dean leaned his elbows on the table and balled his free hand against his forehead, willing Sam to shut up.
I know, no Cas yet--I want this to play out in a similar way to how the show works, and I love to be wrong, so I'm gonna take a shot at figuring out how to take out Chuck. Wish me luck!
Castiel shook his head and closed the distance between them, seeking to still Dean’s trembling, to capture his mouth and fill it only with sounds of joy. The very fact that he was now permitted to do that at all nearly had him undone.
It was just Sam and Eileen, looking pleased as hell with themselves, holding hands as they entered. Dean made the quick decision not to tease Sam (too much), thinking that now that things were happening with Cas, it might not be a good time to start embarrassing Sam about his bedroom activities.
And there was that smiling face again. Only now, the smile was not one of childlike delight, but of benevolence. It was calm and loving and entirely unnerving.
As they approached the bunker, Castiel directed Dean to let Miracle inside, and then they climbed the small hill above the bunker’s entrance, rounding the old, dilapidated power plant.
nearly cold, and his hands were numb, and he realized that he had nothing to rely on to tell him where he was or which way to go, no instinctual orientation based on an intrinsic understanding of the shape and composition of the earth to guide him. He still knew exactly where every river in every country in every continent started and ended, knew the mountain ranges of the distinct ridges of the Rockies over the Alpine, had named them to himself for centuries, and yet only now was he aware of how oppressing similar so much of the world was. Yes, he knew a pine from a birch from a maple, but he realized that this would not help him to find a road. Castiel was floundering, cut off from his family, his friends, and now his sense of direction. And it was quiet, so painfully quiet, he felt as if it might suffocate him. The air was too thin, too insubstantial, and it was so
. His instincts, born of a familiarity with creation that no mortal could comprehend were entirely inaccessible, and it somehow eased his frustration to bring a hand to his hair and grasp it firmly, enraged and confused at his own circumstance. He had not thought to make this motion, but as he pulled back on his hair and forced his head back and eyes up, he suddenly found himself looking up at the sky, remembering the clues that were hidden in creation to orient the humans, who were not able to simply tune into the vast supply of knowing that angels had accessible. North, he was facing north. And from the moss growing on the trees around him, civilization was to his right. The panic that he hadn’t realized had been festering began to ebb, and he had a goal again. Reach the road.
“A wise choice,” Castiel agreed. “It’s good you’re heading this way, Dean and I have been talking about Jack and—”
His concerns about Jack and Dean drifted to the back of his mind. There was something tense in the way Dean said it that made Castiel think he was biting his tongue, leaving something unsaid. He was reminded, not for the first time in the last 20 hours, that his deathbed confession had remained untouched, that while Dean had expressed his frustrations at Castiel not coming back sooner, he’d not said a thing about the deal with the Empty, or the things Castiel had said in those last moments.
“Well, Dean’s a hothead. And people… People tend to put the most blame, the most pain, on the people they love the most. The people they know won’t leave, even if they throw everything they’ve got at them.”
“But I do have a theory to go with your own. Jack’s power shouldn’t really be a separate entity, which is to say, it’s quite strange that he was able to strip it from Chuck in the first place. After all, since when is God just a man with magic powers? I imagine the theologians would have a field day.”
Dean groaned, but at least the tension seemed to have snapped from the absurdity of the conversation. He planted his head against Castiel’s chest. “You know what I mean, you dick. I don’t know how your freaky angel spunk works.”
Jack frowned. “But, I have to. Remember? I need to bring peace. It’s what Chuck never did, and now I can.
And then Cas would come back, and Dean would still do nothing, still say nothing, because Cas was back and Dean wasn’t going to take a gamble that might make him lose Cas again, that might push him away. And now, not taking that gamble might have been the thing that ultimately lead to him losing Cas.
Dean pulled back, not quite meeting Castiel’s eyes as he separated from him, pulling the covers back and sliding under the sheets. He laid on his side facing Castiel, and when he’d settled in comfortably, he reached across the divide and took his hand.
Chuck stumbled back as a wave of energy hit him, and then he burned. His other hand blistered, then his face, chest—he fell to his knees, just as his son had done moments before.
There was no reason to feel this anxious, but Dean felt like he’d need a damn tranquilizer to calm down. It wasn’t really that a small part of him was scared Cas would never wake up (though that was definitely a factor), but also the anxious energy of just not knowing what was next, the excitement (and fear) of no longer being able to control or manage this thing the way he used to.
Eventually, Eileen called, and Sam finally relaxed. She told him about the everyday messes she’d been helping to clean up; people reappearing in strange places, missing pets, and general mass confusion. Nothing apocalyptic, at least.  Apparently the dominate theories that she’d heard were gas leak, and alien abductions. She planned to meet them at the bunker the next day.
He let go of Michael's face, and Dean saw the silver gleam of a blade appear in the same hand before Chuck brought it down, straight through Michael’s chest.
Dean watched them, feeling a rush of pride for Sam. He’d never seen his brother so demonstrative, so open and casual with his affection. Not since that night at Stanford, ages ago, when he had no idea that he was saying goodbye to Jess for the last time. It had taken a hell of a lot to get him here, but Sam was getting his happy ending.
She patted his face, and walked into the house, leaving Castiel to wander until he found himself on the dock.
He knew Dean had been inside it once before, when he and Sam first found the bunker and had wandered through it with an EMF reader. It looked much the same as Castiel pushed open a rusted side door; tall windows, several panes broken. Bottles and graffiti, the evidence of parties and squatters long gone.
As they loaded up the car, Sam was tempted to try and gauge Dean’s headspace, but he tempered the impulse to try and engage his big brother in a heartfelt conversation. Dean was processing this in the same way Sam was processing what had happened to Eileen; by focusing on the upcoming mission.
Castiel heard another clatter of metal on metal and another curse from Sam. “Go ask Eileen for help, Sam.”
It was a win, of course it was. He had Cas back, and he was whole again. But what if Cas had only done this because Dean asked? What if Cas wasn’t whole anymore?
“I know a way,” Cas said, breathless. Dean almost thought Cas was about to lean in and kiss him, but no, he wasn’t reaching for Dean, he was…
“He was unrecognizable,” Castiel added. “There was nothing about him to indicate that that man was God. No resonance with the host or the powers of creation. Angels all hold a small piece of that same power, I would’ve thought it’d be impossible to hide that from us.”
The answer still stuck in his throat. He could sense that this request had cost Dean something. For Cas, it was the same thing he had struggled with on the dock.
“Yea, that’s kind of what I thought. How about you, Dean? Appreciate the homage?” Chuck held his arms wide, gesturing at the tranquil, moon drenched rose bushes around them. “You were always going to end up here! Got any witty repartee? I liked that speech you gave, “You’re the same brand of cockroach I’ve been squashing my whole life,” that whole bit. Pretty adaptable for this scenario. You got anything?”
By now, Cas was stirring sugar into the two mugs filled with steaming coffee (two sugar, two milk for Cas, one sugar, black for Dean). He taped the spoon on the edge of Dean’s mug, and set it aside.
Dean drew in a shuddering breath, but Castiel refused to look at him, not wanting to see the pain there.
Dean loved him, in his way, Castiel was sure. And Castiel wasn’t completely naïve. He knew that his presence sometimes had an affect on Dean. He could track it in a dozen different ways. His elevated pulse, the dilation of his pupils, the way his eyes gravitated to his mouth, his lingering touches, a subtle change in his hormones. And always, always, the ever-confusing pulses of longing that called out to him. It might have served as an unfair advantage, had it been anyone but Dean. But right from the beginning, Dean had proved determined to contradict every last one of those impulses. At first, Castiel hadn’t understood that at all. He’d gravitated towards Dean because he could sense that Dean drew some type of pleasure from his proximity, but then Dean would insist that he move further away. Castiel had assumed it to be a simple human quirk that he’d never quite understand, and had chalked up his own desire to be near Dean as a response to Dean’s desire. As Castiel learned more about Dean, over years and years, he understood what was driving Dean’s actions. He didn’t
Eventually, Dean closed his book with a satisfying thump and got up from the table, stretching widely and revealing a strip of skin on his abdomen that Castiel didn’t bother pretending not to look at.
Castiel landed in the barn and took in the scene in a fraction of a second. The headless bodies strewn on the ground, blood and dirt and gore everywhere. The rickety frame of the structure, the shoddy construction. And a tragic vignette, a dying man clutching onto his brother for dear life.
“Let’s try calling first, summoning second, and risking another angelic civil war third, in that case.”
“Where are you? Do you know what’s happening? Everyone’s gone, Dean. I got everyone I could together, it seemed safe, and then they disappeared, one by one. They’re
Castiel didn’t know what his face looked like, but he could imagine it was somewhere between terrified and awestruck.
Castiel gave Dean a few minutes to prepare for bed, and to either compose himself or work himself up to a larger panic, before gathering up a few promising looking texts and heading to Dean’s room.
Kevin himself was lounging in an armchair in the library, sipping away at Dean’s bourbon and looking about ready to either vomit, run, or pass out. Dean grabbed a glass and poured himself a drink, before falling into a second armchair.
Several hours later, Castiel and Dean sat out on the sloping hill beside the bunker, tossing an increasingly slobbery tennis ball for Miracle to fetch.
“Hmm?” Dean startled out of his reverie. “Yeah, Cas, of course. I’m great. Seriously,” and he gave Castiel a smile, small but genuine.
Sam frowns slightly, “Well, not really, I guess. Years ago, back before Amara, I questioned it more. Just the way he is with you,
. Those memories were hazy at best for Castiel; if he tried to focus on them too intently, a high-pitched whirring pulled him back. It was just a familiar side effect of the conditioning he’d endured over several millennia. He’d learned to recognize it in recent years, the gaps and inconsistencies in his own recollections. Perhaps it would trouble him more if he knew what he was missing, but as it was, it seemed unlikely that it would compare to his more immediate memories—a flash of gentle green eyes, a tan coat, a black car, an unrestrained, innocent smile.
Jack pulled away, beaming up at Dean. “I’ll find some more books,” he said brightly, as if they were hosting a book club and not researching how to save their family member from a cosmic void.
Cas visibly swallowed, but now his eyes at least weren’t so impossible to read. He looked terrified, but no, not terrified, hopeful, maybe,
“Good,” Rowena looked satisfied. “Now, I understand that you boys met Chuck long before you knew he was God.”
The kiss was tender, so unlike any of the kisses Castiel had shared with anyone else in his limited experience. He cradled Dean’s head between his palms and ran his tongue over the bottom lip that had looked so vulnerable moments ago. He didn’t have any particular intention besides soothing Dean, offering up whatever comfort he could to this man that he’d given everything for, but his breath stuttered as Dean snaked his arm around Castiel’s waist, pulling him closer and opening his mouth to him.
Sam didn’t know what to make of that. Happiness was hardly Cas’ strong suit. The only times he seemed to approach it were with Jack, or with Dean. He wasn’t necessarily surprised that Cas was with Dean when he “allowed himself to be happy,” whatever that meant.
It was just after 6, and Dean was making pancakes, eggs, bacon, and hash browns. He figured Cas might not have had a chance to properly enjoy real breakfast foods his last go around as a human, and he wanted to start getting an idea of what Cas actually liked. The thought of getting to make breakfast for Cas every day made a smile slip past his defenses. He was feeling optimistic, but was trying not to get too ahead of himself. For all he knew, Cas could have changed his mind after Dean had just stood there like an idiot while he’d poured out his heart at Dean’s feet.
Yes. Cas cracked a smile as well, and then found himself laughing, which for some reason made Dean laugh more, and then they just laughed for a long moment until Miracle barked, confused by all the noise, and jumped up against Dean’s side.
Cas huffed. “The world was always ending. It’s not as romantic as it seems in those superhero movies you like.”
“Why am I here?” He didn’t stand, only sat down with his knees raised and rested his arms atop them. Between the noise and confusion and oncoming devastation that he was only keeping at bay by refusing to think about it, he felt incredibly weak.
Cas felt a moment of guilt before glancing over to see Dean wearing a sly smile on his face. Cas nudged him gently in the ribs.
Mary shrugged. “That’s up to you. But if you do, don’t give yourself a job that makes you miserable. Be your own person. Take some risks, of a non-apocalyptic nature. Be true to yourself. I think that could be a positive influence on some people.”
He had walked several blocks before he found himself in a park, a little swing set and slide being occupied by small children and their guardians. He walked a small distance away and sat down on a bench by the adorning open field, and folded his hand together between his knees, bowing his head low over them, a mockery of prayer.
“You know, I don’t think I’ve held hands with someone since high school,” Dean said. And there, the silence was broken and nothing had been destroyed.
As they began the drive from Michigan to Kansas, Sam had his phone glued to his ear, talking to Jody, Garth, Bobby, Donna, anyone who called. Every couple of minutes he would get a new incoming call and quickly answer, only to slump slightly in his seat when it wasn’t the person he most wanted to hear from.
Castiel tipped his head side to side like he was weighing something out, shrugging a shoulder slightly. “Nothing a few millennia of couples counselling can’t sort out.”
Dean groaned quietly and rolled away from Cas, pulling the blankets over his head. Castiel rolled his eyes.
“Why?” Sam always seemed pleased to see Rowena. Castiel had called her earlier, when they’d finally made their way out a Dean’s room sometime around noon. In true Rowena fashion, she’d flirted playfully and then vaguely told them she’d pop in sometime today, effectively ruining Castiel’s plan to drag Dean back to bed after lunch.
Sam huffed, “Yeah, no way, I’d rather fess up to Eileen than tell Dean and have to hear one of his lectures on vehicular maintenance.”
about people, and you’ve always tried your best to do the right thing, to make a difference, to help people, even people who don’t fuckin’ deserve it. You’re the best father I’ve ever known; not to make it weird, but if my old man had been more like how you are with Jack, you wouldn’t have needed to clean up my liver so many damn times.” Dean tried to smile as he said that, but it looked pained. He continued regardless. “You’re determined as all hell. You never give up, even when everything in the universe is telling you to.”
“The more familiar the boy is with his power, the better he’ll be able to understand how it functions in relation to himself,” Rowena added.
“Thanks, Jack.” He reached for one and took a bite, chewing mechanically and not tasting a thing. Maybe this was how Cas felt about food.
A moment later, as they all watched the lifeless form with wide eyes, a sonic blast radiated outward from the garden, sweeping their hair back and stretching far beyond their eyeline.
The rushing sound of that sweeping black nothingness still echoed through the dungeon as Dean sat up, stunned, against the cold brick wall.
Now he stood at a crossroads. It had been hardly any time at all on earth since he had died. A few weeks. He hadn’t checked in on them yet, not quite ready to face that even with the benefit of invisibility, but Jack let him know that they were okay, that they were trying to build lives for themselves in the aftermath of it all. And Jack had given him the option; he’d asked the angels to stay in Heaven, to reduce any celestial interference in the human world. But for Castiel, Jack had sat down with him and given him a slightly different set of options.
Cas was standing further away from him than usual. Cas had always had an issue maintaining personal space (although now that Dean knew how he felt, he wondered how much of that was actually angelic social ineptness and how much was just
“He, uh…” Dean started, trying to find a way to continue. Before, he would have just deflected, denied anything incriminating, moved past this moment with a joke. But he’d told himself that there wasn’t going to be anymore running from this, and this was the first real test.
Castiel hummed again. “I’m not sure. I’ve been a soldier since the dawn of time. Even in rebellion, I was still fighting, just for a different cause. I’m not sure I’m… built for anything else. Good for much else.” It was slightly more honest than Castiel had intended, but the softness of Dean’s voice made it difficult to put up any defenses.
He blocked out the noise, a skill honed from years of sleeping whenever and wherever the opportunity arose, and eventually fell into a restless sleep.
Chuck didn’t let go of the burning ball in his palm. He held it tighter, crushing it until the light faded entirely before dropping the lifeless rock beside Michael’s body.
Castiel hummed lightly, a small smile lighting his features. He felt hope, and he hadn’t even realized how hopeless he’d felt, turning this problem over on his own. Here Dean was, offering to share his burden, to help Jack, and it was all he’d ever wanted from him. “Hopefully Sam will be back soon, then,” he teased breezily.
Rowena smiled, “Oh he quite liked you, you know, my Fergus. I reckon he considered you one of his closest friends. Poor lad had a hard time showing it though, self-esteem problems, can’t imagine why.”
that I’ve ever met. I don’t want to ever have to know what life is like without you, ever again. When you’re gone, I can’t cope. There is
And the thing was, that Dean had believed that, just a few short years ago. But since then, he'd really started to think it could be different. That
“You’re not a burden,” Dean stressed, resisted the urge to scream it at him. “You never have been, and you never could be. You’re the best person, angel,
Dean let a sad smile cross his face. This boy, this child really, all he wanted was to be loved, and most of what he’d faced in his three short years was pain.
not the direction I though tonight was heading,” but took Castiel’s extended hand, brushed himself off, and began to drag the angel back to the stairs by the sleeve of his coat. “Alright, lets go work. But you’re making coffee.”
Sam and Jack arrived at the bunker, and Dean had another reason to be grateful for Michael’s sudden appearance; it left little room to talk about what had happened.
“How do we know it won’t be vulnerable to some other power-hungry being?” Castiel questioned Rowena.
Cas was still holding Dean’s face, cradling it gently as he crouched in front of the man who had reshaped his life.
“Oh, aren’t you sweet,” she patted Castiel’s face, to his mild displeasure. “I’m enjoying my rule for now, don’t you worry your pretty haloed head. Besides, it’s not like there’s any souls in heaven for me to miss,” she frowned at her glass again.
Castiel thought about Anna, who’d done something like this in her own grace extraction. Her grace had been able to independently create and maintain life after she’d ripped it from herself. Although, it had also been retrievable, which would be a highly unsavoury prospect for the powers of God, and, of course, God didn’t have grace or anything particularly like it as far as Castiel could tell. The more he considered it, the less relevant the comparison seemed, and he started over, running through a roster in his head as he stroked a hand through Dean’s hair.
“Ours,” Castiel corrected, and his heart went from feeling squeezed to feeling impossibly full as Dean reddened and looked away but didn’t deny it. Castiel looked down, rapping his knuckles lightly on the wooden table before him. With a quick flutter in his heart, he noted the table’s new additions—his name, and their son’s name, carved right along the Winchester’s. “I will. Go see him. There’s still… some things to sort out.” If Castiel was hedging, Dean didn’t seem to notice.
“My father always had a plan. He wanted this world to be one of meticulous perfection, and perfect chaos. That’s what humans were. Your design is flawed, but he gave you what you needed to achieve more than any other species. Perfect in your imperfections.” Michael paused, his brow furrowed. “I’ve always followed orders. We aren’t like humans at all, we’re not made for free will. It’s not innate to us.”
As Dean showered, Castiel gently pried the phone out of Sam’s grasp and laid it on the bedside table beside him, plugging it into a charger from Dean’s bag. The screen lit up with a text. Eileen, saying
Dean snapped his head towards Cas, as if just becoming conscious of the fact that he’d still been talking. He let out a slightly desperate sounding laugh.
Dean frowned and turned his head to see who’d walked in and made Cas want to get the hell away from him.
“I don’t know what you mean,” Cas said at last, and Dean felt like finding the nearest cliff and driving them off it.
son, who slept with a Marvelous Marvin teddy bear, listened to angsty pop music, and tied his shoes by making two bunny ears, was now a god. No, not just a god,
They stayed like that for a while. It was the closest Castiel had ever been to Dean’s face. Dean’s eyes were closed, but Castiel kept his open, counting the freckles across Dean’s nose. Angel kisses, he remembered from some movie or another. He thought about leaning forward slightly more, of pressing his lips against the bridge of Dean’s nose, the curve of his cheek, the bow of his lip…
Castiel doubted he could adequately explain any of that to Dean, at least not without sending him into a spiral of self-hatred, but perhaps he owed it to himself, and to Jack, to try to explain some of it.
“We’ve got one hell of a kid. And it seems like it’s pretty well put things back in order, so I guess that tucked the Empty in to bed, too.”
But there was suddenly no reason to deny it. Dean apparently wasn’t, not anymore. In a second, everything had changed, and Dean wanted Castiel to kiss him, Castiel could feel it in every part of his being, could feel it radiating off of Dean, and even though he’d never thought he’d be here, here had come.
He'd said nothing. He had one shot to not be such a fucking coward, and he’d blown it, and it was his last chance, and now Cas was dead.
Crowley had been passed out in the back of Impala (which Dean was seriously uncomfortable with and why in the world
A couple of times throughout the night, he’d bumped into Jack, who went to check on Cas every hour or two. It was Jack who reassured him that Cas was okay, just resting. They still weren’t really sure how Jack’s powers worked now, or what he could and couldn’t do, but he seemed confident in that at least.
of ruin work involved. We need some ingredients, pretty basic stuff…But Dean,” Jack looked stricken. “All this will do is get you there. It won’t help you find Cas, it won’t wake him up, and it won’t bring him back here.”
“I’m far older than it would be possible to look. I don’t think you’d like it much if I tried to age my vessel to thirteen billion years old.”
Dean looked into Cas’ eyes, eyes that were filled with something too complex for Dean to begin to name.
For a moment Sam thought that this news might break Dean, whose façade seemed to slip momentarily, revealing the anguish behind his eyes. And then it was gone, and Dean slammed the trunk shut.
“Think of this as the essence of creation. It’s the force that created the Light, and the Darkness, and it can undo both. It’s volatile, but if I can direct this energy towards my father, he will have no defense.”
Castiel hesitated, but told Dean the truth. “As soon as he left earth, right after everything happened with Chuck.” Dean’s expression tightened.
Jack looked even more pained at this. “That’s the thing… I don’t think I can. I tried to summon up the power to… shake the Empty like I did before, but it won’t work. I can’t do it,
“How do you just…become happy?” Jack asked. Dean got the impression he wasn’t just asking about Cas.
, but it felt entirely new. It didn’t matter now, but he wished it had been Dean that he had kissed against the filthy wall in Crowley’s warehouse all those years ago. But, no. This, here, was far better than it could have been then. The bed was soft, and Dean deserved soft, he deserved to be treated gently, lovingly.
Sam clapped Dean on the shoulder and nodded slightly towards Cas, raising his brows in question. Dean rolled his eyes and debated teasing Sam about Eileen after all. Sam was saved by Cas and Eileen joining them, both laughing in a way that made Dean slightly nervous.
And suddenly, he was there. About a hundred feet away, a pile of tan trench coat struggling to rise from the ground.
“Adam?” Dean asked. Even as his heart sunk, he thought that this seemed too easy. Just when Dean needed an ally, the Archangel Michael had just ridden in on his brother.
“This is the last thread that needs tying off, I encourage you to not pull any more loose.” He looked at Dean when he said this, and then at Sam.
“I’ll watch over you,” Castiel replied. The tips of Dean’s ears burned red, and he remembered a reply to that same offer, years ago.
“Yeah…” Dean looked down at the hand resting on his shoulder. He bit his lip and looked away. “Doesn’t seem like something I should’ve left hanging though.”
Despite his earlier comments, he hadn’t intended to become so distracted as to not notice Sam’s approach.
There was a hum echoing through his mind, a reverberating, beautiful and horrible chorus of noise. It was familiar; this had been the soundtrack of his life since before the advent of humanity. It used to feel as natural as flying. It had been a while since either of those things had come naturally to him. Now the noise felt oppressive after so long being locked out of it.
He picked it up while attempting to extract himself from Dean’s arms, then quickly gave up when Dean refused to budge with a disgruntled sound of protest and mumbled a few words that almost definitely included “fucking” “phone” and “off”.
Castiel decided to let that one slide, even though he knew Dean would never have returned the courtesy had Castiel thrown perfectly good joke fodder into his lap. He steered the conversation back to Dean’s original concern.
As dusk settled in, Castiel sat at the kitchen table while Dean made supper, filling him in on the new mechanics of heaven and the status of his friends and family up there. As he spoke, he watched the long lines of Dean’s body move with practiced ease around the kitchen, the beauty of his hands as they chopped and washed.
Just before coming to this place, he’d walked along a long stretch of beach with Mary. He told her of his grief, of Jack’s grief, over her passing. Of how it had broken Sam, and shattered Dean. Of his guilt, his responsibility. To that, she’d shot him a look like he’d grown an extra head (Castiel quickly checked that he did, indeed, still appear to her as a human man, and not a multi-headed celestial form).
Dean released Castiel’s head and Castiel briefly met Dean’s wide eyes, long enough to receive a nod of permission before turning to stand beside Dean, facing Sam.
And now he was at the end, and he realized that he’d failed. Cas thought he was good, but he was still the same grunt he’d always been. Still hunting down vampires, still willing to torture to get what he wanted. He remembered a flash of a different life, a world that hadn’t come to be.
His head was slumped forward slightly, but he lifted it when Dean called his name, rushed forward to catch him as he wavered slightly where he stood.
, the same honey coloured hair and bright eyes and sleek white-gold wings that fluttered when he was excited. Only now, they were folded carefully behind his back, and the power he exuded was greater even than he’d possessed at the height of his power. He certainly wasn’t dead like Castiel, but he wasn’t the same either.
Castiel figured that Dean had demonstrated enough initiative for the night and took pity on the man, laying himself under the proverbial bus instead.
Well, that shouldn’t be surprising. There were many times that he’d made it entirely clear to Dean, at least it had seemed, what his priority was, what the true center of his universe became the moment Dean’s soul had reached out to him in the pit. He remembered Metatron taunting him with it years ago.
“I’d like to take you on a date,” Dean murmured into Cas’ neck. “Dinner, dancing… lying out under the stars,” he kissed a path along his neck as he spoke.
Jack held Castiel’s gaze, brow furrowed, and then looked down at his feet guiltily.  “What should I do then?” He sounded small, childlike again.
Castiel held Dean’s gaze for a long moment, and then sighed heavily. “I don’t know, yet. It’s one of the things I need to figure out. Quickly, if possible. There’s just, a few factors to consider. Jack, mostly.”
“Yeah, I've started to get that, recently. I’m not… human, but I’ve started to understand the human condition is something of a balancing act. I haven’t quite perfected it yet.”
Hope you enjoyed getting to hear from a few other characters this chapter! I really didn't intend to bring Rowena in, but I'm glad I did, I love to see my boys have friends.
“It doesn’t bother me if other hunters don’t like me, or trust me. Doesn’t really bother me what the angels think either. I only care what you think, Dean. Just you and our family. That’s how it’s been for years,” Castiel said softly.
“I tried to kill your kid, Cas. You’re saying that—that roadside diner meals and movie nights and bad jokes makes up for that?”
His arm was badly burned, with the hand that had held the Sword a shriveled black thing, dead, scorched. It reminded Jack of the plant in the silo, the one he had accidentally burnt.
“Jack became God,” Dean began slowly, “by taking something from Chuck, whatever the essence of him was that made him all powerful, he just sort of… consumed it. But Chuck was still there, he’s still some
“If you’re worried about telling Sam about us, you don’t have to. Though I doubt he’d have a problem with it.”
to feel those things for Castiel. Mentally, he’d decided not to, even if his emotions and body didn’t quite fall in line. Was it his upbringing, his lifetime of trauma, his self-hatred that drove that decision? A desperate part of Castiel always hoped that was the case, as terrible as the thought made him feel. The alternative, the thing that Castiel was terrified of facing, was that Dean could never accept those feelings for Castiel, because of what Castiel
“That was you trying to be supportive?” Dean screwed his face up in apparent disgust. “Dude, kinda homophobic way to show support.”
Dean laughed in spite of himself, catching on to Castiel’s change of mood. “Hey, I can hold my own when duty calls,” he said, and then seemed to immediately regret it when Castiel moved to stand.
“No. I’m sorry. This is on me, I’m the reason Castiel made the deal. This is… another thing I’ve taken from you, Sam. From Dean.”
Dean licked his lips, and glanced back at the stove top, quickly flipping the pancake that had been quietly burning as he’d stared at Cas.
“It takes a bit of preparation; we need a space above ground first of all, and ideally a place where there’s plenty of room. There’s a
Okay, this felt a little bit better. A little easier. How many times had they had serious conversations just like this? Dean in the driver’s seat, Cas sitting shotgun.
“Aye, which is good news for you. It ought to be childplay, fittingly, for Jack to extract the power from his own self.”
, Cas had loved him, had believed him to be better than he was. Tears welled up in his eyes, and Dean roughly rubbed at them with the heels of his palms.
Dead nodded, grinning broadly, feeling a bit like he could fly as he stared at Cas’ face, his eye’s full of confused amazement.
. How long had it been since the heavenly host sang out their contentedness? It was before the fall of Lucifer, he was almost certain. The early days of creation, when the angels might still have been justified in calling each other
When Castiel had first awoken into a bright void, he registered nothing but that his surroundings were undeniably different from the darkness that had plagued him months or days or moments before.
She caught Castiel’s eye, apparently he’d been watching them a little too blatantly, and mistook his raised eyebrow for interest in her theory. She beckoned him closer, and he glanced around for an escape route before deciding this was the most painless path. He supposed it wouldn’t hurt to be aware of the tide of public opinion on a matter so integral to himself.
“You’ve been way off since—since that day, and not like you usually are when this kind of thing happens. Something’s different.”
“A happy life—Cas, how the hell was I supposed to have a happy life? God, I tried, I pulled every trick in the book,” he kept his voice low, the words grinding out, and Cas knew that he’d be shouting if he wasn’t trying so hard to keep calm with Sam in the next bed. “I said all the right crap about living for those we lost, I made my bed in the morning, I ate so much goddamn pie I almost puked. And what’d that get me? Death by nail in some goddamn barn with
When the thing wearing Jack replied now, it lost some of its cool composure. “Him? Cas, what’s wrong?”
“Castiel was unusual for an angel, unique even,” Michael mused. “In the abstract, angels “love”, we love our creator and our brothers and sisters and our father’s creation, but we don’t have much practice in applying it outside of the abstract. Castiel chose to love. It isn’t the easy choice.”
Dean laughed, a slightly choked, nervous sound, and Castiel could see the deep flush stretched over his cheeks, the tips of his ears.
It had always been easier to tell Cas how he was felt when he couldn’t see him, when he could pretend that he might not be listening. This time, he hoped more than anything that Cas could hear him.
I would looovvee for Julian Richings to return! Lisa Berry is obviously so fabulous as Death, but I cannot get over the gravitas that Julian brought to the role.
“I’ll keep watch,” Michael told them as he settled at the table by the window. Dean thought of the times that Cas had told him that he’d “watch over” him, of how personal, how intimate it always felt, how much it would make his insides squirm with some unknowable feeling. This felt nothing like that.
Any thoughts of softness flew from Castiel’s mind at the sound of Dean’s moan in response to Castiel pressing hot, open mouthed kisses to his throat. His grip on Dean’s hair tightened as his body responded in earnest and he let out a sound like a growl, which only seemed to encourage Dean further, as he recaptured Castiel’s mouth. Suddenly it was unbearable to be separated from Dean by not only superfluous clothing, but bedsheets too. Castiel’s mouth stayed locked on Dean’s as he tore the blankets away and replaced them with his own body, covering Dean entirely.
“Oh, uh,” Dean cleared his throat. “I dunno, just felt right, I guess. ‘S your name, how you introduced yourself, how I introduce you.” He dragged his bottom lip between his teeth, looking down at the name and avoiding Cas’ eyes.
Jack thought about that for a moment. “I feel…sad. But also relieved. And tired. And thankful. I have a family I love, and the world isn’t ending. And even the ones who aren’t here, I know I loved them, and they loved me. I think.” Jack traced the wood grain of the table, eyes downcast. “I’m not sure it worked, I don’t feel much different.”
He looked to Michael, who nodded and vanished from sight. To the others, he gestured towards the front doors.
Feel free to leave comments about anything by the way, even if you just want to rant about the last episode or talk about spn in general--it doesn't need to be about this fic at all! I don't really use social media much and never get to talk about supernatural irl, so this is super fun for me to feel like I'm interacting with other people who are as into this mess as much as I am <3
“And when I do, you’ll—what, be flitting around, spry as the day we met? You used to look older than me, you know.”
Dean sucked his teeth while he considered that. “I just…” Dean sighed, bracing his hand over his mouth. “I wanna fix it. But the kid’s
In another life, Castiel often came up to the roof on slow nights when every other soul in the bunker was asleep, when his wings couldn’t get him any closer to the stars and he felt desperately homesick for a home he’d never had.
It was like this realization was enough to seal away all the anxiety and horror and pain. A wave of calm, focused determination replaced them.
Dean knew exactly what Cas had meant. It was the same thing that Dean wanted, that Dean couldn’t have, because it didn’t make sense that Cas would want that too. So Dean had never let either of them have the one thing that would have made Cas happy. How long had he wanted it? If Dean had said something years ago, the empty never could have used it as a bargaining chip now.
now, as you said. It’s not just the power—which is bad enough, no one should be burdened with that much responsibility,” Castiel gazed into the middle distance feeling utterly helpless. “It’s more than that, he has the notion in his head that he needs to—to atomize himself, to merge with the universe. He says God should be in everything, and he’s not
Castiel sighed, feeling the anger leak out of him. He wasn’t happy about what Dean had done, but the truth was the Dean and Jack’s relationship was so tattered at this point that this was just one more blow amongst many, one more thing that they'd have to sort out, if the opportunity arose. “I can’t absolve you of your guilt over your relationship with Jack, but I can assure you that he doesn’t resent you. He loves you just as much, regardless of the damage done. And I don’t think that you’re the reason he left.” These things, at least, were true, even if he could offer little more to make Dean feel better. He wasn’t sure he wanted to anyway, about this.
Castiel smiled. He knew that Dean was hiding a few deep insecurities under his flippant tone, but this was the sort of thing Castiel had become remarkably adept at over the years, wading through Dean’s bullshit to pull him back to shore.
If he did, if he managed to lift his foot, move forward, lift his hand, knock…he’d be assuming his place in their lives. He’d be asking for shelter, for acceptance, for
“I’d like that,” Cas spoke against his lips before capturing them in an all consuming, soul-searing kiss.
“I did was I was meant to, I followed my father’s plan. I was meant to bring absolute peace to earth, and I knew that when that happened, the chaos would end, and only perfection would remain.”
“Cas, I’m looking for you, buddy, I’m here. I know you think you’re in this place for the long haul, but I need you to come home.”
“I was considering that, though I’d prefer to avoid any unnecessary trips to hell if possible. Celestial politics. I imagine I’m already stirring the pot with some of the angels by being on earth as it is.”
Dean rose from his seat and Jack followed suit, clearly waiting for a signal that he could catch Dean in a hug. Jack buried his face in Dean’s chest, and Dean awkwardly patted his head. “I’ll try to make you proud, too,” Jack mumbled.
Castiel sealed the space between them, pressing his lips against Dean’s and raising his hands to clutch at Dean’s jacket, pulling him firmly against him. Dean’s hand slid into his hair and the kiss was more than just a kiss, it was the sealing of a covenant, a joyful hymn, a whispered invocation. It was the dawn of a new day, and the close to a very old story. It was too much, and far too little.
Jack squared his shoulders and tried to meet Dean’s eyes. When he spoke, he sounded as if he’d practiced what he wanted to say.
“No offense guys, but these eggs are disgusting,” Adam commented. Dean laughed, glad to see some indication that Adam might pull through okay. He patted Jack on the back. “Sorry kid, not everything is improved by sugar.”
His worries were unfounded, however. Dean was shoving a spare pillow into a fresh pillowcase and placing it on the empty side of his bed before he turned around, looking slightly startled to see Castiel in the doorway.
“You should head down to Ohio. There’s a barn just east of Canton, two miles outside the town limits. Sam and Dean were on a hunt, and… well, I think Dean needs your help.”
Sam snorted. “I remember,” he said, likely recalling Dean’s red face when she’d said to call her if things didn’t work out. Things certainly had worked out, but he didn’t think she would mind the call either way.
“Yes, I think we may have pinpointed Chuck’s hamartia. He needed so badly to insert himself into the story, that he made himself vulnerable. I don’t believe he could simply hide his godliness, after all, how does one hide their power when power is all they are? So what I think is that he separated the power from the sentience that made Chuck “Chuck”, allowing him to fully integrate himself into the story. I suppose he must have had to maintain some sort of tether to his powers, but I think when you met him, he largely was what he seemed, albeit with a true treasure trove of cosmic force on the backburner. Even once he reintegrated his power, that divide never reconciled.”
“Hi, Anna, I’m Dean." He put on his most charming smile and reached out his hand for a shake. Anna returned the smile, and when their hands met, Dean made sure to hold on slightly longer than would normally be socially acceptable. He also gently swiped his thumb back and forth on the back of her hand twice before letting her go.
“Maybe he did this with the omega before you. Maybe she told someone about it,” Jo speculates. “I’ll try to find out.”
By the time the cookies finish cooling, the boys rushed to taste them. “These are disgusting!!” Balthazar screeched.
“Come on, slowpoke!” Anna yelled back at him. While he’d been thinking about yesterday, he hadn’t noticed Anna start to pick up the pace. He gave Midnight a quick tap on his flanks to switch into a trot. He caught up to her when they reached the opening to the beach. Anna stepped down off of her horse and grabbed the reins. Castiel did the same, and they led their horses over to the post that was there for people who wanted to spend time on the beach after a ride.
“Fine, I’ll admit it,” Castiel says. “Zar and Gabe have something fantastically nasty planned, but it has nothing to do with you.” Dean looks wary. “Tormenting you was so September,” Castiel continues. “It’s
“She’s just my friend too, Dean,” Castiel replies, perplexed. Oh. He must’ve read that wrong. He takes another small step forward so he’s fully in Castiel’s personal space now, and the other boy has nowhere to go.
Castiel stays silent for a moment and then nods. “Yes.” Dean’s pretty numb to the earth-shattering revelations by this point, but it still hurts more than he thought it would to have it confirmed. Castiel is one of them. The Alpha he’s connecting with more than he’s ever connected with someone before is a member of the secret police. He can’t help the laugh that bursts out of him. The whole thing is so ridiculous. “Now, go to sleep,” Castiel says again. “Before I report you.”
“I was thinking…” Amelia begins slowly, and he suddenly doesn’t want to know what she was thinking. Whatever it is can’t be good if she’s struggling to say it. “I know back in Illinois we had talked about your… sexual needs.” She blushes.
His movements stuttered as he got distracted, but Cas quickly got him back on track with a quick nip to his lower lip that made him whine. Dean pulled back and saw that Cas was smiling playfully. He looked almost smug at being able to pull that noise out of him, but two could play that game.
?” Balthazar yelled. He slammedd his locker shut, grabbed his tennis racket, and ran out of the room. Crowley and Gabriel took off behind him. Castiel was once again left standing alone wondering what just happened.
. Castiel wasn’t going to think about that. He wasn't going to think about what would happen if Alistair got the kid alone.
“We don’t have Thanksgiving traditions, because this is our first real Thanksgiving since our mom died,” Sam explains. Dean finally looks up at Cas and sees that he looks upset. He quickly looks over at Naomi and Chuck, and they just look confused.
The intruder moved towards him again, and Dean was able to catch him by surprise with the pen, stabbing him in the side with it. The man grunted and fell backwards a bit. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Castiel standing in the doorway watching the fight with his mouth open wide in shock. Dean advanced on the man, and now that he had caught him by surprise, he was able to stab him with the pen two more times in the chest and then once in the hand, causing him to finally drop the knife. He kicked it out of the way and then punched the intruder hard enough that he fell backwards over the desk.
Dean knows what he means. He’s going to have Dean pretend to be Alfie and see if they can trick the unsub. He gets up and walks over to the other side of the table where the phone is. Castiel unmutes it. “Hello?” Dean tries to make his voice a bit higher than it would normally be since Alfie’s voice is pretty high. “This is Alfie.” Silence. “This is Alfie,” he says again.
In the past, raiders have held control of the Combat Zone, but a couple years ago the Gunners took it over. The Gunners were a mercenary group similar to raiders except they tended to be more organized and more skilled at fighting. They took no prisoners, and they’d do anything to turn a profit. When the Gunners took over the Combat Zone, they’d offered Castiel a place in their organization because they saw how adept he was a fighting. Castiel turned the offer down because he knew that once someone became a Gunner there was no getting out. Even though he’d been running with raiders for the past ten years, he didn’t plan on doing it forever. Some day he wanted to get out and try to live a normal life. Raiders wouldn't be happy if he chose to leave, but it wouldn't be an automatic death sentence like it would be if he'd joined the Gunners.
“Let’s sit down,” Naomi said and gestured to the table. She had her party-hosting smile on, and Castiel tried his best not to roll his eyes. “Castiel, why don’t you sit down there next to Dean?” She said innocently, and this time Castiel did roll his eyes. He had a few ideas of his own about where his mother should sit.
“You don’t remember being whipped?” Castiel couldn’t believe that a person could forget something like that.
There was a sealed-up window a floor below him with a tiny ledge that he could potentially fit his feet into. There was also the roof of the building about six feet above him. If he could get up onto the roof, he could potentially make it across to the next building over. It also looked to be five stories tall. He decided the second option was the better bet. He stood on top of the rickety railing to try and get high enough to where he could reach the edge of the roof and pull himself up. Unfortunately, the old partial fire escape broke under his weight, and the bank bag slipped off of his shoulders and fell five stories onto the snow. Shit.
“It’s okay. You’re safe here,” the man said with a smile as if he could read his mind. “My name is Garth. Who are you?”
“The victim told the insurance company he thought they were worth over fifty thousand dollars,” Jo says, and Gabriel looks back up at her. That’s definitely a possible motive.
Charlie looked down. “You know I can’t tell you that, Benny, but I can give you a way to scramble the signal while you’re not following your orders. Sometimes we lose signal naturally, so nobody will think anything of it unless you keep it off for too long.” Charlie handed him something that looked like a pager. “Press this button when you want to scramble the signal.” She pointed to a small button on the side of the device. “We need to fix this, and we need to fix it to where nobody knows what we’ve done. If they find out we’ve been trying to help Dean, there will be prices on all of our heads.”
Her face hardens, and her hand finds his wrist in a painful grip. She drags him forcibly out of the room, and Dean looks up to see Castiel standing in the hallway staring towards him sadly. He must either have heard their conversation or is able to guess why Mistress Abbadon has suddenly flown into a rage. Since Abbadon is an Alpha she’s able to easily drag him up the stairs as he tries to keep up with her. When they get back to his room, she forcibly flings him into it, and he falls down onto the ground with a pained cry.
He nods. “Have you heard about anyone else from Purgatory?” He sees Ofmarv look at him out of the corner of her eye. She’s probably annoyed that they’re talking when they’re not supposed to, but tough shit. He hasn’t seen any of his friends since he finished his training. “I saw Ruby a couple weeks ago,” he continues. “She had a miscarriage.”
He pulled up to the school and saw there was a crowd gathered outside. He parked the car and headed over to where everyone was standing. Children started walking out of the school holding all of their books while men dressed all in black stood by making sure the crowd stayed orderly. When Castiel got closer, he could tell that the men were holding guns. That instantly made him nervous.
Dick Roman folded his hands delicately on top of the mahogany wood of his desk. “As unhinged as he is right now, Dean is still the best Letter we have. He didn’t leave any evidence that it was us.” Dick paused as if he was waiting for Crowley to say something, but the English man didn’t seem impressed. “We think Dean will contact us now,” Dick continued. “It’s part of their routine—like behavioral coding. Now that he’s completed the mission, we think he’ll report back in. They always do.”
Blue got up to grab some food for himself out of the cabinet and then sat back down at the table. He looked directly at Dean for the first time since coming back into the room as if he was just now remembering he was there. “Sorry about all of that. That was probably confusing for you.”
The last thing he wants to do right now is talk. Instead, he leans forward and captures Castiel’s lips in a fierce kiss. He walks them back towards the bed until Castiel’s legs hit the back of it. The Alpha grabs Dean by the waist, lifts him up, and spins them around before pushing him back onto the bed.
Before Jo has a chance to respond, a black van skids around the corner and stops suddenly right in front of them. Dean holds his breath as two Guardians, dressed all in black, get out and cross the street to grab a man minding his business and holding a briefcase. The man tries to fight them, but he’s no match for the two of them. They drag him to the van and shove him in the back, closing the doors and speeding away like nothing happened.
It was going to be a tight squeeze, but Dean managed to help Blue remove some of his armor so he was down to his sleeping shorts and undershirt. He quickly removed his own armor down to his underclothes and then got into the sleeping bag behind Blue. He barely managed to zip it up around the both of them. Dean knew he was going to be sweating and overheated lying this close together, but right now all that mattered was getting Blue warmed up. He wrapped his arms around Blue’s chest and felt the other man grab onto him like he was afraid to let go.
When he gets to the BAU, Jo greets him enthusiastically and takes him upstairs to show him his office. He hadn’t actually had a chance to look at it the other day since they’d been called in so abruptly. The space is small and the walls are blank, but Castiel does feel a hint of pride when he sees they’ve already added a plaque to the door with his name on it. He supposes that means he can’t quit now. He thanks Jo and begins to arrange what few things he brought with him around the space. Maybe he’ll be able to fit in here after all.
It’s easier for omegas to survive if they lose that spark, but something about Ofal has him wanting to protect her from that. He likes seeing that hint of defiance in her like when she’d played that little prank on him the other day, asking Benny to go buy salmon after he’d told her he doesn’t like it. He doesn’t want her to lose that. That’s why he didn’t report her the other night after rutting day when she’d blatantly broken curfew. He doesn’t want a black van to take her away and beat that fire out of her.
“Perfect! Now is there anything in particular you want me to plan for?” She asked while taking notes on her iPad.
Castiel just nods and leaves the room. He knows there’s nothing he can do to stop the Alpha when he wants something. However, he does vow to himself that he won’t let the Alpha destroy this willful omega’s fighting spirit.
He thinks for a moment. He doesn’t really have a choice in the matter. There’s always the possibility that Abbadon could report him if he doesn’t stay on her good side. His inner Alpha rejoices at the idea of being able to knot an omega, but his brain feels awful. It’s not that he doesn’t want to go there with Ofal. It’s that he
Blue knocked on the door, the staccato sound of his fist hitting the wood was piercing in the otherwise quiet summer evening. Dean could hear some muffled voices coming from inside the building, and he felt like his stomach was in his throat. He was so nervous. A slot in the door opened up revealing only eyes on the other side. It was probably a bouncer of some sort.
“Language, Winchester,” Coach Singer yells from across the field. That’s what he gets for taking his eye off the ball. Literally.
Dean knows he has to make this speech sound perfect if he’s going to get what he wants. He leans forward in his chair and takes a deep breath. “It has been so hard being locked in my room for weeks,” he begins. “I know Mrs. Rolston is trying to teach me a lesson. I know she’s right to punish me, but it has been such a long time. I’m worried that I’m starting to give up.” Alistair looks up from where he’s been staring at his hands. The only emotion on his face is concern.
Dean cupped his face with one hand and lightly stroked his jaw before leaning in. Their lips met in a way he was now familiar with, but every time his heart started racing as if it was the first time. The noise of the show faded to the background as their tongues intertwined, fitting perfectly together. When they parted for air, Dean immediately brushed his hair to the side and started mouthing at his neck in the way that never failed to get him going.
“I’m not supposed to let any unauthorized personnel back to see the bodies,” the technician responded. “My boss could come back any second.” Dean rolled his eyes and handed over more money. The technician counted it and seemed satisfied. “Right this way.” He led them to a back room and opened up the door labeled number seventeen, but there was no body in the compartment.
He follows her to the living room where all of the wives are gathered around. Betas come in and out of the room bringing in trays full of food, refilling glasses with the spiked juice, and removing plates once they’re empty. “Ofal, what’s going on up there?” Mistress Abbadon asks him.
He stared at the box for a moment before taking a deep breath and opening it. This was the moment of truth. Hopefully there was something inside that would tell him who he was. When he pulled off the lid of the deposit box, his eyes immediately took in the contents. There were contacts containers with cleaning solution. That was odd because he wasn't wearing contacts right now, and he was able to see clearly. He opened up the first contacts case and saw a pair of brown colored contacts. Inside the second case was a pair of blue contacts. He was confused why he would need multiple colors of contact lenses when his own eyes were green, but he shook his head and started cataloging the rest of the box. There was a watch, a couple of credit cards, a train pass for Paris, and finally, a United States passport. With shaking hands he picked up the passport and opened it. Inside was a picture of himself with a name.
?” He asked angrily. “I’ve been talking nonstop for over half an hour now. I ramble when I’m nervous.” The man blushed slightly, and then stared straight ahead again. “Or, I ramble like this when I’m nervous. Anyways, you should just ignore me. I’ll shut up now.”
“I-I was coming to see if you were ready for dinner.” He wasn’t sure why, but something about the wild look in Dean’s eyes caused his heart to race nervously.
After riding for a few minutes, Castiel tapped Midnight again with his foot to start galloping. It was nice and quiet out here, and he felt more relaxed than he had all day with the crisp air blowing through his hair. It was silent except for the sound of the waves lapping against the rocks down below and Midnight’s hooves pounding against the earth. Morningstar Farms was pretty close to the ocean, as was almost everything here, and a lot of the trails had good views of the shimmering water.
He heard Cas exclaim, “Dean, wait!” But it was too late. He turned the picture frame over and saw a picture of himself. He looked younger than he did now, and he was grinning widely at the camera with his arm lovingly wrapped around someone. It was Cas.
“What does this card say?” She held up one of her business cards for him to read. “It says ‘professional party planner’ which means there will be enough candy to have you puking for weeks afterwards. I’ll be in touch.” She turned and walked briskly out of the sun room, her heels clicking on the wood floor with every step.
Dean didn’t answer him, he just stretched and looked around for something to eat to signal that the conversation was over. He couldn’t answer, because he didn’t know what he’d say.
He took a deep breath and headed out to the tennis courts to find that Gabriel and Balthazar were paired up and playing against Crowley and Dean. He was left to find his own partners to play with. He ended up pairing up with a guy named Uriel. He’d never really spoken to the guy. He and Crowley used to call him 'Junkless' behind his back since he always used to change for gym in the bathroom stalls instead of the main locker room like everyone else.
After Dean’s finished getting ready for the day he goes into the common area where Sam is already wide awake and making breakfast. His brother gets up obscenely early to run or bike or whatever it is he does. Dean, on the other hand, can’t string full sentences together before he’s had his coffee. Luckily Sam knows that about him and is already brewing a pot.
He holds eye contact with her for a bit longer since there are no other cars on the street. That spark is still there in those absurdly green eyes. He thinks he’s starting to become obsessed with that spark, but he needs her to let it go. It’s too dangerous.
Dean had felt himself, not quite but almost, relaxing enough to potentially fall asleep after the adrenaline rush of this morning. He’d been on high alert since last night and was running on almost no sleep. As the miles passed by beneath the tires of Novak’s ridiculously silent Prius, he could gradually feel himself starting to calm down. His heart-rate was inching back down to normal, and he could breathe without feeling the tightness in his chest that was there an hour ago.
Castiel looked like he was still scared. Dean watched him gulp like a character in a cartoon. Dean sighed and walked over to the bed to lie down. He knew he probably looked insane, but he felt like there was a sledgehammer in his brain. He put the pillow over his head and told Castiel to continue.
Crowley’s eyes widened comically, and Castiel could feel the others exchanging shocked glances, but he wasn' in the mood to deal with it right now. He looked up towards the opposite end of the wagon and saw Benny and Dean laughing with each other. Dean happened to look up at that moment, and their eyes met. Castiel felt like his blood was heating up, and he looked away before he could start blushing again.
Castiel quickly leaves Sam behind and rushes out of the prison as fast as he can without drawing attention to himself. He’s able to get back out to the SUV and close and lock the door behind him before he breaks down. He can feel the blood pumping in his ears in time with his racing heartbeat. His hands shake as he wipes the sweat off on his navy pants. He looks down at the wedding band on his left hand and moves his right hand so he can hold onto it. Anything to try and ground him.
“I can’t believe he had you guys going for so long on my IMs,” Castiel wondered. Even though he'd been pissed when he found out what Dean had done, he couldn't lie that he was impressed at his neighbor's ingenuity.
“That’s not all, Captain,” Ruby interrupted. “The Boss said that he’ll let them join his crew if they bring him that kid you took.”
“Yes, I am,” Castiel said and then moved forward to lean into Luke’s personal space. Even though Luke was taller than him, he knew he could be intimidating when he wanted to be. “But since you think I’m, quote, ‘slipping’ and that I’m, quote, ‘not in charge like I was last year,’ don’t expect an invitation.” The four of them walked away, leaving two mortified boys and a mangled pumpkin behind them.
Crowley is silent for a moment. “Dean, I’m sorry if I ever made you feel as bad as I feel right now.” He looks down at the ground while he speaks, but Dean can tell he’s being sincere.
Castiel looked pointedly over his way, and Dean tried not to roll his eyes. Was he supposed to pretend he wasn't here or something?
The boys stood barefoot on Crowley’s kitchen counter, straining to unhook the shiny pots and pans that were hanging neatly on their hooks. To their right was a brand new double oven, and to their left was a huge refrigerator with a built in tap for Mr. MacLeod’s home-brewed beer that he worked on in his free time.
Balthazar says he’ll go next. He takes a deep breath, and shoots Dean a small smile that Dean returns.
“There are two,” Castiel answered. “There’s a back exit that opens onto the main street, but the front exit is the best if I can use it.” Dean nodded encouragingly, and he didn’t let his eye contact waver. Castiel got lost for a moment in green until he cleared his throat and looked around them. He’d been so distracted that he hadn’t noticed they’d stopped walking. Now they were standing a few doors down from the hotel. “If I think I’m being followed, I’ll exit the hotel with my hands in my pockets.”
“Bobby Singer,” the man said, reaching his hand out. He looked rough around the edges with a slightly graying beard and a worn-out trucker's cap.
Castiel held up the crime scene photo under the light of his flashlight for Dean to see. “This time he left the rope around her neck instead of taking it with him.” He handed the picture to Dean. “He’s probably in his early twenties.”
When Benny gets back a minute later, he hands Dean a glass of cold water and his suppressants. Benny doesn’t say anything, but Dean can read everything that’s unsaid on his face anyways. Sadness that he isn’t pregnant. Relief that he isn’t pregnant. It’s the same juxtaposition that Dean’s feeling right now.
“The most likely scenario is that during the two year cooling off period the Clover Killer was in prison for an unrelated crime,” Sam says. “He probably met Svenson while they were both doing time, and with Svenson being a younger kid, kind of scrawny and unable to protect himself, they probably formed a relationship.”
Basically I'm super depressed that SPN has officially finished filming, so I'm coping by writing and reading as much fanfic as I can. That's healthy right?
“Present yourself for me, pet,” Alistair says coldly. He doesn’t sound angry, but he isn’t using the soft voice he’d been using with Dean in the previous times they’ve been alone together. Dean’s heartbeat begins to quicken, but he does as he’s told and undresses quickly before getting up on the bed and presenting himself.
Benny must sense him in the doorway because he turns around and rolls his eyes at him. “You always show up when I’m in the middle of something, cher,” Benny chuckles. “Be patient. Let me clean myself up.” Benny goes to clean up his workspace and wash his hands.
Sam gives him a worried look but does as he’s told. Dean manages to get out of Sam’s room and into the hallway before John reaches the top of the stairs.
“The bus driver is a recovering alcoholic,” Dean says. “Just did a few months in rehab, but he seems to be coping well recently.”
“Well, I already gave you my number,” the woman flirted in French, gesturing to the tickets and winking again. “Call me.” Dean looked down at the tickets and noticed there was a scrap of paper with a hastily-written phone number on it.
Castiel gives a quick nod and forced smile, and Mr. Adler goes back to droning on about the importance of Julius Caesar or something else he isn’t paying any attention to. He takes a peek around the room and sees that the entire class appears to be one useless fact away from slipping into a coma. At least he isn’t the only one!
Castiel looked down at the money in his hands to check if it was real. Dean was right that he needed money. With no place to stay and no visa, he was being serious when he yelled at the embassy worker earlier that he would freeze to death. He looked back up at Dean just as a police car siren started up at the far end of the alley they were standing in. Dean flinched and turned his back towards the car. It passed by, and once it was out of earshot, Dean appeared to relax.
“When did you meet her?” Balthazar asked and then turned to check out the crowd of varsity football jocks walking past them. Castiel was happy that Balthazar had become so comfortable in his sexuality. Even though they lived on the east coast, they were kind of in the middle of nowhere. People were more accepting here than he assumed people were in Kansas, but it was still risky to come out as gay during high school.
Gabriel reaches out his hand in greeting, and the officer shakes it. “As far as we can tell, your agent inside the bus is alright,” the officer says, “He hasn’t hurt anyone yet except for the security guard he killed first.”
Castiel is wearing a plain brown t-shirt with a huge ketchup stain on it paired with a pair of XXL sweatpants that he has to hold up while he walks. Crowley has on a pair of skater boy skinny jeans he can barely walk in and a pink breast cancer awareness shirt. Gabriel is wearing an oversized tie-dyed t-shirt over camo cargo pants, and Balthazar has on a brown jacket with an over-the-top amount of fringe and cowboy boots. He calls it his new “rodeo-chic” look, but Crowley calls it “rodeo no, you didn’t!”
Balthazar turned on the radio by the side of the pool, and the same Top 40 playlist that had been playing at the sleepover blasted out from the speakers. He jumped into the pool at the perfect moment to splash all of them. Dean didn't even care that he hated this music. Right now he loved the feeling of the thumping bass in his veins. He was so happy his teeth started chattering. The other boys were splashing around the pool singing as loud as they can when they noticed Castiel standing on the side of the pool with his arms crossed. The laughter faded fast. Balthazar jumped out of the pool and turned the music off.
Of course to Dean, this was his reality. He was born in 2281 which was almost exactly two hundred years after the bombs fell. He’d heard stories of what life was like before, but they seemed like fictions. They were so far away from what life was like now, it was hard to believe them. His mom used to say it was important to keep passing down these stories from generation to generation so that nobody would forget how things were before, but Dean didn't want to think about how things were before. His only interest was in surviving now.
“Because there’s nobody left to enforce them,” Blue explained sadly. “Which is where the police and government come in. They’re the ones who decide the punishments for every law that gets broken and help make sure everyone is doing what they’re supposed to do. If people got caught breaking a law, they could end up going to jail which is basically a place where you’d be locked away from the outside world until you paid off your crime. Different laws required different lengths of jail time. It’s kind of hard to explain to someone who hasn’t experienced it before.”
“I’m going out with my new friend, Benny,” Dean lied and turned his face back to the TV, hoping Sam didn't call him on it. Before Sam got the chance, Naomi Novak knocked lightly on the front door and let herself in before Dean had a chance to. “My dad isn’t here,” he lied. That was two lies in less than a minute, but in this case he thought it was forgivable. He couldn't exactly tell the wife of his father’s best friend who was generously letting them stay in their massive guest house that his father was currently passed out drunk in the bedroom.
The man looked up at him with an unreadable expression on his face. Dean waited for him to say something, but he just stared at him.
Dean watched as Blue’s eyes grew wide with panic, and he started looking around frantically. “V-vault.” Maybe he was more out of it than Dean initially thought. He had to get the information he needed quickly before Blue lost consciousness again.
“The other way around,” Castiel spoke up from directly behind him. Dean turned around to face him and saw that he was standing way too close to him.
“NO!” They can hear the unsub slam his fist against the side of the bus from across the phone. “One tech...technician ONLY! Or I kill every agent on this bus.” He hangs up the phone without giving Castiel a chance to respond.
The morning light streamed through the doors of the Purgatory Training Center as Dean rushed through the hallways looking for Aunt Hester. It was vital to their plan that he find her while the rest of the omegas were in their morning prayers. He could hear them praying out loud led by Aunt Naomi. This was the moment he and Charlie had been waiting for.
Dean walks over to Svenson’s bathroom and starts looking through all of his personal items. Charlie is right. He needs to get inside this guy’s brain if he wants to have any chance of cracking his password. He feels Castiel following behind him. Dean opens up the medicine cabinet and pulls out a prescription bottle of Lunesta. Svenson must have trouble sleeping. He raises his eyebrows at Castiel and then heads back into the bedroom before lying down on Svenson’s bed.
Dean's green eyes widened, and he let out a nervous laugh as if he couldn't believe what he just heard. “I practically live with you, Castiel, you can’t force me to go away no matter how hard you try to.”
Dean knows what they’ve been planning to do to Crowley later is wrong, but he can’t find a way to get himself out of it. If he did, Castiel might kick him back out of his friend group, and he doesn’t want that to happen. Castiel had just officially invited him to become a B.L.U. which stands for “Boy Like Us,” now that Crowley has been dumped from the group. Dean isn’t going to turn that down after he’s worked so hard to be accepted by them.
, Dean thought. Strange, beautiful man that Dean couldn’t stop fantasizing about touching and doing all sorts of things he'd never done before with.
A few minutes later he heard a tentative knock on the door. “Cassie.” It was Gabriel. “We’re going to start setting up the gazebo. Are you coming?”
Dean was still mostly in the shadows, but there was enough light on his face for Benny to see that he looked confused. That didn't make sense. He had to know that the Letters had been sent after him. He already killed Gordon.
“Do you want me to buy you something, Zar?” Gabriel asks. Shit, Castiel totally forgot about Balthazar’s parents being poor. His joke must’ve sounded so insensitive. Balthazar must be upset that he can’t afford holiday clothes. He’s not mad at him.
“That’s a good point.” Blue leaned back in his chair. “It’s hard for me to trust you though because you always have that look on your face like you’re about to do something stupid.” Dean glared at him. “Yeah, that one.”
“Speaking of opposites,” Abaddon said, looking between him and Castiel in a way that made him slightly uncomfortable.
“Just folks looking for a new home,” Rufus starts. “I’ve been with them since Quincy. Lexington looked like a good place to settle for a while, but ghouls drove us out of there. A month ago there were twenty of us. Yesterday there were eight, and now we’re five. It’s just me and Bobby, Inias and Hester Angel, and Missouri Mosely.” Lexington is a bigger city not too far away from Concord. Castiel and Amelia used to go there on their date nights since there was a better selection of restaurants and activities to choose from. His parents worked at the big Corvega Assembly Plant on the outskirts of the city.
“Thanks,” he muttered, unsure what to say. He was saved from having to humiliate himself further when Dean licked a stripe up his cock from the base all the way to the head. Dean gripped the base with his hand and started slowly jacking him off while he took the head into his mouth. The sensation of wet
Dean was about to hang up when he remembered something. He quickly dumped out the bank bag onto the desk, looking for the French passport that had only the front page and a name on it. “Could you look up another name for me?” He asked, pulling up the passport. “Dean Michael Cain.”
He throws his backpack on and sprints through the halls. He knows Crowley’s limo is waiting in the parking lot, and he doesn’t want to be the last person to arrive. Dean wouldn’t put it past them to leave without him.
Dean turned onto another street and had to quickly hop the curb onto a sidewalk when he realized he was going the opposite way on a one-way street. The sidewalk was wide enough for the car, and he was able to avoid the traffic coming towards him. A few people had to scramble to get out of the way, but he didn't slow down. “Sorry, Cas,” he apologized when Castiel shrieked and covered his eyes. “I only had a few seconds to look at the map.”
Dean and Charlie walked briskly down the ramp leading away from the Purgatory Training Center. The first part of their escape plan had gone almost perfectly. Now they just had to figure out how to get out of the country.
Ash pulled up a picture of Castiel Novak onto the main screen. The first thing Sam noticed was that his eyes were very blue. “His father is Charles Novak, head of the infamous Novak crime family. He has ties to Putin as well as other prominent political figures throughout Russia and Europe. The Novaks are related to Lucifer Morningstar as well. Castiel is his cousin.”
Castiel looks at the room full of police officers all taking notes. Sam and Jo are taking notes as well. The two of them are constantly trying to learn, which Castiel appreciates. He’s still not sure how he feels about working with Dean, but he’s very happy with the rest of his team.
“To say the least,” Dean chuckles. “One sick fuck whose motive is to kill. Not injure or make a political statement. Kill.” The two of them look at each other quietly as the seriousness of the situation fully sinks in. This is going to happen again soon if they can’t figure out who the bomber is.
“We’re practicing our poses for the Bangor Tourism magazine shoot,” Crowley explains, holding up a camera. Castiel turns to glare at Balthazar and Gabriel, raising his eyebrows to silently ask why they’d ruin their revenge plan. Crowley wasn’t supposed to know they were going to crash the shoot. They were supposed to shock him by just showing up. It was all about stealing his spotlight like he’d done first to them. Now that plan was ruined. Balthazar looks away sadly, and Gabriel just shrugs, stuffing a piece of candy in his mouth.
It’s Dean’s turn to gasp when he feels Castiel’s nose rub lightly against his neck while he scents him. He hears Castiel groan behind him, and it sends a shiver down his spine. “Do you like it?” Dean asks softly.
Charlie’s and Dean’s jaws both dropped simultaneously. “What did you call us?” Dean asked, outraged.
He remains kneeling, and Ofmarv has to bend down to help him stand up on shaking legs. “Ofal? Are you okay?” she asks. He nods because there’s nothing else to say at this point.
“You don’t do anything, and women throw themselves at you,” Sam says wondrously. He sounds like he’s a mix between jealous and disgusted.
“How familiar are you guys with Larry Pike?” Gabriel asks, looking in the rear-view mirror at the agents. Castiel is in the passenger seat. Sam is in the middle row next to Dean, and Jo is in the way-back with Jessica. They look like they’re about to head off on a wacky family vacation. Jessica doesn't really need to be here since they don't have to worry about controlling the media in this case, but Gabriel wants her to shadow them so she can see how things are done.
He felt a wave of guilt and shame crash over him, and it hurt so much that it made him gasp. Blue looked at him with concern, but he had no idea what was going on inside Dean’s head right now. Blue continued to watch what was happening on the street below, but he did wrap his arms around Dean’s shoulders and stroked his arms soothingly.
He felt a warmth on his back and then realized it was because Dean was leaning over him. He must be pretty flexible if he could keep moving his fingers inside him and hover over him to kiss the back of his neck at the same time. “I can’t wait to get inside of you, Cas,” Dean whispered in his ear. “Gonna fill you up so good.”
Dean feels like he should be pissed, but he’s mostly just hurt. He can’t help but feel like Castiel took advantage of him a little bit. He looks up at Abbadon and sees that she’s still waiting for his reply. He sighs. It’s not like he has a choice. “Alright,” he whispers.
Alistair’s hand stops in mid-air for a second before it continues putting away the poker chips. “Where did you hear that?”
Dean straddled the intruder to keep him from standing up. He was still conscious but only barely. Dean grabbed him by the hair, pulled his head up, and then shoved it back onto the floor with a thump. “Who are you?” The man coughed up blood. “Who are you??” Dean repeated, slamming his head against the floor again.
“Trust me, we’re in the best position,” Castiel replies. “Right after we go, the audience votes so they’ll have ours at the front of their minds.”
Hearing Mr. Winchester shout like that at his son had been scary. He’d never heard an adult raise their voice like that, especially not at their own child. Obviously he knew some parents were abusive or drank too much, but he’d never witnessed it in person. He was about to run back to the main house to go get his dad when Dean had stumbled out of the house, his right arm all bloody.
Castiel assembles a s’more and hands it to Lisa who smiles gratefully and says, “See? Gentlemen still exist.” Castiel shoots a smirk at Gabriel.
Blue didn’t answer, he just turned off the cooking station and started cleaning up their empty bowls.
Claire’s smile returns quickly. “Come on, let’s go get that ice cream!” She excitedly skips out of the room, and Dean allows his face to fall. He feels his eyes welling up, but he can’t cry right now. He needs to be here for Claire in whatever way he can. She has nobody here.
Dean barely stifled a whimper at the feeling of Blue’s stubble against the sensitive skin of his neck. He felt Blue press a couple kisses to the skin below his ear, and then he did whimper quietly when he felt the smallest hint of teeth against his neck. Blue groaned and thrust into him again. “Don’t you dare hide those noises from me,” He whispered against Dean’s ear. “I want to hear you come apart for me.”
“Protect the people at a minute’s notice,” Rufus explained. “That was the original idea anyways. I joined up because I wanted to make a difference, but then things fell apart. Now Bobby and I are the last Hunters left it seems.” Rufus gestured towards another man who appears to be about the same age as he was.
“You should go,” Cas looks down at his feet, his cheeks flushed. Dean feels like he’s been punched. This was a mistake.
“I think our unsub took out the girlfriend as if he was getting rid of a threat. Take her out so he can have Alfie to himself.”
“Soon you’ll be leaving us for new homes,” Aunt Naomi said. “New families! They won’t judge you for your looks or your intelligence... Stop biting your nails!” Aunt Naomi interrupted herself to yell at Meg who instantly dropped the offending appendage back into her lap. The beta took a calming breath before continuing. “They will love you for the gift only you can give them.”
“I don’t know,” he answered with his mouth full. “I’ve thought about it. Part of me feels like that’d be weird though. I don’t know myself, but if I had to guess I’d say I’m probably a loner.” Castiel looked down at his feet when he said that, and when he looked back up at him, there was something Dean couldn't read in his eyes.
“He’s not going to let him go,” Dean says frantically. The hand on his shoulder squeezes him again, and while he appreciates the gesture, it doesn’t negate the fact that his little brother is in danger right now. He takes a step to the side to get away from Castiel.
His door is closed but unlocked. The lock was removed before he got here. Maybe it was a response to something the Ofal before him did or maybe it was a preventative measure. There’s no way for Dean to know for sure. The first week he left the door cracked open a couple inches so he would be able to hear what was happening downstairs, but listening and not being able to participate is actually worse. This week his door has remained shut except for the three times a day when Benny comes in to bring up his food.
Dean walks around the backyard aimlessly while he looks for Benny or any of his friends. He’s still reeling from the full blown make-out session he’d just had with Cas. That was so far beyond practice kissing. It had been incredible, but as usual it left Dean wanting more. Holding Cas on top of him like that had felt so right, and when he’d ground down on him…
He can feel his Alpha’s breath on the back of his neck as he leans over him and thrusts even harder. He moans when every other thrust hits a place deep inside of him that he didn’t know existed. After a while he begins to feel his Alpha’s knot start to expand. Initially his anxiety comes back because of the last time this happened, but he reminds himself that his Alpha is being so gentle and would never hurt him. He breathes and relaxes enough to where his hole can take in the bigger intrusion.
“It’s dark outside,” Dean says. “Nobody is going to notice anything. And if someone says anything, just say it’s the alcohol.” Castiel feels himself start to panic. His chest is tightening, and he's having trouble breathing. “Hey, Cas.” He can hear Dean trying to calm him down, but he can’t focus on anything except the blinding panic. He feels Dean pull him into a hug, and Castiel holds onto him like he’s drowning. “Breathe with me,” Dean whispers. “You can do it.”
“You don’t even know how old I am!” He laughed. Nobody knew how old he was besides Meg, and the only reason she knew was because she figured it out on her own. It wasn't something he told anyone. He'd always been a private person, but it had gotten worse over the past decade or so.
“Midnight, are you okay?” Castiel patted the horse’s neck, and he could feel him shaking underneath him. “We can’t let some random girl beat us, right boy? Let’s go!” Castiel led Midnight down a side path that he knew was a shortcut to the beach. By the time the red-haired girl caught up to him, he was already letting Midnight graze and cool off. “You’re on a private trail,” Castiel informed the girl as she stopped her horse and dismounted.
“Will there be candy?” Dean asked. If he was living anywhere else, he wouldn’t need to ask that question, but here where everyone was obsessed with calories and good impressions, he wasn’t so sure.
“Ofal,” his walking partner breaks him out of his thoughts. “We should keep walking.” He nods, and they walk the rest of the way in silence.
The blue-eyed agent looks sad for a second before he schools his expression. “Now he has two agents hostage,” he sighs and presses the call button. Dean knows he’s going to try and talk this man down.
Sam sits at the conference table with the other members of his team, minus their newest member Jessica. Sam would be lying if he said he hadn’t had his eyes on her for most of the day. She’s attractive and independent and well educated. What’s not to like?
“Fear is funny,” Jo says quietly. “I’ve been here for a long time. At first I was petrified constantly. Seconds away from an anxiety attack at all times.” Dean nods. That’s exactly how he’s been feeling lately. “But then I just… stopped caring. I don’t know if that’s a good thing or a bad thing, but apathy makes it easier I guess. I don’t care anymore.” She looks at him, and he can see it in her eyes. They’re lifeless.
“It’s okay,” she says. “I’m sure you two have loads to talk about these days.” She’s referring to his possible pregnancy of course. He doesn’t feel pregnant, but then again it’s only been a few days since the knotting. “How is Ofmichael doing?”
He opened the folded piece of paper connected to the necklace and saw only one word written on it. Poughkeepsie.
“There’s a period of two and a half years where there were no murders,” Sam said, looking down at the file. “That’s a pretty long cooling-off period. If these last three can be attributed to him, then that would be an extreme escalation after not killing for years.”
“You have no right to tell me what to do, whore,” Alistair spat at her, but Dean could tell he was a little scared having a gun pointed at his head.
“I left all of my raider armor here so that they’d think I was just a farmer boy,” Dean explained. Castiel wanted to point out that Dean
“What is it?” Gabriel asks. Dean points to the screen where Jo is sitting on one of the seats and trying to shield a hostage with her tiny body.
Gabriel passed around dossiers for each of the agents to read. It was a pretty big file since there had been two murders and one abduction as well as the five victims from The Clover Killer. Since they were unsure as of right now if they could link these new cases to The Clover Killer, they would start out treating them as completely separate cases. The most important aspect of profiling was to not get focused on one suspect too early. It was a mistake that law enforcement agencies made a lot, and one that often led to innocent people being railroaded while the actual killer went free.
Castiel had no idea what he meant, but he knew that was a line of bullshit. It was probably something he’d been telling himself for years so he had an excuse not to let himself get close to anyone.
Castiel’s eyes widened. Did that mean he still wanted to? “Y-yes,” was all he managed to get out. Dean pushed the breakfast tray out of the way, crawled closer to him, and met his lips in a searing kiss.
Gabriel chuckles, “Nice work, Cassie.” He tries to pat him on the shoulder again, and this time Castiel lets him. “After I go change my pants, we can meet up with the rest of the team and head home.” Gabriel hadn't actually shit his pants, of course, but his brother always likes to make jokes when he can. The fact that he made one now means he's incredibly relieved this went well when it could've gone much worse. While Gabe walks off to go collect Jo, Sam, and Jessica from where they were sent to get away from the bomb, Castiel stands behind for a moment to collect himself.
Garth’s face was more serious when he replied, “It’ll come back to you. Now, come eat breakfast,” which effectively ended the conversation.
Dean walks down the street with the new Ofmarv in uncomfortable silence. She seems just as dutiful and obedient as Jo used to seem before he got to know her. Is this omega acting too or is she a true believer? It’s impossible to tell. They walk past a Guardian standing still on the corner, machine gun at the ready even though there are absolutely no threats around. Of course there are no threats. Not when every Guardian owns a machine gun.
“No, I need to go tell Dick about the car.” He hung up the phone before Charlie had a chance to say anything else.
“Fuck, Dean,” Blue groaned against his neck. “You make such pretty noises for me.” Dean should complain about any part of him being called ‘pretty,’ but it actually turned him on even more for some reason. He lifted his other leg and wrapped them both around Blue’s back, forcing them even closer together. Blue picked up his pace, and Dean feels himself growing closer and closer to the edge of something. He wasn't sure what was happening, but he was harder than he’d ever been before. He just needed one more push. His hands started pulling at Blue’s clothes, desperately needing to feel some of his skin to help push him over the edge. He was so close now.
“Oh, is everything okay?” She asks, sounding concerned. Dean figured she’d be annoyed or upset, but she sounds genuinely worried about him.
He looked the same as always, eyes blue, hair artfully rumbled, same suit, tie, coat. Only he was bleeding—no, not bleeding, there was no wound. But he had blood on his collar.
They set up shop in the barn, covering it from bottom to top with sigils and ruins transcribed from Jack’s book. It didn’t escape Dean’s notice that it was in a place just like this that he first met Cas, when he greeted him with a knife to the chest. He’d try to make a better impression this time.
up nice and tight,” he said, jostling the still unconscious Crowley with his shoulder, “And you are going to drink more of my bourbon and go to sleep. Got that?” He didn’t wait for a reply as he continued to half drag, half carry the dead weight through the halls.
Leave me a comment to let me know if you're enjoying this! They really are the fuel that drives me to post.
“Well, I’m off,” she announced, effectively returning all attention to herself. “Give me a ring when Jack makes a decision, or have him come chat with Auntie Rowena. I’ll set him right,” she smiled somewhat threateningly, not waiting for a reply before disappearing with a snap.
He repeated the mantra in his head, trying to fill the vast emptiness of his mind with it, so that he could be full again, so that his body might thrum with knowledge and peace again. That was not how human thoughts worked. Castiel remembered how he could think of everything at once, be aware of everything simultaneously and still be present. How he hadn’t bothered to let his thoughts form words before, but rather let them remain a collection of pure knowledge and emotion. As an angel, there was no language that could express all the things that had made up the vast incomprehensibility of the Host and creation, and so they didn’t bother. They used Enochian to communicate with one another, but there were no words in Enochian or any human language to explain all of what
Castiel hummed and leaned into Dean’s touch. “Maybe we are a couple of dumbasses,” he commented with a small smile.
Sam let out a frustrated sound before laughing lightly. “They didn’t include tips on creating an inclusive environment when your brother’s a class A jerk in Gender and Sexuality Studies, dick.”
I'm still editing the next chapter but I swear you will not have to wait months this time. For those of you that have been waiting: I love you and I'm sorry! Reminder in case you missed my earlier update today--I added a prologue and changed a few small details in chapters 1-3.
Dean entered the strange in-between world alone. He could still see the outline of the barn, only just, and it hurt his eyes to look too hard at it. His vision wanted to focus on the foggy darkness surrounding him instead. It got darker as he walked, out of the barn, into the field, and he felt lighter, less corporeal, until he could hardly tell that he was walking on solid ground at all. The noise of the real world was muffled. It was a bit like being in between wakefulness and sleep, when you’re still dreaming but the real world is creeping in.
“Maybe you’ll have a chance to get there,” Mary smiled, and they resumed walking, a twinkle in her eye. “Jack told me that you might go back.”
They’d dropped Sam off at Eileen’s partway through their journey home, leaving Dean and Castiel to finish the ride alone.
I think I'm going to wrap this up with 3 more chapters--expect things with Chuck to be resolved shortly, and then we can get to the good stuff!
Eventually, he found that the steadiness of Dean’s breaths and warmth of his body allowed him to drift into something restful, where he imagined a lake and a dock, and a chair that was no longer empty.
“Lovely to meet you, dearie, I hope you’re getting this one into all sorts of trouble,” she smiled benevolently. Sam signed along for her as well.
“No!” Dean exclaimed. “No that’s not it, I just don’t really know how to talk to the kid about it. Sam already knows, well not knows everything but knows that I love you, and that you, well…” Dean felt bashful, not wanting to put words in Cas’ mouth, especially with him sitting right there.
At around 5 am, Jack sat on the floor beside Dean in the library and picked up a book from the pile beside them. Dean had begun wiping down every shelf and every book in the room after his 17
“Was that okay?” Dean whispered when his trembling had stopped. Castiel smiled and kissed him again.
“Glad you’re back Cas, you have no idea,” she said and signed as they parted. “It’s been miserable here.”
They pulled up to an old Church, illuminated in the moonlight and casting long shadows that stretched to meet them as they stepped out of the car.
Breakfast was only half cooked, but Dean doubted he’d be able to eat a bite until they spoke anyway.
Once the work was done, Castiel found himself standing at the edge of a familiar dock, an empty chair and a fishing rod to his left. The view was beautiful, just as he remembered it from that walk through Dean’s dreams years ago, but it had lost something in translation; Castiel thought it had something to do with the empty chair.
“Look, we don’t have a snowballs chance right now, we don’t have anyone left on the bench. Cutting to the chase, are you here to help?”
Feel free to comment on whatever you'd like! Did you guys like the ep last night?? Spoilers for 15.19 ** I did like the ending they chose for Chuck, but man I hate the thought of Jack not hanging out with the boys in the bunker anymore, or just getting to be a semi-normal kid. Cas is going to be devastated like wtf. I'm 100% percent confident that Cas will be back next ep, like no doubt in my mind, so even though it wasn't the strongest episode (no surprise), it did what it needed to do. I couldn't take the bronlies ending seriously, it honestly felt like a parody to me? Either way I'm excited for next week!
He turned in his seat to face Cas, finding that Cas had already done the same, his left knee resting on the seat between them.
After a few more brief moments in which it felt as if they were both waiting for the other to say something, Dean finally excused himself, mumbling something about putting his bags away.
And Jack—the boy who had only weeks ago bragged to Castiel that he could write his name in cursive, now he flitted through Heaven like he had been doing it his whole (admittedly short) life. Still, with Castiel, the boy was clear beneath the veneer of godliness. As he became more comfortable in his new powers, he seemed more and more like Jack, like his son.
“He’s still Jack. And if you wished to tell him something, he’d hear it.” Castiel squeezed his hand.
He leaned towards Cas slightly, hoping that he might steal another kiss (and when did kissing start to feel so monumental?), but footsteps outside the kitchen made Cas pull his hand away and quickly resume dish drying.
Dean realized the truth of his words as he said them. If this had been anyone but Cas, the thought of coming out in his forties would have seemed impossible. But it
“You already know that, I’ve told you that, and I mean it, and I wasn’t sure if you’d want to hear that again or if we should just ignore it.” That felt too rambling, but it was too late to reign it back.
Dean swallowed and bowed his head out of Castiel’s light touch. He tilted his head back, sighing at the dark sky.
“Probably, in some ways,” Dean muttered. He just didn’t know yet whether they’d be good ways or bad ways. Hopefully he’d want to stick around more, but who knows? Maybe his unwavering loyalty was an angelic trait and he’d want to get out and expand his horizons.
“Let’s go back,” Dean said, a smile still playing on his lips and his eyes sparkling in the starlight.
But Cas already knew, abstractly, that Dean loved him. And now confirmation that he loved him, along with the decades old knowledge that Dean desired him, carnally. Love and lust should equal something obvious, like the most basic equation, but Castiel knew that for Dean, that wasn’t necessarily the case.
“Would you mind if I read in your room while you rest?” Castiel asked, hopefully managing to project more confidence than he truly felt at the moment.
“You’ll see him again. I think we should be glad that you have some time between now and then,” Cas reached out and laid a hand on Dean’s shoulder and squeezed lightly.
Rowena tutted as she sat primly in a seat at the map table. “Some boys will do anything to get their beau’s attention.”
Jack replied patiently, as if all he was saying was very simple, and Castiel was being obtuse. “Because it isn’t my place anymore. I’m God, so I can’t live on earth. Amara is here with me, and we need to become one with the universe, let ourselves merge into creation.”
He turned his body towards his neighbours, making a point to open his posture as he man across from him did, one arm on the table and the other slung over the seat back. He had never been so aware of his own rigidness until he was actually able to feel the strain of sitting perfectly upright. And he didn’t want to risk suspicion of his own alien nature.
Cas looked over at Mary, who was watching him with a softness in her eyes. Even when Dean was halfway to hating Mary, Castiel could never bring himself to feel anything but appreciation and sympathy for her. He hadn’t said as much to her, but he felt a certain affinity for her situation. A being supplanted into a life that she didn’t fully understand, with people and responsibilities she couldn’t comprehend. He sometimes thought that she felt the same way about him, that despite being a different species, they shared a challenging role as outsiders to Sam and Dean’s life that united them.
He tilted Dean head down, and laid gentle kisses against Dean’s closed eyelids, a blessing, a final Amen to complete this long-awaited prayer.
He couldn’t see anymore, his vision completely blacked out. But as he slipped into unconsciousness, he thought he heard a sound that he hadn’t heard in years. A rustling of wings. It was a good sound to die to.
Dean couldn’t even bring himself to mentally agree with Sam. It was like something shut off in him when he even came near the topic of
“N-no,” Dean gave a breathless laugh. “No, this is. This is good. Great. Awesome. I just, uh,” he swallowed, visibly gathering his composure. “Are you…” his brow furrowed and he looked much more serious, enough that Castiel moved off of him entirely, settling propped up on his side.
“We both know she’s never actually been interested in me in that way,” Castiel ran his hand along Dean’s arm.
Cas held Dean’s hand in both of his, tracing his thumb over Dean’s knuckles. “I don’t think Jack will be surprised. He asked me once why you and I don’t ever go out on dates like in the movies.”
He thought about going into the bunker, with no apocalypse to distract him, seeing the empty chair in the library that Cas favoured on those long nights of research while the rest of them slept. He thought of going into the kitchen and remembering the way that Cas would sometimes be standing there, carefully preparing a cup of coffee for Dean when he wandered in on slow mornings. Of Cas politely taking a few bites of the pancakes Dean put in front of him at the kitchen table. Of Cas standing at his bedroom door with two beers in his hands, waiting to be invited in.
happy, in a way. He had no more secrets weighing him down, no more anxieties or shame. He had his old family here, happier than they had ever been, and Jack to guide, and to learn from. Even some of the human friends he’d known on earth, long since passed. He spent time with Bobby, telling him stories about the last few years of Dean and Sam’s lives, sharing a beer over the bar of the Roadhouse with Ellen and Jo, who traded stories about Ash’s heavenly escapades, shared thoughts about how this Heaven could operate. He'd visited Charlie, who told him about how she'd reunited with her family, and gently pestered him about why he wasn't back on earth yet.
Castiel looked over at him sharply. “Well, no. You tried to turn him into a god-killing bomb without my consent, while Sam and I were still looking for a way to spare him.”
He placed his hand against Dean back, around the rebar, and hauled Dean’s limp body up and off as quickly as possible. The squelching noise it made was horrific, and Dean, even in his state, let out a shuddering breath, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth.
Cas always came back, and when he did, Dean wouldn’t fuck it up again. He would get him back, and then he’d tell him everything that he’d been too scared to say before.
With Jack’s promise to reserve any decisions on his plans to leave for a later time, Castiel let himself feel proud of Jack’s accomplishments. He had become capable of more than Castiel had believed possible, and was still
Dean trailed off, closing his eyes tight and clenching his jaw. The same internal struggle playing out across his face as the night before. Castiel stayed silent, giving Dean a chance to gather himself. He could feel the conflict in him, the overwhelmed blur of emotions that must be all but suffocating to live inside.
There would be a chaotic couple of weeks where the world put itself back together. Cars would need to be pulled from ditches, homes needed to be drained of water left running, more than a few kitchens would need remodeling after the stove was left unattended. Trains had derailed, planes crashed. It was a mess, to be honest. But everyone was alive, and would never understand how close they had been to extinction.
He clapped both Jack and Cas on their shoulders. “Let’s eat! Anyone else up yet?” He didn’t really expect to see Sam and Eileen til later, Dean suspected they’d had a late night.
“Meant to be? Jack, “meant to be” is what we’ve been fighting against this whole time. Freedom, free will, the ability to live your own life. It’s the antithesis of fate, you
The three of them came to a halt a few yards from Chuck, clutching their weapons and readying themselves for whatever blow Chuck was planning to throw at them.
And it—Jack—had to be right, because the Empty had always been a poor mimic, and it certainly couldn’t do more than don empty faces. This, the energy surrounding Jack, even his
Dean was quiet for a minute, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth and looking remarkably young and fragile.
When it was time to cast the spell, Sam finally asked what had been on his mind for the last few days.
Dean turned back to the table. “Looks like your dad’s on quite the cleaning spree.” He picked up the chair that he had knocked over a moment before. He sat down and gestured for Michael to do the same, turning again to face him.
“It’s too much, too much to give. Too much to take.” Dean licked his lips, and kept his gaze turned downwards.
“Why aren’t you with them, why are you in heaven?” Castiel asked, feeling frantic and not yet capable of digesting all that Jack had said.
“I was full of shit before. At first, maybe I didn’t really get what I felt, but by the time shit with Amara was going down and I said that thing, that was just me trying to let you know how important you are without laying all my cards out, because I had no fucking clue that you felt that way. You were an angel, you were gone more often than you were here, and I was just some piece of shit hunter who never treated you like I should have. You
“You’re a huge nerd but you’re also like the ultimate rebel, and I don’t know anyone else who can pull off that blend as well as you can. You put up with all my crap, and it’s a whole lot of crap, and you’re still willing to sit through cowboy movies with me, even though I
And at that Dean seemed to deflate, any of the fight that was still lingering drained out of him completely.
“Cas,” Dean freed one of his hands and laid it against Castiel’s cheek, his thumb sweeping the ridge of his cheekbone. The touch felt natural; he remembered a touch, just like this one, when he’d returned from the Empty the first time. Over the years, Castiel had adjusted to Dean’s caresses, no longer thrown off balance the way he had been years ago by Dean’s remarkable generosity when it came to physical affection. It was the one thing he could count on from a man who struggled so intently with vocalizing his feelings. Even still, his breath caught as he met Dean’s eyes.
“Michael. You shouldn’t have come here. You were always a good soldier, but not much of a tactician. Goodbye, son.”
The sun was beginning to set as Sam and Dean set the ingredients out on a rough table near the center of the barn. Jack and Eileen had headed back home, on standby with the bunker’s full supply of information and objects at their disposal should something go wrong.
And it was better than it had been in the past. Even if they weren’t quite what Cas would wish in the privacy of his heart (less private now that Dean knew), Dean still wanted him around. Still seemed comfortable with him, for the most part. It was good, and it was enough, and it was petty of Cas to act as if Dean’s love and affection, in whatever form they were offered, weren’t enough when they were more than he’d imagined possible.
Castiel couldn’t hold back a laugh at the sheer horror painting Dean’s face. As least it had drained the redness away.
The night had taken several turns, but by the time they were settled in the library with coffee and a mountain of books on anything relating to God or the power of creation or cosmic energy transference, Castiel was feeling remarkably content. It felt both as if there had been a fundamental shift in his relationship with Dean, and no change at all. They’d agreed to wait until the morning to call Sam with their theory, letting him enjoy his night with Eileen (Dean had grumbled something to the effect of “at least one of us is”) before pulling him back into the seemingly endless loop of problem, solution, new problem, new solution. Castiel decided that this would be the end of that—they would find a way, and it wouldn’t cost them this time, wouldn’t set up a whole new string of dominos to be tipped over. They’d earned that, surely.
And now, with the Work done, Castiel’s mind turned to thoughts of Earth, which of course, revolved for him around Dean Winchester. He let himself think of him, as he sat in the vacant chair overlooking the calm lake. He thought of the look in Dean’s eyes when he realized that this was the end, that Castiel was leaving for the last time, the mix of shock and despair that was his only response to Castiel’s confession. He didn’t blame Dean for his lack of verbosity. He was intimately aware of how Dean struggled to express himself, how he could never quite put into words the immense well of feeling that swirled within him. It was what he had missed most during his brief stint as a human, and during the periods where his grace was diminished. Without the brightness of Dean’s soul, the singing gravity that had anchored Castiel for over a decade, he felt lost.
Rowena ruffled Miracle’s fluffy head once more before standing and brushing non-existent dirt from the front of her dress.
Dean thought of Anna, how she’d been locked away in a psych ward raving about angels and demons to doctors that would never believe her.
“Oh, who’s this handsome lad, oh my aren’t ye a sweet one, yes, the most handsome Winchester by far, a regal beast amongst the mangy mutts!” She smiled at Dean slyly over the dog’s head.
and that the pain in his stomach must mean he’s hungry, the dryness of his mouth indicating thirst. He realized with exasperation at himself that even if he had stuck around at the diner, he had no money to pay for anything, and no wings with which to disappear on. Frustration building, he quietly spoke aloud to himself, to relieve the oppressive prison of his mind crushing in around him.
Castiel promptly decided that the research could wait, dropping the book back to the ground and shifting down so that he could face Dean. The lamp on Castiel’s side was still on, bathing Dean’s face in soft warm light.
“I always came back anyway. You know, some people have told me that it’s tragically pathetic.” Very recently, an admission like that would have left him feeling exactly that. Now it seemed comically insignificant.
Dean held Castiel’s intense gaze before shrugging. “I have a feeling we’re in for some research,” he grumbled without any heat, looking secretly pleased with the bright spark he’d put in Castiel’s eye.
He brought his fists away from his eyes. His head throbbed, and his back cracked as he raised his head and stared out at the decimated doorway that Billy had walked through.
“I’m glad,” Dean breathed. He sounded the same as Castiel had a moment ago, as if he were admitting something inexcusably selfish. “I mean, I don’t think I’ve made things easy for you.” He sounded as if he had more to say, but stayed quiet.
For a moment they all stood there awkwardly, before Sam gestured towards Dean with the hand still holding the water bottle.
It was, admittedly, a sore spot for Castiel, one that many enemies had exploited over the years in a bid to get under his skin. Castiel as a tool, a weapon, a guardian, a burden, something to be used and discarded by the Winchesters as need be. And still, that bright patchwork of Dean’s soul, the troubled lines on his beautiful face, it was always enough for Castiel, enough to ignore the harsh words, to not quite mind his role in Dean’s life. Usually he was glad to just have a role at all.
He broke the kiss, almost instantly regretting it when he met Cas’ eyes, dark and intense as he traced a path with them up from Dean’s lips to his eyes.
Dean hesitated before saying what was on his mind. “The spell we used to get to the Empty to pull Cas out… maybe—”
“One problem at a time,” Dean waved away the Amara question. “The tether, how does that get severed? Is it something Jack can do himself?”
Death took a seat on the ornate chair to the left of the altar, leaving Dean, Sam, and Jack to cautiously approach as he stayed silent.
Castiel nudged Dean lightly with his hip. “That could be arranged,” he said, sliding a hand along Dean’s back.
They drove through the night, largely in silence. Michael agreed to travel with them to minimize the chance of being intersected by Chuck, and crammed in the backseat beside his nephew, he looked distinctly human. It was a difficult journey, and Dean grimaced at the thought of what all the off-roading was doing to Baby’s alignment as he veered slightly into a ditch to get around a blockade of abandoned cars for the twentieth time that night. When Sam suggested that they make a stop at a motel just after they’d passed Chicago, Dean thought about objecting, but somehow, it seemed that urgency didn’t really matter when you’re the only people on earth.
“Me too. Castiel,” she stopped walking, put her hand on his arm and looked him in the eye. “You can’t always take care of everyone else. Sometimes you need to take care of yourself. Otherwise you’ll have nothing left to give.”
Jack hummed in response. “I guess it’s just… Cas understood me. He could relate. I just hope that doesn’t change. I mean, you and Sam are great, it’s just…”
They walked in silence for a few minutes, Cas looking down with his hands in his pockets, going over the last ten minutes.
. And I’d done it on purpose, kind of. I didn’t know what you felt, or that you could feel that for me. But I knew what I felt, at least for a while now, and I purposefully pushed you away to keep it buried. And the reasons for it looked so stupid at the end of it all. Man, if we had just had one honest conversation that lasted more than five minutes… I don’t know.”
Years ago, Dean hadn’t been able to tell when the angel was making a joke. It was a skill he’d mastered throughout the intervening apocalypses.
“No,” Michael replied slowly. “They’re just… gone. Out of sight, or out of range, not anywhere I can get to. Just gone.”
“Jack, I know I’ve put a lot on you, but I know you didn’t mean to do it, and I know you’d have done anything to fix it, and I want you to know…” Dean caught Jack’s eye. He looked scared but hopeful, as if Dean held the key to his salvation. “I want you to know that I forgive you. And that I love you. I know I’m not Cas, but I’m here for you, I’m on your side, kid.”
He was aimless. His feet hurt and his back ached and his mind felt like a very loud silent prison, causing his head to pound ceaselessly. He realized with a shaky exhale that he was
When they got back to the bunker, Jack was laying a plate of pancakes on the breakfast-laden library table. As Dean and Cas entered, he made a little celebratory whooping noise and immediately ran to Cas, burying his face into Cas’ chest. After a minute of what looked to Dean to be a painfully tight embrace, Jack disentangled himself and smiled broadly up at Cas.
Jack bounced on his feet, full to the brim with happy energy. It was infectious, and Dean found himself overwhelmed with positivity for the first time in a long time. He had a chance now to make up for all of it. For once, everything was working out, and he had time to focus on the people who mattered.
angry, after Jack died. It was—I’ve never felt as broken as I did, then. And everything was happening so fast, and you—you couldn’t understand, and neither could Sam, really. Jack was a part of me, and suddenly I had
Dean’s face was young and peaceful in sleep, and Castiel couldn’t begrudge him rest, even though he was feeling slightly desperate after hours of research. One glaring problem: he wasn’t precisely sure what he was looking for, but he was certain that he hadn’t found it. Ideally, there might be some precedent that they could track down for a god or otherwise powerful being extracting their own power in such a way that their power remained functional in their absence.
something, it wouldn’t have been as bad as this. Cas would leave, Cas would reject him, but even he hadn’t thought anyone would
“It’s ah…” Dean cleared his throat. “I fucked up, I shouldn’t have gone after Billy. It wasn’t her, all the people—it’s Chuck.”
He registered a look of surprise on Cas’ face as he cupped it with both hands, closed his eyes, and kissed him hard.
Dean didn’t know how that worked, but couldn’t care less. He reached Cas and bent down, holding his arm and helping him to his feet.
“Cas,” Dean breathed out, pulling the angel into a hug. Dean wasn’t quite solid on this plane, so it was a strange experience, but he ignored that and held on as tightly as he could.
“If you wanna raise bees and go vegan, that’s cool, I’ll be right there with you. If you wanna live on the road, never settling anywhere, hunting every day, that’s cool too. I want to be where you are,” Dean looked around desperately. “But Cas, it can’t be
Sam had stopped gasping, but Jack didn’t turn. He kept pushing, dredging up everything he had until Chuck was a disfigured mass of coal that hit the ground and singed the grass around him.
“Don’t worry about that,” Dean said gruffly. His body was humming with energy. Small details weren’t going to slow him down.
Rowena descends the stairs gracefully despite her incredibly tall heels, relegating Castiel to the role of decorative arm piece.
“It’s not your fault. You shouldn’t be sorry. It’s like you said, before. You left, but I never asked you to stay.” Dean’s eyes were locked on their joined hands too.
“Sometimes those times were awful,” Castiel said bluntly. “But what I’m telling you is that they were worth it. The good always outweighed the bad—it didn’t even come close.”
Note that I upped the rating for this fic, since there's vague sexual content in the latter part of this chapter. Nothing is graphically depicted.
But right til the end, he had to comfort his brother, make this make sense for him if no one else. So he told Sam that this was how it was always meant to go, that he wasn’t made for a life
“To make things perfectly clear, in addition to being in love with you, I’ve been attracted to you for years, and would have happily and without compunction engaged with you sexually on any occasion, up to and including right now.”
“No! Just, I dunno, I feel like I’ve tried to talk to you about it like a hundred times over the years and you always shut it down so hard I just kind of assumed…” he shrugged helplessly.
“Well, I believe that will come from severing whatever tether kept that power from…floating away from Chuck, and now Jack, even if it is disintegrated from their selves. Once the tether is gone, it’s independently the greatest force possible. Impervious to manipulation, and without any pesky personality attached to abuse it. It would simply do what it’s meant to do, and assimilate with the fabric of the universe itself, providing balance more accurately than any sentient being could manage.”
“Did Dean tell you that I beat Chuck? I thought that my powers were all gone, but they were just different! Death told me and everything! The real Death, he was in hiding, and I got to meet him! And now that Chuck’s gone, all the people are back, did Dean tell you that all the people disappeared? And Michael helped us, but he’s gone now. But Adam’s here! And Eileen! And I finished making breakfast, I think I burned a few things but it’s mostly fine, I added sugar to the eggs,” Jack took a breath, still beaming. “I’m just so happy you’re back!”
you here?” he asked, getting his bearings enough to pull back slightly and take in Dean’s translucent form.
He knew it had worked before Dean gave any indication that he was restored. Castiel could see the way his soul re-rooted itself into his body, sang out in thanks, in love.
“Oh!” Dean felt some of his anxiety ease. He sat on the edge of his bed, pulling Cas by the hand to sit beside him. “No, I mean, let’s not start getting down and dirty in front of them, but I… the thing is, I’ve been a closet case for a long ass time, and I know I put out a lot of deflective bullshit, but I don’t want to be that person anymore. I love you, and I’m not going to be ashamed of that. I don’t want you to stand further away from me, or stop touching me just because we’re not alone. If
“He said he could get out, he knew a way. We just—we just need to do it again maybe, get more supplies.”
The day wore on as they worked. Sam had texted Eileen to meet them, and when she showed up a short time later (with a few bags of fast food, bless her), Sam nearly skipped to greet her, her small frame disappearing in his embrace.
Dean returned with two beers and a glass with a few fingers of what was presumably the expensive scotch he hid in the top cabinet above the pantry. “From Crowley’s leftover stash,” he explained as he passed it to Rowena before handing Castiel a beer and turning to greet his brother and Eileen.
“Um,” Dean cleared his throat, “I’m gonna hit the hay. You, uh…” Dean trailed off, flushing slightly and glancing from the library entrance and back to Castiel. He looked suddenly vulnerable again.
When Sam chanced a glance over at Jack again, he looked much younger than he had a moment before. His eyes had filled with tears, and he looked hopelessly lost, just a child who had nowhere to go without his father to guide him.
“I—Jack told me that you’d started to make a life for yourself. Looking for a job, something normal. You know, I’ve been called many things, but normal isn’t one of them. I didn’t want to intrude, if you were making something good for yourself.”
“Yeah. I’m sorry if believing me to be uninterested in sex added to your confusions about your options with me.”
But the figure before him felt different. That was Adam’s face, everything was exactly the same, but the look that he gave Dean felt familiar for an entirely different reason.
“You’ll always have a place here with me,” Jack had said, “But you’ve earned the opportunity to live whatever life you choose. If you want to go back home, you can. But Cas, you need to choose at some point, and you need to choose what will make you happy.”
He gently lowered Dean to the ground, and Sam was beside him, needlessly catching Dean’s side and supporting him in a slumped kneel.
He could feel Dean’s panic as he found the boys in the field, and he quickly flew them home. He hesitated for a moment before blurring their memories of the past day. He didn’t feel entirely right about altering memories, but there was no need for them to remember the sharp terror of the past 24 hours with acute recall. They were only children, and Castiel knew intimately the kind of damage that trauma of this nature could cause to a young mind.
Dean nearly choked on his tongue in his rush to reply. “Yes. Yes, definitely. Just, um. Stick with me on this, okay. It’s been literal years since I’ve hooked up with anyone, might be a little rusty. And—
Dean slept late the next morning, and Castiel did eventually get around to reading the books he’d brought with him to Dean’s room. He read through them all, only getting up to let Miracle out briefly before returning. Despite the warm serenity of Dean’s bed, frustration over the fruitless task at hand effectively cancelled out any lingering relaxation from the night before, and Castiel eventually dropped the last book back onto the pile and slumped back down in bed.
He asked Cas to help him build paradise, to serve as architect of an afterlife worthy of the souls in it. And so Castiel had designed it with the worthiest of souls in mind: Dean’s. Together, he and Jack dismantled the cells of Heaven, rearranging an endless range of possibility stretching infinitely out from the Garden in all directions. It would be a heaven grounded in the principles of free will, where each soul was free to do as they pleased, to see (or avoid) whomever they liked, to stay in stasis, or to grow.
“It’s okay, Sammy. I’m okay.” Dean kept his eye locked on Cas as he returned his brother’s hug, as if afraid that if he blinked, Cas might disappear. Castiel let himself breathe freely for the first time since Jack had arrived on the dock in Heaven.
He’d felt the pull of longing from Dean ‘til his last moment of consciousness before the Empty swallowed him whole. Castiel had known for a very long time that Dean needed him,
He felt a surge of fury, with himself, with Chuck, with Billy, the Empty, even with Castiel. Finally, he knew that he’d had a chance at something good, and it was too late. If Dean had another chance, he wouldn’t fucking waste it again, he wouldn’t be that pathetic, scared child again. Who was he afraid of judging him? Both of this parents were gone, the few friends he had were from a different world and hardly even knew him, Jody and the girls wouldn’t care, the rest of the world either thought he was dead or a murderer or were scared shitless of him, and Sam—fuck, Sam was a damn adult, he could deal with it.
“It is theory," she conceded. "But I imagine Jack would be able to confirm its efficacy. And yes, Amara would have to willingly undergo a similar process.”
Dean felt a pang of guilt. “Honestly, Cas, I was a dick. I shouldn’t have treated him like that, he’s a good kid. I was just… angry, all the time, and he was there, and…” he bit his lip. “I’m going to make things right with him.”
Then Dean swallowed a few times, and turned his head to the side, looking as if he was fighting against something inside himself. Castiel watched as his jaw clenched and unclenched rapidly.
worth living for. I couldn’t tell you when this happened, but Cas, you’re my goddamn reason to live, so I need you to just calm the fuck down because nothing you said just now makes any fucking sense.”
“Jesus Christ,” Sam offered no explanation, just ran a hand through his hair. “Oh shit, hey!” It was like watching a sleeper agent become activated, as he moved quickly from confusion to happiness and bounded down the step like a clumsy puppy to pull his brother into a hug.
Castiel could feel the way Dean’s soul reached out to his grace, the way he shook, just slightly, against him. He wrapped his arms around Dean instinctually, clutching at the place that had so recently been a tattered hole through his body.
“Yeah,” Dean said, letting out a long breath. “Don’t really know why. Well, I kinda do. Just feel like I’ll be inviting on this whole sob-fest about of shitty lives and our shitty dad. And I’m ready to, you know, be normal about me and you, but I don’t think I’m ready to get into all of that. Maybe ever.”
Dean awoke was a trembling gasp, his eyes flying open and his chest expanding and contracting rapidly.
When he heard Castiel’s arrival, he turned to him. His face was stormy. He looked remarkably energized for someone who’d been on the brink of death minutes before.
Chuck’s hand was blistering where it met Michael’s, where small tendrils of light still beamed, but he kept his grip hard as he used his other hand to turn his son’s face towards him.
Dean popped in the first side of Houses of the Holy and they drove past town and out into the rural emptiness that stretched from Lebanon to the next county. As Dean wove further into the countryside, Cas relaxed, his body more natural and human looking than Dean was used to.
“Uh, yea, crispy,” he replied, fighting against a rising blush that he knew he wouldn’t win against.
Dean was dying. He could feel his life draining out of him, pooling on the filthy hay-strewn ground beneath his feet. And still, he struggled against the pull of unconsciousness.
Cas greeted Eileen in sign language, apparently entirely fluent. Dean wondered how much of his infinite knowledge could fit into a human brain.
Yay! I'll do at least one or two more chapters of this. I'm pretty happy with the way it's come together, considering I did basically no planning. I might do a post-series sortof sequel thing too, because post-series human!Cas is my all time favourite. Thanks for reading!
It was remarkable how normal everything was, how everything could have changed but also stayed exactly the same. They carried on a casual conversation, Jack telling Cas about Sam letting him drive, and asking Dean if that meant he could drive the Impala next. “We’ll go out together and you can give it a shot,” Dean had said, surprising even himself. The answering smiles he received from both Jack and Cas made it worth it. Man, is this what it was like to just be happy?
“I wish you had told me,” Dean said at last. “About the deal. And I got why you didn’t, and that made it worse. I never treated you like a priority, even though you were, always. I’d focus so much of my energy on you, but only if you weren’t looking, so I could make it seem like nothing, like I cared the—the
“I’m feeling fine, thank you. And thank you for your help, I can’t begin to tell you what it means.”
He stood with hands in his pockets, watching the small waves gently rock against the greying wood. He hadn’t meant to come here, or rather, to bring “here” to him. He’d just wanted to be somewhere he could be alone with his thoughts.
He inhaled deeply, bracing himself for a whole lot of straight to the point emotional honesty, and god let it be enough to make this all make sense.
“I’m not sure,” Castiel admitted. He feared Jack may have already considered and discarded this plan if so.
Castiel turned back to his notes and pretending not to notice that Dean nearly walked into a shelf as he moved towards the exit, cursing under his breath.
Dean felt numb to it all as he drove. The high of destroying Chuck had faded quickly, and all that was left was an emptiness inside him. An echoing void where whatever semblance of contentment, at having his family alive and at least reachable, usually glowed. He hated that this felt like a conclusion, that it felt as if the world was waking up anew, because he was still stuck in that same place he’d been, on the floor of the dungeon, with part of him ripped away. He couldn’t let this be the end, because he still had a fucking huge job to do.
“I mean, the confusion wasn’t only about sex, but, yeah. I mean it’s not like I made things crystal clear for you, either.”
Dean took a deep breath, steeling himself before turning his head and meeting Castiel’s gaze head on.
They lapsed into silence. Dean tried to think of something that would help Adam, but he knew from personal experience that it would be a process. He could only hope that Adam’s new life would be free of the tragedies of his past.
“I didn’t,” Dean replied, keeping his voice steady. “There wasn’t time, or I don’t know, I just couldn’t. It happened fast, he was there, and then he was gone.”
Rowena looked uncharacteristically touched as she gazed into the glass. She sighed heavily as she took a sip.
Above them, the bunker door swung open and Sam and Eileen clattered down the stairs with duffle bags on their shoulders.
“What?” Dean looked genuinely flabbergasted. “That’s bullshit, I know you know what I was like the last time you died. I nearly
“Well, I guess Cas would say that it’s in just living your truth, in being honest about what you feel and not letting fear hold you back.” It was a bit of a cop out, but it didn’t seem like the time to get into the nitty gritty of how Jack’s dead father was in love with his other, emotionally unavailable basket case of a father.
Dean barked a laugh but grabbed Castiel’s discarded towel and dried his hands before turning with his back to the sink, Castiel hands on his hips and nose to nose.
His only luck, he thought, as he finished securing Crowley in their dungeon, was that the asshole had stayed unconscious for the trip. Dean really didn’t think he could handle a heart-to-heart with the demon right now.
And there it was, the devastation that he’d anticipated. He felt his face crumble and his eyes fill with tears as if it were happening to someone else.
“That’s definitely true.” Dean squeezed his hand and joined him in watching the stars as he gathered his thoughts.
“Yeah?” Dean perked up, eyes unguarded. “I mean, yeah. Yeah, you can read in there, with me. That’s cool.”
And just like that, all of the emotion of the last few days welled up and he was gasping in a shaky breath as tears began to fall.
“Okay, well I’ll think of some research angles on the drive—have you thought about contacting Rowena?”
Of course, just as that sentiment entered his mind, his consciousness was flooded with reality. He had hauled Sam and their not-quite demon king hostage back to headquarters, having decided that they’d really rather be far away and inconspicuous when the fallen angels came to. Dean honestly couldn’t take anymore houseguests, and he had a feeling several thousand fallen angels was beyond their bunkers maximum occupancy rate.
Dean licked his lips and took a breath in, locking his eyes on Castiel’s. His face was set in determination, but there was something immensely vulnerable in his eyes as they flicked left to right, as if he could see into Castiel’s mind if he looked hard enough.
