“I just. Dean, I did everything I was told for so long with my parents.” Cas replied, “I went to private school, dated whomever my parents wanted me to, went where they said, when they said, and never questioned any of it. And I thought....I guess I thought that after I met you that was different.”
“Man, you sound beat.” His little brother answered him. Dean just grunted in response. Sam chuckled a little before continuing, “Cas said you wanted to check in. Security picked me up a couple of hours ago. No major fuss on campus or anything, I think most people were still asleep. Anyway, I’m on my way. Should probably be there by around dinner. Hopefully we’ll be able to have some time when I get there but I’m assuming you’ll be a little busy.”
“Yes I….I have never been on a date before and I wasn’t sure what the protocol was for such an occasion. Many of the websites referred to a good date as ‘dinner and a movie’ however since we live above an eating establishment I thought that dinner would be a moot point. I also read about some ways in which you can indicate to your date that you desire them in a romantic fashion. It suggested ‘cuddling’ with your date but also recommended several ways in which to initiate this without being overt. However that has obviously failed so...”
“No! I don’t wish that at all. I’m really glad to finally have met you, you know, in person.” Dean said, gesturing to Cas.
“It does sound like something someone could have made up. It’s almost too crazy to be true. But on the other hand, it is pretty specific. He could have just said his brother was in an accident, he didn’t need to make up a half-brother and a step mom.” Gabe retorted.
“Ok, let’s recap” Gabe said. “All we know for sure about Dean is that he has this dating profile. He may or may not be the person in the picture, although it doesn’t seem to be stolen from the internet. There is a Sam Winchester on facebook but we don’t know if he is actually related to Dean. And Dean’s phone number is registered to a Bobby Singer.”
Dean was well and truly bruised in his ribs and he was sure his face looked no better. He was no match for whatever had come over Will. He kept pushing until Will’s hands found their way around his neck once more. After that, he mostly just felt pain. Pain in his body from the blows being rained down, pain from his head rhythmically hitting the door handle he was jammed up against, and pain from….well all over to be honest.
He was about a mile outside of the city when the radio clicked on playing the classic rock station Dean usually had it tuned to. But not even Metallica could sooth his nerves tonight. He reached out and clicked it off again. He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel, wondering how far he could get before he would need to fill up his tank again. He should probably get to a bus station but he had to check how much money he had in his wallet.
But would Sam really care? Dean was constantly teasing his little brother for his tree hugging and saving small animals. He didn’t really think Sam had a mean bone in his body and he certainly wouldn’t be the type of person to cut someone out of their life for poor decision making. Dean actually did look down at his still flat tummy this time and brought a hand up.
“He didn’t…until last night.” Dean said. “It wasn’t because I was ashamed of Cas or anything, really. I’m just not very open about my feelings and junk and…yeah I don’t know. He didn’t care. He was happy for me. And he’s known I’m gay for years so it wasn’t anything like that either.” Dean looked over at Cas.
“Bobby, I need to talk to Sam.” Dean spat out before Bobby decided to hang up on him for being an idiot. Bobby didn’t answer for a second again. Dean cut him off before he could think of something to say. “Come on, Bobby. This way he still doesn’t know where I am and he doesn’t know that you know where I am. I called you, remember? I owe him some sort of explanation.”
“Are you sure? I don’t have anything for him to change into here so I would have to go home anyway.” Dean replied. Ellen gave him a bit of a guilty smile.
“With all due respect, Lord Crowley, I have no intention of leaving Dean if that is what you are alluding to. This is not the middle ages.” Cas said, trying not to let his nervous energy wake Dean who had actually somehow fallen asleep. “I know it’s a little complicated but I plan on doing everything I can to make sure that Dean is successful and happy.”
“Well….I may have also found your duffel bag with your clothes in it in the hallway closet. Plus you happened to call Bobby when I was at his house. That seemed a little too perfect. So I took a guess that of all the places in town, you would be here.” Sam finished.
Dean tapped his pen on the desk as he considered his words carefully. He leaned back in his chair and closed his own book, dropping his own pen on top.
“Oh you trade lots of pictures? And you video chat a lot…..any of those happen to be late night video chats?” Gabe asked, waggling his eyebrows a little. Cas turned red and just clapped a hand over his eyes, shaking his head. Dean just laughed and said that he ‘pleaded the fifth.’
Later that year the episode aired. Cas happened to be visiting Dean during his winter break so they had a little viewing party. At the end of the episode, text appeared on the screen to show the most up to date status of the couple.
The years of their marriage, much like the few years of their courtship, had their ups and downs. But in the end, their love always won out and with Sam and Dean came new challenges.
Ellen sighed and then released Dean. She squeezed his shoulders for a moment and gave him a small smile before turning and opening the door. Dean quickly turned away and rubbed at his cheeks with the scruffy sleeves of his sweatshirt, tugging the hem down further over his belly.
“Ok, so the brother is definitely real. Is there maybe a chance that Dean is actually Sam? A younger guy, pretending to be an older man online?” Gabe started reasoning out loud.
“Castiel, please.” Crowley stated, putting his teacup down. “We are putting the cart before the horse, so to speak. I am not here to discuss legalities here with you. I told you before, I have no interest in some medieval plot to keep apart two lovers for oh so dramatic reasons. But the last thing this country needs is a heartbroken sovereign.”
Crowley scratched at his beard and then busied himself pouring their cups of tea. Evidently it was steeped enough for him.
“Good.” Bobby leaned forward on the table and before Dean could realize it, Bobby had lightly whapped him on the side of his head. He let out a cry and lifted his hand to probe the part of his skull that Bobby had hit.
“Actually, you’re the one I need to speak with.” Crowley answered. “It is my job to make sure that you know what will be expected of you within the coming days and I’m not going to lie to you. It won’t be easy.”
One morning, Dean woke up with a pounding headache and a hatred of the sun as it peeked through the curtain. He rolled over and discovered Cas in the bed next to him. Cas seemed unbothered and simply rose from the bed, stark naked, and began dressing. He paused while zipping up his jeans and turned back to Dean, who was still huddled under the blankets with a puzzled look on his face.
“Yes, it is nice to meet you as well.” Both Kevin and Gabe were taken aback at the deep, gravelly voice that came out of the man. “Although, I am still unclear as to why Meg called you.”
“I didn’t say anything to Jo or Cas. You can tell them whenever you’re ready.” She said softly, to keep their conversation from being overheard by potential eavesdroppers. “We’re all here to help you though. You’re not doing this on your own anymore.” She pulled away and rubbed her thumb on Dean’s cheek the way only mother’s know how. Dean gave her a smile before leaving to lie down.
“I’m not sure, honestly” she said, tucking a piece of her hair behind her ears. “He just showed up a couple weeks ago, a few before you did, and asked mom if she knew of a place to stay. But he didn’t have any money.”
whomever the visitor was. Bela was a firm screener of unannounced guests and so Dean had faith in her.
Dean felt his vision swim as Bobby’s words sunk in. The Roadhouse was only a few minutes away from Bobby’s. John Winchester was on his way. Dean felt the phone slip from his hands and clatter to the floor. He vaguely heard Cas call his name.
Gabe was ever the hopeless romantic. He tried to keep things realistic and he never hyped up expectations for the people they filmed with, but he always tried to look on the bright side. If there was a good cop/bad cop on the show, then Kevin was always the bad cop.
Dean sat up slowly and eased himself out of bed. He quickly dressed and threw his meager belongings into his duffel back. He walked carefully towards the door and opened it slightly. He was met by the sounds of his father snoring loudly in the hallway. Before he could bring himself to step out of his room, he forced himself to look back at his brother, still sound asleep in his bed. The least he could do was say goodbye.
“Well, it seemed that my earlier suggestion of going out to dinner together was not amenable to you. I may not know much about social interactions but I believe that you were going to deny my request. I thought perhaps that dining out may be too formal for a first date. I supposed that if dining out did not appeal to you then maybe you would prefer a more casual setting?” Cas rambled on before letting out a sigh and meeting Dean’s eyes, “I enjoy your company Dean and would very much like to court you.”
Unfortunately, this was a common conversation he encountered with living on campus and choosing to go to college abroad. Everyone in Winchester was used encountering the prince regularly so he had gotten used to the nonchalance that came with encountering people in public settings. However, with already one year under his belt at the University of Montgomery, he was also now used to the whispers that occasionally followed him around campus.
“Dean to be clear, although we are technically engaged, we have not formally received the approval of the king to marry.” Cas intoned from his spot on the bed. He was playing with the engagement ring hanging on a chain around his neck. He couldn’t wear it in public until an engagement announcement was made.
St. Charles was a sacred place. It was where royalty was anointed, crowned, wed, and buried. Though Mary never ruled the country she was blood royalty and thus was granted burial in the tomb below the sanctuary where she had also taken her first steps as Mrs. John Winchester on the arm of her new husband.
“Believe what you want, but I am just trying to fulfill ancient prophecy. Older than you. Older than me. Older than time.” Will said.
The rest of the week found Castiel sitting in his usual seat every afternoon although he had taken to leaving his book upstairs. Dean would make him drinks and tell him stories about some of the things he had hunted or stories about Sam.
“Well duh, the only people I know are dad’s hunter buddies and I would hope it wasn’t one of them. But Dean really-“
“So, Mr. Crowley, what can I do for the palace tonight?” Dean stated. Crowley leaned forward in his seat.
“Hmm? No, no go ahead. I got it.” Dean said, sitting up more in his seat, trying to school his expression in to one of focused attention.
Dean fit in pretty well at the Roadhouse. Like Ellen said, it was mostly just pouring beers and then the occasional shot. The hunters who came in weren’t fancy. The only time he had to make actual drinks was occasionally when civilians came in and wanted something a little fancier, but he still hadn’t had to make anything more complicated than a Jack and coke.
“Dean, just close your eyes for now. We have about 10 more minutes until we land and all hell breaks loose.” Cas said. Dean let out a short laugh at that and Cas smiled wryly down at him. “Get some rest while you can. Who knows when your next chance will be.”
“You can put your arms down, Dean.” David said. “Now, I don’t have access to an ultrasound today but if you come back for a visit on another day, I can try and make one available so you can take a look at your baby. For now though, I do want to take a look at your groin area so if you’d like Ellen to leave, now would be the time.”
“Do I really need to see a doctor?” Dean said around a mouth of food. Ellen shot him a dirty look, although he wasn’t sure if it was because he was talking with his mouth full or because of what had come out of his mouth.
They didn’t stay long. Dean hoisted up a sleepy Adam who rested his head on Dean’s shoulder and closed his eyes. They decided that they should head out so Adam could be put to bed.
“Please, call me Marvin. Or Marv, if you like.” The man said. His curled hair looked as greasy as his smile.
Ellen had later also confided in Dean that the meeting with this doctor would probably include some sort of physical examination and suddenly Dean was all about Sam staying back. Sam pouted about it for a while but there was nothing to be done.
“Hey Cas. I guess we’re going to be neighbors for a little bit.” He said, motioning to the door with the little metal number 3 nailed onto it. Cas spared a glance over his shoulder at the door before turning back to Dean.
Dean felt an immediate weight lift off of his chest at the uttering of the words. It occurred to him the moment after they left his lips that it was the first time he had actually said them out loud. He had thought it on many an occasion. But even the sole time that he had spoken aloud about his condition he hadn’t said those two words in that particular order.
“I hope so. But when he does, I don’t want him to leave again.” Dean said. “I need some help figuring out what I can do to make him happy here. I don’t want him to just stand behind me forever, he needs to feel fulfilled and productive. Couldn’t he keep teaching here? There can’t be a rule against that?”
Dean would remember that conversation the rest of his life. His mother died a couple of years later from an illness and when Sam started acting out about titles and rules Dean had tried to explain to him what their mother had said. But he could never get the words quite right. _____________________________________________________________________________________
“Yeah, good thing it’s not uncomfortable.” Dean joked. The tension deflated out of the room. Cas ran a hand through his permanently tousled hair before taking initiative and sitting back on Dean’s bed. They spent the rest of the day watching shit television and chatting in between heated make out sessions.
Cas could have melted in relief. He couldn’t even hear Gabe as he greeted Dean and shook his hand. The awkward introductions over, Gabe turned to lead Dean down the stairs. Dean’s eyes met Cas’s and they both paused.
"So let me get this straight. Angels haven't walked the earth in thousands of years and...what you decided to pop down to get your rocks off?"
“He has the vaguest about me section. ‘Dean. Mechanic. I love cars and Vonnegut. My brother made me make this page.’” Kevin read out loud. “Well, he’s mentioned the one brother, but what about the half-brother?”
“No, we can’t.” Dean said, returning to sit back on the bed with one leg curled up, the other hanging off. “Seriously, is everything ok? You never snap at me.”
“Ok man, I get it. Listen I wish I could come back but the school won’t let me miss any more time and I don’t want to mess up my courses. I’ll be done in another month though so I’ll be there for a few weeks before your coronation.”
“I don’t need anything.” Bobby said “But you need to get out of the house. I’m sending you to the Roadhouse. It’s a bar a few miles out, run by a friend of mine, Ellen Harvelle. They cater to our type.”
“Well nothing is set in stone. Dean and I aren’t naïve about how smoothly our relationship will be expected should we try to make it more permanent.” Cas replied, sipping on his tea. He winced as the scalding liquid hit his tongue. He pursed his lips as he thought carefully about how to continue. “Not to be rude but I am unsure what my relationship has to do with the Council at this time.”
“I wouldn’t call it possession.” Will said, calmly. He took a step back and leaned against the Chevelle, shoving his hands in his pockets. “He gave me permission to inhabit his body.”
Anna looked apologetic but Dean couldn't spare her any sympathy. He just didn't have the energy. His hand was methodically rubbing his belly, the only form of comfort he could conjure up at the moment. Anna pushed on.
"Oh Dean, you have no idea." Michael said, moving into Dean's personal space. He placed his hand over Dean's belly and he wished for nothing more than the ability to smack that hand away. "The child you carry inside you will serve a far greater purpose than you can even imagine."
“Well you let Bobby know if he shows up here. He knows how to reach me.” John said. Dean heard the thunk of John’s glass hit the bar and the screech of the bar stool legs on the ground as John stood up from the bar.
“Oh. Well…good. That would be…uncomfortable.” Cas said, seeming to suddenly realize the awkwardness of the situation.
“No wait, I’m sorry, please just let me explain.” Cas begged. Something in Dean’s voice made him pause. He leaned forward and grabbed his beer.
Cas looked at the bag that Dean offered. He took the small bag in his hands and examined the label before reaching in and removing a small piece and popping it in his mouth.
“Listen up, some people from the embassy are coming to get you so pack a bag and be quick about it. They’ll probably be there in less than an hour.”
“I had a lovely evening, Dean” Cas said, shuffling somewhat awkwardly. “I certainly hope that we can go out again, if you feel the same.”
“Normally I would say yes….but Cas seems to be really nervous about it coming across to Dean that he was going behind his back.” Kevin replied. “I would hate for Sam to tip off Dean that we were asking questions, he has to know about the show.”
“No, I don’t think so. I prefer to stay out of the spotlight. I actually try to take as many pro bono cases as the firm will let me.”
He’s not sure if he lost consciousness or not. He at least spaced out for a few minutes because when he became more self-aware, he noticed one of his shoes in the foot well next to the passenger seat and felt a cold breeze on one half of his body. He squirmed around, trying to grab his shoe and felt rough hands holding him in place. He was able to get his hand on his shoe, a sturdy work boot, and raised his arm and wacked Will right in the face with it.
“What happened when Cas was supposed to visit last year?” Gabe asked. Dean licked his lips and rubbed his hands on his jeans.
And it was true. The carrier gene was something that was found in men occasionally. It wasn’t too terribly common, but it was common enough that not many looked twice at a pregnant man walking down the street. Typically most males were tested around the age of thirteen in order to better inform them of the adolescent changes that would be occurring. Male carriers didn’t function like women. It’s not like they had a uterus that shed its lining every month. They may be more prone to fevers and abdominal cramps than non-carrying males, however it was never anything that occurred often enough for Dean to question it. Sometimes you caught a bug from eating crappy diner food or staying in a flea bitten motel.
Later that night Dean pulled up in the driveway of a mid-size house that was cream with blue shutters. The lawn was trimmed and there was a Prius in the driveway. He wrinkled his nose at the car but walked past it up to the front door before knocking.
“Whoa, just hold on there Dean.” Ellen interrupted, cutting off Dean’s long-winded speech that had quickly been devolving into mindless rambling. She was looking at him with caring eyes. The eyes of Ellen ‘Jo’s mother’ and not so much of Ellen ‘Hunter’s widow/badass hunter.’
“Yeah, well turns out that he had a half-brother as well and he had to deal with trying to get custody of him. It was a long process and I felt bad trying to bring up meeting again when he had so much on his plate.”
Dean didn’t mind though. His mother was proud of their bloodline and had instilled that in Dean at a young age.
“Listen, Dean. Yeah, I’m not pleased as punch to be having a baby move in. Lord knows baby proofing my house is going to be a god damned pain in the ass. But you’re family to me. And family looks out for each other.” Bobby said, “So if that means that we gotta clean up my place and buy some shit for a nursery, then that’s what we do.”
When Dean felt that he could stall no longer, he stood from his seat and made his way to the door. Upon opening it, he was confronted with the small handful of staff that they had who stayed overnight to maintain the property. One or two continued with their duties, forgetting already the reason they were rushing around. But most stopped immediately and went into deep bows until Dean was able to escape down the hallway towards the staircase to make his way back to his room.
Dean was just getting back into it when he felt Will stiffen above him and he saw what looked like a flash of light from behind his closed eyes. Dean pulled away again and pushed
The day passed achingly slowly with nothing to do. But later that night found Dean sitting on the edge of his bed contemplating the phone sitting on his nightstand. It was an older model, still had a rotary dial and an extra-long cord so you could walk around the room. Dean picked again at the loose thread on his jeans. He jumped slightly at the knock on his door.
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
“Yes. I am just nervous about meeting him after all this time.” Cas said. “And I guess I am afraid that he will react negatively to our first meeting taking place with me showing up on his lawn with an entire camera crew with pitchforks and accusations.” Gabe handed the camera off to Kevin.
“Yes I heard. Ellen mentioned that you would be staying here for a few days.” Cas smiled. “It makes me glad. With me not being able to spend as much time with you at the bar, it will be pleasant to maybe spend some time together here? I have heard that some acquaintances spend time by enjoying movies or television shows together. Perhaps we could do that one evening? My room is equipped with a television.” Cas looked on hopefully at Dean. Although, Dean did notice that he was making eye contact and had not, at any point, glanced down at Dean’s protruding belly.
“Yeah, so you said.” Sam mumbled and looked at his feet. He really needed a haircut. And maybe some new pants. Geez, had their dad even looked at Sam for a few months? The kid was obviously going through a growth spurt. Dean was willing to bet that Sam’s shoes were too tight as well. A wave of guilt rolled in Dean’s stomach at the thought of Sam alone in hotel rooms the past few months while John was hunting. And Dean was here, being cared about by Bobby and Ellen and getting to know Cas. How could he have been so selfish? Didn’t he at least owe Sam some sort of explanation? A real one? He cursed himself and cleared his throat.
“Good. It’ll be good to see you, Dean.” There was a momentary pause on the line. “I saw you on TV a little. You’re all they’re talking about. Anyone who ever knew you in school or back home is doing interviews. And they’ve figured out who Cas is but I don’t think anyone knows about the engagement yet.”
“Yes, your new secretary, Bela.” She said calmly, though her jaw seemed to tighten slightly. “As I mentioned earlier, I will no longer be your personal secretary. Bela is the most superior and was secretary to the King so it is only appropriate that she become your secretary. It would be….inappropriate for me to take that role.”
What was he talking about? Now that Dean thought about it, during his morning sickness phase, he couldn’t really keep much down. He hadn’t thought he was being obvious but Bobby had clearly noticed something.
Ok guys, sorry for the hiatus. There's been a LOT going on in my life and I'm riding the struggle bus with some later chapters but I figured you guys waited long enough so here is one more for you! Things are going to start getting real soon :P
Dean raised his eyebrows. Cas was again glancing over Dean’s shoulder but quickly renewed eye contact. His cheeks reddened slightly. “I mean, you know. Come sit on this side of the table so we can talk more quietly instead of shouting across the table.”
"On the contrary, Dean. It means exactly that." Michael stepped closer to Dean, coming out from around the chair. "That is my son and you are simply a vessel, just like that human I inhabited."
“Hey there, Cas.” Dean said, he paused for a moment before offering his hand out. “Good to meet you.”
“So where’s Cas?” Gabe asked. Obviously, Cas was not sitting in the room with them. Meg got up from her seat.
So the doctor rattled through his questions (“Age?” “Do you know about how far along you are?” “Any history of heart disease?”) and Dean was tired of talking when finally twenty minutes later he was finally done.
“And do you happen to know anything about his fiscal policies during his reign?” Cas asked. Dean actually laughed out loud.
Cas paused. He rubbed his hand over his face before looking over at Meg. She did not look apologetic.
As the new reigning sovereign, it was Dean’s honor to drop the first handful of dirt into each grave before being followed by Sam and then a litany of distant cousins whose names Dean could never really remember.
“You don’t think Cas would have been worth the plane trip?” Gabe asked. It was a loaded question but Dean played along.
Castiel nodded and the soft click of the door announced his departure. Dean sighed and turned back to the phone. His hand was meandering back to the loose thread on his jeans before he mentally smacked himself on the back of the head for being such a baby and picked up the phone. He dialed the number as quickly as the rotary phone would allow him, just in case he did in fact change his mind. Before he could contemplate hanging up again, Bobby’s gruff voice welcomed him on the other end.
“Don’t you take that tone with me, boy” John’s rough voice cut into Dean’s thoughts and brought him back to the present.
“Bobby’s going to call him up tonight and, if he goes for it, we’ll head out sometime this week to get you checked out.” Ellen said. Dean put down his burger.
“Ellen did not mention anything about licorice…But do not worry, I am sure I can procure some in no time.” Cas turned to head out the door when Dean’s laugh stopped his movement.
Obviously it was Crowley’s fault that his mother got pregnant with him just as she was on the brink of becoming a soloist in the Casterbury National Ballet Company. It was Crowley’s fault that his father was an already married man who wanted nothing to do with either of them. And of course, it was Crowley’s fault that she had been unable in her youth to procure a wealthy husband who could take care of them both. It may have been the twentieth century but men were still picky about choosing a bride who had an illegitimate child.
A little while later, Kevin and Gabe were back at the hotel room. They got their equipment set up and Gabe logged into his e-mail.
What reasoning could Ellen have for taking in a lost and wandering grown man? Especially into a hunter’s bar? How could she know that he wouldn’t bat an eye at overhearing about last month’s werewolf hunt? Hell, how could she know that he wouldn’t just murder her in her sleep?
“You know, this makes sense now. What you wanted me to drive your car here so what? So if he happened to drive past your house he might wonder whose car that was? Or so that he’d see your car here and know you were on a date?” Dean paused in realization. “There was no weird noise in your car, was there? And I bet he walked in and suddenly you wanted to be seen with my arm around you, GOD I am stupid.”
"Yeah, OR this is some rando messing with him” Kevin retorted. As per usual, they would have to agree to disagree. Either way, they were packing their bags.
Dean slowly walked into the living room. John was sitting on the couch and had placed the test that he had picked up off of the floor onto the coffee table in front of him. His expression was unreadable. Dean wasn’t sure if his dad was formulating the appropriate words to yell or if Dean was supposed to start speaking first. He wasn’t sure what to say. How is he supposed to start this conversation?
To say Dean was relieved when Castiel answered the door was an understatement. There was obviously part of Dean that was nervous the man wouldn’t look at all like his picture. But the man who answered the door wearing a dark blue knit sweater was definitely the same guy, right down to the sex hair.
“So listen Ellen.” John started. “I didn’t come in just to shoot the shit. I’m looking for someone and I thought you might have seen ‘em.”
And sure enough, Sam Winchester from Lawrence, Kansas popped up. The page, however, was private and they really weren’t able to see much. They were able to see that the boy had brown hair, appeared to be located in Lawrence, Kansas, and was currently attending Lawrence Prep.
“Dean, you’re not going to mess it up.” Cas said, taking a step towards Dean. “Me being here doesn’t change anything. I don’t think or feel any differently towards you now that I’ve met you. So don’t feel like you have to talk to me differently or act differently. I know you put up a bit of a front around your family and friends, but you don’t need to be that way with me.” Cas reached out and tugged Dean’s arm, joining their hands as Dean’s slipped free from his pocket. “I care about you, Dean. I have for two years now, and I hope to for a long time. Don’t shut me out because you’re scared I’m going to go away. Because I’m not going anywhere.”
“I’m sorry it’s just….I thought you were dead after a while, I really did. I didn’t know what happened and you were gone and dad wouldn’t talk about it. I thought….I thought this must have been what it felt like after…after mom-“ Sam stopped talking suddenly.
Not like his father wouldn’t know where the baby came from. He was there that night. At least he had that going for him. Who knew he would ever be semi-thankful for anything to do with that night?
“No.” Dean answered. “Thanks but uh….I gotta tell him alone. I just hope that he hasn’t heard from anyone else yet.”
Dean was pulled from his memory by Ellen’s question. He resisted the urge to start biting his fingernail again and thought how best to word his question.
On Tuesday Castiel discovered that he did not enjoy Whiskey sours. But he did enjoy Dean’s stories about Sam’s weird pet rock phase. Sam, bitter that he couldn’t have a dog, started collecting rocks at around the age of 5 and it wasn’t until Dean went to grab his duffel for him one day and found he was barely able to lift it that he discovered the dozens of rocks that Sam had been collecting in secret for days. He cried when Dean made him dump all of the rocks out but seemed to recover when Dean presented him with the small stuffed animal he had nicked from the grocery store.
The Palace had decided to wait a week or so to announce the royal engagement of King Dean and Castiel Novak. But Dean and Cas didn’t mind. They had a whole lifetime.
“No, it’s not that it’s just…” Dean rubbed at his eyes before shrugging, “Ok yeah, it makes me a little uncomfortable. I’m not used to talking about….you know…”
“Dean that’s-that’s not possible. They’re not allowed to travel together so what someone hit both of their cars? And wait if they’re dead then….Dean, where are you?”
“What if he were to have a specialty area in his royal duties? In his country the First Lady or Gentleman has their own platform and, among their other traditional duties, they are able to spend time focusing on a particular issue or need that is close to their heart and beneficial to the country as a whole. Would the Council consider allowing something like that?”
He paused for a moment but heard nothing. Surely, if John had seen him he would be over at the bar right now, hollering his name. He could only assume that John hadn’t seen him.
“You think I can’t hear what goes on in my own house?” Bobby said with a grimace. “I’m just glad you stopped losing your breakfast every morning.”
Dean would be lying if he said he wasn’t a little disappointed at that. He had enjoyed the past few weeks conversing with Cas. He was one of the few real friends that Dean had made in his time in Sioux Falls. Sure, Jo was great but she was still a few years younger than Dean and hadn’t quite shaken her crush on him. Bobby and Ellen were more like parental figures and the only other people he chatted with daily were the patrons who were mostly hunters around the same age as his father.
Whoa, getting a little dark there Dean. He decided that he’d had his fill of emotions for the day. Dean was rethinking his previous attitude towards the chair. His ankles were starting to throb and he was beginning to feel an ache in his lower back. He had just started towards the chair and was caught mid yawn by the door re-opening. It was Cas’s dark head of hair that poked through the crack in the door.
Shit. What did this mean for him and Cas? Dean felt guilty for only just now remembering his fiancé and their marriage plans that could go flying out the window. He promised himself that they would address that as soon as possible. But Crowley was right. There were people sitting on their hands and trying to contain the story of the death of the King and Crown Prince. The people of Casterbury deserved to know as soon as possible but they needed to get Dean out of Winchester manor first.
“She’s lovely. Do you, uh, know a lot about cars? This one is rather old but looks to be in good condition.”
“Dean….what is the purpose of this scene? I am not finding that it adds anything to the plot of the film.”
“Hey, that’s not fair. You know that you are free to leave at any time, you’re not a prisoner here for Christ’s sake.” Dean rebutted.
Dean rolled his eyes but headed back up the stairs. He was, of course, being dramatic and knew that he still had clothes in his room. But most of them just didn’t fit right anymore. He was able to squeeze into his jeans for the most part, as he had gotten them secondhand anyway so they were a little big and the waistband was already stretched out.
A few weeks had passed and he found himself enjoying the days that he was at the Roadhouse. He was mostly there on the weekends, including the occasional Thursday. There were no real ‘regulars' as most people were just passing through but he saw the same face once or twice. Except for the guy who Dean had seen on his first day. The man at the end of the bar with his book. He was there almost every day. Dean had asked Ellen about him and she told him that his name was Castiel and that he actually rented a room above the Roadhouse, which surprised Dean. He didn’t even know that they rented rooms.
“Cas.” Dean breathed out. He shot up out of his seat and walked around the table to find himself staring into eyes his favorite shade of blue.
“Yeah, sorry.” Sam said, “I just hate all that stuff, you know? I mean look what happened? You have to give up everything just because of our parents. You know you don’t have to be King, right? You could abdicate. We can let Christian be King.”
“Sorry John, I haven’t seen anyone that young in here.” Ellen replied. “You can ask around but I think he would have stuck out like a sore thumb in a place like this.”
Dean meant to tell Bobby. He really intended to sit down and tell the older man exactly why he had knocked on his door without his dad a few weeks prior. But for some reason, he couldn’t quite find the right moment and the words never formulated in his head as to how he would do it.
Dean flopped back on the bed while Cas took a seat on the settee in the corner. The clock on the wall ticked quietly. After a few moments Dean stood and walked over to Cas, kneeling in front of where he was perched on the edge of the settee.
Dean quirked his eyebrow at the man in the trenchcoat. Castiel was definitely different than anyone Dean had met.
“Ok, what do we need?” Dean asked, lifting himself off the couch. He was looking forward to that nap. He’d been feeling fatigued lately. Plus it was exhausting trying to throw up every morning without Bobby hearing.
Dean's mind was reeling. This was big. Literally apocalypse big and Dean was still just sitting in his car on the highway outside of town and couldn't get his hands to actually turn the keys in the ignition.
“I guess I am a little.” Cas said. “I guess I was sort of hoping that you would find conclusive evidence that he was real and I would be able to meet him knowing for sure that he is who he says he is. But now…I guess I’m having doubts. I don’t like feeling like this.”
“Hello Dean.” Cas said, smiling gently. He paused momentarily before bowing his head slightly and adding in a murmur, “Your highness.”
“I trust that we will be able to leave shortly, presuming that the help here is as swift as those at the palace.” Crowley said, “We really do need to get going as quickly as possible.”
“Ok, so it seems that being a homosexual and the occupation you choose do not have to be mutually exclusive.” Cas stated. Dean lolled his head back on the couch and groaned.
“Wait…Anna knew that Cas would come here? How could she possibly know that? And what does she care about what Cas does? How is he ‘cosmically important?’” Dean fired off questions in a rapid pace. Ellen just shook her head.
“Swanky joint. Not sure I’m dressed appropriately.” He said. He was only kind of kidding. His jeans didn’t have holes in them or anything but he was wearing jeans, a t-shirt, and a black leather jacket. This place seems more of a post work drinks location for 9-5 executive types.
“Well, I don’t care either way. As long as you don’t leave wet towels on the floor and don’t have any 8 am classes.” Said his roommate, who had introduced himself as Cas when Dean arrived at the dorm. Although, Dean could have guessed anyway, given that there were two yellow sticky notes stuck to the door with “Dean Winchester” and “Castiel Novak” scrawled on them with slanted writing.
“I’ll be right back, Dean. You just sit tight.” Ellen said. Dean nodded and the door closed, leaving Dean alone in the office.
“Then why is it that you feel like you are only able to talk to me through a phone? Why is it so difficult to say the things you’ve already said to me, now that I’m standing in front of you?” Cas asked, voice gentle.
“Hello, you’ve reached Castiel Novak. I’m told you will understand to leave a message at the beep so this message is redundant.”
“I suppose he could have. But he explained about how he’s not very good with technology and I just sort of dropped it. I don’t care about physical appearance. I enjoy the individual with whom I’ve been speaking” Cas answered. “We talk about our lives and our families. We talk about my classes and he is so incredibly intelligent. Some people may not think so because he didn’t go to college, but we have really in depth conversation about literature and philosophy.”
“It’s not really my office. Councilmen are not allowed to have offices within the Palace or else it would muddy the whole Constitutional Monarchy arrangement. But there are a few offices that are available for use when we are here on business. The palace is just very generous and allows me to sort of unofficially squat here, so to speak.”
“So Dean, what’s your drink?” Ellen asked, nodding to the glass she had sat in front of him. Dean debated his answer. He had turned 18 a few weeks prior with little to no celebration but he was still a few years off the legal drinking age, not that it would be his first drink. Normally he would just ask for a beer and hope not to get called on it. He had his fake but he doubted that Bobby would back him up. And anyway, he supposed any kind of alcohol probably wasn’t good for the baby.
“Ok well you can spare me the theatrics.” Dean rolled his eyes. “I’m not a part of any prophecy and I want no part of you or any other angels.”
Sam huffed out a laugh and Dean cracked a small smile. He had thrown a sweatshirt on after inviting Sam in and he had to admit that he felt a little better back in his layers.
“Yeah sure, sounds good. You ready?” Dean asked. Cas nodded and stepped out, locking the door behind him.
“I keep that in the back with some of the specialty liquors. Damn bottles are too expensive to risk getting smashed in every bar fight. I’ll show you where it is.” Ellen’s voice came from behind Dean.
“Ok, so obviously you are the same guy from the dating website.” Gabe said, trying to begin the interview portion of the meet and greet.
“I already contacted the palace and requested a meeting with the King, alright?” Dean said. Bobby had started pulling clothing out of his closet and laying it on the bed.
“This Gilderoy Lockhart character does not seem like someone who should be in charge of educating students.”
“Hey, come here, Sammy.” Dean said. Sam jumped from his seat across the room and joined Dean on the bed. He rested his head on Dean’s shoulder and Dean’s arm wrapped around his brother and held him in a way that he hadn’t in years, and yet it felt like coming home.
“How have you been able to hide this for so long? Bobby didn’t notice anything at all? And what were you going to do when the baby came?” Ellen asked, not letting Dean out of her embrace just yet. Dean shrugged from within her arms.
“It’s just that it was making a weird noise earlier. It’s driving fine but maybe if we took my car you could help me figure out what’s wrong?” Cas blurted out.
“Bobby?” Ellen asked, hearing the voice coming through the phone. He couldn’t hear what Bobby was saying on the other end of the phone but Ellen just responded after a few moments with a curt “You got it.” She told Bobby she would call him back in a little bit and hung up the phone. Ellen headed over towards Dean’s hiding spot and he had a moment of panic that she would crouch down and reveal him hiding there but she just leaned against the counter and he heard her ask someone what she could get them. He stopped breathing when he heard his father answer.
“Now that we have met, we trade a lot more pictures and Dean and I video chat frequently.” Cas said.
Dean’s heart stopped. Or was it just beating so loudly that all the reverberations melded into one loud buzzing noise? All he knew was that he couldn’t breathe, couldn’t hear, and he goddamn wished that he couldn’t see the look on John’s face as he stared down at the pregnancy test in his hands.
And suddenly it was like Dean was doused in ice water. His hand fell from where he had been rubbing his tired eyes that no longer felt quite so tired. An open mouth and wide, disbelieving eyes met his gaze after they had lifted from Dean’s stomach which was currently stretching out the waistband of his boxers. It had been a few months but Dean could never forget that face.
“Yeah, we video chat all the time. I actually miss seeing him. I mean, I would always miss talking to him if we couldn’t talk but it never bothered me that I couldn’t see him until now.” Dean said. “I guess now that I know what it’s like to look him in the eyes when we talk, over the phone just doesn’t cut it anymore.”
“An angel?” He asked, “You expect me to believe that you’re an angel? After what you did to me?” He scoffed. Will only shrugged and gave his not-really-a-smile smile.
And, after all, it’s not like she was the Crown Princess. No, Samuel could watch their wedding knowing that John Winchester would never sit on his throne and that Mary would live a comfortable life.
“Yeah well your place is going to be mob city tomorrow morning as soon as everyone hears the news. We don’t want anything happening to you.” Dean said firmly.
He looked around the space, not wanting to sit back down again (although his ankles had begun hurting him a bit lately but he wasn’t about to whine about it). It was what you’d expect for the office of a dive bar. A small but sturdy desk was crammed into the corner with a computer older than time taking up almost half of the table top. The rest was covered in receipts and invoices, some with rings from the bottom of beer bottles. There was a rusty filing cabinet in the corner by the door, presumably filled with even older files of shipment paperwork, tax documents, maybe even some old rental agreements from back in the day when they actually let out the rooms above the bar, instead of using them for strange, secretive men and pregnant teenagers.
The palace Butler could say that he would be happy when the King’s new rooms were finally complete. Then he would be able to organize for the King’s temporary quarters to be recarpeted. It seemed His Royal Highness had a penchant for wearing through the carpet between his bed and his armchair while on the phone with his brother. Perhaps the new suite should be carpeted with AstroTurf.
Dean hung up the phone and flopped onto his bed. He played with the cell phone still in his hand. He should take it back out to valet who was waiting outside of his door. But instead he lifted it up and dialed another number.
Hey! Sorry for the long absence! Holidays were crazy and work is nuts right now but I'm gonna try and crank out the rest of this story in a more timely manner! Enjoy!
“The only reason I had the picture I put on the dating website was because my brother took it. I don’t have a phone with a camera and I don’t know how to get pictures from an actual camera onto my computer. My brother knows but….I guess I didn’t want to ask for his help.”
“Honestly, I have no idea.” He answered. They stood for a long moment before Bobby’s bustling in the bathroom brought them back to the present. Before they separated, Dean asked, “Will you come with me? To the palace?”
“It’s fine, really.” There was a bit of an awkward pause. “Look, Cas….I’ve got a lot going on right now and I don’t even know where to start with explaining all of it to you.”
“Believe me or not, kid it doesn’t make a difference.” Ellen said, before having another sip of her drink. “So about a week before Cas appears this girl shows up at the bar. Name was Anna. And she starts talking and I think it’s a whole bunch of b.s. but then….then she told me something.”
They both returned to organizing Dean’s things, without saying another word. Cas wouldn’t have time to go home to pack a bag so he would need to make do with borrowing items of Dean’s or by having someone pick up something later on.
“I understand that this is a large shock. You have not only lost two close family members but are now shouldered with this new title and obligation. Nevertheless, time is of the essence. It is a 45 minute flight to the palace and we must leave as soon as possible. We will not be able to hold the news of the passing of the King and Crown Prince for much longer but if we move quickly the news will break while we are already in the air so we will buy ourselves time to regroup and prepare for your arrival at the palace.”
Dean paused in his reading. He had expected another inane statement or question about Harry Potter. Instead he looked up and found that Cas had closed his book and was instead bracing his head on his hand that was propped on the back of the couch. His other hand was resting on Dean’s leg.
“I have all the evidence you need.” Marv responded, pulling manilla folders out of his leather satchel. He dropped them on Crowley’s desk with a ceremonious thunk. “You will find birth records for my family going back to 1834 with the birth of my great great grandfather, Richard Campbell, the eldest son of King Rupert. He was accused by his younger brother, Henry, of plotting against the King so he was exiled from the country. I have DNA evidence that I am his direct descendent and given that King Henry absolved my great great grandfather of any wrongdoing following his death it is clear that he was the rightful heir to the throne. And as his direct descendent I am here to take my rightful place when he could not.”
“Yeah, I mean I’ve mentioned that I’m not really a tech guy but I guess I didn’t really go into how bad I was at all of it.” Dean said, rubbing a hand across the back of his neck. At that point the cameras were set up and Gabe was sitting across from them on the couch with Kevin standing nearby with his handheld.
“Just like he said.” Cas said. He looked down into his coffee cup, although he hadn’t taken a drink yet.
The double funeral took place a few days later. It was grander even than the one for Dean’s mother only 7 years prior. Although Dean had to say that the adoring public that came out in droves didn’t seem quite as enthusiastic as before, but that could have been Dean’s imagination.
“I’m not upset with you, Cas.” Dean said, chuckling. “You didn’t even technically lie. I just never asked. Do you have any idea where you came from?”
Bobby rolled his eyes. “Will you just get out of here? I told Ellen you’d stop by today. It’s basically a done deal but she wanted to meet you first.”
“I wouldn’t worry too much about it. Most everyone will just be wanting beer or liquor straight up. You won’t be getting many orders for cosmos around here. So as long as you can read a bottle label you should be ok.”
What happened? How was he supposed to answer this one? Dean decided to leave because……why? He doubted Sam would believe that he left due to a simple fight. Dean never fought with Dad, that was Sam’s territory. And something that was big enough for Dean to leave and not come back? It had to be colossal. Dean’s brain was usually filled to the brim with off the cuff answers for random questions from passers-by, police officers, you name it. He was prepared to come up with a fake name, fake alibi, fake excuse to be let into a building, charming but tragic backstory for the girl at the bar who would buy him a drink and tell him all about the haunting upstairs. But to his brother? Dean fumbled for a response.
Dean was no virgin. That ship had sailed two years ago with Shelly Aronstein in her parent’s room in Connecticut. But with another dude? That was a whole other ballpark and one
It was the next morning when Dean was awoken by loud, insistent knocking on his door. He jolted out of sleep and stole a glance at the clock next to his bed which showed the time to be much closer to seven am than Dean usually preferred. He cursed and threw his blankets aside and crossed the room barefoot, scratching at his protruding belly under his t-shirt (which Dean would deny was seeming to grow smaller each day). He swung open the door with a very attractive and squinty eyed, “What?”
“So will you ever have to be King?” Cas asked, leaning his head on his arm which was resting on the short bedpost. Dean thought it was kind of cute how genuinely interested Cas seemed to be. He wasn’t fishing like some people, especially young women, tend to do.
Dean smiled back and they got out of the car. As they approached the door, Dean reached out and interlaced his fingers with Cas’s. They both shared a smile before pushing the door open to face the storm.
There was a brief pause as they let Cas have a moment. Gabe reached out and put a hand on his shoulder.
“I just thought that once I finally did something for myself…that would be it. I would be free to be a teacher when my parents wanted me to be a lawyer and I could marry you when my parents wanted me to marry that Hannah girl. I just thought I finally had free will to make my own choices. And now it’s all going away.”
“For being such great hunters you guys can be kind of terrible at hiding things.” Sam said. “First of all, Bobby was all weird when Dad said he was coming to the Roadhouse, like he didn’t want him to go. Then he disappeared for a few hours and wouldn’t tell Dad where he was when he got back.”
It felt a little awkward at first, as the conversation was stilted in a way it hadn’t been in the weeks since they’d first met. This was more formal than any other time they had hung out, given that every other time had taken place in the bar downstairs. Plus, this was the first time they purposely hung out with romantic intentions in the air. It was clear that Cas wasn’t sure what to do on a date and it’s not like Dean was an expert.
“Well, he just jumped from 5th to 1st in line for the throne so I think some lifestyle changes can be expected.” Cas replied. Dean threw his hands over his eyes and groaned again.
“No, it was more like….like a tickling?” Dean tried to describe the feeling. “The doc said that I would probably feel something like fluttering soon.” Dean smiled and rubbed his belly. He let Cas try and feel but he couldn’t feel anything, which he said was normal. Nobody would be able to feel anything from the outside for a little while longer yet.
“Hey dude. I’m all for getting hot and heavy. But I’m not going to have sex with you in your dad’s truck in the woods.” Dean said. Will sat up and looked a little disappointed but nodded and leaned back down to continue making out.
hunting and fishing. But it never quite had the same feeling as when his mother taught him to bake a pie for the first time. Or when she would sing him to sleep as a small child. This private conversation was one that he could always look back on as one of those quiet, personal moments that he shared with her.
“And I’m sorry I lied but I didn’t know what else to do. And I don’t know anything about being pregnant or having a baby and I didn’t want to be alone when I could be around people who might be able to help me. Do you know how many different kinds of freaking vitamins there are? And Bobby didn’t ask why I ran from John and then after that…well it’s not like pregnancy comes up often in conversation where I could casually slip it in and –“
Sam smiled at Dean, forgiveness in his eyes. He took two quick steps and wrapped his arms around his brother. Dean sunk into the hug for a moment.
“Okay,” Dean answered “Well we knew that was an option. I thought you hadn’t decided what you were doing yet though?”
“Well, Maverick could have had sexual intercourse with Charlie, however he instead chose to leave. He appears to be more comfortable with the other men in the film, not to mention much closer emotionally.” Cas answered.
“Umm…I’m not really a sentimental kind of guy. And I didn’t want him to be asking me questions about why I needed to send someone pictures of myself. Plus, he’s still a kid, and I wouldn’t be setting a good example for him by sending pictures of myself to a stranger. And it’s basically the same with the video chatting thing. He would want to know why and I didn’t know how to explain that I was in a relationship with someone I’d never met.”
John gave Dean a meaningful look. Dean tried to school his expression so as not to give away any hint that he understood what his dad was trying to convey. John looked torn between a pitying look and the standard look of disappointment that he usually wore. John then stood, grabbing the tests from the table and walked towards their little kitchenette. He wrapped the tests in a paper towel before throwing them in the trash.
How stupid he had been. To think how great everything was going with Cas and Ellen and Bobby. He had really tricked himself into thinking he could have this kid, be settled, maybe go get Sammy again one day. But he should have known that Winchesters just aren’t meant for happy endings.
“You look dead tired. Besides, you’ll need to clean up the spare room anyway. Nobody’s stayed here in a bit so the sheets are probably a little dusty. Just strip the bed for now, spare linens are in the closet.” Bobby said.
Dean’s biggest problem lately was that he had begun to show a little more. His formerly taut stomach had softened a bit at the beginning but it wasn’t something that was noticeable at first. But now he was really starting to get a bit of a bump. Sometimes he would lay on his back and lift his shirt up in the dead of night to rest his hands on his now rounded tummy. It was becoming all too real that there was still a baby coming, even if he had done his best to forget and hide it. His morning sickness had passed for the most part which was a blessing. There are only so many times that Dean could run to the bathroom without Bobby becoming suspicious. At this point he was mostly experiencing random bouts of tiredness that would smack him in the face out of nowhere. Kind of inconvenient, but better than puking every day.
“I have been thinking about Cas.” Dean confessed. “He has been away for a couple of weeks and I can’t help but think he may not come back.”
When their food came, Dean left his arm around Cas’s shoulder. They continued talking as normal and found they had a lot more in common than they originally thought. Dean’s brother was in law school and would be looking for an internship so Cas recommended a few firms in the city Sam could apply to. Dean mentioned that Cas might want to look into a different car and Cas threw a French fry at him. A French fry that Dean picked up and fed to Cas, remembering their ruse.
“I don’t really know what I’m doing here, Mom.” Dean said quietly. He was well aware of the echoing acoustics of the hall and was not willing to risk anyone overhearing. “I’m gonna do my best though. Hopefully the next time you see me will be when I’m marrying Cas here. Well, after my coronation I guess. I hope I make you proud.”
Cas played with the cuffs of his sleeves and fiddled with the seatbelt, and altogether avoided looking up at the camera mounted on the windshield directly in front of his face. They were a few minutes away from the address that Dean had texted Gabe and Cas couldn’t believe that they were actually going to meet today.
“Yeah, I ain’t so sure of that. You know your dad came by looking for you.” Bobby said, not lowering the gun. “Seemed concerned that something got you but he wouldn’t say what he was hunting when you disappeared.”
“Ok so, Bobby let me know the basics of your situation. Now, I’m sure he told you that I’m not an obstetrician or anything but given your circumstances I will do what I can. I did do a rotation in obstetrics so I know a little of what I’m talking about.” David chuckled a little before flipping open a chart and plucking a pen out of his pocket. “Now Dean, I would like to get some basics on you and your health and then go into some more detailed questions about your pregnancy so far, just so we can get an idea of how you are progressing.”
“The only other thing she said before she left…was that Cas would be instrumental in protecting you.”
“No, you apparently need many years of schooling to be a librarian.” Cas replied. “However, I will now be working part time as a library aide.”
But Dean would say those years were the best of his life. And he wouldn’t have changed a single moment.
The coronation went off without a hitch. Dean knew his lines and his choreography, as he called it as Sam mocked him with jazz hands during rehearsal. It was one of the few times in Sam’s life that he saw his brother truly look solemn. But it was not an unhappy or a dreadful solemnity. It was serene.
It was much later, in the dark of Dean’s bedroom, curled up in a nest of sheets and pillows that Dean and Cas traded their first in person ‘I love you’s.’
Eventually though there was a bit of a dry spell in the hunts and only a few of the cars in the lot were worth more than scrapping. So Dean found himself kicking around the house, flopping around in the living room, and idly flipping through lore books before Bobby had enough.
Regardless of how anyone else felt about John, Mary knew he was the one for her. He was devoted, kind, hard working, and incredibly smart.
He hadn't managed to spill his secret to anyone but that also meant that he couldn't buy clothes, furniture, bottles, or even diapers.  Another quick glance at one of the shelves showed him something else that he was neglecting. There were shelves upon shelves of prenatal vitamins as well as books. All different kinds of books along the 'what to expect' lines detailing everything from conception to early childhood development. He suddenly looked down at his hidden bump and thought about what else he was already neglecting for his child. Picking up a bottle of vitamins he briefly considered just shoving them in his pocket. But he had no idea how long he would be staying in Sioux Falls and wasn’t really fond of the idea of being caught shoplifting at the only grocery store in town. Although, he didn’t want the rumor mill to start circulating about what he was buying at the store either.
“Yeah, um….it was a bit of a mess. A few days before Cas was supposed to be flying out I got a call that my dad and step mom, Kate, were in an accident. So I had to call Cas and postpone. Kate died that night and…my dad died a few days later from complications. Adam was barely two and Sam was seventeen. Since Sam was so close to being eighteen I didn’t really have to fight for custody. But with Adam being so young they wanted to put him in foster care so he could get a ‘real family.’ So I fought to become his legal guardian so I could take care of him. It took a couple of weeks but I was finally granted custody. Since then, I’m always busy taking care of him and Sam or working. I have to always have a job and they monitor my income to make sure that Adam can stay. I don’t want to risk anything that might get him taken away.” Cas had moved a little closer to Dean on the couch and had placed a comforting hand on his shoulder as he finished his story.
“Your Majesty.” She said, curtseying politely. Dean had told her multiple times that she did not need to curtsey every time she addressed him or even at all if they were in private. She didn’t seem to take to heart his suggestion just yet but Dean had hoped one day she would. “I am sorry to interrupt but an unscheduled visitor has arrived a requested an audience with you.”
"Dean, you can't hide from him as easily as you hide from your father. He is an archangel. But we can try and stop him. As soon as Heaven was made aware of Michael's plans, a small faction of us have been working to stop it. We were trying to stop Michael before he even got to you." She paused for a moment. "I am very sorry that we were unable to prevent the first part of his plan."
“Hey, be careful! Baby on board.” Dean said. Sam scoffed but didn’t throw the pillow back. Dean settled back on his side of the bed and a comfortable silence fell over the two of them before Dean decided he should actually get back up, get dressed, and find something productive to do. He was about to climb back out of the bed when Sam’s voice stopped him.
“About as well as you would think.” Dean answered. “He’s annoyed that he has to leave school to tend to royal duties.”
They found themselves squished into a corner booth, Dean on one side and Cas on the other. They had a few beers and picked up where they left off in the car.
John’s eyes snapped up and met Dean’s. He gulped nervously but John just clenched his fist and turned and walked towards the main room. Dean heard the bathroom door open behind him and Sam came out. He looked curiously at Dean.
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________
“Dean, just stop, that’s not what I meant.” Cas said, pausing in his pacing. “Don’t be stupid. I wouldn’t waste almost five years on a ‘revenge boyfriend.’ Don’t insult me like that.”
“These are quite delicious.” Cas said. He took a sip of the water that Dean had placed in front of him.
He walked through the produce and veggie aisle just to get it out of the way...no way in hell any child of his was going to make him eat rabbit food more than necessary, he had already noticed Bobby on a weird health kick. Twice this week he had scoured the fridge for something to eat and had had no choice but to grab an apple as it was the only thing in the fridge. He continued on through the chips, soda, crackers, microwave meals, and the international aisle but didn't see anything that screamed 'eat me now.' He saw the next aisle was a nutrition aisle and was going to skip it but decided to take a stroll down anyway.
He laid a gentle kiss to his fingers and gently touched them to the stone plaque bearing his mother’s name. To his father’s displeasure, he was not be able to be buried within the church when he passed, nor had he won the fight with Samuel over Mary being interred at the Winchester mausoleum, where his body currently resides.
“Now, we did have a few questions for you. Dean, why do you only have the one picture on your dating profile? And honestly, it seemed a little vague.” Gabe said.
Dean was quite ready to fall asleep as soon as his face hit the pillows. But he resisted the urge, even as Cas’s hands came down to gently massage at his shoulders.
Dean leapt what felt like a foot in the air at the voice coming from the passenger seat. The car swerved briefly but he was able to reign it back between the lines. Thankfully, there were no other cars on the road. The slammed the brakes and the car squealed as it came to a stop. He turned in his seat.
He must have tensed or winced or something because Cas’s hand found his and squeezed gently. He looked over at Cas and felt his shoulders relax. He was so happy he met Cas.
“Well, that is an interesting question.” Cas said, stalling. “The answer to that question is…I do not know.”
“I wouldn’t say that. I guess it’s just that, I’m not exactly known for being the genius of the family, that’s Sammy’s territory. And I mean, I’m a mechanic so I spend most of my days working with my hands. It’s not every day that I’m at the bar and someone will look at me and think ‘I wonder what that guy thought of Cat’s Cradle.’ But Cas did.” Dean answered.
“Dean is a mechanic in Lawrence, Kansas. He is working to support his family and doesn’t have the time or the money to come out to see me. About a year ago I offered once to come and visit him and he seemed excited and wanted me to come. But a few days before the trip, he called me and said that the timing actually wasn’t right. Something had just come up with his family and he would have to deal with it for a little while and that we would reschedule.”
“Will.” Dean replied, protectively covering his stomach with one of his arms, the other reaching for his cell phone in his back pocket. “Didn’t think I’d see you again.”
“I am a little upset that it doesn’t seem like you told anyone about me.” Cas said carefully “However, I can’t get too mad, as only my friend Meg knew about you. She’s the one who called the show, actually.”
“See, I’ve been looking for Castiel. The same way I’ve been looking for you. I was finally able to get ahold of one of Castiel’s partners, Anna, and well….we persuaded her to see God’s light once more.”
“Those are for the Chevelle in the back. She works well enough. I need you to run to town.” Bobby said.
Dean was dusting off an old tome and stretching out on the couch for a good research session (nap) when Bobby came in and tossed him a set of keys. Dean picked the keys up and looked up at Bobby.
“Ok. So angel chick shows up, proves that she’s from Heaven, tells you Cas is going to be showing up and that you need to help him…..for what though?” Dean asked. Ellen placed her empty mug back on the desk but didn’t refill it.
Cas’s eyes lit up, much like they had when they had finally determined that tropical beverages were very much to his liking. Cas took a few more before handing the bag back to Dean.
“So she just let you stay? You show up and have no idea who you are and she just lets you set up camp up here?” Dean asked, disbelieving. Cas looked up and his eyebrows were scrunched together.
But here he was. Waiting to disembark from the royal air force plane for the first time as King Dean of the House of Campbell. His personal secretary was talking to him about something but it was all just noise. He let his gaze fall to the side and his eyes landed on Castiel, relaxing on the couch. Castiel winked at him but then pointed back to the secretary.
“I’m pregnant.” Dean repeated. “And my dad found out and was obviously not too happy. But he wanted to have it…you know…” Ellen shook her head so Dean pushed forward.
I'm still working on some later chapters but I'm going on vacation for the next ten days so I figured I should give you guys another chapter in the meantime. Enjoy!
“Sam, listen.” Dean said, cutting right to the chase. “There was an accident. You were probably going to hear it as soon as you woke up anyway but I wanted you to hear it from me first. Grandpa and Uncle David are dead. There was a car crash.”
“Don’t worry about it. There’s not a dress code or anything. I honestly just like their beers.” Cas said, directing Dean towards an open parking space that he spotted. Dean had to admit, street parking was easier with the Prius than with Baby.
“You highness, forgive me but maybe we should take a break?” Crowley said, crossing his leg and leaning back in his chair.
“Come on, Bobby. It’s the 21st century and I’m 24 years old. My fiancé should be allowed to sleep in my room.” Dean protested, words slightly garbled by the toothbrush in his mouth.
“Don’t call me Kev-o” Kevin responded, not looking away from setting up a camera on the desk in front of Gabe. He stacked up another book to prop up the camera more. A few more people stood in front of the desk pointing various cameras and microphones at them. One of the cameramen chuckled a little at the banter.
After she’d warmed up to him a bit (And Dean promised no hustling pool and no hitting on Ellen’s daughter) she deemed him good enough to take on as an employee. She said that she’d give him a brief tour and then he could head out as long as he came back around 7 for his first shift. She brought him behind the bar and showed him where to find everything. When Dean expressed some concern about not really knowing anything about bartending, Ellen laughed.
He was not expecting the graveled voice that came out of the man’s mouth. This guy was like a walking wet dream. Deep voice, messy sex hair, what looked like a tight body underneath the sweater.
“No you will not grow breasts. But you will produce milk to feed your child. The sacs in carrier males develop behind your pec muscles. They may appear to enlarge slightly but it will really look more like you’ve been going to the gym a little. They will get a little more tender and sensitive as you get closer to the end of your pregnancy.”
“Yeah, it seemed like a good idea at the time.” Dean’s stomach rumbled. He hadn’t actually gotten around to getting the food he came down for…and actually pancakes with ketchup might just hit the spot. “It actually seems like a good idea right now.”
“Of course, Dean.” Cas replied, pulling back and cupping Dean’s face in his hands. “I’ll call work in the morning and figure something out. Or I’ll quit.” They both chuckled. “One or the other.”
Dean gave it a moment before chancing a look at Bobby. He looked like he was fighting a smile but just nodded in understanding.
“Shit Sammy, I’m sorry. I should have said something before I left. I just thought it would be better if you didn’t know. At least then you wouldn’t have to lie to dad about it.”
Wow. Dean really just had that thought. If you had asked him a few weeks ago about his father he would have defended him to the death. But now with his impending parenthood….maybe he was feeling a little differently. Dean couldn’t imagine treating his kid the way that his father treated him and Sam. And maybe he’s finally realizing that maybe he deserved a little better.
Dean finally got around to removing all of the tags and shoved most of the clothes in his closet, save for the outfit that he would be putting on. Cas was waiting for him to pick him up at the library and they were going to go to the dollar theater in town. They were showing Indiana Jones and Dean was insistent that Cas continue his movie education. He would have preferred to start with Star Wars but beggars can’t be choosers.
“The council continues to debate the trade agreements but do concur that there is not an immediate need to request negotiations.”
Dean’s door swung open and the Earl found himself caught slamming his closet door closed. If Bobby didn’t have Crowley banging down the door at 3 AM he might have taken a second to give a crap. But unfortunately, he did not.
The ride to the airport was equally silent aside from Crowley advising him that his personal secretary had been contacted and would be meeting them at the airport to brief him on the plane.
He had retired to bed immediately following his conversation with John and found Sam awake and reading. He seemed like he wanted to ask what had happened but wisely saw that Dean was not in the mood for conversation. He had changed into his pajamas and climbed underneath his covers and feigned sleep until Sam eventually called it a night a turned his light out. His gentle snores soon filled the room but Dean found himself far away from slumber as he contemplated his situation.
Dean leaned over, letting his arm wrap around Cas’s shoulders while the other cupped his jaw. He shifted a little so Dean’s back was 100% towards Cas’s ex.
Dean stood up and walked across the room to peruse the few clothes he had that were stuffed in the small dresser.
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
“I’m just going to do a brief physical examination for starters that shouldn’t be too invasive if you’d like to stay for that.” David said. “When we get to the more intimate part of the examination, she can leave if you’d like some privacy.”
Sam grabbed the pillow from behind his head and chucked it at Dean who batted it to the ground. He picked it up and threw it back at Sam’s head.
After getting settled at the hotel in LA, Kevin and Gabe packed up their gear and loaded themselves into their rental car. They recapped the situation again in the car for the go-pros attached to the windshield as their crew followed in a car behind them. They were headed to Meg’s apartment that she shared with Cas. While in the car they called Meg on speakerphone.
Dean nodded, understanding and almost thanking Ellen for saving him having to come out and confess everything to Bobby. The thing he had been avoiding for weeks and turns out he had managed to avoid it completely.
Dean rubbed his eyes with his free hand. It looks like the story John peddled to Bobby about something taking him was the same he told Sam. He reasoned that John probably wouldn’t tell Sam the truth. Which meant that Sam didn’t know he was pregnant either. Dean decided that maybe this conversation had enough going on without ‘You’re going to be an uncle, Sammy’ being thrown in.
Dean figured that the little bed in the room above the Roadhouse would be a pretty good place to stay forever.
“Ok, well that answers all of my questions for now. I guess Dean and Cas, we’ll leave you two alone for a little while to talk or hang out or whatever. Cas, you can just call me when you’re ready to go back to the hotel and we’ll have someone pick you up. You know…IF you wanna go back to the hotel.” Gabe finished with a wink. Cas rolled his eyes but smiled.
Dean drove Cas around the town a bit more and pointed out a few things that he had mentioned over the past two years. The small, local vet clinic; Sam’s high school; The auto body shop where Dean worked. Eventually they ended up at the Roadhouse.
The conversation with Ellen and Bobby over dinner was only slightly less awkward than the previous two he had that day. He wasn’t crying in Ellen’s office or trying not to look Bobby in the eye. Instead, he was enjoying his burger while Ellen looked up obstetricians in the next town over and Bobby told him more about the ghost Dean’s dad was going after a few hours away.
“Yes, you need to see a doctor. This isn’t something that we can just pour alcohol on and sew up.” Ellen said, before turning back to her computer. She cursed and hit the large monitor that sat on her desk.
“Ok. Well let’s give Dean a call.” Gabe picked up his phone and dialed Dean’s number. Gabe walked out onto the small porch off the back of the house, leaving Cas and Kevin to sit and wait.
What would it be like? In one month? Six? A year? Would he even be allowed to teach? Or would he have to attend teas with heads of state and go to ribbon cutting ceremonies and always walk one step behind Dean for the rest of his life?
By the time Princess Mary had married John Winchester, a lesser favored Marques of the country, and given birth to her first son, Prince David had married and his daughter, Gwen, was already 3 years old. This solidified the furthering of the Campbell line to the throne. It would pass to David and then, upon David’s death, would pass on to Gwen.
The air felt…odd. There was this static energy pulsing through the atmosphere. Dean wasn’t sure that he liked the feeling but it’s possible he was overreacting. His former razor sharp instincts had mellowed since he had been in Sioux Falls. But something felt off. Dean turned off the car and stepped out, looking around for-well he wasn’t sure. The sky seemed to have calmed down a little but there was still a bolt of lightning or two piercing the sky.
She looked Dean dead in the eyes and said, “The first thing you need to know is that angels are real.”
Kevin and Gabe went to the same college and only had one class together; Computers and Networking. Kevin seemed to excel in the course (Along with every other course he took, he would be proud to tell you) so Gabe came to him on bended knee to ask for his help in trying to figure out if Kali was who she said she was. Gabe was a TV/Film major and thought it could be a cool idea to film the process. So Kevin sat down with Gabe and they went through her facebook and all of their messages and they eventually discovered that ‘Kali’ was actually a man by the name of Baldur. He had created the profile to spy on his ex-girlfriend, Anna, who was a friend of Gabe’s. When Gabe started chatting with Kali, Baldur felt like he had to keep up the profile so that Anna wouldn’t get suspicious. In the end, Baldur felt a little bad about what he did but, frankly, was kind of a tool.
“I hadn’t quite figured that out yet. I don’t think Bobby knows anything, or if he did then he hasn’t said anything.” Dean said, not trying to escape the hug just yet. “I have no idea what I’m doing here, Ellen.”
“Ok fine, angels are real….now what?” Dean said, although he couldn’t help but roll his eyes gently.
John looked like he was seething under his skin. His face grew red and he appeared like he was about to begin yelling. Instead though, he took a deep breath and stepped closer to Dean.
“Good choice, kid.” Ellen nodded in approval. Dean just gave a tight smile and sipped at his water. For some reason, being congratulated on a “good’ choice that he wouldn’t normally have made, made something in his stomach sink a little.
Dean’s stomach sank a little. He wasn’t sure if he could bring himself to enter what was going to be a bar full of hunters without worry that it might get back to his dad somehow. The hunter network was big but it wasn’t that big.
“Yeah, that was not the best few weeks.” He said. “Luckily, it seems like that parts done. Now, I just want to eat the most random shit.”
“Yes, but I didn’t want to bring up meeting.” Cas answered. “He’ll be dropping his brother off at college and I know that will be hard for him.”
But that was part of what Mary loved about John. It was a common trope in sappy tv movies that whenever there is a princess or duchess or some other female royal who was of marrying age, she would always inevitably fall for the man who came from outside the society. Because he didn’t treat her with all the graces and airs afforded to her as a princess, but as a person. And Mary found, to her chagrin, that it wasn’t all just talk in the movies.
Dean decided to take Cas on a bit of a tour around his small town. He drove them over to a small park and they got out and started down the walking path.
He was shocked out of his stupor by the sound of the faucet turning off in the bathroom. He couldn’t have Sam find out yet. At least not like this.
“No, but you’re going to want to know someday. I’m just....I mean, you really have no idea of what you’re getting into here, man. I am a mess and I leave messes behind me everywhere I go.” Dean said, shifting a little away from Cas.
The scenic route apparently ended at Chapel run, a small clearing in the woods where young teens went to “park.” Will turned the keys in the ignition so that the car turned off but the radio kept playing softly in the background. He shifted in his seat to turn towards Dean and threw his arm over his shoulders, pulling him in for a kiss.
“Great, we look forward to meeting you. I’ll call you tomorrow morning when we’re in Lawrence to get the details”
“I’ll have to see if Castiel can work the bar again.” Ellen was saying. “Would you mind stopping by at least once, make sure he hasn’t burned the place down? He means well I know, but he’s not the most….acclimated.”
This was it, Dean thought. He was done. Ellen didn’t owe him anything. Why should she lie for him? It was one thing to casually not mention that a guy’s son was in fact hiding underneath the bar he was sitting at but it was another to blatantly lie to his face about it.
"Look what's done is done. There's no turning back for me at this point. It's best if I can just get as far away from everyone as possible."
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
“Yes, but please call me Cas.” Castiel replied. He still wasn’t quite sure what to make of Crowley but figured as long as he was polite and stayed out of the way there was no harm to be had.
“Hello! You must be Ellen and Dean, right?” The man asked. He had a kind face, with a few crow’s feet crowding the corners of his eyes. His brown hair was starting to gray a little at the temples but other than that, he looked fit enough. Ellen reached out and shook his hand.
“Hey, Meg!” Gabe replied. “We are in LA and are headed over to your place to go through all this, is that cool?”
He still had a good time though. And he wouldn’t have to lie to his dad later as he had been planning to. Turns out he actually was just out with some friends.
Cas found himself moments later sitting in a rather ornate office while one of the palace kitchen aides set out an equally ornate teapot with something herbal steeping inside. He and Crowley sat at a small table in surprisingly comfortable chairs.
Once the door had clicked shut and Sam’s footsteps faded away, Dean sunk into the armchair and breathed out a sigh of relief.
Cas had to admit. Dean’s family was….a lot. Especially given that most of those in attendance weren’t actually related to him.
It was a few days after the funeral and Cas found himself puttering around the palace hallways, desperate for something to do. He had checked out the library but as much as Cas loved a good book he didn’t care to read the entire political history of Casterbury nor did he care for dense legal tomes. Dean, unfortunately, was usually caught up with Council meeting debriefing sessions or attending to some foreign diplomat (They seemed to be arriving in droves to meet the new King). The only times they saw one another were at meals, coronation planning meetings, and in the evenings when they were able to decompress alone.
“Yeah, I come here a few times a week. It’s usually quiet….and stuff.” Dean answered. The both continued walking. Dean kicked a rock in the path. Cas stopped in his tracks.
Dean smiled up at Cas and nodded before closing his eyes. He drifted off to the white noise pumped into the plane and the gentle scratching from Cas’s fingers massaging his head.
“Come on, Cas you can’t tell me you’re not freaking out.” Dean argued, trying to keep his voice down to preserve what little remained of his privacy in such close quarters on the plane. Cas gave Dean a bittersweet smile.
Cas thrust the folder into Dean’s hands. He opened the folder and carefully scanned the first few pages before smiling.
“That’s an amazing story, Dean. You seem like a really great guy and I’m so happy that this all turned out to be real.” Gabe said. Kevin wasn’t quite done with the questions yet though.
Dean nodded. He wanted to ask Castiel more about how he came to be at the Roadhouse and what made him so special that Ellen housed him. But he realized that that might be a lot to ask in a first conversation and he didn’t want to scare him away. He was by far the most interesting person that he had met while staying at Bobby’s and it would be nice to have someone a little close to his age to talk to aside from Jo. Castiel looked like he was in his late 20’s, maybe early 30’s tops but Dean didn’t really want to ask. Instead he promised Castiel that he was going to find him a drink that he would like. Castiel gave Dean a small smile for that which is more than he had seen on the mans face previously. Dean considered that conversation a win.
Dean had a momentary ‘sexy librarian’ image of Cas in his head. There was a sweater vest and glasses involved.
Dean made to leave the office but was stopped by Ellen at the door. She pulled him in for a brief hug.
“Let me just see if I’ve got this figured out.” Ellen said. “You’re pregnant. And the only people who know are you and your father, correct?” Dean nodded. “Dean, you showed up here a few months ago, exactly how far along are you?”
“Thank you. I was unsure of the proper attire and Ellen made some suggestions.” Can said, gesturing to his outfit. “Will I be able to see you tonight? After my shift?”
He paused outside his own bedroom, surprised at how quickly he arrived, given that his anxious descent only 20 minutes earlier (Had it only been that long?) seemed to take an age. His hand hesitated over the knob before he opened it and stepped into the room.
Luckily, it appeared that, for the most part, the public seemed to be on Dean’s side. Marv had taken it upon himself to play the victim for any new outlet that would have him. But when pressed about his readiness to take up the royal mantle and rule the country he faltered on a few occasions. There was a late night show that had him on the air and jokingly challenged him to an etiquette game show that ended up with him offending the fictional ruler of a country from a popular children’s novel. When questioned on CTV about certain political opinions he was loud and outspoken and, as they soon discovered, very conservative. The liberal leaning country was not overjoyed at the possibility of having another King Samuel on the throne, nor were they a fan of royals who took too strong a political opinion.
He could still see the phone on the floor a few feet away. The little red light was on so he knew Bobby hadn’t hung up yet. His heart skipped a beat when he saw feet appear, however he realized it was Ellen when she crouched down to pick up the phone. She stood and held the phone up to her ear.
“She didn’t say. She said that she wasn’t even supposed to be here and that she’d already meddled enough.” Ellen said. “She just said that when Cas showed up I was supposed to help and that we would all have our roles to play.”
“Kid’s got a point there, Ellen” Bobby said. Ellen looked over at Bobby and gave her what Dean was starting to call her ‘Mom Look.’ It wasn’t necessarily a glare but you could tell that she wasn’t happy with you. Bobby just shrugged in response and Ellen relented with a shake of her head.
“Yeah, no, I mean everything’s fine.” Dean said, “This whole thing is, you know, great and all. I just thought…well I asked if you wanted to see the movie and you said yes, but then you showed up with your friends so I wasn’t sure….I mean…you knew I was asking you out right? I’m just a little confused here.”
Dean probably would have let Ellen hold him for the next hour or so if it hadn’t been for the knock at the door.
“I didn’t hear the whole conversation. But mom seems cool with it.” She brought the bin of dirty dishes over to the bar and leaned on it. “He mostly keeps to himself. He doesn’t ever come knocking on our door and he’s either gone for the whole day or he spends it all in his room. He only ever comes down to sit at the bar while he reads.”
Dean barely paused for breath between sentences. His hands were clenching the cuffs of his oversized sweatshirt, stretching out the already baggy material.
All too soon, Dean was anointed, had pledged his fidelity to his country and to his church, and was soon crowned and swept out of the building in the most ridiculously large cloak he had ever seen in his life.
“Yeah, technically I’m a prince.” Dean said. His brother, Sam, would have been annoyed of this conversation already but at 15 there wasn’t much that didn’t annoy the kid. He was already pretty disenfranchised with the whole “royal family” thing and was just counting his lucky stars that there was about a 0% chance he would ever have to take a formal title aside from Prince.
“That’s because I didn’t ‘disappear,’ I left”  Dean said. He steeled himself for Bobby to ask why but Bobby didn’t seem to indicate that Dean had said anything. He did lower the gun slightly to allow Dean to step inside. Bobby performed standard hunter tests; silver, holy water, salt. And when Dean passed well enough to satisfy Bobby that he wasn’t a monster he found himself sitting at the table in the kitchen with a glass of water and something heating up on the stove.
Crowley nodded and turned to the rest of the crew who finished gathering up items from around the plane before lining up near the door. The pilot personally opened the door and suddenly the sound of what had to be hundreds of people entered the cabin. It was still dark outside, given the hour of night, but the flashing of hundreds of cameras made it seem almost day. The pilot stepped back and stood at attention at the door and raised his hand to his brow in salute.
Dean and Ellen grabbed some dinner at a diner a block away from the hospital before heading back to the Roadhouse. They didn’t talk much on the ride home and Ellen pretended not to notice when Dean started humming in the car while rubbing his belly.
Dean knew he was reaching. His dad had lied to Sam for years about the supernatural even existing, he probably barely broke a sweat lying about why Dean disappeared. Ellen sighed and seemed to be mulling over the idea in her head.
A few days later found Dean and Ellen chugging along in Ellen’s pickup on their way out of state to meet Bobby’s “doctor friend.” Sam had wanted to come, and Dean had actually fought for it, but unfortunately Bobby had pointed out that John was back from his hunt and would probably want to take off any day now. He didn’t know how he would be able to explain Sam taking a random day trip with Ellen to nowhere in particular.
“You know, you could lend a hand.” Bobby said to Castiel who sat up and made his way back to the closet, pulling out a garment bag. He began stuffing jackets and button ups inside. Dean pulled one of the shirts back out of the garment bag and slipped it off the hanger and shoved his arms inside before grabbing pants out of Bobby’s hands.
It felt like no time at all before there was another knock at the door. Dean cursed his luck, but looking at the clock revealed that it had been a couple of hours and was actually close to noon. Sam had shifted out of Dean’s arm and had curled up on his side. Rather than wake him right away, Dean hefted himself out of bed stepped over to the door, cracking it for the interrupting knocker on the other side.
“I wanted to brush my teeth. I didn’t know you were in here.” Sam stated, turning the faucet on. Dean turned quickly, starting to back out of the room, trying to kick the test on the floor out the door. He succeeded and as soon as he was across the threshold he shut the door and turned around.
Dean never really cared that he hadn’t been tested for the carrier gene (Well, from where he was standing now he kind of wished that he had known). He never thought it would be relevant.
Dean sat on his bed to lace his shoes and was struck with how far he had come in the past five (almost six now) months. He had been living in the same place for almost four months, which was a new record. He had his own room, an expanding wardrobe that couldn’t all fit into one duffel bag, a regular job that gave him some pocket money, and a boyfriend. Oh yeah, and a baby on the way. He had thought that between him and Sam that Sam would be the one to settle down and live a life that was semi normal. But instead there was Dean in his own room, while Sam traipsed around the country with their dad. But maybe once Dean popped out this kid he would be able to track down John and hash out everything. But he still had a few more months and Dean had made sure to send Sam off with some money so he could get himself new clothes that fit so that would have to do for now. Until then, Dean had a date to get to.
“Hey, I just realized, I didn’t hear any weird noises driving over.” Dean said. It was true. The radio had been playing quietly in the background while the two of them talked during the ride over. Just the basic likes, dislikes, school, hobbies, etc. Cas looked like he had forgotten about the noise as well.
Dean definitely agreed. So out the door went Ellen and into some stirrups went Dean’s legs. About ten minutes later Ellen was invited back in and Dean was back in his street clothes and was definitely NOT as red as a tomato. Dean and Ellen sat back down on the chairs.
“Dude, I have no idea.” He said. “When we’re on the phone, I can say anything to you. But now it’s like…I don’t know. I told you I’m not, like a feelings kind of guy. It’s always been kind of hard to talk about stuff with people. I don’t know.” Dean ran a hand through his hair. He turned as if to turn around but instead put his hands in his pockets and looked at his feet.
“There has been a development that we need to make you aware of before the news breaks across the country.” Crowley said. Dean nodded to him to continue and steeled himself. Dean would realize later that no amount of deep breathing would have prepared him for what Crowley was about to say. Crowley took a momentary pause before continuing, “I regret to inform you of the sudden passing of your Grandfather, King Samuel, and your Uncle, Prince David. They were killed in a car accident no more
“So, anything new?” Dean asked. Typically Cas would respond by discussing the book that he was currently reading. Dean would smile and nod, although he hadn’t read the books, but Cas seemed fine with piloting the conversation when it came to literature. Dean had only really read a few books for pleasure, the rest when required for school (Although those he tended to skim). But today Cas had a new topic of conversation.
“You were used to the society of an Earl from a small region of the great kingdom of Casterbury. You have no idea what you are about to walk into. You are dating the soon to be coronated King of a country to which you do not belong and for whom you can produce no heirs. This will be a tough sell, not just to the council, but to the entire country. I certainly hope that you are prepared for the type of resistance you may experience. You will have to more perfect than any other resident of this country. More devout, more respectful, more patriotic. It will be only too easy to make a mistake.”
Dean raised his hands and rubbed at his eyes, wondering what he was supposed to be doing. What are you supposed to do when everything and nothing had changed all in one minute? He wasn’t any more or less pregnant than he had been five minutes ago, but having the proof sitting in front of him had just shifted the entire world sharply to the left. He felt tears prickling in the back of his eyes but refused to let them fall, hormones be damned. He’d endured broken bones, aching muscles, and sheer heartbreak without shedding a tear and he certainly wasn’t going to start now. Not standing in a cheap motel bathroom with a positive pregnancy test like this was some damned Lifetime movie.
He stuffed his feet into his shoes and went out in search of the bathroom. Ellen hadn’t said where they were but his room didn’t have it’s own, just a sink with a mirror above it in the corner, so he assumed that there had to be one somewhere. He located one down the hall and went about his business. He left the bathroom after washing his hands and came face to face with Cas. They both froze. There was a moment of quiet before Dean surprised himself by breaking the silence himself.
He rubbed his stomach for a few moments, keeping his other hand on the wheel. He was supposed to be driving home but his head was running a mile a minute but all he kept coming up with was more questions. He skipped the turn to Bobby’s and thought he would just drive around for a little while to clear his head.
“Quit biting your nails.” Ellen admonished from the driver’s seat. “When did you start that, anyway?”
“So is it ever gonna be Novak, Novak, Novak, & Milton?” Dean teased. Cas smiled and almost rolled his eyes.
“I raised Sam, didn’t I?” The words escaped Dean’s mouth before he could even process the thought. He immediately regretted it once John’s hand left his shoulder.
Dean felt sick to his stomach. Will’s eyes bore into his before slowly traveling down to the bump that Dean was fruitlessly trying to cover.
“I want him to be real.” Meg said. “Really, I do. I would feel like such a jerk for putting Cas through this and he wasn’t real but I think he has to know either way.”
“Yeah well, you’ve said before that your dad is a little bit of a hardass and you seemed really uh…”
“Yeah, I know Ellen.” Dean sighed, sinking further into the chair and running his hand over his face. Ellen’s face softened a little as she looked at the teenager. She crossed over and half perched on her desk in front of Dean.
“Dean, it’s your dad.” Bobby said. Dean felt his stomach sink. “He showed up here about an hour ago with your brother. He just left a few minutes ago and I think he’s coming your way.”
“Currently? Nothing.” Crowley replied. “There are no rules as to whom the reigning sovereign can date should they ascend the throne unwed or become widowed during their reign. It is obviously implied that they only seek quality companions but people are willing to turn a blind eye on occasion. However when the reigning sovereign wishes to marry, that is where we get involved.”
“You already let me live with you. You lied to my dad for me. You got me this job.” Dean looked down at the table. “You didn’t sign up to have a crying, screaming baby at your house too.”
“So Cas just shows up here…doesn’t know who he is or where he came from or anything…..and you just invite him to live with you?”
“Just get downstairs. Don’t give Crowley a reason to bad mouth you to the King if you want your engagement approved.” Bobby said, shooing Dean out of the room.
“Dude, how about knocking?” Dean shouted, trying to play off his reaction like he wasn’t hiding two pregnancy tests behind his back. He was trying to keep Sam from looking down to the floor where he would clearly be able to see the final one. It was face down so he couldn’t see that it was positive but there was no mistaking what it is.
“And why were you trying to stay hidden?” Cas asked. “I was curious about why you had chosen to conceal your pregnancy but I was not sure if it was appropriate to ask.”
“No, I think it’s nice. Helping the little guy out. Hell, if my brother and me had had some lawyer to help us out when we were little…” Dean trailed off before shaking his head. “Anyway, what do you-“
"Dean....hear me out, ok? And if you don't like what you hear then I can help you hide from Michael."
King Samuel II was a judicious ruler, but was fair to the point of extremes. Everything was black and white in his eyes and no mercy should be shown for those who broke the law with uncorrupted motivation. This made him unpopular with many citizens of the lower class who were plagued with threats of imprisonment for daring to steal food, or defend themselves against those who meant them harm. Samuel had raised David at his side, training him in all that he would need to know in order to
“I don’t need to know the whole story here…but you have to give me something to work with.” Ellen said. “I don’t mind lying for you if you think that you need protection from something or…someone. But I gotta know what I’m getting myself into.”
“Fella I helped out a few years back, he lives a couple of hours west of here. He had a wraith in his hospital and unfortunately he caught a big glimpse of the thing so there was no hiding it from him. He was pretty grateful when it was all over so I’m thinking I can call him up and call in a favor.” Bobby explained. “He’s a doctor and maybe I can get him to help you out off the books.”
“But, Sam Winchester appears to be real.” Kevin jumped in. “But we have no idea who Robert Singer is.”
He reached up and gripped Cas’s hand where it sat on his arm and laced their fingers together before lifting his head to see Cas staring at the TV.
They chatted for a few minutes before the other guy had to go. Dean went back to swiping and once again got a notification that the blue eyed man with the dreamy blue eyes matched with Dean. He quickly learned the man’s name was Castiel. After they had gone through some basic opener conversation, Cas got straight to the punch.
“No that’s not that, Sam. How can he have a stronger claim? Our grandfather was the King, this guy’s grandfather was a farmer or something. He’s never been to court, he’s never been royal, he would ruin the country.”
Castiel nodded seriously before picking up the drink and taking a cautious sip. He grimaced a little as he swallowed it down. However, probably out of politeness he went to take another sip.
“Ellen, you’re freaking me out here.” Dean said, rubbing the arms of the chair he was sitting in. Ellen chuckled.
“I asked Ellen to give you a job. You can put some money aside, maybe you’ll wanna go back to school someday.” Dean made a face and Bobby was quick to keep talking “Or maybe you can just pay me back for that car I’m giving you.”
Over the next two weeks preparations continued full steam ahead towards Dean’s coronation which was rapidly approaching. Dean supposed it was a good thing they hadn’t halted plans just yet. But the High Council also hadn’t yet thrown away Marv’s petition to the throne.
“Well, probably not right now, but the bones of their middle ear and nerve endings from the brain are developing and they will be able to start hearing things like your heartbeat. Eventually, they will be able to hear and sometimes even react to sounds outside of the womb.”
Cas nodded and pulled Dean in for a quick kiss before releasing his hands to let him leave the room.
Cas’s tongue was currently shoved in Dean’s mouth when he felt a fluttering in his stomach. He froze mid-kiss and Cas pulled back with a concerned look.
“Well, I met Cas my freshman year and I didn’t have a lot of friends and neither did he. We met up when we were put on a group project together in a psych class.” She ran a hand through her hair and she sighed. “Look, I’m not a nice person or whatever. But for some reason Clarence – Cas – seems to like me. He’s always been a really good friend to me and I don’t like the idea that someone may be fucking with him online. He grew up in a really religious family. Like, super religious. But last year he came out to me and he’s been really open about his sexuality since then and I know it’s not ok with his family. I don’t want him to settle for some jerk on a dating website because he’s afraid that nobody will accept him in real life.”
“Dad?” Dean said, “Dad, can we-can we go do this in the other room? It’s just, Sammy’s gonna be out in just a second…”
Not to mention, Dean was sure that he would have plenty of new items added to his wardrobe over the next few weeks. He didn’t have quite the array of pants and vests and jackets and who knows how many pairs of shoes he might need. He was going to miss his t-shirts he thought with a tinge of regret.
“You know…taken care of….and I didn’t want that. I mean, I’m obviously not father material, but I couldn’t just kill it. But I was still seventeen at the time and he legally could have made me so I ran and ended up here. And now I’m eighteen so technically he can’t make me get rid of it but we don’t always do everything above board so I need to stay away from him until the baby is born.”
Dean had rolled his eyes at Charlie’s first mention of the dating app. He was convinced that he didn’t need a phone to hook him up with a date.
Male carriers could only become pregnant from another guy and Dean never imagined himself as anything but heterosexual. Not until a few months ago at least. And the results of that experiment were enough to scare him away from men forever.
But Bobby would only let him be a bum for so long. After four days he dragged Dean into the bathroom and told Dean in no uncertain terms that he would not be leaving until he had showered and brushed his teeth. Once he was clean he found his dirty clothes were missing from his room. He changed into a pair of clean pajamas and went downstairs.
“Good. He’s in day care right now and he’s been doing really well getting along with the other kids.” Dean said. And like that, Dean was off talking about Adam and then Sammy while Cas offered his own updates on the people in his life that he had told Dean about. It seemed like the awkwardness had passed and things were just how they were supposed to be.
“Ok Cas.” Dean said, sounding suddenly exhausted. “So what’s the endgame here? Cause if you want out now is a good time. And I can’t say that I’d blame you.”
“Yeah, I mean, you make it kind of hard to be mad at you and I mean, it’s not like you dragged me here. I can help you make your ex-boyfriend jealous for a night.” Dean smiled.
“Hello Dean. I will be leaving shortly to go to the library for my first shift. I just wished to stop by and say good morning before I left.” Cas said. Dean noticed that he had ditched the trench coat he wore often and was instead only wearing dress pants and a button up, sans tie.
Dean felt like the question should annoy him. He was already actively trying not to think about his father and his own issues with his sexuality and bringing up the constant reminder he carried on his person would probably not normally be the best route to take. But Dean actually found himself smiling fondly.
“Oh” Cas said, somewhat faintly. “I had heard Casterbury had legalized gay marriage but didn’t realize it applied to the nobility.”
“I’m right here, just ‘spaced out’ as you usually say.” Cas stated. He kissed Dean’s head and turned back to the tv.
The silence was like wet blanket over the room. Dean wished he could at least hear the ticking of a clock but all his digital one did was stare at him from its spot on the nightstand. Sam sat in the armchair in the corner, his backpack slumped at his feet.
“-You will then be greeted at the Palace by your new secretary, Bela, who will escort you to your meeting with the High Council before you will be taken to St. Charles to pay your respects.”
Where to even start unpacking all of this information. Michael described a terrifying future where Lucifer would rise and the two brothers would clash for dominance over the Earth because God had commanded it so.
“Sexuality is nothing to be ashamed of, Dean.” Cas said earnestly. “It is simply a part of the human experience.”
Dean almost laughed at the clinical way Cas was describing going on a date. Dean really hated to break Cas’s heart. He was looking at Dean with such an unsure expression. And it wasn’t that Dean wouldn’t enjoy going on a date with Cas. He loved nothing more than shooting the breeze with the other man during his shifts at the Roadhouse, and he certainly wasn’t hard on the eyes. But Dean was pregnant and nobody knew. And if they knew he was pregnant then they would have to know exactly how he got himself into that situation and Dean wasn’t sure he was ready to deal with that. Not to mention the fact that he was pregnant. Why would he want to drag Cas into that mess? He was going to have a baby in a few months…why would Cas wanna date someone knocked with someone else’s kid?
Charlie gave a “sure thing” over her shoulder and then the door closed. Dean looked down at his phone where Charlie had downloaded the app. He took another swig of his beer before leaning forward and placing it on the coffee table. He settled back in and opened the app and upon logging in with a tap to the Facebook icon faces started popping up.
Cas pulled his hand free from where Dean had it clutched in a death grip and used it to gently touch Dean’s cheek.
John’s voice broke the silence in the room and shocked Dean out of his stupor. He looked up to see John staring at him now.
“I had just found out maybe two days before. My dad wanted me to get rid of it so I panicked and ran. The only place I could think of was here.” Dean answered, “I was going to tell you. But I just kept taking too long and after a while, I had already been lying for a while so I wanted to keep putting it off because I knew you’d be angry.”
“I just wanted to reiterate that I did not doubt your identity until 24 hours ago. I fully believed that you had no reason to lie to me. It was only when they were having difficulty finding information on you that I began to fear that I had been duped.”
“I’m sure no one thinks you’re a burden, Cas.” Dean said. Cas sighed and nodded as if he had already been told this.
Cas was attempting to explore a new wing of the palace when the distinctive voice of Crowley interrupted his wanderings. He turned to find the impeccably dressed councilman behind him.
The next great surprise came at a press conference later that day. Dean, now wearing a less flashy crown and a more appropriately sized one, had announced that due to his recent discovery of his royal Winchester familial line he had decided that his house would be styled as Winchester and not Campbell. He felt that while he loved his Uncle and Grandfather (one more than the other perhaps) it was time for a change and maybe this would continue to help shift public image away from any negative feelings they had held towards the previous ruler.
“Thanks, Cas” Dean said. He smirked and raised an eyebrow, “You can’t say I didn’t warn you though.”
“Um, Ellen.” Cas’s muffled voice came through the door, “There is a man here asking for Johnny Walker Blue and I cannot find any. He is not pleased.”
“Cas, how have you been? What brings you to the palace?” Dean asked. He wasn’t sure exactly what answers to those questions would honestly make him happy so he held his breath waiting for the response.
Cas nodded eagerly and took a step towards Dean. He made a few movements that were quickly aborted. His arms went up slightly as if for a hug, then he stuck one hand out as if he were going to close the deal on their business transaction. He laughed and rubbed the back of one of his hands across his brow, obviously nervous as well as excited.
“Cas very much wants to believe that you are who you say you are.” Gabe said. “A friend of his was concerned that you may be deceiving him which is why they contacted the show. We really want to bring the two of you together to meet for the first time. Is that something that you want to do?”
Bobby and Cas stood frozen and Crowley’s eyes swung to the door, perhaps not expecting Dean so quickly.
“Want to see if the pizza in the cafeteria has gotten any worse?” he said, effectively ending the conversation. Dean huffed out a laugh.
“You did great, Dean.” He murmered. “Just relax now, you don’t have anywhere to be for a few hours.”
“How are you five months pregnant and nobody noticed?” Ellen asked. Dean let out a soft exhalation of breath as a sort of chuckle.
“Dean” Ellen asked. Dean jerked out of his thoughts and looked up at Ellen staring down at him with a concerned expression.
“And what makes you think that I would break Dean’s heart?” Cas asked, also abandoning his cooling tea on the small table between them.
“Come on Dean. Don’t act stupid. We’re going to take you to the clinic and we’ll get rid of the problem.” John sighed again and walked over to Dean, putting a hand on his shoulder. “Sammy will never even have to know.”
“Cas, could you head back behind the bar please?” Came Ellen’s voice. There was a momentary pause as if Cas were hesitating. “Just for a little bit longer. I’ll come and relieve you in a few minutes.”
“Well yeah but he still got the one picture on the dating website, couldn’t he have taken another to send to you?” Gabe prodded on. Cas shrugged.
“Just a water, thanks.” Dean responded. Ellen smiled and took the glass, filling it with some ice and water. She placed it back in front of him.
He thought of Cas again. He didn't even say goodbye. Maybe he should turn around and talk to Bobby and Ellen. There had to be something they could do. But how could they plan for an apocalypse that Dean knew was just happening "eventually." No, this was the best plan. He had to get away and get underground where he could protect himself, his child, and everyone around him. The one thing Michael had said was that he was important somehow. If he couldn't be found then there couldn't be an apocalypse, right? The radio clicked on again and Dean glanced at it, his brow scrunching. Just as he reached out to turn it off again the tuning knob began turning and static bled through the speakers. Dean was just about to pull off onto the side of the road when the radio suddenly shut back off.
“You gonna sit down?” Bobby asked. He kicked the chair across from him out. Dean pulled the chair out a little further to accommodate his stomach and sat down. He twiddled his fingers in his lap and couldn’t seem to tear his eyes away from his hands. Or was it that he couldn’t bring himself to look up at Bobby? Either way, there was quite the awkward silence.
Nobody could have predicted that breast cancer would take Mary away when Dean was just 18 years old. The entire country mourned with John, Sam, and Dean as they walked grimly behind her casket being paraded through the street, John looking like he’s rather crawl inside the casket with her.
He just hated the idea of the burden he would put on the man. Bobby would let him stay because he was a good man but what about after Dean had the baby? It’s one thing to let a pregnant teenager crash in your spare room but having a single, teenage father with a screaming baby living under your roof was a completely different story.
“Well, one day down. Just have to get through the rest of our lives.” Cas answered. Dean smiled and pulled Cas into another sweet kiss before he departed to get the butler.
“Ok so I’m gonna go talk to Sammy and then I’ll be back.” Dean said. Cas rubbed his thumbs over Dean’s skin.
“No…I’ve kind of been trying to stay off the radar so I figured it probably wouldn’t be a good idea.” Dean answered.
Dean shook his head to clear away those thoughts again. He hadn’t thought about that night in several weeks. If he did keep the baby and continued with the pregnancy he could guarantee that he would think about it every single night for the next eight months at the least. He couldn’t run away from it and pretend it never happened as they had all been doing. He carried the proof of it in his belly. That thought spurned another that pierced a sharp bolt of dread through him. What about the other father? What if he found out and wanted to take the baby or wanted Dean to kill it? He knew these thoughts were fairly irrational, as they were several states away at this point and the odds of any information getting back to him were slim to none. Especially since the only person who knew so far was Dean and he was alone in a bathroom.
“Piece of junk froze up on me again. I hate computers.” Ellen sighed and turned away from the computer, taking in Dean and Bobby with their plates of food on her desk and their chairs pulled close.
“No, Annie was a code word.” Ellen explained. “Back when we used to hunt together if he called me ‘Annie’ it meant that I needed to be on my guard and ready to fire or jump whatever we were hunting but he couldn’t openly say that. Usually if whatever monster was right nearby wasn’t supposed to know that I was armed or if we were in a public situation. The message was proof that it was him, nobody else knew that and I mean no one. He was using our code but telling me it was ok to trust Anna.”
“Man, I told you I’m not watching the sad kids with cancer movie!” Dean said as Cas laughed. “The one movie you’ve seen in the past ten years and it’s that one.”
“Ok, enough with the human sexuality class.” Dean deflected. He was not about to have his date with Cas veer off into a discussion of sexual politics. Somewhere in the back of his mind he knew he would probably need to think about his sexuality and deal with his issues with his father. But the time and place was not right now and this line of discussion could only veer off into dangerous territory. He leaned forward and put the now empty popcorn bowl on the coffee table before leaning back and stretching out his legs. He turned back to Cas who was looking at him curiously. “What?”
Dean reached up and tried to push Will but found him immovable. Physically, Will was slighter in form than Dean and he should have had no trouble pushing him off. Dean continued trying to push Will’s hands away or sit up but Will’s hands flew up and Dean found himself pinned to the door with an iron hand at his throat.
“Uh…I think so. Is that that show where you bust old dudes pretending to be hot chicks on the internet?”
He walked up the creaky porch steps and knocked on the door. He was met with the wrong end of a shotgun.
He spent a few minutes scrolling through guys and swiping either right or left before he came across one that notified him that the other man had swiped right as well.
So they went and got pizza. It had gotten worse. They each still ate two slices and then groaned about their poor stomachs back in their room.
“Oh, far more than I could tell you in the” Crowley checked his watch, “5 more minutes we have until this plane lands.”
“You are operating on the assumption that men with what you deem to be ‘masculine’ and ‘badass’ occupations cannot also be homosexual.” Cas answered. “I believe that hunting is typically a masculine occupation, is it not?”
“Ok, let’s see here.” Gabe muttered, scrolling through the website. “So we have the one picture that anyone has seen of this guy. It’s clearly a man, looks tall-ish, some muscle, and blonde hair. Not quite a model but still a good looking guy. He’s leaning against some sort of classic car.”
“Please, can we just let him sleep for a few more minutes?” Cas asked, looking at Crowley who was leaning forward in his seat.
Dean was momentarily distracted as a gruff looking gentleman came up with his empty glass. Cas watched with a fond smiled as Dean shot a few friendly barbs back and forth as he refilled the man’s whiskey. Once the man had gone again, Dean turned back to Cas.
“Dean is twenty two.” Cas replied. “He has a younger brother who is eighteen and their half-brother, Adam is about to turn three”
Dean resisted the urge to wrap his arms around his stomach, as if to protect from John’s hateful glare.
‘Being royalty means you don’t even have to dial your own phone’ Dean thought, wryly. He raised the phone to his ear and grumbled out a “Hey” to Sam on the other side of the line.
When Dean next opened his eyes he glanced around at the ornate room in which the angel had transported them. The walls were a rich burgundy and there was incredibly soft carpet beneath his feet. He glanced around at the book shelves that lined the walls, but as he tried to make sense of the words on the spines he couldn’t make out their writing. It was like it was in a foreign language, but he was sure the words were in English. He felt tingling on the edges of his vision but when he turned towards them, he just saw more bookshelves, and art work, and furniture. But no door. It was as if he were in a video game where everything only existed as he looked at it, but when he turned away it muddied into nothing. Michael was already standing behind a tall backed chair and gestured for Dean to sit on the equally decorative couch. It was the kind of furniture with overly fussy carved wood and cushions that had fancy designs on the fabric that probably looked nice but made them feel all scratchy.
“Yeah, yeah. Guess I can’t hide in the plane forever.” Dean raised Cas’s hand to his mouth and pressed a small kiss to the knuckles before turning to Crowley where he stood with the small crew aboard the plane. “Alright, I’m ready.”
“Can we talk about something else?” Dean asked, desperately. Cas was quiet for a moment before nodding.
“Um, in my research it indicated that often a successful first date would be closed with a goodnight kiss.”
“I’ve been seeing that Marv guy on the news and I just knew how important being King was to you so I figured there had to be something I could do. I called Bobby and we went through the library at Winchester Manor and found these.”
True to Jo’s words earlier in the day, Dean was taken directly to the palace and was met by Bela Talbot. They had a brief meeting of introductions before she ran him through his itinerary for the day. Despite the fact that it was nearing 5 AM, he was not allowed to bed yet. Tradition dictated that he was first required to head straight to the High Council.
Dean’s heart did that stupid thing where it skipped a beat. He would have to go outside and chop some wood or….bench press a bison or something to get his manliness back with all of the rom-com moments he was having today. But he was in for a penny, in for a pound at this point so he made a split second decision.
“Nah.” Dean answered, shaking his head, “I’m basically 4th in line for the throne. But they would have to go through my grandfather, my uncle, and my cousin first.”
“For someone who doesn’t drink much you sure picked an interesting place to live.” Dean said. He pulled out his bar rag and began wiping down the counter next to Castiel. Not because it was dirty but because he needed an excuse to stand there and make conversation.
“We’re still trying to figure that out. There was a charity function this evening and they arrived in separate vehicles. We are unsure yet why one of the drivers would depart from the event knowingly carrying the king and crown prince in the same vehicle. Unfortunately, the driver also perished in the crash. We will, however, continue to investigate the nature of the incident.”
"God, I am so sick of angels today." Dean said as he rubbed his eyes in frustration. "Well I already talked to Michael and I'm a little talked out. I got the gist of it though. I have Michael's evil baby. Lucifer shows up. The world goes boom."
He had met Ellen, who seemed stern but warm hearted. She loaded him up a plate with food, gave him a soda, and gave him the ‘hurt him and they’ll never find your body’ speech all with a smile on her face and within the span of five minutes.
“We’ll talk about it later” Gabe waved away Kevin’s snipe. Kevin rolled his eyes but stopped fiddling with the camera and pulled up a chair next to Gabe. He pulled out yet another camera (a small digital one this time) and looked at the screen that Gabe had pulled up.
Dean spent most of the next day lying around in bed. Normally, he would be puttering around Bobby’s or working downstairs. But Ellen wasn’t sure about having him work while his dad was in the area, although Bobby assured them both that John was still out of town. Dean was glad that Ellen was being so careful, as he knew that John tended to show up unexpectedly and never adhered to any sort of schedule. The last thing they wanted was another close shave.
“I told him that I was doing it and he said that he didn’t care.” Meg answered, shrugging. “I’m not sure if it’s because he didn’t think I would actually do it or if he is so convinced that this guy is real that he doesn’t think it will matter.”
Dean complied and the doctor placed one hand on his back and with the other he gently probed Dean’s chest, working his way towards Dean’s nipple.
"Before we could figure out the best way to help, Castiel was found out. He was caught by a former friend, an angel named Uriel. He was turned in and they cut out his grace."
“Was that your boyfriend?” Sam asked. Dean almost wished he had asked it in an annoying tone so he could smack him in the head.
“Ok Romeo. Let’s get your brother on the line so you can finally get some sleep. You’re getting delusional.”
“Yes, he knows you’re coming.” Meg answered. “He’s a little upset with me but I think he’s ready to meet Dean as well so he’s cool with it.”
“Good morning, Cas!” Came Gabe’s chipper voice from behind the camera. Cas grumbled but let the crew in.
He couldn’t stay behind the bar. Not if John was around. But he was going to be fine. Cas was getting Ellen and Dean would explain….well he would think of something. But he would just ask Ellen to take over behind the bar and maybe Bobby could talk to her later? Dean’s thoughts were cut short at the sound of the main entrance door opening.
“Sometimes. There actually isn’t official etiquette for what you have to do, but most people just do it out of habit or because they think they’re supposed to.”
Dean rubbed his forehead, feeling a headache coming on. It’s not that he wanted Bobby to kick him out, or at least demand he find somewhere else to go when the baby came. But Dean couldn’t dump his life and his problems anymore on Bobby, Ellen, Jo, or anyone else for that matter.
Dean rubbed his eyes after shrugging on his suit jacket. An aide behind him brushed off the shoulder pads as it settled around his frame. The plane had landed about 10 minutes or so ago and Cas had regretfully awoken Dean from his brief nap to change. There had been no time at the manor to change from what Dean had already been wearing but there was no way Crowley was letting him off that plane in anything other than a full black suit. They’d had to dig through his garment bags and luckily found that Bobby had thrown in a black shirt along with his black suit. It wasn’t full mourning dress but it would do until he could get to the palace. The rest of his wardrobe would be at the palace within a day or so.
“Oh, Dean” Ellen said. She looked like she was going to reach out and put her hands on his bump but thought better of it. Instead she reached forward and took his hands to lower his sweatshirt back down. And then she enveloped him in a hug. Dean paused for a moment before lifting his arms to return the hug. They stood there for almost a minute before Dean fully relaxed and let his head fall to Ellen’s shoulder. Her hand came up and he could feel her fingers begin to card through his hair.
“I said, I don’t want to do that.” Dean replied, a little stronger this time. “I don’t want to kill it.”
"Yes, but I didn’t want to meet him under these circumstances.” Cas said. He paused in his packing and turned to Meg. “Our relationship has been wonderful and now he feels pressured into meeting me because he thinks that I think he is a liar.”
“Maybe, he hasn’t updated the page for a while. If he’s been dating Cas then he probably wouldn’t be as active on here.” Gabe said, trying to be positive as usual.
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Dean mostly putzed around the town for an hour or so. He hadn’t checked out much of it and it seemed pretty nice. Very Pleasantville. Makes him wonder what would make a bar like the Roadhouse a hunter hotspot. He cruised the car slowly down the main street. He may have gone a little slower than the speed limit so he could look around but there was little to no traffic so nobody seemed to notice or care. He took in the little boutiques and coffee shops. There was a diner that looked like it hadn’t changed since the 50’s. He decided he would have to come back another day to walk around and check out whether the diner had good burgers.
Ellen and Dean parked and headed up through a side entrance. They ignored the signs pointing to the front desk and made their way up to the fourth floor where they met Bobby’s MD friend.
“I didn’t have any doubts.” Cas spoke up. Dean smiled at him. “I never once doubted anything you said to me. But, my friend had concerns that I was being naïve and contacted Gabe and Kevin to help me. And in a way, I’m glad that they did. Because I’m here now and I get to see you and spend some time with you.”
Dean wasn’t sure why he was asking. Obviously if someone’s willing to lie once then they’re probably willing to lie twice but there was something about Castiel he just trusted.
Dean left shortly after his conversation with Ellen. She didn’t have many more details for him, save that Anna had left and Cas had shown up only a few days later. Ellen had no idea what Cas was needed for or why an angel from heaven would be needed to protect Dean.
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Dean sat with his mind reeling in the formal sitting room. Lord Crowley excused himself, both to give Dean a chance to collect himself and to inform members of the household of the change so that they could assist in readying Dean to leave as soon as possible.
"This is not your son." Dean managed to say between gritted teeth. "Just because you were riding around in some guy does not make it yours."
John was…here? Here. John was in town. John was potentially spitting distance from the Roadhouse. Holy shit – John could be IN the Roadhouse. Dean spun around in a jerky circle, quickly taking in the faces in the bar and somehow convinced that John had snuck past him and was stalking him like a lion on the Serengeti. He took a few calming breaths as he realized that John wasn’t here. He had to get his shit together. John wasn’t here, but that didn’t mean that he couldn’t show up any second. He let out one last rush of breath and nodded to himself. He turned back to Cas to find him off his stool. He was standing and had taken a few steps to the entrance of the back of the bar. He looked at Dean like a spooked animal.
"I don’t know. We’re hearing all of this second hand. Maybe this Cas guy video chats with his boyfriend and hasn’t told his friend!” Gabe said. Kevin let out an exaggerated sigh.
“Hell yeah. Nothing more badass than fighting bad sons of bitches and protecting innocent people.” Dean answered.
“It’s just a joke Cas,” Dean laughed. “You know, because you have to be quiet in libraries so the librarian has to shush people to keep them from being too loud.”
“Ok, well the only way to do that is to determine whether Dean is for real. And whether he is or not, we want you to know the truth and finally get you two to meet face to face.”
“Sam I don’t know what I’m going to do. Crowley says this dude is legit and we could have a real problem on our hands.”
“Well, we can try. You never know.” Ellen smiled over at him. Dean settled back in his seat for the remainder of the drive.
Anna sighed and looked at Dean, her kind hazel eyes having a calming effect on him. He found his hands slipping from the steering wheel almost without his consent and flopping into his lap. He was suddenly very tired as all his adrenaline from his decision to bolt quickly flew right out of him.
It was becoming harder and harder to imagine telling Bobby. Especially now that he would have to add Ellen and Jo to the list of people who had to know. And the longer he kept it secret, the worse it was going to be when it finally came out. But when he found himself standing in front of one of them with the secret sitting on his lips he just couldn’t make the words come out. This led to several awkward conversations and speedy getaways from Dean.
“Eh, not really. It’s mostly boring anymore. All these people have their plastic, electric cars and it’s just not what it used to be. No offense, I mean.” Dean added, quickly remembering the Prius they had driven in to town. Cas was districted again but quickly brought his attention back to Dean.
Dean scanned his surroundings and saw the little alcove under the counter where they usually stored the rack with the clean glasses. It was currently empty. Dean scurried underneath and curled his knees up to his chest to be sure he was completely hidden. Luckily, the Roadhouse wasn’t the type of place to have a mirror behind the bar or his hiding place would be given away immediately.
him wrong, Dean was very much enjoying things as they were. But Cas liked to pepper their dates with seemingly random questions.
Dean had just grabbed his toothbrush and begun applying toothpaste, poking his head back out the door.
Dean had left that night and walked to the nearest bus station. He had enough cash in his pocket for a ticket so he picked the one leaving soonest and hopped on. But he was no idiot. He knew his dad would try to follow. So as soon as he arrived at the first town he went to the nearest bar (with his fake ID) and conned a few men at pool. With his new money he bought 3 tickets going in opposite directions and then picked one at random to actually get on. After he pulled a similar trick a few more times, he finally bought one for Sioux Falls and found himself walking into Singer Salvage. It was about two weeks after he had fled from his father.
The two brothers laughed. They knew they still had a lot to talk about. But this was off to a pretty good start.
Dean found himself wiping down the counter one slow afternoon and glancing curiously at the man at the end of the bar. Castiel, Jo had said that he was called. He came down, requested a glass of water and then buried his nose in his book which appeared to be some Russian novel. Dean was trying to think of some conversation starter but he couldn’t seem to think of anything. The man never asked for any beverage aside from water, Dean couldn’t exactly strike up a conversation about Russian literature, and he had no idea where the guy was even from. But he did know that he was tired of wiping down the counter so he decided to find something else to do.
preparations for various state dinners and events. The palace would be hosting plenty of guests leading up to the coronation who needed to formally greet the new leader of Casterbury.
The weeks rolled by and the semester was almost over and Dean and Cas were just getting into, what Dean considered, a really good make out session when Cas pulled away.
But now, as he stared at Castiel at the end of the bar he decided to make him a drink. From looking at him you would think that he might drink either bourbon or whiskey straight up. The sound of his voice certainly gave credence to that line of thought. The man was either downing whiskey every morning or gargling gravel. But no, he decided to make Castiel a Tom Collins. So he mixed the ingredients in the shaker, poured it over some ice in a small cup, walked to the end of the bar, and dropped it in front of Castiel who glanced at the cup before raising his eyes to Dean.
"Oh, well that makes sense. It used to be his phone. He gave it to me when he got a new one a few years ago because my dad wasn’t working and I couldn’t afford one.” Dean said.
“Let’s just remember to keep an open mind.” Kevin was advising from the back seat. “He could be exactly who he says he is and everything could be true. But we have to remember that some or all of what he has said could be a lie, or he could be hiding something. I think we just need to be prepared for every circumstance.”
“Yeah, but I was thinking if he’s still looking for me then maybe he’d want to leave Sam behind, you know? Because he has to lie to Sam about why I’m gone so maybe he’d be happy to be done with the hassle.”
Dean and Cas spent a few beats just smiling and staring. Each not believing that the other was really there. Gabe finally interrupted.
“Whoa” Kevin said. He zoomed the camera in on the name that had appeared with the phone: Robert Singer, Age 48, Lawrence, Ks.
The royal met Castiel’s eyes over Bobby’s shoulder. Cas shrugged, shifting the clothes hanging around him in the slightly cramped closet. He stepped out of the closet and instead flopped down on the bed. Dean felt himself shrink momentarily under Bobby’s hard eyes but eventually broke the staring contest.
Thank you everyone for the encouraging comments. I know it's been almost a year since the last update. Things kind of fell apart for me last year, and I know 2020 was rough all around. But I am committed to finishing this story so I promise if you stick with me, we will finish this. I can't make any update promises, but I'm doing my best.
“That’s fancy, you gonna be a librarian?” Dean asked, continuing to putter around the bar. There weren’t many people in the bar right now so all Dean was doing was keeping an eye on a few people who may need refills soon.
“You look fine, Dean.” Cas said, pulling Dean’s hand away from his brow where he had been fussing with his hair again. Dean sighed and squeezed Cas’s hand.
“Of course, I apologize. I suppose it did not occur to me that since you were with child, of course you must already be in a relationship?” Cas asked, nervously.
“She said….well she said that she was an angel and that she borrowed a meatsuit to help a friend and that I needed to help her. She said that she came down from Heaven to warn me that Castiel would be coming and that I needed to help him at all costs. That it was cosmically important that he be protected until he was needed.”
“It’s going to be ok Dean. We’ll figure it out.” Ellen said, soothingly. “It’s not the end of the world.”
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"I'm not just going to let you winged assholes just swoop down here and destroy everything." Dean said.
“My oldest, Dean.” John answered. “It was a few weeks ago. I’m not sure if it’s just teen angst or whether something got him to leave but I was tracking him for a bit until the trail went cold. I guess I was hoping that he either showed up here or at Bobby’s at some point or at least maybe someone came through who may have seen him. He’s almost six feet, blonde hair, green eyes? He’s only 18.”
He jumped as a glass was put down on the table in front of him. He looked up to see an older, brunette woman throwing a towel over her shoulder.
“What are you, some demon?” Dean asked. “Did you possess this…this kid?” He gestured to the meatsuit that “Will” was wearing.
With a brief pat to his back the aide stepped away from Dean and bowed his head briefly and allowed Dean to add any last minutes touches to his own appearance in the small mirror placed in front of him.
“No, I don’t wanna do that.” Dean said, nervous to look at his father. He felt John’s hand tighten on his shoulder.
“Let’s try running his name through facebook. See if he really doesn’t have one.” Kevin said. Gabe complied, and typed ‘Dean Winchester’ into the search bar of the website. There were a few who popped up but none looked like the Dean Winchester on the dating profile and none were located in Kansas.
“It does sound like it could work. I would have to bring it to the council for discussion and put it to a vote. Not to mention, putting together the actual proposal will take a few weeks. We need to be sure that this doesn’t cross any political bounds so we don’t upset the church.”
“Well, technically, I am Prince Dean of the house of Campbell. That’s my formal, royal title.” Dean said, leaning back against his own pillow, a mirror image to his roommate. “My Grandfather is King Samuel the second and my uncle is Crown Prince David.”
“Of course I want to meet, Cas.” Dean said. “I’m just not….I’ll have to talk to a few people. Fuck, you guys aren’t here now are you?”
Dean flopped on his back and stared at the ceiling. This was no longer about him anymore. There was no turning back the clock or undoing decisions. Either he left and didn’t come back, or he gave up on the life inside him. Suddenly, the choice was simple.
“It seems like your typical ‘cool guy profile pic.’” Kevin inserted. “Look at me, leaning against my cool car like I don’t give a crap.” Gabe chuckled.
“Hey so, I had a really good time tonight.” Dean said, after they had parked the Prius back at Cas’s and Dean had walked him to his door. Fake date or not, Dean was a gentleman.
“How can the beverage be ‘on the house’ if it is sitting on this counter?” He asked. Dean let out a burst of laughter but Castiel raised curious eyes and Dean’s laughter petered out as he realized that Castiel was serious.
“You know…you pretend to yawn and stretch your arm so you can reach over and put your arm around your date?”
Castiel chewed on his lower lip and looked down at his fiancé. He could still hardly believe that soon there would be a crown on the head sitting in his lap. He looked back up at Crowley.
“Well, I’ve been sticking to baggy clothes so nobody would notice.” Dean replied. He stood up and lifted his sweatshirt just over his tummy where his growing bump was more noticeable through his t-shirt.
But then Cas was up and kissing him and it was perfect. They broke apart after a minute and stood holding each other for a few minutes longer.
Dean looked thoughtfully at Ellen before deciding to just go with it. He’d heard crazier things in his life, and with all Ellen had done for him he at least owed it to her to hear her out.
“Shit. No questions or anything?” Dean muttered to himself. This was better than any other dating site his brother had convinced him to try. He should have gone to Charlie much sooner.
“That’s impossible. He’s going to love you.” Meg replied, grabbing his hand. They laid there for a few minutes more until a producer came and told them that Cas needed to be ready to leave in a few minutes. He stood up and continued packing.
He headed back to Bobby’s and decided to have a nap. He was feeling more and more tired as the days went by. He wondered if he should try and find a doctor. It probably wasn’t the safest thing to be wandering around as a pregnant carrier when he hadn’t been examined by a doctor in months. That on top of the fact that nobody currently knew he was pregnant other than his father who was, hopefully, not able to find him. Again, he wondered how to tell Bobby. It’s not like he thought Bobby would kick him out or anything. Well, maybe in some deep, self-loathing part of his mind he thought there was a chance it could happen but realistically he knew that Bobby would let him stay.
Dean found himself smiling and gazing fondly as Cas went on and on about his upcoming first day at the library. It would be the next day, from 12-4. He would mostly be learning the lay of the land and maybe doing a little filing but he was over the moon about it. It was adorable. Eventually though, Dean found himself yawning and Cas agreed that they should probably call it a night. As they stood from the couch, Cas insisted on ‘walking Dean home.’
What did happen was Ellen simply ruffled his hair as she took Bobby’s plate away to be washed and Bobby just rolled his eyes and asked Dean if he wanted to get a manicure later. But the warmth in both of their eyes told him that the message was received and appreciated. And Dean just rolled his eyes and went to finish his burger before Ellen came and took his plate away.
“Okay!” David said, standing and placing his clipboard on the counter. He picked up a hospital gown and handed it to Dean, instructing him to step into the little bathroom and change.
Dean had always been very close with his parents, but he was especially close with his mother. He enjoyed it when his father let him sit in on meetings to learn and even more when his dad took him
Dean pressed down on the last corner of his poster, ensuring that the fancy foam sticky things they made him buy were going to hold before turning around and sitting down on his bed.
“Ok.” Dean said, his voice seeming shocking loud in the silence that had fallen over the room. “Everything’s fine…I think. We just need to finish packing and hit the road.”
“Dude, you know like….ten times more than I’ve ever told anyone else. I feel like I’m girl talking all over you half the time.” Dean paused. “You know, I feel like you know more about me than I know about you.”
“Dude, seriously?” Dean said. Will did not acknowledge Dean’s outburst and got to work on trying to pull his pants down. “Hey, come on, knock it off.”
“He said you’re needed at the palace and didn’t say how long you’d be gone for.” Bobby grunted, hefting a now full suitcase off the bed. Dean stepped forward to help but was brushed off.
Just as Dean reached for the handle of his car he glanced up and noticed Cas hadn’t moved to the passenger side.
The next morning Dean headed to the Roadhouse. He wasn’t scheduled to work, but he had to talk to Ellen. He waved at Jo behind the bar and headed in the back towards Ellen’s office. He knocked on the door and steeled his nerves as it swung open.
“I’m sorry. This was stupid.” He played with his fingers before raising one hand up to wipe at his eyes, though Dean didn’t see any tears falling. He looked up again and glanced at the bar before looking down. Dean looked back at the bar just in time to catch a blonde head turning away. Suddenly it clicked into place.
“Chairman Crowley is here for you.” Bobby replied. “And he requested your presence as soon as possible. So I would suggest you make yourself presentable and get to the sitting room.”
“I’m sure it was made well, I just do not find the taste of alcohol to be appetizing, I suppose.” Castiel replied. Dean took the drink back and dumped it down the sink before putting the dirty class in the rack beneath the counter.
It wasn’t until later that Will asked Dean if he could give him a ride home that he thought maybe he had been right after all. Dean had walked from the motel they were staying but it would be nice not to have to walk the 30 minutes it would take to get there. He climbed up into Will’s pick up and they started off towards the neighborhood two blocks over from the motel (because no way in hell was Dean letting Will know his family was living in a Super 8). It should only have been a five minute drive but Will decided he wanted to take the “scenic” route.
Dean entered the small, private room and closed the door. He knew that the privacy was a charade as all of his calls from now on would be monitored. He cut off that train of thought and tried to focus on one issue at a time.
“Of course I do. But when we first started talking about meeting up, we had only been talking for a few months. We cared about each other but it was still new. After that, he had plans to come here and that fell through. But after that, he never brought it up again. So we never talked about it.”
Dean chuckled and turned to look at his new roommate who was already spread out on his bare mattress shoved into the corner of the room.
“As far as I can tell, everything seems to be progressing very nicely. I’ve written down a few prenatal vitamins that you should be taking daily and I have a few pamphlets for you to look at about some lifestyle changes that will help. Things like diet, regular exercise, and enough sleep are key. You will also probably start to feel little movements in the coming weeks and that is perfectly normal. They will feel like little fluttering movements, like butterflies in your stomach. You can try talking or singing to the baby as well, so they learn your voice.”
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________
The next morning found Cas waking up in a hotel room in Lawrence. Someone was knocking at his door and when he answered he found a camera shoved in his face.
Sam looked just like his facebook picture. He was smiling from ear to ear and shook Cas’s hand vigorously when they met. He kept stating that he knew something was up with Dean recently, as he had seemed so happy. Dean put Sam in a headlock when he started saying ‘I told you so’ about the dating profile.
“Yeah, I guess you’re right.” John said. Dean couldn’t see his father’s face but it sounded like he wasn’t 100% convinced that Ellen was telling the truth.
we will go from there. There is no sense in getting all worked up when we have no idea what they will decide.”
same for as long as possible to hearken back to a more “dignified” era, some would say, but Dean highly doubts that having a rotary phone on a jet plane was really helping much of anything.
But Dean wasn’t supposed to be King. From birth he was technically fourth in line for the crown through his mother, Princess Mary. King Samuel II ascended to the throne upon his father’s death with his wife, Queen Deanna, and his two children, Mary and David. Mary was older by two years but David was still the Crown Prince, by virtue of him being male.
“Look, man. We’re not saying it’s all a lie. And almost everything we’ve found hasn’t necessarily proved or disproved anything. In fact, it looks more and more like what he is saying is true, just that he’s such a weird, non-technological dude.” Gabe said, trying to be comforting. Cas nodded and stared at Dean’s profile picture that was up on the screen.
“Ok, well let’s video chat with Meg and see if we can find out more.” Kevin suggested. This was the usual next step in their formula. They video chat with whoever wrote in. They knew that the producers were already in touch with Meg and that she was just sitting and waiting for them to video chat with them. Sure enough, they logged into Skype and there was Meg’s username (NotxUnicorn) and she answered promptly when they called her.
"I don’t know, Gabe. This all does sound a little suspicious. She didn’t mention anything about video chatting and it’s not that hard to send a picture of yourself.” Kevin said, leaning back in his chair.
Dean glared at his new elastic waist pants. He’d almost rather wear sweatpants all the time, but Ellen had been insistent. So he was a new owner of paternity pants, shoes, socks, and shirts (As Ellen had said that his feet would be swelling soon and it couldn’t hurt to have a few shirts with a stretchy stomach area).
“Why don’t we just add Cas to this chat? Instead of doing a whole separate one?” Kevin suggested. Gabe and Dean agreed so Kevin pushed a few buttons and conferenced in Cas.
Dean squinted at his phone. Sufficient? Well, maybe he was a smart dude. They hammered out a few more details before signing off. Looking at the clock, Dean realized he still had a few hours to kill before he had to be at Castiel’s. So he headed out to give Baby a once over, maybe a wax. If he was picking up a hot date he definitely wanted Baby looking her best.
Gabe and Kevin were the hosts of a tv show called Trickster. A few years ago, Gabe was a part of an online chat group and met someone by the name of ‘Trickster.’ He fell in love, believing ‘Trickster’ to be a beautiful Indian woman by the name of Kali. After she refused to video chat and always had an excuse for why they couldn’t meet up, Gabe finally took off his rose tinted glasses and turned to Kevin for help. Kevin and Gabe were not people you would imagine to be friends. In fact they weren’t until after Gabe asked him for his help.
“Hello, Dean” Cas greeted warmly. “I was wondering if you were ready? I asked Ellen and she said that we might enjoy some popcorn so she showed me how to use the microwave.”
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
“And she actually owns the Roadhouse as well.” Dean said. “They’re all inside. They wanted me to bring you by to meet them.” Dean was quick to follow up that statement with “You don’t have to. I get that it might be a lot. I can just call and tell them we’re tired or something.”
To Dean’s surprise, Bobby didn’t look angry. He barely looked upset. If Dean had to place his expression, he would have to say that Bobby mostly looked concerned. But one thing Bobby didn’t look was chatty. This was going to be a long conversation. Bobby didn’t want to have it, nor did Dean, but it was an unfortunate necessity. But that didn’t mean either of them was going to make it easier for the other. Dean finally decided to get the ball rolling.
Dean took a deep breath. Maybe Bobby was right. Dean was putting the cart before the horse with all of these hypothetical situations. The baby still had a few more months before he or she would be making an appearance so there was plenty of time to make arrangements and make important decisions.
“Thank you, just give me one second?” Dean replied. The young girl nodded and disappeared back to the private room beyond the main seating area. Dean felt Cas rise next to him and he gripped his hand tightly before moving further into the cabin towards a couch pushed against a wall.
“No, I mean it.” Dean said. “This whole mess has been completely crazy and I don’t know how I would have gotten through it without you.”
It wasn’t until later, when he was helping Jo close up one night, that she told him that they normally didn’t.
Dean had just barely gotten through the plane taking off and a brief run through of his itinerary for the next day with his secretary, Jo, when a royal aide appeared out of nowhere. He fumbled with the buckle on his flight seat before standing.
“Bobby, he’s here.” Was all Dean got out before he put the phone back down again. He had to think. Keep it together. John would surely be walking over to the bar and he would look down and see Dean hiding in a second. Unfortunately, the door to the back room was on the other side of the bar and would require crossing across the way so that was out.
“Yeah, I can see that. You want to explain what the hell one is doing in our hotel room, on our floor?” John asked, seemingly exasperated with Dean’s lack of response.
“No, Ellen has been very generous to me. However, I do not enjoy being a burden. It will be nice to be able to take care of some monetary needs on my own and perhaps give some money to Ellen for her kindness” Cas responded. “Besides, it will be nice to have a change of scenery a few times a week.”
But Sam left. And Dean moved back into his room at Bobby’s house. He was a little embarrassed looking back at his behavior for the few days after Sam’s departure but he felt like he deserved a little sulk at the time. So he avoided the shower, his laundry piled up, and if he watched Old Yeller once or twice as an excuse to get away with crying….well it was Bobby’s fault for owning the damned movie.
“Yeah but I think it’s what you need,” Dean said. “I’m not saying we’re breaking up or anything but I think this has been a lot for one week. And lucky for you you’re not legally obligated to stay here.”
Dean almost melted at the sound of his brother’s voice through the little speaker of his phone. He hadn’t realized how much he missed him until just then. Maybe it was the adrenaline of initially running away and then going to work at the yard and then the roadhouse that distracted him of thinking about what he left behind.
“I’ve found that approach works best with Ellen” Dean laughed. The two stood from their seats and paused for a moment.
“But yeah, we had a fight and I needed to cool off so I left. I got on a bus and fell asleep and it took me a few days to figure out where I was and by the time I got back you guys were gone and I didn’t know where Dad was headed next.”
“Listen, I need a few minutes for something real quick.” Dean said. “How about you make the popcorn and I’ll be over in a few?”
“Shut up.” Dean replied, icily. “I’m gonna get in my car and you are not going to follow me. And in return, I won’t run your ass over.”
Dean’s heart skipped a beat but he tried to remain calm. Cas hadn’t explicitly said he wanted to get back together. But he certainly had just implied that he expected to be around in the future.
“Yes, of course.” Cas replied, stepping to the side so that Dean could pass by him to the stairs, “I will be in my room if you should need me. Or if you wish to watch television tonight, I am amenable to that. Or we can schedule something within the near future…?”
Dean would be cruel to let Cas flounder for much longer. He huffed a small laugh to himself and stepped into Cas’s space. He didn’t know where this confidence was coming from, when just yesterday he was terrified of Cas kissing him on the cheek. Maybe he felt that he deserved this for surviving the date. Maybe he knew now that going on a simple date with Cas wasn’t as scary as he thought it was going to be. Either way, he lifted his hand to the side of Cas’s face as he babbled.
“Don’t worry about it Dean. We’ll take you to the clinic tomorrow to get it taken care of” John said. He wasn’t even looking at Dean any more. He was just puttering around the kitchen, trying to look like he was too busy to continue the conversation.
“Jo’s got your room set up upstairs. It’s room number 3, you just head up the stairs and it’s the first on the right. The other way down the hall are mine and Jo’s rooms and Cas is in number 4 across the hall from you.” Dean nodded. “Boy, you look dead on your feet. Get on up there and lie down for a bit. I can handle the bar for now.”
“The one thing that all of these things have in common, is Lawrence, Kansas.” Kevin added. “It’s where Dean says he’s from, it’s where Sam’s profile page says he’s from, and Dean’s phone number is a Lawrence phone number.”
Dean’s eyebrows skyrocketed up as Charlie gave him a knowing smile. She stood up off the couch and picked up her bag before giving Dean a Vulcan salute.
How long could he realistically hide this for? He would start showing in about a month, two tops. He could probably play that off with some baggy tops for a while, not like they could ever afford anything that fits anyway. Sooner or later though he wouldn’t be able to play it off as just a little extra pudge. Even if he did, how would he explain a baby randomly appearing? That’s if he managed to go into labor and deliver far away from Dad and Sam.
“Hey Cas.” Dean said with a smile. He shuffled his feet a little and looked around at the cameras. “Not exactly how I pictured our first meeting” He chuckled a little and Cas smiled back.
John seemed to know that playing the Sam card would have some effect. Dean felt his shoulders slump as he considered Sam. How would Sam factor into this problem? Sammy didn’t even fully understand what had happened to Dean that night several weeks ago. Well, he knew some of it but John and Dean had never let him know the full extent of what had transpired.
“Wow, Gabe, that’s the most insightful thing you’ve ever said on the show” Kevin said. Gabe turned and looked directly into the camera.
“I still can’t believe you did this.” Cas said, shoving clothes into his duffel. Then he pulled the clothes back out, folded them nicely, and put them neatly back in to the duffel.
“Yeah, well now that Sammy knows about Cas it was easier to get him to help me use one.” Dean replied.
