“That’s barbaric behavior.”
He stays for dinner and then he stays after, helping Dean get Emma to bed. Even once she’s asleep, he stays and does the dishes while Dean throws a load in the laundry.
It’s another restless night. Maybe some other time, Dean would go to the shooting range or the kitchen, find some way to distract himself. But the bunker is stuffed full of people, most of whom rarely sleep through the night, and Dean doesn’t feel like talking to anyone.
“I’m not sure. At my age, it seems unlikely that I will bond with anyone. Maybe if I didn’t put so much stock into finding a soulmate I could…”
Feeling boldened, Dean lifted his hips and ground down. His thighs trembled slightly with the effort of going so slow but he kept his rhythm, almost choking on his tongue when Cas’ cock brushed against that spot from before.
Cas shifts, looking nervous. “It’s not what I’m programmed for.”
Dean shrugged. His eyes were laser focused on his lap, the pizza slice hanging limply in his hand. He put it back down on the cardboard, his appetite gone. “I don’t know. I didn’t expect things to go this way. I didn’t even really know I
(“Yeah, no more second chances. Jack promised.”
Charlie’s expression softened. “It’s that serious, huh?”
Castiel groans. It’s not the aroused, pained groans he’s been making this past day and a half. This is a more familiar groan, one utterly exasperated with Dean. “You definitely don’t. You must know how attractive you are.”
The conversation moved on after some awkwardly mumbled condolences. Dean held onto Cas’ hand for a little while longer before letting go, and Cas shot him a grateful smile.
Cas’ fingers stop moving. “You haven’t shared your heats with anyone?”
Castiel frowns. “I don’t understand.”
"I just," Dean swallows, squirming in Cas' grasp, "I needed to get away from the cafeteria."
Dean looks back at the photos, something catching in his throat. It hits him just then how fiercely he misses Cain. “I was that obvious, huh?”
Dean just had romantic notions about the android equivalent of a toddler. He’s taken his anger issues out on that toddler twice now. Jesus fucking Christ, Cas has had to deal with Dean’s crap for almost half his life.
“Go ahead,” Eileen says, nudging him with her elbow. “I can take care of the research by myself for a couple of days. I’ve gotten pretty good at it.”
“I’d…. rather you didn’t.”
“So?” he finished with, taking a bite out of his last fry. “You got any advice for me?”
Cas is grinning too, which just looks strange. Sam's eyes dart between the two of them and that feeling of intruding grows ten-fold. He still can't figure out what's so off about the way Dean and Cas interact, but it's something.
"I've been out sick," Cas says.
It’s confusing. When Novak agreed to this deal, Dean was sure he’d try and mount him the very first night, but so far he’s kept his hands to himself. Maybe it isn’t about having an omega for him so much as people knowing he has one. He does seem disgusted by the thought of touching him. Maybe he’s one of those people who think omegas are freaks of nature.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re only saying that ‘cause you’re used to the smell.”
“What’s it to you?” Dean snaps, off-kilter and embarrassed. Apparently, he looks so pathetic now that even unfeeling robots are taking notice. “Just gimme my coffee.”
He trails off. Cas is walking towards him. There’s something in his expression that Dean can’t read, a fond upturn of his lips that’s unlike anything he’s seen on Cas’ face before.
“Hey,” Dean repeated, but without any heat. He couldn’t quite wrap his head around where this conversation was going. “So… does that mean you’ve decided to forgive me?”
Castiel stops short in the doorway. “Crowley! I was just about to-”
Instead, he said, “Well, I’m not.”
Cas nodded absentmindedly, eyes darting down to Dean’s lips. “And now that you’ve… caught your bearings?”
Sam nods grimly. “What do you say, Dean, you in?”
Dean sputtered. “
“… Okay,” Dean said, dread replaced with confusion. Not that he didn’t prefer this to her being uncool about it, but this was seriously weirding him out. Mom was loving, sure, but they’d never been the most outspoken family. “Is this about Cas?”
Cas ignored him, pushing one finger inside up to the second knuckle. It hurt a bit – spit was hardly any substitution for actual lube – but the sting just made Dean even more desperate for it.
, “evocative.”
A couple of hours and three more beers in, Dean had completely forgotten why he’d come to the Roadhouse in the first place. Cas was
Balthazar? He didn’t do anything weird, did he? All he did was introduce them and then bail.
“Sure.”
He’s dying.
He has Sam’s address. He also has a nice car that’s been cooped up in the city for too long and a job he can do from anywhere. There is literally no reason he can’t take off for a few days on a cross-country road trip.
The library has always way colder than the rest of the school. The librarian claims it's because the heating system is busted, and the school's administrators are too cheap to fix it.
A look of what might be disappointment crosses over Jimmy’s face, but then it's gone and he's changing the topic to schoolwork.
“Daphne! Are you leaving?”
They held onto each other’s hands for a little longer than socially acceptable. Finally, Dean dropped his.
“So?” Sam raises his eyebrows. “Just
“And I thought I hated being myself but let me tell ya, being someone else I don’t have any control over is so much worse.”
alpha after all.
“Dean,
Usually by this time of day, Cas would be off in the Men of Letters’ library working on translations or cataloging and Dean would be on the phone helping Garth help out young, out-of-their depth hunters or in the garage, working on one of the beautiful but sadly neglected vehicles left behind there decades ago.
. Had they been exaggerating? How could some guy who wasn’t even into chicks be better than him?
Dean swallowed, dick throbbing in his boxers. Riding Cas had been a new experience to say the least but he’d still been technically on top. This felt
On Emma’s second birthday, Dean discovers that strangers aren’t the only ones who have been mistaking him and Cas for a couple.
were the one who kissed
“Dean,” other Cas breathes as they part. “What…”
Dean feigns surprise. “You could hear it through the wall?”
It takes Castiel a while to answer. “They’re not.”
This is a bad idea. Charlie was wrong, Dean is being a monumental creep right now. He should turn around, maybe there’s a chance Cas hasn’t seen him yet.
Instead, he raises his hand in a small wave. "Hey."
“Steve,” Cas finally says.
Something in Dean’s chest clenched. He leaned in, gave Cas one final kiss goodbye. “I’ll call.”
“Not really,” Dean admits.
So while Dean had been fine with not measuring up to this Castiel dude, he’d at least counted on being better in the one area that counted.
At some point, Cas’ other hand landed on Dean’s waist and it’s maybe the only thing keeping him upright. Dean is on fire, he’s melting, he’s dizzy with desire, almost nauseous, and all they’ve done is make out for a couple of minutes.
Cas doesn’t respond. Judging by the look on his face, he’s deep in thought.
“I, uh,” Dean laughs, hoping it doesn’t sound as forced as it feels. “I was just giving my friend a ride to campus and I figured, since I was already here… you said you had a book I might like? About gay bars?”
The school doesn't actually have an alarm system. Or at least so has Dean heard and tonight, he's counting on that.
Cas cocked his head. He tended to do that when listening intently, Dean had noticed. If Dean thought that kind of thing about other grown men, he’d call it adorable.
Enter. Kiss.
“I wasn’t-” Cas swallows. “You didn’t say anything.”
“Holy shit,” he breathed.
“That’s it?” Dean prompts.
, so warm and wet, Dean couldn’t decide whether he wanted to push into it or pull away. Then Cas was spearing his tongue, pushing it inside him, and Dean’s brain melted into a puddle.
Dean was so busy pretending to be interested in his beer, he missed Castiel coming his way until he was sliding into the seat next to him.
“All I ask,” Dean says, grinning over the rim of his cup as he takes another sip.
interested in you.”
Meg sighs and leans against the locker. “Can we just cut the bullshit for once? I know you’re failing like half your classes.”
He’s about to apologize when a noise catches his attention. It’s a muffled groan, low but unmistakable, and Dean turns his attention back to the scene unfolding before them in shock as the other Cas starts kissing other Dean back, grabbing his jacket and hauling him in even closer.
“So, who proposed?” Sam asks once the hooting and hollering has calmed.
Lily gave them a small wave as they left. “Nice meeting you.”
“What I meant to say is-” Cas glances away, the spell broken. “It’s your expression.”
“Like Cas.”
Another perfect looking cocktail slides into his field of vision.
Only it’s not empty.
He starts walking, and it feels off. Like he’s walking in place but
He hadn’t been expecting this mountain of uncomfortable realities to be brought to his attention. Or really, only the two, but they felt enormous enough on their own.
Dean smiled to himself. This was exactly what he liked so much about Cas. What kind of a grown man used emoticons?
It’s overwhelming. A searing hot pain lancing through him, pooling at his back and spilling outwards. It’s agonizing, and Dean can’t. He can’t breathe, can’t draw it in, it hurts, it hurts,
“I may be a vicious bastard but I’m here to help.” Crowley grins. “Besides, I quite enjoy cracking the whip on you.”
Dean usually avoids the school library like the plague. The place kind of gives him the creeps. Maybe it's the way the corridors seem to stretch endlessly on, despite the fact that the library is really pretty small. Or maybe it's the almost unnatural cold.
“It was my cousin’s.” Castiel glances away, a scowl on his face. “He is of the opinion that I’ve been a virgin for too long and need to ‘get laid’ before I ‘explode’.”
Charlie gaped at him. “Is this a joke?”
“Dean-”
"Oh," Dean says. He runs a hand through his hair, feeling suddenly awkward. "Um. Me too."
“Then kiss me,” he says.
He feels a rush of vindictive pleasure when Dean’s jaw clenches.
Castiel isn’t sure what’s so funny about his choice of outerwear but he smiles back. “Then I will see you on Saturday.”
“I’m… sorry?” Cas said slowly.
also, this time i *really* mean it when i say there's just one more chapter, promise
“Yeah. It’s very,”
“I think so,” she says. “But I don’t wanna rush into something again. So I told her we could try being just friends first, see where it leads us.”
Not that Dean would call them friends or anything but maybe that’s what makes it easier. There are no expectations when he’s talking to Cas. He doesn’t have to be fine.
So, fuck it. Dean was done agonizing over it. He liked being around Cas, the sex was good, what else was there he needed to know? He’d probably get the whole ‘liking dick’ thing out of his system in a couple of weeks, and
“I don’t know,” he lied sullenly.
He found Cas in a small group in the living room, including Meg, Anna, Balthazar, and a bunch of people Dean didn't know yet. Cas jumped slightly when Dean put his hand on his waist but his surprise soon melted into a wide smile when he turned and faced him.
“Maybe never,” Dean argued, biting down on his lip as he got another slap on the ass for his backtalk. “My neighbor’s enough of a perv already.”
“No, I don’t think so,” Dean said, which at least wasn’t a lie. After all, it hadn’t been
Dean swallows. Might as well finish this, push Cas completely away. “No, I don’t.”
It isn’t until he’s in a relationship with Cas that Dean realizes he was basically in a relationship with Cas already.
Cas picks up on the second ring. “I’m on my way.”
Fun fact: Café Lafitte in Exile (the bar
“It’s just me,” Cas says quietly. “This body isn’t a vessel. Not anymore.”
He’d been about to offer Castiel help. The kind of help he’s never offered
He's on his feet and all but running out of the cafeteria before Jimmy can even say anything.
“Are you okay?”
But apparently not.
Dean's eyes widen. "How-"
“Don’t play stupid, you know I could. You were doing it on purpose to annoy me.”
“And our…” Cas looked hesitant for the first time “Our relationship?”
Maybe he’s got a boyfriend, though judging by the way Balthazar was clearly trying to set them up Dean doubts that. Maybe Dean was being too aggressive or moving too fast. Cas might be one of those people who needs to get to know a person before he can even consider dating them.
“I’m Castiel Novak.”
Dean shrugs. "I'm just a little behind."
Cas was looking like he regretted ever demanding an explanation from Dean. “I think I need to sit down.”
The only hitch in the evening happened when Sam brought up the possibility of getting together with Cas’ parents.
“You’re-”
“Cas,” Dean moaned desperately, “I love you.”
Dean took a long sip of his beer. “I guess you’re just that good at getting people to question their sexuality.”
“You know it’s my birthday next week,” Cas said.
Dean nods back, grasping the book tight to his side and turning to leave. He hears Balthazar say something as he walks away but then the doors to the office close behind him.
Not that Cas was anything like Lisa. He didn’t know anything about movies, or tv shows, or anything that had come out in the last like sixty years for that matter. What he did know about was beekeeping and obscure documentaries and video art, which Dean hadn’t even been aware was a thing until tonight.
It’s not a perfect kiss but it’s the closest Dean has ever had.
Castiel shot him an uncertain smile. It looked more like a grimace, like he was deeply uncomfortable with the whole situation but soldiering on anyway for god knew what reason. “Were you looking at me or one of my companions?”
Dean yelps and it’s then that Castiel realizes that he’s picked him up, hands clutching his thighs, Dean’s legs wrapped around his waist.
Damn psychics.
The scent is still there when Castiel gets back home, covering the entire hallway. It is just the slightest bit sour, the frustration more evident than before, and Castiel is torn between pity for the poor omega and satisfaction in the knowledge that Dean is apparently too lousy in bed to please even an omega
Dean raises his eyebrows. “I was not making a face. And how would you know, you weren’t even looking!"
“Oh.” Daphne rubbed her forehead, cheeks pink with embarrassment. “Sorry. I’m not used to ex-boyfriends showing up at my door.”
Dean reddens at that and Castiel decides he’s done having his fun. He just wanted to piss him off a little, not get him in trouble at work. Even though he’s sure Dean has done
The thought flutters through Dean’s mind, a tiny, bitter thing there one moment and gone the next. He’s too comfortable right now to dwell on such negativity, laying on the couch, warm and loose-limbed.
(“You got a dog?”
Cas rolled his eyes but then he was leaning down, kissing Dean’s lips softly. “It won’t work a second time,” he warned as they parted.
Dean smiles wryly. “Being God’s not all that easy, is it?”
Dean looks back at him. His lips quirk, in just the slightest of smiles, and Castiel is once again struck by just how beautiful he is. “Does that mean you wanna keep this going?”
Dean groaned, moving his feet further apart.
Mind made up, Dean pulled up Cas’ number as soon as he got off work on Friday and shot him a quick message.
I figured you had to have told him the truth by now.”
Keith smiles again. It has an edge to it that Dean didn’t notice before. “Let me follow you to your car.”
“I’m sorry,” Jack says, looking it. “It was the only way I had of getting a hold of you.”
He was stopped short by Cas’ lips pressing against his. He closed his eyes, relief blossoming in his chest. At least he hadn’t
Cas’ dick pressed just a little further inside, then he was pulling back out. “I am.”
Cas picked the music, and the margaritas, because it turns out he doesn’t really like beer or hard liquor but he wanted to try getting drunk anyway. Dean’s the sucker who went out and bought all that margarita mix, because he’s finding it more and more difficult to tell Cas no these days.
Before Dean could respond, Cas had flipped their positions, pressing Dean against the table’s edge. Dean’s stomach flipped at the unexpected shift, dick stirring to life in his boxers.
Dean doesn’t seem to notice that Castiel’s worldview is crumbling before his eyes. He looks him over, frowns. “What the hell, I’m desperate.”
“But-”
They never even made it to the bed. The couch was comfortable enough, anyway.
The music goes on for another forty minutes.
Cas looks up from where he’s working the espresso machine and smiles at Dean. “Hello, Dean. You’re later than usual.”
? As in the Roadhouse? Did Castiel and this Meg chick frequent it? Had to, if they knew Ellen’s name.
night; they go out plenty. They tend to feel cooped up if they don’t, much as Dean loves the bunker.
As Dean waits, his phone starts ringing. It’s on silent but the vibrations are obnoxiously loud, almost worse than the ringtone. Dean doesn’t need to check to know that it’s Charlie so he ignores his phone, letting it ring out.
“Dunno what to tell you, Cas. Can’t have those personal experiences if you don’t risk something.”
“Please, call me,” Castiel pleads. “Give me a chance to change your mind. If you don’t believe I’m serious about this then you can loose my number and I won’t bother you again.”
and ran into some serious troubles with censorship and bigotry.
“Married,” Dean reminds him through clenched teeth.
Dean clears his throat, feeling distinctly like he just put his foot in his mouth. “Well, I think you’re doing fine.”
Dean shut him up with another kiss. Cas responded well, crowding him against the back of the couch, one hand cupping Dean’s cheek and grabbing Dean’s thigh and pulling him into a more intimate position. They broke for air, both smiling like absolute fucking saps.
"I said I don't want to talk about it," Dean repeats, voice hard. "Could you just mind your own fucking business for once in your life?"
“Let me finish, asshole. If you’d told me all that earlier then, yeah, I probably would’ve shut down, even with all the time in the world to answer. But this is now, and I’ve lost you too many times to care about my stupid ego or what anyone else fucking thinks.”
"You do that," Cas says.
“I’d rather not.”
“By… sleeping with me?” Cas sounded like he couldn’t believe what he was saying.
“Lovely, but not what I meant.” Cas leaned down, grabbing a fistful of Dean’s hair and forcing him to raise his head. Dean moaned at the sting in his scalp, his cock now fully hard and leaking. “Now,
“Alright, fine. But you gotta remember to take Miracle-”
They're at the bookstore. Sam still feels kind of like he's intruding whenever he hangs out there with Dean and Cas but he's doing his best to ignore that feeling. They're in a public place, after all, so what's there for him to be intruding on?
. But he just got punched in the face and he feels like teaching Keith a lesson about messing with omegas.
“Thank you,” Cas said dryly. “But I do have two requests for you.”
“Yes, Dean?”
It’s all coming back to him. An old wound tearing open again, dragging him down, down, down.
Since Dean and Cas discuss queer history in this chapter, I thought I'd leave some links!
"Of course."
He offered a beer to Cas, who turned it down.
They both go limp, Dean resting his weight against the couch and Castiel half on-top of him, still locked together and breathing like they’ve just run a marathon.
“Yes,” Cas agrees. He smiles and Dean didn’t even realize how much he missed the sight of it until just now. “I forgive you but you have to stop getting mad at me for trying to be nice.”
He moves to get up, but Cas grabs his hand, holding him still. He doesn’t look shocked or disturbed. Dean can’t read his expression at all, can’t tell what that searching look in his eyes means.
Then he realizes where it’s coming from.
“I walked,” Dean replies.
“You need to accept some help already,” Dean says. “This can’t be normal.”
He’s gone.
“I wouldn’t- uh-” Dean sputtered, and he could feel his face turning even redder than before. “I-I mean…” he could feel the words coming, knew what he was about to say, and as much as he didn’t want to, he didn’t feel capable of stopping. “Yeah, sure.”
tonight already.”
“No,” he lies, because he’s not up for another one of Cas’ lectures about how gender is a construct.
“I- I’m sorry,” Novak says. “I didn’t realize.”
“Come,” Cas directed, pulling at Dean’s shoulder.
“You ‘suppose’,” Dean mocks. “Gee, Cas, that’s real romantic.”
There was a long pause. “I know,” Dean said, a little annoyed that Cas thought he needed a reminder.
Dean curses him again, but he can’t disguise the quickness of his breath with bravado or pretend those pretty noises tumbling past his lips aren’t there. “Fine,” he says through clenched teeth. “
pressing against his hip.
"I don't want you to leave." That much is true. "I just... I'm sick of everyone butting in. I'm sick of people telling me that they're worried about me."
Cas blinks. “I’m… sorry?”
“Uh.” Dean scratched his chin. “Let’s just say I had something to prove to myself. But I’m way past that now and I have no idea what I’m doing.”
Dean’s hand went slack around hers. Lily pulled it back, looking at once a little wary. “Uh. Nice to meet you?”
Sam is wounded - mostly over Dean and Cas not telling him before they got married, though Dean can tell some part of it is his pride at not seeing this coming - but he’s over it soon enough, once they explain that it wasn’t a big deal, not some proper ceremony, just a quick affirmation of what they already knew.
“No, but if you’re at the University to, say, give me a ride then you’ve got a perfect excuse to ‘run into’ your hot professor. And don’t tell me,” Charlie adds, preemptively cutting off Dean’s argument, “that you have to work. You haven’t taken so much as half a day off since you bought Rocky’s, you can afford a couple of hours.”
“What is?”
"How long?" Dean asks.
Dean hates staying in the same place for too long, says it makes him feel claustrophobic, and he hates it when Dad leaves them to go hunt on his own even more. He never says so to Dad, of course, because that would mean arguing or talking back and Dean never does that. They've only been here a month, Sam thinks sullenly, and they're already leaving. At this rate, he won't graduate high school until he's thirty.
“Huh,” Sam says, quirking his head as if something just occurred to him. “Actually, have you ever asked a guy out?”
“Are you finished eating?” Cas asked. “Because I would like to take my boyfriend to bed right now.”
"Why hasn't it killed more people?" Dean demands.
Dean hesitates but then complies. Maybe the tiny bit of distance will make the endless crying more bearable.
“Yes?”
And suddenly it's too much to take. Sitting across from Jimmy, who is there but not, right in front of Dean but forever out of reach, and not even realizing it. "You died Jimmy. You can't date me, you can't date anyone, because you're a
"It's lovely to see you too," Meg drawls. "It's been so long. How are the kids?" Dean shoots her an unimpressed look and she rolls her eyes. "Relax. I just came by to see how you're doing."
Dean shrugged. “It’s Cas,” he said, as if that were all the explanation needed. Hell, it kind of was.
“I’ve given Hael the next three days off,” Castiel says instead of answering. “I suggest you leave the apartment as well. Meg has offered to house you for the duration of my rut.”
They lie in bed after the last time, bodies pressed together from head to toe. They’re sweaty and sticky with come but neither one of them has the energy to move right now. Cas’ chin is resting on the top of Dean’s head and Dean’s nose is tucked against his collarbone, Cas’ arm swung over Dean and his fingers tracing patterns against the soft skin of his inner elbow.
Castiel’s group of friends is strange but they’re entertaining and Dean finds himself relaxing for the first time since he got to Chicago. Castiel also seems to have removed the stick from his ass for the night and a couple of times, Dean even catches him smiling at him.
Still, he would give his new neighbor the benefit of the doubt. He shook Dean’s hand when offered and smiled politely.
Shaking himself, Castiel realized that Dean was still looking at him, an amused glint in his eyes. Anger suddenly overwhelmed him; he wouldn’t put up with anyone making him doubt his alpha abilities, just because he didn’t fit a narrow stereotype.
“Maybe you should shove it.”
Not Dean’s idea, for the record. Neither is the music currently playing on the radio, some upbeat bubblegum pop that he usually wouldn’t be caught dead listening to but can right now admit, at least to himself, that he kind of digs.
Cas clears his throat and Dean realizes that neither one of them has said anything for a little while. Cas doesn’t seem to be in any hurry to continue the conversation, looking at Dean like he’s expecting him to say something. When Dean just stares back at him, confused, he sighs.
“So is this the same Cas you’re too afraid to ask out?”
“What?”
“Not a problem,” Dean promised. “Not like I’ve got any secrets stupider than this.”
The library is a mess. Books and torn out pages littering the floor, several shelves knocked over, the librarian's computer lying face-down on the desk, and at least a couple of windows broken.
The barista manning the till today is ‘Steve’, according to his name tag. He greets Dean and takes his order with polite indifference, eyes not lingering on Dean’s greasy hair or the ratty grey hoodie he’s been wearing for two weeks straight now.
“I wasn’t aware you and Dean were friends,” he finally said, and Daphne seemed oblivious to the accusation in his voice but Dean sure as hell noticed it.
Dean swallowed. How much could he even share with Cas without sending him running for the hills?
“I’m studying queer aesthetics and desire in the pre-Stonewall era,” Cas says and Dean has never heard that combination of words before but Cas rattles them off like he’s said them a hundred times before. Probably has. “There are some elements of queer culture that tend to be cast aside in the pursuit of mainstream acceptance and I wish to highlight their importance and give them their due credit.”
“You sure you don’t want a ride?” Dean asked, one hand in his pocket and nervously fidgeting with the Impala’s keys.
“Why? Because I’m bi and you’re not?”
. Suddenly Dean knows, without needing to look, exactly who they’re of. He holds his hand out and with a pained grimace, Cas gives them to him.
“Cas…”
Castiel purses his lips and for one wild moment, Dean’s sure he’s about to be sassed by a robot.
“Your coffee, sir.”
, I-”
Sam stares at him incredulously. "It's almost six."
“You’re gonna go to bed soon?” Sam asks, pulling away.
“Then so was I.”
Big thanks to tlahktwritesdestiel for reading through this chapter and getting me out of my head about it!
Cas was staring at him now, all traces of anger gone. “But you did mean it.”
“We did round some bases,” he says, the words sounding stiff and alien coming from him. “But we rarely did more than kiss. Once tongues are involved the whole process becomes...” he makes a face, “unpleasant.”
Dean’s not sure how many unread messages there are on his phone now but it was up to forty-two the last time he checked. Most of them are from Charlie, because she is the only person Dean knows who is more stubborn than he is. He hasn’t opened any of her messages but he sends her a quick update to let her know he’s alive, just to make sure she doesn’t show up unannounced at his apartment to check.
Cas rolls his eyes. “If I had left it up to you, we never would have gotten married.”
Daphne was talking to when he first heard Cas’ name. “But I don’t wanna keep you.”
“We covered that already.”
He dreams of Meg curling around him like a snake, whispering into his ear that she understands, that she can take the pain away. She kisses him and when they break apart it's not her eyes looking back at him, but Jimmy’s. Their lips meet again, and the world crumbles around them.
“Shouldn’t you answer that?” Cas asks as he approaches.
Dean feels ten different kinds of warm and fuzzy at the sight of them and he can’t help but smile. Cas looks up, finally noticing him, and answers with a gummy smile of his own.
“Dean-”
Dean gave him a sweet smile. “Yeah, but you still love me.”
Balthazar gives him an amused grin. Castiel ignores him, stuffing the pictures back in their drawer.
And he’s walking out of the kitchen. Leaving Dean by himself, still struggling to comprehend what just happened. Cas just
But of course he's not gonna say any of that.
Had he just turned down an attractive and, he knew from experience, extremely talented woman because he was
Dean shut the door behind him with maybe more force than was necessary but Cas didn’t flinch, watching Dean with an inscrutable expression.
“I like you, Cas,” he finally settled on, because that much was true.
"I," Jimmy’s eyes dart down. "What
Cas arrived early afternoon the next day to help get everything ready. Dean’s nerves were already on edge, and Cas seemed to sense it as he pulled Dean in for a sweet, lingering kiss as soon as he’d closed the door behind him.
“I don’t know what I expected,” she continued. “Maybe if it had only been about sex…” she paused, glancing around the room. Dean ducked out of view, just in time. When Daphne spoke again, her voice was lowered, “But even then, I don’t think it would have worked. Between you and me, he’s not as good at it as Castiel was.”
“Oh?”
It’s maybe a bit presumptuous but Dean can’t regret it when Cas smiles, small and private. “I’d like that.”
Cas' grin widens. "Sure."
“Your friends anything like you?” Dean asks before he stop himself. He regrets it as soon as he’s said it; Novak is being nice to him for once and doesn't deserve to get snarked at for his efforts. “Sorry.”
He’d met Jamie during a road trip he’d taken with Sam a few years back. Overall, the trip had been a fucking disaster, but meeting Jamie had been one of the few bright spots. She’d been a lot of fun. A dirndl had been involved, if Dean recalled correctly.
“I’m afraid I don’t.”
Dean scratched the back of his neck, quickly glancing around, but Cas was nowhere in sight. “Uh, hey Daph.”
Jealousy rises like bile in Dean’s throat. He ignores it; this isn’t about him. “So call someone.”
“Don’t forget,” Crowley continues, “I’ve been your advisor for three years. I know this song by now, this vicious cycle of missed deadlines you get yourself into. Avoiding me will only exacerbate it, love.”
? Maybe it’s time for Dean to reevaluate the way they come off to people. The last thing he needs is for Emma to get confused about the situation.
Dean glares at him. Then he looks away and instead of snapping at Sam again, says, "I don't know. Maybe."
Castiel was struck dumb. An alpha questioning another alpha like this, never mind a virtual stranger, was extremely rude. It was all there in the scent. Saying it out loud, phrasing it like a question, came off as a passive-aggressive insult at best and Castiel was suddenly very aware of his many deficiencies next to this textbook example of an alpha.
Which, true enough. There are more seats in the cafeteria than there are students on lunch break at any given time, and most people don't want to sit in a spot where they have full view of what's going on behind the counter (it's not pretty. The lunch lady's had a nasty cough for weeks and she doesn't bother much with turning her head).
,” Dean ground out.
him. Worst thing that can happen is he turns you down.”
Cas was already there when Dean arrived, sitting at a table by the window. He smiled up at Dean when he approached
Someone cleared their throat. Dean looked away from Cas’ worried face, to the waitress standing next to them, holding two plates.
Cas doesn’t give him an opportunity to adjust. He grabs Dean by the arms, hauls him to his feet. “We need to leave,
Dean had gotten plenty of practice opening his apartment doors blinded with one hand while mid-kiss with some handsy woman. Cas wasn’t a woman, but the principle was essentially the same. It was a good thing, too, because Dean was about three seconds away from saying ‘fuck it’ and just stripping in the hallway.
By the end of the week, on the day the first drafts are due, Dean still hasn't decided what to write about. He doesn't really know why he keeps putting it off, other than general lack of motivation, and the fact that he has nothing to turn in doesn't bother him like it should.
Eileen leads a toast to Jack and they drink to him in solemn silence. Then Sam moves onto telling them what they’ve been up to since Dean died - not much, since it’s only been a week - with Eileen chipping in on status reports from their various friends and allies.
A bell chimes as Dean enters. There is a girl sitting at the counter and she doesn't even look up from the book she's reading to say, "We're closed."
"What, you mean the one that closed when we were kids?" Dean asks through a mouthful of burger. He can vaguely remember sitting in his mom's lap in the front seat, watching some old cartoon. Bugs Bunny, he thinks.
Cas meets him in the middle this time.
Cas looks him over, and Dean feels himself blushing for some reason. "Dean."
“Jesus
Cas doesn't reply, so Dean walks past him, exiting the library through the side entrance. He doesn't realize until later that he forgot to pick out a book for his essay.
It also doesn’t hurt that Cas is easy on the eyes.
“Dean.” Fuck. “What are you doing here?”
Dean looks out the cafeteria windows, disinterested eyes following the snowflakes as they fall to the ground. He feels even more tired than usual. He's been having strange dreams again, but he can't remember what about. Whatever it is, it's been keeping him up at night.
“Why? Afraid you’re gonna jump me?”
There are rustles behind them before they manage more than a few steps.
Despite Dean’s precautions, Charlie drops by his apartment unannounced a couple of days later. Apparently, ‘still alive, stop texting’ counts as a cry for help, go figure.
“That’s it,” Cas encouraged, pulling slightly away and reaching between them to yank down Dean’s pants and underwear.
He never got to grow old. Never even got to find out what life looked like outside of Chuck’s control.
Cas kept it up, fucking Dean on his fingers with one hand, spanking his ass and the tops of his thighs with the other, setting an almost ruthless pace and drawing an endless string of gasps and groans from Dean.
And Dean was so turned on he could barely focus on sucking Cas’ dick, hearing those words tumble from Cas’ lips in that deep, rasping voice, feeling his dick twitching on his tongue. He sucked him down deeper, rocked his head, and he felt like the world’s cheesiest porn star as he moaned around Cas’ dick, hips driving against the mattress, seeking some sort of relief.
Dean stops by
"Fine," Sam says, caving. It isn't even that he doesn't want to drink, so much as he feels inappropriate to be talking about it in front of Dean's boss. "Just a couple of beers, though."
Only years of experience behind the wheel prevent Dean’s hands from twitching wildly and veering them into oncoming traffic.
Dean scoffs. "Is this a trick?"
Dean snorted. He looked down at Mom’s hand, still clasping his softly, and back up to her eyes, which were now watching him with obvious fondness. “You’re not disappointed? I know you wanted another daughter-in-law.”
Sam huffed, and Dean smirked to himself, knowing that he’d won this round. “Fine. Just tell me you’re gonna leave the house soon. Or at least take a shower.”
Despite his family’s compulsion to embarrass him in all situations, dinner turned out better than Dean dared to hope for. Once Cas got past his initial awkwardness, he got on well with everyone. He and Mary even arranged to hit the gym together sometime, because apparently every person Dean loved was a raging masochist.
Jimmy nods. "In a couple of weeks."
Christ, way to sound pretentious.
“So I
Dean got so lost in it, he barely noticed that Cas was tugging his shirt off until they had to break apart to get it over Dean’s head. Not willing to be a step behind, Dean started unbuttoning Cas’ shirt, fingers tingling as they came in contact with the warm skin underneath.
“It’s okay,” Dean tells him.
The scene changes. They’re still in the motel room, but Cas is again the only person actually there. Dean watches himself enter again, watches himself kiss Cas and tell him he loves him.
Dean nods. That makes sense. After he had his pick of Cain’s collection, Ruby was left with the rest and he knows she wasn’t interested in keeping it. At least some of it ended up in good hands, with someone who appreciates the photos for what they are and not just as some collector’s items.
He leaves before Cas can respond, throwing his coffee in the trash on his way out.
Castiel shakes his head sharply. “I will take care of it myself.”
They manage to corner a couple of the baddies - vampires? Mimes? Mime-pires? - and one of them ever-so-graciously lives long enough to give them the location of their nest. With some encouragement, of course.
fucking good. Dean bit back the moans bubbling in his throat, hiding his face in the crook of Cas‘ neck as he came, hips twitching helplessly into Cas‘ hand.
“You know this is absurd, right?” she asked. “I mean, you guys have been dating for
This doesn’t change anything.
Castiel doesn’t say anything. He looks uncomfortable and it occurs to Dean that him being an android isn’t the problem; it’s the fact that he doesn’t really behave like one. He’s personable in the way the rest of them aren’t, a little too intense for comfort.
“Are we interrupting?” Sam asked.
It took a moment for Dean to get with the program but once he did, he did his best to respond in kind. He pulled Cas even closer by the waist, twisting his tongue in a way that had been proven highly effective with most of his ex-girlfriends and hookups. He was rewarded with a soft groan and Cas arching against him.
“So,” Dean says as soon as she’s gone, “is it an open relationship or did I cheat?”
Dean held up his hand, heart jumping in his chest. “Back the fuck up. Who said anything about Cas being the man of my dreams? I don’t
“My life doesn’t revolve around you. Anyway, I need it that loud while I vacuum, otherwise I can’t hear it.”
One, he liked Cas.
“To all of us,” Dean amends. “To all four Winchesters, still hanging in there.”
That night, Castiel wakes up suddenly. He sits up, disoriented and wondering what the hell woke him. Then he notices the smell.
The day starts out pretty unremarkable. Dean wakes up at the crack of dawn to Cas slipping out of bed for his morning jog. He pulls him down for a good-morning kiss that turns into a make-out session that turns into them trading lazy handjobs and then falling asleep in each other’s arms again.
He walks to the car, heart already pounding faster at the thought of seeing Cas again.
“Want me to paint your toenails?” Dean offers.
This was it. Now Dean had to clear up this misunderstanding, let Cas know that he was straight and not even remotely interested in being picked up by men, no matter how handsome or interesting they were.
First, Dean is relieved. Cas keeping his distance means he doesn’t have to keep being reminded that he may or may not have molested his best friend while under a love spell.
anything like him.
“It’s okay,” Dean says. He puts the photos back on the desk, face down, and gives. “I was just leaving.”
Sam slips unnoticed by the people outside. The entrance hall is crowded, the living room is crowded, the kitchen is messy
“You staying for dinner?” Dean asks, ignoring the way his heart just skipped a beat.
) but it’s somehow the most romantic fucking thing that’s ever happened to him since Cas first told him he loved him. And hey, this time no one had to die!
Cas didn’t seem to have sensitive nipples, but judging from the low keen that escaped him and the way his hips buckled he liked it when Dean sucked on the skin just below his stomach. Dean filed that spot away in his mind, along with the spots above Cas’ collarbone and behind his ear. Not that he’d need that information for later but hey, it never hurt to be prepared.
Okay, Dean acknowledged to himself as he tried sucking Cas in deeper. Maybe a little bit gay.
“If you don’t want to…” Cas said, looking worried.
Charlie, to her credit, didn’t laugh in his face when Dean told her his plan.
you know what. maybe if i say the next chapter won't be the last, it actually will be.
He does so with shaking hands, stilled only once Cas places one of his own on top and gives Dean a patient smile. He’s this calm for a reason, Dean finally realizes.
This was it, he realized with trepidation.
“Mom… I don’t
Cas shrugs. He’s looking down at Emma with a small, gentle smile and Dean feels something in his chest clench at the sight.
Dean frowned. “Did it
Meg cackles. “Oh, come on Clarence. You telling me you don’t wanna get rid of all that pent-up aggression?”
Cas grins at that, and Dean can feel himself starting to blush. Cas has his number down, always did, and Dean isn't sure if he's comfortable with that or not. It makes him want to be honest, to lay himself bare. To tell Cas any number of things he's been thinking since he entered the bookstore: that he missed him, that he's barely gone a day without thinking of him in the past year, that he wishes he could stay.
Dean is still kind of on top of Cas so he has to grab Cas’ shoulder to keep his balance, which has the added benefit of bringing him even closer. Cas is a little sloppy right at the beginning, teeth bumping against Dean’s lower lip as they kiss.
"I don't wanna talk about it," Dean mumbles. He feels like he should be more pissed at himself than he is - normally, he wouldn't even need to study for a math test to get a passing grade. But he just feels tired.
at unholy hours in the morning and chat it up with Cas.
Judging by the finger-quotes, those were not Castiel’s words.
Links:
“Yeah?” She smiled wryly. “So that speech was okay?”
. I thought you were being serious!”
Dean huffs, leaning back against the bar. Okay, so maybe he does wanna talk about it. “I don’t know what happened. It was going great and then as soon as I hit on him a little more obviously, he shut down. He didn’t even really turn me down, he just left.”
Dean blinks. Sam’s hands are on him - when did that happen? - cupping his cheeks in order to keep his head upright.
That was, to this day, the most polite conversation they’d ever had.
Dean woke slowly, drifting into consciousness piece by piece. First, he became aware of an arm wrapped around his midsection and a warm body pressed against his side. Then, the slight headache that signaled he’d been drinking the night before, though not painful enough to really qualify as a hangover. Then, aches in other places, ones that didn’t normally ache.
Still, Dean shrugs. "You never know."
He drags Dean by the arm, away from the entrance, between the shelves, until they're as isolated as they can get while still inside the school.
“How long were you planning on avoiding me?”
Dean responded with a firm middle finger, before fleeing to the bathroom before Mom got inside. She’d been accepting, but that didn’t mean he wanted her to see him all… what had Cas said? Debauched?
They don’t
Castiel nodded and turned to the bartender, trying to catch her attention. Meanwhile, Dean tried to catch his breath, chest constricting in mild panic.
Dean squawked as he was tackled, landing on his back on the couch with Cas on top of him. Cas leaned down, nipping at his earlobe.
been a sensitive spot?
“It’s alright,” Cas interrupted. “I understand.”
Dean slumped into the couch. “You wouldn’t get it.”
Daphne answered, clearly taken aback when she saw him.
Well, Dean brought that one on himself.
“Fuck me,” Dean mutters and he’s sure Cas hasn’t heard him over the music but then his hand stills.
Cas' voice sounds somehow impossibly deeper and raspier than it ever did over the phone, and it sends shivers down Dean's spine. He wants to leap forward and grab onto him, and never let go.
“You’re heavy,” Cas complains.
He was also kind of scruffy, with his beard just past a five o’clock shadow and his flasher trenchcoat looking a size too big. His tie was also turned backwards, and Dean’s fingers itched to reach out and fix it.
“What about you?” Cas looked Dean over. “You seemed to enjoy yourself last night, but…”
“Fuck,” Dean breathes, breaking the silence between them.
, Dean’s not alone. “I didn’t know who you were when I visited your bar, I promise. Balthazar saw the photos in my desk drawer and I suppose he thought he’d be doing me a favor by making sure we met.”
No, not standing. He’s floating, a couple of inches off the ground.
Then on Thursday, he bombs his first math test ever.
anything in the first place, so letting me stew like this is really crappy.”
“Wanna move this to the bedroom?” Dean suggested.
Then they moved out and Dean Winchester moved in.
Cas is smiling when he leans in. He tastes like smoke and sweat, and Dean is so overwhelmed he almost forgets to kiss him back. Once he does, he’s a little too enthusiastic, and accidentally catches Cas’ lower lip between his teeth.
That strategy of ignore and avoid works for a few days. Then Castiel returns to his office after giving a lecture and there Crowley is, sitting at his desk.
He doesn’t nod. Just takes Eileen’s hand, lets her lead him out of the room. They shut the door behind them and Sam knows it won’t be opened again.
Half an hour later, he was standing at Daphne’s door. He’d rather be at home, waiting for Cas to call or come over, but this was one last band-aid he needed to peel off. Daphne deserved as much.
“I don’t know,” Dean says. “This kinda crap, I guess. Paint each other’s nails, listen to music, get drunk on girly drinks. Talk about boys.” He snorts. “Or sex, if you’re not a preteen girl.”
They should have done it sooner, Sam knows, but Eileen wanted him ready to say goodbye and he wasn’t. Still isn’t, but he’s standing at least, lucid, and Eileen’s hand is warm in his own as they take a lighter to his brother.
huge thanks to my best girl avyssoseleison once again for reading through this and helping me actually get it done.
Sam hums, still staring furiously into his cup.
“It’s fine,” Dean says, sounding anything but. “I guess that explains why you’ve been such a dick.”
“Dean.” Sam’s voice is soft, pleading. Dean finally looks up and instantly regrets it, seeing the full-force of Sam’s sad puppy-dog eyes. “Cas wouldn’t want this for you.”
“Nothing,” she says. She clears her throat, pats Dean’s chest. “I’m just… really happy for you, sweetie.”
“How did she take it?”
Castiel’s stomach sinks. “What?”
“...Right,” Cas says after a moment. He blinks, finally looking away. “I did say that.”
"Wait," he whispers, grabbing Cas' shoulder.
“We should-” Dean pulls away, puts his hand on Cas’ chest to keep him from chasing, “-we should stop. That’s enough practice.”
Something sparked hot in Cas’ eyes. “You want a competition?”
“There’s always the vow renewal,” Cas says, the casual statement managing to sound like a threat, and Dean shuts up.
The smell of smoke shakes him out of his stupor and he curses, turning his attention back to the omelet now burning on the pan. He plates it quickly, washing the pan before anything can stick to it.
It’s Dean Winchester.
It’s not exactly how Dean imagined this scenario would go (not that he -
Dean stares at him in wonder. “How did you do that?”
He wasn’t prepared for Cas to lean in, or for the almost aggressive way he kissed Dean, pressing him against his car. Instinctively, Dean kissed him back, arching into Cas’ touch when his hand came up to palm Dean’s cheek.
Dean leans in, cupping Cas’ cheek and tugging him in for a kiss. Cas goes stiff against him, letting out a sound that almost sounds wounded. When Dean pulls away, he can see that he’s raised one hand but kept it at bay, as if he wants to touch but is afraid he isn’t allowed.
“It doesn’t matter,” Castiel says. He watches Balthazar watching the photos, an irrational anger bubbling in his chest, and before he can think twice he’s snatched them from his view. “And would you
), to see his therapist (
At a loss for anything else to do, he picks up the phone and finally calls Charlie back.
“We might be.” Cas’ lips twitch, his eyes alight with amusement. “I want to kiss you again.”
“You said you could leave, so leave. You’ve got somewhere to go and you’ve got someone to go with.”
Dean is very grateful Cas isn't there to see how red he's turning. "Did you call just to harass me?"
Dean might not have accomplished what he’d set out to do, but Cas’ omelets nearly made up for that. The man was a damn good cook, and his coffee wasn’t half bad either.
God, the afterglow felt even better with the added feeling of triumph.
Cas just raised his eyebrows at him, which, fair enough. The stench of burnt meatloaf was still lingering around the apartment and Dean was pretty sure he hadn’t looked Cas straight in the eye once this entire evening.
“I do,” Cas agreed softly.
Castiel is on his way to work when he steps into the hallway and the scent of omega in heat hits him. He reels for a moment, thrown off balance by the sweet, maddeningly enticing smell. It’s oddly familiar and yet Castiel is sure he’s never smelled it before. If he had, he would have without doubt propositioned this omega on the spot.
There was a long, painful silence. Dean reached for Cas’ hand underneath the table, squeezing it tight, and Cas seemed to realize the terrible revelation he’d just casually dropped.
Daphne was about as far away from Lisa as Dean could imagine, and from what Dean had heard about him he didn’t bear much of a resemblance to Daphne’s ex, Castiel. The guy had sounded like her perfect match, right up until he came out as gay.
“Seriously?” Now it’s Dean’s turn to groan. “Dude, what I said on our
“I did.” Cas’ thumb strokes Dean’s cheek. It feels kind of nice. “Dean, you almost...”
Inside, the smell is even stronger, permeating every nook and cranny. Castiel lets out a low growl without meaning to, and when Dean tugs at him again it’s the most natural thing in the world to go along and let himself be pulled into a heated kiss.
“I am perfectly capable of reigning in my emotions,” Castiel says, well aware of what a poor job he’s done showing that tonight. “And I wouldn’t touch Dean Winchester with a ten foot pole.”
Dean shrugs, uncomfortable at the deluge of sincere praise. This is the kind of emotional honesty members of the Winchester family don’t usually engage in unless somebody’s on their deathbed.
Without even really making a decision about it, Castiel jogs across the road. There’s a small sign in the window of the brewery’s door declaring it open so Castiel steps inside, glancing around. The area in the front looks like a gift shop, with racks of bottle openers, novelty magnets and recipe books lining the walls.
It isn’t until dessert that Patience breaks, patience (hah) clearly run out:
When a few moments passed and Dean still hadn’t said anything, Cas cleared his throat. “Is this about us?”
Three days later, Cas’ number was still burning a hole in Dean’s pocket.
An all-encompassing, endless void, and Dean feels like he’s being swallowed whole. At the same time, there’s this tension running through his entire body, a voice not quite a voice hissing at him, echoing from inside and around him, ‘
Dean waves his hand. “Eh, she should be used to me coming back from the dead by now.”
It wasn’t that Dean had ever expected him and Daphne to last. She was an archetypal good-girl, crucifix around her neck, bible in her bedroom drawer and all. The only thing they had in common was needing to get over an ex, and that was what had brought them together.
“I’ve got something.”
Dean wanted to bite down on his tongue as soon as he’d said it, especially with the filthy grin Cas shot him. Like the situation wasn’t confusing enough, he had to make it worse by flirting. He kept his mouth shut the rest of the way until they reached the Impala.
Not much lately, Dean thinks with a grimace. It’s been days since he even got one word down.
Cas frowned, looking confusedly between Daphne and Dean, who could barely muster an apologetic smile. It felt more like a grimace.
“I don’t-” And great, now Cas was looking at him like he was crazy. “What?”
They part just as Dean hears thundering steps in the distance, coming closer. Dean smiles.
Dean doesn't answer, but Sam can see him sneak the phone number into his pocket. Then Dad comes in, snapping at them to hurry up. They grab the rest of their bags and carry them out to the car.
He doesn’t go to
He doesn’t say it but he’s broadcasting it so loudly he might as well have: Cas is scared. And Dean can’t exactly blame him.
He pocketed his phone, feeling pretty good about himself. They could totally be friends. This was gonna work out great.
“You do?” Cas glances down at it, then back at Dean. “Really?”
- and cups Dean’s cheek
“I suppose I am.”
Cas’ expression had turned serious again and Dean shifted closer, keeping a tight grip on his hand.
“Cas?”
Right to the chase, then. Okay.
“They’re not,” Novak says with a wry smile. “Come with us. I’m sure they’d love to meet you.”
Castiel nods decisively. “I’m sure. You didn’t see the expression on his face when he talked about Cain.”
“And?” Dean prompts.
Clearly, he didn’t like Dean hitting on him. No matter how many times Dean goes over the conversation in his head, he can find no other explanation. He was all for a good conversation but as soon as Dean started flirting, he shut down.
Cas looked… fine. Certainly not like a man whose boyfriend had been lying to him for weeks. “Do you want to explain what happened with Daphne?”
“I’m a married man now,” Castiel says, somehow managing to sound sardonic through the door. “I can’t be seen accepting help from omegas who aren’t my mate.”
. There was the panic.
“Dean,” Sam repeats and, oh. He’s crying. Dean wants to reach out, wipe those tears away, be the big brother one last time, but he can’t. There’s no strength left in him. “H-hang on, I’ll find someone, I’ll get help-”
Dean grunted, not even bothering to raise his head from the couch cushion or tearing his eyes away from the TV to acknowledge Sam. On the screen, Rebecca Bunch waved pom-poms, cheerfully singing, “I had a stroke!”
Sam bent down, pushing at Dean’s shin until he sighed and sat up, making room for them both on the couch. “Are you this upset about Daphne dumping you?”
Keith lets go, groaning in pain. “You
Not that it really matters what Dean wants. At twenty-eight, he is way past the average age for soulmate bonding. For some people, it just doesn’t happen, and Dean’s made his peace with being one of them.
“What is it that you do?” Cas asks, cutting off Dean’s train of thought.
"Hey, Sam," Maggie says, leaning against his locker and smiling sweetly.
Dean ends up in the library -
Cas grinned. “‘Fuck’ is right. That is precisely what I am going to do, fuck the insolence out of you.”
An aneurysm, Dean stupidly wants to reply. That was the official story, anyway. Just an unfortunate coincidence that it happened to Jimmy while he was by himself, that he wasn't found until minutes after he collapsed, when it was already too late.
But that would be a lie. Dean can’t stop dwelling on it and he’s honestly not sure if it’s more about Cas or the way he rejected him.
your advisor?”
There’s warmth, spreading from Castiel’s lips to his, lighting up his insides. Dean is overcome with a sudden rush of affection and joy he’s never felt before. He doesn’t even know Castiel yet but in this moment, he loves him.
Chuck’s
Then he turns to Cas, who is noticeably distressed.
But it is
Maggie pulls away, but she immediately grabs Sam's hand. "Come on, there's punch in the kitchen."
“Yeah. You read it?”
Dean sighed, leaning against the bar next to Cas. “I’m sorry, I didn’t think of this.”
Apparently, none of this was enough to discourage his dick, because it was still hard enough to pound nails. Experimentally, Dean started moving, grinding his hips in small circles. Cas let out a strangled gasp, hands grasping for Dean’s thighs.
It’s not fair.
“It’s only a few hours. I’m sure you can handle it.”
Cas laughs. He’s so close, Dean can feel the way it rumbles in his chest warm and low. “No, actually. She thought you drank too much.”
? Wake up next to strange guys after having amazing sex with them that throws your whole self-image into question?
“What?” Castiel growls.
Cas doesn’t answer. Doesn’t deny it. He just lowers his hand, settling it awkwardly in his lap. Dean stares at it for a long while, feeling at once too much and nothing at all.
Dean shakes himself. He grins at Cas, feeling giddy as their steps fall into an easy rhythm. It’s not until they’re by the exit that Cas hesitates, that he looks unsure.
“Oh,” Cas said. “I’m sorry, I don’t know sign language.”
“Look, I’m sorry.”
Dean and Cas hardly leave bed the entire time except to bathe and eat. Dean is feeling half-way delirious by the end of it, hopped up on happy alpha pheromones and basking in the afterglow of a series of glorious orgasms.
Then again, it's none of Sam's business.
“What do you think?”
He just got
Then Cas started talking.
Then Dean’s view was blocked by a pair of gangly legs. “Dude. Move.”
He couldn’t deal with this right now.
Cas. We’re not together.”
He looks down at his hands, sees the fishing rod. The pier below him is simple, rustic wood but sturdy. He’s sitting in a fold-away chair and next to him.
Cas’ hands tightening their grip was all the warning Dean got before he plunged all the way inside, immediately picking up a fast and hard rhythm. A moan tore itself loose from Dean’s throat when the head of Cas’ dick brushed against his prostate. Cas took the hint and angled his thrusts just right to keep hitting that spot, again and again. Dean's upper half collapsed against the mattress, and he gave up completely on trying to hold back any sounds, breathless grunts and moans tumbling past his lips, feeling punched out of his body by the relentless way Cas drove into him.
“First of all,” she said, “I just want you to know that I love you very much. I will always be your mom, and you will always be my child, and nothing changes that.”
“See if I make you Best Man at my wedding after this, jerk,” Sam tells Dean.
Something shifts. Dean opens his eyes, unaware that he even closed them in this endless darkness, and
“Is it me? Do I turn every man I date gay?”
“Kind of, yeah.” At Dean’s offended look, she held up a hand. “But what do I know. Maybe this is a thing all straight dudes go through at one point or another.”
Then his fingers hit something inside Dean that sent a white-hot spark of lust straight through him.
“Here you go,” Dean says, not even bothering with a smile anymore.
Oh. Dean feels his cheeks grow warm, not helped when he sees that Cas is also blushing. It doesn’t take a genius to figure out what happened which is good, because Dean is apparently enough of an idiot to let a freaking
That's as verbose as Cas gets in the morning, so Dean’s gonna count it as a win.
Cas is quiet for a while. Dean keeps his eyes down, fiddling with the fabric of his shirt between his fingers. It’s thin cotton, and he’s already feeling a little chilly from sitting in the garage.
As he's approaching the living room, a strange, vaguely familiar smell hits Sam. It takes him a couple of moments to realize where he's smelled it before - the bookstore Dean works at.
“Oh, you know what I mean.”
“Cas!” he shouts. “Castiel!”
Cas was fucking him with two fingers now, hot and demanding inside Dean, fingertips expertly searching for Dean’s prostate. A bolt of heat shot through Dean when he found it and he bit down on Cas’ neck, feeling ridiculously close to coming despite his neglected cock.
That last word is loud, ringing through Dean’s body and he snaps his hands over his ears but it’s useless. The noise is
The effect was instantaneous, a bright pink blush spreading over Cas’ cheeks. He swallowed audibly. “Technically, you didn’t promise-”
Castiel looks surprised at that. He tilts his head and Dean squirms under the intensity of his gaze, all too aware of how filthy his hoodie has gotten and the fact that he hasn’t bothered to shave since he last showered.
You didn't think it'd be that easy, did you?
There’s a crowd gathering around them, the bouncer already on his way over. Dean could let him take care of this.
Dean regrets the words as soon as he's said them, but it's too late to take them back.
Dean sits up, jostling Cas awake. For a moment, they just look at each other, both smiling sleepily. Then Dean, forgetting for a moment everything they are and everything they
he should just apologize and go home but it’s like he’s watching himself from the outside, unable to control what he’s saying.
“I’m sorry.” At long last, Cas actually looks at him, eyes big and sad, and Dean finds himself wishing he hadn’t. “You deserve to know.”
, loud and clear as a bell, drowning out even the yowling of the Empty.
“Okay, now you’re being an idiot on purpose.” Charlie leaned back in her seat, crossing her arms. “Not to repeat myself but you need to tell him the truth. I’m sure whatever Cas says or does won’t be as bad as you stressing yourself out about keeping this a secret.”
too good at that not to have done it before.”
heard.”
“I would have figured it would be twice as bad with two daddies, but you seem to be doing okay.”
Cas broke away, pressing his lips against Dean’s jawline. “I have lube and condoms in the nightstand.”
Castiel expected a similar relationship with his new neighbor: amicable but distant. He wasn’t expecting it to affect his life at all.
“I - yes,” Cas says miserably. “Besides Al.”
So sorry for the late update, I had such a difficult time with this chapter. It's a bit on the shorter end but the next (and final) chapter will be more than long enough to make up for it! Big thanks as always to avyssoseleison for reading through this for me ;*
“Look at him, Cas! Like I was gonna turn away that lovable face!”)
Stupidly enough, Dean looks around. “No, but- you must have seen it someplace else?”
Besides, he kind of liked showing off that Cas was his.
“I bought a new kind of beans,” Dean says. “They’re supposed to taste smoother and more robust, whatever that means.”
It isn’t until he’s passing a local brewery and spots a familiar black car in the parking lot that Castiel slows, heart hammering in his chest for completely different reasons than before.
He didn’t want to leave. He wanted to stay, wanted to make sure that Cas wasn’t leaving him, no matter how much he would have to grovel. But it didn’t matter what Dean wanted. Cas needed him gone, so Dean would go.
It’s been three weeks since Chuck’s defeat and life has settled into a routine. Or maybe not a routine so much as a holding-pattern because Dean will be fucked if this becomes his new status quo.
He scrolled back to the top of the page, absentmindedly refreshing his browser, as if an explanation for everything would suddenly pop up. It didn’t, but something else did: a public message from some chick named just ‘Meg’.
"Thanks, dude."
“You keep teasing like this,” Dean said, voice a lot breathier and more affected than he was willing to admit, “I’m not gonna come until tomorrow.”
“Do you not enjoy it?” Cas asks.
Except, apparently, tonight.
Castiel sighs, placing his elbows on his knees and running his hands through his hair.
Meg is waiting by the entrance when Castiel arrives and they walk in together. The place is somewhat crowded but there’s thankfully no line at the bar. Castiel leans against the counter, half-raises his hand to catch the bartender’s attention and then freezes.
“The only way you could ever disappoint me,” Mom said, “is if you start rooting for the Washington Redskins.”
“I wouldn’t say dozens-”
, Dean did.
Considering this was only their second time doing this, they were surprisingly practiced at moving down the hallway and stripping on the way. By the time they got to the bedroom, they were down to their underwear.
Cas look sharply at him. “What?”
“Then stop asking questions. Just do your damn job and stop acting like you care when we both know you’re incapable of it!”
He felt a little bad about lying, but he probably would have felt even worse at seeing any sort of disappointment on Cas’ face. Better to leave this on a benevolent lie.
Daphne was gaping at him. “I’m sorry, I don’t – and you’re
They were both close, and when Cas let go of Dean’s hip and reached around him to grab his dick it didn’t take more than a handful of pumps for Dean to come. Cas followed right after, grinding his hips against Dean as he came, pressing his forehead against Dean’s shoulder blade.
“I haven’t gotten laid in five months.”
The lights are still on in the living room when Sam gets back to the apartment, and it sounds like Dean is watching TV. Sam briefly debates just sneaking into bed so Dean won't interrogate him, but dismisses the idea. He knows better. Dean will freak if he doesn't see Sam come back.
Meg's voice shakes Dean from his reverie. He looks up and she raises an eyebrow at him, daring him to send her away.
“Strike out, huh?”
“Then why the disappearing act?”
And then, Cas was reaching for it. Dean groaned, knowing he’d only need a couple of strokes to finish him. He
“Let her stay a little longer,” Cas says.
Dean won’t ever admit it out loud but there was some part of him that thought he knew what he was getting into when he said yes to Michael.
Leaving the photos behind was probably a mistake. But Dean wants Cas to know that he’s not creeped out by him having them and, more than that, he wants Cas to keep thinking about him.
“No,” Cas responds dryly. “Dean forgot the condom.”
“I – uh – large black coffee,” Dean says. When Castiel just looks more unimpressed, he quickly adds, “To go. Please.”
“Nothing, I just-” Dean laughs, rubbing his hand over his eyes. “Are we having a slumber party right now?”
“You know what…”
And then she's pulling him into a hug, arms wrapping around his shoulders, her breasts pressing against his chest, her hair tickling his nose. It still smells like coconuts. "I'm so happy you made it."
“Did you see Cas leave?”
“There's plenty of alphas who don’t mind being hypocrites in that way,” Dean points out.
sick – and he couldn’t risk Cas finding out he was faking it and hurting his feelings.
“Not willy-nilly, no,” Jack says, eyebrows pinched. “If you hadn’t prayed for my intervention, I wouldn’t have been able to do anything. I don’t want to subvert your free will, Dean. I couldn’t, even if I wanted to.”
Sometimes Steve is working too and those nights, Dean takes his coffee and goes. Other nights, it’s just him and Cas.
Cas huffs out a quiet laughter. “I’ll think about it.”
He’d be Dean’s type, under different circumstances.
“Gross?” Dean repeats with mock-outrage. “What about one man’s love for another man’s body parts is ‘gross’ to you exactly, Sam?”
“Come with me.”
Cas groaned, bending over Dean’s body as he kept fucking into him, pace fast and merciless, one hand leaving his hips to grab Dean’s shoulder instead, using the leverage to fuck even deeper. Dean pushed his hips back, trying to keep up with Cas’ rhythm. He soon gave up, instead focusing on tightening his muscles, making Cas’ dick feel impossibly bigger inside him.
Dean smiled back, trying to ignore the dread pooling in his stomach.
his goal anymore? Dean couldn't remember. He felt like Cas had literally fucked his brains out.
Dean winces, thinking of Cas’ one sexual experience so far. Yeah, he wouldn’t be eager to talk about that either.
need to write. I will keep an eye on the situation though to be honest, I don’t think we need to be worried. Naomi was his ace in the hole, if she’s not taking his side then he knows the battle is already lost. It’s not the bloody eighties anymore. Or the nineties.” Crowley paused. “Or the early two-thousands, for that matter.”
“You were making a face.”
When Dean gets to his locker the next morning, Meg freaking Masters is waiting there for him.
Dean stared at the screen. ‘
“Very long,” Dean said hurriedly before either Cas or Daphne had the bright idea to share it. “No time to get into it now.”
Then he leaned down, stealing Dean’s breath with another mind-melting kiss. Dean arched into it, moaning in approval. He wasn’t so sure about what was coming next, but this he could get used to. Cas kissed like he was dying of thirst and Dean was a fucking oasis in the desert, with all the desperation and eagerness that implied.
“I’d rather stay here,” Dean says. “Make sure you don’t, like, die of dehydration or hunger because you were too busy jacking off to take care of yourself.”
"What are you doing here?" Cas asks, not even looking away from the books to acknowledge Dean's arrival.
He lets go with one hand, splaying the other wide on his chest. He lurches forwards, as if pulled, and Dean stumbles to keep up with him. Cas is wavering on his feet and Dean reaches out, grabs onto his shoulder to keep him up, to keep them both standing.
“I didn’t… do anything weird?” Dean asks, by which he means ‘
It's the wrong thing to say, given the situation. Dean can feel himself blushing, but at least Cas's smirk slips away.
,” Sam repeated, with the kind of darkness in his tone that belied some childhood trauma. Okay, so he’d caught Dean in compromising positions a few times over the years. That still didn’t excuse him basically calling Dean a slut. “And it’s not like I don’t know bisexuality is a thing. I’ve seen Crazy Ex-Girlfriend.”
Dean groans loudly, twitching in Castiel’s grip as he comes, just as Castiel’s knot finally catches and locks them together. Castiel curses softly, burying his face in Dean’s shoulder as he comes, filling Dean and adding to the mess between them.
“My husband is just as bad,” she confides. “He would let this one get away with murder if it weren’t for me.”
Dean hums, staring up at the ceiling.
And, as Dean was starkly reminded when his phone buzzed, he couldn’t be putting his guard down by getting involved in conversation anyway.
Dean is also aware of, in a way that he wasn't until now, how people avert their eyes when they walk past him. Can't look too long at the crazy guy talking to himself, he might notice you.
Also, that was like two guys against hundreds of girls. Dean was definitely more about the ladies. This little… aberration with Cas didn’t change that.
at Cas and gets up, looking around the room. No notes or anything to indicate where Cas might have gone.
Dean hates telling this story. He’s really only done it twice, once to his therapist and once to Charlie, but he was wasted that time so he’s not even sure that counts.
By the second afternoon, Dean has had enough.
The next morning, a couple of hours before sunrise, Dean drops by again and there Castiel is, working the graveyard shift by himself.
“That’s one too many.”
He wasn’t prepared for Cas pulling out, and he couldn’t hold back the whine of disappointment at being suddenly so empty. He watched Cas through hooded eyes as he fumbled with the condom, biting his lip as he wondered how the hell he could take control now, get the upper hand back.
“Don’t get any wild ideas about me being a virgin before we met,” he adds. “I wasn’t kept under such a close watch all the time.”
“Yeah, but –
Cas says nothing. Dean has a feeling he regrets steering the conversation this way; they were awkward before but now the air has gotten a lot heavier. And still, Dean finds himself compelled to keep sharing. Maybe because he hasn’t really talked about the way he felt for Cain in years, certainly not since he died.
Later, once he’s taken care of all the formalities with the teacher and has said goodbye to Emma, Dean heads back to the car and wonders why he didn’t correct her. Why he went along with her mistake.
Dean couldn’t handle the thought of turning into his father but he couldn’t handle breaking up with Lisa either, so he’d gone the absolute worst route and started slowly distancing himself from them. Once Lisa had caught onto what he was doing, she’d rightfully chewed him out and kicked him to the curb.
Cas’ shoulders go stiff. He returns his book to the shelf, turning around to face Dean with a contrite expression. He’s still not looking Dean in the eye, though.
“I’ve never had a friend before,” Cas confesses quietly. His expression shifts, becoming determined. “Yes, we are friends.”
He’d sure as hell never gotten complaints before. Dean Winchester took care of the women he slept with. More than a few of them had even told him he was
. His last moments alive were probably terrifying, filled with pain and confusion.
“It’s a good show.”
Maybe he could call Cas up for drinks. Dean was self-aware enough to know the truth would make him sound insane, but coming up with an explanation for why he'd temporarily
“Trust me, I will,” he deadpanned.
What was he getting himself into?
“You can’t keep something this big from me again.”
“None taken. It’s the name of a minor angel. My parents are quite religious. I was, too.”
“Try not to get too excited,” Dean says. He doesn’t mean to, knows it’s bad business to snark at a client, but it’s late and he’s stressed. It’s been a slow week.
This really doesn’t change anything.
hadn’t he realized Daphne would be an issue eventually?
Charlie must pick up on some of that energy anyway because she carefully asks, “So how’d it go with the hot professor on Friday?”
Crowley has a habit of always referring to the chancellor by her first name. Castiel isn’t sure just what their relationship is but at least right now, it seems to be working in his favor.
Dean’s just reached that depressing conclusion the night Cas asks him to go out to the local bar. Okay, so it’s not
It wasn’t like Dean didn’t know what bisexual meant. He had Netflix, okay? He’d blown through both seasons of Crazy Ex-Girlfriend in one weekend, he knew that being bi was a thing.
“And the way his
Dean cracked one eye open. He’d been well on his way to drifting off to sleep, body still tingling mildly from a mind-blowing orgasm, and the last thing he wanted right now was to have a conversation. But Cas was looking uncharacteristically nervous, hand running up and down Dean’s arm in a way that seemed intended to comfort himself as much as Dean.
Dean shrugs. “You’d think so.”
“I don’t get why she’s so obsessed with those things,” Dean says.
Dean didn’t like asking for romantic advice. Most of his friends weren’t qualified to give it and those who were tended to be insufferable about it. He wasn’t even sure this thing with Cas counted as ‘romantic’. It was definitely at least a little bit ‘gay’, though, which narrowed Dean’s choices down to just one.
“Oh.” Mom’s tone was impossible to read. “Can’t say I saw that coming.”
Dean swallowed. “At Daphne’s. I figured I also owed her an explanation.”
“Just needed some fresh air. Company. Y’know.”
It's weird, because as much as they've talked (and they've talked a lot, much more than Dean expected when he first called Cas three days after they left Milliken) they've never really acknowledged the distance between them. It's just there, the big honking elephant in the room.
“And Castiel?”
Castiel nods. “Enjoy your coffee.”
It’s a humble funeral. Dean deserved so much more, all of the people who loved him deserved to say goodbye, but Sam can’t bring himself to prolong the process. Miracle is the only other attendant, whining plaintively and nudging his wet nose against Sam’s palm.
“But I
Cas is quiet for a long moment. Dean sniffles, then takes a few deep breaths to get himself back under control. He hasn’t cried since Cain’s funeral, he’s sure as hell not gonna do it now.
Cas gets to work and Dean leans against the counter while he waits, watching. It still freaks him out a little, seeing the way Cas moves. There’s nothing off about it that Dean can put his finger on; maybe it’s that those movements are just a bit too smooth, not so much practiced as predetermined by some program.
, and it felt like a stiff breeze could finish him off.
"Talk to you later?"
“What are you gonna do?” Dean asked, breathless with anticipation.
Dean looks back down at the photos. Wasn’t he thinking just the other day that he’d like to get his hands on them again? He wasn’t ashamed thinking of them then, has never really been in the past. He modeled for Cain because it paid well and because he enjoyed it. Why should he be ashamed of that?
“This is all relevant, I promise.”
Cas blushed but looked clearly pleased. “I did do it before I met Daphne. Besides, there is not a whole lot of difference between sleeping with a man or a woman. Aside from my attraction to them,” he added thoughtfully. “I just pay attention to what the other person wants.”
God. He’s gonna crash and burn, isn’t he?
“Balthazar saw them?” Dean chokes out.
"Whatever," Dean says, rolling his eyes.
From the corner of his eye, he could see Cas tilting his head. “You seemed sure enough when we met.”
the one in heat, desperate for more of Dean’s touch, Dean’s taste, Dean’s smell,
“So, yeah,” Dean finishes lamely. “That’s all I wanted to say.”
Dean turns that over in his head. “So, old nudes?”
“Not on your life, buddy.”
She picks up on the second ring. “Dean? Is that really you or did someone steal your phone?”
Daphne hummed. She didn’t seem to know what to say and Dean couldn’t blame her. He wouldn’t want his friends to be dating a weirdo like him, either.
Not that Cas looked angry. “Hello, Dean.”
“Everything okay?” Sam asks.
He waits while Dean mixes Meg’s drink and then his. Only once the cocktail is in his hand – infuriatingly perfect, like everything about Dean except his personality – does he say:
In a stroke of brilliance, Dean clasped his feet around Cas’ calves. Cas shot him a confused look and then his eyes widened as Dean twisted them around, successfully putting himself on top and straddling Cas.
"Move on?" Dean cuts in angrily. "Leave? Forever?"
Most of Castiel’s friends are omegas, actually. There’s a couple of betas in the group as well but only one other alpha, a cheerful dude named Garth who is about as far from a stereotypical knothead as you’re likely to get.
Then she's walking away, leaving behind a faint coconut smell. Sam turns to his locker, trying to get his heartbeat under control. This is no big deal, right? It's just a party. It's not like Sam hasn't been to parties before.
“A witch and a cherub.”
“You,” Dean admitted, without thinking. He wanted to smack himself in the next instance. That had been a perfect out! Why hadn’t he said he’d been looking at one of Castiel’s hot friends?
They went into the living room, which was still something of a mess from the party, and sat on the couch across from each other. Dean kept a respectful distance, even though what he really wanted to do was cling to Cas and beg him for forgiveness.
“It’s not-” he tried anyway, the rest choking in his throat. He tried again, “We’re not…
“Dean,” Daphne said. After an awkward beat, she added, “Hello.”
"I'm sorry," Jimmy says. “I don’t - I don’t want to leave you.”
And yeah, Dean knows. Not like he’s forgotten what happened. The vamps, the kids in danger. Getting impaled on a rusty nail like some amateur, dying in Sam’s arms.
Castiel nods.
When Dean got dressed and ready to leave half an hour later, he almost felt sorry to be leaving Cas behind. Probably because he hadn’t been able to prove Daphne wrong.
He sounds hesitant and hopeful all at once, and Dean feels the last knot of tension loosen in his stomach. He steps closer, bringing their bodies flush together, a shiver running down his spine when Cas tentatively puts a hand on his hip.
“Essentially, yes,” Cas agrees, looking very much like he wishes he wouldn’t have to.
Jody and Donna offer their congratulations before the conversation can get awkward, and Kaia, Alex, and Patience chime in with theirs as well. Jack looks confused at the whole proceeding, finally asking whether this means there won’t be any bouquet to catch, which only means Dean has gravely failed him in his pop culture education (oh, who’s he kidding, as if half the romcoms Jack has watched didn’t come directly from the recommended tab on Dean’s Netflix account).
Castiel glances down, at their bodies still naked and somewhat intertwined. He looks back up at Dean, pointedly.
Castiel is no stranger to being attracted to someone he can’t have. His high school and college years were for the most part a miserable parade of infatuations with boys that were invariably out of reach. Either they were straight, or at least presented as such, already in relationships or were for one reason or another uninterested in Castiel.
“Here is good,” Cas replied. He looked up into Dean’s eyes, gaze heated. “So, Gunner Lawless.”
“What the fuck?” he whispered to himself, staring up at the ceiling.
Castiel considers this for a moment, concedes that Dean has a point. “So we’ve both been dicks.”
They play. They drink some more. Dean flirts a little, subtle enough so that Cas probably doesn’t notice, or at least doesn’t object. He might even be flirting back, though Dean has a hard time telling. Everything Cas does is sexy to him.
“Beg me,” Cas commanded, twisting his fingers inside Dean. “Beg me, and I’ll fuck you.”
Maybe it should feel awkward but Castiel doesn’t feel anything but grateful as he sinks into the soft mattress, tugging Dean close and burying his nose back in the crook of Dean’s neck. He’s always been clingy after sex, something several of his exes have commented on and even made fun of him for, but Dean just grabs his arm and tugs him even closer, wriggling until his back is pressed tight against Castiel’s front.
Novak is staring at him, so Dean snaps his mouth shut. He didn’t mean to say all that but he’s frustrated and tired, now that the adrenaline is wearing off.
‘Enjoyable’ was putting it mildly, Dean thought. ‘Mind-blowing’ might fit better. It had been so good, he hadn’t even realized while it was happening that it had
"Fine, ignore me." Meg sighs and straightens. "But you know I'm right."
Cas bit down in response, and Dean could swear he felt the bastard smile when he moaned. He definitely didn’t mind the bit of rough treatment, especially not when Cas followed that up with laving his tongue over his nipple to soothe the sting.
It had been a year, but Dean was never gonna stop blushing when Cas complimented him out of the blue like this.
Novak gets off the couch, crossing the room in quick strides. He stops right in front of Dean, reaching to grasp his chin. Dean flinches from the touch so he lowers his hand, takes half a step back.
Dean’s stomach sinks. He searches Mom’s expression for any hint of a joke but she looks completely serious.
Well, that one was easy to answer. He hadn’t expected his relationship with Cas to last this long.
Dean shakes his head. “No, shut up. It’s my turn to speak. You are a goddamn moron if you ever thought for one second you couldn’t have me. I’ve been yours for- hell, for more years than I care to count.” He laughs, the sound distorted by the tears already falling down his cheeks. “You have to know that.”
“He teaches queer history,” Dean points out.
Finally, Dean gives. He moves, scooting in his seat so that he can lay down, legs crammed against the Impala’s door. Cas doesn’t protest. He just lifts his hand, allowing Dean to lay his head in his lap. He keeps it raised for a few moments, then slowly, uncertainly lowers it, palm warm against Dean’s scalp and his fingers combing gently through his hair.
They salt the bones, douse them in ethanol and light them on fire. A fierce gust of wind blows through the cemetery, but nothing else seems to happen.
“You…” Castiel is breathless when he speaks and it’s too much, Dean can’t take it.
What.
He doubted either of them would last long at this point but that didn’t matter. What mattered was outlasting Cas.
“It will be okay,” she says.
Cas joins them for dinner. It's a little weird at first, especially when Dean explains that Cas owns the bookstore, which makes him Dean's boss.
“And we’re meeting for lunch tomorrow. As
, Dean thought a couple of minutes later, as Cas slid his cock into Dean’s still well-prepped hole while looking him in the eye with open adoration,
What the hell was it about Cas? Get a couple of beers in Dean (literally only a couple this time, which was just embarrassing) and he was ready to jump into bed with him and bend over for his dick.
Later, Dean promised himself, and craned his head to drag his lips across Cas’ collarbone, laving his tongue over a spot of skin he knew was especially sensitive. Cas shuddered on top of him, cock warm and fully hard in Dean’s hand now. He sped up his movements, sucking on Cas’ skin as he twisted his grip over the head of Cas’ cock, letting every embarrassing moan and sigh tumble past his lips because he knew Cas loved them.
It made sense, didn’t it? Dean had made it this far, and letting Cas… letting him do
“Uh.”
“I didn’t mean to… let you stew,” Cas says. “What happened wasn’t your fault.”
Cas straightens and shoots him a wry smile. “Is that why you put that bow in her hair? Or is it because of that woman who told you how handsome your son is?”
"With this?" Dean asks. The crowbar feels heavy in his hand, but he doesn't understand what damage it can do to a ghost.
“Maybe it wasn’t about you?” Charlie suggests. “There’s lots of reasons why a gay man in the Midwest might have hang-ups about getting hit on.”
Castiel’s lips quirk in a faint smile. “Thank you, Dean. Did you want anything?”
This is a bad idea.
Dean wonders if he should mention the nightmares. Maybe showing that little bit of vulnerability would be enough to break the tension between them right now. It might be worth it even though he’s sick of feeling so vulnerable all the damn time.
“He’s growing into the job. He’ll be a hell of a lot better than the last boss, let me tell you.”)
been a dick? What about you? The loud music, the constant barbs, questioning my masculinity…”
“Nope. An omega is supposed to stay chaste until marriage, remember? My family made sure I didn’t have anyone with me.”
It’s fun, though. Dean lets himself forget whatever transpired between them for the night and just lets loose. Cas is first and foremost his best friend and Dean likes hanging out with him.
Cas sighs. “...Yes.”
“Guess you’re just that hot.”
Dean shrugs, tucking his arms close to his chest. “I dunno what to tell you, Cas. It’s different.”
his luck. For once, something was going his way.
Castiel’s eyes drop to his lips. Then he’s leaning in, closing the gap between them, and at the first touch of their lips Dean is lost. He’s never felt it before but it’s unmistakable. The bond.
And Cas came with a stuttered gasp, spilling over Dean’s fist. Dean had a moment to enjoy his victory before he was coming too, mixing his spend with Cas’ between them.
“Perhaps I am being too forward again, but would you like to get out of here?”
Dean is positively leaking, loose and ready for Castiel to fuck him. Castiel isn’t ready though, wants Dean not just desperate but desperate for
“Not a problem,” Eileen assured him. “Nice to meet you. Dean has told us so much about you.”
Then Mary spotted him. “Come sit down, Dean. I was just telling Castiel about your stint on the wrestling team in junior year. Remember that?” She turned to Cas. “He had at least three posters of Gunner Lawless on his bedroom wall. Honestly, in hindsight I should have been less surprised by you.”
He flailed, and Cas obviously hadn’t been expecting that, because he didn’t even react when Dean pushed him away and sent him rolling off his side of the bed and to the floor. The next moment, his head popped into view, eyes wide and staring at Dean in shock.
The apartment across the hall.
Dean laughs. “Just show up in that trenchcoat, man.”
Those last words he speaks directly to Cas.
Eileen flushes happily at that, leaning against Sam’s chest. Cas beams at Dean and impulsively, Dean reaches for his free hand underneath the table and takes it. Cas grabs it back, intertwining their fingers.
“No!” Sam raises his hands. “No, I’m not saying that. It’s just… it’s been three weeks. And none of our leads have been panning out. Rowena can’t help us, Jack is completely hands-off… we can keep trying, and we should, but not forever. Not at the expense of you moving on with your life.”
Before Sam has the chance to wonder why their apartment smells like Cas' bookstore, he spots Dean and Cas on the couch. They're both topless for some reason, and Cas is smoking. Not a cigarette, Sam realizes with a start, but a joint.
On the other hand, trawling through Castiel’s Facebook page hadn’t turned up anything important. Shouldn’t he be working to move past this? And wasn’t the best way to do so to find out what the hell was so great about this guy?
“I guess.” Dean sat down on his couch, letting out a sigh of relief. “Man, I’m just glad you didn’t guess gay.”
Dean considers bringing it up with Cas but it’s just too awkward and in the end, very little reevaluating is done. Dean likes that they’re close, even if they’re never as close as he actually wants. He doesn’t wanna lose any part of what he and Cas have, doesn’t want anything to change between them.
Sam's heart starts beating faster before he even realizes who called his name. He turns around and there she is: Maggie Barton, in a tight red dress, her dark curls bouncing with every step. She's smiling at him, looks so happy to see him, and Sam can't breathe. She really is the most beautiful girl he's ever seen.
Cas shrugs. “Where would I go?”
“Oh.”
“Don’t worry,” Crowley quickly adds. “It’s not going anywhere, I’ve already spoken with Naomi and she agrees with me that it’s meritless. Nothing but groundless accusations disguising thinly veiled bigotry.”
“Mom.” He closed the door behind him, clinging to the doorknob for a moment before letting go. “What are you doing here?”
like a joke?”
Cas walks around his desk, opening one of the drawers. He pulls out a stack of photographs, turned down so Dean can’t see what they’re of. They’re old, though, faded yellow and crinkled around the edges.
He digs into his meal with fervor, ignoring the slightly disgusted look Jimmy shoots him. He knew what he was signing up for when he became friends with Dean.
After a few moments, his neighbor comes to the door. Much to his frustration, Castiel is still taken aback every time he sees Dean Winchester face to face and is reminded of how unfairly handsome he is. The feeling quickly passes when his scent hits Castiel’s nose, an unpleasant alpha stench with synthetic undertones caused by the enhancers he always wears.
They go inside, Cas holding the crowbar raised, Dean with the canister of salt in his hand.
"It has. One every ten years. Jimmy happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time."
“Shouldn’t you mind your business?” Dean snipes, reaching out and snatching the coffee from Cas’ grasp before he can hand it to him.
Dean clearly got hit by the cherub’s magic and went straight for Cas. It’s a lot of work to make a person fall in love after all, but if someone’s head over heels already then it wouldn’t take more than a nudge. In Dean’s case, he feels like a light breeze blowing in the right direction might have been enough.
“I wouldn’t know.” Cas resumes his work. He’s sitting on the floor next to the couch, which can’t be comfortable, but he’s probably too drunk to care right now. Just like Dean. “I’ve never been to one before.”
“I’m sorry,” Jimmy says again.
“But you’re an android,” Dean says, confused. “What are people really expecting?”
The Empty screeches and Cas’ hands tighten their grip.
It wasn’t long before Cas’ cock was again pressing against Dean’s hole, and then he was starting to push inside. Dean’s self-confidence faltered as he felt the stretch, and it seemed like half an eternity before the head was finally past his rim.
Flushing, Dean reached down and pulled his cheeks apart with both hands. Cas’ fingers found his hole immediately, fingertips rubbing over it a couple of times before dipping inside. Dean hissed at the intrusion, but he stayed still as Cas moved his fingers deeper, already twisting them around.
And before Castiel can answer, the door gets shut in his face. He stands in the hallway, fuming, debating whether it would be worth the hassle to knock again and prolong the argument.
“You did the same for me,” Dean reminds him. “And you- you know.”
“Are you allowed to have your phone with you?”
Cas nods. “Good. And don’t think I’m giving you a discount on your coffee.”
Dean stepped closer, and Castiel’s first thought was that it was a shame about his scent. It smelled artificial; Dean had clearly doused himself in enhancers in order to smell more alpha. Castiel had known a few alphas who did that throughout the years and they were without exception aggressive and overcompensating.
“You’re a moron,” he says.
Cas pauses his movements. Dean thinks he might have offended him so he raises his head, craning his neck to get a proper look at his face, but Cas doesn’t looks pissed, just deep in thought.
A couple of days before Cas’ birthday, Dean cobbled together something resembling a plan. His first instinct had been to feign an illness but he’d always sucked at that – too used to powering through and pretending to be fine when he actually
Dean stares at the phone for a couple of seconds more, then puts it down and heads to the bathroom for a shower.
“Right.” Cas swallowed. “And Meg was helping me put together a list of invitations to send out and she brought to my attention that you might… object to some of the guests.”
“It can be difficult coming to terms with your sexuality when you’re already an adult.” Cas offered a sympathetic smile. “When you feel like you should be past questioning who you are. Not realizing you’re gay until you’re into your late twenties-"
Dean was planning on calling Sam yesterday. He dialed his number multiple times part way through before hanging up. Even got up to five digits a couple of times.
His voice breaks as he speaks, those last words pushed out by sheer willpower.
Cas looks at him, eyes wide and begging him to understand. “Dean, I – you don’t want me to go with you.”
Dean huffs. “Dude, I’ve had boyfriends before. This ain’t my first rodeo.”
isn’t a great place. The coffee is only okay and the identical android baristas creep Dean out but right now, he doesn’t care about any of that. He just needs to get his caffeine fix without feeling like he’s being judged by strangers.
“You were assaulted?”
A really fucking great evening, as it turned out
Cas’ smile turned positively feral. “Not yet, you aren’t.”
her,” Charlie repeats, “and she said she knew I had no reason to believe her but she’s actually planning on sticking around for good this time.”
“Large black coffee to go?”
liked him.
He's finished one bottle out of two by the time he gets to Maggie Barton's, an hour late because he spent way too long deciding what to wear (and screw Dean, guys think about that stuff, too. Especially when they have a shot at someone like Maggie Barton).
“What?”
He goes to the kitchen, cooks breakfast. Sam is usually out on a run and most mornings, Eileen is in the kitchen already, coffee brewing. Dean greets her with a kiss on the cheek - another crucial part of his new routine/holding-pattern, making sure he touches someone first thing in the morning. That’s less about structure and more about reminding himself that he’s human. Sam gets a pat on the back when he gets back from his run, and a one-armed hug once he’s actually showered. By then, breakfast is usually ready.
“How is he?”
Dean doesn’t call Sam. Whatever conversation they need to have feels too important to have over the phone.
“I don’t think I’m explaining it right.”
“Dean,” Cas says, and it already sounds like a rejection.
“You always smell like an alpha,” Castiel says, defensive. He can recall now, all those times he thought Dean’s scent smelled artificial, but he always chalked it up to enhancers. “What was I supposed to think?”
Next to him stands Jack.
Dean shrugs one shoulder. His palm is getting uncomfortably warm from holding the coffee. “Listen, I gotta-” he gestures at the exit.
Cas approaches, handing Dean his cup. Their fingers brush as Dean takes it, causing a small shock of static electricity.
He dreams of Jimmy and of shards of glass raining down on him, tearing his pale skin like paper until there is nothing left. He wakes up, and it's near midnight.
Other Dean cuts him off with a kiss, and suddenly they’re frozen. Dean turns back to Cas, who gives him a wry look.
Cas, please.”
Dean snorted. “Whatever, geek.” He cleared his throat. “And, uh, thanks. For taking it so well.”
Dean looks down at his phone again, as if he might have received a message in the past minute without noticing. “Yeah.”
Dean’s blood runs cold. “So if you hadn’t interfered-”
The conversation ends there but Dean’s plan is apparently agreed upon since once they arrive at Jody’s, Cas doesn’t say a word about their recent relationship upgrade. Jody doesn’t seem to notice anything different, but then Dean didn’t expect her to. She’s not the one they spend most of their time around. Neither do Donna, Alex, Claire or Kaia, none of them surprises. Patience, Dean is less sure about, but she at least doesn’t say anything. Her eyes do linger unusually long but that could mean anything.
get the drop on him.
Dean was just beginning to think that Cas was gonna let him sit and stew in the bathroom the whole night when there was another knock on the door.
Her voice breaks. Sam squeezes his eyes shut, wraps his arms tight around her shoulders. He doesn’t understand how this is happening. How he isn’t dead too.
Castiel pulls away. “Ready for what?”
Jealousy flares in Castiel’s chest, so quick and so unexpected that he nearly physically reels from it. Which is ridiculous; Dean is an attractive man, of course there are people who would flirt with him. Besides, he doesn’t exactly look flattered at Crowley’s attention.
Dean feels cooped up. More than that, he’s lonely. He skypes with Sam every night, and Charlie and Benny a couple of times a week, but it’s not the same. What he really needs is a bar or a club he can go to, some place to socialize.
"I'm not here to shop," Dean says, thrown off by this stranger. But it's been a year since he left, so what did he expect? For everything to stay the same? "I'm here to see Cas."
“I should have told you, but I was weak. I didn’t want you to hate me.”
“Dean?”
He kept sucking until Cas went soft (hey, if you’re already swallowing come, might as well make sure none of it gets in the sheets). Then he pulled back with a soft pop, looking uncertainly back up at Cas.
Dean doesn't even try to protest the move, but Sam can tell by the set of his jaw that he isn't happy. If Dad picks up on it, he sure as hell doesn't care. But what else is new.
Dean waits a beat. “…Wanna elaborate?”
“Once you’ve been a vessel.” Dean shrugs again. There’s a lump in his throat already. He’s not ready to be having this conversation. “It’s different.”
They’re in the Impala, about half an hour away from Jody’s place.
Something fluttered in Dean's chest. “That’s, uh… thanks. I appreciate it.”
Just as they've finished packing up, Sam finds a piece of paper on the kitchen counter. There's a number written on it and some message underneath, but before Sam has a chance to read it, Dean's snatched it up.
Both boys twirl around. Jimmy is standing there.
"Sure," Sam blurts. He probably sounds way too eager but Maggie's smile just widens.
"Really?" Dean turns and looks at the clock on the wall. "Huh. What d'ya know. Think it's time to start closing, Cas?"
“Just don’t mess it up again,” Daphne added, raising a stern eyebrow at Dean.
Dean fidgets in his seat, tries not to dwell on how familiar those words sound. "Well, don't. I'll be fine."
“We’ll see about that.”
Dean opened both his eyes, a little more alert. “It’s not your parents, is it?”
“So…” Dean cleared his throat. “Daphne and I dated.”
He turns a corner and Cas is standing there by one of the shelves.
“No.”
A finger brushed over Dean’s hole. The lube was still cold and it made Dean twitch away instinctively. One hand grasped his hip, keeping him still.
“Yes, I suppose we shouldn’t interrupt you any longer,” Daphne said. “We were on our way out, anyway.”
Cas pulls his hand away from his body, pulls the - grace? that’s what it’s gotta be, right? - away as well, and then he’s throwing it away, chucking it like last week’s garbage.
That’s all other Cas gets out before other Dean is on him, kissing him like a man possessed. Dean averts his eyes uncomfortably, feeling like an asshole for pressuring Cas on this. If this is what he had to deal with, multiple times, it’s no wonder he doesn’t wanna be around Dean anymore.
Then, Cas was pausing. “I… need to get the lube.”
The first slap came as a complete surprise. That was the only reason Dean yelped, and he was sticking by that. The next two came in quick succession, catching each of Dean’s cheeks, and he was pushing into it without even meaning to. It hurt, but not too badly, and every blow seemed to send a jolt right down to Dean’s dick.
Dean sees the punch coming but he doesn't brace himself, instead welcoming the blow of Cas' fist against his cheek. He goes flying into the shelf behind him, knocking several books onto the floor. Cas follows and Dean is sure he's about hit him again, but instead he grabs Dean's shirt and slams their lips together.
- and in his hurry he almost bowls Cas over.
He was rewarded with a breathless moan and Cas’ hips moving into his hand. He nipped at Cas’ earlobe, licking and kissing a small trail down his neck, and he knew he’d hit a sensitive spot when he sucked on the soft skin just above his Adam’s apple and felt precum spurt out of Cas’ dick.
The bell chimes as Dean enters and Cas calls without looking up from the till, “Large black coffee to go?”
“Jack? Uh, our son who art in heaven? You hearin’ me, buddy? We’re hitting a lot of dead ends here, could really use some help on the Cas-rescue mission. I know you’re busy, y’know, being God and you promised not to mess with us on account of free will but Cas’ whole deal - that happened before all that went down. There’s a loophole there, right? Something to exploit?”
“I’m glad you did. Even if you did go about it in a terrible way,” Castiel adds. “Dean is a good man and I’m glad to have the chance to be his friend.”
“Oh, fuck,” Dean gasped, hand automatically grabbing for Cas’ shoulder.
She leaves and a strange silence descends over the room. Dean fiddles with his thumbs, not looking in Sam’s direction, then sighs and reaches for the enochian text.
Cas gives him a deadpan look and Dean blushes because, oh right, android. For all he knows, Cas has a second set of eyes hidden underneath that surprisingly realistic head of hair.
“Yeah?”
“There.” Dean smiles, looking Cas right in the eyes and hoping that he can pick up on everything Dean can’t bring himself to say. “A kiss for a kiss. We’re even.”
“Fuck,” Dean breathes.
The girl looks up, and Dean is struck by how much she looks like Cas; dark hair, bright blue eyes. Hell, she's even got the same frown. "Who are you?"
“Huh?”
Something occurs to Dean. There’s only one other person he knows who was so into old nudes and if Cas has been looking for that stuff then it seems almost impossible for them to have never met. It would explain what Cas was doing at Rocky’s; he doesn’t exactly seem like the type to hang out at bars.
It rang a couple of times before Mom picked up, sounding out of breath. “Hey, sweetie.”
Dean was pretty sure the words he’d used had been much more graphic than ‘special fondness’. But still. “You remembered that?”
“And I want to thank you,” Mom continued, as if he hadn’t just spoken, “for being honest with me. And I want to learn more. And, uh…”
It was a good distraction, because Dean didn’t notice Cas’ hand had moved until it was gripping Dean’s dick and starting to pump it slowly. Dean whined into their kiss, hips unconsciously moving in time with Cas’ hand.
Dean cleared his throat, suddenly very aware of his phone sitting heavy in his pocket, with no new messages or calls from Cas since the day before. “I don’t know yet. It’s up to him.”
Dean leans forward in his chair. Next to him Eileen does the same. “Yeah?”
Dean waits. Jack looks back at him, beaming.
That charming smile is suddenly looking a lot more strained.
As in, since before Jimmy died.
“It went about as well as it could have. I’m pretty sure she thinks I’m crazy now.”
“You didn’t even give me a chance to answer,” he says, voice choked. “But you didn’t think you needed it, did you? You said I was something you could never have.”
"That's it," Dean gasped, "fuck me, Cas, fucking
"Jimmy," Cas exhales, sounding like someone just knocked all the air out him.
Dean pats Emma’s head, careful not to disturb the pink bow clinging precariously to a few strands of hair. That woman was not the first person to confuse Emma for a boy, probably because most of her clothes are hand-me-downs from Cas’ nephew, Jack.
Castiel is loud. He’s not shouting or anything but these pained-sounding grunts keep filtering through the bedroom door and into the living room, where Dean is sitting with warm ears and heat rapidly pooling in his crotch. He tries to put headphones in but he’s so hyper-aware of just what it is he’s blocking out, he still can’t focus.
“The hell you don’t. Stop teasing, and fuck me like you mean it!”
“I really have become good at putting my foot in it,” Balthazar says with a stilted laugh, reminding Castiel of his presence.
Dean groans in frustration. “Let me up, I’m not having this conversation laying down.”
It’s a lot of change in a short amount of time, especially considering he doesn’t know of Emma’s existence until he gets the call from the hospital. He’s responsible for a whole ass person now - a tiny, fragile person who won’t stop crying and who screams bloody murder whenever Dean tries to put her in a car seat.
Dean looks between them. Both Sam and Eileen are looking at him expectantly and it hits him then that they probably planned this. Next hunt that came their way, they’d use as an excuse to get Dean out of the bunker.
“What?” Dean spits, and it’s then that Castiel realizes.
“I won’t,” Dean vowed.
!” Dean crouches down, feeling like his skin is tightening all around him, squeezing down his organs. “Cas, please! I’m not leaving here without you, you goddamn idiot, so show yourself before I get blown the fuck apart!”
Actually, Dean would pay good money to see Cas deal with Vegas.
the bar.”
, the information was all public.
“I’m just thinking through some things,” Dean admitted.
That was just- of all the ridiculous-
Before Dean can think too hard on that, or before he can even respond to the kiss, Cas is pulling away.
Suddenly, Castiel was looking right at him, eyes meeting Dean's. They were sitting too far apart for Dean to see their color but they were piercing even from this distance, and for a moment Dean felt caught in them.
“I don’t want to be drunk when I meet your family,” he told Dean primly.
Cas takes her carefully into his arms, supporting her head like the nurse at the hospital had shown Dean and cradling her to his chest. He bounces her just slightly and then, miracle of miracles, her crying starts to die down.
He did just want a beer but if he can take the opportunity to rub it in Dean’s face that he’s not afraid to be an unconventional alpha, all the better.
“Stop it,” Dean says. “Please.”
The words come rushing out of Dean’s mouth before he can stop them. He wants to grab them back, especially when Castiel answers:
“Then don’t,” Cas says. His voice is small and lost like a child’s, so at odds with his earlier cold determination.
“Where were you?” Dean asks as soon as he walks through the door, even though he promised himself not to make a bigger deal out of it than he already has.
“You didn’t either,” Dean shoots back. “And
“I’m fine.”
Cas’ arm brushes against Dean’s and he’s still coming closer. He leans in and Dean closes his eyes on instinct, only realizing after he’s done it that he’s being ridiculous, except then Cas’ lips brush against his own and
“I’m not that bad,” Dean groused.
different, and for some reason it had his knees almost buckling with lust. He almost tripped over himself getting to the bed, chucking his underwear off as he went.
“What does one do at a slumber party?”
And when had Cas gotten so close? He was way in Dean’s personal space, distractingly so, with his stubble and way-too blue eyes and undefined smell that was too subtle and heady to be anything but Castiel himself.
Dean approaches the counter, wincing at the way his shoes squelch as he walks. He should’ve just sucked it up and put on some rainboots. “Yeah?”
let Cas win this. He jerked Cas’ cock harder, raising his head to bite his earlobe just as Cas grabbed his dick.
Cas looks down at the photographs in his hands, a guilty expression on his face and
“Sorry, I’m sure he’s a great advisor.”
Dean closes his eyes again. Lets himself relax, and even though he’s cold and crammed into way too small a space it’s the most comfortable he’s been in weeks.
“It was my brother’s birthday yesterday.”
The tall brunet – who Castiel would later learn was Dean’s brother – came back out of the apartment and demanded that Dean get back to moving.
Cas looked down at him with a mix of fondness and exasperation. “You cheated.”
“Cas,” Dean groans. “C’mon man, I’m
“Doesn’t mean he’s got all his shit figured out. Trust me, you can be loud and proud about who you are and still feel shame when it comes to actually,” Charlie makes an obscene gesture with her hand, “y’know, putting that stuff into practice.”
He’s just so fucking tired.
Of fucking course.
He picks up the coffee with his other hand, sipping as he reads:
It’s a barn. It looks vaguely familiar but that doesn’t have to mean anything, since most run-down barns kind of look the same. They grab machetes from the trunk, Sam close at Dean’s back as they enter.
“I open a portal to the Empty, and you enter it.”
“You were the one who-” Sam huffed, letting his hands drop at his side. “Never mind. Have you even been out of the house since Friday?”
“Should we get married?”
Cas shoots him a surprised look, then nods. "Now?"
“Prove it,” Dean shot back.
So here they were, sitting on the couch in Dean’s living room and eating pizza that they’d ordered because Dean had been too preoccupied with his gay (bi?) crisis and had burnt the meatloaf he’d promised to cook.
“I love you, too,” Cas said.
She pulls back. Smiles up at him, eyes shining with unshed tears. “Because that’s what Dean would have wanted for you.”
"Away from my brother, you mean."
Castiel nodded once, looking like he was bracing himself for something. “Then could I… buy you a drink?”
“Uh. Thanks?”
“Run, kids,” Sam commands quietly.
He decides against it. It would probably end the same way, only with more of Castiel’s time wasted. He spends enough time and energy fighting with Dean as is. Sometimes Castiel wishes he were the kind of alpha who punches first. It would make dealing with Dean a lot simpler, if not easier.
Charlie’s expression brightens. “Hey, come with me tomorrow!”
he was so nervous about. He already knew Mom and Sam accepted him, and no one could dislike Cas so they were bound to get along. Maybe it was just that this was the first time he’d introduced his family to a significant other since Lisa, and look how he’d fucked that up.
Dean’s grin slides right off his face. Leave it to Sam to ruin his fun. He grabs his own coffee, taking a lengthy sip instead of answering.
Dean pointed a finger at Sam. “That’s sexist, man.”
“This is Castiel, my ex-fiancé,” Daphne introduced them with a sparkle of amusement in her eye. “And Dean, my ex-boyfriend and his current fiancé.”
“You’re making yourself sick,” Dean shoots back. “How have you gotten through more than a couple of ruts if they’re always this bad?”
Dean does manage to scrape together a shitty first draft to turn in on Monday. Miss Milton tries to get him to stay after class anyway, probably to talk about his
“That’s not-” Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. “That’s not what I meant to say.”
He dreams of Jimmy (or is it Cas?) pushing him against the shelves in the empty library, kissing him again and again, until blood spills past both their lips and they choke on it.
In retaliation, Cas snaked an arm around Dean’s lower back and reached down to pinch his butt.
“Of course,” Cas said. “That was only one way to have sex, we have countless others to go through if we want this to be a fair competition. I also maintain that stamina is an utterly arbitrary criteria to judge-”
“To family,” Cas echoes, raising his own bottle. “And to love.”
Going out tonight was probably a mistake.
"Why do you think that?"
That, yeah, he's thought about this too? That he probably would’ve done a lot more than just think about it if he weren’t such a goddamn coward? That he desperately wishes Jimmy had asked sooner, that either of them had?
It was a clear dismissal. “Night,” Dean muttered back.
Cas huffs. The back of his ears have turned red, too. It’s kind of cute.
“Meet me in my office once you’re done for the day. I’ll get you past that writer’s block if I have to beat it out of your skull with a typewriter.”
“I was upset,” he repeated, “for about five minutes after you left.”
Red flashes before Dean's eyes and then he's shoving Cas away, knocking him into a nearby wall. "
“That’s-” Daphne blew out a deep sigh. “I can’t decide if that’s strangely romantic or incredibly skeezy.”
All the more reason to stop being a coward and find Maggie Barton right away.
There were a couple of close calls, but overall it was smooth sailing. Cas didn’t seem to have noticed anything except Dean being slightly jumpier than usual, but he probably chalked it up to Dean being nervous surrounded mostly by strangers. Which, in any other case, might have even been true.
“Do you see any in here?”
He cut himself off with a long, drawn-out moan, hips stuttering and then stilling. Dean could feel his dick pulsing, and he couldn’t hold back a whimper at the realization that Cas was coming inside him. A condom between them, but still.
“In a few hours, I expect.”
Dean shrugged. “I don’t pass through Canonsburg a whole lot.”
“For now,” Jack agrees. “Sit down, please, let me explain.”
). Dean straightened and turned around, tugging Cas in for a breathless kiss.
Dean waves his hand dismissively. "I will be in a few months. Besides, my fake I.D. works just as good as a real one."
“I think she was mostly confused.”
Dean licked his lips. “Uh, sure.”
, Castiel is
“I don’t mind,” Dean whispered. They were both drifting off to sleep, sated now and still tangled up in each other. “If you wanna invite Daphne, I mean.”
“…You’re joking.”
Finally, they made their way to the bedroom, and Cas was backing Dean up to the bed. Dean went willingly, surprised at how easily this all aroused him. He’d never done anything with another man, never even thought of it in more than the most abstract terms (and a couple of… dozens of dreams about Dr. Sexy, but no one needed to know about those). Was Cas really this good?
On the short walk to
He'd apologize to Charlie tomorrow. Right now, he just needed to sit and catch his breath and wait for Cas to come find him and break up with him.
He takes the next morning off, needing to recharge and having no lectures or appointments to attend. That doesn’t mean he’s sleeping in; rather, Castiel wakes up bright and early and goes out on a run.
“That’s not what I meant,” Castiel says apologetically.
"I'm not even sure she likes me," Sam interjects.
“What?”
“So,” he said. “Alpha?”
“Never!” Dean laughed but it was cut off by a gasp when Cas licked the shell off his ear. Since when had his
Dean shut him up with a kiss. They both had morning breath so he kept it short and clean, trailing his lips down Cas’ neck and guiding him with a hand on his waist to lie back down. Cas was naked, which made the proceedings simpler, but that also meant that his rapidly hardening-dick was impossible to ignore as it bumped against Dean’s hip. Dean ignored it, at least for now, focusing on the parts of Cas’ anatomy he had experience with.
“I do make a mean Tom Collins,” Cas deadpans.
Dean frowns. “I could’ve-”
“Obviously you do, ignore that.” Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. “You’re not working today?”
“Who did this?” he asks.
"Eight o'clock. Don't be late."
Instead, what did it was Cas raising his hand a smacking his ass again, right as he plunged his tongue inside Dean’s hole and
Eileen smiles but doesn’t offer any empty words of comfort. “I think I’m gonna hit the hay.”
It’s not a happy ending, Dean knows. It’s so much better. It’s a happy here and now, the future stretching before them unknown, filled with endless possibilities.
during the afternoon a couple of days later and Castiel isn’t working. There’s Jimmy, Emmanuel, and Lucifer (
This was it. Time to get it out of the way.
The alarm rings and it takes a moment for Dean to orient himself. He sits up, rubbing his eyes with the back of his hand as he blearily takes in the room. They’re in a motel just outside of Alamosa, on their way back home after working a case. Sam’s sleeping in the next bed over and Cas…
Just like that.
“Oh.” Cas glanced at Dean. “I suppose we could go somewhere else?"
"I guess so. Oh!" Jimmy looks up, somewhere over their shoulders. Dean turns around, but he can't see anything. "I think I need to go now."
Dean sits up and checks his phone. No messages. He shoots off a quick ‘
“It’s kind of a weird one.” Dean grinned half-heartedly.  “No offense.”
He waits until Sam is gone, until he hears the doors of his bedroom shut behind him, then closes the book again. It’s useless, anyway. He brings his hands together, fingers intertwined, and closes his eyes.
," Dean says pointedly. "But I got an extension, so would you stop worrying?"
Cas kicks him underneath the table. Dean retorts by hooking his ankle around Cas’ foot, keeping it in place pressed against his own.
of that. “You’re…”
“Not advice so much as a mission statement,” Dean says behind clenched teeth.
Dean groaned, raising his head as much as Cas’ hand on his neck allowed and glaring over his shoulder. “Are you kidding me?”
From the corner of his eye, he can see Cas reach the coffee machine and pour himself a cup. He doesn’t drink from it yet, just holds it between both hands and smells it.
Cas is nowhere to be seen.
“Really?” Sam had his hands on his hips, eyebrows raised at Dean. “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend?”
Dean's picked up a job at a local bookstore, and all he's had to say about it so far is that the owner is really weird. He's home in the evenings, which is cool, and some nights it almost feels like they've got a real home.
“Is that so?” he asks, warm and low. “Guess I’d better get on that.”
Cas was fucking him like he’d finally lost control, hard and fast and deep, groaning and panting. Their moans joined the sound of skin slapping against skin and the filthy sound of Cas’ dick plunging in and out of Dean.
“My point is, just nut up and ask this Cas guy if he’s into you or not. Then you can be gross about his thighs to the man himself and leave me out of it.”
“I can make mac and cheese,” Cas protested.
Dean snorts. “Okay, you can probably tell that’s a lie. But it’s only a matter of time. We’re gonna get you out of there, and-” he hesitates. This isn’t something he wants to tell Cas over prayer, even if he could spit it out and even if Cas could hear him. “We’re gonna get you out. Just hang tight.”
“What’s there to talk about?” Dean asks, thumbing through the pages without really looking at them.
“Is that a no? What would happen if you were to leave right now?”
But like hell was Dean gonna give up now. In response, he sunk down on Cas’ cock in one, smooth movement, not stopping until Cas was balls-deep in him. He had to pause again, breath catching in his chest. Maybe he’d been a little ambitious. He felt full to the point of bursting, Cas’ cock feeling fucking
that if he backed out now, it had all been for nothing.
“Likewise,” Cas answered, sounding as shocked as Dean was feeling.
Then Dean noticed him. “Hey, are you the guy in 2B?”
For a long moment, they just stare at each other. Dean is vaguely aware that he’s causing a scene right now but it doesn’t matter.
Talking is overrated, anyway.
When he opened his eyes, Cas had just reached them. He put a hand on Daphne’s shoulder, shooting Dean a concerned glance, and Dean wanted to sink into the ground and down to hell, where he belonged. Guilt squirmed in his gut, hot and uncomfortable.
Eagle eyed readers will notice I changed this from a series into one fic with multiple chapters. I just thought it'd fit better. I also originally intended for only two parts/chapters but I wanted to get this out as soon as possible so I cut the second part into two. The last chapter should probably be up mid/late next week.
Neither one of them speaks, the silence between them growing awkward.
“It was only a few days ago,” Cas said, shrugging.
“Just. Shut your mouth or we’ll never get to the parts you
“We were meant to have dinner with Jody and the girls tomorrow,” Sam tells them. “A sort of memorial to you, Dean.”
Cas falters for just a moment before continuing his work, motions smooth and practiced. “Oh.”
After that, they start seeing more of each other. Castiel goes to the office later in the mornings now, so Dean doesn’t have to get up at an ungodly hour just so they can eat breakfast together. He also comes home earlier and they spend some time together. Whenever Castiel goes out with his friends, he invites Dean along, and Dean starts to make plans with some of them outside of those group outings.
A few long seconds pass and then the door is opening and Dean is there. Castiel opens his mouth to speak but the words stall as he takes in the sight of his neighbor, pale-faced and sweaty, his expression miserable and his eyes red.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean breathes. “I mean - yes. Yeah, I do.”
Cas’ eyebrows furrow. “What?”
He pushed at Cas, who caught his hands and entwined their fingers, effectively pinning Dean down. Heat was igniting in Dean’s gut; his head might still be all mixed up from the past twenty-four hours but his dick was quick to get with the program. He rolled his hips, smirking with satisfaction when the movement brought his leg in contact with Cas’ hardening cock, making him moan.
Dean rolls his eyes but relents. Next to him, a woman who just arrived with her baby in a stroller laughs.
“I already ordered something,” Cas told him. “I hope you don’t mind."
” Dean groaned.
Dean swallows and clears his throat uncomfortably. "Yeah. Doesn't really sound like my type of thing, though."
"It might be interesting to go," Jimmy continues. "I've heard that drive-in-theaters used to be popular for dates."
Cas grimaces. “Dean, that’s not - I was uncomfortable, yes, but that wasn’t your fault. Honestly, if the fault lies with anyone, then it’s Balthazar.”
Strangers thinking he and Cas are involved is one thing. But
A bone-deep shiver runs through Dean. "There's
Sam sounded even more shocked than Mom, although he recovered quicker.
He takes another sip of the coffee. It’s already lukewarm.
“You are impossible to argue with."
Then, silence.
But this wasn’t how it was meant to go, so reluctantly Dean tugged at Cas until he raised his head.
not…"
Castiel scoffs. “So use headphones.”
Dean hasn't actually decided on a book yet (it's free choice, something Miss Milton clearly thought would make them happy), so he wanders around aimlessly for a while. He picks up a couple of books off the shelves that look half-way interesting, puts them back a few lines in when they fail to engage him.
He barely noticed when one of Cas’ hands left his hips, grabbing his cock again and jerking it in time with their movements. He could feel himself hurtling closer to the edge with no hope of slowing down, and when Cas’ hand twisted on his cock just right at the same time as he slammed his hips down, Dean was coming with a drawn-out moan that would make a porn star proud.
“It was twelve kisses.”
As if Castiel would be the only john looking his nose down at Dean while paying for his services. It’s also easy for him to say now. Dean doubts it will still hold up in a couple of weeks when Castiel still has to deal with a soulmate who has sex with other people for a living.
“Scratch that, when I do go, I want them to bury me there. Between Cas’ thighs,” Dean clarifies, as if he needs to. “Just… jot that down. Put it in my will. Cause of death and final resting place: those damn thick thighs.”
“Uh-huh,” Sam says into his coffee, looking like he wants to be anywhere else. Hey, Dean’s the one who had to see Cas all half-naked and flushed and glistening with sweat. The least he can do is share the misery.
When Dean left things were kind of up in the air, and he still isn't sure what exactly they are to each other. 'Friends' doesn't quite seem to encompass it. Mostly, he tries not to think about it too hard.
“In my defense, she said you were better at sex than I am.”
Castiel draws back, offended. “
Dean swallowed. “I didn’t- I didn’t mean to say that.”
), and Dean started scrolling down his feed.
Things hadn’t ended well with Lisa. It wasn’t even that Dean had become afraid of commitment or whatever bullshit he’d told his family to explain away the grizzly implosion of that relationship. Dean would probably feel less awful about himself if that were the case.
Maybe Cas would let him grovel tomorrow.
Stupid soulmate bond.
. I love you, of course I-”
"I just might."
“I understand. First love strikes quick.”
Cas chokes out a sob. Dean himself feels like his heart's been caught in a vice, like something is squeezing the life out of it. "Go towards the light?" he manages to joke anyway.
Dean would like to protest that. Much worse things could happen. They could both die, for instance. Dean could spontaneously combust out of embarrassment and take Cas with him. Or he could make Cas so uncomfortable with his feelings, he’d stop wanting to be around Dean altogether.
Cas shrugged. “I wanted you to squirm for a few hours. You did lie to me, after all.”
Heat was already pooling in Dean’s gut. “You’re my type,” he told Cas.
Well, this is familiar.
“You don’t disgust me.”
“Huh?”
Mom blinks. “But you’re…” She huffs. “I don’t understand.”
“That’s what I’m here for.”
“You sure about that?”
She smacked his chest with the back of her hand. “Don’t be rude, kid. I have all your embarrassing childhood pictures and I’m not afraid to use them.”
“You okay?” Cas said, and Dean knew he must make quite a picture, red and panting and eyes wide with uncertainty.
He shoves the card in his pocket.
Someone moves behind him and Dean swirls around, heart caught in his throat. For a moment, he thinks it's Jimmy, but then he realizes that Jimmy’s hair has never looked so unkempt.
Cas huffed again, and he was clearly starting to wake up, because his lips moved against Dean’s neck, kissing it softly. Dean twitched at the sensation, then something seized in his chest and
It comes out as barely more than a whisper but he knows that Cas heard it, because he goes completely still.
“Don’t apologize,” he finally says. “I’ve been waiting for you to do that for ten years.”
Cas got back into the kitchen, lube and condom in hand, and glanced in the direction Dean was looking. “Do you want to open them?”
“Alright, alright, I’m not here just to antagonize you.” Crowley rubs his chin, looking wary. “There’s been a complaint levelled against you. Apparently, you’ve been using University funds to purchase immoral and obscene material for your own personal gratification.”
"They're opening the old drive-in-theater again," Jimmy says.
“Lead the way.”
Unfortunately, the woman takes that as her cue to continue the conversation. “Did you adopt?”
Never mind. Dean hated all these people and was never having them over for dinner again.
“That’s true, I suppose,” Cas says. “But I’d like to think I’m not that kind of alpha.”
when Cas’ cock was filling him so perfectly, sending sparks up his spine with every thrust.
Castiel grinds his teeth. He has been called ‘fruity’ before but not since middle school. Arguing with Dean like this is so far below his dignity but he also can’t let him win.
Cas hums, taking a long sip. “It’s nice.”
“But…?”
“Hello, Daphne,” Cas answered. “And…?”
One early morning, Dean comes running into the shop to escape the torrential rain. He shakes himself off as he enters, running his fingers through his hair to keep it from sticking to his head.
She's sometimes waiting by his locker when Sam gets there, but that doesn't have to mean anything either. Her locker is almost right next to his.
Cas pulled away far too soon but he was smiling softly, so that had to be good. “I like you too, Dean, and I want to keep seeing you. Does it really have to be more complicated than that?”
He’s just about done loading the machine and putting the leftovers away when Mom joins him.
They step outside.
“It’s fine,” he says, taking his Margarita. “I suppose this is fruity enough for me.”
hot professor,” he protests, half-hearted at best.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Are you sure you have the right grave?" Dean asks.
“Are you coming?”
“Rebel.” Dean took a deep breath, stomach squirming with nerves. “I was wondering if you wanna come over for dinner on Saturday. I’m gonna ask Sam and Eileen, too, but I can reschedule if any of you-”
He raises one hand, bringing it to Dean’s temple. Dean draws in a sharp breath, hit with vertigo as his surroundings change in a flash. They’re back in that motel room in Alamosa, and Dean startles when he sees another Cas standing by one of the beds. He looks over at the Cas next to him, but he’s surveying the scene with a stormy expression.
Dean doesn’t.
“...Cas isn’t
Castiel stares at him, uncertain of how to respond.
He doesn’t give him time to adjust either, just starts fucking him hard and steady. Dean pushes against him so Castiel tightens his grip, holding him in place as he pistons inside him, relishing in the way it makes Dean curse hoarsely. He leans over and traces his mouth against the back of Dean’s neck, that place where the damp root of his hair fades into sensitive skin. Dean arches against him, straining against Castiel’s hold and moans when Castiel bites down, hard enough to leave a mark but not to break skin.
It didn’t make him panic like he might have expected. Probably it was still sinking in, and he’d start hyperventilating in the car on the way home or something. Right now, he just couldn’t wrap his head around it.
They didn’t pull apart for more than the couple of minutes it took Dean to check on the stew until the doorbell rang. Dean nearly jumped at the sound, heart immediately in his throat.
“Oh.” Dean cleared his throat, guilt squirming in his guts. “Well, fuck the rest of ‘em. They sound like dicks.”
Heart hammering, Dean peered into the bathroom. Daphne had her back turned to him, leaning her hip against the marble counter.
“I’m fine,” Dean bites out. “It’ll fade in a couple of days.”
“Are you?” Dean challenged, a thrill going through him as Cas’ eyes darkened at the tease. “I’m not sure I believe you without any proof.”
"Too long."
neither one of them brings up the kiss or the potential for it happening again. Dean’s almost convinced it didn’t happen at all. Maybe him vividly hallucinating his best friend kissing him is more likely than Cas actually doing it.
Dean opened his mouth to respond and Cas picked that moment to grab him by both hips and slam inside him, setting a merciless pace immediately. Dean moaned at
“Did you bring your own
He’d just never thought of it as a thing that applied to him. Sure, he’d always had kind of a crush on Harrison Ford, but everyone had same-sex celebrity crushes. There was also Dr. Sexy, but Dean maintained that his sexiness defied gender or sexuality.
“Sucks to have to be the strict one, huh?” she asks.
Dean laid his head down on the pillow. When Cas leaned in this time, he kissed him back, gears already turning in his head. After all, a morning after meant another chance to beat Cas.
"What is that?" Sam asks.
Castiel is his
“Thanks,” he mutters.
Dean slept fitfully and woke up just before noon the next day. The first thing he did was check his phone.
“Just some creep.” Dean shrugs. “It’s nothing you gotta worry about, I took care of it.”
Castiel rubs the back of his neck. It’s an oddly human gesture. “I’m not very good with people.”
He’d distract himself with work but right now, that’s a source of tension as well. He’s hit a wall in his writing and the words won’t come, no matter how hard he tries. To make matters worse, his advisor has been emailing him every day for the past week, since the day Castiel was meant to send him his latest draft. Castiel barely even glances at the emails any more, just closes them and promises himself he’ll contact Crowley as soon as he’s got something worth showing him.
“I was just about to,” Daphne said. “Then I bumped into Dean. I didn’t know you two knew each other.”
is he gonna ask Novak for help.
Balthazar cleared his throat, launching back into the topic they’d been talking about before Dean’s arrival – something, something, modern art, and Dean wasn’t stupid but this was so far outside his interests he couldn’t be bothered to pay attention. Besides, Cas seemed happy just to have him by his side, fingers entwined with Dean’s still resting on his waist.
Balthazar winces. “Well, fuck me. I’m sorry, I wouldn’t have introduced you two if I had known.”
Cas gives him a weird look. "Of course. What did you think killed him?"
“I’ve never left this building.”
Dean smiles back, ignoring the odd warmth in his chest. Castiel has a nice smile, that’s all. It doesn't mean anything.
“I’ll see you out,” Cas offered, not looking in Dean’s direction as he put his hand on Daphne’s back and lead her to the door.
just disappears into the soft press of Cas’ lips against his. For one blissful moment, Dean’s mind is silent.
Dean took a long sip of his coffee to avoid answering right away. "You make it sound like I’ve been keeping some terrible secret from him,” he finally said. “I just didn’t go into every detail of how I ended up in the same bar as him the night we met.”
“Maybe it was presumptuous of me.” Cas looked suddenly nervous. “But you mentioned the other night that you had a special fondness for apple pie.”
And really, why not cap the night off with yet another terrible decision?
It’s time to move on.
Piece of cake.
“C’mon,” Dean says. “California’s waiting.”
“Yeah.” Dean’s heart his hammering. “I want you.”
“You too.”
would put him in the same position as Daphne. If he was gonna prove Cas wasn’t that good of a lay (he ignored the voice inside his head whispering that it seemed pretty unlikely at this point), this was the way to do it.
- since Michael.
Dean grins, easy. “Call it part of the slumber party experience.”
Dean closed his other hand around Cas’, giving him a reassuring squeeze. “Yeah?”
“I didn’t mean to.” It might hurt to hear Cas say that, except his hand is still on Dean’s back, warm and comforting. “I just... wanted to. I had a moment of weakness and my desire overran my mental faculties.”
“I see that now.” Cas’ free hand grasps one of Dean’s. It’s such a ridiculously gentle and romantic gesture, it knocks Dean completely off kilter. “But I didn’t know it then. All I knew was that you didn’t respond, and you didn’t talk about it after.”
Dean's voice grows progressively louder, until he's shouting, and now no one is averting their eyes. They're all staring shamelessly, but Dean can only see Jimmy, who has gone wide-eyed and pale-faced. He's never looked more like a corpse, Dean thinks with a morbid sort of satisfaction.
“It’s what I’m programmed to do,” Cas says.
“Okay, so, brushing past the whole ‘six-months-old’ thing,” Dean grimaces, “how have you still never left this building? Are you not allowed to?”
“Yeah, see you then.”
Dean somehow tastes even better than he smells and for once in his life Castiel has no interest in constraining his inner alpha. He turns them around, shoving Dean against the door and feeling a bolt of satisfaction and lust when Dean whimpers into his lips. He feels like
"Just trust me."
“…Daphne said I was skeezy,” Dean muttered, well aware that it wasn’t a very good argument.
"Jimmy, Cas says again. Dean looks over at him, and there are silent tears streaming down his cheeks.
The conversation moves on, the mood noticeably cheerier. As Jack and Sam launch into a story of their most recent hunt, Dean leans against Cas.
The bar they meet in is in the opposite direction of the one Dean went to the other night, probably just as well. It’s called Purgatory (“Like the one in Miami?”) and it’s got that rustic decor that all the hipsters were creaming themselves over five years ago.
“For work,” Cas clarifies. “Or school, most of our late-night customers are students.”
He can’t even look at Cas without seeing Jimmy Novak.
He says it with a smile. Not that service-industry, my-bosses-tell-me-I-have-to kind of smile but small and genuine. It makes something in Dean’s chest constrict.
“Yeah, sure.”
“Nothing,” Cas admits. “It doesn’t happen often but my supervisors do have other androids on hold in case someone abandons their post.”
As Castiel prepares the coffee, Dean watches quietly. The way he looks, the way he moves seems completely human. Dean at least couldn’t tell the difference. It’s impressive and more than a little disconcerting.
Dean reached between them, running his hand up Cas’ leg, digging his nails in ever so slightly as he dragged them up his inner thigh. Cas groaned, letting his legs fall open on what seemed like instinct, giving Dean perfect access to his cock.
“You’re probably right,” Cas agreed, and then he was crowding Dean against the table again, rubbing his open palm over Dean’s cheeks before giving them another hard spank. “Maybe later.”
Cas wrenches himself away, but doesn't let go of Dean's shirt. "You've got no idea how long I've wanted to do that for."
He gets up, walking over to a bookshelf covering one of his office walls. Dean stays rooted in his spot, watching as Cas reaches one of the top shelves, picking out a book with a colorful cover. This is it, his window of opportunity is closing and he’s thought of nothing else to say. As soon as Cas hands him that book, he’s got no reason to stay.
"I regret giving you this number," Dean sighs, though he really doesn't. Even when he's high off his ass and doing his best to make Dean uncomfortable, it's good to hear from Cas.
Dean wishes he could say that Castiel Novak slipped his mind as soon as he left his bar. That the busy nights, the somehow busier days, and the literal dozens of men who flirted with him as he took their order over the weekend were enough to push away all thoughts of this weird, dorky little guy.
Cas still hasn't let go of his arm. Dean's not sure he wants him to; Cas's hand on him, hot and heavy like a brand, is the only reason he's still sure he's not dreaming.
"What are you doing here?"
’ back. He’d make it up properly to her later but right now, there was something else he needed to do.
His expression is blank, his tone dull. Dean's not sure what to make of it; Cas has always been the weird brother but he's downright creepy right now.
night Cas asks Dean to teach him pool. They’re about three beers in, Dean pleasantly tipsy and Cas tilting over into full-on drunk. He’d probably be better at the game if he were sober but as is, Dean is wiping the floor with him.
Dean flinched. “Yeah, uh. Not exactly a coincidence. I kind of… looked you up online after Daphne mentioned you and stalked you at the Roadhouse.”
Dean crossed the room, sitting on the couch next to Cas. Still not touching him, even though he desperately wanted the reassurance of Cas’ hand in his.
Nothing good ever followed those words but Dean owed Cas more than ignoring him and occupying his bathroom all night. He climbed to his feet, stiff and cold from sitting on the tiled floor so long, and opened the doors to face his mistakes.
Castiel blushes. “I wouldn’t exactly say I’m a genius. I’m not sure I would’ve been able to stick with this project for so long if it wasn’t for Crowley.”
Sam steps inside. He sits down on the bed and feels painfully hollow. He’s surrounded by the home Dean was slowly building for himself and now will never get to enjoy.
Dean has had enough. He grabs Keith’s wrist and when Keith just tightens his grip on Dean, lifts his foot and brings his heel down hard on Keith’s toes.
“Your wedding?” Eileen asks pointedly.
They watch the monkeys a while longer, since Emma can’t seem to get enough of them. The drizzle is starting to turn into proper rain so Cas huddles close, underneath Dean’s umbrella
“And killing me? Putting me back? That’s something you can just do willy-nilly?”
Dean throws up his hands in defeat. “Then what the hell were you so bummed about?”
“That’s what Mom said.”
"Your pet project?" Dean guesses.
They’re loud and crude, and surprisingly tactile. Just five minutes after they meet, an omega named Meg puts her arm around Dean’s shoulder and offers him a joint. When Dean refuses, she leans over him to hand it to Balthazar, the omega on Dean’s other side.
Dean nudges him. “You okay, buddy?”
Dean clears his throat. As much as he needs the money right now, he’s not comfortable getting it by pushing Castiel into something he’s not ready for. “You sure you wanna go this way about it? It’s a pretty big leap from only wanting to have sex with your soulmate to paying to get it from a stranger.”
Daphne glanced between them, smile dimming. She finally seemed to be picking up on the increasing tension but of course she couldn’t know why. “I… really should be going.”
Even Cas’ apartment looked better than his, Dean reflected moodily as they stepped inside. He didn’t have much time to mope, however, because a second later Cas had grabbed him by the arm and was pulling him in for a kiss.
Wait,
Or maybe Dean’s just not his type. That’s a depressing thought but it’s possible.
“I apologize,” Castiel says, not looking particularly sorry. “This wasn’t my idea.”
Castiel’s expression softens. “I’m sorry.”
It’s not as if Cas is avoiding him or anything. He’s acting just the way he was before. Dean’s not sure if that’s better or worse than if Cas were to flat-out say it was all a mistake.
Dean doesn’t wanna dwell on Sam or his stupid birthday but his mind keeps circling back to it time and time again. It’s been too many birthdays since he saw his little brother last. Dean doesn’t even know if he ever stopped growing.
He looks up as Dean enters, and he’s clearly shocked to see him but schools his expression quickly enough into a blank stare.
Dean is expecting some tears on Emma’s first day of pre-school. If not from her, then from himself. Surprisingly, they both handle it well. Emma stumbles off without saying goodbye when she spots a slide on the playground and although Dean gets a little misty-eyed, he keeps it together.
“What the hell was that?” she mutters.
Judging by the expression on Cas’ face, he had not been expecting Dean to say no. Of course he hadn’t. Only a terrible person would say no to a question like that and Dean was not, as far as Cas knew, a terrible person.
He can’t smell an alpha. It’s just the omega’s scent, stronger than ever and near impossible to resist even with the sour notes of distress.
They fall asleep like that.
“Hey, I was just telling you how I feel.”
“What are we making?”
Dean let go off Cas’ hand, punching his shoulder. “You
Dean sighs, rubbing his eyes, suddenly aware of just how bone-deep exhausted he is. "No, that's not- I don't want anything from you. I don't know why I said that. This whole thing just blows. I barely know how to use my own fucking body anymore and I can’t stop thinking about what it feels like, having someone else wear it like a goddamn suit and using it to kill people.”
Dean waits as he finishes up. Once the order is ready and Cas has a moment to talk, he continues:
Castiel watches as Dean mixes his drink again. He does so expertly and to his annoyance, Castiel can’t help but notice how tightly his t-shirt clings to him and how nimble his fingers are. He tears his eyes away from him, to see Meg is looking at him with a strange expression on her face. Castiel flushes and diverts his gaze to the bar countertop, ashamed that he’s just been caught staring.
Cas’ expression freezes. He stares down at his desk for a long moment, then, just as Dean is wondering if he should start worrying, exhales softly.
thing. “Yeah. About that.”
That had to be it. Dean just needed more friends. He’d lost a lot of them when he and Lisa broke up, since most of them had been her friends more than his, so it was only natural that he’d want new ones.
“You would know about teasing,” Cas muttered, bending his head to speak directly into Dean’s ear, warm puffs of air hitting Dean’s skin as he continued. “Sucking on my fingers so hungrily, making me wish I could replace them with my cock and fuck your mouth until you milk me dry.”
about men.”
He sounds so pained. Probably not as big a fan of Dean’s smell as Dean is of his. Dean quietly puts the tray of food and the water bottles on the floor and leaves, shame burning in the back of his throat.
“Anything.”
Then a familiar voice interrupted them. “Dean? Castiel?”
Being interested in a widower is a new experience but still in keeping with the trend of Castiel wanting what he can’t have. A trend he was sure he’d grown out of until he met Dean.
“I bought groceries,” Dean said, which wasn’t technically a lie, if one counted beer and a bag of donuts as groceries.
It’s just hormones, he reminds himself as he opens the door. He takes a step inside and is immediately inundated with alpha pheromones, so strong that his dick is immediately at half-mast and slick starts gushing out.
He first saw Dean in the hallway between their apartments. There were boxes stacked by the doors, being carried inside by a few young men, all alphas judging by the aggressive scent. Dean himself was standing by his door, instructing a tall, brunet man on where the box in his hands should go.
He swallowed instinctively around Cas’ dick, causing Cas to thrust into his mouth. It went deeper than Dean expected and he just barely held back from choking. Weirdly enough, his cock went from zero to half-hard at that. Flushing, Dean grasped Cas’ hips and with a push of his hands, encouraged him to move a little. Cas took the hint and started to thrust in small, manageable movements that pushed his dick against Dean’s tongue but not down his throat.
Cas’ lips quirked and any other time Dean might tell him off for getting smug about that. “I take it she meant me?”
“It’s you who don’t want me to touch you. I’ve just been giving you the space you asked me for.”
Castiel doesn’t go out much but occasionally his best friend Meg will drag him to some neighborhood bar and he will let her. It isn’t Castiel’s scene but he can play the extrovert on occasion, especially if it will get Meg off his back for a week or two.
Dean blinks, confusion cutting through his anger. “What - why would I hate you?”
Vaguely, but there’s one part of it Dean definitely recalls. “Are you gonna show me something you wrote?”
“We’re not on speaking terms,” Cas said simply, like he was talking about the weather and not half of his family abandoning him because they were raging homophobes. “They cut me out once they found out I was gay.”
He backs away, shaking Castiel’s hands off when he tries to reach for him. “Get out.”
Cas’ eyes narrowed, and then he was grabbing Dean’s thighs, pushing him up onto the table. Dean flailed momentarily, grabbing Cas’ shoulders to keep his balance and not fall flat on his back, on top of all the dirty dishes and cutlery still littering the table.
“Would you like breakfast?” Cas asked as he pulled back, still near enough so that Dean could feel his breath on his cheek.
He honestly didn’t know why he hadn’t thrown it out already, only that something kept him from doing so. Maybe it was because, the whole gay sex thing aside, Cas seemed like a cool guy to hang out with. Dean didn’t have the easiest time getting along with people when he wasn’t putting on the charm but with Cas, it had been effortless.
Should he…? It’s a complete coincidence he’s here, after all. Castiel can’t be faulted if he needs to step inside for a glass of water or to use the bathroom, can he?
“Is no one going to mention that Dean and Castiel are wearing wedding rings?”
Also, warning for unsafe oral sex. Tbh that was just me forgetting about the condom until I had finished writing this and being too lazy to go back and rewrite it haha
The third day, they head back into town. They arrive at the town hall just after it opens and it’s not until they’re standing in front of the clerk that Dean realizes they don’t have any witnesses. The clerk assures him that they don’t need one for civil ceremonies and the next ten minutes pass in a blur until Dean is being prompted to place the ring on Cas’ finger.
Cas cast his eyes downward, looking for a moment as awkward and stiff as when he’d first approached Dean. “I… didn’t have much support from the church when I came out as homosexual. I severed most of my contacts with it after that. The only person I still talk to was my fiancée at the time, Daphne. She was understanding, much more than could be expected of a person in that situation.”
Thankfully, Cas seems to get that. “I want to marry you, Dean. Do you want to marry me?”
In what felt like no time at all, Cas was pulling out his fingers and grasping Dean’s hips with both hands, rubbing the head of his dick over Dean’s hole. Dean pushed his hips back, which earned him a quick slap on the ass. He bit back a moan, dick twitching and leaking precum on the mattress. If Cas’ fingers hadn’t already gotten him hard, that slap might have done it.
It doesn’t last long, not after Donna cheerfully raises her glass and proposes a toast to the happy couple and everyone else follows suit. They chant for them to kiss and, blushing outrageously, Dean complies, leaning over to press a quick kiss against Cas’ lips.
Dean opens his mouth. He’s got an excuse, he’s got
“Is today better?” Castiel finally asks.
“Sam,” Dean says.
Maybe it was a good thing Cas had refused the blowjob, because Dean’s jaw ached slightly just looking at it.
“Then why won’t you look at me?”
Castiel doesn’t give him the coffee. He tilts his head, observing Dean. “Are you alright?”
“You didn’t seem to mind that.”
Dean meets his new husband outside the chapel, just minutes before they’re to be wed.
“I am,” Cas answers before things can involve into a Winchester kick-fest. “The Empty swallowed my grace whole. There is no getting it back from that.”
Dean crosses his arms. “Not your problem, is it?”
Castiel nods. Even so, they don’t get up for a long while, not until Castiel’s knot has gone down and they can finally muster up the energy to move. Dean takes a short detour to his kitchen, picking up a bottle of water and a couple of energy bars, and then they’re heading for the bedroom.
Dean startled. His throat stung, eyes growing hot, but he ignored it – it was the least he deserved right now. He got up, also ignoring the slight hurt when Cas didn’t get up as well to follow him to the door.
