But he could handle pain, could handle a lot of pain, and the only thing that Tony had ever done that had
Fuck, why was Steve here? Tony had been doing quite well not thinking about him, could go weeks without remembering how he’d looked when he’d been glaring at Tony for one reason or another, or beating his demons into submission in the gym. What gave him the right to walk back into his life now?
It’d be a lie, though. Steve wouldn’t say he’s particularly noisy when he comes, but even with his hand stuffed halfway in his mouth, there’s no mistaking just how much he enjoys what Dr. Stark is doing to him, his moans guttural and all too loud as humiliation and pleasure roar through him.
you to safeword if you need to. I won’t be angry or disappointed. We’ll just change things around before finishing your punishment, alright?”
Steve squeezed his cock so tightly that each slide of his hand hurt, and he bowed off the bed as he came, teeth gritted, his whole body shaking again and again.
“That’s okay,” Tony said, still looking hopefully at him.  “I don’t think they believed me when I said I eloped and got married by Elvis anyway.  What if we just say we’re engaged?”
“Thank you,” Steve whispered hurriedly and nearly sighed in relief as Tony touched him again, bringing his thumb into play and pinching the head gently, more fluid bubbling up between the two digits. It made things low in his stomach clench to see them on him, to know that Tony could have him this on edge so quickly from so little.
They’d barely stepped into the penthouse when Tony turned towards him, ready at last to reveal whatever he’d been gearing up for.
He squeezed his hand one more time as a reminder before lifting it off Steve and grabbing the shower head.
, it was fast and brutal, and Steve had just a second to think about Dr. Strange’s warning that Tony could rely more on instinct than thought, but then it was impossible to focus on anything other than the cock pounding into him.
And Steve knows that’s a ridiculous thought—it’s not like he’s ever gotten his mouth on any part of Tony’s anatomy, no matter how much he might’ve wished otherwise—but it’s true nonetheless, and he just wants more and more, until he’s had enough to make up for having none up until this point.
“Damn you and your tree trunk thighs,” Tony muttered a few seconds later when it didn’t work, said thighs almost framing his face, and seriously, how had he forgotten how homoerotic wrestling was?
“Good, then your punishment is going to be you acting as my puppy for the next three days.” Tony squeezed his hands, and Steve felt pitifully grateful for it. “Let me explain what that means exactly.”
Steve and Tony like to play Destiny (the video game). Destiny 1, not 2, because I don't like 2 half as much as I liked 1.
“Sit,” Tony said, frowning down at him until he seemed certain Steve would remain where he was. “Alright, if you’re sure. There’s no reason to have the two of us knocking into each other, though. I’ll take care of it.”
Five more minutes. He wasn’t a sometimes-masochist for nothing. He could suffer for five more minutes.
He had to rest his hands on Steve’s back as the room suddenly tilted and take several long breaths. It wasn’t a full-blown panic attack, but he could feel how it could become one. Tony normally avoided thinking about his feelings at all cost, clamping down on those thoughts whenever they threatened to rear up, but the day had whittled down his defenses without him noticing.
And Steve couldn’t control the hitch in his chest as he said, “You were-you were getting ready to-to leave me.”
But all he did was smile gently and say, “Thank you,” and it was far from everything he wanted to say or do to show his gratitude for Steve’s submission, but it was all they had the time for, his hands skimming over Steve’s arms, his neck, cupping his jaw as Steve got into place.
He listened as Tony take a deep breath, then another. “Clean this place up,” Tony said levelly. “You can come upstairs when you’re done.”
Not intentionally exactly. Maybe he wouldn’t have gone if things had been different, but he couldn’t say that for sure. He’d been so messed up back then—and he was far from perfect now, he knew, but it felt much more manageable now.
.  I was put to shame.  And yet you still weren’t getting drunk, which was making you depressed and causing you to drink
“There’s something I’ve wanted to try with you for a while now,” Tony said, and Steve wished desperately to pay attention, to not think beyond what Tony was saying, but it was so hard.
Still.  He glanced at his watch, estimating he had anywhere between twenty to thirty minutes before a very not-happy Fury himself came to kick him out.  Tony would have to do something big to make amends in order to keep from being tasered and left in a puddle of drool on the sidewalk outside.  He’d have to beef up SHIELD's firewalls for them, reveal how exactly he’d rigged all the cameras, maybe throw in a couple of million dollars’ worth of tech, who knew what, but it’d be so worth it.
“So I hear you decided to settle down in New York, Steve,” Clint said after wiping his face. “Couldn’t stay away from the Big Apple, huh?”
“It’s alright,” Dr. Stark says, because of course it’s Dr. Stark. Of course it’s the doctor who recently joined the practice and who Steve had seen in passing and who he might’ve looked up on the website, because he’s never been so viscerally attracted to someone before in his entire life. “I heard about the accident on the freeway and assumed you’d probably gotten stuck in it. I’m Tony Stark by the way. I’ll be standing in for Dr. Edwards.” He walks forward, extending his hand.
“I just wish Dr. Strange had told us you coming back was a possibility,” Peter said from his place right next to Tony, and Steve agreed. “I get that he didn’t want to get anyone’s hopes up and that there were more timelines where you didn’t make it than where you did, but he could’ve at least hinted that there was a
bedroom had the same, and if it turned out that this stretch of horizon didn’t work for him, he just had to choose one that did.
To make things one hundred percent worse, while there are still moments of excruciating sensitivity, it’s starting to feel good again, and Steve knows it’s because he’s so turned on. He realizes Dr. Stark isn’t overstimulating him on purpose—or at least, he’s only doing it because it’s medically necessary—but being at the mercy of his doctor as he makes Steve come over and over again is one of his go-to fantasies, and reality is both better and worse than anything he’s imagined.
Not all omegas can, though. Some omegas can’t handle their heats without someone there with them. Others can’t stand to be touched at all. He’s heard of omegas that run fevers that can barely be brought down or conversely, can’t seem to get warm and shake from the cold the whole time. There’s a myriad of things that can and do go wrong, and Steve knows he’s lucky.
“Well?” he asked, when Steve continued to be silent, running his tongue over the back of Steve’s balls. He didn’t think he’d heard Steve make that sound before.
“Well, it definitely looks like you need help taking care of something, soldier, and I am more than happy to volunteer my services,” he said, pushing into the room, because it looked like Captain America was trying to hide a missile in his shorts and not doing a very good of it at that.
“No, really,” she insisted when he didn’t say anything. “You didn’t notice, but this morning at breakfast, he looked at you when Happy started fawning all over him and another time just as we were leaving.”
“It’s going to be okay,” he said, even as the body in his arms starting to convulse.  “I’ve got you.”
“Yeah, really, just ...” Steve waves his hand, as if that explains anything, and keeps his gaze firmly on Tony’s face and away from his bare arms. And his unfairly firm jawline, which is looking really appealing right now. And his warm brown eyes, which Steve suspects turn nearly black with lust, just to be safe. He needs to calm down. It feels like his boxers are damp but not soaking, and as long as he keeps his thoughts out of the gutter, he can still salvage this.
He hadn’t expected Tony to want him on his knees, but he was glad that Tony had put him there for their first kiss. It’d made it feel more significant, made him think that Tony had thought it was just as important as he did, that Tony honestly
“So uh, hey, I’m not sure if you’d be interested, but I could actually lend you a pair of scrubs, if you felt like changing into dry clothes. We’ve got a few sets lying around for emergencies, and you could just bring them back whenever you got the chance … .”
Or thighs like that. Or a shoulder to waist ratio like that either. Tony would liken him to a piece of art, but while some of the Greek classics came close, he’s really never seen the guy’s body proportions except in porn, so.
“No,” Steve said, absolute, and they both went quiet. “You’re right, Clint, I don’t think Tony would knowingly hurt someone, even now, but he’s not comfortable in his body, and there’s too much risk of him accidentally injuring someone.”
Tony was gorgeous as he came, back arching as he rolled his hips, fucking into Steve’s grip and searching for that last bit of pressure against his prostate, his hands clutching him for support. Steve wanted to look at him forever.
I can’t believe I just wrote that, but since crossing it out will make the words even more obvious and since I don’t have an eraser of any kind, I guess I’ll leave it there.
“Hey, sorry about this, but I’m in the process of moving across the hall, and I have no idea where they packed my flashlight,” the guy said as soon as Steve opened the door.  “Do you mind if I borrow a candle or something?”
did all the work,” Natasha said, raising an eyebrow. “And by work, you mean standing around and looking pretty to keep the target occupied.”
He didn’t stop, and he didn’t stop, his breath coming in small, wet hitches that made Tony want to flinch with each one, and rationally, Tony knew that Steve would calm down on his own, probably even needed the outlet after everything that had happened.
“I … realized … that I’d forgotten. Not that it was your first time being punished by a Dom. But how it felt the first time you were punished by a Dom. Yesterday was a lot harder for you than you let on, wasn’t it?” Tony asked, and Steve could feel the prick of tears at how gentle his voice was.
And how had Tony noticed Dr. Reynolds in the first place? Out of all of them, he was the one who needed an exam the most. He couldn’t possibly be finished already, could he?
somehow without his clothes, and Steve found himself licking his lips absently, his eyes going to Tony’s cock, as if he hadn’t just had in his mouth not that long ago.
“Funny you should ask me that question,” Tony said, and this was the very reason he’d opted for a voice-only call. It wasn’t that he felt more comfortable telling her when he didn’t have to see her reaction; just slightly less
But that was for later, because he could almost hear the tick of the clock in his head, so he slowly drew his hand down, lightly pulling at Steve’s lip as he leaned forward, and he returned the favor, licking once against plump skin before tilting his head to join their mouths together.
What was even the purpose of the drape, Steve wondered, as it tore for the third time, the crumpled paper ratcheted back to reveal rents of naked skin. He forced himself to let go of the drape so the damage wouldn’t get even worse, and he stared straight ahead, not twitching when the doctor pressed on any of the bruises that littered his body, even if the feel of his fingers made him want to cringe. He didn’t like being touched, but he could damn well put up with it.
8/9/14 - I sincerely apologize to everyone who's waiting for me to update Nostalgia. I haven't forgotten it! Nor do I plan to abandon it. I just suffered a bout of insanity and signed up for Avengers RBB and the Cap_Ironman BB, so I'm writing a bunch, just not this. >_> But! As soon as I'm done with those, I will update this first thing! So please be patient with me, and I'll be back as soon as I can.
“A little busy right now, Steve,” Tony said as he walked briskly past the counter where Steve was sitting, eating lunch.  He was careful to steer a wide berth around Steve’s seat so there was no danger of hearing anything he didn’t want to hear, although he did catch a glimpse of Steve’s half-eaten sandwich, making Tony’s stomach growl.  He hadn’t eaten breakfast yet, let alone lunch.  Or dinner from yesterday, come to think of it.  Or lunch from yesterday for that matter.  No wonder he was starving.
Steve didn’t know how he felt about that or about all the time and energy Stark had already devoted to him, everything he’d learned and experienced the previous night seeming almost unreal in the cold light of day.
It was that thought that gave him the fortitude to pull back, his breath hissing out between his teeth as Steve tried to follow, sucking hard on the tip of his cock as if to pull him back inside.
Steve’s getting ready to go on a run, and Tony steps away to get a new bottle of cleaning solution right as Steve’s walking by, and the afternoon sun shines on the ring just right for him to see there’s something engraved on the metal.
He hissed as he finally managed to recline all the way back, his muscles untensing in fits and spurts once they grasped he wasn’t going to move anymore.
“You mean like throwing him into a completely new situation that he didn’t want in the first place and then abandoning him the first chance you get?”
When Tony had thought about kissing Steve, and he had, many times, it’d been with a certain detachment, because his focus had always been on Steve, the noises he’d make, the reactions Tony would elicit, his fingers and lips moving over Steve with the mastery of a virtuoso with a violin and bow.
He panted against the ottoman, fucking himself hard and fast, no more teasing, everything loud and slick and aching. He’d thought he was safe from arousal, but he’d been wrong, his body thrumming and already shamefully desperate, the vibrations making everything more intense, and no matter how he tried to punish himself with the vibrator, it still felt good. There was just something about knowing Tony was watching—because he had to be, Steve still hadn’t heard any kind of noise behind him that indicated Tony was doing anything else—and even as Steve tried to block out the sensations, he couldn’t block out the awareness of Tony being pleased with him for something.
“I think we should get married,” Tony announced as he let himself into Steve’s apartment, plopping next to him on the couch.
Tony had seemed to appreciate that Steve had asked for a kiss, however, and maybe . . . maybe that was what Tony was waiting for? To see Steve take the initiative—to
He’d been prepared to throw himself into the three-ring circus, but so far, it hadn’t happened. He and Tony had never actually discussed it before, but Tony didn’t push for them to go out, even though he was much more social than Steve was. When they did venture outside together, it was to remote areas where there was little chance of them being seen, let alone recognized. Tony went out of his way to make sure they had the time and space to just be together, out of the limelight, and it was another kindness on top of a mountain of them already.
Steve nodded jerkily, the ears swinging, and he steeled himself as best as he could. Tony had moved next to Steve’s shoulder in order to put the ears on, so he had yet to see what Steve looked like. While Steve would’ve preferred to keep it that way indefinitely, he wasn’t going to be able to hide his face from Tony forever, so when Tony finished his adjustment and shifted back to the space in front of him, Steve didn’t lower his head but met Tony’s eyes squarely.
Steve cried out, trying to thrust down onto Tony’s fingers, but Tony refused to give him even that much relief, pulling them away and then rolling Steve’s knees up until they pressed against his shoulders.
“Hello?” he calls out, barely a foot inside in case he is actually too late and they’re in the middle of shutting everything down.
“Thank you,” he whispered hoarsely, accepting the chocolate and blinking back the burning in his eyes, and then before he could convince himself he shouldn’t, he broke off a chunk for himself and held the rest out to Tony. “You should have some too,” he said when Tony didn’t immediately reach for it.
Tony whined, his tongue wriggling against Steve’s abdomen as he tried to get further inside, and Steve did laugh then, a shocked gasp that was probably more from giddiness than sensation.
would actually call it a problem), was that when Tony had designed it, he hadn’t exactly had comfort in mind.
The slide of the elevator doors opening caught him by surprise, and he straightened hastily. He’d already asked JARVIS to not tell Tony he was back, but it wouldn’t be a very welcome surprise if Tony’s first sight of him was of him being melancholy. He took a quick breath and cleared his expression, stepping inside the penthouse.
, portable shield that was able to keep him safe from ninety-nine percent of hand-held weapons and emitted a strong electrical shock to anyone that tried to touch him when it was activated.
,” she said, clasping both her hands around his. “And who better to be his first than someone who already loves him?”
Steve didn’t know how that fact could’ve slipped his mind since he would’ve sworn he’d been tired but not
It took a second for him to understand what was happening, but when he did, Steve pressed back into the chair as he shook his head, again and again.
“The situation isn’t ideal, sure, but you can’t tell me you think Tony would hurt anyone, even as a wolf. And there are honestly people who would
Tony—so damn much. And if this got him closer to having him back, it’d be worth it. If Tony forgave him, even a little, it’d be worth anything.
“Philanthropic, yes, but no one’s ever accused me of being compassionate, Fury.  I give hundreds of millions of dollars every year to charities, including ones to support veterans coming back from war, and furthermore, guilt trips have never been known to work with me.  Give me a reason I can get behind, because all I’m thinking about right now is how it’s a drain on my resources and time during one of the busiest months of the year for Stark Industries, how he and I haven’t even met and might not be compatible, how it sounds like a glorified baby-sitting job, and really?  I think there are a lot of people out there who’d be better suited to this than me.”
Steve searches Dr. Stark’s face, but he doesn’t look like a man who’s trying to avoid breathing, nor does it appear that he’s smeared anything on his upper lip to mask Steve’s smell. Apparently, he really had gone out in order to be helpful, and Steve’s doubts scatter in a rush of flustered pleasure. Dr. Stark had brought him blankets. He’s not in heat, so it’s not a nesting present or anything, but still. The consideration means a lot to Steve, and he blushes the whole time he’s thanking Dr. Stark and settling down.
“Steve,” Tony purred as soon as saw him, and Steve didn’t know what he’d been expecting, but the heat in Tony’s voice and the slow drag of his gaze as it traveled down Steve’s body were better than anything he would’ve anticipated.
Even DUM-E hadn’t moved the entire time Steve had been cleaning, not even when he’d touched it hesitantly, the only sign of life a blinking light to show that at least there was still power flowing through it. Tony hadn’t said anything about it, but Steve knew he had a soft spot for DUM-E, knew that it was more than a robotic arm that Tony directed when needed, and Steve couldn’t figure out why Tony had left DUM-E the way he had. For a second, Steve had panicked that JARVIS had also been shut down or taken away, but then he remembered speaking to him on more than one occasion since he’d gotten back, and that worry, at least, had been quieted. But everything else …
“But because I wanted you to have the freedom to choose. Whether that was me, or being by yourself, or finding someone else, I wanted you to be able to decide for yourself.”
Were those kind of exams normal now? Did every Sub visit his or her doctor after signing a contract? Steve didn’t know if it was a good or bad idea, because he’d seen Subs who looked terrible after getting a Dom, and he could see why it might be necessary in some cases. But in his?
Steve kept waiting for the alarm to sound, but apparently, neither they nor the guards they’d taken down had been missed yet.  Stark was able to keep them away from the main tunnels, and Steve took care of the few guards they did encounter, allowing him to arm himself in the process.
He hadn’t realized how much energy Stark brought to the room until it was gone, and he didn’t know what to do with its absence.
He thought about the last time he had cause to be examined, and he grimaced, turning away from the memory, more for what had happened at the end than the beginning. It had been a turning point for him, when he’d first started thinking he might be able to trust Tony.
do … he hadn’t known. Oh, he’d imagined plenty, and truth be told, he’d hoped for a lot, but Tony was more creative than he’d ever been. And Tony was
“Can we go upstairs, please?” he asked, his voice coming out rough and barely recognizable. He wasn’t sure how Tony would react to him suddenly acting like he fucking cared for once in their relationship, so he made the request selfish. “I’d like to sit down, if that’s alright.”
, Tony. I know I don’t deserve it, but if you can’t believe anything else I’ve said, then please at least believe that I never meant to hurt you like that.”
He inhales deeply, and fuck. It should be against the Geneva Convention to be this hard, it hurts so much.
, and when the universe had decided it wasn’t done playing with him, it had then demanded he live with the aftermath.
“To—” And then Tony’s cock finally found its mark, and Steve cried out as Tony immediately started thrusting wildly.
He froze mid-bite when he realized he was actually thinking about their previous tense quasi-relationship with a sense of nostalgia, and seriously, what was his life?
“What just happened?” Steve asks as he stares at the black kitten sitting in the spot where Tony used to be, the armor lying in pieces around it.  SHIELD agents are running around, shouting about where Loki just disappeared to, but he has more important things to worry about.
Captain America had said the “sir” that had done it, grudging and unimpressed, and damn it, Tony had always had a thing for the mean ones.  Pepper claimed it was because he had a masochistic streak a mile wide, but whatever.  He was proud of his kinks.  They made him the man he was.
Anyone who was anyone (or at the very least was a person who could hack into SHIELD’s servers through a backdoor he’d created the last time he’d been in headquarters, but whatever) knew about Captain America.   How he’d been discovered in the arctic and revived, how SHIELD had been keeping him hidden from the world while he got acclimated to the future, how they’d been sending him out on simple solo missions to see how he’d do.
"You're used to following orders, right?" Tony asks, tongue peeking out between his lips to catch a stray drop of water, and that isn't distracting at all.
“For what?” he asks and wonders if he could play the “recuperating from a near-fatal bullet wound card” and pretend to fall asleep.  “You were just doing your—”
Gradually, however, as he’d paced his room and first one hour had gone by and then another with no sight of Stark, he’d come to a few conclusions. Yes, nothing was as it should be, and yes, he’d been given to someone he didn’t even know, but three months—which had seemed like an eternity when it’d been dark and he’d been trying to adjust to everything that had happened—was really no time at all. He hated the idea of it, but he could put up with anything for six months even, and Stark hadn’t wanted him anymore than Steve had wanted Stark. Maybe he could use that to his own advantage.
Tony had made a promise. Steve’s first Dom. He’d done a shit job of it for the past few days, too mired in his own feelings to act rationally and respond the way he should’ve. Tony owed him more than that, and he swore to himself that he’d figure out a way to provide it. It’d destroy something in him if he turned out to be something Steve regretted.
He honestly doesn’t know if it’d be better or worse to have Dr. Stark move his robe to the side—both, it’d be both—so Steve does it himself, tugging the robe so his chest is bare, his nipples tight and tingling.
“I’d hope so. From all the stories I’ve heard, he’s supposed to know how to keep a smile on a Sub’s face. What?” Clint asked, when Natasha smacked his arm. “I’m just saying he’s the type of guy to spoil his Subs with presents. What did
It’s almost too easy to understand. Ever since meeting Steve, it feels as if he has to touch him, like the world is darker somehow when they aren’t connected.
“What, really?” Tony asked, and Steve didn’t understand how he could look so surprised. “Even when you were a teenager? You never locked yourself in your room and kept at it until you just couldn’t anymore?”
"Go try these on," Tony says imperiously, dropping four garment bags next to Steve on the couch, and Steve doesn't need to see Natasha's eyebrows to go up like that when he unzips one of them to realize that the suit inside is worth a lot of money.  Like, a lot of money.
No, no, that was impossible. They had all seen him die, had buried him in Arlington, and had mourned him for the past ten years. There was no way that-that
"It's . . . it's indecent, Tony," Steve says, and his face is so red that part of Tony worries he's going to give himself a headache.  The larger part, however, is thinking,
He manages to mouth a “yes” by some miracle and then lets his head drop onto the table, wishing he were anywhere but there, wishing he never had to leave and that Dr. Stark would touch him and never stop.
“I would imagine so since he misinformed you about the state of your contract in the first place, which lead to your refusal.”
He’s dimly aware of Tony leaving and coming back, but it seems distant and unimportant, even when Tony starts wiping him with a warm washcloth. The world only comes back into focus when Tony’s hands stroke his thighs, and then Steve shudders, his knees coming up automatically and spreading wide, slick dripping down his ass.
Steve shifted on the examination table, the plastic crinkling loudly underneath him, and he glanced at Stark before he could stop himself.
“Okay, you’ve been very patient, so why don’t we sit down, and I’ll tell you what you can expect over the next three days.”
But is it too much to ask that Tony get a little flushed? Or that his eyes wander every so quickly over Steve’s body? Or that he look like he can’t wait get his hands on Steve as soon as possible?
“I’ll get Dr. Martin,” he said, checking his watch. They still had sixteen minutes until Brock started blowing things up.
So what did that mean? Steve didn’t plan on turning his back on SHIELD or on Nick, still believed there was a cause worth fighting for. Nick needed him now as the voice of reason more than ever, needed to see that there were better ways to keep the world safe than Project Insight.
Tony made a small disbelieving noise, and Steve paused in case he wanted to say something, cheeks heating up, because he knew that he had a tendency to get passionate about things, to say what he felt when he felt it without always thinking past that knee-jerk reaction. But Tony didn’t comment, and eventually, Steve continued.
turned on (he might be a little more excited than entirely appropriate right now—those damn thighs—but it’s nowhere near his previous levels), and it’s nice. More than nice.
He didn’t, but he did try, and he found a few people he spent some time with, but he never got serious about any of them. He’d had the love of his life, maybe even more than once, and who else got to say that? He was in a good place with people he loved who loved him back, and he was lucky, he realized as he blinked at the display of colored pencils in front of him. He was putting together an art kit for Morgan’s birthday, and the fact that he could, that this was normal for him, made him pause.
Tony hadn’t thought much about either instance at the time. Seeing them from a third-party perspective, however, made him wonder if Pepper was right. And if so, what that meant for them.
Most of him, however, felt horrified and guilty for even thinking that, and it was just one more sign of how wrong he was for Steve, how selfish. How he couldn’t be the Dom Steve deserved.
“It’s really him?” he dimly heard Peter ask, his voice cracking like he was a teenager again, and the hope in his words was heartbreaking. “It’s really you?” he asked the—
The noise Tony made was even ruder this time around. “I think someone had a little too much champagne in her mimosa.”
Many, many, many thanks to the awesome, wonderful MetaAllu for beta'ing this chapter! *blows kisses* It's the only chapter that's beta'd right now. >_>
It’s with something like despair that he gets a mental image of Dr. Stark’s whole hand sliding into him, and a second later, Steve swears he can feel the gush of slick even around Dr. Stark’s fingers. He hadn’t thought the wet, thick sounds of Dr. Stark rubbing and reaching inside of him could become even more obscene, but he’d been wrong.
It burned going in, but nowhere near as much as he would’ve thought considering the circumstances and how tense he was, and even though there was pain, it didn’t exactly … hurt.
“Or you can come inside instead,” he blurts out, knowing he shouldn’t, knowing he should show an ounce of self-control and let Tony leave so they can have a second first date and get to know each other better like they’d intended, but he can’t. He’s always been weak when it comes to Tony, and with every second he spends with him, his condition just gets worse.
“However, we realize that would put you in the position of having to find a second Dom in an extremely short period of time. Since you didn’t want a Dom in the first place, I argued, and the President agreed, that due to the circumstances, as long as you meet with a SHIELD-approved therapist once every two weeks, you don’t have to take another Dom.”
“Everything alright?” Tony asked, enough concern in his voice that Steve suspected he needed to work on his acting skills. He’d never been good about hiding that he was upset.
“Ha!  Bruce owes me five bucks!” Tony said triumphantly.  Unfortunately, Bruce was in his lab, working with a team of SHIELD scientists to see how to fix them, but Tony would collect later.  Bruce had been out of town, so he was the only one of them that hadn’t woken up in the wrong body that morning.  SHIELD had subsequently flown him back in, but considering he’d spent years learning how to keep the Hulk under some semblance of control—knowledge that anyone suddenly dropping into his body would lack—Tony couldn’t be sorry about the time wasted in-transit.
Maybe he should … give Tony a tour?  Before he drags him to the bedroom? That’s probably only polite.
A shower was hardly the place for having penetrative sex for the first time together, however, so Tony ignored his growing erection and focused on the delightful way Steve squirmed under his hand instead as he teased. He never exerted enough pressure to actually push in, although he hinted at it more than once, Steve arching unconsciously into Tony’s fingers, his hole flexing as if it were trying to suck him in. It was tempting, though, so very, very tempting, so Tony switched to his thumb and concentrated on sliding his fingers along Steve’s perineum instead, occasionally brushing against his balls as he rubbed against Steve’s prostate from the outside, something Steve rather enjoyed if the way his breathing turned ragged was any indication.
“I don’t think he did it on purpose,” she conceded, “but it’s a start, right? Maybe he doesn’t trust you yet, but you’re becoming familiar enough that he’s beginning to rely on you.”
Fandral referred to Loki as his “Blue Boy,” which, considering how long they’ve been at war with Jotunheim, was far kinder than Thor had any reason to expect.
what it was like before, and there’s a part of him that just can’t believe that someone like Tony—handsome, funny,
Would he be able to be still and just accept it, or would he thrash around, gripping the bed so he didn’t accidentally push Tony away? Or maybe Tony wouldn’t want to take his air away so much as restrict it, putting just enough pressure that he had to struggle for it. How long would he keep Steve on the edge, desperate to beg for release but unable to find the breath for it?
so much, who’d welcome Dr. Stark with open arms and even more open legs, who’d let Dr. Stark knot him over and over again, until he was too fucked out to even—
“It’s okay,” Tony whispered, over and over again, as if saying it would make it true, as if the proof of how wrong he was wasn’t coming apart in his arms. “Shh, shh, don’t cry. I’m—”
“Okay. Okay,” Tony says, muffled against Steve’s mouth, and he pulls his fingers out, making Steve jerk with the loss, even though he hadn’t wanted them anyway. He’s just so desperate to be filled with Tony that he can’t stand it.
Surely Tony wouldn’t have asked if he weren’t at least somewhat interested. Not when he could order Steve to go to his room and take care of himself if it were just because of his body’s needs. The fact that Tony wanted to see—even if he didn’t participate—it had to mean that he still wanted Steve. Even after everything.
Although it’s not his tentacles which shove and bully their way inside of Steve, but his hectocotyli, one right after the other, and Tony doesn’t understand what Steve shouts then, the words in his own tongue rather than English, but he clings to Tony’s neck and does more of that rolling of his hips, and there’s a burst of flavor around the tentacle in Steve’s cock that Tony would do anything to get more of.
Steve was so caught up in the story that when the first crack of thunder sounded, he startled, almost losing his place.  Seconds later, the lights went out, and he huffed, putting his book down carefully on the patio table and standing up in order to get his flashlight.  It ‘d be a waste of batteries, but it wasn’t like thunderstorms came through every day.
“I will,” Steve promised, taking in the view of Tony with his tousled hair and red lips for later, and then he got going.
The ride back to New York was much more relaxed then the morning one had been, helped probably by the way they’d sometimes look at each other and start snickering. He wasn’t the only one with paint streaks, and he’d even managed to get his handprint on Tony’s mask. In pink.
Tony likes to put Steve on his knees, not as a voluntary act--although, of course, that’s always pretty too--but an involuntary one.
“I watched the ball come down on television.” He glanced away. “There was one on Stark Tower this year—bigger, of course, than the one in Times Square. Tony did always like to put on a show.”
him to have it. They were probably still a long way from that point, but that was alright. For all the weeks that they’d spent together, they didn’t really know that much about one another, and he was happy to give them the time they needed. He wasn’t in love with Tony, not yet—although he knew himself, and it wouldn’t take much more for him to take the fall. Of course, Tony wasn’t in love with him either, and hopefully that would change one day, but until then . . .
“Yeah, but Tony doesn’t know that,” which is a fair point and so not relevant to anything he should be discussing.
“Uh huh.”  He finally took his sunglasses off again and nibbled on one of the earpieces as he considered.  “What about the contract?”
Had Howard been this wealthy?  There’d been too much going on for Steve to ever have the chance to do more than talk to him in passing, and truth be told, he’d avoided him for a while when he’d thought Howard and Peggy were together.  He’d known that Howard was exceptionally intelligent and liked to crack jokes and was confident around women, but they hadn’t ever discussed his life outside the war, and then, of course, it’d been too late.
He felt ... not numb exactly, but detached. Drained. It was a struggle to stay where he was instead of finding somewhere safe to curl up and lick his wounds, let alone take care of Steve.
A part of him couldn’t help but focus on the fact that he was doing something wrong again, on why he couldn’t just be good for Tony, just once, just one fucking time.
One, the vibrations didn’t slow down as soon as Steve relaxed. There was a slight delay, and the longer Steve tensed, the longer until the toy went back to its original speed.
Steve can’t quite put his finger on what they remind him of, but there’s an underlying earthy scent that’s remarkably soothing with traces of cologne that cause Steve’s head to swirl and the occasional bright, almost metallic note. He wouldn’t have expected a doctor’s office to have something like this that isn’t aggressively neutral, but he guesses a lot of omegas feel better with—
“It’s hard to look this good all the time, Nat,” Clint said unperturbed. “You wouldn’t understand, considering your unfortunate lack of looks,” he said, shaking his head sadly, “but for the rest of us, it’s a constant battle to stay this sexy.” He took a big bite of his sandwich, his cheeks bulging out.
The whole shitshow was Tony’s fault, and while he appreciated Steve’s apology, more than he could say honestly, he knew he didn’t deserve it.
They moved to the living room, and Steve would’ve sat in one of the chairs facing the couch, but Tony took his hand and arranged them so they were sitting on the couch, facing each other, both of Steve’s hands in his.
“Okay,” he said, using the back of his hand to slap Steve’s ass and wincing at the resulting throb in his fingers. “See? That’s how it’s done.”
Besides, after all of this was over, Steve would appreciate not having put the rest of his life on hold just to be with Tony.
touching him, cool and kind of slimy things that felt incredibly strange as they glided over his skin, and while the one in front was simply resting against his soft penis, the one in back was wriggling and starting to—
“You are the worst thing that’s ever happened to me,” Steve says exasperatedly, and Bucky laughs and laughs.
without his lab coat on, and the sight is actually a little strange. Tony and lab coat always go together in his head, though, and it’s not like he didn’t know Tony had an actual body, but he’s honestly never thought about it much.
“Sure,” Tony said, moving away from the window where he’d been staring outside toward the sitting area, awkwardly gesturing for Steve to sit down in one of the armchairs.
thicker than Steve’s ever given him credit for, which is crazy, because he’s imagined Tony choking him with his cock many times. In several different positions.
He wanted to tell Steve that he didn’t need his apologies anymore, but he knew there was a point where it was less about one person’s desire to receive an apology and more about the other person’s need to give it. It wasn’t as if he were so different after all in that regard.
He always knew his relationship with Bucky was going to be temporary.  Bucky was a year older and had already accepted a job in Spain with the company he’d interned with over the summer. He had dark brown eyes and tried to teach Steve Spanish when they weren’t studying or messing around.  Even with the end in sight, Steve didn’t freak out when Lisa’s scars got smaller overnight it seemed.  He wasn’t looking forward to the damage Bucky would leave when they broke up, but he wasn’t going to waste the time either, not when Bucky was right there, and Steve could see Bucky’s scars fading, too.
or whatever it is they’re calling him, and then the agents leave. They just get up and go, saying you’ve been absolved of any crime, and still, not one single damn word from you to explain what’s going on? I had to call
“I should’ve just told you then, but I thought you knew how much I cared about you. You’ve always made sure I felt cared for, and I thought … I thought—”
He hesitated, his heart racing, knowing it was going to come off as an accusation; that it was one. “Tony, I—”
.  It was like playing the same video game over and over again, but there were no bosses to fight, and the only points were the ones he gave himself.
“That’s what I’ve been saying!” he said and took a few whacks at the training dummy since it was there.
“Of course. I’m happy to do whatever I can to make this better for you,” Dr. Stark says, and Steve has to swallow back the first five responses that immediately come to mind. “Let me just wash my hands one more time, and then we’ll be ready to go.”
“JARVIS,” he said, clinging on to hope for as long as he could. He had to swallow a few times to get enough saliva to talk. “Who taped up my back?”
“Do I have a choice?” he asked, and it was a sincere question, even though Nick frowned at it. He was contracted to Tony. If Tony agreed, then Steve was obligated to go with him. Or at least, Steve assumed so. Contracted couples in the military were always kept together, but Tony wasn’t exactly a SHIELD employee. Still, Nick wanted them both in the Avengers, so as his Dom, Tony would have final say.
“They need me in DC for a few days,” he said, wishing once again that he could be more open with Tony about missions. He would’ve liked the opportunity to talk about the last few days, including discovering that Nat’s objective hadn’t been the same as his own ... would’ve also liked to discuss Project Insight and whatever Tony might know about it. Duty kept him silent, though. “Things didn’t go quite as smoothly as they were supposed to, so there are a few loose ends I need to take care of.”
“I wouldn’t want it to be said that I don’t care of the needs of my Subs, even during punishment. Stay right there,” Tony said, walking away, and Steve could feel the sound that wanted to escape building in his throat. Tony wasn’t supposed to leave.
“Yes, but I’m prettier than you are,” Tony said, and Steve glanced up in time to see him bat his eyelashes.  “It would be a crime against nature if I were to pass away right now.  You wouldn’t want to be responsible for allowing such a horrible travesty to occur, now would you, Steve?”
He nearly flinched when Tony’s hand turned, worried he’d been found out and that Tony would be upset as a result.
“When we sparred,” he said quickly. “I mean, obviously he hit me some. It is fighting after all. But most it was all open palms, and Steve would stop a few inches away, and it was weird, Pep, weird.”
“Preemptive strike. That’s what you’re saying, isn’t it? Taking people out before they become a problem.”
I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter. I’ll be honest and say that I’m still on the fence about finishing this story. After not writing for almost two months, it was really hard getting back into the swing of things. I kind of thought I was done writing fanfiction altogether, but I started really missing it, so we’ll see. I’ll admit that the more kudos and comments I get, the more I want to write, but I have no idea if any of you are still following this since it’s been like 10 months since I first started it—ugh, I am so sorry—so do with that what you will. I won’t blame any of you for having lost interest.
Not that Steve’s current response is normal. He’s starting to get a waft of his own scent coming up from all the slicks he’s leaking, and he has to close his eyes for a moment as his cheeks burn.
“Yes.” He met Tony’s eyes. “Honor,” he said, because it took honor for Tony to offer one to Steve, to respect it—and Tony would; Steve believed him—and Steve wanted to acknowledge that. “It’s ‘honor.’”
Actually, no, he had no idea how to be the supportive but left-behind Dom, because that was not generally a position he’d ever found himself in. Still, he could at least say, “Be safe,” and pull Steve forward in to a real hug, bodies touching from their heads down almost to their feet. “I’ll be here when you get back.”
Ten minutes later, Tony was dying. It was worse than working out, than sparring with Steve without the suit, then going ten rounds against a zillion Doom Bots. The harder he massaged Steve, the more Steve liked it, the kinky bastard, and Tony was exhausted.
Everything happened in a rush after that, and he didn’t have the opportunity to focus on anything except the upcoming battle, except then—
, Steve thought as the shield was pelted, but none of them hit his body, which meant the round hadn’t ended yet. Tony was near enough that he was going to have to wait until the last second to extend his legs in order to land and roll out of the way, but if he could get behind another tree, he might still have a chance.
His eyes strayed without his permission when she coughed, however, and even though he looked away immediately, it’d still been enough time to register that the cover had a picture of Tony on it.
Finally, I just have to say I'm so impressed with myself for how much I've been writing recently. I've posted probably 12-15K in the last few weeks, which is awesome. More impressive, however, is how so many of you guys have stuck with me and this fic through the feast and the famine. Thank you.
It was different, though, being the one to dish it out versus being the one it was being dished out to, especially when Captain America was the one saying it.
“You didn’t do anything. Not the way you’re thinking about it anyway. You just …” Tony let out another sigh, gripping his hair in obvious frustration. “I don’t want to hurt you, not like that, not even during a punishment, and when you … when you don’t …” His arms fell at his sides. “I don’t think you know how to say no, Steve. To me. Not in this kind of situation.”
He tilted his head down so he could look at Fury over the sunglasses.  “You didn’t want me to be part of the Avengers.”
He raised his hand, letting it hover in the air for a second before touching his lips, feeling the weight of his fingers and wishing they were Tony’s.
needs to stop. There’s a time and a place for inappropriately lusting after someone, and it’s in the privacy of his own bedroom, not when he’s lying on his back with his legs spread during a doctor’s exam!
to argue, but he didn’t feel like he had the right. He was a bad Sub. He deserved whatever Tony said or did to him. “Yes, that was Nick’s plan, but—”
It wasn’t until it was all over, when he was alone on his bed in an apartment that was no longer a home, when he was exhausted physically and mentally and just wanted to wrap himself in Tony’s arms and lie there for hours, that he realized he hadn’t talked to Tony even once in the past three days.
Still, it wasn’t enough to withstand a blow from the shield, and a quick but somewhat satisfying backhand later, there were four men on the ground.
He found himself glancing at the nightstand clock, a quick dart of his eyes, there and away. There were still several hours before takeoff.
“Try. Me,” Stark said, and Steve would’ve given almost anything to see what expression he had on his face now to make Dr. Reynolds falter like that.
Steve glanced at the clock—5:47 am—and got out of bed. He’d get breakfast ready, be able to put it in front of Tony within minutes of him waking up, and then Tony would tell him his punishment, and Steve would do it, whatever it was.
Now, however, the question was how long would he have to stay in this room before Tony would allow him in his again?
Tony frowned when he heard the muted hum of the elevators. He wasn’t expecting anyone, and JARVIS hadn’t announced anyone coming up.
“I won’t, though; shh, I won’t,” Tony promised, leaning forward so they could kiss, grinding down with his hips so their cocks rubbed against each other, making Steve gasp and shudder.
He rolled his head to the side to stare at the empty space next to him in the bed. Steve hadn’t bothered to stay. Although maybe . . .
“You can tell just from looking at them how strong their relationship is. They haven’t stopped touching since the moment they saw each other, and they’re giving each other comfort, and more importantly, accepting it. They’re not going to let this drive them apart.”
“Do you want to clean up your mess for me, Puppy?” Tony whispered teasingly, lifting his hand higher until it was level with Steve’s chin, his come thick and shiny in the daylight, and Steve didn’t think. He just reached up to cradle Tony’s arm and leaned forward, licking at his release through the gaps in the muzzle.
“I thought I’d get the chance to tell you after my punishment was over, after I proved myself so that you’d know how sorry I was.” He could hear Steve swallow. “We both know how well that turned out.”
He shoves everything out of his mind and focuses on work like he’s supposed to. Tony is … he’s just out of Steve’s reach, and that’s all there is to it. The sooner he gets that through his head, the better.
“Tony?” Steve asked, glancing uncertainly over his shoulder at him, and Tony somehow found a smile for him.
“Yeah, I was studying electrical and mechanical engineering in college, and my best friend Rhodey bet me that I couldn’t handle a soft science class.” Tony laughs. “He initially wanted me to take a class on Chaucer, but I said he’d have to take the class with me so we could see who did better, and he switched it to biology instead. Turned out that I loved it, and the rest, as they say, is history.”
“I downloaded the building’s plans while they were still trying to figure out how to get suit off and memorized them.”
It was harder to stay still as he waited once again, his hands clenched at his sides so as not to give in to the urge to cover himself. Tony wanted to see him, and Steve wouldn’t deny him that,
“It is,” she assured him. “But since it’s your first time in after being contracted, the doctor thought it’d be a good idea to check for any scarring or tearing.”
Also, it was just my birthday, so please keep the angry comments to a minimum. *cough* Feel free to leave nice comments, however, and all the kudos! On all my fics, really. >_>
, especially not by the likes of you,” he said, and he was staring right into furious blue eyes from inches away, and he didn’t even remember when that had happened.  “Or maybe after spending five minutes in your charming company, they just didn’t want
Steve hunches down slightly and has to resist the urge to pull the sheet up higher. There’s literally no one else in the office.
He presses kisses against Steve’s fingers to ward off the horror of what could’ve happened. If Tony hadn’t gone to the surface, if he hadn’t decided to sunbathe on a whim …
“Steve,” Tony said, tugging gently at him, but Steve shook his head and held on tighter. He still had so much to say, but he needed a minute before he could go on, and he just wanted to spend that time at Tony’s feet.
It felt … strange. Unfinished. That was it? Tony didn’t have anything else to say? Steve knew that punishment was hanging in the distance, that maybe Tony wanted the time to sort out his thoughts before picking up where they’d left off tomorrow, but for Tony to just get up and leave …
“May I touch you?” Steve asked quickly, not ready to be dismissed, not wanting to lose the press of Tony’s hands and mouth when he’d just gotten them. “I want to touch you,” he said, changing his request, because he’d never realized how powerful the words “I want” could be until Tony had taught him.
At the time, he hadn’t thought to question whether his mother spoke those words as reassurance or as prophecy, but he wondered now what she had seen of their life together.  He had asked years later, but as with all her visions, she had held the knowledge tight to her bosom and refused to answer.
He didn’t know why, but he’d assumed it’d be over with quickly, that a wolf would try to come as soon as it could in the wild. But Tony didn’t stop, he didn’t stop, and he didn’t stop, and Steve couldn’t say when he started moaning from the large cock roughly hammering into him, but he knew he was getting louder and louder. Tony kept rubbing against his prostate with each thrust, the feeling much more intense than it’d ever been with the handful of partners who’d fucked him before. He wondered if it was because of how thick Tony was, or if the bone inside just made it that much more noticeable, but it felt like Tony never missed, and the wide stretch of his hole combined with the sharp, almost punishing jolts of pleasure were making him lightheaded.
eyes flickered over to Fury—Steve, because as far as Tony was concerned, he’d lost the respect that came with the title—but Tony wasn’t going to let Fury to step in, not when he had the advantage and was dying to use it.
By the time he was done, the room gleamed, all bare workspaces and open floor, the damage hidden, even though it didn’t make the reality any more bearable.
“Sit up now, on your knees,” Tony said, and Steve pushed himself up on unsteady legs, grateful when Tony encouraged him to lean back against his warmth. “You really needed that, didn’t you?” Tony murmured into ear, making Steve shiver, and Tony huffed a little laugh. “Of course you did. Just look at how much you came,” he said, lifting his hand, which was covered in Steve’s release.
There was a short pause before Steve cleared his throat and said, “Honor.” Tony knew that checking in could break the mood for some Subs, but he couldn’t regret asking. Steve was so inexperienced that he felt he had to remind him his safeword was there if he needed it. Not that Tony thought he would, but just in case.
And yes, that’s true, but Tony already knows how much Steve gets … caught up in his doctor visits, and he doesn’t want to give him the impression he only asked him out for his medical degree. He genuinely likes Tony, more than he should probably at this point, but he has no plans to try to stop.
He immediately turned so he was facing the bed, although he didn’t know that it was better exactly, considering how close they were. While he’d intended to wake up Tony, he hadn’t imagined embarrassing himself as much as possible in the process.
Anyway, I have no idea if I'll continue it, so anyone who hates WIPs for exactly this reason, feel free to back away now.  I completely understand.
The whole point of a sex toy was to help someone orgasm, so when Steve tightened up around it, Tony had programmed the vibrations to go faster and concentrate around his prostate. All well and good, except for two … okay, two-and-a-half things.
So maybe that was what he should do when he got back, keep asking for things that mattered until Tony believed him, believed
So the events of this chapter probably come as a bit of a surprise, but I've been planning to incorporate the Avengers movie into this fic from day 1, and it's necessary for plot progression. Next chapter should cover the movie, and then we move on. I think. Not more than two chapters, definitely. Next update will probably take a bit longer since I'm going to busy all next week, but then I'll be back.
Steve feels so good that it’s not long before all of Tony’s tentacles are in a frenzy as he gets closer to orgasm. The two on Steve’s chest are almost slapping against his skin as they pull on and off, his nipples bright red and swollen. The one in his cock is going twice as fast as Tony’s hectocotyli, the movement much smaller and more precise, but Tony can feel how large Steve’s cock has become, burning hot and filled with blood. The three tentacles keeping them afloat are churning the water around them madly, and the last two are nudging against Steve’s opening and thrashing around in frustration, so much so that they actually spank Steve accidentally, but Steve just groans wetly and tightens so much around Tony that he does it again.
when you want to go out, when you need something, or want me to do something for you—and I doubt you’ll have a problem with this part—or when something isn’t working for you. I’m not psychic, and I have a tendency to get caught up in my own projects, so if you don’t say something, I won’t know. Speaking of which, I doubt Fury told you about groups like the National Association for Submissives’ Rights, but if you feel you’re being mistreated, you get in touch with these guys,” he said, and it was like throwing down a gauntlet.
When Nick had told him about the rule for Subs who’d been in combat, Steve had turned down the first five potential Doms. It wasn’t something that had been in place in his day.  People had still be
“The time machine is set for two hours, and it’s going to take me back whether I’m ready or not.”  Joe smiled, but there was something fragile about it.  “I just wanted a chance to see you before . . .”
He looked at Steve, taking in the shadows under his eyes and the tense line of his jaw, present even in sleep. He supposed he should be grateful that Steve was sleeping at all since, according to JARVIS, Steve had barely closed his eyes for the past two nights. Steve might’ve allowed himself to be guided to Tony’s bed, but he’d been acting like an unwanted guest there ever since, keeping to the very edge of the mattress and staying glued in place throughout the night, watching Tony, almost always watching him, but making no move to touch him or lay closer.
That had lead to Stark yelling at JARVIS that they had an emergency and using floating images to explain what a computer was. At length. He’d then bragged about how much better JARVIS was than anything else out there and had demanded Steve take him for a spin and go wild, although not Girls-Gone-Wild-wild, because Fury would kill him.
He frowned at the thought of Stark lying to him, but then again, who was to say that he had? She might have liked him as a person but still had reservations about their contract, and what if she convinced Stark to let him go?
—in the first place, the one that kept insisting Tony couldn’t possibly be the Dom that Steve needed, and look where that had gotten him?)
“There is something you can do for me, though,” he said, and what the hell was he doing? This was a stupid idea.
“Rule six?” He raised his eyebrows, because he remembered exactly what rule six was. “That was a long time ago—”
“I’m not—are you even listening to yourself?” he asked, slapping his hand down on the table. “‘He was overzealous. He won’t be in the same room as Steve.’
Nope, he was definitely not ready for that serious of a tone, and he ignored him in favor of going behind the counter. What to drink; what to drink?
“You told me you loved me, and at the time, I didn’t handle it well,” Tony said, looking away in shame when he had nothing to be ashamed about, and no. No, this couldn’t be happening. Not like this. “But now—”
“At least, before you explained. I thought you were still angry with me. I know how much I screwed everything up, Tony. I know some of it’s unforgivable.” He could feel the tears welling up again, and fuck. He just wanted to get through this.
He shivers as Dr. Stark’s hands slide down his neck, presumably to check there’s no swelling in his glands, but it doesn’t feel clinical; it feels like he’s caressing him.
Steve shifted his weight, although he was careful to not dislodge Tony. He had the absurd impulse to cross his legs or hide his erection somehow, as if Tony couldn’t already see it for himself.
Tony hadn’t thought he’d had any more childhood illusions of his one-time hero for Steve to shatter. Apparently he’d been wrong, and he couldn’t even hate him for it this time, pity piercing him like a knife and leaving just as gaping a wound in his defenses.
“Yes,” Steve said, but he couldn’t imagine wanting Tony to stop. It was all he could do not to ask him to hurry, his breath already coming faster, even though they hadn’t done anything yet.
He watched as Steve got into position, taking one last look at Tony before facing the wall. Tony glanced at his shoulders, and yeah, there was a line of tension there, although they weren’t stiff enough to make him concerned. It was always nerve wracking to put your bare back to someone for the first time, not knowing what exactly they’d do and unable to see them in order to prepare yourself for when they did it. That was alright, though. He planned on making sure that Steve only associated good things with being this vulnerable for Tony.
They’d never done much of anything together in public that hadn’t involved Avengers business. That had been for his benefit, Steve knew, Tony’s way of keeping the press away from him. Not that Tony had tried to hide him. Steve had free rein into and out of the Tower, knew the security guards and the people at the front desk by name. When he came in through the ground level instead of the parking garage, he used Tony’s private elevator. To anyone who was around to pay attention, it was obvious there was something going on between them.
, Steve thought, steeling himself, and then he quickly shoved the vibrator as deep as it could go, swallowing the grunt of pain and making sure to pull his cheek open so Tony could see how much he’d taken.
Tony’s fingers started lightly carding through his hair, and Steve tried to burn the moment into his memory, the feel of the carpet under his legs, the subtle scent of Tony’s cologne, the almost ticklish press of his fingers, wanting to keep them all for long after he was gone.
“I’m not marrying you,” he said, ignoring the way his heart twinged in protest, because he’d been half in love with Tony for almost a year now, and he would never have dreamed he’d be saying those words right now.
He made sure to clean up after himself, and then he went to stand by Tony’s doorway again, his hands clasped in front of him.
“Yeah, so that’s another thing,” Tony said, and where was something to tighten when he needed it? “Steve’s been really polite recently.”
Tony wasn’t even surprised to hear Steve hadn’t wanted to be left alone. Steve had always blossomed under attention. Of course the opposite would be true, especially considering it was Steve’s first experience with discipline.
“Paintballs instead of bullets, water canon instead of laser canon, flash missiles instead of real ones, and high-pressured smoke instead of repulsors. Not that smoke is the greatest substitute for repulsors, but I can’t carry too many tanks without giving up maneuverability and having to change them makes me a sitting duck. I do have one or two surprises up my sleeves, however,” Tony said, and Steve could hear the smile, although his mask was down, “to keep you on your toes.”
A surge of affection replaced the amusement Steve had been feeling. It had taken a long time to believe Tony when he said things like that, but now, it just made Steve fall for Tony all that much more. Sure, they were still stumbling around each other, but Steve was so glad that he’d come back to New York, that Tony still cared for him, and he opened his mouth to say as much—
, is peering up along his body, past his obnoxiously obvious cock, past his heaving chest, is looking him directly in the eyes, and it’s amazing Steve maintains his erection with how much blood floods his face just then.
“There’s a condition, a pretty serious one actually, that causes omegas to false lactate. If we catch it early enough, it’s not a problem, but if we don’t …” Dr. Stark frowns. “I think the best course of action here would be for me to massage your breasts and nipples in order to see if you secrete any liquid. Considering how sensitive you are, it might hurt a little, but I highly recommend you allow me to try.”
Steve got hard almost humiliatingly fast. He honestly had assumed he wouldn’t enjoy any of the actual sex, and he still had doubts about the penetration itself, but this? He should’ve known Tony would be a generous lover.
Tony deserved the benefit of the doubt, deserved, in fact, Steve’s faith, and Steve wanted desperately to give it to him … but how well did he really know Tony when it came to something like this?
She sighed, folding her hands into her lap. “Alright. Happy and I were talking, and you realize you’re going to have to top Steve, right?”
Training with Steve had been one of the worst ideas of his entire life, Tony decided as he lay on the ground, his body one big aching mass.
Tony hummed thoughtfully. “Was all of this for me?” He smoothed down Steve’s shirt with his free hand.
As for Tony, though … Steve just didn’t know. If he were willing to still talk and work with Nick, he should be willing to do the same with Tony, but …
“You say that, Pepper, but you’re not the one who has to live with him. Maybe what’s he’s actually doing is trying to lull me into a false sense of security, so that he can turn around and steal the schematics for the suit, sell them to the highest bidder, and then live out the rest of his life on his own private island surrounded by beautiful Doms eager to cater to his every whim!”
“I really am so sorry about being late,” Steve says again as he follows Dr. Stark, because they’d probably be finished by now if Steve had been on time. He wipes at a few drops of water running down his forehead and tries not to think about what Dr. Stark had said about how meeting someone highly compatible could affect his heats. Yes, Steve had been in for his semi-annual exam a few weeks ago, and yes, he’d brushed against Dr. Stark once as they’d been going in opposite directions down the hallway, and
“Yeah?” Tony asked, obliging him, and Steve grunted at the little bursts of pain, clenching his thighs restlessly.
He’d been shaking by the time he’d let the body drop to the ground, and he’d fumbled the knife, his hands covered in blood, so much fucking blood.  He’d started crying at some point, when he didn’t know, maybe when he’d slid the knife in, or maybe when his victim had taken his last breath, but what did it matter really, and he’d had to use the back of his wrist to wipe at his nose, snot and blood smearing across the cuff of his five thousand dollar suit.
Steve tugged at Stark’s hold, but even though it was loose enough that he should’ve been able to shake Stark off without trouble, he still couldn’t seem to get free.
"Fiddlesticks, it's nothing."  Which it very well might be as far as Tony's concerned, but that doesn't change Steve's mind.
“Considering it shouldn’t get much colder than fifty degrees tonight, and you have a sleeping bag that’s rated for below freezing conditions, I don’t think I’m too worried.”
She slid from her seat, settling onto her knees, graceful and confident and so lovely that he felt a pang once again that things hadn’t worked out between them. If nothing else, he wouldn’t be in his current situation if they were still together.
He squeezes his thighs together and bites down on his lower lip, but it doesn’t help, it doesn’t help at all, and he feels like a whole minute goes by of Dr. Stark watching him squirm as he tugs and tugs and tugs, but he knows it’s just the humiliation warping his sense of time.
Steve wasn’t hard anymore, filled with too many regrets and worries to maintain a state of arousal, but he didn’t care. Tony hadn’t abandoned him. Tony wanted him to put on a show.
“You look good, that’s good, the colors look nice on you. What about me? Is this better? I took the tie off but I think—”
But what it boils down to is that there is a teenage version of himself from an alternate reality running around, and he spends about eighty percent of his time hitting on Tony.
Tony cleared his throat. “I’m sure you’re hoping we start your discipline right away, but I’d like the chance to think it over and decide what the most appropriate punishment would be. Will you be alright if we wait until tomorrow?”
He finally goes to shower and get ready, putting on the outfit he’d wisely chosen the night before. Except.
Eventually, however, Tony had dotted all his i’s and crossed all his t’s, and it’d been time to get started.
And maybe, if Tony took his pound of flesh and forgave him, then … then maybe Steve could finally allow himself to listen to the words Tony had been about to say.
No, Bruce had been in full-costume, and Dick had been in full-costume, and they’d been working on something important, and Dick still hadn’t been able to stop himself from fanboying all over Superman and embarrassing not only himself and all his descendants to come with his hero worship.
“So instead you stoke the fires of alien body snatchers and/or necromancers, the Second Coming, government conspiracies, and that’s just what’s trending at the moment. Who knows what other theories they’ll have in a few more hours?” She sighed and rubbed her forehead. “You never make it easy for me, do you, Stark?”
that that wasn’t Tony’s fault, that he’d brought himself to this point, and it wasn’t like he’d actually been waiting for that long. He’d had his orgasm, and then he’d taken a nap. And eaten dinner. But.
No. No, no, no, no, no. He just had to believe in Tony, stop doubting him every chance he could get. This was exactly what Tony said it was: a punishment and a way to help Steve be good for him. It was something that wouldn’t hurt anything but Steve’s ego, with set rules that he could follow and a hard but obvious path to success, and something that wouldn’t tax Tony’s body as he recovered.
“I’m sorry,” Tony rasped out, squeezing his eyes closed and pulling Steve tighter to him, fighting tooth and nail to keep his own tears back, because Steve needed him. Steve needed him, and Tony couldn’t fail Steve this last time too. “Steve—”
What was more surprising was the image that followed on the coattails of that thought. For a brief moment, he could see it himself, and he panicked, scrambling to erase the image, but only succeeded in altering it enough so he was no longer in the picture. It was just Stark beneath some faceless stranger.
, virtually throwing his pheromones around, his body doing everything it can to entice Dr. Stark and screaming “receptive” and “fertile” in the basest, most conspicuous way possible. If Dr. Stark were a lesser man, Steve would be getting fucked to within an inch of life by an alpha in full rut.
Steve finds himself shifting in his chair, his boxer briefs sticking to him a lot more than they were a minute ago—
Except Stark hadn’t asked if he wanted to go down today, and when Steve had suggested it, Stark had seemed anything but enthused by the idea.
He hadn’t wanted this bonding. And yes, being with a Dom hadn’t turned out to be as horrible as he’d thought it would, but that was due more to luck than anything else.
Unfortunately, that meant he couldn’t see her professionally anymore. She didn’t think it’d be good for him to continue being her patient if she couldn’t meet with him regularly, and she’d given him the names of two of her counterparts in New York that she personally recommended, but he hadn’t contacted either of them yet. It’d taken a long time to feel comfortable with Dr. Saunders, and it was daunting to think he’d have to start the whole process over again.
Dear, Anon. Dear, sweet, Anon. I know you asked for fluff, and I think I gave you some, but...I also gave you a hell of a lot of angst that you didn’t ask for, and for that I apologize. I did write bottom!Tony, however, so I hope that helps a little bit.
Tony’s tongue slid under the elastic band of his shorts in response, and Steve nearly jackknifed off the ground.
“No, it’s fine. It’s my fault for forgetting my umbrella.” Dr. Stark makes a good point. He’s not going to be here long enough for his shirt to dry, and he
!” Steve rasped, his voice barely recognizable, and Tony froze, then whined and slowly, oh so slowly, thank goodness, began sinking down as Steve shook and carefully settled back into place.
of being that exposed to the doctor made him want to break something, and not for Stark or his opportunity at freedom would he—
Tony liked getting his ego stroked just as much as the next guy, and if he had to be labeled, it was nice to be labeled the right way.  But that hadn’t been what had gotten him to raise his eyebrows.  It’d been the
He turned his head, kissing Tony softly on his cheek, just a brush of his lips, and then he sank down, freeing Tony from his underwear as his face was almost level with Tony’s groin. There was no time to look his fill, so he opened his mouth, his eyes fluttering shut as he took Tony in.
He hadn’t even thought about the oversensitivity, but as Dr. Stark strokes his prostate, Steve’s hips jump each and every time. There’s nothing he can do to stop them. It’s too much, not even pleasure but a barrage of sensation, and Dr. Stark
“Although I don’t think it would take that long. I like to cheat after all,” Tony said, winking, immediately making Steve wonder what Tony would do. How did you cheat with a machine like that?
But if he could just get through the next two days of punishment … if he could finally do just one damn thing right when it came to the people who mattered the most—
“Yeah?” he said, his voice becoming softer, and damn it, they could work whatever this was out. Couldn’t they? If Tony knew about Project Insight or not, Steve could talk to him, could
Here, though, he only had the sound of his own breathing to keep him company, and he found himself breathing louder in order to give himself something worth listening
At least it had been. All the changes in behavior were leading Steve to one conclusion: Stark didn’t want him around anymore.
It was a huge relief when Tony walked into the living room, so much so that Steve had to steady himself, pressing the fingers of one hand against the wall behind his back. Tony was fine; he looked good even. Resting and showering had done him wonders, and while his hair was still wet, he’d styled it and touched up his goatee. He hadn’t needed Steve after all, and Steve had managed to do what Tony had wanted.
Tony laughed.  "Think of it as just one more first time that we got to experience together.  Besides, they didn’t really kick us out, just suggested that if we were finished shopping that we should enjoy the beautiful day outside.”
Wow.  Okay, sure, Tony had been avoiding Fury for the past month, but he hadn’t known that was going to result in getting carted off to SHIELD headquarters in chains like some kind of prisoner.  Of course, if he’d known who his detaining officer was going to be, he might have done it sooner.  Tall, blond and gorgeous could rock a pair of fitted pants like no one’s business.
I don’t know if you’ve written.  We haven’t gotten any supplies from the Compound in over a week because of the rains.  Have you guys figured out why changes in the weather affect Them so much?  I’ve never seen them be so crazy before, or so mindless.  I killed a few that had settled down to eat.  They didn’t look up, even when I cut them down.
He ran into the forest, switching direction as soon as he was far enough in that Tony had lost sight of him, switched again just to be sure. He kept the count in his head as he took stock of his surroundings. The trees were close together, so that he shouldn’t be too visible through the leaves, even with the blue uniform, and the trunks were thick, making him hopeful that some upper branches would be able to support his weight so that he could get higher than Tony would be able fly.
But he didn’t, squeezed his eyelids together instead as he took a deep breath and then lifted his head and did what Tony had asked, squinting slightly at how bright it was in the room after the blindfold.
“What did I say about you worrying so much, Steve?” Dr. Stark says, the gently chiding tone of his voice making Steve’s chest tight, and he has to bite his lip to contain the gasp of relief. “Not even in the running for first place, remember? Now, do you think you can keep going? Or do you need to take a break?”
"Well, there are occasions when you have to think outside the box," Steve begins, but Tony's already waving his hand.
“Let me try one last thing and then we can move on,” Dr. Stark says, and Steve doesn’t even have a chance to breathe a sigh of relief when Dr. Stark lets go before he takes both of Steve’s nipples and rolls them between his fingers.
Although Tony was his first Dom, and Steve had been in one traumatic situation after another. Maybe he would’ve done anything to keep even a small sense of security.
“—and then Nick dissolved our contract, and you know the rest,” Steve said, and he had tried to keep his tone as dispassionate as possible, but he hadn’t done as well as he would’ve liked. It was the first time he’d ever told anyone about his time with Tony, and it’d been both harder and easier than he would’ve thought. Easier because he’d wanted to tell someone the story, and harder because even if he hadn’t said everything explicitly, it was painful remembering all the things he’d done wrong.
He found a likely area with seventeen seconds to spare and quickened his steps, jumping up and immediately pushing off with one foot as soon as he landed so he could leap from trunk to trunk. He managed to grab a branch and pulled himself up, going as high as he dared before crouching down with the shield in front of him and the tree against his back, between him and the direction he thought Tony would be approaching.
Stark was very courteously absorbed in his phone, though, just like he’d been ever since they’d entered the room, and it didn’t change when someone knocked on the door perfunctorily and then walked in.
“No, I have a bit of a wandering streak.  What about you, Steve?  Where are you headed to?” he asked, holding the keys up, flashing the Hertz logo back at him.
It took Steve over three hours to finish. Tony hadn’t given him any direction on what to do with the damaged items, so he tried to sort those that seemed salvageable into one area and those that looked irreparably damaged into another. It was mostly guesswork, but he didn’t have anyone to ask, so he did the best he could with hands that weren’t quite steady and a chest that had seemed to crack open further with every item he cleared away.
By the time Tony finally came out, Steve felt like he would rip apart at the seams if he didn’t do something, and he nearly ran to grab the bags of drinks and snacks from Tony’s hands. Tony opened his mouth, no doubt to object, but then took one look at his face and let him have them.
He heard and felt Loki’s sigh, his hand coming up to slowly stroke his hair.  “Yes.  Yes, and that, too.”
“Sorry, I … I didn’t hear you,” Steve says, trying to speak normally, and it feels like he’s going to combust with how much he’s blushing. It should be illegal for doctors to have conversations with their patients when they’ve got something inside of them. Maybe someone who doesn’t get the way he does during exams could do it, but how’s Steve supposed to pretend it’s not everything he’s ever wanted?
By the time they got to the door with Tim and Damian behind them, Clark and his mother had already been let in by Alfred.
Tony had let it go on at first, because he’d been exhausted and in too much pain to do more, sleeping and eating and doing his own watching honestly, marvelling that Steve was mostly within arm’s reach and trying to wrap his mind around the fact that Steve had chosen him, that Steve loved—
It reminded him all too acutely of growing up and being told no Dom would ever choose someone like him, weak and scrawny, someone who was sick all the time and a burden to everyone around him. What good was a Sub who was so fragile, who couldn’t even be properly dominated?
It would, but really, Steve knew he was going to do it just because he wanted to, and he was just trying to rationalize his decision.
Maybe he was just hesitant because of how exposed it’d leave him, with nowhere to hide his face and all of Tony’s attention on him.
interested, asked questions because he wanted to know the answers.  He didn’t flirt unless he meant it.  And even if he
He’d promised himself that if it didn’t go away or if he couldn’t figure anything out within a week, he’d tell Fury.  But that still gave him four more days.
Look where his pride had gotten him, though. Maybe if Steve had used his safeword then, not to stop completely but to ask for reassurance, something Tony had always freely given, then Tony would’ve trusted him when he said he didn’t need to use it later.
But then came all the questions, and Steve moved away, let Tony slip from between his fingers, and he knew it was the right thing to do, but it hurt more than he would’ve thought possible.
“It really doesn’t bother me,” Dr. Stark says kindly, although that can’t be true, not when the scent of Steve’s slick is hanging heavy in the air and Dr. Stark can no doubt feel the racing of his heart under his hands. “Okay, I’m going to move on to the next part now. Ready?”
If Steve were stronger, he’d pull away. If he were a better man, he’d refuse to take advantage of Tony’s forgiving nature and would suffer through all the discomfort his body caused him.
“I’m—” Tony swayed, his hand falling down against his side and curling into a white-knuckled fist as he heaved for breath. “I’m fine,” he gasped and crumpled to the ground.
Steve had never realized how strong tongues were before, how flexible and mutable. He’d been rimmed in the past, once, but his partner hadn’t been even a fraction as enthusiastic as Tony was, and it’d been nice but not something he’d thought of much since. He’d never imagined how soft and wet and needy he could feel from it, and now that he knew, he didn’t know how he was expected to ever forget.
his trust, with the only possible exception being that he didn’t do anything to break it, every day that passed by without incident proving that Tony’s faith was deserved.
But then Steve sighs and says, “Alright, Tony.  But just this once.  And I don’t want you to mention it to
“Is everything a joke to you?” Steve asked, probably going for antagonistic but just coming off as tired.
Steve headed for the couch but Tony didn’t follow, kept going towards the kitchen, so he hurried to catch up. He’d planned on getting Tony to rest, preferably by lying down but willing to settle for him just getting off his feet, and then bring him something to eat and drink afterwards, but if Tony wanted it now—
“Pepper,” he said at last, almost pleading with her, but she didn’t relent, and he didn’t know what else to try, already feeling the mantle of responsibility settle on his shoulders, trying to crush him with its weight.
He opened his mouth to say something, but . . . he really didn’t know how to respond to that.  It made so much Tony-sense that Steve couldn’t even berate him.
“Don’t want?” Tony asked, and he could feel the mocking grin settling on his face, as comfortably as any mask he’d worn.
What made it even better was that Stark was surprisingly good at this. Steve still had to be careful, but it was obvious that Stark knew how to fight, his moves a mixture of boxing and some other technique that depended on quick strikes from the centerline of the body. If Steve had thought about it, he would’ve assumed that with all of his wealth and intelligence, Stark would’ve relied on other people or his technology to protect him, but he was glad that he would’ve been wrong. Steve didn’t
Steve didn’t know about JARVIS, had interrupted Tony before he could announce his presence. Steve wouldn’t realize there were cameras in every room, although Tony only ever accessed the public ones. Steve had believed in the privacy that Tony’s departure had offered, and Tony felt guilt writhe through him that he had somehow broken a trust that wasn’t even there.
He’s already come once, but he wants to do it again, wants Dr. Stark to fuck him with the speculum, to force him as wide as he can go and leave him like that until he’s begging for mercy.
Inventing?  There was nothing in the world to compare with envisioning new designs and making them into reality, and Tony would sooner die than have that ability taken away from him.  But if it had been able to fill the void, he wouldn’t be where he was today.
They flew for a long time, long enough for Steve’s fingers and toes to get numb, even with all the extra layers. He kept waiting for Stark to turn back, to say he was bored or he’d had enough, but Stark’s voice didn’t tire as he acted as tour guide, and his arms never faltered, not once giving any hint of letting go. Any nervousness Steve might have felt when they’d first blasted off into the sky had all but disappeared, and he felt safe, he realized. Secure.
. I promise you are.” Tony ran one hand up and down Steve’s back, trying to comfort him, but Steve remained tense, and Tony could almost feel the misery radiating off of him. “I’ll help you,” he said at last, anything to make Steve feel better, and Steve jerked back just enough to look into Tony’s face. Whatever he saw there had him let out a shuddering breath, and he nodded, his eyes alight with hope.
I opened up prompts on my tumblr and got this: “This might be cheating on my part but might as well try XD how about a coda or just a small glimpse a few months or years down the road with steve and tony in
“It was an alien! Some really tall, freaky, yellow alien with four arms, and I’m pretty certain I heard it say Dr. Doom’s name, but the rest was all gibberish. What is
He didn’t know how long he spent on his knees, but he knew it was less time than he would’ve liked. Tony was still tired, though, and couldn’t be comfortable standing there, and what if he tried to join Steve on the floor like the last time? So Steve forced himself to get up, but he missed it almost immediately, the muscles in his legs flexing as they registered how wrong it felt to be standing.
"You're going to begrudge a man who's gone without sleep for over forty hours one measly cup of coffee?"
It wasn’t like Tony was blameless. He’d done … so many things wrong. Had hurt Steve past the point he could bear and kept on going.
It was so easy to sink to his knees, to rest his hands flat on the ground; so much easier than standing and facing Tony.
Tony’s fingers traced each curve and dip as he washed Steve’s right arm and then the left, lingering over Steve’s hands, digging into his palms and squeezing each finger. It felt amazing, and Steve wouldn’t have thought a massage would make him start getting hard, but then, he was naked, and Tony was naked, and Tony was touching him. Maybe he shouldn’t be surprised he was getting hard, even though he'd just had an orgasm; maybe he should be surprised it hadn’t happened sooner.
But Tony didn’t, didn’t do anything except go back to his work, and from this position, Steve couldn’t even watch him, couldn’t even tell if Tony were watching
even, his whole body feeling like he was going to burn to ash with mortification. He’d thought there wouldn’t be any danger of coming after being stuffed so full, that he’d do it just so Tony could see some of the lengths he’d go to to earn Tony’s forgiveness, but now Steve was starting to think there wouldn’t be a chance that he
“I think we should check to make sure all the plumbing’s still working,” Tony said after he’d dragged Steve back to his room.  He waggled his eyebrows just to make sure Steve understood what he meant.
The possibility that Tony might make him wait until he had no choice but to fail slithered through his mind for a second, and he immediately felt disgusted with himself, his stomach twisting. What was wrong with him? Tony hadn’t asked him to do anything he couldn’t handle yet, had
Maybe after he’d well and truly earned his place at Tony’s feet, with pain and tears instead of through Tony’s forgiving nature, he could ask if he could spend the day—
“I was going to call!” It was too little, too late, but he had to try. “I meant to, but Nick told me about Project Insight. About your role in it,” Steve said, blurting it out, and shit, he knew he wasn’t explaining himself well, but he had to say something before he lost his chance. “He said—”
And all the stories he’d heard from his dad, all the clips where Captain America had smiled bashfully or stared stoically off into the horizon, all the comics where he’d single-handedly fought forty Nazis and won, they’d all painted the same picture about a hero and a champion of justice and an all-around good guy who helped little ladies cross the street and who would’ve smiled at Tony and been proud of him for all the things he’d accomplished for the sake of his father and himself and the whole damn world.
“None of that excuses me ignoring you, though,” he said, leather creaking under his grip, keeping his eyes down. Tony had spent the whole conversation avoiding looking at him, but now that Steve had his attention, Steve couldn’t face him. “No one’s worried about me like that for a long time, and I didn’t think about what you’d be going through. I just—I didn’t
No, he thought, shame keeping his eyes closed as his cock reacted to having something inside of him, nevermind that it was something cold and foreign, the thing pushing steadily deeper before finally stopping. It didn’t hurt at all.
“Mr. Stark, I’ve been ordered by Director Fury to bring you in for a meeting,” the guy said, calm and apparently unflappable.  He obviously didn’t know Tony that well.  “The restraints are to ensure your cooperation and will be taken off when we reach Director Fury’s office.”
He was going to make it up to Tony, he was, even if he didn’t know how yet, but Tony was still willing to give him a chance, and Steve wanted—
The arm moves, reaching for something, Steve doesn’t notice what, and he can’t help but think it looks really strong. Capable. Like it could hold an omega down and keep him right where Dr. Stark wants him. However he wants him. So he can do whatever needs to be done for the omega’s own good.
“We had a good run. I’ve been honored to be your Dom,” Tony said, his voice easy but his eyes shuttered, and he was … he was leaving him. Or asking Steve to leave. Either way, Tony was ending their relationship without any kind of warning, and Steve knew that he hadn’t called, but it’d only been for three days, and out of all things he’d imagined would happen when he got back, this hadn’t even been a glimmer on the horizon. “I assumed you probably didn’t want to get back on a plane right away, so I had JARVIS make a reservation for tonight, and my jet will take you back to DC tomorrow whenever you’re ready—”
“They want to automate … pap smears?” Steve asks, confused, because that seems cold and somewhat dehumanizing, and he can’t imagine how anyone would think that’d be a good idea.
“I did,” Steve said, and he hadn’t gotten the greeting he’d been hoping for on the plane, but Tony’s disappointment went a long way to making up for it. “You were busy, though, and I didn’t want to disturb you.”
Do you guys remember how 4 chapter ago, I said there were less than 4 chapters to go? *Sigh* Yeah, I remember that too.
“Right behind you,” Tony says, and they make their way over. “I’d hardly call it exciting, but I’ve got a dinner to go to on Friday night. Boring small-talk, mediocre food, not enough alcohol, yeah, I’m not really looking forward to it. Nice shot.”
Tony had said something similar earlier when he’d brought up safewords, right before Steve had humiliated himself: it wasn’t like he wouldn’t respect a stop if Steve had said it. He’d obviously felt the need to be clear about it now, though.
in bed with Steve, exactly, because he had taken his pleasure and enjoyed each and every depraved thing he’d done to Steve. But he’d … tailored things to what he’d thought Steve would like the most, and it’d always been there in the back of Tony’s mind that he was fulfilling a role for Steve, that he had a job to do, no matter how much satisfaction he took in it.
“That was really loud,” Tony said, sounding amused, and the shame pulsed inside of Steve. “What if someone hears you, Steve? What if someone
He started with light kisses, soft but quick, along the edges of Steve’s mouth, against parted lips that tried to chase him as he went, and he finally had to grip the hair at the back of Steve’s head to keep him still—something Steve obviously appreciated if the shuddery gasp he gave were anything to go by. But it was when Tony covered Steve’s neck with his other hand, forcing his jaw up, that Steve outright moaned, and Tony gave up the teasing and got serious, relishing the way Steve’s jaw moved against his fingers as their tongues slid together.
“Well, congrats, man! I thought something might’ve been going on, since you looked a lot happier than the last time I saw you.”
“Good morning,” Tony said softly, and Steve met his eyes without meaning to. “Hey, so, depending on how you feel, I was thinking we might go to the coffee shop downstairs and get some deserts masquerading as breakfast food. What do you think? We’ve been cooped up in here for so long; it might be nice to stretch our legs a bit, get some fresh air.”
“Yes,” he said, setting down his drink, which he’d been nursing just to give his hands something to do. “You?”
had been cautious about just how he wrestled with Stark, but Stark had seemed oblivious to the change.
He swallowed, and it took him an embarrassing amount of time to say, “You don’t know me,” a thread of hoarseness running through his voice. It was ridiculous how affected he was by what she’d said.
Somehow, he’s developed a little bit of a crush on an escort, and isn’t that the biggest laugh in the world?
He curled into Tony even more, wishing he could catch more than just a trace of Tony’s cologne, but the tears made that impossible.
It took everything in him to not let a tear fall, but Steve clawed and scraped at his control, and he managed somehow. He couldn’t stop the shakiness of his breathing, however, no matter how much he grit his teeth or tried to take deep breaths, and there was no hiding it from Tony, when he was that close.
He was finally ready, however, to let people see what he and Tony were to each other, what they could be. And he wanted Tony to know that.
“Good,” Nick said. “Then let’s get going. We don’t have much time. Grab whatever you need, and I’ll meet you two on the roof,” he said and headed toward the elevator.
“He didn’t—” Steve tried to smile. “I wondered if he’d make an appearance, but he never did. Not once all night long.”
He heard Tony’s sharp inhale, watched as Tony went completely still, and the knowledge that Tony was as affected as he was helped ease some of the nervousness inside of him.
“Hello, Steve,” Tony said from where he was sitting in an armchair. He set down his tablet on the table next to him and smiled.
“Really, we should’ve picked one right away, but it wasn’t like I wasn’t going to respect a ‘stop,’ so I didn’t think it was necessary at first. This way, you can let me know when you’re feeling uncomfortable or when you just can’t or won’t do something—”
"What the hell were you thinking?" Pepper demanded, managing to smack him on the arm even as he was trying to dodge away.
that it turned everything smooth and slick, liquid heat coating Steve’s thighs and sliding down his hips and between his cheeks, Tony’s hot huffs of air making it feel even better. When Tony curled his tongue around Steve’s cock at the same time as he licked, Steve shouted and arched off the floor, even with Tony holding him down.
For as odd as the seat looked, it was surprisingly comfortable, all the parts that touched his skin padded and covered in soft cloth, with the headrest and armrests placed perfectly. Steve would’ve been more grateful if he weren’t so on edge, but it was hard to drum up any appreciation when he felt so exposed.
“Whatever you’re thinking, whatever you’re telling yourself right now, I meant it when I said it’s not a failure to use your safeword.”
“Okay.” Tony starts to take a deep breath and then visibly stops himself, leaning back in his seat. “Okay. You need to go?”
Nonetheless, it’d taken a lot of courage for him to come to him, and Tony hadn’t once tried to reach out to Steve.
“As I was saying earlier, I don’t know how you’ve handled things with your previous Doms, but when I—”
For those of you who might be worried we've taken a step back, I promise that the next chapter is going to have sweet moments between these two. (Or if not, then the chapter after that, because these things have a mind of their own ugh.) I mean, we're going to get a little kinky again, but sweet moments too.
“I’m not saying I should build you a fucking machine or anything,” Tony said, and Steve’s jaw dropped a little, all his thoughts scattering. “Although that is a possibility. Would you like that, Steve?” Tony asked, tilting his head to the side. “If I built something like that for you?”
“Steve,” Tony said seconds later, lifting his finger and ignoring Steve’s raspy, “Tony, please.” He could see a strand of precome cling from his cock to Tony’s finger. “Thank me.”
“Ma, you know Bruce, of course, and these are his sons. This is Dick, Tim, and Damian, and I think Jason said he’d be arriving late.”
Steve waited, but Tony didn’t come in, didn’t even say anything to him through the door, and what? Did he think Steve hadn’t heard them?
He moaned at the thought, the sound coming out thick and garbled by saliva, and Tony stuttered, saying, “Yeah, keep doing that,” as his thrusts came a little faster.
. He’s allowed to now. He can have as much of Tony as he wants, and the idea of it makes him feel crazy, makes him shudder and arch up towards Tony, a whine building in his throat.
He should’ve read Steve better. Paid more attention. Should’ve cared more about Steve than his own damn feelings, especially since he’d known Steve was already having a hard time. But for the past day and a half, he’d been too fixated on doing this one last thing for Steve, on fulfilling his final duty as Steve’s first Dom and putting him through different types of punishment so he could figure out what did or didn’t work for him before he moved on.
mind as a matter of fact, and he had better things to do than put it on hibernation mode for nearly a week at a time.  (That was what alcohol was for, and then at least, he got to pick and choose when he binged.)  Never mind that the fucking itself normally only lasted three to four days.  Everyone knew that Alphas regressed to Neanderthal levels right before and after their Omega went into heat, grunting and pounding their chests and ready to attack anyone that came close to their chosen mate during a fertile period.
He took a deep breath before switching over, slapping on his most annoying grin as the screen filling with Fury’s face. “Well, if it isn’t the Commander of SHIELD himself. What can I do for you, Fury?”
Maybe so, but when had he ever given up on something he wanted so easily? He should’ve tried harder with Steve.
At this point, it just seemed like something he had to be good enough for, something he had to earn, a reward, he supposed, and while Tony had fucked him with his fingers, his tongue, had even brought out a few toys that made Steve rub his thighs together in remembrance, Tony still hadn’t gone all the way.
.  He is very, very sore in places he hasn’t been this sore in since he lost his virginity.  Either they were
“Why,” Tony said, finding the energy somehow to wipe at the bit of drool at the corner of his mouth, “giving up so soon?”
For the prompts “shopping for curtains” (Avengers_Tables) and “kink: rushed sex” (Cap_Ironman Bingo).
He blocked Stark’s next strike, and the next, and the next after that, the two of them shuffling across the floor as they each tried to find an opening. He eventually managed to catch Stark’s hand, twisting it and shoving it against Stark’s other arm so it was pinned to his chest, consequently leaving his side vulnerable. Steve landed a quick tap before Stark could get free. Stark nodded in recognition of the hit.
He didn't quite know how to finish that sentence, but Tony saw it for the victory it was and smiled widely before finally helping to set up the camp in relative silence—for Tony anyway—willing to be good now that he knew he’d get what he wanted later.
Steve tears at Tony’s shirt with his free hand, something Tony would normally be down with, but what with having just been shot and all—
He could feel the prickle of tears behind his eyes, and he bowed his head, blinking rapidly, refusing to let them fall. He would never have used his safeword if he’d honestly known what else to do, but he wasn’t going to manipulate Tony further by crying in front of him, no matter how genuine the emotion behind it.
What Tony did know was that out of all of them, he was probably having the easiest time with the whole awkward discussion having been in the public eye his whole life, so he was used to having people know all sorts of crazy, supposedly private things about him.  And when push came to shove, he could walk away, because he didn’t need to waste his time getting a recalcitrant Sub to bend knee when he could snap his fingers and have a willing one licking his boots in about ten seconds flat.
He’d thought he’d been getting better, but the idea that Steve had left—again—that Tony would be coming back to an empty apartment, had filled him with panic. He’d made himself wait for as long as he could, but once he’d given himself permission to head back, he’d all but run to get here and hadn’t even asked JARVIS if Steve was still around, because he’d needed that deniability for just a little longer.
“It’s alright. I know, I know,” he said, as he put Steve on his knees on the bench for the next part, his ass about waist level to him. Even though he wasn’t actually saying anything of meaning, the tone seemed to reassure Steve, enough that Tony could take a step back and spill half of the lube getting his fingers coated, but whatever, he could buy more. He rested his left hand on the back of Steve’s neck, not for Steve for once, but for himself, needing the contact, the illusion of control, and then he pushed two fingers into Steve, closing his eyes at the sensation.
“Open up,” Tony said after he’d finally given himself permission to move back in front of him, and Steve stared up at Tony with eyes blind with lust, right before he took him in greedily.
Maybe it was time to go back. Nick had said they could use him at SHIELD. He wouldn’t be wanted there, not like—not like before, but he’d be needed, and maybe that’d be enough.
“But you’re his first Dom, Tony,” she said, ignoring him, and he’d known that telling her that fact had been a mistake. He wouldn't have if he hadn't been tired and frustrated and feeling cooped up; he couldn’t very well leave Steve in the penthouse to fend for himself, but he wasn’t used to staying indoors for so long unless he was caught up in a fit of genius. So yeah, maybe he’d had a few drinks last night and complained to Pepper about worrying he was going to screw things up, because it’d be so easy to do. But really, it was unfair that she was holding his maudlin thoughts against him.
Tony sat behind Steve and got his fingers as wet as he could with just saliva before leaning forward to rest his teeth where he wanted them, a perfect round mouthful of the inner, bottom curve of Steve’s ass. He paused for a second there, two fingers resting against Steve’s hole, so Steve would know exactly what he was planning and so the tension could ratchet up a bit—and then he started to bite down while simultaneously pushing into Steve.
“What do you mean?” Steve asked, finally lifting his head as he tried to make sense of Tony’s question. Was Tony asking if he was thinking about him instead of just himself now?
On the plane ride to New York, he’d finally decided what he was going to ask Tony for next: a date. Somewhere public, where everyone could see the two of them together, and someplace romantic, so no one could mistake
“You’re right, though,” Tony said, closing his eyes. “I should’ve asked you,” he said roughly, and then he was gone.
When Tony had suggested fighting against the Iron Man suit, Steve had assumed it’d be in the gym, where they normally trained. Sure, it would’ve restricted Tony’s movements, but considering Iron Man had projectile weapons and could fly, Steve hadn’t been concerned it would give him an undue advantage.
“You know, you said something to me a few days ago. Something I never really responded to the way I wanted.”
“When are you coming back?” he asked, which, considering why he’d called in the first place, was an unfair question. He knew that it’d probably been a last minute decision on Tony’s part, but it was strange to think of Tony choosing to be so far away. Tony had always just been
He didn’t move as he heard Tony draw closer, not even when Tony seemed to hover in one spot and the temptation to look started welling up. Nerves could be a soldier’s worst enemy, but they didn’t belong here. It was hardly a life-threatening situation, no matter what the adrenaline coursing through his body told him, and he doubted the paintballs could hurt that much if he got shot.
Why is this happening to him? This isn’t normal, not even for him, and there are some days during his heat when he gets wet watching medical dramas. Fuck.
He sat outside on the balcony in order to be as close to the storm as possible without actually being in it.  It was mostly covered, and as long as he kept his chair angled close the wall, he shouldn’t get wet.  He brought along a copy of
”I’m going to go ahead and check your prostate now,” Dr. Stark says, putting words to action, pressing down and rubbing, and Steve doesn’t mean to do it, never means to do it, but he’s been on the edge for so long, and the way Dr. Stark touches him …
the base without accompaniment, and is that what you really want?  To have to request in writing a chaperone every time you want to leave?  Not to mention the fact that you’d have to apply days in advance so we could put it on someone’s schedule, in addition to the very real possibility that you could be turned down due to lack of availability or because someone decides your request isn’t important enough to permit.”
“I don’t,” Steve said, and Tony could hear the way he was trying to dredge up the anger from before. He finally looked over at him to see that Steve was standing now instead of hunched in on himself on the couch, shoulders squared back as he geared himself up for battle, and Tony acknowledged the relief that no matter how many cracks Steve had, he wasn’t quite broken.
He didn’t need a watcher! He’d always looked after himself, and while yes, he’d wanted Tony to take care of him, that hadn’t meant he needed Tony to go easy on him. That he couldn’t handle earning Tony’s forgiveness on his own.
“I still want a punishment,” Steve said, and if anything, he sounded more determined than he had before.
“Thanks, but I’m okay,” Steve says in a blatant lie and throws a weak smile in Dr. Stark’s direction without meeting his eyes, because he might explode in mortification if he does.
He’d gotten undressed in front of doctors in the past. Completely undressed even. This wasn’t so different from any time before.
He nodded slowly, realizing Tony was waiting for a response. Alright. Okay. He’d make sure to do a thorough job.
He knew Tony wouldn’t be happy after he got off the phone, but Steve was right there. Tony could take his anger out on him. He would’ve gratefully accepted any further punishment Tony wanted to dish out in order to stay beside him.
He was limp and slightly disoriented afterwards, and it took a while for him to get his bearings, to realize Tony was rubbing his back and humming a song under his breath.
Steve let out the tiniest grunt as the back of his thighs met the tops of Tony’s, and this was a very sexual position, wasn’t it, he thought, staring into Tony’s eyes, the warmth of his body seeping through Steve’s clothes. He didn’t remember putting them there, but one hand was on an armrest, and the other one was braced against Tony’s chest. His fingers twitched.
He lifts his shirt and covers his face, breathing through his mouth shallowly, but it really doesn’t help. It doesn’t help at all actually, and he imagines that he can almost taste it on his tongue, Steve’s scent, his desire.
“Tony,” Steve says, a hint of admonishment in his voice and the lightest of blushes tinting his cheeks.  But he lies there, hands fidgeting as Tony watches him through the screen, and Tony feels such a rush of fondness for him that his chest aches.
, Steve thought, because it felt like their positions were reversed. He should be the one rubbing the shampoo into Tony’s hair; it should be his hands carefully tilting Tony’s head back as he started to rinse him off. Steve didn’t think of himself as an old-fashioned Sub, but it felt wrong to just sit there while Tony was doing all the work.
Couldn’t he have today? Just today. He’d loved Steve for so long. Surely he deserved one day to let himself love him as much as he wanted.
Other than the speed of things anyway. Here he’d been fixating on hugs, but after last night, well, he obviously didn’t need to worry that Steve didn’t have enough sexual experience. It was just submitting that he didn’t know much about. So fine. Tony would help him figure out what he liked. No problem.
thing Steve should hear was that Tony didn’t know what to do, was barely holding himself together because he was such a horrible Dom that he couldn’t even get this one thing right, couldn’t take care of the one person who—
The first bite was at the base of Steve’s neck, near his shoulder. Steve was so muscular that Tony’s teeth couldn’t sink in very far, but he enjoyed the heavy weight of him in his mouth, the tang of skin and sweat on his tongue. Steve gasped into the pillow, his shoulders tensing and then relaxing as he tilted his head to the side in order to give Tony more room.
Steve should’ve said something then, had wanted to, had been tempted to lie and claim he’d already known that Stark would never use him like that. He rarely lied to himself, however, and he never lied to anyone else with the exception of the enemy, and Stark kept trying to prove over and over again that he didn’t belong in that category.
He makes sure he’s standing in front of Steve when Steve’s legs finally give out, is there to catch him and lower him gently to the floor, all the while telling him how gorgeous he is and how proud Tony is of him.
He took a shuddering breath instead, nearly sitting down where he was, exhausted in a way that made no sense for how little he’d actually done, but he couldn’t be weak, refused to do anything that would keep Tony from continuing his punishment. So he stood there instead, taking deep, heaving gasps of air as he flexed and shifted his arms, trying to get rid of the pain while keeping his movements small.
“I’ve never built a fucking machine before. Don’t get me wrong, I’ve thought about it once or twice, but it didn’t seem worth the effort. I mean, they sound good in theory, but it’s one of those things you'd only pull out in a blue moon. No one
It should’ve made the urgency worse, but the longer Tony stared at Steve’s flawless body, the more he felt the need to lay some kind of claim to Steve, to leave his mark in any way he could, and it pushed the desire back enough for him to concentrate.
Steve’s mouth parted, but there was no way he’d misheard. Tony had definitely said what he thought he’d said. It looked like he wasn’t going to have to wait after all.
Their plane back to the states wasn’t scheduled to leave until close to ten in the morning, so Steve went back to his room in order to try and sleep for a few hours.
“Two, you’re aware of the history, and while you’re impulsive and arrogant and all too frequently a pain in my ass—”
But whatever the circumstances that had led them there, Tony had accepted responsibility for Steve, and it was time he faced up to that fact. Steve was his now. And the vague plans he’d had of pretty much ignoring him and letting him do what he wanted until their contract was over were no longer feasible. He didn’t know what he
Thanos was gone, and the world was safe, and … and hadn’t he earned the chance to grab a little bit of happiness for himself? He’d sacrificed so much,
When Tony invited all of them to his mansion for a party next to the pool and asked him if he swam, he rubbed his hand over his upper arm, feeling the changes in texture under his shirt, and gave him some weak excuse before walking away.  He’d used to enjoy swimming before his body came to resemble a battlefield, but he was doing everyone a favor by keeping his clothes on.
We were attacked by a huge number of Them today.  I wasn’t hurt.  No scratches or bites.  Yes, I’m sure.  We look each other over pretty carefully after every fight, with the same level of meticulous care you used on me countless times before we reached the Compound if without the wandering hands.
Tony waves, and Steve lifts his hand in response, his head ducking without his permission, and he knows that the smile he’s wearing right now is embarrassing, it’s so wide, but he can’t regret it, because Tony’s smiling too.
No. He’d already tried to stay away from Tony once, and he’d spent the whole year unable to forget him, filled with regret. Steve could do it again, but he didn’t want to, didn’t want to find out how much worse it’d be when he’d fallen … when he felt … when there wasn’t even the hope that Tony would take him back at the end of it.
For the prompts "It was a dark and stormy night..." (avengers_tables) and "Writing format: docments" (cap_ironman bingo).  I actually wasn't quite certain what the prompt Writing Format: Documents meant, so I just winged it.  Hope this counts.  >_>
How could Tony not know, when Steve had come back because he couldn’t stand to be away, when he fell apart at a touch, at a glance from Tony? When he did things for Tony that he’d never done for anyone else and did them gratefully and aching for more?
Maybe it would’ve been kinder if Tony had put him on his knees or on his back, tied him down so Steve had something physical to fight against when the desperation became much. But Tony wanted to be able to see every flex of muscle, every shiver of arousal, wanted to be able to touch and tease and hurt Steve as much as he could bear. He wanted to drive Steve past the edge of self-control until he was nearly mad from the barrage of sensations, and how could he do that if half of Steve’s body was unavailable to him?
?” repeated Tony. “What do you think this whole thing was about?” he asked, his voice getting louder.
“But . . . I mean, even if we don’t have a contract, the rules are still in place, aren’t they?” Steve asked, looking worried, and Tony knew how important rules could be, especially for new Subs, so while he hadn’t actually intended to revisit their old rules, he found himself nodding in agreement anyway.
“I’m me again!” Tony said, checking to make sure all his parts were in place.  Being a woman had been disorienting to say the least, what with the different center of gravity, the change in height and voice, and the lack of dick.  “Hallelujah!”
Really, there’d only ever been a handful of occasions that’d he’d gone up against someone without either of them getting beaten black and blue. The first few times had been with Bucky when he’d tried to teach Steve to defend himself because he’d refused to let Bucky fight his fight battles for him. The last had been during Boot Camp when everyone had been expected to learn how engage in one-on-one combat.
“Attractive and smart. How did I get to be so lucky?” she asked, and Steve found himself smiling at their easy banter.
He tensed when Tony started washing his nipples, rubbing and rolling them between his fingers, Steve’s breath becoming unsteady the longer Tony focused on them. Just when he started arching into Tony’s touch, unable to keep still, Tony finally moved, sliding his hands back up to the curve between Steve’s neck and shoulders. Steve’s eyes fluttered as he looked up at Tony.
“That can't be right!  Sorry, there seems to be some kind of interference with my audio.  Must've been that last pass when I got knocked into the wall.  I couldn't make out what you said, over."
“Yeah,” Tony said, adding another finger and rubbing against Steve’s prostate mercilessly. “Yeah, show me how much you like being fucked, sweetheart,” he said tenderly, taking his hand off Steve’s neck in order to reach around and finally touched Steve’s cock, although only to cup the head a little so it’d brush against his palm each time Steve rocked forward, and Steve made a sound like Tony was killing him.
“No. With me.” Stark stood up. “C’mon. We’ve been cooped up here for days, and I for one am going stir-crazy. I’m surprised you haven’t started bouncing off the walls to be honest.”
Stark muttered to himself and JARVIS at first, calibrating and adjusting and who knew what else, and Steve used the time to take in all the things that had changed. Everything that had changed.
Another short chapter, but maybe short chapters are the way I need to roll, guys. It gets me writing. Happy holidays, everyone!
Tony dives out of the chair at the same time as he hears the muffled shot, and he lets out a pained gasp at the sudden intense burn in his shoulder, rolling as far away as he can, knowing his chances of getting out of this with just a scar to impress the ladies are slim to none.
“You are a great Dom, Tony,” she said, smiling up at him, offering not her submission but comfort, and he let out a huff of breath, wishing he wasn’t so grateful for it. “It’s going to be okay; you’ll see.”
hadn’t worked either, Tony had said fuck it, and that was how he found himself in his current situation.
“Not as much as I missed you,” he told him, the only bit of truth he could give him because if Tony knew just how much Steve meant it, he wouldn’t let him get half that close.
Although the pool might have been on the roof; he vaguely remembered Stark mentioning a glass ceiling so he could look at the sky while he was swimming laps. He hadn’t been paying attention, too jittery, wanting to work off some steam but not knowing how to when everything looked so clean and untouched. He could just imagine Stark’s gym being the same, the leather polished, the weights shining, and he couldn’t picture himself breaking punching bag after punching bag, the sand spilling like blood over the floor. He’d given Stark a stilted goodnight soon after and retreated to his room.
“No can do, I’m afraid.  The passenger-side seat belt isn’t working, and I’m waiting for parts,” he said, not even feeling bad for lying, because the last thing he needed was to sit next to Mr. Cute But Creepy for any length of time.
Tony waved his hand dismissively.  “Are you kidding?  Me and Clint?  Alone?  For a whole weekend?  We’d kill each other.  Besides, my parents would never buy it.”
“Good,” Tony said again, tired all of the sudden, exhausted really. And maybe he was wrong. Maybe there was another reason that Steve was acting so oddly, and maybe he wasn’t sitting there thinking all sorts of terrible things about Tony like he had the first day. Maybe they’d moved past that into something resembling trust.
He couldn’t deny, however, that the worry that Stark was getting ready to terminate their contract had faded significantly by the time he turned off the computer. It wasn’t completely gone, but Steve was more willing to give him the benefit of the doubt.
“Welcome to Jackson, Steve!” he said to cover his reaction, which no matter his gift for gab, he wouldn’t have been able to explain for the life of him.  “I’m guessing you’ve already seen most of the sights, but in case you haven’t, don’t blink as you’re walking down Main, otherwise you’ll miss all that the town has to offer.  There’s a diner about four blocks south of here that I’d personally recommend if you’re in the mood for burnt coffee and excellent chocolate cake.  It’s nothing fancy, and do
He preferred to not think. Not remember. And that worked for the most part, except for when it didn’t, and those days, he’d stay in his motel room and let the memories rush over him until he was strong enough to stuff them back into the lockbox in his mind.
“Shh,” Tony said again, and it made a shiver run down Steve’s spine. “Mmm, gorgeous,” Tony said when he pushed Steve’s clothes out of the way. He spent a moment looking, just looking, and Steve’s cock—dark red and already so, so wet—slapped humiliatingly against his stomach in reaction. Steve squeezed his eyes closed, but they snapped back open quickly when Tony touched the head of his cock with one finger, putting his other hand on Steve’s hip, keeping him in place. “You want it so very, very much,” Tony said as Steve shuddered, and there was no way he could deny it. “You should thank me for giving it to you,” Tony said, as he circled the tip, making Steve grunt, his hips jerking.
It was a weak excuse. He knew it even as he thought it. Yes, he’d been trying to keep Tony safe, but he hadn’t even made an effort to let Tony know he was okay, that he was
on the tenth anniversary of Thanos’ defeat. Something was happening, and Steve couldn’t let himself be blinded. It was just a distraction, a ploy of some kind, and he had to keep a clear head and not let the thing’s face confuse him. He wasn’t going to be swayed by the tests, no matter what the results said, and he knew that Peter wouldn’t either, that if nothing else, the two of them would stay strong.
“I said I remember, Pepper!” He immediately regretted being short with her. She had every right to remind him. She’d been the one to pick up the pieces after all.
“Tony,” Steve said, and there’d been a time when Tony would’ve paid any amount of money to hear that much emotion in his voice.
for example).  Tony Stark had impulse problems, which okay, yeah, but this was different!  Captain fucking America was two elevators, seven hallways, and fifteen doors away from him, and if he had to wait one more day, just one more, he’d go batshit insane, would pull a Bruce Banner on them, would—would—he didn’t know what he’d do, but it wouldn’t be pretty.
“I missed you,” Steve gasped in between kisses, the truth was too immense to be locked within his chest, otherwise he never would’ve been able to tear himself away from Tony’s mouth.
Stark was in no condition to handle a weapon, the drugs making him sweat and babble, and Steve had to support him with one arm as Stark’s coordination deteriorated.  He continued to tell Steve where to go, however, and Steve kept following his directions, putting his faith in Stark to get them out as quickly as possible.
He yelps when Steve’s door starts to open—shit, shit, what the ever-loving hell—and does the only thing he can think of, charging forward.
For now, though, Tony adjusted the shower heads again so they wouldn’t wash away the soap too quickly but still provided enough water to make everything slick and re-lathered his hands. Then, wanting to give Steve warning but also wanting to make him relax a little, he said, “I think I’m in love with your ass,” ignoring the voice in his heart that said,
He wanted to help, but he desperately didn’t want to do anything to make it worse, and he didn’t understand why Tony was doing as poorly as he was. Yes, the scene had been incredibly rough, and fuck, Steve shouldn’t have lost his temper, should’ve noticed Tony wasn’t doing well right away, shouldn’t have added more emotion to what was already a storm of misunderstood feelings … but Tony was walking like every step was an effort, and Steve didn’t know what to do.
“Exactly,” Tony said, wincing slightly, as if he were thinking about it too. “I mean, it won’t,” he said quickly, and as Steve looked up at him, just for a second, one heartbreaking second, it was like the old Tony again, his expression earnest and reassuring. “I’ve programmed it to just shut down if anything unexpected happens. But why risk it?”
“It’s all right. I’ve got you,” Tony said, and then he felt him pulling at the curve of one buttock, and Steve blushed furiously as he was spread apart right before Tony’s finger started rubbing smoothly against his hole.
Tony blinked slowly. “Of course, Steve.” He gestured for Steve to go first, so Steve walked towards the stairs, wishing he could turn around to watch Tony and make sure he was alright, but knowing he couldn’t without giving himself away.
“I’m sorry, but I’m going to have to touch them again,” Dr. Stark says, and yup, there it is. “More than just touch them, I’m afraid.”
It was just as good as he remembered, better, and he sighed into Tony’s mouth when Tony’s hand slid up the nape of his neck, hoping Tony would—
He took Steve to bed not long after, even though it was hours before either of them slept, edging Steve until he was a pleading, sobbing mess.
“Key’s in my pocket,” Stark gasped, knees crumbling until the only thing keeping him upright was Steve’s desperate hold.  “Pickpocketed the guard.  Didn’t want you to leave me behind,” he explained weakly, as if Steve would’ve abandoned him even if they hadn’t been handcuffed together.
He wet a washcloth with cold water and wiped at his face. What the hell was wrong with him? He’d faced down enemy soldiers with more composure than this.
sure.  Our projects always turn out, Pops, but I had to finish it by myself since—”  He shrugged, looking away.
Steve stepped forward, picking up his things off the floor to unpack in his room, every brush of fabric and muffled footfall unnaturally loud in the quiet apartment.
“Stop, oh, fuck, stop!” Steve gasped, hunching forward, and it wasn’t his safeword, so Tony just followed with his fingers, rubbing against Steve’s prostate even faster. “I’m going to come, please—”
(Look, I did say that there'd be at least one more chapter of angst. I did. So like, NEXT chapter should start the healing. Or if not, DEFINITELY the chapter after that. *cough* Yeah.)
Steve shifted on the bed, the sheets gliding like water over his exposed skin, and he grimaced, his shoulders clenching reflexively. They were just too . . .  too white, too long, too soft. Everything in Stark’s home was
?” he asked again, slamming down the bottle, hard enough that a few drops of scotch came flying onto his hand. What the hell kind of game had Steve and Fury concocted? He would never have thought Steve would stoop to emotionally manipulating someone to gain the upper hand, but he’d obviously been wrong. “What does SHIELD want now?”
He can hear Dr. Stark pull out two gloves from the box on the wall, and he doesn’t look, he doesn’t look, because looking is going to be the end of him. Steve knows what comes next, and even with how embarrassed he is, it’s all he can do to keep from squirming in anticipation.
But … what if Tony had wanted to? What if he got tired of all of Steve’s apologies? What if, even after punishing Steve, Tony decided he couldn’t forgive him?
For the most part, he didn’t mind, because it never hurt to have people misjudge him, and he liked switching it up from time to time anyway, so it’d led to some rather . . . vigorous encounters that he still thought back on with a smile.  And of course, he hadn’t minded proving his orientation to a few specific people afterwards, in a rather more private setting where they could make it up to him, but whatever.  That was beside the point.
The words didn’t make his anger disappear, but it was hard to maintain the same degree of combativeness when Fury was being so reasonable all the sudden—which was rather suspicious, if he did say so himself, but they were arguing over Captain America after all instead of their normal subject, i.e. Tony, so maybe that made all the difference.
The pandemonium that broke out then drowned out the rest of his words, but it still wasn’t louder than the roar of blood in Steve’s ears.
Maybe he’d counted himself in the clear too soon. Maybe he hadn’t been the only one thinking about what had happened. At the time, Stark had mistaken his reaction for disgust, and what if he’d kept on assuming that was how Steve felt? How much did Steve really know about him after all? Could he say he knew what was normal for Stark? He’d thought he’d denied whatever accusations Stark had been making, but what if he hadn’t believed him?
And yet Steve could feel himself calming down, the nervous agitation of minutes before settling into something less hectic and all-consuming.
He turned back around in time to catch the flicker of misery on Steve’s face before it was wiped off, and well, shit.  The car ride over had been bad enough with neither of them talking or even looking at each other, but Steve Rogers made a remarkably pathetic figure standing outside Tony’s door with only a duffel bag to his name, and Tony couldn’t help but feel a spike of pity.  The last thing the guy needed to be reminded of was that his “home” wasn’t one he wanted and that the only reason he had it was on Tony’s sufferance.  Pepper was right.  He had the sensitivity of a gnat.
