"Tony, you're all flushed." And oh her voice is just uncanny. It rings all around his head. "Are you okay? Please look at me."
Peter sits down slowly in a chair, staring down at the Accords. "...but I was just trying to help." And Tony sucked in a sharp breath, hearing the guilt in those words. Jesus Christ, this poor kid.
"-With the United Nations." Oh. Tony fights not to tense up, but judging by Barnes' look, he fails. "You weren't like this before."
History stuff with Buck: I know it's not accurate, but history class isn't exactly accurate nowadays and 1920's America would A) not have nearly the amount or dissemination of information on hand and B) in this AU, history, art, culture is dominated by the sanctity of soulmates. So...everything's a bit skewed. Achilles and Patroclus are 100% validated because they are soulmates, whereas Brutus and Caesar are...both validated and villified. For the record, in this AU, Brutus and Caesar are the first real official recording of 'second soulmates' and of course, go catastrophically off the rails. Their peers did not, of course, attribute this to the political and social climate, but because Brutus and Caesar had two names and were therefore incomplete or 'broken' and weak men, and thus began a snowball effect that ruined the lives of thousands over the next few centuries. This is not necessary to the understanding of the story, I just like to blather endlessly.
It hits perfectly, bisecting the bomb neatly in two without engaging the trigger mechanism. Madame Hydra watches it fall apart in open-mouthed shock and Steve memorizes that expression, holds it close. "I was part of SHIELD for two years and I lived with Tony Stark. I know my bombs, ma'am."
"Just to make sure that he knows-"
You want to work together. Together but separate?
"All clear," Dagger responds immediately, echoed by Cloak and Falcon.
"You'll get in trouble," Tony sing-songs. Jessica snorts.
"Clint,
Until Tony looks over, huffs, and says “fucking metaphors.” Steve frowns, puzzled until he follows Tony’s gaze to an old building - the insurance-cum-cellphone company. It was obviously damaged in the last attack; it’s covered in scaffolding and a large sign that says ‘UNDER CONSTRUCTION; REOPENING SOON.’
Steve has to do what he can to protect his friends, even if that means putting himself into the hands of Nick Fury. Arguably the man is a bigger threat than the rest combined, always two steps ahead and so good that he isn't afraid to let everyone know while maintaining an impenetrable shroud of secrecy.
Just take this morning: Obadiah had come booming into the solemn quiet of their house, singing the birthday song to Tony before he was even halfway through the door, swanning up to the boy's room and depositing his gift of a new soldering iron kit with all the deference due to royalty. Tony never smiled, but he had come damn near close then. The boy's gaze had slid past Obadiah then, to his parents lingering in the doorway, his mother almost hidden behind Howard, and his face shuttered as he carefully pulled down the sleeves of his pajama top where they had ridden up, exposing his pale, bare wrists.
to take up arms and drive the bastards out. Take a stand. That's all you wanted. All I had to do was stand beside you.
So Tony flies out with Natasha and Vision and sits in the aftermath, knowing there is nothing he can do and hating every second of it.
. Howard's.)
"Good talk, guys, not sure why we couldn't have done that over communicators," Rocket grumbled, tugging on a twig jabbing into his shoulder. "C'mon, Groot, you need to stretch your legs. You're practically planting roots here, what have you been doing all day?" With that, the big tree stood, rodent still firmly fixed to his shoulders, and headed off in the direction of the
Tony thinks of Steve's drawing, burning a hole in his pocket, the Avengers' circling the earth. Steve had seen it. Of course he did. Kamala and Peter are each a thousand times worth more than Tony, but they are still accidental heroes, like himself, giving of themselves because circumstances made it so they could. But there are people out there just like that scrappy little slip from Brooklyn, who just wanted to stop bullies. No one, not even Steve's own body, could stop that kid, and Tony doesn't imagine the world could do any better against his twenty-first century equivalents.
Steve has always lost things when he was a kid, always scrounged and scraped by for his next paycheck, next meal, next breath. He’d never gotten to keep much, even after the serum. He saves what he can, where he can, and he holds it close, because everything else slips away.
The sound of T'Challa's claws digging into to the wall of the plane is just about the worst thing Tony's ever heard. Besides Clint's voice.
"How do even know this was this Fury?" Wanda asks. "This man, Cloak, he has been here for weeks, watching us. He knows us. He knows
“There was a call out in the city,” he said through gritted teeth. “Routine. Clean-up, practically. I sent the Legion to take care of it, which they did. Perfectly. Rogers had a problem with it. Started yelling about what if they had messed up, what if they had hurt somebody.
Tony snorts. "I never worry. Hey, did you know that Kamala has missed a month of school?" Natasha sighs but its almost fond, her lips quirking up when she glances at him. "Got it. Priorities. Terrigen mists."
inconvenient from you?"
"Okay, you know how you've always wanted to punch Tiberius Stone in the face? Well, I've got good news."
"Not my future, though. You don't...come back." The last part was barely a whisper.
"Leighton," he begins, and she holds up a hand.
" she says, and his heart sinks until she goes on. "
She's fine. She misses you.
"I know, honey. But you've got the September Foundation. That's your mother's legacy, not this."
"You can't be surprised that Fury lied to you."
Tony was a failure. His
He has always been aware of this - it was the reason he finally hunted down Bruce to
"Oh," Tony said, a flush coming and going across his cheeks like the afternoon breeze. "Oh," he said again, suddenly drawing himself up and looking away. Ready to bluster. "You think this is impressive, you should see what I've got cooking in my workshop, Cap. The Guardians, the Chitauri, Knowhere coming down, all that tech! They're doing stuff up there we haven't even dreamed of, Cap, but I'm gonna make it a reality, and then I'm gonna make it better."
Steve doesn't tell him; Bucky's nowhere near ready to hear it yet, if ever. "Am I really all that different?" he asks instead.
He moves to stand but Hope hisses "I'm not finished yet" and he sits right back down, a little quailed despite himself.
Steve rolled his eyes and it was almost fond. “Raise the faceplate already.” Cautiously, Tony obeyed, and when his eyes met Steve’s it was like the dawn had broken all over again. “Thank you, Tony.”
But there is nothing to touch here. Nothing he can fix. This is the aftermath; New York and London and Sokovia. Watching it all burn down around him. This is the quiet moment between disaster and recovery where the entire world tries to catch its breath. This is the worst part.
He finds himself pulling out the phone, double-, then triple-checking that Rogers' number is still there. For just a moment his thumb lingers over the default contact picture, a smiling but other featureless purple cartoon of a man. One push, one touch, and it would call. Rogers probably wouldn't answer, since he wouldn't recognize the number, but...
she didn’t ask, maybe because she already knew the answer.
. “We all came home today.”
He retrieves each copy of their amended Accords the next week, snorting when he sees Jessica Jones' notes on Cage's copy, impressed by the extensive knowledge of the law evident in Daredevil's, amused by the copious amounts of 'WTF's and exclamation points in Peter's.
"Look, Buck, every time I talk to one of them they talk about how much better the Accords are now, how maybe I should sign, like I'm some kind of idiot who was too stupid to understand the first time around. I don't doubt that Tony and T'Challa and Nat have worked hard at them but at the end of the day it's still tying our hands behind our backs, putting us in cages and deciding when to let us out. Nigeria ended bad, yeah, but what would have happened if we weren't there and Rumlow got away with the bio weapon? If we had just let it happen, the same people demanding we turn ourselves over to the government would be raking us over the coals, asking where we were when the world needed help."
That reaches down to something deep inside of him and twists, oh God, this hurts. "Who do you think I am, Bruce? It's not like I'm gonna hunt the man down. I want to ask. I need his help."
But the news doesn't get better. The terrigen gas is fatal in large quantities and those in the epicenter of the blast most likely died before inhaling a second breath. Vision only grows more despondent the further he goes but nobody is going to call it. Nobody wants to. There are hundreds in there and the Avengers can't do a thing.
"What's that supposed to mean?"
The king has been quiet. "You okay?" Tony dares to ask. T'Challa closes his eyes, a line forming between his eyes.
Tony watches Steve, watching the emotions flit across his face. Shock and happiness and unmistakable fear. “Just a present, Steve. No pressure,” he murmurs, and Steve frowns at them both, him and the shield. “I heard what happened. With Barnes.”
"Oh?" T'Challa says, looking between the two of them. Tony hates how he packs so much into so few syllables. "We each have individual contracts under the Accords, Doctor, has Tony not showed you?"
What do you need me to do?
He takes out his phone and flicks it so three displays fan out in front of him as his AI brings the program they've been running on Osborn's notes on Project Samson to the center hologram. "
A pause. "
Alright everybody it's fall-out time! Let's do this.
He leaves just as Daredevil is lifting his hand to take the one Luke Cage has offered to him.
Tony can hardly hear T'Challa's sharp request over the buzzing in his ears.
He gets maybe five feet away when T'Challa speaks again. "Tony," he calls, and waits for the man to turn back to him. He looks incredibly uneasy all the sudden. "I did not come here for strictly altruistic reasons. I have decided to present your request to my guest. You will abide by his decision." It is not a question, and after a long moment of flabbergasted silence, Tony nods. The tense lines in T'Challa's face grow deeper for an instant before smoothing away, and the king turns away, heading towards his own bank of reporters.
getting missions from Fury. And never the twain shall meet, apparently. World's ending and the man's still playing Spy Games."
"Steve, we all know its been rough on you. Rachel's a psychopath, but she means well, getting you out and about," she says. "But if you're not biding time here, what are you doing?"
(Screaming all the while.)
"Steve, is that - is that Bucky?"
Tony remembered his eighth birthday. Working on his first robot, and Obie and Howard at the window, and the door was cracked, and they all pretended he couldn't hear them call him 'soulless.'
"Well, no, I said it for you, because Your Majesty would
"What is going on?" Gamora murmured to Natasha, who had placed her head in her hands a long while ago.
Coulson's bland face remains so. "I remember. We'll take the prisoner. I expect a full report on the bomb within three days. And before you say no, remember that my scientists have been working on this a lot longer than yours. We can help."
-taking the mood down a bit but yeah. i understand that.
"Canada's basically given us a free pass as long as we work with the police. You'll be bagging and tagging, kid." Tony points threateningly. "Don't pull a Germany this time. When I say keep your distance, you keep your distance. I'm serious, Spidey."
he wants to say.
"And what about you, Your Pantherosity? Can't be easy, running a country while you Avenge and harbor fugitives on the side." There is a pointed silence in the hall and Tony looks up at T'Challa's impassive face. "Oh, sorry, are we still supposed to be pretending Cap and Company aren't kipping out under the Wakandan stars, buddy? My bad."
he wonders at the page, caught up in those eyes again, more alive here than they were back at the compound.
"No!" Steve burst out. "He's a hero, a good man that I believe can be great. Tony just...gets...carried away sometimes. Like the whole world was broken until he came along to fix it and he's the only one who can do it. It - it makes me so angry! He'd give up everything good about himself just to be that much smarter or faster when he
“He’ll hear you-”
"Because I put it there, silly!"
"Who do you work for?"
There is a long message on Steve's phone when he next opens it. Information, new codes, and a small note from Natasha that intimates more is on the way. For a minute it doesn't fully sink in what has occurred on the other side of the world while Steve so nonchalantly ate his lunch, regaling Sam with an abbreviated summary of Bucky's phone call, but it hits him all at once.
"Just like old times, right, Steve," Stark asked. His eyes were bright, practically manic as he leaned in close. "Look at you. That same old hangdog expression, too. You gonna lock me up in the cell tonight? Let me serenade you? I know it's your favorite." A truly outrageous eyebrow waggle and then Stark burst into song.
"FRIDAY."
Tony didn't think they were enough. After all, what could possibly compare to the things he could do? Or maybe Tony was afraid that if he admitted how much he needed the Avengers then that would mean he had somehow fallen short.  That he had failed.
(Tony's deepest, darkest secret seems almost trivial but here it is: he would've given almost anything just to have Obie survive. He would have thrown him in jail, of course, but he would've had visited. Even if Obie spat in his face, called him every name, he would have visited. The man had practically raised him.
(The best lies are always half-truths, and Tony Stark has always been the best liar.)
"Then make me an Avenger, then!" Donnie shouts. "Make it so they can't touch me." Tony just stares at him for a long moment, calculating risks and scenarios and probabilities and Donnie's face just grows more and more wretched. "You don't trust me at all, do you?" he asks. His voice is all over the place, quiet devastation running ragged all over it. "You've - you know how much I try and you still...look at me like I'm -"
"Probably," he says noncommittally. Fury's always playing a long con and Tony doesn't have the time to parcel it out. There is a familiar figure in the distance and he stands, relieved to be getting away from the encroaching sense of panic that even the idea of working alongside Rogers, even from a distance, brings to him. It feels like letting it go, and Tony can't. He dreams about his mother every night. He can't grit his teeth and bear it. "Well, I'll leave that in your capable hands, super spy. You and Rogers still seem to have a rapport, see if you can get Fury to spill some beans."
"I'm going to go down to my lab," Tony announces hoarsely, grabbing up the phone. "I'm going to smash this with a hammer."
Do what you need to Clint. Just be safe.
"He didn't interfere with us much before," Steve says, thinking of that time between SHIELD's fall and the Accords, that year where it was just the Avengers choosing their missions and where to go. And it jolts him, for an uncomfortable second, to realize that the choice was always there.
So raise your hand if your currently harboring fugitives that may have just violated the express wishes of sovereign state. Oh, hello, T'Challa.
"There won't be. This is your call all down the line, Commander. The Avengers are just here to help."
"Good man," Rhodes said, coming forward to clap Steve on the shoulder. "Don't beat yourself up, Captain. Leave that to the aliens." With that, he moved past Steve and loosed his gun, ready for a fight as he headed down the walk to the dorms.
The Madame relaxed back into her pillows, her gaze lingering on her now-useless feet. "I wouldn't be so sure. I will die the moment I exit this place. My people have a rather low toleration for failure of any kind."
"If you just talked to him-"
"I haven't signed."
Howard hovers at Barnes' shoulder, fiddling with the tubes sinking into the other man's arms.
He is panting and truthfully he's not sure what just came out of his mouth. He's not even sure he believes all of it, or if he just spat out every half-formed dark thought he's had about Steve over the past few months. The team is staring back at him, Rhodey standing up now while Natasha has sat herself down in Tony's chair and Clint has curled back against the couch cushions, his arguing face on even though he thankfully keeps his mouth shut.
And Tony has always been so good at picking up Steve’s dropped cues, filling in the blanks he leaves all over his life. “But you saved me. Just like I knew you would.”
When I needed him he was there. Just because we disagree on the Accords doesn't mean everything between us has to be over. Nat said he's working pretty hard on making them better but he broke them to come help me.
Steve snorts. "I've always been pretty crap at naming things. Howling Commandos was all Dum-Dum's idea, and the Avengers were named before I was even defrosted. How 'bout you take that one?"
"I don't think that's fair," Spider-Man says uncertainly.
Tony has made a lot of mistakes in his life. Most of them he was delighted to make because he was too stupid, too selfish to realize how irreparable they were. Trusting Obie had been his first. He'd never been able to fix that.
That makes him pause and actually turn in his seat, eyebrows as high as they can be. "
"And if Harry Osborn can't turn it around in a year, then maybe we'll talk about it," Tony says, measured. "It's his father's company, Pep. His family's. I'm not taking that away from the kid."
Joseph came home the next morning, took one look at the new mark on his son’s wrist and went pale, and disappeared again.
"I never joke about pinky swears."
Tony clenches his jaw, forces out a smile. "I don't know, the world loves a good redemption story. Exhibit A-" He gestures at himself. "Have a good night, General."
"You think they mean outside the organization?" Falcon says, squinting up at the screen.
"Where's Iron Man?" He asks the first week.
"Director," T'Challa replies, and there is no mistaking the growl in his voice or the rigid set of Shuri's shoulders. Steve can feel a prickle of awareness signalling that the Dora Milaje, ever vigilant as they are, have somehow become impossibly more alert. "And Agent Tyrone Johnson, also known as Cloak. Welcome to Wakanda."
Tony moves his fingers so he can peek out at the king. "Yeah, that's kind of the idea." He goes back to hiding at T'Challa's heavy sigh.
"Get the Mark II ready now! Call up Rhodey, we're the only ones who can get there in time-"
"Lukin's never had any complaints from the men who serve under him and he's always had a good mind for strategy. He can't be any worse than Ross," Rhodey says with a shrug. "I mean he never created a knock-off Hulk and that's gotta count for something."
"Aw, Tones," Rhodey says, reaching for his crutches with one hand while he holds tight to Tony with the other. "Let's go to bed."
Those big eyes widened even further when Steve spoke, and a grin bloomed across his face, deliriously happy and nothing Steve had ever seen his Tony direct at anybody who wasn't Jan. "Never mind. Whatever he put in there, keep it coming. I quite like this state of bein'." He reached up, fingers grasping.
But he carried the ache in his chest as the car pulled away from 890 Fifth Avenue, the last time he ever saw his house, like it was precious. He nurtured the memory of watching his mother play piano from the shadows, never being allowed into the light.  He dreamed of a soulmate every night, swimming through a vast ocean, searching for an impossible treasure.
"No better place to meet then the place where I have the Eye of God in every corner," he says with a shrug, waving in the direction of the ceiling. "FRIDAY will be watching. Calm those ruffled feathers, mother hen."
"You sound like Steve," she says softly. His head snaps up, his face doing god-knows-what, but she just smiles. "He never said it, but he used to agonize about training the Avengers, even the STRIKE team. I think he was worried that whatever happened with the Commandos was just a fluke, I suppose. He had these reports that he tinkered with constantly - I saw them once."
He knows he's dreaming because his father is in the lab with him, physically this time, and they are working together. Tony has no memory of this, because it never happened. He knows he shouldn't be here. Shit, Tony hates his mind sometimes.
He pointed off in the distance, towards the direction of Stark Tower. “Is that mine?” he asked, amused. “It’s so
Tony wants to shut it off; he can only imagine how Peter feels, hanging there. Apparently, the madman has similar sympathies, as he drops Peter in the next second. Tony shouts, watching Spider-Man fall end over end through the air until he slings out a web randomly and catches a building, righting himself.
Tony will not fix it. Tony
"Stay, Laura!" Tony croons.
"Alright. You good for today, Blizzard?" Donnie's had a really good day today, which means he'll probably have a really bad night. Tony reminds himself to let someone know before leaves so someone can wake the kid up when he starts screaming. He wishes he trusted Donald enough to let him spend the night at the Parker's but he can't, not with those HYDRA triggers in his head and not even when they're gone.
get: we’ll always have yours.”
Steve leans closer, voice dropping. "You'll fail. You're already failing, you're proof enough of that. HYDRA is teetering on the edge of oblivion. As far as I can tell, all you need is a solid push."
“He’s just trying to help,” Jan said, always defensive of her best friend. “He wants Steve to fit in here.”
"Because people were
Tony dreams that Steve is the one who pushed him from it.
T'Challa has finally removed his mask and is staring up at the stars visible from the second story balcony. The king looks worn down in a way Tony didn't even know was possible for him. Tony hates to only make his burden worse.
They both look up at him at that, wariness and suspicion in Cage's eyes and the set of Daredevil's shoulders. Tony sighs. "I know you'd both like to wander around the streets doing whatever the hell you want, cleaning up Hell's Kitchen as you see fit but let me be the first to tell you: thinking that you know best how to fix life's problems, that just because the safest hands are your own means they should be the only hands helping seems self-sacrificial and noble and good. And it is. But it's also arrogant and selfish and fearful."
He goes back to the formula, in the middle of the night. Stares at it, writes it down in his own handwriting to see if that triggers something, stares some more. He knows this. No one can piece together Erskine's original notes to create the original serum and besides that, no one can replicate the Vita-Beams pod his dad made.
“Bull,” Steve declares, settling back. “I feel better already.” And yeah, Steve could probably use some mindless chatter right now. A distraction, a past time, until the world starts moving again. Tony stays. He’s has got a million things to do back home, but he stays.
Tony cannot let it go and maybe -
The usual. Just wanted you to know.
He's not ready.
, she thought spitefully in her husband's direction.
The Tower was dark, a rare event that meant Tony was so deep into his inventing he didn't even want outsiders accessing the elevator to get to the supercomputer on Deck 1 or the hot tub on Deck 2 for fear of the noise disrupting his work. Steve had been into Tony's workshop and not once had he ever not been playing his music at an obscenely loud volume, so he wasn't even sure how the soundless elevator could bother him, but regardless he, and everyone else, respected Tony's privacy.
"Supply lines," Rhodey says instantly. "Track whoever was giving her the goods to play with and we find our way into the nest. Sarkissian wasn't making this stuff on her own, she was modifying what they had, which means she had someone on the inside."
They pile into the living room, an odd reluctant happiness in the air that explodes into real joy when Laura and the kids come barreling into the room, screaming, to tackle Barton to the floor. They all pointedly ignore the cuff around his ankle and the tears in Clint's eyes as Rhodey asks FRIDAY for whatever the news is reporting.
'Together,' he might have sent, and it would have hit as hard. It's within Tony to be angry at this, that because Steve's on board, now they can finally work as a team; he can feel it at the edges of his mind. But he doesn't want to. It'd be so easy to succumb, to give in to feeling this...distant despair that's nearly consumed him over the past few months, but suddenly, it feels like backsliding into a person he doesn't like to remember being.
Title quote is an Iron Man stock phrase from the game.
Tony is completely puzzled. "Who, Steve? Barnes?" T'Challa's eyes remain downcast and Tony gapes, figuring him out. "
What do you mean
“You got your mark.” She pulled back again, so she could look him in the eye. “You’re just five, and you already got your mark. Do you know what that means, sweetheart? They say you can’t know your soulmate until you know yourself, but you already knew who you are, Steve. Didn't you? My brave strong boy.”
, dear. James Buchananan Barnes.” She traced each name as she read it to him, and watched her son’s face light up with joy.
She says patiently, like he's slow, "The Avengers have been in business for six years, Stark; you, eight. How many Iron Man fans are working on prototypes in their basements right now? How many Cassies? You're
"Diamond - Rachel," he says, and she doesn't look at him. There's a snarl on her lips that almost distracts from the devastation in her eyes. "Rachel," he says again, softness wrapped over steel. She swallows, looks up, defiant and daring.
never agreed
yourself? Weaponized satellites, miniature bombs, making the armor
Pepper is there with Happy, and wow, the strings she must have pulled to get him the seat next to her. But she looks relaxed in a way she hasn't in months. Rhodey has found Carol Danvers, as if it was easy to miss her in that striking red dress, and wandered off to claim their seats. Donnie, beside him, is barely recognizable but for his wide smile as he sips down a Cola he'll regret later.
Steve remained silent, desperately trying to find the words again, while Tony looked around, his eyes finally coming to rest on the robot barkeeper. "Time Fog.
Her eyebrows can't decide whether to furrow down in anger or raise in surprise. It's a bit hilarious. "You know my dad?"
That's not why I asked.
Tony's eyes dart from sample to sample, watching FRIDAY's simulations highlight the same string of compounds in each one. The problem with Terrigenesis doesn't end with its unstable super soldier serum. The end result, what the formula ends up creating, is completely randomized from reaction to reaction. What is terrifying is that this randomization seems to be the one thing HYDRA actually
There comes a fight where Tony lands in front of him, repulsors up, and Steve doesn’t think for a moment, just puts the shield up and redirects the blasts to the enemies around him like they did their very first battle. When the area is clear and he lowers the shield, Tony’s faceplate is up and the man inside the armor is staring at him with something akin to wonder.
It cuts through Tony like a knife, that familiar desolation in his voice. "What do you want to do, Aamir?"
"You did good today, Tony. You did so good. This - I'm proud of you."
"How do you figure?" the other man says, eyes flicking between Tony's face and the gauntlet.
BANNER:
"I wanted to trust him. He came for us in Siberia and I thought 'Finally. Everything's gonna be okay.' Because Tony, you don't know this about him, but he fixes things. Makes them better than before. And I thought with Tony on our side the rest would follow and we would all be - okay, together. And it's keeping me up at night to think that Tony's on the other side of the world, thinking the exact same things about me.
And um, I guess a warning of sorts? There is a discussion in here, briefly, about Black Lives Matter and racial discrimination. I am a white person. I try to stay informed and keep my ears open, but if anything is said in here that rubs you wrong, please know that was not my intention.
TO: 521964@135.ss
"We're not robots, Fury," Steve said lowly, swallowing down the churning guilt in his stomach. "And we're not perfect. We make mistakes."
Tony hunches his shoulders. "And now so do you. You wanna see the lab or you wanna sleep?"
“So dramatic,” Steve huffs, but he releases his death grip on the railing and they sit, legs through the slots as they look out at the city, still looking at building. “It was an insurance company in my day.”
"Spoken much like a man who steals a country's natural resources when it is denied to him," T'Challa remarks dryly.
After a pause, Sam begins laughing as well. If it sounds a little choked, neither of them mention it.
They all stand when the director gets up to leave, even Tony who's glad of it when Fury stops in front of him. "I know that you don't want to hear it," Fury says gravely, and Tony tucks his chin to his chest. "But you were young, and Agent Carter had to split the difference between loving you and doing what was right for everyone else. Now matter how unfair it is, we really were trying to protect you, Mr. Stark."
Spider-Man's on the ground and Tony rises just in time to see Luke intercept one of the small deadly bombs, curling around in so when it explodes he absorbs the impact. He is thrown to the corner of the roof, hitting his head hard and collapsing, still.
"I'd like to meet the man who could handle my issues," Tony says genially. "Where can I meet the guy?"
"Tony-" she says, clambering to her feet. "We can't stay like this forever. This is bigger than all of us, this-" She waves at the cloud, at the row of bodies Vision has brought out. "- is what the Avengers were always meant for. We have to work together."
"Good," T'Challa echoes, rising from his chair. "I have business in California that I must see to. I will return in five days to prepare for the mission." Tony gives him a grin and a wave and turns the chair with his feet so he can watch him leave. T'Challa hesitates at the door, turning back. "You could come to Wakanda yourself sometime, Tony. I promise the Dora will not eat you."
He dreams that night, of the bunker in Siberia. Bucky Barnes is missing an arm and Steve is above him, shield in both hands.
Tony stops, turns towards his best friend, looks at the circles under his eyes. "Resilience," he answers shortly. Just say one thing, just let one thing go. "I can't get the sound out of my head. The shield hitting my suit."
"Ruffle away," Tony agrees. "The Accords won't stop you."
, she doesn't say, but he can read it in the set of her chin. He'd rather she fight. "She told me that from a hospital bed that she is never going to be able to leave under her own power. We took her down;
"Totally threw that in for the soundbite value," Tony admits, and Hope snorts.
them - the Avengers, the UN, the world. If they cut off one head, two more shall rise in its place, and they have no clue as to where or when it'll happen.
Donnie's tears have frozen on his cheek and the air is so cold Tony can see his breath when he breathes out. "Guess I'm proving you right," the kid says miserably, not looking up. "Unstable. Untrustworthy. Out of control."
"The Avengers," Steve answers immediately. "Fighting alongside my team, I was happy there. I fit. But then...things started to fall apart. How's that poem go?
," Tony snaps, and he doesn't know why he's doing this, why he's being like this. "Norman Osborn is the father of one of Spider-Man's friends. Do you understand that - Spider-Man put his friend's father in jail where he died. Do you see why I have to go?"
Tony narrows his eyes, shrugs. "Nothing hurts more than the truth." Barnes' flinches a little, and they both can't look at each other suddenly.
Steve shouldn't have lost his temper. God, he missed Bucky at times like this. Sam was great, but nobody had been able to talk Steve off a ledge like Buck. He stomped off in the direction of the Time Fog; the campus had mostly cleared out of Chitauri for the night and everyone was far away, enjoying a night at the new club that had opened near the Forge. He was alone.
"Option three, Captain," Madame Hydra says through a pained, smiling gurgle, as she drops to the floor
He'd thought that Tony was spoiled, albeit with a unhealthily large dose of trauma. Thought that, given a few years and the stability of the Avengers, Tony would grow out of it. He'd never thought Tony's motivation came from something like this.
Their missions will be screened beforehand by the council that's slowly being set up but the Accords allow for the immediate guarantee that any country who signs has accepted any structural damage that might be caused in their operations, and the UN will help negotiate with every country that hasn't.
He is quite protective of his tech, as you can imagine. And he has many questions for Barnes.
Steve hangs his head. "Which, I guess happened anyway, huh? Where was Captain America when the world needed him? Hiding out in the jungle from his friends. I still, I can't believe that they did that. I know Tony thought he was protecting us, but Tony always thinks that and half the time we end up in worse shape than when we started; look at Ultron. Tony and his best intentions and what do we get? A killer indestructible robot. How was I supposed to trust him?"
Slowly, clumsier than anything else he's ever seen the man do, Bucky takes it. "I'll call," he says. Promises. A dark voice in the back of Tony's mind laughs.
"Your team is more than welcome to come. As for the Winter Soldier, SHIELD has experience dealing with victims of HYDRA. We can help. Or, should you choose to let him stay with King T'Challa, you'll find your way back here anytime you wish."
“Do you remember that massive explosion that took out their entire left flank around two hours ago?”
But Steve didn't want to hear the logic of this particular twist. It was - no, it didn't even bear thinking about. That would never be them, that would never be Steve. Never break, never yield. "Let's," he pleaded. "Let's just make stories of our own. Can't I just be your Stevie, and you'll be my Bucky?"
"That's what she said," Tony quips, not wanting to discuss this particular act of do-gooding. Just saying it makes him feel like he's burying his mother all over again. "I need the evidence from Siberia. Ross got the video from Zemo but Zemo knew how to trigger Barnes. He knew about the brainwashing. The evidence has to be out there, and maybe it won't be enough to clear Barnes but it'll definitely reduce his sentence. Rogers can let him plead insanity, get him some proper help. I know Barnes isn't any better or else T'Challa wouldn't be eyeing BARF like the cat and the canary." Natasha's eyes flicker with something dark - doubt or maybe guilt. "C'mon, Nat, Ty will eat it up. The public loves a good underdog story."
"That would be creepy."
“Exactly.”
"Everything sounds threatening in Russian.
Tony highly doubts that. Everett Ross through a huge fit when he figured out what his favorite agent had pulled, no way the man didn't put a fatwa on her for every other agency out there. "FRIDAY, run a search on our illustrious Ms. Carter. Everyone else, poker faces at the ready."
Tony knows he should be honest since Vision was, but he can't. There are some things he still needs to hold close. "You know, I'd really just settle for not dreaming about snow."
HE STOLE MY SHIELD:
He made a mistake dragging Peter to that fight.
“That shield doesn’t belong to you,” Tony growls, and Steve’s heart breaks. “You don’t deserve it.”
"Fuck you, Vision. I can't believe you're just sitting here. Do you know what he did to us?
“She got sober?” I ask hopefully, wondering if the brave, brilliant woman Tony so admired and adored ever really existed.
"Out of love! Besides, he made up for when he saved your life."
The fact is, Tony knows he made a mistake bringing Peter to Germany. But he couldn't have prevented the encounter with the Green Goblin and he wouldn't have tried to; Spider-Man had saved a lot of lives that day. Peter
“Yeah, sure,” Tony says. “I mean, c’mon, you know better than me. The Chrysler Building. And that one over there-”
"I have evidence of what HYDRA did. Physical, testimonial. I can and will do this without you, because if I can win-"
Tony takes in a deep breath, hears when his decreased lung capacity cuts the air short, that small choking sensation he's grown so used to after seven years. "If it wasn't the war it'd be something else. Before, it was the portal, or Pepper falling. Before that it was Afghanistan or Stane. Before them, it was the car crash. My last goodbye to my parents. Did you know -"
Tony doesn't say any of that because Natasha will not ever be ready to hear it. "I'm not giving anything to you, Romanov, you're one of the smartest people I know; you've worked with the Avengers for years. You are the best person for the job. We're not - we're not like we were and -" something flashes in Natasha's eyes and Tony takes a deep breath. "Nat, I need your help here."
"Or maybe next time I could pick the movie?"
This chapter will be re-edited in the morning when I'm no longer sick of looking at it. Any mistakes, please just bear with me for about twelve hours.
No. Just tell Sam.
He is out the door in the next second, five feet down the hall, then ten, then he is drifting to the side, putting a hand to the wall and beating a mindless rhythm against it until his elbow buckles from the force of his shaking. His shoulder hits first, then his back, and it sends a shock of hurt through his chest that lingers. Then his feet give out from underneath him, and he slides down the wall.
"You're gonna be just fine, you're gonna be okay, just let go-"Her torso bulges horrifically and her legs melt off the bed and down to the floor and Tony is crying even as he pumps enough drugs into her to kill a normal man.
"Who are you when you're not weighed down by the guilt, the anger?" He can hear his father but he can't see him, can't turn away from the delicate working happening underneath his hands. "Where will you go without it to keep you on the ground?"
"You know Cassie Lang?"
Ultron looks at it in its hand. "What, this?" Without another word it crushes it into pieces. "I'm not after that." Tony watches in horror as it shakes the pieces of the arc reactor from its articulated hand and reaches back for Tony's chest.
Tony nods. "And shared among a trusted few. To make sure we all know what we're up against. Man cannot live on e-mail alone." There were many things he regretted about the fighting back in May, but what haunts him most looking back is how little any of them knew, how easily they allowed each other to become sitting ducks for whoever wanted to pick them off. Steve could have done better,
VISION:
Bucky hummed a happy agreement and they strolled home like they were walking on clouds, each lost in their own imagination.
, had to make up his mind to let this happen and say
"I knew both your parents. Your mom was pretty great - last time I saw your dad he was in our foyer screaming bloody murder at my father. I was eighteen then; anybody who had the balls to bitch out Howard was my idol. Not the point. The point is that you don't have to do this. You don't have to sign. With Barton's trial, we've set a precedent to get Scott Lang and Wanda Maximoff back in the States within the year."
If his mother died for this to be the outcome - Jesus, that is
"Five AM. And I believe Agent Romanov has it well in hand for now. Laura Barton is looking for you, however."
"You made me one of these?" Steve asked as he sat. It felt like sitting on a particularly firm cloud.
Steve glances to where Bucky lays dormant. "Him, safe. And I wanted to do what I promised Dr. Erskine. I promised to stay who I was. Am. 'Not a perfect soldier, but a good man.' I didn't want to just follow orders and fall in line. I tried it once, when I woke up here, I thought it would help, but it only made things worse. The people in charge have changed, or maybe its me. The world's a lot...louder now. Messier, more gray. I don't know where I fit in that."
"I want him in my custody yesterday, Stark!"
"I will see you this coming week. I would like to see this trial," he says, not a snarl but a near thing, and the screen goes black. Tony stares at the dark panel for a very long moment and then it's as if all the fight leaves him in a moment.
"Happy endings all around." Tony toasts with the glass he has yet to fill. The weight is a comfort nonetheless.
he was of Tony in those moments, how terrifying it was for a man that smart to be mindless in his rage. (How terrifying it was even later, when he couldn't help but recall the fight blow by blow, and realize that wasn't Tony
Pepper casts a doubtful glance between him and Peter and opens her mouth to protest once more before thinking better of it. She squeezes Tony's hand one last time and dusts off her pants before heading down to the car and Tony gulps twice before facing the kid.
- to the phone that Bucky's now using to call him.
Steve stared at him for a few more seconds, trying to work out what had just happened; things fell out of the Time Fog all the time, but usually Professor Pym could predict their arrival or Director Fury would send a team to recover and, if necessary, restrain.
A harsh laugh and a ‘fuck, no’ answered him. “I believe the universe – universes, I guess – have one hell of grudge for me, though,” he continued, pulling back. “And I – I know my dreams. This isn’t one of them. God
"He does." She drops her spoon into her bowl with a final-sounding 'clank' and fixes him with a frank stare. "Thanks to you. You pulled through, Tony."
"What he didn't get to tell you is that Tony got in between that gun and Janet," Rhodes said. "Janet doesn't
"You do good work, Peter, don't let anyone ever tell you differently."
“Perfectly,” Steve whispers. Then, to Tony: “I always had a good memory, but after the serum-”
"It's bullshit, you know," a voice calls out from the door. Steve swears Sam has a sixth sense for any unhealthy emotion.
Tony sits back in his chair. "Then what should happen, Peter, if you're out Spider-Manning-"
In the end he even enlists Rhodey to help him look at the bomb while he and Bruce break down the chemical formula of the terrigen mists. "You'd think after Red Skull, the Abomination, and
“Of course, Mama,” Steve swore, blithe but earnest. “I won’t let go.”
. And so did I."
. Or I would have been. The Avengers are my team. I told Steve we would work on the Accords, but he didn't listen. I told him we would get you psychiatric help, but
"I know," Steve murmurs; he can hear everything Bucky's not telling him. Bucky, apparently, isn't satisfied with that, though.
Tony takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly. "Okay," he whispers. "Okay. Let's do it, then." He pulls her along, opens the door to the room, and says "Anyone who has never willingly jumped off a building please exit the room!" His crack team of lawyers exchange confused but relieved glances and file out of the room as Natasha and Tony take seats on the opposite side of the table from Clint.
Bucky, of course, doesn't reply, but Steve can still hear his reply loud and clear. He'd say stop feeling sorry for yourself, Punk, you did the best you could.
Kamala's face glitches and shakes on the HUD as the suit recovers from being smacked between her atrociously large hands. They're normal sized now, and reaching for him but he waves her off, content to just lie there for awhile.
"Why didn't you let them go?" Fury asks directly to Tony, but it is Vision who speaks up.
"These are very dangerous times, Captain, and putting all my eggs into one basket, especially a basket as volatile as you or Stark, would not be in anyone's best interest." Fury shakes his head and for one brief moment he looks incredibly sad, but it flickers away so fast Steve thinks he might have imagined it. "HYDRA isn't as careful as they used to be, Rogers. They're acting like they've got nothing left to lose, now. I've seen what Terrigenesis can do when it succeeds. They're trying to build an army out of it and as soon as they figure out the formula, they'll have it. We have to stop them before that happens."
. From most perspectives, Tony's perfectly within his rights to be pissed at Steve for all eternity. But even that mad craze that seized him in Siberia, that wasn't righteous. It was just pain. And it disappeared the moment Steve did, leaving Tony in the dirt.
! Tony, well, that's no big surprise, once a Merchant of Death but you, Tasha - I thought you'd changed."
Wildly, Steve lashed out at the Fog, jumping back a little when instead of whipping through the mist, the shield bounced back as if hitting something solid. The Fog condensed and sharpened for a moment, growing darker and darker, and then, just as soon fell completely beyond the horizon, appeared to solidify into a black mass roughly the size of a door.
"I need his help. Everyone does. He - the serum. I need his blood."
And there. There is an odd sort of rote to her words, like she's said them one too many times.
It is so very quiet that Bruce's sharp exhale sounds like a hurricane. A long moment, and then he nods.
“Tony-”
"No," Steve says. "Just asking you to join me. Join us." He points towards the data. "The Avengers - the other team - sent us this intel, asking us to track down Madame Hydra's supplier. They think HYDRA might have a mole; I'm thinking they're right. But we have to work together on this, or we all fall. I know that better than most. The Avengers are making the public plays; we fight the battles they can't see. But we do it together. And I can't do that without you." He looks to each of them, Diamondback last.
“I half expected it would never end.”
He’d thought those night had gotten better in the last few weeks. He’d thought he could maybe carve out a place here. And if he was to be honest, which he always tried to be, he knew a good portion of that was down to Tony Stark helping him find his feet. After that huge blowup over the Legion, Stark had tried, in his own backwards way, to be more understanding.
Bucky bleeds out dark blue. Howard is in Tony's ear, hissing
opportunities Steve and Tony have given me to observe their, um,
HYDRA has them running around in circles, chasing after shadows. All this time Fury was planning to divide and conquer when HYDRA was probably happy to let his soldiers take out their rogue faction. It never seems to stop. Steve's always one step behind.
Tony leans forward to the part she is indicating, blinking bright white. "So here's where it starts," he murmurs to himself.
"What we had to," she replies with a smile. She lowers the whip and raises her other hand. "I told them I had you in my sights but they wouldn't listen to me. Once I bring them your blood, once I prove myself, we can start down the right path. Your team will not escape in time and I have very little to lose. Make the trade, Captain, and I will let you all live."
"Sure thing, Fry, but what do you think?"
She looks at him for a long time, long enough for T'Challa to come back and find them both lingering in each other's orbit, afraid to upset this unsteady peace. "Miss Maximoff. I was wondering where you were. Okibe has been asking for you. Sergeant Barnes is ready to see you, Tony."
They grinned at each other, unaware of their friends all around them breathing sighs of relief. After the blowup - and make up - over Independence Day, the two Avengers' relationship had much improved, although there were still several days where they rubbed each other the wrong way. Steve still got on Tony's case for not taking things seriously enough and relying on his tech and Tony still grew frustrated when Cap seemed stuck in the past or too set in his ways. Things were still touch and go, but for the most part, they were good, great, even. One could even go so far as to call them friends.
"...and that's how we took down the Archon of Imperi VI," Gamora finished with a self-satisfied grin as Natasha and Sam leaned back in their seats impressed. The spy actually raised an eyebrow, which, for anyone who knew her, spoke to how impressed she was.
Hope's suit is making his hand itch.
Tony chooses to punctuate this tirade with a repulsor blast, and before Goblin can recover from that Peter is on him, slinging out web after web, pushing him further towards the edge. "Spider-Man," Tony calls out. "Take him down, now. We're done here."
"And I know what you said about me," Tony says in a near whisper. "That I'm controlling cause I'm scared. Maybe you're right, whatever, I don't know. Even if that were true, I wouldn't be able to figure out how not to be."
"The Accords are at T'Challa's disposal," Tony says evenly.
Tony marched forward, intent on getting around him. "I'm gonna burn the stupid thing, what else?" He reached out, ready to snatch it up, when Tiberius caught him, one hand after the other. "Let go!"
Steve tries to say, but he can't get it out. Because being that man is exhausting. Captain America, man out of time, always missing people and losing time and fighting everyday relentlessly, always living up to an impossible image.. Captain America should have died in 1945 but Steve Rogers just keeps on surviving, carrying the mantle of a corpse.
"But - you went away! With Captain America!"
"Damn straight. You know I'm with you." As Steve claps him on the shoulder, Sam points at the cryo chamber. "And him?"
- the Avengers -
The serum was to help, if Howard thought the help would be used honestly, but it would be on his terms. Maybe, in that, Tony can find someone to live with what his father has done, even by accident. He'd been a lot of things, and a good man was seldom among that number, but he was never evil, or an idiot.
"Are you fighting to satisfy your morality or are you fighting for those in need?" Fury clarifies, biting off each word as they fall from his mouth. Steve just stares at him for a moment, sideswiped by the question, and Fury's gaze softens. "What did you fight for, against Stark? Was it Barnes? To stop Zemo? To oppose the Accords?"
"I think he'd like that, Tony. I think he'd like it a lot."
"Call me Rhodey and you've got a bet, kid."
"I've sent out feelers for positions at Stark Industries. You could play the talented Ms. Rushman again," he said with a grin. "If they don't bite, we might have to go to them. Maybe its nothing, but - there's something up about the whole thing. Call me paranoid-"
"Yessir," Peter slurs. A few seconds and then: "Floor's on fire. There's a elevator, I'm on floor thirteen."
In the end, he heads back out with Jessica Jones to help the firefighters, which Jessica says is ostensibly to build up good PR for her now that she's thrown herself into this Accords business. When its over he stays by her side while she flies shakily to the roof and they sit up there eating congratulatory donuts.
Tony takes the pain of December 1991 and shoves it back down deep. "If we can get you cleared, if we can show the world that Cap fought to save an innocent man, not just for the bombings but everything else, the tide will turn in our favor," he explains, speaking just a bit too quickly. He's showing too many cards.
as her only child shivered and shook through his illnesses. She held him through every one. She had sat at the side of dozens of deathbeds in that little room, only to wake and start anew. And she’d happily do it again, a thousand times more. Steve was her son.
Vision and Rhodey approve of her with little reservation and Peter's enthusiasm cannot be contained.
FRIDAY is silent. Oh god, that sound is
"You don't speak HYDRA-ese like I do, Cap. How 'bout you watch my back instead?"
it's irrational, but I still feel it. Because it's Tony." And Steve starts laughing, so hard it feels like it cracks something inside him. "And I don't know if you know this, but its a lot easier to blame someone else than yourself."
When they touch down, T'Challa brings him into the same little lobby from the first time here and once again bids Tony to wait. It's quiet this time of night, everything shut down so that all that is left is the subtle hum of the machinery powering the building. It's why Tony can hear the footsteps coming down the hall before they enter the room, why he can hear when they stop abruptly. He turns with a strained smile. "Well that didn't take very-"
Tiny Gwen Stacy, bleeding from a cut on her forehead, is pushing through the crowd to come stand before him. Out of the corner of his eye Tony sees Spider-Man lean out of War Machine's grip towards her before remembering himself.
So Steve stands and walks to Bucky. Pulls him up and shoulders the burden, begins the long walk out, when he hears scraping behind him, a sharp inhale. Tony, picking up the cue. He pauses.
Tony thinks of Barnes, scrambling for the roof before Tony blasted the hatch shut. "I know."
Steve stared at him, the lines on his face, the slump of his shoulders. He looked so defeated, and it was a look he wore comfortably. Familiar. "What happened to you?" he whispered.
Rhodey's hand is cool on the back of his neck and Tony chokes on his next inhale, doubling over. Sharon is nowhere to be found, even though they had just been speaking.
"Captain George Stacy," the man supplies. "We've got helicopters and firetrucks inbound but we're glad for the assistance, Iron Man."
"Captain Rogers," Fury says, looking him up and down before eyeballing the crowd. "And assorted company. Your Highnesses."
He'll dream anyway.
"Tony, this is Captain Carol Danvers," Rhodey says when he gets closer. Carol stands - she's taller than him, dammit - and sticks out a hand.
"Do you know who this is? This is Iron Man, AKA he who
"Give it
BANNER:
"Because he hurt people, Peter," Tony says, finally standing. Peter sways, wanting to step back from the ferocity, wanting to be protected by it, too. "He nearly killed Gwendolyn Stacy-"
"Let me go," he rasps out, and the robot laughs at him, fingers digging and twisting into the arc reactor and it hurts, it hurts so much.
"Yeah, man," Donald agrees. "You've got a built-in theme song. I'm Blizzard. I'm a Dairy Queen treat."
"We're the only superhero team," Kamala says teasingly, and he grins at her, thrilled beyond measure when she grins back.
Kamala gives a bonafide squeal at that and scampers over to the boys, full of questions for Peter about costuming tips. Tony recalls a red hoodie and some goggles and questions the collective good judgement happening over there before turning back to the armor making a few more adjustments. He lets the kids' chatter become idle, strangely pleasant background noise as he works. He doesn't touch the color blue, but he tries a few designs that re-incorporate some red back into the black and gold. It looks good, almost too good to his eyes, like an indulgence.
Scott pulls away and wipes at his eyes again before reaching down and gathering all his papers together. He hesitates and then hands Hope van Dyne's Accords to Steve, waiting until he has a firm grip. "I think you need them more than me," he says. He takes one last look around and sighs to himself. "Well. Hopefully T'Challa can arrest international criminals."
, Tony reminds himself viciously, as Ultron gives an indolent yank and removes the plug.
Communication goes, of course, to Natasha, and she promises to forward Rogers their plans and advice on the matter, but they won't be able to survive on e-mail and encrypted texts forever. A system will have to be built.
"It's fine," he repeats, laying his hand on her shoulder with a smile. "And I'm willing to bet Bucky appreciates it - he's always been a soft touch for a pretty girl. But it's still his mind, Wanda, and right now he can't say no, you see?"
Wanda sits beside Scott on the couch while Sam hovers behind them, arms crossed as they watch Tony leave Stark Industries in a crowd of paparazzi, clinging tight to Pepper Pott's hand. The scroll at the bottom informs Steve that SI's stocks have been fluctuating wildly in the three days since the video was released, the public apparently both eager to show their support of the Avenger and wary of what this could do to him.
So, for the first time ever, let me clarify: I do not always share Tony's position on certain topics. I believe Steve was fighting for what he thought was right in a very roundabout messed up kinda way but the point still stands. (Actually the point is Tony is so twisted up he doesn't know who Steve is anymore)
"Here, and here," he points out at two separate reports. "HYDRA mentions 'making successful contact.'"
"He calls himself Iron Man."
me that he agrees. There is nothing worse.
FRIDAY doesn't have to pause, doesn't have to think, because she is thought itself.
"I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about, Captain," Fury says dryly. "And I suspect you don't either."
i figured. you shouldnt have done that to him.
It was then, as the Academy was still smoking, that the HYDRA helicarrier appeared on the horizon, a man at its' helm that Steve thought he had defeated long ago, and once and for all: The Red Skull.
"We did not do
“Only if I wanted Howard to rise from his grave and strangle me,” Tony jokes, startled a bit when Steve suddenly goes tense, his grip white-knuckled around the shield.
Kamala comes to him.
Tony watches as he carefully doesn't step where he thinks the caskets might be. "This is them. 'S been them for twenty five years."
Months later, almost a year, he’ll be caught with Sam and Clint in Western Europe and they’ll be brought before the United Nations to be tried for violations against the new Avengers’ Accords and several sovereign states. Tony arrives at some point before the trial, Rhodey at one shoulder and Vision at the other, and watches him with the same wide dark eyes Steve dreams about on the nights he can sleep. Steve hopes for one wild moment that Tony is here to help them like he once swore to do in a Berlin conference room.
Steve. What happened?
Tony can feel his mouth twist in an uncomfortable grimace. "And what if I can't do that, either?"
"Back with you? What exactly do you want with him?" Tony straightens up so he looms over Coulson.
His mother never came back. She is never coming back. And Tony realizes that in this moment, Barnes understands that even better than him. He doesn't want absolution any more than Tony wants to forget his own blood-soaked past. He doesn't know what Barnes wants. Maybe the same thing Tony does: redemption.
Tony tries not to think of how Pietro looked the last time he saw the man, dead at Clint's feet. Why didn't Tony send him out in armor? Had he still been that angry or was it-
Twenty seconds later, she picks up. "'Agent Secretary.'
He looks up, looks out, to see Avengers strewn across the place. They sleep and do not wake. His eyes fall on Steve, whose uniform is as dusty as his shield. Tony itches to wipe it clean, but he must build.
"If we could use it," Tony says, a last ditch that should have been the first thing to occur to him and he couldn't hate himself more. "To find a cure for Terrigenesis. Not everyone is as lucky as Kamala." He sees Bruce's head lift.
Bucky rubbed his back lightly and, quick as lightning, dropped a kiss on his cheek. He had started doing that recently; like the last dozen times, it nearly made Steve's heart beat out of his chest. The older boy pulled away and looped his arm around Steve's shoulders, setting them to a walk again. "I'll be your Bucky any day. My Stevie," he crooned.
"Answer it," he chokes, and the phone connects. "Stark."
He rounded the corner, heading towards Club A to maybe shoot a few rounds of pool and lose a staring contest with the robot bartender when the Time Fog rippled. There was no better word for it. A sound began to emanate from its depths, sounding uncannily like wheels of a train racing along a track. Steve rushed forward, shield raised, but just as soon as it had begun, it faded. The night was quiet.
It's all fancy speech and the more shrewd of the population will realize this, but Tony is essentially magic when you place him in front of camera. Most of the world will be eating out of the palm of his hand, ready to fight the good fight with him. Tony once told him that was the key to any good support: make it into a fight, and then make the fight
"Please," is all Tony says, and Bruce shuts up, breathes deep, lets go of Tony.
and very warm beside him. "I'm sorry I couldn't be there. It didn't turn out exactly like we wanted, I know."
? The Spiderling is corrupting you, Romanov."
"Oh, tons. Almost eight percent if my math is right, and it always is. Higher firepower, a more concentrated beam-"
Steve shrugs. “Thought I might skip it.”
“I guess we’ll find out, Iron Man.”
"If they can't have them, no one can," Tony surmises grimly. Panther's claws scrape horribly across his own suit.
"They were nice," she says with a shrug. She won't meet his eyes. "Dr. Banner says I'm going to be different now."
Science is the purest thing in this world, the one thing Tony can always trust; its failure always lay at the feet of the human brain tasked with translating it to the outside world. The BARF, at the end of the day, is a machine built to help people handle traumatic memories. That is its function, its purpose. Tony cannot stand in the way of that, corrupt it with his feelings. He will not be the place where BARF fails.
nearly," Tony insists. "He threw her off a rooftop and he would've done a lot worse to everybody else up there and Peter - Peter, I won't take away your right to feel sorry for the man, to regret what happened to him, because you, you clearly loved the Osborns. When I looked over, and Obie was
, his father used to tell him, handing back the little machine a small Tony had proudly brought to the lab, now all fixed and modified to Howard's expectations. But they weren't good as new. They were
Peter was drunk and angry. Livid that his fate was once again being sealed without his permission. He expected more from his parents but then again, doesn’t everybody? Everybody gets disappointed by their parents. They constantly wish that their parents would try more, be better.
Tony was in no better shape himself. He was heavily crying, tears and snot running down his face as his jaw trembled from the sobs he tried to keep within himself.
Peter had been a shell since then. Used up, borrowed and pathetically stitched back together. He was a yard sale, everything at least 70 per cent off, yet, no one was coming to take.
”What’s going on here?” Steve’s voice asked as Tony was helping Peter into his room. ”Peter’s gonna take a nap,” Tony whispered to Steve, hoping the man wouldn’t notice how drunk Peter was. ”Dad got me drunk so I’d tell him that your friend sexually assaulted me,” Peter slurred rather loudly as he pushed himself out of Tony’s grasp into his own room and bed.
Peter’s mind was a battlefield. With every step, you could stumble into a landmine of self-doubt and hate. You could set off a nuclear bomb of such deep disgust with one’s self that it was better to not walk at all.
”And you don’t have to,” Tony said as he stood up too. ”Can I help you up the stairs?” Tony asked Peter.
Four days into Peter’s door-less life, he got an itch. An itch for a new line. For a new boundary. Peter was now actively scratching on his scars, healing and healed ones, hoping to ease the itch, find a new boundary. He had been scratching for over a week, clawing his arms and legs raw.
Peter was being used again. His story was being changed and taken away from him. But his dad had decided that it was time for Peter to open up. For Peter to spill his secrets and Peter had to accept that.
It would take Peter months to understand that it was never too late to change your own narrative. Yes, his life and story had been taken away from his control but he had to accept that. He was young, he had his whole life in front of him.
Tony’s reaction didn’t surprise Peter either. Tony was always the emotional one. The one who showed love with gestures. Giving things. Tony wasn’t the best parent– no parent is perfect, but Tony got points for attempts. Tony was gentle and loving as a dad despite having the reputation of being an asshole to everyone.
”Fucking shit,” Tony and Steve heard Peter yell as he dropped a pan. They both sighed to stifle their laughter.
Peter would never be a person again.
Why? Peter felt like his narrative was being changed again. His story was being pushed in a direction which he did not want to go in. He had, once again, lost control. He was being used.
Steve and Tony sat in the informal living room, Steve massaging Tony’s sore feet with one hand as the other held his cup of coffee. Tony was reading out loud the titles of the news articles, occasionally reading a few articles out loud if Steve so asked.
How could walls hold so much suffering and still hold up the house? That was a question Peter thought about more often than not.
Peter who was their son and in pain.
Peter staggered back to the spot on the couch that he had sat in, feeling satisfied with the distance he had with his dad.
”Yeah I get that but he didn’t just get drunk. He got drunk under your supervision,” Steve shot back, arms crossed over his chest as he leaned against Peter’s doorframe. ”And I just have one thing to say about that: why? You didn’t stop him because you wanted him drunk. Why?” Steve’s voice was calm, demanding.
Steve would grab Tony’s phone and call the first person he could think of. His friend, Bucky Barnes. He had seen a therapist as a part of the deal he made with the government. Bucky would give the number for the woman he had seen all those years ago, telling Steve that she might not be the right person to help Peter but it would be a good start.
Tony missed that little boy. His little boy. The kid who went for seconds when it came to lasagna and love. Tony didn’t know that boy who was passed out in the room next to him. His little boy had died, a long time ago.
Peter dug his teeth into his lips as he began to taste his own tears and snot. The name wouldn’t come out. And if it did, it would do so followed by stomach acid and whiskey.
Tony smiled at the boy as he turned to face his husband. ”I think you’re right,” he said and placed a loving kiss on Steve’s cheek.
Peter went home after two days. His door was taken off of the hinges, along with the door to his bathroom. Peter would’ve appreciated a different approach but rather this than a feeding tube and being on suicide watch.
”Please let me help you,” Peter’s dad pleaded as he watched his son struggle. ”Touch my back and I’ll punch you,” Peter threatened, shoving his finger in Tony’s face to get his message across.
Then the man shifted and Peter felt how hard the man was. How he was pushing himself against Peter and Peter couldn’t fucking move or think. Hardly breathe even.
He clothed himself in clothes way too big for him. ”One day, when I’m perfect, I’ll wear something right and they’ll all see how good I’ve become. How pure and loveable,” Peter would say on more than one occasion as he stared at himself.
Whore
Just last week Peter’s teacher was walking next to him and their hand brushed up against Peter’s back. He wasn’t in his school hallway then. He was in a bathroom, crying his eyes out as the loud music from the ballroom next door rattled the mirror in the bathroom.
”It’s of no use. Nothing will change. You can’t undo anything or fix anything,” Peter said, tears threatened to spill from his eyes. He hadn’t cried in such a long time. So why now? He knew how this would end. He was once again forced to give up control.
But Tony demanded again and again and again until the name left Peter’s lips with a strangled cry.
So Steve put his Captain face on. ”What we can do now is help Peter. Get him a therapist or something,” Steve said, stepping towards Tony. He was staring at the picture they had taken at the wedding.
Peter nuzzled his face against his soft pillows and blankets and wondered how he could ever have dreaded sleep. Peter didn’t notice the eerie silence he had left behind, Steve with more questions than there were answers and Tony who knew he was royally fucked.
Peter didn’t need a lot to get drunk. He hadn’t eaten in god knows how long and was frail, to begin with. As he stood, all his blood rushed to his head, along with the alcohol as Peter made every effort to find his room.
”I don’t know who he is anymore. I don’t know if that’s my kid anymore. But I know for a damn fact that I did not raise him to threaten to punch people if they touched him,” Tony cried. He was just so heartbroken over all of it. Where had he gone wrong? Where could he have done better?
Then Peter had to go into detail about what happened. He had to describe how he had stood next to him. And then his hand was on Peter’s back and he couldn’t fucking move. He couldn’t breathe. Much less so when there was a hand on his ass, tugging on his muscles there.
They knew that this little boy was going to sit on the edge of his bed that very same evening and open the packet with shaking hands. He was going to roll up his left sleeve and press against the skin on his arm until it broke. He would then trace a long horizontal line on his arm, leaving behind crimson pearls as a sign of ”mission success”. He was going to buzz with excitement despite the rising anxiety in his chest. This was his thing, a personal something no one would take away from him.
Steve’s voice was deep, creating a steady rumble on his chest. Tony felt each vibration and intake of breath. In Steve’s arms, he was safe without the suit of armour. He was just Tony instead of The Tony. Sometimes Tony failed to understand what made him wait all those years to say ”I do” to Steve Rogers.
Sometimes, Peter had wondered, what would happen if he cut his throat. Just once or twice though. But that night, the thought became something more. An urge.
No one understood. No one had been wronged as he had. Peter was the odd one out. The one with the robbed identity, humanity and childhood.
Tony seemed to shrink before his eyes. Trying to hide. Tony bit his lip, fighting to keep the answer for himself just for a second more. His eyes caught a framed picture of Peter on the beach, building the largest sandcastle Tony had ever seen in his life. He spent over an hour with the moats alone.
Including that one night. That night Peter had gone all out. A week after the incident at the school. Peter had properly freaked out as the teacher’s hand had brushed up against his back. A harmless touch, meant no hurt and Peter still go worked up.
Peter never answered.
”I’m not trying to fix anything. I’m trying to help,” Tony’s voice said. Peter now noticed that the living room was silent. Tony had turned his show off.
Past touches lingered on his skin like scars. Harsh words stung like his skin did every time he took a shower. He’d scrub himself from head to toe at least twice a day, yet, still dirty. Still filthy.
Tony only hummed in response, continuing to read the article about polar bears out loud for Steve.
It happened right then and there. He had been used like a tissue and then thrown away. In front of everyone. Everyone saw and no one did anything. So unfair. It didn’t make any sense. Why Peter? Why Peter? He wasn’t even that good-looking. (Peter knew the last part was bad and made no sense but it still worked its way into Peter’s mind when he thought about it).
”Your son just tells you that he was sexually assaulted and you get on about him being drunk. Do you understand how insane that is?” Tony asked, whispering yelling. Sometimes Tony failed to understand what made him say ”I do” to Steve Rogers.
But then. That man just had to come onto Peter. He just had subtly brush up against Peter, press his big calloused hand on Peter’s back, make sure that Peter would feel that touch for literal years on his skin. He just had to slither his hand further down Peter’s body.
Peter was an unsolved mathematical equation.
”Who touched you?” Tony’s voice was rough, shaking and uncertain. Peter hated it. For making his dad sound so broken.
Objects don’t eat, so why should Peter? He didn’t deserve to eat, to feel full or happy. If someone were to touch him, they would feel all his rolls and that wouldn’t be too good. No, Peter needed to be beautiful for when the next time came. He needed to be prepared.
Four months after his attempt and after a little over three months of therapy, Peter pulled out his favourite recipe. The Shawarma.
”You could afford getting a few inches off of your hips. You should figure out how to carve out that double chin,” Peter would say on more than one occasion as he stared at himself.
He had nearly pounced at the nearest wall, gasping for air as his head seemed to weigh a ton, his eyes burned with unshed tears. A panic attack right then and there, unsure of where he was and what was happening.
Steve felt disgusted as he noticed what the man was doing. Steve would’ve rather gone back in the ice than to see what he was then seeing. He hesitated. ”Peter!” Steve called out, wanting to make it seem as careless as possible.
Besides, what good would any of it do? It wasn’t illegal to dry hump someone in public. Not for Peter’s knowledge at least.
”I think he’s going to be okay,” Tony heard Steve say. He too was seeing how Peter was moving along the rhythm of the music in the subtlest way possible.
”You know, the only reason he probably still is alive is because of what you taught him,” Steve suddenly said, shifting the air in the hallway they were stood in. Steve had been concerned for Peter. For literal years. But unlike Tony, Steve had known. For the lack of a better word, Steve had been stupid.
Steve and Tony both watched as Peter stumbled into bed, snoring fairly quickly. ”Well at least he’s sleeping,” Tony said, hoping to ease the tension he had created in his husband.
Peter didn’t know if he wanted to die per se. He had thought that if and when he’d die, he’d die in his sleep. His heart would give out because he had nothing in his body– not that it was too far from the truth. Peter had occasionally felt afraid of falling asleep because he was scared he’d die in his sleep.
When your son hasn’t spoken a word in two weeks, the first words you hear shouldn’t be ”I want to peel my skin off of my bones,” but Tony had been dealt worse cards in the game of life and fatherhood before.
Before, Peter had been an average 14-year old boy, a kid. But now, Peter was something more– no, Peter was something so far less than he had ever been. Maybe not even human.
Peter’s throat felt sore as he laid there, only then did he remember the episode. Fucking idiot, Peter told himself. There was a huge bandage around Peter’s throat.
Peter didn’t feel like a person most of the time. He felt like an object, used and broken.
It was a huge thing for Peter when he realised he could go up and down, not just side to side. He started doing it when he read online that it was harder to stitch shut if you did it vertically.
Tony and Steve both pressured Peter to eat, whether it was with them or with the team. ”You lost the ability to speak, not to hear boy!” Steve would yell after Peter as he stomped up the stairs to his doorless room.
First Peter wasn’t a child anymore. Then he wasn’t even human.
The first words to leave Tony’s mouth as he saw Peter was somewhere between ”Jesus Christ” and ”what the actual fuck”. Then. Deafening silence.
One reason Peter was wary of giving the name was the fact that his dads both knew him, after all, the man had been at the wedding. Peter didn’t know how they’d take the news. Would they even believe him?
He didn’t notice as Peter dove the blade into his neck. Blood painted the white ceramic tile as Peter stumbled back. He gasped for air as his bare back came in contact with the cold floor, Tony being only barely fast enough to cradle Peter’s head.
Despite many efforts, Peter could only make it six steps– tops. He then stumbled into a sitting/leaning position on the stairs.
After that, nothing had been the same. His dads gave him long stares, pushed the matter on multiple occasions.
Peter was fucked.
Steve listened as Tony read the article. His voice blended in nicely amongst the sounds of meat sizzling on a pan and onions being cut. ”Shh, do you hear that?” Steve suddenly interrupted Tony. ”What?” Tony asked, confused why his reading was being interrupted.
”I think I need to call Natasha,” Tony suddenly said, pushing out of Steve’s hold. He’d fuck up that man’s life it was the last thing he ever did. Steve cringed. He knew that there was no hiding.
Steve could take Tony on in a fight but he couldn’t sleep on the couch.
Peter was just staring at Tony, watching as he cried. Tears were falling from Peter’s eyes too. This was it. Peter was going to die. Peter’s hands trembled as they found Tony’s jaw, making a pathetic attempt at wiping his tears away.
He didn’t stay in Steve’s that long either before excusing himself.
”I don’t want to talk about him or everything that happened ever again,” Peter suddenly said as he stumbled to his feet, swaying side to side and dropping the glass bottle in the process.
Tony moved barely an inch. ”I swear if you touch me I’ll slit my throat,” Peter threatened suddenly, surprising himself and Tony in the process. Would Peter actually do that? He didn’t know. It did do the trick with Tony though.
Peter wasn’t wearing a shirt, he wasn’t sure why since he was pretty cold. His curled hair was still wet from the shower, resting lazily on Peter’s forehead.
”I don’t want you to just take care of things. I want to figure them out with you together,” Tony was angry again, tears were long forgotten.
Tony stopped dead in his tracks. ”So you knew and didn’t tell me?” Tony asked, new tears staining his cheeks and thickening his speech. ”I didn’t want to concern you with something you didn’t need to worry about. I took care of it,” Steve tried to say, carefully going to embrace Tony again.
Peter was instructed to drink warm liquids and eat soups. Peter didn’t eat soups, rarely if ever and he certainly wasn’t going to start now.
One coping mechanism was cooking and baking, which Peter picked up after years of avoiding his old hobby. When Peter was younger, he’d bake at least twice a week. He’d go through his dad’s cooking books for a chocolate cake or a Swedish pancake batter. Then he’d turn the radio on, have his own private concert in his kitchen whilst the oven was heating up.
Every day he made sure he could close his thumb and forefinger around his wrist, at least. Later, once weeks and months became years, he could close his thumb and forefinger together at the bicep. Every day he stood in front of his mirror, marking every flaw and making sure that they would all be fixable.
Peter shook his head and began drunkenly stumbling towards the staircase. Peter needed to sleep.
How had Tony not seen? How could he not have seen this? Why hadn’t he done something? Questions and self-doubt clouded Tony’s mind. Wrapped him so tightly in a cocoon of despair that he didn’t notice.
”Peter you are a real human, a person with value. You are not an object. What he did was not okay and he will pay for what he haas done,” Tony sounded sure and Peter wasn’t at all feeling it. He never wanted to see the man again. Never ever.
It was so silent in the bathroom, with no music or air-conditioning but still, Peter didn’t hear the knock on his door. Or his dad calling out his name. Stupid, stupid Peter.
Peter didn’t speak. He wrote ”I’m sorry,” on the notepad he was offered, after that he avoided any questions because he wasn’t talking. He wouldn’t tell anyone.
”Kind of a hard thing to miss,” Steve answered, matching Tony’s level of annoyance in mere seconds. Tony’s parenting was without limits. There were no hard no’s. How could Peter grow up to be a stable adult if he were to always get what he wanted? Tony didn’t know what it was like to grow up during the war, the Great Depression. There were things he would never understand.
Because that’s what Peter saw himself as. He was repulsive. He couldn’t understand how his dads could sit at the table with him, watch every day as Peter pushed his food around. Tony was finally happy with the love of his life, Steve. And Steve was, at last, feeling at ease. Not in a war with himself or for a country.
”I want to hurt myself,” Peter stated like he was talking about the weather. ”Why?” Tony prompted the question.
”I want to peel my skin off of my bones,” Peter rasped out with his voice, the first time speaking in almost two weeks. He said it with such viciousness and hatred. Peter was angry, livid even. He was feeling moody because he couldn’t hurt himself anymore. He was angry because his routine was being disrupted. He couldn’t stand it.
Asking for it
The blond man ran to the scene, stumbling back in shock, failing to collect himself. ”Call an ambulance, now,” Tony yelled, tears freely falling down his cheeks as he desperately tried to keep Peter alive. His Peter. His son. The child he had sworn to protect, yet, miserably failed.
”I can’t help you if you don’t tell me his name,” Tony said. Peter could see how eager Tony was to get revenge. However, it wouldn’t change anything. Peter would forever be ruined. Tarnished and revolting and no one could ever love him.
The developed brain once filled with a lust for knowledge, mathematics and physics, was now a battlefield. An abandoned house with so much pain and suffering that no one would buy it. The walls of his house were painted with red, words of sadness and despair.
”And you saw him. You saw as he kept getting smaller and smaller and you didn’t bother to tell me. It takes for Peter to try and kill himself before you tell me!” Tony was yelling, breaking out of Steve’s embrace as he raced the hallway up and down.
”You think you understand but you don’t. No one does,” Peter said, regretting his words as they spewed out. He should’ve stayed quiet. ”So help me understand,” Tony’s voice was just barely as loud as a whisper but Peter heard him crystal clear.
”Tony,” Steve said, his voice echoing in the hallway. His voice was something Tony had heard before. Tony knew that tone. Steve used that tone when he knew he had screwed up.
In Peter’s sick mind, he needed to perfect himself so the people who used him could be proud of what they had done.
Peter didn’t react. Steve called his name twice after that, Peter only heard on the third. Steve gestured the boy over, pulling an arm over his shoulders while shooting the vilest look he could at the man. Peter was unmoving and tense as he stood there, eyes trained to the floor. ”What were you doing over there?” Steve found himself asking the boy.
And after, what? Three or four years? How would Steve even bring that up? Come clean?
Peter loved the easiness of it all. Every Friday after school he’d buy a six-pack of zero sugar soda and two green apples. Those would be enough for the weekend. Peter liked the routine. He didn’t have to think about what he could and couldn’t eat, it was all there, all he had to do was space it out.
Steve had seen how the close family friend had stood next to Peter in the darkness of the night, where people went out for a smoke. Steve had watched from a comfortable distance as the man’s arm shifted from his side to Peter’s back. Steve didn’t think too much about it until he caught sight of Peter’s face.
If Steve had been there, he would’ve told Peter off. Taken the bottle away and told him to spill it. But Steve wasn’t there. He was upstairs in the bedroom he shared with Tony, most likely reading a book.
He hadn’t really given that much thought about aftercare, that’s why many of his earlier edges got red-rimmed, they were the deepest from having scarred over and over again. Scratching them brought Peter another sense of relief, that he could do everywhere and no one would notice. At school, in the car with dad and pops.
For a fluttering second, Peter saw a dead body where he stood. Then he only saw himself, close to dying, however, not dead, yet. After all, a dead body meant a person and Peter wasn’t one.
Peter had once upon a time burned a spot on his back where the man’s touch would never leave. He had thought, if I lost sensation in that spot– if I burned my nerves there, would I feel him anymore?
One could imagine Peter’s disappointment as he woke up in the hospital. The deep-seated smell of disinfectant and somehow, the lack of smell. Peter rubbed the sleep out of his eyes, his arms hurting as they moved.
around, actually, I think is what I said,” she still managed to shoot back, hazel eyes sparkling with amusement. “I suppose I could have been a little more tactful,” she allowed lightly.
A few hours later, when Bucky and him had been properly treated and fed and his best friend was knocked out for the night, Steve ventured out of their shared tent. It didn’t surprise him this time, when he landed up back in front of Stark’s tent, but unlike Peggy and Bucky, he made an attempt to announce his arrival.
“Finally!” Uncle Loki was complaining, making Peter giggle slightly as he rolled his eyes and threw up his hands like Mommy sometimes did when she was yelling at Dummy. Peter was smart, though, and he saw how Mommy always patted Dummy on the head after, so he figured that the yelling was just a show of love. Uncle Loki definitely loved him, Mommy said so, even when Uncle Loki huffed and puffed like the wolf from the story. “To what end does waking you up at an ungodly hour and praying that my brother doesn’t strike me down for it, help your mother return home any faster?”
It was
but since I was confused yesterday, I was probably also confused today, about some of the other stuff I needed to take care of. Like going with you when you go away so that you don’t have to go alone.”
Toni had no more than straightened before Steve was there, and instead of helping her up, he simply hooked an arm underneath her knees, and another around her shoulders, and lifted her gently into a bridal carry. Normally, Toni would’ve protested everything about the action – very loudly and vehemently at that – but tonight, sensing as she did that Steve needed it as much as she might have, the genius only looped her arms around his neck and laid her head against his shoulder.
“Love the way you taste,” Steve growled when he finally released her nipple. He released his grip on her wrists – rumbling his appreciation when she kept them in place – and slid rough hands down to her waist, pinning her to the bed so that she couldn’t bow upwards against him. Then, with the utmost care and tenderness, he leaned down and pressed a kiss to the middle of the arc reactor. No matter how often he did it, Toni still felt a shiver race down her spine.
“Deterrent?” he asked, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees as he realized what she was saying. “You’re talking about... using the suit to end wars before they even begin?”
Coulson used his grip on her elbow to steer her away, further from her father and the demons in her mind. “HYDRA tried to time travel, is the short of it,” he answered dryly, and there was no mistaking the derision in his tone. Toni almost smiled at how irreverent the man could sound about people traveling to and from the past.
She never had relaxed days, anymore.
Tony shuddered at the encouragement, and it only took another couple strokes before the inventor was spilling all over Steve’s hand. His face, and that breathy little mewl of Steve’s name as Tony exploded, was by far the hottest thing the super soldier had seen in his lifetime. It would have been enough for him, too, but Steve learned quickly that it wasn’t in Tony’s nature not to reciprocate, as the man turned in his arms, kissed him deeply, and then proceeded to slide to his knees right then and there.
Before Steve could say anything, Bucky’s choked voice came from behind them. “
, in a manner of speaking, and also inform you that you are the sole beneficiary of his assets and wealth. He has made certain to put provisions in place that assure you will be taken care of for the rest of your natural life.”
She nodded, biting her lip with a look of shame and abject misery that Steve couldn’t stand seeing. “It has a palladium core. Ark reactors… they’re incredibly new technology, virtually unheard of especially in a size this small. Not even my dad knows I managed to build this one, because I don’t want to think about what he would try to do if he knew it could be created and even miniaturized. Because the thing is, while the power source should essentially run my heart for the equivalent of fifty lifetimes, the palladium in it was never meant to be saturated into my bloodstream. It’s caused palladium poisoning; which is seen with these black lines.”
While she was doing so, Steve spared a glance over his shoulder at the statue of the woman he’d never had the honour of meeting, but who he was suddenly a whole lot more grateful to.
Toni couldn’t help the bitter thought that swam into her head.
“Fuck, Steve,” she moaned softly as he gripped her under her thighs and lifted her easily to lock her legs around his waist. Toni pressed as close as she could, rubbing up against him with every step he took towards her bedroom. When she started to kiss down his neck, nibbling and suckling, it nearly made him lose his balance, but miraculously, he made it there and followed her down on to the bed.
Toni jerked as though she’d been electrocuted, abruptly realizing that Steve had closed the entire distance between them and was now gripping her face between his hands with utmost gentleness, but also an almost wild urgency. His blue eyes were shimmery with a sheen of tears and he looked as out of breath as she felt.
She coughed a little to clear her throat before speaking. “It’s no big deal, don’t worry about it. Getting those soldiers back safely was worth a hell of a lot more than those designs.” There was a beat of hesitation that was uncharacteristic of her, before Toni lifted her gaze back to meet his squarely. “It was really brave of you to go there,” she told him seriously, and for some reason, her words made his chest burn with pride and pleasure. “I’m glad you got back safely.”
It was amazing how one little word had the power to melt all the ice from her heart.
Worse, that the inky black lines seemed to be spiraling from it.
Eavesdropping on Tony’s conversation had been wrong, but he couldn’t keep making things worse by pretending that he hadn’t heard what he’d heard. “Why are you over me?”
“Sorry I’m late, Winghead. Revolutions always go on for longer than I expect.”
Before he could make a response, Bucky was intervening. “Hey, c’mon, you guys know the rules,” he mock complained. “No flirting between Mom and Dad while we’re on the group comms.”
In eight years, this was the first time Tony was breaking his vow. But it was okay, it had to be okay, because this was for Steve and Tony wasn’t going to let anything happen to him. Not while he could prevent it.
“Antonietta,” Howard Stark greeted her stiffly, but the expression completely dissolved into shock and happiness when his eyes landed on the super soldier behind her. “Steve...? Is that… you’re alive!”
he realized with belated anguish.
So, although it rankled him to admit it, Rhodes was probably right. Bucky, too. They’d pulled him out of a situation that he perhaps hadn’t thought all the way through, but the fact remained that they were now starting from scratch. They had no idea how the rubble had formed, or how far buried Toni and the kid were buried, or... or even if they were…
Toni handed a confused Peter to Natasha, who gracefully stepped out of the kitchen in a way that kept the child’s eyes averted from the tense scene. Without any reservation, the genius came over and forcefully inserted herself between them, pushing Clint back gently with her good hand. Steve relaxed as the motion put space between him and Clint’s knife, but he had to consciously make an effort not to curl his hand around Toni’s hip, an instinctive action he usually did when he had her back against his chest like this.
And so they had. Steve had come next, quickly growing weary of his own attempts to recover parts of the past that he still couldn’t let go of. He had shown up in the Tower without giving a thought as to what he was doing there, with a duffle bag and no idea what the reception would be. As it were, Toni had given him little more than a fleeting grin before throwing the proverbial doors wide open and casually directing JARVIS to show Steve to his floor. He had been amazed at the knowledge that Toni had designed an apartment for each of them, on their own floors, and before he could thank her, or try to make amends for the horrible first impressions they’d made on each other, she was giving him an access card that would allow him anywhere in the building, along with a Starkphone, a computer and a vague comment about teaching him how to use both sometime. It was during those lessons, Steve knew, that he’d begun to fall in love with the haphazard genius… but that was a story for another time.
A few hours later, with Zola captured and Toni having assured them that she had enough energy to fly back to base on her own steam, Steve shared a drink with Bucky and explained everything he knew. His best friend had that same pinched, worried look on his face that he used to get whenever Steve got into a fight or got sick again, and idly, the blond realized that Toni was going to have a lot of extra mother-henning to deal with in the future.
Toni wrinkled her nose slightly, a contemplative look in her eyes. “Not a good idea just yet,” she shook her head in the negative. A couple months ago, Steve might have accused her of wanting to draw out the design to maximize attention for herself, but now, he waited patiently to hear just why she had doubts about her creation. “There are some tweaks I need to make to the design,” she explained finally. “And the suit is… it’s complicated. It runs off a very potent, potentially unstable power source that isn’t very easy to manufacture alone, forget about mass production. And there are a lot of risks in using the power source. Risks to whoever wields the armor. Risks I can’t take on other people, other soldiers. Not even for a weapon that could potentially act as a deterrent to war entirely.”
“You know what I never get tired of? People punching me in the face after they’ve kidnapped my super-hot boyfriend.”
For his part, Steve felt like he’d been sucker punched, and it wasn’t because Tony’s answer had been so truthfully raw. It was because he’d spent the better part of a chunk of time in love with his best friend without even knowing it.
“It worked, it really did!” Daddy had come home the very next day, and that night, him and Mommy had sat him down and asked him if he was okay with being adopted by them. Once he understood what adopted was, Peter had realized that his wish had come true, and he’d been so happy. Except… “Can I tell you a secret?” he asked Uncle Loki, with no small amount of sheepishness.
He broke away, eyes slightly glazed as he gave an experimental thrust into her. “I think I promised you 36 hours of just you and me, Stark.”
She supposed she’d deserved it, to an extent – deception courted deception – but it had vexed her no less. And then, inexplicably, it had worried her, because what business did this annoying, but admittedly brilliant genius have putting up a front like that? Pretending to be self-destructive and so full of it that she made people with narcissistic personality disorder look modest? What on earth did Toni have to protect herself against?
It all depended on how he answered that question.
A special thank you to DarkPhoenix123, whose gesture of support was a huuuge help in getting me back to this work. Thanks, love!
Bucky reached over to punch Steve’s bicep in retaliation for the dig, and Toni smiled softly at the interaction between them. Strangely enough, as they began to bicker good-naturedly, that more than anything made her feel like the nightmare was finally over.
Barely registering much of Peggy’s response, he took the proffered shirt and slipped it on, keen gaze still searching out the self-proclaimed genius. He finally spotted her at the consoles, eyes unmistakably red-rimmed as she rubbed a rough hand over her mouth and then through her spiky brown pixie-cut hair, visibly shaking, but before he could make a move to go towards her, he was stopped by one of the scientists, and then a politician, and then someone else and another after that. He caught her eyes once, but she promptly turned away from him and started towards Erskine instead, and Steve couldn’t for the life of him figure out why it suddenly felt important that he get to her.
“Don’t you ever,” he spat viciously, when Howard dared to ask him what the fuck his problem was, “
“Would it…” she started, voice a little hoarse, before clearing her throat and trying again. “Would it help my case at all if I pointed out that technically, the suit is made out a titanium alloy, and that I’m clearly not a man?”
When she was at the door, she paused, not looking at him but tilting her head as if she were about to. “Do you want to know what I told Phillips about you?”
“I don’t understand,” Bucky cut in, looking a little perplexed. “I thought JARVIS did these kinds of crazy calculations all the time?”
“Love you, buddy.” Steve waited until Bucky had disconnected the call before he dropped his head into his hands, giving himself a brief moment to get composed. All the ex-HYDRA assassin did was grip his shoulder in silent support for a few seconds before leaving, presumably to get back to piloting the jet. Autopilot was something both super soldiers were still a little leery about.
-J <3
And then kissed her protests away, too, when he refused to take things any further than that.
That question was the hardest thing she’d ever had to ask.
Barnes is on the ground bleeding out from a hole in his chest.
No, Maria deserved better.
"Did you fix it, is she better?"
"Because it's me. I always let you down."
Bruce does. Uncomfortable truths are the story of his life. "But there are markers in the formula that don't show up in Barnes' blood. Differences. Like someone was tinkering with it. It appears that your hypothesis - that Howard Stark used the formula given to him, or stolen from, Arnim Zola during their time at SHIELD to create a new super soldier formula
"You seem to know a lot about me and my team," Steve replies evenly. "I only aimed to level the playing field. Ophelia Sarkissian-"
Steve wishes desperately for his shield. "I guess you've never taken on the Dora or the king. Neither take kindly to threats to Wakanda."
HE STOLE MY SHIELD:
Tony steps neatly in front of him. If Ross wants by he's going to have to go through Tony, and Tony would really enjoy watching Rhodey kick some ass with his new legs. "I'm afraid that's a no-go, General. We've already been approved by the UN council to hold former Agent Barton here until his trial can be arranged in Brussels." He's not entirely lying; there's an agent from the UN's headquarters over in New York City on their way to the compound with an ankle monitor right now.
.” He looked Tony up and down, and Jan wondered if Tony could see the sorrow behind the contempt Steve was so desperately trying to maintain. “Now what have I got?”
"Hell yes," Rhodes says firmly. "Also: ew."
"Plug Cap's number in there for me, Fry," he says.
"Oh, this will be the only time. As far as I'm concerned, you owed him. Captain America, too, but I'll have to wait to collect on that one. Nice job, by the way," she adds, nodding towards the muted TV which Tony only just realizing is replaying his impromptu press conference he held outside the public airport he decided to land at instead of his private one. The CC is on, and Tony watches the text roll by, barely keeping up with TV-him's rambling mouth. He had been a little emotional, what could he say.
Natasha stood, dusting off non-existent dirt from her pants and walking towards them. "We'll handle patrol tonight, Cap. You take a break."
"She's good people," Barnes agrees mildly, but his eyes narrow. "And the long answer?"
"Buck, I - I don't know what to do."
BANNER:
Natasha whistles very quietly, her expression morose, and Tony feels something settle in his gut at what he has potentially committed himself to: a lifetime of helping Bucky Barnes overcome his words and cope with sixty plus years of murdering innocent people. Giving Bucky Barnes something that might help him
VISION:
"You don't know that, and you won't, unless you tell him. And if you do, take my advice: give him time. Perspective can be-" A flash of Barnes in his mind, on the other side of the glass and looking back. "Therapeutic."
600SGR, Steve's email handle, is a reference to Captain America 600, where Sharon Carter begins to suspect that Steve can be brought back from his 'death' at the time. SGR are Steve's initials. The handle is randomized every time, the initials can only be seen by a select few. *shady government emailing policies*. In case no one remembers, they are essentially using old SHIELD networks, which is why its actually rather necessary that Tony make them something new.
"Tony?" Tony hadn't even heard the door open, but Rhodey is standing there, leaning heavily on his crutches with his legs wrapped up in the lightweight braces Tony made him for sleep. Tony looks back and forth between Rhodey and T'Challa as his best friend slowly approaches. "Tones, what's happening?"
NATASHA:
I-" He chokes on his own words, tells himself to refocus, that Peter is the priority here. "I won't try to take that hurt away from you, but I don't want it to twist you up, okay? It wasn't your fault. Alright? Peter?"
She nods, heading for the door, when she pauses, looking back at him, and Steve is suddenly struck by the paralyzing need to make her stay with him and a crippling fear that if she walks out the door she will be gone forever, just like everybody else.
-Stark was on a timetable last time we talked
"Get away from him," Steve snaps, and the agent steps back, digging into his clothes. He brings out a phone, handing it face up to Steve so he can see what's on screen. His eyes catch on the word 'HYDRA,' more than once. "Damn."
"It's good to be back," Cloak says with a stretch and a smile, apparently not overly fond of his good health.
They just have to get back to the compound. Then hell can break loose all it wants.
Here's the thing:
"Director?"
Steve stepped forward, suddenly worried. Tony was dressed in scrubs, after all, who knew what kind of situation he had fallen out of when the Time Fog got him.
"It's very loud," she says by way of answer.
"I sent him a phone, too. I told you that last time, didn't I? Sorry if I repeat myself, I'm going a bit stir-crazy here. It's like back in the thirties, being laid up with the flu. Trying not to die," Steve whispers. "Well, I sent him a phone and a letter, told him I was sorry, but he hasn't called. Gave the number out to everyone, and they'll talk, but not Tony. I know what you're thinking. I could call him. But I just...
That wasn't what I meant. I'm sorry, it was uncalled for. Just be safe kid.
"I see," Wanda says quietly, a tentative smile, a little broken around the edges, coming across her face. "Sergeant Barnes deserves his choices."
One hundred and eleven. He thinks he's laughing. That's actually on the low end, for Tony. Is he laughing? God, he hopes he's laughing-
Maybe he should have told Sam how scared he was of Tony's unhinged fury, how he watched Bucky rise and fall then fall again and felt like it was 1945 all over again. How he just wanted it to be over, he just wanted to
“Uh, no. I don’t think even your immune system can take another dip in there.” Steve does that funny little crooked grin he does that Tony used to want to run his fingers along just to straighten and now just wants to run his fingers along. He coughs, looks down. He doesn’t love Steve, but he loves him enough, if that will ever make sense. Enough to take his own dip in the Potomac. “I got you something.”
"There is no blue on your team, Mr. Stark!"
Natasha hisses. "We negotiated and cooperated. We helped as best we could inside the law."
A sigh, then. Tired and just the tiniest bit frail. He'll need to send her on vacation soon and confiscate her phone so Fury doesn't nag. "He said Steve needed the push."
NATASHA:
"I mean, I'm glad you stood up for Arnie, I am, Stevie, but you scare the daylights out of me some days! I woulda been right there beside you if I'd heard, so maybe next time, you wait for me, huh?" Bucky was working himself into a proper snit now. Steve craned his neck to look at his profile to see how serious it was. At thirteen, Bucky's features were just starting to change, and he looked more grown up everyday. It was hard not to feel left behind when they were apart, but when they were together Steve knew they couldn't ever be separated. Not that he'd ever let them be.
“No. Weeks,” Tony answered, and closed his eyes when the other Steve’s mouth parted in shock. “I know, I’m the worst, okay, but you are really stubborn, alright?”
"Yessir." Peter's phone chimes and he pulls it out.
“That’s the second time you’ve asked me that question.”
"Do I get to know what this mysterious favor is?" Tiberius asks in a wheedling tone.
"Um, three. Butterfingers probably went to grab the fire extinguisher. New people make him nervous. How are you?"
but thanks.
BANNER:
The younger Khan turns to her brother. "Aamir, I survived that mist for a reason, I have this-" She frowns, concentrating, and her arm stretches out inhumanly long. "This
"-but being alone never helped anyone, Double D. That's why I wanted you and Mr. Cage here to meet." Cage tears his gaze away from the Accords at the mention of his name, eyes zeroing in on Daredevil, rigid at Tony's side. "You mentioned you wanted help taking on Kingpin. The Avengers are always there to lend a hand, but I figure a guy like you might appreciate something a little closer to home. And a guy like Cage here probably appreciates some righteous head-bashing."
"And so you lost control." There is not one hint of judgment in Bruce's tone. Well, the man did write the book on losing control.
"Of course," Pepper says, stepping forward to Tony's side when she realize the three Avengers with her have temporarily lost the plot. "We're honored that you came by, Secretary Lukin, and I hate to cut this short-"
you last night, heard you running away, too, before I could could do anything - how was
"Speculation from who?" he hears himself asking FRIDAY, his mind as always running at least three tracks at once.
"Yeah, I think I am," Bucky says. "I just needed to...talk it through, I guess? And I wanted to hear from you, since you up and abandoned me, punk."
[DOCUMENTS ATTACHED: HYDRA THREAT ANALYSIS, STARK NOTES 7/16-11/16, BANNER NOTES 9/16-11/16, SYNTHESIS ANALYSIS ON TERRIGEN]
He feels more than hears Sam's slightly-forced laughter. "C'mon, Steve. I go where you go. I'm your man, through and through. Besides, you aren't the only one curious as to what Fury's up to. I remember Spy Game 2012 pretty damn well, let me tell you."
"Tony," someone says softly. Bruce is beside him, taking his hand, rubbing the fingers between his own to get warmth circulating back through them. "He's just upset, okay? Give him some space and talk to him later."
Peter steps forward. "So I was on the database, scanning the channels when I heard a name."
"And whose fault is that?" T'Challa spits over his shoulder, not meeting Tony's eyes. "They have put my country in danger, my people in danger. If word spread that Wakanda is harboring fugitives that attacked another country-"
"Would you accept the aid of Tony Stark?" Rhodey whips around so fast Tony winces in sympathy but he charges on. "Not as Iron Man, but as a man who used to really know his way around some pretty sick weaponry."
"Very remote," he notes.
"Yes, you. Be honest."
If you're thinking, wow that's a lot of plot threads, I promise some of them will wrapping together/up very soon.
Iron Man darts in the way, pulling up against the sheer force and momentum of the machine as it takes him clear over the rooftop and down into the streets below. Through FRIDAY's warnings he can see that Green isn't even on it anymore, meaning Tony's left those people on the roof defenseless. He can hear the mad cackle so loud over someone comms, someone's fighting him, someone will stop him-
He doesn’t love Steve while he’s away, on a mission or after Barnes. He misses him, designs fretfully on the offchance that whatever he’s sent Steve out there with fails, and even admits to himself the streak of jealousy that arises for Steve’s single-minded focus on Barnes.
Tony says spitefully, because he was always spiteful back then and she loved him anyway. "God left me a long time ago. And so did you. So I'll keep my fury for myself, if that's alright. It's a lot easier to live on."
He attaches limbs and ears and mouths, shoves the parts his friends have lent him to bring this Tin Man to life. He's dreaming,
“Then maybe you could help him change his mind.” Steve’s hand clenched down a little harder. “He needs you. He needs to have you at his back. Because I swear to you, Tony-“ And Steve ducked, catching Tony’s eyes and holding them steadily. “No matter what, no matter how angry he –
T'Challa holds his gaze for a moment longer, eyes darting back and forth between his own, searching for something Tony's pretty sure he's not giving, before the other man sighs and steps back. "I will have to make a few calls."
Tony checked over the output from the armor’s scans. “Readings aren’t picking up anything. The Time Fog is a little finicky though – hey!”
"Fry," he mumbles. "Talk to me."
(See the end of the chapter for
NATASHA:
After a long, long moment, the other man turned fully, stepping forward and running a hand through the mist. He let out a low curse. “You know, I think I’d rather be dreaming.”
Sam hefts his bag onto his shoulder and faces Steve, his brow furrowing at whatever he sees. "Steve," he says, placing a hand on his shoulder. "We knew what we were getting into, and we can always get out of it. You wanted to know the long game, the real threat? This is the place to be. I'm with you, alright? Now get some sleep."
"So, brush me up on my legalese, that's second-degree stuff?"
"Keeps you up at night, sometimes, doesn't it?"
“See, my dad liked his booze but he was too busy too…driven to really dive into alcoholism.” And I’ve seen Howard in his later years, read reports, saw how neatly they matched to Tony’s own behavior before Afghanistan and occasionally after, and I wonder if this is a lie Tony made up about his father as a young man merely so it would be perfect when he told it to himself years later. “Or maybe - maybe he just learned better, watching her. Because she. Loved. Liquor.” He emphasizes each word with a sharp rap of his knuckles against his tumbler.
He spins on his heel sharply and makes his way out to the hall, blindly fishing for his phone to repeat the entire conversation to Natasha in texts. He doesn't know why he's so adamant that she not call. Perhaps because he knows what a call would mean.
It's good to hear from you Bruce we were all worried. You're back with the Avengers then?
SO. MUCH. GRIEVING.
Rogers had said when he found out Tony had deployed the Legion.
Tony’s eyes widened, his eyes flicking wildly – hopefully? - over Steve’s face before he caught himself. His gaze went cold again, only a tiny flicker of light to even show he was alive. “Me too, Steve,” he finally managed, and then he stepped out from under Steve’s hand, and through the Fog.
"I used to watch them, always from a distance," he says as they sit at a cafe watching the sun sink. "My father took me out with him but things were not always...safe back then."
Tandy is a bit too composed to snort, but the sound she makes is very close. "Please, you were inundated with SHIELD operatives feeding you information. No, Tony Stark and his little group are further away than ever before. Be smart, Steve. You came here because Fury made a play for you. You don't think he's doing the same for the others?"
"I'm not the spy here, Natalie. What's your read?"
for the ghost of greatness. And I warned them - weakness can only breed like. But they didn't listen. I
Sorry for the wait, life got in the way. These chapters are turning out huge, as well, so the wait time between each is probably going to be at a week and a half or so. Not so long next time, hopefully! Thanks for remaining patient. This chapter is mostly set up and obscene amounts of angst, but next time will have ACTION. WOO.
Tony huffs. "Thank you, Big T. Mind explaining why the congrats couldn't be given over the phone?"
"Yes," T'Challa says slowly, glancing away. "The United States will likely back some level of free movement, considering Lukin's support and Ellis' dire need for public approval. If any other countries want to take the offer, it is free to negotiation."
I don't know how this happened to us.
But he triggers again. And again. And Bruce gives the order to shut it down; FRIDAY, to Tony's surprise, obeys without his agreement. Bruce takes off his glasses and rubs at his face and Tony feels the lines in his face carve into his soul as Donnie huddles in the corner of his room. "We can't-"
oh I'm here now," Aamir breathes. "I won't leave you again, I'm so sorry. Are you - take all the time you need, I'll be right here when you wake up, little sister. I swear, I swear." He rocks her back and forth a little and Tony doesn't remark about all the tubes he's knocking around but begins to back up. Aamir looks up at the movement and focuses blearily on Tony. "Thank you all, thank you so much. I can never repay you for this."
3. The view expressed by characters are not always my own view. More on that in the end notes.
Wanda does not answer him immediately but Steve's had a year of learning to wait her out. Eventually the spark between her fingers disappears and she closes her eyes, breathing in deep through her nose before opening her mouth to speak. "Causality and catastrophe."
There is no reply this time and Tony shoots to his feet. "Oh my god, fuck
Fury has an actual wall of televisions, and for a man with only one eye, he seems to keep up with all of them admirably well.
he thinks grimly to himself. Steve is more than capable of taking down HYDRA cells and keeping his eye on Fury's doings, especially with Sam by his side.
Holy Human Resources Disaster, Batman, they *actually* wrote those words? Please forward that to me ASAP, I want to frame that.
And there, the newest entry, waiting for all to see. Tony had seen it yesterday, and it had stopped him in his tracks. 'WE'RE WITH YOU./AVENGERS ASSEMBLE.'
There is a knock on the door and Rhodey enters with Bruce and a slight but tall young man behind him, his face already wet with tears. "Is that -" he says, voice trembling. "I am - my name -"
"Lab," Bruce says tiredly. "Let's see what you've got."
Was that – coming from the Fog? Were they about to get another interdimensional visitor? Quickly, Steve swung the shield off his back and onto his hand, ready for a fight.
Don't fidget, don't blink, don't think about the barest hint of pressure from your father's hand as he sweeps a Santa hat off your head, the last time he touched you because you were too mad to say goodbye. "But I'm all about practical application, so I branched out. If it could help me, then why not the next guy, right?" Barnes stares at him, unblinking, and Tony gives a shrug that feels only a little helpless. "I built it to help people. So that's what it does."
"Oh, come on, Dr. Banner," Donnie wheedless from his workplace. "You've got to! Vision's coming. Even
"It's fine kid. You got the watch on? Friday's sending you blueprints. Head to the place she's marked. There's a window there. Get it open and web the man's left hand. You'll know when you see. Left hand, got it?"
Since Stark Ventures is *your* baby (and only yours), that does make me feel better, actually. I still recommend buying up more stock. I looked at the list you had FRIDAY send me. Some of the companies circling THAT drain would dismember OsCorp in a heartbeat, and if you really want an attention grab, nothing screams 'look at me' like suddenly owning ten percent of a company.
accord
Now he knows the truth. And as he sees it, there are two options. He can keep being angry, and they can stay like this forever until Tony’s prophecy comes true and they destroy each other. Or he can let it go. Forgive Steve and forgive himself, and fight for the relationship he always wanted with the man he loves.
"When did you last sleep?" the king asks Tony, genuine concern in his voice. Tony bats it away with a careless hand gesture.
, he remembers.
An Academy, was it? I’m betting there’s some Fury equivalent bossing you around, yeah?”
He can't hear anything but the sound of each slurred gasp echoing around the shield his fingers have made but he feels two small, deadly hands creep along his sides and around his back until Natasha is pressed against him in a hug. "I know you can't, Tony," she says softly. "I know. That's what I'm saying. You can't do everything. We're your team, you have to let us help. You have to trust us."
Somewhere Peter is snickering. "I can't believe you got taken out by a round of applause."
"And that is just how you like it," she accuses. On the edge of her voice, razor thin, is the beginning of a sob. "Having all the power over everybody else."
We all saw Clint's hearing, and he got off pretty light. They aren't just going to throw us in jail anymore."
"Yes," Tony agrees. And then: "I'm very jealous."
"Atonement?" Fury says, sounding surprised. "Really? That's the game plan, Rogers?"
Tony raises his head, eyes narrowed. "Let me
He snarled, bucking Ty off and away and shooting to his feet. "Fuck off, Stone!"
"I'm sorry, Kamala," Tony says quietly, hoping to stop her before she gets worked up. Or maybe she needs to get worked up. Tony is crap at this. "What do you need?"
"Yeah," Tony says. "Yeah. Go on without me, okay? I'll be down in a sec, I just-" He waves at the air around him and Rhodey nods understandingly, flipping the faceplate down and descending to where the War Marchine robots wait to dis-arm him.
Rhodey and Hope can't possibly know what he means, but they cannot mistake the smiles Natasha and Clint fight back.
It explains things about his teammates that he should have been wondering; things he could have figured out just by talking to them. He never had to go through Natasha's file to get her to open up to him, and he waited years for Tony to tell him the story of Afghanistan instead of looking it up himself. No wonder Cloak and Dagger are so obsessively devoted to one another - no only do their power complement each other but surely they have to be aware they are what keeps the other alive. And no wonder the consistently-abandoned Rachel latched so hard onto her friends, and now feels their loss so keenly that she'll stop at nothing to destroy the woman who took them from her.
"No one's asking you to be me, I'm just asking for you to not let your colossal ego get yourself or somebody else killed because you decided you'd rather play around with experimental tech. You were talking about
"Whose fault was that, huh, kid?" Howard asks grouchily. "Hand me the screwdriver, lets crack this baby open." The body on the table is no longer one of Tony's creations, built from parts of the other Avengers, but Barnes, wide-eyed and lifeless.
"He saved your life," Aamir tells her sternly. Bruce is watching Tony with barely concealed pity from his place by the monitors.
Madame Hydra snarls and raises her whip hand but suddenly a flash of pink and black lands behind her and Diamondback is there, a hand shoved into her back while the other wraps around Hydra's throat. "Hi, honey," Diamondback whispers, sweetly menacing. "I'm home."
Cage eyes him suspiciously then gestures at a bar stool. He is already flipping through the Accords when Tony leaves.
T'Challa's eyes flash and he steps forward into Tony's space, not intimidating but very
"Then what's the other part of it, then?" Clint, this time, leaning forward.
is the sample taken from the fake Terrigen bomb. And this - this is Kamala's blood, pre- and post-stabilization. There are...significant similarities. Well within parameters. But..." Bruce trails off, and Tony can't look at him, can't look away at his father's enduring legacy.
There is a high noise in Tony's ear that's nearly drowning out everything else and he takes a few unsteady steps forward. "Kid-"
"It was better to arrest him," the king suddenly blurts. "He needed to face justice."
"I know exactly what you're trying to pull here, Mr. Stark, and I will be there to stand in your way. Those vigilantes are dangerous, they have flouted the law and violated states' rights. I know you got Barnes' bombing charges dropped, but you can't make the rest disappear. There's only one place left for them."
"I'll let you know."
, he doesn't say, wishes he was brave enough to. The noise she makes, small and pained, makes him think she hears it anyway.
"I'm going home," Tony says in Wanda's direction. Her head snaps towards him. "Right after this. I'm leaving it in Barnes' hands." He makes to walk down the hallway that T'Challa has just come from when at the last minute he turns. "There's a place for you there, too. Still."
"Make no mistake, Steve, we're all biding our time. You think it's any coincidence that Nick Fury keeps us all here with convenient little jail cells not five hundred meters away?" Steve stares at her, knowing his mouth has fallen open. Tandy's calculating expression, so out of place in those wide blue eyes, melts away as she pats Steve's arm sympathetically.
Why did you
"It's so much more fun when they argue. Mortals always squabble with such vigor over such trifles," the Enchantress said with disdain, as if she didn't try to curse Janet not three days ago for daring to tell Amora that she'd put her eyeliner on crooked. "Even the Captain and Iron Man are getting along now! Did you see the portraits that Stark made for him for Class President?
Tell Tony thank you.
, turns away from the computer and goes for the kill. "I bet you got pretty good at that, listening, with Wanda. I know you two were close." Vision actually
"Well." And Ty's voice turns slick and sharp and cold, the same way it used to when Tony was twenty-seven and got home a little too late for Ty's jealousy-fueled paranoia.
It rolls around in my head for hours after words as I think
I feel like I should have been there.
He drops his hands around her shoulders, not returning the gesture but settling Natasha closer, feeling her skin vibrate when he laughs. "I'm in your web, itsy bitsy. Is this the part where you eat me?"
"There's no rush," Tony says calmly. Barnes gives him a dubious look and he shrugs. "There's a bit of a rush."
That's probably the point.
I'll try. But I make no promises. Tony knows what's at stake.
"Ours, and Rhodes, and Romanov's, and anyone who's listened to you speak about anything you love," Hope sasses, a little smirk on her lips at the idea of puzzling someone out, however small the puzzle was. "Speaking of-" she points at her tablet. "Kamala's battle report is in. She didn't say it, but she's dying for feedback from any Avenger that was there. Take a look." It's not a request, not that Tony would ignore it if it were. "Nothing from Spider Man on the servers yet, but I figured...with what happened to the Green Goblin..."
"We'll see. S'not like I can say no to saving the world."
"Natasha Romanov," Natasha says, smiling tightly at the blonde woman. "We've met."
BANNER:
"You are paranoid," Natasha says, not unkindly. Almost fond, actually. "And I'll check it out as soon as I can. I know it feels like Osborn died on our watch."
“Of course you did. You’ve always been brilliant,” Big Steve said, sending a smile Tony’s way, and something warm unfurled in Tony’s chest. Slowly, though, Steve’s smile faded. “Tony…how old are you?”
Tony thinks nonsensically, then looks back at the display.
"You have to get out," she says three seconds later.
Her mouth quirks as she looks up at the hazy sky. "We need to go even bigger than that, Tony. If we want to end this, we have to use every advantage we have. No matter our personal feelings."
Tony shakes his head, hands gripping down tight over Rhodey's, still on his shoulder. "No. No, listen to me. Let me talk to Barnes. All I need is a comparison. All I need is to see-"
There is untapped fury in Diamondback's posture, another week of Madame Hydra slipping out of her grasp. Cloak is exhausted and Dagger curls more and more protectively around him by the minute. Sam's entire body is sagging to the floor but when Steve sends him away, he knows the younger man will just wander out to 42 and stare at all the prisoners, trying to reconcile the fact that he now knows what they're going through.
“Yeah. We train here – the Avengers. And other heroes, too, they come and visit. It’s – it’s nice. You can see my Tower, in the distance, see?” He pointed and waited for Steve’s nodded. “I built it all myself.”
"I also have minor short-term precognition," Peter says. When the tables stares at him, he hunches a little. "I call it my Spidey Sense."
Memories in his palm. Tony's mind is certainly going for the metaphorical sort of drama tonight, he sees.
"Romanov and Vision, you focus on hostages. Rhodey, bring out the big guns, take out the artillery here first then move on to actual combatants - UN wants them alive so do what you can. The hostages are our first priority. I'll be operating on crowd control. Got it?"
"Those scientists he was after that night - the police conducted interviews but didn't find anything and I figured, hey, Normie's always been a bit trigger-happy, maybe Goblin-izing himself turned it up to eleven but now-"
"I like Iron Man," Kamala says quietly.
Tony looks back up when there is nothing but silence to meet Kamala's eyes. The fight has gone out of her and she looks crushed beneath an enormous, invisible weight.
"You build a lot of stuff."
"Guess I'll take it," Tony allows after a long pause.
NATASHA:
She's packing up her kids as he hangs up and Tony is - Tony is -
RHODES:
Sam threw a worried glance to the other side of the quad. Steve and Tony were standing so close he had the momentary, if nonsensical thought, that they might pass out from inhaling each other’s carbon dioxide. “And…too late?”
"I need you to throw Scott Lang out of your country."
Call me if you need me Natasha.
later, no doubt. She waits for everybody to take a seat (and for Tony to clamber out of Rhodey's) before continuing. "Steve's team has been following the rogue operation of one Ophelia Sarkissian."
"Laura. Laura, my love, when the year is up and I finally get to kick Clint out of my compound, promise me you'll stay?" Tony pleads with forced playfulness. "I won't be able to go on without you."
He watches his dad die all over again before Natasha can tell FRIDAY to shut it down. There is not a sound to be heard in the room. Clint is covering his children's eyes and his face is unreadable in the darkness while his wife stares at the dead screen in horror. Vision is quiet at Tony's shoulder and there is a hand on Tony, solid, realer than anything else so Rhodey is there too.
They don't die and the sullen commander has turned almost thankful by the end of the night, but that brief flash of victory is washed away in an instant when Natasha comes walking out of the rubble dragging an unconscious Clint Barton behind her.
“You with me?” Tony murmurs from where Steve has let him tuck his head into his shoulder.
is where the sequence of words first begins," he says, pointing towards the second largest spike in the waves. "And
"Anything he needs, we'll get it. Anything we have, it's his. Tell him I expect the same," he says, unable to quite smooth out the clipped edges to his voice. This makes it real. He's made it real. This is his choice, there's no mistaking that.
themselves on people whether the people want them or not?"
She says hello with none of the bright warm cheer she had a year and a half ago.
"Hey," he calls when Peter is only a few paces away. "Do you...want company?" Peter cocks his head to the side, brows drawing in, and Tony points down the hill. "To visit them. I could come. If you want."
Tony has always known there were pitfalls to the Accords and now he is facing them head-on. There is a drug war erupting in the streets of Chad and the country's military is currently failing to make a difference.
"You've got to make your own space, Steve. Find what makes you happy."
"It still needs work," she repeats. "But it's good work. If Steve saw this-"
They've both missed a lot. He hopes they both get to find whatever it is, and if they're lucky, maybe they can do it together, but they'll never get there if Bucky doesn't take this chance.
"And if I say all of it?" Steve asks softly. "I never wanted glory. I-I mean, I'm nobody, really, just a kid from Brooklyn. I do what I can, where I can, as best I can. I just wanted to help where I could and fight for what was right. Bucky was innocent and Zemo was a threat, and Tony had locked Wanda up in the compound in the name of the Accords. I know he was trying to protect her and keep us together but only under his terms. I didn't matter what I thought, it didn't matter what I said. And I - yeah. I got a bit lost on the way. Did things I shouldn't have. Didn't do some I should. But it was never to fill some moral quota or do my good deed for the day."
Natasha's gaze grows sharp at the new number in her phone. "That's Cap's. He said he would be here if we need him. Call him, Nat."
HE STOLE MY SHIELD:
Her face twists, abrupt and sharp and so sad. "Because this isn't Clint, this isn't what he does. He's not a runner, and he doesn't hide. He'll always answer the call."
HYDRA wants this formula to work for a reason. Fury said they're building an army. They're trying to scare us, throw the world into chaos. The Accords aren't important, the world needs the team.
A much quicker update than last time, because I had to get this out in time to say HAPPY BIRTHDAY TONY STARK! :D
“I wanna go dancing.”
Through nothing else but a sheer force of will, Toni refrained from smiling, not wanting to spoil what sounded like a surprise. The door shut with a barely audible
He’d never had much of a military kink before, so why was his stomach curling in a very familiar way?
Happy memories were elusive, dancing frustratingly out of reach in the back of his mind, while the bad ones played out ad nauseam in front of his eyes. Every mistake he’d ever made, big or small, every tear that Toni had ever shed, all of those instances replayed themselves to the soundtrack of his girlfriend screaming out for him to help her; something he hadn’t yet heard outside his nightmares, but something his imagination was all too helpful in fabricating.
Steve was reading when he heard the sounds of quiet shuffling emanating from the room down the hall, which Toni had converted into Peter’s. He shut his book and ambled off the bed, curious as to where his girlfriend and the adorable little boy had been the whole day.
But never – not once – had Natasha considered that the earth would conspire to take its best defender outside the fire of battle.
She’d never been very good at saying no to Peter, or to kids in general her entire life, because she couldn’t stand to disappoint them. She knew all too well what it felt like to be disappointed, had known the feeling since she was far too young to even properly comprehend it, and she’d never been keen on letting other kids feel that before they absolutely had to.
That was the final blow.
The man’s thumbs up made him want to grin; only for him to realize that he was already doing so.
Toni couldn’t see it, but she wagered that Nat was smiling at least a little.
Eventually, the pair dragged themselves out of bed, showering separately in the interests (Steve’s interests) of making it to their meeting before dusk. They were both fairly relaxed, if a little petulant in Toni’s case, for having to come out on their day off, and perhaps that should have been the first indicator to the billionaire that today was going to be a crappy day.
Toni had heard – and read, several times too many to a sleepy Peter – the story of Goldilocks and the Three Bears, but she had never quite managed to relate to the Mama Bear.
Steve replied, the relief in his tone making Toni feel guilty for lying. But, she reasoned, having her boyfriend strung and stressed out and worried would not have been very conducive for a retrieval mission as delicate as this one.
The silence was longer this time, and just when Steve thought that he wouldn’t get an answer, Tony spoke. “Things that were good became great, and things that were bad didn’t seem so terrible anymore.” His voice was sharp, almost curt, but at least Tony was speaking, and Steve wisely kept quiet in the hopes of hearing more. “Making them smile became more important to me than any project I’ve ever taken on, and the sound of their laugh made just about everything feel good and right again. I tried at things that I normally didn’t care about.”
After all, one couldn’t sell death without first courting it.
Shakily, Steve nodded, sinking to his knees. His face was ashen and he kept looking back at Toni, as though he was afraid she would simply vanish in the time it took him to look at Peter. “I was wrong,” he managed, after a half-dozen false starts. “I was wrong, and I’m so sorry. I didn’t know, but I do now, and I fixed it.”
For the longest time, she hadn’t known what to do with it. With all this unconditional love and affection and acceptance. Nobody had ever taught her that – the Red Room had been about survival and about becoming cold, soulless, bloodthirsty machines who lived, breathed and existed solely for the mission. The only mention of love in that thrice damned place, had been how to use it as a tool of manipulation for the good of the cause. Because that was what it was, as she’d known it; love was a tool.
Impassioned speech taking a backseat in light of the (amazing, fantastic, wonderful) development, Steve croaked unsteadily. “You’re not?”
“I love you,” Steve told Tony hoarsely, feeling like he needed to say it again and again for all the missed opportunities and all the times when he’d foolishly left Tony thinking otherwise. “I love you, baby, I’m so sorry fo-…”
Tony did the best he could to shield his head and keep from crying out, and it was all he could do until an eternity later when a sharp command had the lackeys stepping away from his abused body. Tony did a quick inventory of himself, cataloguing some cracked, possibly broken ribs, deep bruising and what may or may not have been a fractured wrist. His arc was fine, if extremely sore and heavy in his chest from the assault, but most importantly, the watch on his wrist was completely safe from damage.
So they were
And that, Toni thought, that was actually the easiest part about this whole thing. “I do,” she replied without hesitation. “I trust you. And you’re coming for me, I know that.”
Unfortunately, before he could put any of his plans into motion, he crash-landed spectacularly back into reality with the glimpse of sinister looking black lines, crossworking up just under Toni’s collarbone.
Which was a large part of the reason why he still didn’t know that she’d gone back to see her father after the incident, before he was sent back to the past.
Mommy!
Steve paused for a beat, slightly startled by the sound of Tony’s voice, before pointedly slamming his fist into the punching bag again. And then grunting, more out of irritation than pain, when his knuckles split under the pressure.
Toni wasn’t under the impression that she’d said anything important or particularly earth-shattering, but for whatever reason, the words appeared to loosen something in her lover. Dimly, she wondered whether it was the intimacy of her trusting Steve to have her back, or perhaps just the conviction that everything was going to be okay, but regardless, the genius was pleased for it.
He didn’t need to be a genius to know that it wasn’t even close to enough.
“…park tomorrow too? And maybe Steve can come also?” Peter was asking, his words slurred with tiredness as Toni pulled the covers over him. The super soldier felt his lips lift in a broader smile, feeling an inordinate amount of affection for the child that Toni had brought into their home and lives.
“Nah, I’m just filling in for the day,” Toni deadpanned, amusement edging her eyes, and there was the quip that Steve had been waiting for. He grinned down at her when she smirked, sending Bucky her trademark, jaunty little salute. “Disappointed, Bucky bear?”
“Shi-it,” Rhodey scoffed irreverently, dragging the word into two syllables as he returned her smile with a little smirk. “Tall, blond and brooding doesn’t scare me.”
“So that’s why Howard didn’t take you right to the drop zone,” the voice mused. “I thought you just jumped because you couldn’t stand him. That might just be my personal take on the man, though, might be different for everyone else.”
Thankfully, the sling was enough, and the redhead slowed her stride. Concern registered in her eyes for a brief moment before the irritation returned, but it was enough to show Toni that the anger was a surface emotion; favoured over the fear, she supposed.
For a few moments, Steve only focused on his breathing, exhausted beyond measure and feeling… God, feeling the same and yet so profoundly different, it was difficult to actually verbalize.
. The only way I will not be fine, is if you go all white knight and stop touching me.”
But it was done with, now, and there was no point being upset over it. “Nothin’,” he shook his head, and tried at the same time to shake off his mood. He tried for a smile, and was happy that it came easier than he thought it would. “You know what we should do?”
Taking a small, ragged breath, she continued her story. “The bomb… there were pieces of shrapnel that lodged into my chest. When the enemy side saw that they hadn’t killed me, they decided to capitalize on the situation and got one of their scientists to operate on me. They put a car battery in my chest to keep the shrapnel from slicing into my heart, and it kept me alive long enough for them to demand that I help build them weapons. I refused, for a while, but they were very… persuasive.” Something inside Steve lurched with comprehension as he realized what she was alluding to. His insides trembled violently, wrought with fear and fury as he contemplated how close he’d come to never knowing Toni at all. How much horror she’d had to face to still be here today. “Eventually, I pretended to agree, and I used the materials that they gave me to create an ark reactor. It’s a power source that keeps the shrapnel away from my heart without all the wires and dangers of a car battery.”
Taking charge once again, Steve assessed injuries and was pleased to note that the casualties were minimal. “Bucky and I will take the lead. Hey, Shellhead, you mind taking up the rear to keep a lookout for us?” Steve directed the soldier, more of a veiled order than a question.
So he was all too familiar with the harsh jerk of bitter disappointment that came with finding out that a potential lead to getting Toni back, turned out to be hollow. Granted, his experiences had been more involved with kidnappings, lab accidents, abusive exes and the like, but that gut-punch? That was the same all around, and Rogers was still new enough to the party to get a lot of them.
“You’re in love with him, aren’t you?” Sure enough, the elder Stark was like a dog with a bone. “Is that why you haven’t done anything to try to send him back? Back to where he belongs, with a woman worthy of being with him? Or,” his voice turned mocking, “do you actually believe that
Swallowing twice, she worked on finding her voice. “Hey,” was all she eventually managed, thanks in equal part to her physical inability to take a full breath, as well as her residual anxiety from the threat of flashbacks.
Toni trembled as she sank to her knees in front of the familiar statue. Her eyes traced the words she’d arranged to be inscribed there:
“By that logic,” she interrupted him, “I’m to blame. I should’ve listened to my own instincts.” On a low sigh, she tugged his hand until he wrapped his arms around her and Peter. Burrowing into his chest, with his arms tightly banded around them, Toni felt like she could breathe for the first time since that terrible phone call. “We have to help him, Steve. We have to be there for him, and we can’t do that if we’re playing the blame game. This was not your fault. I swear.”
Clint ran an agitated hand through his hair. There really was nothing worse than being helpless.
Howard had barked at her once, twice, constantly.
he reminded himself faintly, battling numbness.
“The echo caught an image of her,” Banner explained without preamble, tired eyes now brightened with anticipation and the promise of success. Behind him, Bucky crouched next to the crater, presumably to keep from adding any instability to the significant dent that Steve had made over the past few hours. “She’s closer from here, and there’s only a few layers of rubble left before we have a clear way down to her.”
They spent the next few minutes playfully roughhousing, Steve doing everything he could to evoke laughter from his girlfriend, and Toni doing everything she could to fend Steve off. As it somehow always did, it ended with them locked in a long kiss, and forcing himself to remember that they weren’t at home, Steve reluctantly broke away.
As she spoke, Toni wasn’t unaware of Maico’s eyelids drooping. It amazed her at first, that he could relax long enough to sleep, but after taking into account his age, combined with fear, an adrenaline crash and the draining, muggy heat, it almost made sense that the child would succumb to fatigue. At any rate, it was a good thing, because asleep, Maico couldn’t panic if the effects of oxygen deprivation started to kick in, and thereby worsen their situation unknowingly.
It had been the primary rule of the Red Room; like
Maico scrambled in, much to Toni’s relief, but it was short-lived when he wouldn’t let go of her. “Stay!” he wailed, and Toni really didn’t blame him. He’d been so brave up until then, he was probably entitled to a terrified fit when what was presumably a tremor destroyed their safe zone around them.
Tony, by this point, had managed to inch his way right in front of them, and a distressingly vulnerable hand slowly slipped between Steve’s neck and the blade. “I’m listening,” he stated simply, gaze locked on the kid’s even as he laboriously urged the scepter away from Steve. “I swear, kid, I’m listening. But you gotta stop this, right now, okay?”
“Why are you here?” Steve interjected wearily, cutting off Tony’s concerned words. He knew that he had no right whatsoever to be angry or jealous or upset – Bucky had been all too quick to point that out to him a week ago – but he just couldn’t help it. Tony was
lucky,” her lover replied somberly, the fear causing darkness to creep over his expression. “And you
Leaning a hip against the table, he regarded Barnes. “People see the Carbonell and forget that there’s Stark in me, too. But that’s okay, because I’ve always thought that the most dangerous thing in the world, is the thing that people don’t see coming.”
going to be there, Steve,” she repeated, voice cracking twice. She wrapped her arm around her stomach as if to ward off nausea, her eyes twisting into something desperate and panicked. “He’s always going to be there, even if it’s the ghost of him, and he’s right, I’m going to fuck up with Peter because I’m
“Toni.” Steve cut her off with a gentle smile. “It’s okay, you don’t have to say. I don’t want you to get into any more trouble. If you could just tell him I said thanks, that would be great.” The last thing Steve wanted was for the inventor to work herself into a state, although he had to admit, seeing Stark ramble on, so far removed from her usual cool, composed self, was pretty… well, adorable. That was the only word that he could think of to do the sight justice. She was adorable like that.
Her heart squeezed at the words, and before she could think better of it, she rasped out. “You already have.”
And she did. She understood that things weren’t good. She understood that there were no guarantees about how nature would run its course and hinder or help their rescue attempts. She understood that Toni had seen fit to send the child away, because she was planning on being reckless.
for Sunday school, or
But apparently, the defense of Toni’s honor was well in hand with aforementioned little boy, who kinda reminded him a lot of their own son.
Rhodey nodded, and Toni knew she did the right thing when she felt his muscles relax. She didn’t take it personally; if it were up to him, she knew, Rhodes would have stayed, but it was impossible for him to put his wants and needs above that of somebody else’s. That honor, that nobility, those were the qualities that made him the phenomenal man and soldier that he was.
“What about you?” Steve reached out for her as soon as she was in reach; tucked her close against his body. “Coming to bed tonight, or are we going back to the workshop?”
(See the end of the chapter for
With great difficulty, she cleared her throat. “Uh… I don’t think it’s a good idea for you to be in here.”
The events after his debut as a super soldier were fast and in a flurry. Before he could begin to marvel at his new body’s capabilities, he was being taken back to where they were discussing the group of German spies who had apparently infiltrated their base.
Rather than waste time asking while Toni looked like death warmed over, Steve rested her with utmost gentleness against the leg of the desk, loathe to leave her but not seeing an alternative, and all but sprinted to the little desk near the mouth of the tent that held all her things. In another instance, he might have felt a spark of chagrin about rifling through the inventor’s things, but as it were, his mind was consumed by nauseating fear that Toni was sicker beyond what he was capable of comprehending.
It was the truest words she could have spoken, because both of them would have heard the falsehood in it, if she’d apologized for her actions. A little boy’s life had been spared with her intervention, and there was no way Toni would trivialize that by even feigning remorse. What she was apologetic for, was the fear she’d caused her family.
(In all honesty, Jim still got them an uncomfortable amount as well, but there was definitely some merit in telling himself that he could roll with the punches and Toni would still come out fine.)
No spoilers, but seriously, guys. F**k MCU and the Russo brothers and of it. I'm not okay.
As the fabrication started, he flicked the hologram away and pulled up another one, this time a design for a compact gun that fired a truly ridiculous number of rounds per cartridge, and had miniaturized explosives embedded in the bullets that detonated upon impact for maximum injury. They weren’t as intricate as the repulsor tech, so he’d probably have time to fabricate at least six rounds, and if he could add a self-destruct component to the gun itself…
, Steve,” she added imploringly, as if it would bolster the strength of her argument.
he was having another asthma attack…
“I’ve known you for years, Steven,” Tony replied sardonically, but the habitual use of his full name was something that Tony had always done with fondness, so Steve hoped it was a sign of impending forgiveness. “You don’t say things you don’t mean.”
Well. He could, but Toni would probably have been pissed if he did. Fury, too, probably, but Steve didn’t care one way or the other about that.
She didn’t get an answer, but she didn’t expect to. Biting her lip until it threatened to split gave her something to focus on that wasn’t her screaming arm, and after a few dizzying moments, she managed to maneuver herself enough to assess the damage.
In a move that would have bugged Tony’s eyes out if he were any less absorbed with situational concentration, Bucky inched in front of him, putting himself between Tony and Steve in what could easily be mistaken as a protective stance.
This was one of them.
But still, not even that had been enough to show Tony that he was with someone who didn’t know him at all, and even now, the genius was out with
But that was beside the point. “Bring me your tablet,” he instructed, grateful that he’d gotten all of the employees of Steve’s “security firm” the kind of tech that came standard with his own interface software. He was still mad at Barnes, but he would be stupid to turn down help at getting Steve out without injury. “I’ll sync the frequency of the tracker in the gauntlet to your tablet, so you’ll know where I am within ten feet at all times.”
