“You just asked Cas if he wanted to drive the Impala.” Sam said slowly, like Dean hadn’t heard and understood his
Dean did snort this time. “No, you dumbass.” Dean insulted him fondly, patting at the empty space he had left next to him on the bed. “Your space is here.”
Well, Dean could take a hint. His mouth slotted perfectly over Cas’s, both sets of lips glossy and shining with each other’s spit. He nibbled at Cas’s lower lip as he thrust into him, sharply pulling at the swollen lip with his teeth. Cas hissed into his mouth at the sharp sting, lip snapping back into place when Dean finally released it from his grasp. Cas’s lips had become inflamed and bright red in color, and Dean was sure his own lips looked about the same right now.
The world didn’t end. It didn’t stop spinning, nor did it tilt off its axis and hurl them into the sun. Instead, Cas simply blinked at him for a moment, head cocked to the side in an ‘oh so Cas’ way, and said, “I’m aware,” before promptly turning and exiting the room.
“What kind of deal?” Eileen asked warily from beside the door, eyes flickering between Sam and Castiel. “A demon deal?”
Quiet. Silence. He interrupted the silence with his own ragged breaths, head whipping from the spot on the wall it had erupted to the spot Castiel had stood in, some delirious part of his mind expecting Cas to still be standing there, smiling.
Castiel shook his head, the last of his laughter dying away as he peered out of the Impalas windshield to the field of golden wheat in front of him, each stalk blowing in the wind like waves of the sea. “Is there a reason you’ve driven us so far out from the city?”
“Yes,” Dean answered curtly, raising a hand to tap at the side of his head. “Cas is up here – with me.”
meant it. He had been thinking back to all those times, all those fuck ups that have happened in their lives, and there was no doubt that Cas was involved in a
to be, the rebar that had gone through his back still dripping with Dean’s blood. Sam’s eyes drop down, landing on the sight of his brother's crumpled form on the floor.
The sun had all but disappeared now, nothing more than a sliver of gold peeking over the horizon. Most of the sky had shifted to that blue that was so dark it might as well be black, only held back by the last swirls of reds, oranges, and pinks of the steadily fading sunset. The loss of the sun also meant the loss of the day’s pleasant warmth, the once relieving and cooling breeze raising goosebumps across everyone’s skin.
“And now, I can no longer do that,” Cas sounded pained, face twisting in annoyance at himself. “I’m of no use to you. I couldn’t even scrape enough of my grace together to heal the damage to your spine. If you get hurt again-,”
"I started to realise that while I was trying so hard to keep you safe, I was just pushing us apart. That keeping you holed up here isn't gonna do jackshit to help you whenever you're in a tight spot."
know each other, but… I think it’s safe to say we have shared friends… family, even. I don’t know how much you know of what’s going on – I mean, I know God is supposed to know
“So this is what you’ve been working on this whole time?” Castiel asks, gesturing to the beautiful scenery they were walking in. “Opening up Heaven?”
“It was mostly to check up and see what ya idjits were getting up to,” Bobby said, accepting the fresh beer that Ellen passed over to him. “Make sure you weren’t getting involved in
Castiel couldn’t even finish his sentence, seeing as Dean had quite suddenly ripped his Hawaiian shirt over his head, overwhelmed by the expanse of skin he doesn’t usually get to see. Castiel was only partly pulled out of his stupor when Dean chucked said shirt into his face, pulling it off his head to see Dean racing towards the cooling waters ahead with as much grace as his bowed legs would allow him.
The grief-stricken look that passed across Claire’s face had Dean scrambling to continue. “He’s not dead! Not right now, anyway. He, uh… he sacrificed himself for me. Death was coming for us – and I’m talking the literal Death here – and Cas used his deal with the Empty against her.”
“There’s…” Sam paused, fighting back the tears that burnt beneath his eyelids. He had left him there… had he really left those children there? “There’s kids here. They’re alive.”
“I know,” Dean said, feeling himself deflate at the way Cas seemed to shrink in on himself. “But I have to do it, Cas. It’s my
“You shouldn’t be here,” Is the first thing to slip from Dean’s mouth, keeping a few cautious steps away from the memory of Cas that his brain had for some reason decided to place into his dream.
“No, you jerk,” Sam chuckles down the phone. “It’s a regular phone call. You know, that thing normal people do when they check up on family?”
"I'll call you back, Sammy" Dean leans away from the entrance to the door to whisper into the phone, Sam's amused snort from the other end being the last thing he hears before ending the call.
For a moment, Dean thought that Eileen had mixed up the timings as she leaned over to Cas, handing him what Dean knew to be a ring enclosed snugly in her closed hand, out of sight. He hadn’t actually seen the ring yet – Cas has refused to let him see it until the wedding – but judging by the way Cas took the ring from her hand without comment, it seemed likely that Cas had made this a part of his vows.
Castiel paused, clicking his tongue against the roof of his mouth before coming to decision. He slid his thumb out of the book, placing it back on the nightstand before turning his body to face Dean. He opened his mouth to speak, then hesitated. He sighed, playing with his fingers which rested in his lap, gathering up the courage to ask what was on his mind. “Was I worth it?”
“I don’t know.” Castiel’s answer sent a new wave of iciness down Dean’s back. “It didn’t want me right away. The deal was… it said it would only take me once I allowed myself to feel happy. I don’t know what it means by that, but that’s when it said it would take me. So truthfully Dean, I don’t know.”
I am currently rather ill, yet somehow I have done more writing than usual. Maybe because this is the chapter I've been waiting to write for so long. Either way, I hope it isn't an absolute mess reading back when my head no longer feels like it's about to explode.
“I think I’ve had enough surprises for one lifetime,” Castiel said, accepting Dean’s offer and dropping down next to him. “I would have thought you’d want to visit them straight away?”
“Cas? Cas I hope you can hear me… that wherever you are, it’s not too late,” It was harder than he expected, saying this out loud. Almost like he was accepting that he was never going to speak to Cas again. Never get to say these words face to face. “I should’ve stopped you. You’re my best friend, but I just let you go. ‘Cause it was easier than admitting I was wrong.”
“Wow…” Eileen breathed out, blinking rapidly in a daze down at her coffee. “So, Chuck is human now?”
Fresh tears burn at his eyes, jaw clenching so hard he’s sure a few teeth were going to shatter. A part of him had always missed that scar.
Dean sighed as Gabriel picked up the pace, waving at Dean to match his speed as he darted towards the restaurant. Dean ignored him and headed straight towards the entrance of the restaurant, one hand wrapped around the handle to the door and ready to pull when Gabriel’s hand grabbed tight around his arm.
"Dean, we couldn't go more than 5 minutes talking to eachother before one of us raised our voices" Castiel points out, interrupting Dean's argument.
“I really thought we’d found the answer,” Dean says, one of his hands slipping up Cas’s neck, his thumb gently brushing over his pulse point. “That Rowena would be able to do something. But now it all feels like… like it was the last chance… Now I’ve got no more ideas, and I don’t know what to do, Cas. I don’t know how to save you, I-,”
“The Empty,” Dean answered bitterly. “His life in exchange for Jack’s; to take Jack’s place in the Empty.’
Relief floods through him when he finally yanks the phone out of his pocket and sees Sam’s name plastered across the screen. Looks like he was free from hunter duties for a while yet.
“And do you, Castiel, take Dean Winchester as your lawfully wedded husband, to love and to cherish him through the joys and the sorrow, through sickness and through health, until death do you part?”
Now… now he can only sit in the passenger seat of the Impala, leg bouncing in uncontrollable nerves as the dark of night begins to descend on them (because of
long to do, used so much energy… Now, thinking back on it, the time seemed to go by in the blink of an eye, but at the end of it? There was
“Ah, no,” Dean dismissed with a wave of his hand. “College? Me? Nah, Sammy got the brains of the family, I got the good looks. Can’t have both, right?”
thing he takes in is… himself. Sat upon a less than stable looking wooden chair under the Roadhouse’s awning is the spitting image of himself, although this version of him has forgone his usual trench coat attire, instead opting for a simple pair of well-worn jeans and a button-up shirt. The man waves him over and, without really knowing why, Castiel finds himself walking over.
“About Dean,” Sam answered. “When you said he should be thankful to be alive… well, that’s the thing. He
“And so was Eileen,” Castiel pointed out, giving a small nod of his head towards the woman in question, careful not to catch himself on the blade against his neck.
the wedding, not before?” Eileen suggests, the only one currently stood on Cas’s side of the alter – the privilege bestowed upon her after being declared Cas’s maid of honor (just as Dean called, he’d like to point out)
It was his last parting gift before Sam and Eileen had to physically separate them, not to see each other again until later this evening, where he gets to watch his husband-to-be walk down the aisle to him. Castiel had untied the tie, sliding it out from around his neck and pressing it into Dean’s hands the same time he pressed one last kiss onto Dean’s lips with a whisper of, “Something blue, and something borrowed.”
The goodbyes were short, made up of sympathetic pats to their backs and squeezes of their arms. Claire seemed to hold onto Dean for just a little bit longer, holding each other’s gaze for a moment more than usual. Sam tried to pretend he didn’t feel the squeeze around his heart when he saw those blue eyes flash for just a moment as Claire held onto him.
It was then, he thinks. As the flash went off, Dean stood next to Cas with their best blue steel impressions, immediately cracking up into laughter after and playfully tapping at the rim of Cas’s cowboy hat whilst Cas smiled at Dean like he was the sun that Sam realized…
what was waiting for him down there - even if he’s lucky and Rowena decides to take pity on him… But the Empty? That was unknown territory. Cas didn’t talk much about his time there - and for good reason. It sounded…
… that happened a lot. He had long since given up reminding Cas about personal space and just accepted that that was how Cas was. But now he thinks about it… did Cas ever stand that close to Sam? To Jack? To
One of the benefits to living in the bunker was the lack of bills. Not having to pay rent, or mortgage, or electricity, gas, water, heating, Internet, and more bills than he’s probably aware of meant that, between the two, their savings account built up surprisingly quick. Dean had more money on his account than he had ever had on his
As the last of the song fades out, Dean pulls him closer, only to hold his hand over his head in order to twirl him around the side of him, holding him there before twirling him back into his side.
“Okay, first of all? Screw you,” Dean downed the last drops of whiskey in his glass, turning around to pour himself another glass from a new selection of whiskeys adorning the wall behind him, missing the tender smile that hitched at Cas’s lips from his teasing. “And
The ring grew louder and was blended with a muffled voice bouncing around his head. Dean closed his eyes and felt his nails digging into his palms and sweat dripping down his forehead as he concentrated even more, shutting out everything around him - Sam mumbling about trajectories, the whoosh of the engine under his feet, the cool metallic texture of the bulkheads. He pushed it all away and thought about those Vulcan ears and that damn medics coat. He whispered a word. The word that was printed in Castiel's mind.
He stands to his full height and scans his immediate surroundings. He's warped into an alley behind a few small restaurants and stores. His clothes didn't make the jump, so he’ll need something to blend in. He starts walking and notes nothing else is damaged.
“Don’t set a foot back on Earth unless you’ve completed the mission and comb your hair.” Dean stepped out of the office and made his way to the transporter, knowing he would now be downing
Nonetheless, they drive for a few hours before pulling into an industrial part of town in the outskirts of Reno, Nevada.
Castiel looks at him, looks at Dean's eyes darting from him to the road and back to him. He's putting it together in his head, what the future holds. Dean knows the answer, he just needs to hear it. Castiel looks ahead to the highway. They are safe. For now. His mouth twists almost into a smirk, or at least an approximation of one. The Terminators never could nail down a smile. Castiel replies.
Castiel aims and shoots two more shots. The first hits the handle of the bike, forcing Gadreel to let go. The other clips the ground in front of Gadreel. He swerves to avoid it but quickly regains control. Castiel aims again but loses sight when Gadreel disappears behind a semi-truck. He reloads the shotgun and waits. He listens for the motorcycle as Dean changes lanes, moving away from the semi-truck.
‘It's fine... Look, we’re on our way back now.’ Dean paused again. Cas heard the faint voice of Sam talking through the phone as Dean covered the mouthpiece and looked at him firm. ‘You’re helping clean Baby when we get back,’ He said quietly.
‘You can’t hurt me, Dean.’ Cas gave him a couple of reassuring strokes and then wrapped his lips back in place.
A strain snapped into place between them, Cas's eyes electrified and Dean sank into them. The elastic holding them together broke as Cas turned to the laptop.
The tone used should’ve sent Dean into a retort, but his eyes had firmly closed again and the gravelly sound of the angel’s voice reverberated nicely. Cas continued at a lazy pace; Dean aware of the angel's weight as those hands took their time climbing from the base of his spine to the tops of his shoulders. He steadied an enticing shudder as Cas hit a few nerve points, wanting to collapse onto the table.
‘Only Cas can tell you what he meant and he’s not in the Empty anymore. Maybe you should try praying to him again.’
Cas broke him off, releasing his hand and cupping his face to press their lips together. He held him firm and Dean shivered with pleasure, pulling him close with both hands wrapping around his surprisingly-muscular waist. The feel of him encouraged the hunter to explore his mouth, deepening themselves together. Dean took this as the angel answering his question with a resounding yes, that he wanted the full experience.
He listened to his brother talk about how he found something, followed someone, then found a whole nest. Working hard to hear every word, Dean made noises of acknowledgement whilst keeping watch over Cas who was sat in the tub with a rain cloud above him. Dean closed his eyes in regret and turned to face the other side of the room.
No, he wasn’t. Led Zeppelin songs were playing over and over in his head as if they might answer themselves and Cas swallowed the hard questions. ‘I’ll get the beer,’ he answered with a squint of his eyes.
'Yeah, of course,' Dean's heart thumped harder, talking into the blackness of the room. ‘...But tonight, tomorrow, whatever; just don’t get dead or hurt,’ he continued in a low voice.
It slowed Dean down, but the angel unravelled fast, all that grace was nothing compared to Dean’s touch on him. He gripped the hunter’s shoulder and like snapping elastic, pulled away. ‘Dean...’
‘Dean,’ Cas said his name as delicately as folding silk between his fingers, as if the human might break if he said it any other way. ‘I heard you-’
puzzle at the label he'd written out three times before deciding which to use. He didn’t have a good response, ‘It’s just a tape.’
‘Dean, you know how this works. Our enemies, they do whatever they can to hurt us. Do you honestly see a happy ending here?’ He wet his lips, grazing the floor with heavy eyes. ‘Because I don’t.’
Shaky with nerves, Dean attempted to interlace their hands, coaxing Cas’s fingers into his. The angel relaxed in his grip and melted into his hand. Keeping their eyes holding each other as his voice cracked with anticipation.
He slowed down, drawing his fingers against his mouth and thinking about what he’d just done. There was no explaining it, he’d screwed up. As soon as he'd heard Cas say
The angel continued to watch him, and Dean allowed himself the first closeness he’d had with Cas in what felt like forever. ‘Weren’t you listening to my prayers at all? Did you not have your ears on?’ Dean’s mouth quaked as he fought the instinct to give into him.
The water shifted under him, the heat stinging his body as he crossed his legs. Knees pressing into the ceramic as he thought,
Cas moved his hand under the blanket, letting himself linger against Dean's fingers as he controlled the rise of his chest, every word beating the ground out from under him.
They held onto each other’s eyes as Cas nodded. Dean tipped his lips upside down then smirked, ‘Good.’ He took a drink of beer.
The drive home was quiet, Sam watched the road fly by with glazed eyes as Dean stared ahead. His hands secured to the steering wheel hard enough for his fingers to wrap around themselves. By the time they arrived at the bunker the day had turned into evening, not that it meant much to Dean, time had lost meaning a while ago. He headed straight into the kitchen to pull a beer out from the fridge, the residue leaving his fingers wet and chilled but he ignored it. Taking his phone out of his pocket, it unlocked straight into messages; the last thing Cas had texted gawked at him.
‘Cas… ' Dean rose his head expectedly as he paused with his fist around the head. ‘Castiel. Tell me.’
Dean quietly pulled a face, a huff in his throat as a gentle flush flew over his rusty, sex-laden cheeks and he changed the subject. ‘How long you staying?’
Sam shook his head at his brother, looking tired but undefeated. ‘No, what’s weird is you both tiptoeing around each other, Cas thinking you don’t want him around whilst you down shots at some bar because he left for what? A day?’
‘Good work.' Dean raised his eyebrows at the hunter impressively, yawning and rubbing sleep away from his face before sitting down next to Cas. ‘I miss anything else?’
Dean raised his eyebrows in quiet agreement then answered. ‘Heya Sammy,’ –he paused– ‘no, we’re good…’
‘I’m sorry, is there something wrong with me standing here, huh? Is there somewhere else I should stand that I don’t know about?’ Dean felt his brother's frustration channel into him, feeding a surge which climbed his body like an ivy. He burnt his eyes into Sam, fighting the urge to lock onto Castiel.
It was, it had to be. Dean rolled his eyes, feeling like they'd travelled to the back of his skull, a trivial ache in his forehead. He sighed, too loud.
They were a little squished, the roof of the impala within easy head-bumping distance but neither cared. Cas wanted to feel every bit of him, gliding up his dick with light fingertip touches and climbing his other hand under the back of his shirt. The heat of Dean’s bare skin was worth going to hell for and Cas stroked him faster as their kisses grew hungrier. Curious to how many different sounds Dean could make as he fell next to his ear in a low moan.
He turned to walk away when Cas bound his fingers around his wrist, Dean drew up to see Cas soft all over, his eyes unguarded and he was really going to town with the whole ‘puppy dog' thing. The pounding inside his chest consumed him. All he could taste was Cas and all he really wanted to do was repeat it.
Cas moved his hand away as Dean shifted, his weight heavy as he laid down and pulled the cover over his stomach. Cas followed, wearing a black t-shirt of Dean's which smelt of the apple pie they'd been sharing a few hours earlier.
The music from the radio seems to snap back into existence the same time that Cas pulls himself away from Dean, who is watching him with a lazy smile. Behind that however, Castiel can see the wary look in Dean's eyes, like a startled prey, thats ready to bolt.
Eileen’s gentle touch on his shoulder pulled his gaze away from Dean. He turned on the uncomfortable plastic chair to face her, giving her an appreciative smile as she handed him yet another cup of coffee.
For the people taking a trip to the coffee shop who are kind enough to ask someone if they want something while they’re there, and they respond with ‘I don’t care.’”
“We’ll have to wait until your brother wakes up to perform more tests, but… the most likely case? Your brother will be paralyzed from below the injury. Mr. Winchester, I need you to remember how fortunate it is for your brother to even be alive in the first place. And, judging by the location of the break, your brother should still retain control over his arms. I can’t guarantee anything of course, but I’m hopeful.”
Yes, definitely music. Sounded like someone had left an old, crackly radio on somewhere in the bunker.
Basically I, uh, I may have been a bit too confident in my writing abilities? And severely undercalculated how long it would take to write out all that I had planned...
Castiel watched Dean with a frown as he pulled a small notepad out of a drawer, scribbling down the loosely formed list he had in his mind. “What’s wrong with grape jelly?”
“Jesus, Cas!” Dean spoke out loud to the room, only confusing Sam and Eileen more. “How the hell did you do that?”
His fingers fumbled around for the pack of suture needles and the roll of surgical thread, trembling hands struggling to push the thread through the infuriatingly small hole of the needle. He peels the gauze away from Dean’s back, wincing at the suction of the blood keeping it stuck to his skin.
“Cas, you’ve gotta explain some more of this to me man, because I don’t understand how… I mean, you were
“No!” Jack recoiled away like Dean was about to hit him. The grief had turned to fear in a split second, and Dean retracted his hand so quickly he nearly hit Sam.
understand me, Cas. You help me work through it, help remind me what it is I’m living for now. And really – what else is there for me to say to you, Cas? I want you to be the one to help me get through every problem that comes out way. I want to be by your side, every morning you wake up, ready to be there for you just as you are for me. I want to spend the rest of my life with you – and beyond that – because
familiar, the pain in its eyes mirrored with Dean’s. Which is why, when it reached out one long, dripping black hand out to him, Dean reached out, too.
Castiel would be lying if he said arming up for this hunt didn’t make him a little nervous. Sure, he had
a bit of shock,” Castiel agreed with a tilt of his head. “But it’ll make for a good first date story.”
“I think it’s about time for a wardrobe change, don’t you?” Dean asked, feeling way too warm just by
“Shut up and drink your coffee,” Castiel knelt atop the bed, swinging himself around and collapsing back with a whoosh of air as his back hit the headboard, holding the cup of coffee carefully in front of him to avoid any spillage. Castiel rubbed his free hand across both tired eyes before taking a hearty swig from the cup in his hands, ignoring Dean’s yelp of protest. Cas rolled his eyes at Dean’s gasps of betrayal, swallowing the hot beverage and wincing as it burnt down his throat. He held the coffee cup out to Dean, knowing full well Dean would become a whiny mess if he didn’t get his morning caffeine soon after waking. Dean snatched the cup form Cas’s hold, cradling it protectively to his chest. The bit didn’t last for long, the intoxicating smell of coffee wafting from the cup too strong to ignore. Dean took a sip, giving a contented hum as the delicious flavor passed his tongue.
“Says the guy who’s only managed to get one girl into bed!” Dean teased, not picking up on the way Castiel’s muscles coiled up tight, taking the words to heart. “
Castiel couldn't help it. He flinches ever so slightly, practically able to feel the anger rolling off of Dean in waves. He knew that they had a lot on their plate right now, not even mentioning what had happened
“I’m telling you, it’s true!” Dean shot back; his voice laced with his own laughter in response to Castiel’s disbelieving chuckles at his story. “I was nineteen, on my first leave! I was only looking for a quick fling, something simple and… vanilla. But then I met Rhonda Hurley…”
“I asked them to put some honey in it too, before you ask,” Dean told him before taking a swig of his own black coffee. “You freakin’ weirdo…”
Castiel stops, and the look Dean sees on Castiel’s face is one he’s familiar with. The one he sees on Sammy’s face when he catches him looking at him. That look of admiration. Of brotherly love. Of
The smug, knowing look that crossed Claire’s face was not one Dean was expecting at his stuttered answer (if it can even be called an answer), the young woman turning to Kaia with a roll of her eyes and a good-natured slap to the arm. “See, what did I tell you? Knew he’d do it eventually…”
Sam looked unconvinced, but was smart enough to sense that this wasn’t a conversation Dean was in the mood for right now. Dean took the pause in conversation to finish off the last sips of his coffee, a part of him saddened to find his drink was at its end.
Dean dug his hands into his front jeans pockets, clasping Baby’s keys in his fist, only to look up and see Castiel already partway out of the door. Cas wasn’t going to get very far in the Impala without her keys…
With dramatic timing only Dean could master, he shoots upwards with a gasp, startling Cas who quickly leans away to avoid being hit by Dean's sudden awakening.
After a few seconds of nothing happening, Castiel clenches his fist, which begins to shake with the effort. A low rumbling fills the air, and for a moment, Sam expects for the blackness to close in around them, like a collapsing building.
“Caught you,” Castiel drawled, leaning over Dean with the most satisfied smile Dean think’s he’s ever seen on the angel’s face.
Now, though… what was the use of imagining such things, when in a few weeks he might just be falling asleep clutching the trench coat of who was once the husband in those dreams?
“Thanks, Dean.” Sam’s voice sounded a little choked. “How are you doing, anyway? I didn’t really ask.”
“Does your mother live here now? In Heaven?” Castiel asks Jack as they walk, enjoying the leisurely pace they were set in.
And now he was about to be killed by some goddamn junkie that had broken into his apartment. Fan-friggen-tastic.
The Empty had been waiting for this. The inky blackness of it seemed to grow from the wall, opening wider and wider until he was staring into the abyss.
Dean’s fingers trembled as he finished the knot to the tie, adjusting it around his throat until it was neatly tied, but still comfortable. He swallowed nervously, watching his Adam’s apple bob in the reflection of the mirror, before leaning forward and gripping the sink tightly, staring into his own wide, blown-out eyes.
“Hope’s good. Sometimes it’s all we’ve got, and it’s gotten us through some pretty shitty situations before.”
damn morning, where did it land? Oh, of course, straight across Dean’s eyes, searing his corneas the second he opened his eyes. He really should get around to changing those damn blinds someday… Maybe some blackout curtains…
“What do you want, Dean?” Castiel asks him, sounding too small and tired for a mighty angel of the Lord. “Did you track me all this way, come all the way out here to… what? To hurt me more?”
Sergei wrongly assumed he had won as he saw those flaring blue eyes revert back to the sharp green ones of Dean Winchester. Though, that couldn’t be further from the truth. It hadn’t been Castiel’s choice to give back control. Rather, Dean had
the Empty had surely made that mistake. It knew what I wanted most, and yet, it was something I could never have.”
“I’m not on my own. I’ve got Cas, remember?” Dean said, a smile creeping onto his face at the thought. Sam rolled his eyes as he turned away – for what reason Dean didn’t want to think about – gesturing with head to Eileen to follow him out of the room.
“Never better,” Jimmy assured him, placing a hand on his back and diverting him towards the Roadhouse’s entrance. “Felt like a blink an eye before Amelia was up here with me. Things are even better with the change-,”
“Yes, it does indeed ‘suck’,” Castiel raised two fingers to put quotation marks over the word. It was enough to get Dean to snort quietly to himself, the sound eliciting a rare, soft smile from Cas; with crow’s feet crinkling at the corners of his eyes and all.
“I… I suppose so, yes,” Castiel begrudgingly admitted. “Every piece of my grace would help, but Claire-,”
Now, at least, there was reasoning behind it other than ‘just because.’ And it was a logical reason, a kind one even, for Cas to be doing that for him. Except… why did he feel
Rowena raised an eyebrow at him, her long red nails playing a plinking tune across the glass of her drink. “For what?”
anywhere, but truth be told, it didn't take long for them to settle into the bunker. And well, once they had finally convinced Cas to move in with them, it was just the icing on the cake.
“In a way, the Empty lost,” Cas told him. “It wanted me to suffer. It was cruel, yes, but genius on its part, I must admit. To only take me once I had found happiness on Earth, but… I didn’t suffer as it took me, Dean. To die, knowing you were safe? That
“You know what? Why not!” Dean said, throwing up his arms with a smile still plastered on his face. “Better than a stranger. And she did
That seemed to break the ice a little as Castiel chuckled warmly, looking down at the table with a smile on his face. “You, uh… That seats free if you want to sit down.” Castiel offered, wondering how long Dean was going to stand uncomfortably by the table.
“You’re kidding me?” Dean interrupted in astonishment. “Would you look at that! Turns out our coffee preferences aren’t that different after all.”
“Well, be prepared to hear it until you get sick of it, coz I’ve got a lot of times I should have said it to make up for.”
there, just behind him. Dean turned sheepishly to find Castiel’s soft blue eyes trained on him, alight with both puzzlement and amusement.
The smile slipped away from Cas’s face, which made the care-free attitude Dean had settled into melt away and be replaced with a familiar worry.
Either way, the sight that greets him when his eyes open is not of the Empty’s infinite stretches of darkness. He is also not greeted to the sight of the bunker’s ceiling, with the worried faces of the Winchester brothers and Eileen leaning over his freshly made body.
“Right... so…” Sam punctuated with a sigh, gesturing to the open door of Dean’s bedroom. “Research?”
“Yes, he did. Not that I ever expected it, but…” Castiel’s sentence hangs in the air, his warm smile at the memories of the past few weeks fading. “I… I left him again. I’m… I’m dead, and Dean-,”
It was back. It was faint, not as raised and raw looking as it was the first time it had appeared on his skin, but it was there.
the angel. The amount of Grace it has left is dangerously low – not enough to survive a transfer to another vessel. And these cuffs here are helping to dampen that even more… Otherwise, our angel here would have fled long ago. The only thing keeping this angel alive, to exists in this plane… is the vessel he resides in. So, it goes to say that it would be in his best interest to keep the vessel alive, wouldn’t it?”
“And I’m not telling you that till we get you out of there, Cas. You deserve to hear it from me, face to face. Not like this.”
Dean was barely able to hold his head up now, feeling his consciousness slipping away. Something deep inside the darkness shifts and, to Dean’s horror,
“Take a look,” Gabriel told him with a grin, pointing into the restaurant. Dean sighed heavily, doing as he was told and bringing his face closer to the window, straining to see what Gabriel was showing him.
Dean slid the glass across the bar, which Castiel easily caught with his hand. “Considering I barely have any sense of taste, there’d probably be no point.”
“Yeah! I started not long ago, and my friends are really fun! But… do you think I can keep going to kindergarten now?”
Rowena narrowed her eyes at him, glancing over to Sam and Eileen for a split second before her eyes settled back on Dean. She kept her focus there, leaning forward in her chair as she asked: “Did you fix it?”
“We talked about the changes to Hell,” Jack answered for Rowena. “I wanted to make sure that the only people who go to Hell are those that actually deserve it.”
Castiel grunted, and if he weren’t feeling so spent, he more than likely would have given Dean a good punch to the arm. It was more than he deserved. “What if I throw in free coffee?”
Was this it? Was this all of Cas he had left? No trenchcoat this time. No possessions. Did he even have any photos of Cas?
best friend in my life, and then be so terrified of messing up our friendship that I just… pretended those feelings weren’t there. Turn that
“We did some more research into it this morning. We’re pretty sure it’s a simple salt and burn job – a day, maybe two. It’s local too, just a few towns over.” Sam told him.
On September seventeenth, the Friday evening of that same week, Castiel returns home to almost the same scene as that Wednesday. Except, this time, Dean is frantically pacing about the library, looking about ready to start tearing out chunks of his hair.
“Now? Now, I’d check them out of that hospital, buy them a cold beer and thank them for planting the idea in my head. Coz all them years ago… it seemed crazy even then to know an angel, let alone realize I was starting to care for him. Then, eventually… I would fall in love with him.”
his memories. Not when the bearer of the knife was Dean himself, cutting into the screaming woman with expert precision.
“Don’t think so,” Sam said. Then, another small smile crept onto his lips, huffing out a laugh as the realization struck him.
"See, that's the problem, isn't it Cas?" Dean breaks the silence, and Castiel cocks his head to the side slightly.
“Come on then,” Jody’s voice booms from the bottom of the staircases, striding into the living room and brushing past Claire and Kaia as she went. “Apparently, we’ve got a story to hear.”
“This won’t do…” Dean mumbled into Castiel’s mouth, tugging at the sleeves of Cas’s trench-coat. Castiel gladly granted Dean’s request, pulling away momentarily to scramble out of his coat, tossing it over the front seat. Dean leaned back onto his knees, towering over Castiel as he grabbed the back of his shirt near the neck, tugging it over his head and tossing it away to join Castiel’s trench coat. Castiel swiftly followed suit, fingers expertly popping open the buttons of his shirt and yanking it off his body, discarding it to the floor.
“Hell yeah you do. You know, Cas is… before I met him, I didn’t think there would be anyone I would care about as much as Sammy. No one else I thought I’d be willing to die for. Then Cas waltzed right in that barn and changed everything.”
Castiel glanced over at Dean’s deflating tone, face softening in sympathy at the sight of Dean staring woefully down at his own legs. “That is an apt comparison, yes. Dean… I can't even begin to apologize-,”
“Motel rooms, mostly,” Dean answers nonchalantly. “Dad couldn’t go back to the army, so he found the next best thing; shitty, border-line illegal security jobs. He couldn’t really be hired by the ‘good’ one’s coz of his little stint in the Marines. Most of the jobs didn’t last long because of their ‘nature’, so we bounced around state to state, motel room to motel room. Me and Sammy would attend whatever school we could get into, and…and it would tear me apart, coz Sammy was so
Cas definitely looks startled at his sudden appearance, and Dean can pick up on the barely there tinge of red on Cas's cheeks, slightly embarrassed that Dean had caught him singing.
But that’s not what happens. They step through the portal, one after the other, neither being left behind. There’s a split second of nothing but blinding white as the portal flares, losing sight of Cas for just a moment, and then he’s there again; stood just in front of him in the bunker, the tension and stress of Purgatory already draining away from his hunched posture.
“Tôi đã mơ về cảm giác của những ngón tay của bạn giữa những ngón tay của tôi,” Castiel began softly, brave enough to keep his gaze locked directly with Dean’s, safe in the knowledge that Dean was clueless to his words. “Anh đã mơ thấy sẽ như thế nào khi được ôm em vào lòng khi chúng ta ngủ. Nó sẽ được đánh thức bên cạnh bạn. Để biết cảm giác của môi bạn trên môi tôi, để nếm vị muối của làn da bạn dưới lưỡi tôi ...” (I dreamt of what it would be like to hold you in my arms as we slept. The privilege it would be to wake up by your side. To know the feel of your lips on mine, to taste the salt of your skin under my tongue...)
Dean groaned as he stretched to the side, placing the mostly empty coffee cup on a coaster atop the nightstand on his side of the bed. He returned to his original position, taking in a deep breath of air and holding it for a few seconds before exhaling heavily through his nose. Just then, a streak of light reflected off something up into his eyes. Dean looked down from where the light was coming from, a fond smile crossing his face. He pinched the thin band of golden metal on his ring finger between his thumb and index finger, twisting it around absentmindedly, watching as the sunlight glinted off the curve off the polished metal.
Castiel spilled over Dean’s fist, his cum shooting between the gaps of Dean’s fingers and landing on Baby’s seats with a ‘pitter-patter’ of streaks. Every muscle in Castiel’s body tensed at the waves of pleasure shooting through him, tightening around Dean’s cock as he rode each wave out.
“I didn’t know that a knowledge of pranks is a necessary part of life,” Castiel said. “Although, having live through many of Gabriel’s pranks, I can’t say I’m particularly fond of them.”
The needle slides in further and, somehow, the pain gets worse. She didn’t think it could, but oh boy, was she wrong. It’s a damn miracle she’s able to bite back the scream, but even her tightly clenched eyelids were unable to stop the few tears that squeezed their way out. There’s a hand brushing through her hair – likely Jody’s – and another hand gripping onto hers almost as tightly as the other is burrowing into the couch – one she knows for sure is Kaia’s. She almost can’t feel them, but… they’re distractions. They take away from the pain in just the slightest, but quite frankly, she’ll take as much as she can get.
Miracle had managed to get her two front paws atop of Dean’s legs, and Dean got the jarring feeling again when he realized he couldn’t actually
Sam’s heart twisted in sympathy at the way his brother's face fell. Perhaps Dean had been expecting to hear this, for he didn’t look shocked by the doctor’s words, but he most definitely looked crushed.
Both Sam and Eileen straightened in their seats at the sight of Dean’s glowing blue eyes; something about angel possession always making them uncomfortable, even when they know the angel in question.
Dean wrapped an arm around Cas, tugging him towards him until Cas was leaning against his side, resting his head on Dean’s shoulder. Castiel closed his eyes in content, letting the warmth of Heaven’s sun wash over his face whilst the warmth of Dean soaked into his side. “What’s Step Four?”
things we should be talking about?” Eileen cut into their childish sibling argument. “We still don’t know
… Cas gives him a tentative smile back. “Well, they’re still after me. We should hurry,” Cas gestures with a small shake of his head towards the portal, already starting to move away.
Dean quickly mopped up the spilled coffee with a handful of tissues, tossing them into the bin underneath the table with a soft sigh. “Yeah, we talked… Turns out Sergei wasn’t lying. Cas’s grace is running out on its own.”
“Yeah, well… I tried. I wasn’t coping too well after… y’know. Thought a good ol’ fashioned hunt would distract me for a while. No God to fight, just plain Vampires. You saw how that ended up…”
Sam frowned up at him as Dean played around with his tie again, standing up and smacking his brother’s hands away before attempting to fix the tie for him. “You gonna tell me what’s got you so worked up?”
“I don’t even have time to mourn him. All I can think is ‘what the hell am I gonna do now?’ I took a walk through town to try and clear my thoughts and then there’s this overly enthusiastic guy shoving pamphlets in my face and telling me all about the benefits of joining the U.S army. I’m about to tell the guy to piss off and then… Then I start listening.”
Sam smiles at him, gesturing with his finger in a circular motion for Castiel to turn around. Castiel takes in their barely contained grins of pure glee before following Sam’s commands, spinning around on the spot to the entrance of the barn where-
in hand, looking as young as he was when he was brought back to life. Dean would like to think that he kept a respectable pace as he moved towards Cas, but in reality, he knows he all but sprinted to him.
I got you as part of it, too? Ain’t no way in Hell I’m risking fucking it all up again to hunt, Cas. This is it. This is our chance - and I’m taking it.”
less disconcerting, but… he gets the feeling that Dean doesn’t want to be interrupted from his thoughts right now, whether he’s talking to Cas or not.
It only takes a few more seconds before he hears the squeak of one of Baby’s door being opened. Only a few more after that until the hood dips down with an additional weight, the comforting presence of someone next to him. Dean keeps his gaze to the view in front of him as he picks the bottle next to him up, holding it out to the side. He feels the bottle slide out of his hands.
true, and watching Cas practically singing his praises with tears streaming down his face and smiling up at him like Dean is the only thing that matters only reinforces the realization of what Cas is trying to do.
“I don’t understand…” Castiel mumbles, placing a hand on his chest as if he would be able to feel the one thing he shouldn’t have. “I… I don’t have a soul?”
hour of non-stop research, and he was about two more pages away from taking these books to the shooting range and using them as targets. Even poor Miracle was giving him a wide berth, having tried her best to cheer up her stressed looking owner by regularly bringing him some of her favorite cuddly toys and placing them on his lap. She had retreated to her bed with a huff after the fourth squeaky toy failed to bring out a smile from him, keeping a watchful eye over him ever since.
mission accomplished. “Seriously though, man? All this? This is a hell of an accomplishment in the time you and Jack had.”
Sergei exhaled sharply in amusement – along with a hint of admiration – glancing back at Sam over his shoulder. He stepped to the side, allowing Sam to take the last steps down and join his brother and Eileen.
“Right…” Sam mumbles to Eileen, looking to Dean as he continues towards the Impala. “This is going to be a fun car ride home…”
didn’t leave on purpose). “Doesn’t matter how much drugs the hospital pumps you with; you’ll never have as good of a night’s sleep as you do in your own bed.”
brother. Would it make him unbelievably, nail-bitingly nervous to know his brother was out on a hunt without him, out of view and out of reach, unable to sense whether his little brother is in danger? Abso-fucking-lutely. But, then again… Sam has Eileen. Eileen is just as gifted as a hunter as they are – raised into the life, just as they had been.
“He was a guy doing his job who got caught by the wrong people. Bad or good… that was a messed-up thing to do to him.”
Castiel pulls out one of the stools from the bar, dropping it a few steps away from Dean. He takes a seat on the comfortable cushion, content to watch Dean as he plays. “When did you learn?”
Dean’s smile turned sad at the genuine questioning in Jack’s expression. His attention was momentarily distracted by the sight of Sam trudging through the woods towards them, the ends of his suit flapping in the wind as he hurries over to them. “Let’s just say me and Cas have never done things the ‘normal’ way. I never even knew Cas felt the way he did, and me... well, I was too blind to see it myself. Cas was always my best friend, and that was as far as I could see. I didn’t let myself think about seeing Cas as something more until I knew that was something
Sure, he still had Miracle, who was curled up in her memory foam dog bed that Dean had dropped a few pretty pennies on (and still hasn’t told Sam about the actual price). As great as she was for company, it turns out that dogs aren’t so skilled in the whole conversation part of companionship. Unless you count Dean talking to her in that way people talk to their dogs - which he once found annoying but would now be a hypocrite to say so.
“Tất nhiên, chúng hầu hết là những cơn ác mộng. Tôi vẫn chưa quen với khái niệm mơ. Tôi mất một thời gian dài sau khi tỉnh dậy để nhận ra rằng không có cái nào là thật,” (Of course, they were mostly nightmares. I still wasn’t familiar with idea of dreaming. It took me quite some time after waking up to realize that they weren’t real) Castiel continued his previous story – without Dean even knowing it was a continuation. “Nhưng đôi khi, tôi sẽ mơ. Là một con người mới, tôi ... bắt đầu trải nghiệm những điều tôi chưa từng có trước đây. Cảm xúc dâng trào, ham muốn hiển hiện trong giấc mơ của tôi. Anh có muốn biết những mong muốn đó là gì không, Dean? Những điều tôi mơ ước?” (But sometimes, I would dream. As a new, fresh human, I was... beginning to experience things I never had before. Feelings that were heightened, desires that manifested in my dreams. Would you like to know what those desires were, Dean? The things I dreamt of?)
Sam didn’t look like he believed him. “It’s just that… some of the pamphlets the doctor gave me mentioned about how excessive fatigue can be a sign of deterioration of health-,”
“Please don’t do that again,” Eileen said, pushing away from the hug to give Castiel a stern look. “I don’t know how you guys handle this…”
“That’s understandable,” Castiel says, reaching across to hand the phone back over. “But I don’t think there’s any reason to be alarmed just yet. They’re probably just going to get dinner. Sam wouldn’t text you unless there was something new with the case, right? So his lack of communication doesn’t necessarily mean something is wrong.”
Cas can't help but let out a small bubble of laughter once he collides into Dean slightly ungracefully, tripping over his feet when Dean pulls him in. The whole ridiculousness of the situation had proved to be a little bit too much, especially with the fond expression in Dean's eyes as he looks down at him.
“Damaged, not lost.” Cas corrected him. “They were… they were in tatters after the fall. As were all the other angels cast down during the fall… It was the one gift Jack was able to bestow upon me once we had returned to heaven.”
Dean returns the smile with a tender one of his own, pulling out the arm that was pinned under his own body to rest his hand atop Cas’s. “Yeah… and I probably wouldn’t even need a ring – you’ve already branded ‘Property of Castiel’ right here on my arm.”
“Cas… you know how hard it is for me to accept new people into my life. Every time I let them in, let myself care for them… they’re taken away from me. It’s a vicious cycle, and in the past, I decided the best way to break it was to remove the cycle entirely; keep myself distant from everyone who tries to become a part of my life. But you? You were like the world's largest mosquito…” Dean was glad to see that Cas found that as humorous as he did, the tender smile on his face widening briefly as a short huff of laugher escapes him. “You know, at first, it was kinda easy. Taking orders is what I did best back then. For the first time in my life, I didn’t have my dad barking orders into my ear, and I felt strangely lost without them. Then, there you were - always popping up at the most unexpected times, nearly sending me back to ‘perdition’ with the heart attacks you’d induce, reminding me that God had a job for me and giving me orders… I’m not afraid to admit that there were times I wish I’d never met you, Cas. The times where I felt like the burden of being the ‘righteous man’ were too much, the expectations you and all the other angels had for me, it… it felt like it would all be better if you never came into my life. Go back to the way things were before.
Cas’s hand is on his shoulder, warm blood seeping through his shirt. Same shoulder, every time. Always the left,
of his need to comfort his older brother, but knowing the conversation would either get him nowhere, or a black eye.
Dean couldn’t help it. Something about the genuine annoyance in his brother’s voice at the sight of the stairs got to him, cracking up into deep pearls of laughter that echoed around the bunker, hunched over as far as his back would let him.
Sam's about to ask him how he knows when a young blonde-haired woman walks out of the room the boy had come from, an exasperated yet fond look on her face as she chases the young boy down.
Cas in the past, on top of becoming Queen of Hell… the shine of sympathy in her eyes was surprisingly genuine.
Rowena stared blankly at Sam for a few moments. Her eyes flickered between the three of them, waiting for one to reveal the joke. At their serious faces, she raised her glass to her lips and drained the drink in one go, handling the fiery burn of the whisky like it was nothing. “Another God… this one a three-year-old child… what could go wrong?”
"You sure you did the ritual right?" Dean asks Bobby, already getting fidgety. Bobby gives him a bitch face in response to this that rivals Sam's, and Dean looks away with a roll of his eyes. "Sorry... Touchy, touchy, huh?"
Dean could feel Cas go tense under him, the easy-going smile on his face slipping away as Dean’s words replayed in his head. “You… you’re not hunting anymore?”
"Did we?" Dean argued back, and Castiels face fell, hearing the overpowering tone of sarcasm and disbelief in Dean's voice once again.
“I promise I’ll be careful with her.” Castiel interrupted Dean’s scramble to find an answer. Dean glanced up, seeing the conviction on his face that matched the tone of his voice, and knew Castiel
“So, what’s the deal with this place, huh? What makes it so special? Secret family recipe?” Dean asked as they moved what felt like an inch forward.
"Hold on, hold on," Dean stops him, looking over to Cas, pleading. "Cas, we're getting out of here. We're going home."
"I didn't exactly have the most graceful of entrances," Castiel replies sheepishly. "I, uh... Might have missed on the landing..."
“It, uh… wasn’t smooth sailing for them two at first,” Dean answers for Cas. “Claire was pretty bitter for a while; Dad taken by an angel, left in the care of the foster system by her mom… yeah, the reunion wasn’t too great.”
He moved both hands down the side of Cas’s spine, swooping downwards with firm resolve. No wonder Cas couldn’t feel anything, he was rubbing a freakin’ trenchcoat.
‘You’re joking, right?’ He returned to look at Cas, his hand balled into a fist next to his side. ‘This is the problem, Cas. It’s not you being here, it’s that your answer to everything is to leave!’
‘I’ve got the pie.’ Castiel walked in firmly, carrying a bag and placing it in front of his brother. Dean immediately softened, closing off Sam’s words and rummaging through to take out a large, round, apple pie. With cheeks reminiscent of a chipmunk, he grinned at Cas.
Dean got halfway down the corridor when he stopped. A mixture of sadness and guilt turned his stomach. The thought of leaving Castiel alone with all that was between them floating in the same air he was breathing; Dean didn’t like it. Cas meant too much to him, of course he did. He walked back into the library, holding his breath as Cas looked towards him with the shards of a broken heart. Seeing him like that, so
‘You’re not exactly pleased to see me, Dean. I don’t know where Kelly is… I don’t have a good reason for disturbing you-’
This took a while, I wanted to try and write it as close as I could imagine it happening in canon. I hope you like it, it's not perfect but I didn't want to spend too long obsessing over it either. More angst on the way!
But that was before he had created several angel-centric playlists for the sole purpose of gifting the guy a mixtape. He caught his bottom lip between his teeth. ‘But y’know, sometimes, it's still good to ask...’
‘You’re happy?’ Cas widened his eyes with the question. It wasn’t disbelief, he knew Dean was having the desired reactions to what they were doing, but after everything they'd been through  Cas simply wanted to offer whatever solace Dean needed. And he thought that was mostly physical, what he’d gotten from hookups in bars; temporary relief, not
He made a grunt as she pressed her fingers into his cheeks, pushing his jaw together with a smirk before whipping the tape out of his pocket and throwing him onto the cement.
Hearing his name spoken like that tasted of maple syrup dripping from a spoon, right into his mouth. Shit.
Sam grabbed him into a hug, letting Eileen’s hand go as he wrapped the angel up into a welcome. He pulled back and studied him, grinning. ‘It’s true then, that Jack saved you?’
In which case he would have a gentle smirk, one Cas couldn't resist no matter how much he wanted to.
Cas averted his eyes. Reluctant to admit it was Crowley for reasons he couldn't explain; maybe because of the first betrayal all those years ago or what happened when Dean became a demon. Whatever it was, he didn't want to put the extra worry of meeting the King of Hell to discuss Lucifer on Dean.
“Yes Cap’n I do. I’m going to use the tractor beam to sling shot you into the cube. I’ll only have a few moments to beam you out, though.”
"What's g..."  Dean says crouching close to Castiel, but he can't hear Deans voice. He only hears his own processor over heating, throwing itself into over drive. It's compensating, trying to repair it's memory banks while also recalling from it. Castiel's head surges forward, almost colliding with Dean's. Pain shoots up the back of Castiel's neck. It's right where his main sensor bank is located. His vision blurs, darkens to the blood red he remembers from booting up.
"Get to sick bay. We probably have wounded." Cas nodded. Dean turned away from Cas and started to walk. Before he turned the corner, he glanced back, but Cas was already gone. He wanted to say something, at least about Lucifer and what he did to Cas. But, he couldn’t.
“Dean, how did you reverse the telepathy? In all honesty, it shouldn’t work. A human reversing a telepathic link is unheard of.” Dean tilted his head shrugged.
Dean can't understand it, can't hear Castiel because his own heartbeat is louder. At first, Dean only feels the slow gush of blood on his leg, then like a light switch being turned on, he feels a sharp, searing pain on his upper left thigh. Pain bolts through his body and shoots up his spine. Dean looks down as his leg gives out and the keys fall out of his hand. A second bullet clips the side of Dean's thigh, sending him all the way to the ground. He looks back to Castiel. His vision is blurry, though he's not sure if he's in shock or just crying in pain. He pushes a hand down on the wound. There's too much blood coming out. So much blood. He can't think too long about it until Castiel is picking up the keys and swinging the back door open. Castiel pulls Dean up and pushes him into the back door. Dean lets out a groan.
“Bridge to Captain Winchester.” Silence. “Bridge to Commander Winchester, do you read me?” Cas let out a breath and made his way to the turbolift.
Dean blinks again, this time the light is warm and covers his whole body. The first thing he sees is the Harvelle roadhouse. The next thing he sees is Bobby and a few seconds later, Ellen, Jo, Ash, Charlie, Pamela, Missouri and so many others all inside waiting for him.
He rubs a hand over his mouth, almost to make sure it’s still there. He takes his phone in the other hand and lifts it over to Castiel. Castiel takes it in his hands and grips both ends of the phone. He wrenches it and watches as the screen flickers white, red, green, and blue. Cracks in the glass shoot out as the phone is crumpled easily in his hands. Castiel rolls his window down and tosses aiming for the trashcan between gas pumps. The phone hits with a thud as Castiel rolls his window up.
He doesn't have time to think about it because Dean is still breathing, still moving, still alive. The bullet grazed his shoulder. There's blood and the twist in Dean's face shows real pain, but the wound isn't fatal. Castiel pulls on the gun still in Gadreels hand and shoves Dean away, putting himself between the two.
Sam rolled his eyes as Dean laughed. They exited the turbo lift and Dean took his seat in the captain’s chair. Ensign Jo turned around from her post at the helm and spoke.
The moonlight streaming in prickles at Dean's face, this time exposing the grey in his beard and along his temple.
“You came all this way from sick bay to discuss hyposprays? And you didn’t even take the extra shore leave I gave the rest of the crew after the funeral. Cas, what’s going on? If it’s still about Samandriel, it’s okay. The funeral was only a few days ago. It's ok to feel sad. Talk to me…”
Cas closed the distance between them. He placed a hand on Sam’s shoulder and nodded. He looked to Dean, moved his hand to Dean’s shoulder and pulled him into a hug. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas and squeezed him.
“Sam stay with me, thats an order! Officer Winchester Wake up, now! Don't you die on me yet Commander!” Dean said, reaching for the med kit behind him, and pulling out a cloth. He stumbled to Sam and tied it around his leg.
"No no no, stay with me man, come on you can fight this! This is your brain, Cas." Another crash sounded. "We gotta get out of here." Dean said, steadying Cas.
Dean saw a flash of lab coat in his peripheral vision and remembered what had happened on the moon. The moment he had dreaded and begged for had come and gone and now he was laying on a bio-bed, alive. The universe hadn't come to a screeching halt, he hadn’t died like his mother ... he had survived. There was still what felt like eons of pent up emotional mayhem brewing in Dean's mind, but this - this was over.
"You ... You built me." He thinks he shouldn't have said it because the pause of Dean's hands is almost audible. "Just take the lowermost chip out and ... " Castiel scrunches his face in pain. "Reach in with something sharp and long. You'll feel a ridge in the slot. Press it and then replace the chip." Castiel finishes "I'll shut down momentarily but I'll..." Castiel lets out a grown as he loses limb function. "Trust me, Dean, you won't mess me up. Not more than you already have." Castiel says forcing a soft smile. When Dean returns a furrowed brow and wide eyes Castiel starts to slip into a dark place in his programming. He hears Dean still talking at him but it's quiet now. Like hearing music in a cave.
“No, Dean. What is your problem? It doesn’t make any sense for you to go alone. What if Lucifer scans the shuttle and sees you’re the only life sign and our whole plan falls apart. You said this would work.”
"Dean, please stop joking for one moment and tell me why you're doing this." Cas said, tilting his head.
Cas tilted his head and shrugged. He took steps toward Dean until they were toe to toe. He peered at Dean and leaned in.
"Dean ... " Castiel glances back. Dean's eyes are drooping closed as he presses on the wound. Dean's head rolls back against the window, and his hands start to go limp.
“That half-breed doctor.” It took every ounce of Starfleet brand restraint to not knock John out right then and there.
“What do you mean you can’t, Cas. Why the hell are you here? I’m begging you, you can’t do this to me.” Sam feels the anger biting at his throat. “Why did you even come back.”
Dean opened his eyes and was met with a slight breeze, and the smell of ancient paper. He expected to see those blue eyes staring back at him but instead Dean saw a gigantic room in front of him with vaulted ceilings and … no Castiel. The room held row upon row upon row of bookshelves. A library - one lined with dark wood and accented with a dark blue marble. Of course Castiel's brain would be a library. Dean looked around expecting chaos but again was met with a bay window that stood twenty feet tall. Outside, it was raining. Not a hard pelting rain, but a soft rain with a little sunlight peeking through.
"Cas!" Dean yells, helpless as Gadreel shoves the barrel of the gun against his chest. Gadreel looks back to Castiel and snarls.
Except Dean couldn't do it, simply because there was no guarantee that he or Cas would survive the fall. Even though Cas looked at him now like the whole universe revolved around this point in time, he couldn't take that leap.
"I'm going to run, and you're going to stay behind me, exactly behind me, Dean." Castiel almost yells.
"Something wrong? You look like you're gonna shit yourself." Dean chuckles as he begins to pump gas. Castiel turns to face Dean.
“Dad, I can stop the Borg once and for all. Their queen died when Voyager came home. These are the last Borg in this quadrant. They’re weak, I can do this.” John stood and leaned over the desk.
Dean blinks a few times and pulls back, plastering his back to the wall. He lets out a heavy breath and brings two fingers up to pinch the bridge of his nose. He clenches his jaw and purses his lips.
All this time, everyone around him had known, and he had been clueless. Dean clenched his jaw as he felt sweat bead on his forehead. He
“We have to leave, now.” Castiel turns back to Dean. Dean slowly looks to Castiel and then back to the rubble.
“Okay.” Lucifer replied. “Besides, there are plenty of other planets I can assimilate. You have thirty minutes. Don’t be late, Dean.” The screen went dark. Dean took a breath and turned back.
"We're going to need more weapons." Castiel starts. "Gadreel will not go down with just that. We'll need to break in somewhere. A local gun store or something."
“I hand myself over,” he paused thinking of how much Cas would fight him on this one. “We tell Lucifer we give up. We trick him into thinking our transporters are down. I take the Impala and sail my way on over to Luci’s cube. Then at the last second I ram right into it. With the extra shielding on the Impala’s hull we could land the final blow. Ash could beam me out right before I hit, and meanwhile we’ll need everyone to be working on restoring warp to get us the hell out of here, because if we get stuck in that explosion, we'll be in a world of hurt.”
He takes a breath, feeling the weight of his synthetic muscles and skin adjust to the cool temperature. He blinks, his ocular sensors adjusting to the lack of light and he tries ... struggles to remember. The last thing he saw was ... a color, a voice. It's all distant like an image seen through wet glass. His memory processor must be malfunctioning.
"Cas, that's a friggin rifle. You sure you can handle that?" Dean says leaning forward, trying to get Castiel to look back at him.
"Cas.” Dean tried to speak but it was barely a whisper. His back felt like it was on fire and he knew the wounds were bad.
"Cas? Is it … are you..." A low voice calls. It registers as a male, probably in his late 30's. Unit 13 lifts its head to see a human. One with light brown hair and bright green eyes wearing a dark grey jumpsuit. The way the human's unshaven face contorts into a small smile makes Unit 13s head tilt.
Sam was right about this too. What happened on the Durus had Dean reeling. He was so out of it, he didn't even go through his usual ritual of greeting his favorite shuttle, the Impala. The small but sturdy ship had seen him and his family through many battles and it had become a part of the family. Dean usually would run a few scans to make sure she was in tiptop condition and though he'd never admit it, he sang to her. He sang the songs he remembered his mother singing when he was a kid. It was silly, but Dean did it anyways … except this time. He simply threw on his overcoat, opened the Impala door and took his seat at the helm.
"They're a friggin pain in my ass. It's hard work putting you back together all the time, Cas." Dean says, trying to put some lightness in his voice, a hint of laughter but it comes out hollow and lifeless. Castiel looks to Dean and back out the glass wall.
“He had this way about him, this … mournful innocence. Almost as if his soul was eons older than he was. The knowledge of the universe in a small boy. That was Cas. But, you know that changed when he went off to Starfleet. When he left he was the same, silent, little boy that I watched over. When he came back home from that mission his senior year, he was different. His soul was the same, but he was brighter, warmer. It was like he was almost content to know the universe, like maybe the universe had given him something back in exchange for his devastating burden. Something worth suffering for. Even now, when he has suffered through seeing his youngest sibling die, he is alright now.” Anna looked at Dean and tilted her head a bit. “And I think I now know why.”
A signal runs down Castiel spine. Castiel starts to remember, this ... Dean between him and a gun. It's familiar. Castiel's programming surges electricity through his processor. Pain blasts through his artificial nerves. It's too much, this is too much. He reaches up to his head and as his sleeve passes his face he feels his memory shift to someplace else.
‘I should give you a moment alone.’ Cas turned to move but Dean reached out to him, grasping his hand onto the angel's arm. He didn’t want him to leave yet, he still had too much he needed to say.
He sighed, looking at Dean’s possessions anchored both his feet and his heart. The fabric of the hunter sewn to the wall with weapons; stacks of lore books and vinyls on shelves, empty beer bottles between them. Cas sat on the bed and saw the familiar plaid shirts across the chair, all of them were ones Cas had peeled off to press his lips to the skin underneath.
Michael riding him until he was thoroughly broken, and not the sexy kind of riding. Dean shook his head, his mouth falling open. ‘That’s not true and you know it.’
‘I'm going to add white chocolate as well, someone left a review saying it tasted better,’ Cas said, nonchalant. He reached for a block of cooking chocolate, head down but body open. No residual awkwardness in his limbs, no nothing.
‘Well, if it wasn’t Jack or Amara, us or you… Why is she back?’ The relief that Dean felt from knowing Jack hadn’t brought back Charlie was temporary as he heard his brother start talking.
Dean grabbed a blue and green flannel draped at the foot of the bed, swinging it across his shoulders and over the black tee he was wearing. He felt frustrated, what did Sam know about any of this? He had Eileen and was living out a honeymoon phase all over the bunker.
‘Whatever, you know what I mean.’ Dean waved his hand out of the water, watching the angel’s face harden, and took a nervous breath. ‘Look, why don’t you stay, huh? Relax a bit?’
‘You’ve got to talk to me Dean, is this because of Cas? You don’t think Jack would bring Charlie back but not him?’
He pushed past, knocking his trenchcoat open on the way. Castiel stopped, troubled with what to do. Follow him? Is that what he'd want? Leave him alone? He rubbed his hand over his face trying to decide but knowing that he always seemed to get it wrong.
Dean watched as Sam pushed himself up from the table, a small smile at the corner of his mouth before he walked towards the door.
‘Yeah,’ Dean took off his blue and grey plaid and walked to the desk, pouring a whiskey and knocking it back. ‘Wouldn’t wanna do anything stupid.’
‘Cas, please,’ Dean's eyes scrunched together as he grunted into the leather, releasing them with a choked cry as the first wave of come ran down Cas' fingers.
Dean rejected to look at him. ‘I need you to know this.’ He paused. ‘Every time I thought, maybe there’s something real in this, something would go wrong. You’d do something stupid and I’d think I was being an idiot. Why would an angel- how would an angel know what being human feels like? But rather than try to understand, or cut you the same slack I’d give Sam, I’d just get angry. It made it easier y’know.’
But becoming a demon hellbent on destruction and mayhem after Metatron sliced into him like a turkey.
He shared a glance with Sam, who was wearing an equally baffled complexion, his eyes wide and his lips small with concern. ‘Two Charlies?’
His stomach hurt but Dean pressed on, slamming the whiskey down onto the table to let his hand move with his words.
At the same time her eyes flickered from side to side as if fact checking. ‘I died.’ She added. ‘I was in a bathroom, it was-’ Her face drained of colour and Dean sat next to her, placing his arm around her shoulder.
‘How about the door?' He brushed a wet hand across his cheek. If he’d known Cas was going to choose now to drop in, he would’ve settled for a beer and a movie on the laptop.
Sam walked into the kitchen the next morning to find Dean slumped over the table, four empty bottles of beer knocking around his head. He sighed, signing to Eileen to meet him in the library; that he’d get the coffee. He didn’t want her to have to deal with his brother right now, she’d already been through enough.
He took another drink as the first buzz started to trickle through his blood and he perched the bottle on the side. Both hands now free to plunge under the water and pull himself further down.
The voice inside Dean’s head was scathing. He was angry at himself as his fingers lingered on Castiel’s, silently pleading for the angel to link digits with him but he wasn’t tuned in to the signals. Dean knew that Cas would stay fixed there until he moved his hand away. He observed the angel again, his dark hair tousled and his lips full, for a second he wondered if this was real. Lost in the moment, he was caught off guard when Cas raised his eyes to meet his. Dean had never gotten over just how blue they were. He caught his breath. ‘I’m going to have some of that whiskey.’ He lifted his hand off Castiel’s and stood up next to him, taking a large drink before offering it to him.
Dean played with an anxious lip inside his mouth. The mixtape was several rooms away but he could almost smell the smoke coming off it. How many times had he told himself: Cas was an
‘Hey, I’m just telling you how it is, Dean.’ He threw his hands into the air in defence. ‘What’s stopping you? Is it because it feels weird, or is it because deep down it feels right and
“Dean …” Castiel starts. Dean's eyes almost dilate wider at the sound of his name. He lowers his hand with the bottle. Castiel can feel Dean leaning closer, the fabric of his shirt pinching between their shoulders. Castiel continues, “Are you alright?”
"Dean. You may not believe me, but I don't know how else to make you understand." Castiel says shaking his head.
Dean rolled his eyes as his brother cleared his throat. ‘Dude, whatever is going on with Cas, you need to deal with it. I thought you were starting to but it seems like you’ve steered into oncoming traffic or something.’
Dean shrugged, meeting Sam’s eyes across the room. He was sick at the idea but more than anything he felt devoid of faith. ‘Yeah well, what other choice do we have?’
Castiel held a hand to where the spear had stabbed him, nothing left except the memory. He looked at Dean with weighty eyes, steam starting to thicken the room into a nebula warming his face.
But he was still stuck in the demon's minimal words and the tone she'd used, almost a singsong. Monsters, angels, humans; he’d heard all their tricks before but this one troubled him and he couldn't place why. Ignoring the rain tapping on the window, he took one hand off the wheel and reached inside his pocket. Sighing at the tape and tilting his head before knocking it into the cassette player. He turned the wipers on and they squeaked with every drag of raindrops, creating hazy blurs as Cas listened. He really listened. Tropes from Metatron’s cultural knowledge base gathered light and he wondered if mixtapes were symbols of love. Were these love songs? He could ask Dean, and in any other circumstance he would but...
Cas watched him move onto his side and turn the light off, burying himself into the bed as Cas made soft circles over his abdomen and to his hips. Instinctively kissing the bottom of his neck.
'Thanks, Sam. Could’ve just said morning, you know.’ Dean trailed his hand over his cheek and down his throat. Tiny lines creased above his nose as he shared a glance, his eyes shadowed and red.
The purr of his name encouraged the hunter’s hand to climb, his thumb in the hollow of Cas’s cheek and fingertips against his neck. Dean wet his lips, ‘Tell me if this isn’t okay, and don’t you dare lie to me about this…’ -he paused for a beat- ‘…you want this?’
‘Dean, you don’t need to say any of this. Those were my choices, you did everything you could. You always have.’
Dean gave him a sidelong glance as he sat down, scanning the angel’s body then checking his phone for messages. Mary had said her apologies before taking off but he expected
When Dean rolled into the bunker he was unaware of the time, but he was sure he’d seen a clock hit 2am at some point along his drive up and down winding roads.
One gentle press against his forehead and Dean opened his eyes to find himself outside the bunker, rain trickling down his face. ‘Cas?’ He looked around, cold and wishing that the angel had sent him with his jacket. Cas appeared next to him, the jacket hanging off his fingers.
Dean pressed play and Sam’s voice came over the speakers. Cas rolled his eyes as Dean angled his face into
Dean wiped away the perspiration shining on his head and turned to Cas with glassy eyes, sleep still on his face. ‘I died.’
Unsure what emotions were on his face, Cas felt the concern burn off him and he stroked up Dean's arm. ‘You don't need to worry, tonight I won't leave this bed,’ he said, spacing himself backwards but keeping within touching distance. A couple of new marks from Dean's last hunt caught his attention and Cas healed him, the faint glow from his eyes brightening the room before running it back into darkness. Holding onto Dean's arm like an anchor.
‘I’ll live.’ Dean twisted, wanting to stand up and pour a drink but a ripple of sour pain spread throughout. He grimaced, turning his head out of view from Cas and studying the table, waiting for the spasm to ease off.
‘Yeah, yeah.’ Dean took a drink, the slow burn of the alcohol soothing pains and throbs in his own muscles. He watched Cas fumble towards the bed, vacant and searching the glass as he sat down. ‘You look like hell. Why don’t you lay down?’
They opened their eyes together and Dean scanned for any sign of rejection in the angel but found only need. Wrapping further around his neck, Dean kissed him again. Making each one feel like honey, tasting the angel’s lips as if it might be the first and last that they share.
‘Okay, you’ve both been through a lot, I get that. But Dean, you’re going to have to deal with this eventually. You were pretty messed up when-’
Dean sat next to him, raising his brow, ‘Step too far? You know how crazy that sounds, right?’ He paused, tapping the tape, eyes locked onto it. ‘What’s on it?’
He closed his eyes as Dean kissed him. These were always Cas’ favourites; ones where Dean was sleepy, his body waking up with each touch of their lips. He grew deeper into it until they were breathing each other in, softly aching to be together.
His cock ached with tease, but Cas wanted to give as well as he’d received. Glancing at Dean’s lap, he caught the shape of his cock against the denim and Cas sucked in a sharp breath as he palmed over it.
Dean cupped the side of his face and kissed him, Cas gripped harder, both wanting completely as if they were woven into the fabric of each other’s skin. The touch of Dean's hand on his back was soft but the pressure firm as a roll of their hips escaped. And it felt right. Their cocks rubbed, encouraging a second, then a third slow thrust on their way to finding the sweet spot of friction. They hit it with the tip of a tongue between their lips and a moan from their throats.
‘The human body starts deteriorating at age 30 and I know you’ve gone past that…’ Cas continued, roaming his hands around Dean’s back and waxing poetic about the human lifecycle.
‘Of course.’ Cas offered a small smile as he slipped into his trenchcoat. ‘Besides, I need to get back to searching for Kelly.’
Tightening his face, Dean gripped the tape between his thumb and middle finger, checking it over. ‘This isn’t mine.’
Cas knew he had chosen the wrong words as soon as Dean looked at him; leaning against the desk with a noise of disbelief and a cloud across his face, rolling his eyes.
The weight inside Dean was unbearable, knowing that Cas had chosen not to come home ate at his soul until it was a shell. ‘It was my fault.’ He finally said, barely audible.
The tub squawked with warnings and admissions as Cas turned. Their first kiss since love confessions and deathbed traumas, he'd almost forgotten how easy it was to sink; sending electricity into his nerves as Dean deepened it. Their lips breaking away, but just barely as he let his forehead rest into Dean’s with a heavy breath, the shadows of heat tangling their hair together.
‘Awesome!’ Just like that, Dean’s façade fell to the ground as he stood up. He placed his hand on Cas’s arm with a quiet tug. ‘Let’s go get that movie watched!’ Pie in hand, he left the room.
Dean felt a twist in his stomach at the mention of his name, his legs immediately moving himself away and towards where he’d left a piece of toast, sitting sad on a plate next to the oven. He cleared his throat and shook his head, fixating on anything else in front of him that wasn’t his brother.
‘When I said this is it for me, I meant that with this life being the way it is, as long as you were around in
‘Sam, don’t. We both know you’re probably right. Who else could’ve brought her back?’ He placed the bottle back down and looked at Sam. ‘But why wouldn’t Jack come and tell us? Why? Why not-’
Provoked nerves crept over him as he saw Castiel’s blown-out pupils and widened his own eyes in reflex. This time Dean went with all the intent of the past 8 years; for all the moments he’d asked himself what it might be like. He let his mouth part, taking the angel’s lips between his. Gently at first, but as he quickened the pace, Dean couldn't stop his hand roaming onto the back of his head. He tasted human, and Dean twisted his fingers into the angel’s hair as he strummed kisses out of him.
Dean didn’t know which to moan for first. 'Son of a bitch,’ he panted as Cas fucked him and his cock at the same time.
‘Nothing much, it feels like a dream. I was at comic con in a photo op line but when it was my turn I came here. Pretty disappointing if I’m honest, I’d had that pose nailed for weeks.’
Dean rolled his eyes and ushered him out of the door. ‘C’mon, Sammy. Those kids ain’t gonna save themselves.’
The shock was apparent in Cas’s face and for a moment Dean worried he’d pushed a button, but the angel walked over to him and pulled the whiskey from his hand.
Cas narrowed his eyes between distressed hair and dusted cheeks. ‘What does it look like I’m doing, Dean?’
‘You’re a hunter who has literally saved this world repeatedly and I’m an angel that has failed Heaven again and again. We’ve already got targets on our backs without...’ He stopped, pulling his voice away.
Dean’s chest moved painfully with each breath as he kept himself locked into the angel's eyes, it was all too much. He was wet, cold, and his stomach was burning out with nervous energy, self-loathing, and exhilaration. The taste of him was still in his mouth, the imprint of his lips against his own was unbearable. Fraught at how much he was having to resist it, he threw his hands into the air and turned to face the empty road next to him. ‘Son of a bitch!’ He shouted into the night. Shivering, he knew that Cas had approached him and felt the familiar touch against his forehead. Opening his eyes once more he found himself returned into the kitchen, alone.
Dean’s door was closed when Cas reached it but that was to be expected. He ran a hand down his face and drew a sigh, hesitating. Of course, Dean would be angry but until now the repercussions of the last two weeks hadn’t felt acute. He raised his fist to the wood and knocked twice, the second weaker than the first.
Sam turned his attention to the angel, stood with a cloudy expression as he watched Dean walk ahead. ‘Give him time, Cas. He’s already there but he’s still Dean you know?’
A gentle tension fell across Dean’s mouth as he shook his head. ‘Dude, can we just be happy that he’s here for like five minutes?’
‘Tell me what you want.’ Dean stroked harder and longer, taking every bit of his cock as if he was his own.
‘We just live; we’re just ourselves. And you’re right, I’m an angel, my powers might be failing somewhat but I can still take you from the kitchen to outside with one touch.’
Dean paused, trying not to think about Sam’s question or how many times he’d already kissed the angel because
Dean put the beers next to the bed, sitting next to him and propping himself up with pillows. He draped the blanket across his lap with a huff. ‘You’re damn right,’ he held the corner to Cas.
Dean entered the bunker first, the heavy door creaking and calming the taste of the night. ‘You’re staying tonight, no arguments.’
‘Check in, okay?’ Dean murmured into Cas’s ear, his hand jumping to pat his shoulder blade as they separated.
A swarm of bees buzzed in Dean’s stomach as he looked over and saw Cas's face tightly pressed together. The angel really had no idea, Dean would’ve laughed if he’d had any breath left in his lungs. ‘You, me;
Dean stood up, walking with a weary foot as his hand dropped onto Jack’s shoulder. ‘I’m glad you’re home.’ The young Nephilim smiled and Dean turned slow, pointing his finger towards the angel. ‘Cas-’
You could probably understand why it hadn’t clicked in his head yet. What did the deal have to do with what was happening right now? What could
Cas directed most of his attention towards Dean. Do you have any idea the number of times I’ve been caught in the middle of the conversation between the two of them with
heard my prayer… but then again, the point of it was that I regretted not being able to tell you in person.”
“I’ve observed over the Earth in many forms. Though, I have to say, this vessel has probably been my favorite,” Castiel peeled the right side of his trench coat to the side, gazing down at it with a fond smile. “You really were Chuck’s greatest creation, you know.”
The engine of the Impala purrs in the distance. They’d tracked him down, which he’d expected they would. He just…
Cas’s trench coat was draped over his legs, ready to be placed into the sigil when Sam signaled for it for the spell. None of it seemed real. Everything felt so hurried, so…
“Relax – that disgustingly shiny soul of his is still in there,” Rowena rolled her eyes at Dean’s protectiveness.
Castiel takes a seat on the edge of the bed, letting out a tired sigh when Dean remains silent next to him. His eyes were still firmly fixed on the ceiling, only barely able to see the worried look Castiel was throwing over his shoulder out of the corner of his eye.
“I don’t know,” Sam admits to her. “I want to believe that we have the answer. That Cas is going to be okay, and all we need to do is follow the spell.”
. Sure, he'd been human for like a day but Dean had blown that too. He tried to find answers in the floor tile.
Without waiting for a reply, Dean spotted his laptop on the other side of Cas. Embarrassment gnawed into his stomach as he noticed flour and sugar scattered over the keys.
He breathed the angel’s name hoping to reassure him, before closing his eyes again and pressing their lips together. This time, Dean didn’t move away. He leaned into Cas, moving to cup his face softly. He felt Cas touch his waist with featherlight fingers, barely enough to register that they were even there but it sent shockwaves down his spine. Deepening the kiss, butterflies in his stomach freed themselves and floated out, rousing his body. The moment took him completely, and he felt himself respond to the angel in every way possible. Cas tightened his grip before releasing.
Cas grimaced as Dean spoke, letting his mouth fall open in dejection as he gazed out of the window, searching for words. ‘This isn’t right,’ he finally said.
Dean watched Sam stride into the kitchen wearing pyjamas and his hair even more ruffled than usual. Bed-head wasn’t strong enough to describe it, Dean would usually poke fun but it didn’t even render a choked chuckle from his body.
They shared an exchange, Dean’s mouth falling open as Cas looked sheepishly away. The hunter took a sharp breath, eyebrows arching. ‘You really found that to be-? I mean, angels, you can feel
The hunter shifted in his seat, Cas holding him with a stare that Dean struggled to pull himself out from.
Cas surrendered his strength and Dean tried to stay a respectful distance behind. Draped over him loosely and concentrating on moving the spoon around the bowl.
As if in response, Cas mimicked the hunter’s actions, placing his fingertips on Dean’s shoulders and sending the hunter’s body into an electric shock. Water shook beneath them as the angel tipped his weight and held him against the tub, Dean tightening into Cas's hair before releasing and sliding his hand to cup the angel's face. The noise of the heater purred as they both let out barely audible huffs, until finally, Dean needed to catch his breath.
as though he’d been pining all this time just to then angel his way into oblivion after a kiss? To Dean, that added more timber to the fire in his belly, screaming that Cas didn’t know what he was talking about.
‘Really?' Dean dragged his palm over his jaw. 'You're not gonna tell me? You got your naked ass on my sheets but you can't tell me where you're going? Super.'
Brushing sleep out of his eyes, Dean checked the time. It was 5.23am and the weight of Cas was lost, he looked to find the angel sitting next to him.
‘The hell is wrong with you? I don’t want to sit down right now, Sam.’ Finally, Dean let his eyes move but only as far as Jack. He saw the confusion, the sadness on his face and felt his heart crush under it. This isn’t what he came here for, who’d want this?
‘Can we get something to eat?’ Jack beamed into the room, walking with the confidence of a new God but the excitement of a son returning home.
‘What are we watching?’ Cas asked, his voice subdued as Dean enthusiastically set a bowl of popcorn and four beers on the bedside table.
The air grew thick with humidity and the windows fogged over as Cas picked up pace, feeling close to release. He pushed himself upright, strangling out Dean’s name as he tempted his orgasm.
‘Yeah,’ Dean mumbled as he took it out from the pocket, checking the screen with weary eyes. ‘It’s Sam…’
Using Sam and Jack’s moment to step next to Cas, Dean lowered his voice into a cracked whisper. ‘You didn’t tell us you’d gone.’ The angel didn’t answer, sending frenzied nerves climbing inside Dean's head. He tensed his arms, the silence fuelling him to face him directly.
The room was in darkness when Dean shot up in bed, Castiel hearing him breathe heavily for a few moments before slowing down.
‘We’ll get him back Dean. We’ll check everything we have. There’s gotta be a way to break him out of the Empty, with or without Jack’s help.’
Dean’s eyes widened as if dawn had just broken, but he was still unreadable. Not looking anywhere except Cas as his breathing grew jagged, ‘Don’t put this on me, man.’
‘What the hell is this, Cas?’ He asked under his breath, allowing Castiel to see his face more open than he would’ve liked.
‘Oh,’ He moaned, closing his eyes. 'Son of a bitch.' Tingling with pleasure, a second groan escaped from his breath, the heat started to climb like ivy around his face.
Finding Charlie’s body was one of his worst nightmares, a scar that never faded and he’d been forced to accept her brutal demise into his life. One of many in that job. ‘I’m sorry kiddo, you didn’t deserve that.’ He whispered.
Dean walked to the opposite side of the bed, sitting down before he noticed the angel slotting himself into the chair. ‘Cas, don’t do that.’
‘Yeah, exactly.’ Dean pulled the bed cover to his chest and rolled a hand over his face. ‘Look, with Mom back and Lucifer out there, I think Sam has bigger worries than this. He’s probably just happy that we’re happy.’
Sorry to keep you waiting even longer but we're nearly at the end. I couldn't finish without a couple of little TFW 2.0 moments.
‘That Dean,’ -she ran black eyes over it with a glow of amusement across her red lips- ‘gotta hand it to him, I didn’t realise he was such an old fashioned romantic.’
The pair faced each other with two glasses of whiskey. Dean felt tired but he didn’t want to leave Cas without any reason for his behaviour. He took a sharp breath, having poured Cas a drink in silence whilst he thought it over; he’d sat them both down, buying time until he had an answer. Finally, there wasn’t anything left in his head.
‘Don’t…sit there. Come on, up here.’ He patted the space he’d left next to him on the bed, his heart feeling fast as Cas warily moved towards the bed like a bee hovering over a flower. It was clear to Dean that both were feeling the nerves; they were magnets pushing against each other and Dean would’ve laughed if it’d been anyone else. He could pick women up with a side-eye and little smirk, but this. He didn’t even know what
‘You’re-’ Cas stroked the firm outline then looked at Dean with desire and affection sloping his eyes. ‘Dean, you’re really hard.’
‘Cas said he hadn’t been able to work out what that was.’ He cast a glance towards the table wondering if to stop there, leave it at that, but instead he pressed on. ‘He said it was something he wanted but couldn’t have. And I just stood there, barely following a word he was saying. Billie was banging on the door, I thought she was going to kill us, you know?’ Dean paused again, inhaling deeply and catching Sam as he raised an eyebrow, probably trying to work out where this was going. ‘He said a lot of this and that but what it came down to, what his happiness was… That he loved me.’ He swallowed hard, moving on rapidly. ‘The stuff he said man, nobody-. And I just-I stood there. I watched him say all these things and then just like that, watched the Empty take him.’
Dean had dragged a table to the bottom of the bed, propping the laptop up and switching it on as he noticed Castiel walking past the room. ‘Cas! Where you going?’
His chest expanded as he sank into Cas’s eyes, both refusing to look anywhere except each other. He took a deep, stomach-reaching inhale as the next track started, the drum enabling Cas to regain control of his gaze.
‘Just be glad that Jack is in Heaven this week,’ Sam mumbled through the door. They heard him walk away, his loud feet echoing through the wall.
Cas paused, the last few weeks scorching around his body like the embers of a fire; his muscle memory working hard. He took a sharp breath, looking into Jack’s eyes and hoping he’d understand.
