“Well, you know how tiring travelling can be, so I’m gonna go nap,” says the engineer with an awkward cough. Bruce and Natasha smirk knowingly while Bucky continues to eye his projection on the screen.
“Don’t,” he snaps. “I’m not telling anyone, and you better not either, Bruce. I mean it. It was hard enough for me to trust you with this.
“I see you’ve slept,” she comments, eyebrow raised. Tony frowns for a moment until he looks in the little box displaying his own face and sees the state his hair is in, sticking up all over the place and resembling a crazy scientist look. “That’s a good thing, at least.”
However many hours later, a doctor finally turns the corner and heads straight for Tony and Pepper, who Tony has to shake awake gently. She peels her eyes open and removes her head from Tony’s shoulder, blinking blearily for a moment. She sees the doctor and stands, pulling Tony up with her.
“Tony knows better than anyone how it feels to be completely alone despite being surrounded by dozens of people, and he knows how tough it can be to deal with your problems when you think no one cares, and he has helped all of us during our lowest times because he doesn’t want us to feel the same way that he does. If he can help all of us, I think it’s only right that we at least try to help him.”
They exit the gym shortly after, heading to their own separate floors to shower. Tony turns the temperature up to the last dial and finds comfort in the way the hot spray scalds his skin and seems to warm him up from the inside out. He tips his head back into the water and closes his eyes and he stays like that up until the water turns cold. He switches off the shower, steps out, and wraps a fluffy white towel around his waist while he exits his en-suite.
“Tony!” yells Rhodey from inside the car, glaring at his best friend as the elevator doors open. Natasha drops the wheelchair to the ground and breaks into a sprint. “Don’t you dare!”
It’s Bruce who discovers Tony later, typing rapidly on his tablet with his left hand and flicking around various holographic images and enlarging them with his right. Three empty beer bottles, one of which is in pieces on the floor, lay scattered around Tony like a trail of breadcrumbs. The fourth bottle is perched on top of a stack of documents and is half empty. Bruce catches sight of the holographic plans and images on display and winces in sympathy.
The line goes dead and Tony runs a hand through his hair. His arms are covered with goosebumps so he sighs and heads back inside the hospital and returns to Pepper, who is still asleep and bundled up in Tony’s sweater just like she was when he left her. Tony sighs and wishes, not for the first time, that he had some alcohol with him.
Bruce is the first to move and he sits on the end of the couch and leans across the armrest to talk to Rhodey, presumably about how he’s doing. Clint and Sam are the next to move and they sit down beside each other on the couch across from Bruce, and Redwing perches on the armrest and preens when Sam strokes his feathers gently. Natasha heads over and sits next to Bruce, as she is apparently also interested in speaking with Rhodey. Bucky seems content with taking a seat on the armchair, and Steve hovers awkwardly until he decides to just remain standing.
“Already on it, boss,” she replies. “It appears that your ring and middle finger on your right hand are broken and your wrist is sprained, and one of your knuckles on your left hand is fractured. I would recommend you receive immediate medical assistance.”
“Jetlag is the worst,” says Bruce solemnly. Bucky glances at the doctor and then back at Tony. "But you're lucky it's only three hours and not twenty four."
with his eyes. Natasha, bless her soul, seems to understand exactly what Rhodey is trying to tell her and gives a curt nod.
This prompts Rhodey, who wheeled over with a glare as fierce as Pepper’s own in the midst of her rant, to look down at Tony’s hands. He frowns for a moment, the same as Pepper, and then he begins to look uneasy.
“Yes, Captain. Mr. Stark has asked to be alerted of every person wishing to gain access to his workshop as well as his private floor, including Ms. Potts and Colonel Rhodes.”
Truth be told, over time it became harder and harder for me to write this fic. In the beginning, I enjoyed cracking open my laptop and writing until my eyes were too fuzzy from staring at a computer screen, and the comments I received fuelled my confidence and energy and I was busting out chapters
“I haven’t opened it yet,” Tony blurts. Steve’s face falls and Tony hates that he still feels the urge to wipe the frown away. “I’ve been busy.”
that never fails to make Tony snort. Tony also finds himself chatting to Peter Parker quite often nowadays, even if the kid overuses emojis and abbreviates every word possible. Tony has even tried to keep on top of his drinking and he only drinks two low percent beers per day now. All in all, Tony finds his life is finally going the way he wants it to... until, of course, it all comes to a screeching halt.
and suddenly I don't matter anymore. And while he chokes me, or beats me, or stabs me to death and leaves me to bleed out in some abandoned building, the last thing I always see is you. You stand there, and you watch him kill me, and you don’t even care. You barely even blink.
“Bed,” Tony repeats, softer this time, as if he knows what Steve is thinking and thinks the exact same thing himself. Steve finally agrees and allows himself to be lead out of the bathroom and back into bed by Tony’s firm grip on his hand, unwilling to let go even for a second.
Everyone stares at Tony in shock but Tony only has eyes for Steve (and not in the romantic sense, this time). Emotion seems to roll over Steve’s face like a tidal wave until he breathes in a deep, shaky, breath and exhales slowly, and when his eyes open again the usual bright blue of them has been replaced by a dull, darker shade. The super soldier’s face remains a carefully constructed poker face.
They fall into a momentary silence, both men content to just sit there. Tony opens his mouth, then shuts it, and then opens it again to ask the vague question, “Y’know earlier? Who else heard?”
“Who targeted them?” asks Bucky from the corner. His face is a hard mask when Tony glances at him. “Was it Hydra? AIM?”
“You’re going to anyway,” says Tony with a deadpan stare. He takes a slow sip of his drink and watches Barnes over the rim of the glass.
Slowly, Tony dips the tip of the needle in and pulls the top of the syringe up so that it fills with the serum. Dum-E makes sure to keep the test tube perfectly still, even though there’s barely even a drop left in it now. Tony examines the bright orange liquid, which seems to almost glow, and takes in a long, deep breath.
Something I can tell you, though, is that I read everything you write to me, and it warms my very cold soul to see that some people didn't give up on me (or this fic, obvs) in times when I had given up on myself. I am nearly always on this website - in instances when I am not, I receive e-mails of my notifications - and if anyone would like someone to listen, or to offer a few words of simple encouragement, you know where to find me.
“Not unless you do anything that I just told you not to do, which I’m sure one of you will because apparently that’s a common thing for you guys. I’m sick and tired of being patronized. You fuck up and I will be more than happy to kick you out.”
A loud crash sounds from the kitchen and they both look towards the opening leading into it to see Clint lying on the floor, shaking with silent laughter. Tony hears the low murmur of other voices in the kitchen, too, but ignores them in favour of defending himself against Pepper’s yelling.
Tony stares blankly ahead for a moment before blinking rapidly. “Well, good morning to me,” he mutters, scrubbing a hand over his face.
Bruce sighs and scratches the back of his neck. “I won’t tell anyone, Tony.” Tony sighs with relief and his shoulders sag from their previously tensed position. “But that means that you actually have to tell me what’s going on. I barely know what the pills are for, and I spotted Steve running out of things to break in the gym earlier, so obviously something isn’t right.”
Steve knows it’s a lie. Tony knows that Steve knows it’s a lie. Neither of them says anything for a long moment.
Tony feels like a deer caught in headlights as Pepper and Rhodey look at him expectantly. Here, right in front of him, are the two people who have always tried to be by Tony’s side no matter what. They are the two whom have always tried to do right by him and, for the most part, succeeded. Even when they wronged him, it was always over something small and they would do their damndest to make it up to him again. Suddenly overcome with guilt, Tony avoids their eyes and looks down at his bare feet.
I wrote a good portion of this chapter while listening to the song "I Was So Sure" by Former Vandal so I would highly recommend listening to it. The lyrics remind me a lot of Tony, especially the lines: "I was so sure but I fell short. I thought I'd stand tall, and shake the ashes off. I told myself that I could be strong. I was so sure."
“There is plenty of food in the common floor kitchen, boss,” says the AI helpfully. “Mr. Wilson is making pancakes as we speak.”
Tony swallows his second mouthful of pie and shakes his head. “No, you sit down, Pep. I’ll get them.”
Pepper gasps softly and sniffles, and Tony’s heart aches as he swings the strap of the bag over his shoulder and jogs back down the stairs. “No, no, I’m okay. Just hurry, Tony, please. I have to go now, but I’ll see you later.”
. I’m afraid that if I put my art out there, it’ll lose its meaning and be just another thing in my life that has changed. I’m not going to let that happen, not if I can help it.”
Tony sighs in defeat. “Okay, okay, fine. Just let me go get changed,” he says, already shuffling across the floor to his bedroom. Natasha nods and perches herself on the arm of the couch, arms crossed over her chest. She raises an eyebrow when Tony pauses in annoyance.
It’s Steve’s turn to shake his head now – a jerky movement that looks more unintentional than anything else, but still gets the message across. “Why are you giving up on us? You have to fight for the things you love, Tony. I’m always willing to fight for you, to die for you, but would you do the same for me?”
Steve’s eyes widen a fraction as he recognises the words from his first encounter with Tony, back when they fought like cats and dogs and had no idea of the future that lay before them. He takes a step back and lowers his head, feeling ashamed and guilty, and Tony walks past him with a quiet scoff.
“Does it matter?!” yells Tony, nearly throwing the bottle at the wall with the force that he flings his arms out. “That’s two things you conveniently forgot to mention to me, but yet again
Natasha tilts her head and bites the inside of her lip, chewing on it as she thinks. “Okay,” she says after a moment. “You’ve got yourself a deal, Rogers.”
“So you decided to chance your arm and come back here?” says Tony in a shaky voice before he can try and stop himself. Natasha glances at him over her shoulder, conveying the message ‘
Pepper is pacing up and down the sterile corridor of the hospital in bare feet when he sees her for the first time in months. Her clothes are torn and scorched and her hair is a tangled mess and her broken heels have been abandoned on the floor. Tony runs towards her and engulfs her in a hug, and continues to hold Pepper while she breaks down and keeps a tight grip around Tony’s neck as she sobs into his shoulder.
“At least you had good company,” says Clint, appearing by Tony’s elbow with a wide grin and Wanda following behind him. Tony just about manages to suppress his surprised flinch. Clint takes one look at Tony and whistles, which makes the engineer grunt as the loud noise worsens his headache. The archer grins apologetically at him. “Sorry, man, but you look like shit. How much did you drink last night?”
Steve’s eyes widen and he takes an eager step forward. “Sorry, but what did this man look like? Did you see his face?”
he thinks with a bitter expression. For whatever reason, Tony is unable to decide whether it’s a good thing or not.
to ask what’s going on?!” Pepper’s chest heaves up and down from excursion and as her mouth opens to rant some more, her eyes trail down to look at Tony’s hands and she frowns. “Why are there no bandages?”
“Easy,” she repeats, and then enters the elevator to leave Tony staring at her with a dumbfounded expression until she reaches out and drags him in. “Plus, this could be a good way to check for any other side effects from that experiment of yours.”
Tony nods and flees from the room before anything else can be said. Steve is left staring after him, wanting nothing more than to run after his ex-lover but knowing that it would be unwelcome. Steve is left with a single thought running through his mind like a mantra:
Pepper and Happy’s sofa is comfortable and their light blue throw is surprisingly soft, and yet Tony is unable to get more than an hour’s sleep. A single stupid nightmare scared him awake with a desperate gasp, lungs burning and tears drying on his cheeks. It was a blur of flashing images, choppy and unclear, but he thinks they played out a scene. He remembers the sound of repulsors blasting, pained grunts, a metal arm punching a hole into a solid wall. Haunting laughter echoes in his mind even as he fearfully eyes the shadows of the room, until finally, Tony feels so on-edge that he turns on the lamp by the TV and the light in the kitchen.
“He was tall - around your height, Steve – and had blonde hair, but that’s all I saw,” says Pepper. She looks apologetic and Steve catches the barest hint of a sad smile on her lips. “Sorry we can’t be more helpful.”
. He feels Natasha’s small hands guide his head onto her shoulder and she begins to rub soothing circles into his back while encouraging him to focus on her breathing and to copy her. It takes a while, but Tony eventually calms down enough to pull away from her shoulder and he apologises for crying onto her t-shirt.
“You’re a liar,” Tony repeats. “You told me that you wouldn’t say anything and yet you went and did exactly that. I trusted you, and you betrayed me.”
“I, uh,” Tony licks his lips nervously. “Everything’s just... worse. My panic attacks, my nightmares, my drinking. They’re all so much worse than they were before the whole Registration Act and the fight that followed it. I’m terrified all the time, I only sleep when it’s induced by alcohol and at that my nightmares wake me up after an hour. I can’t look at Steve without feeling like I’m about to be attacked. It’s as if danger is lurking around every corner.”
deserve the benefit of the doubt? What sort of sick, twisted conversation are we having right now?” He laughs coldly and shakes his head, scratching at the scars on his left forearm as he does. Tony’s anxiety disappears for a moment and his anger takes over, raging like a storm. “Stick to your first asshole presumption that you had about me, okay? I don’t care whether you like me or not, Barnes, so I’m sorry to say that your visit has been pointless. I’ve got bigger things to worry about than what you think of me.”
Apparently the avoidance becomes a problem for Steve, who shows up to Tony’s workshop unannounced one day and has the audacity to start yelling at Tony and play it off like all of this is
FRIDAY pauses long enough for more of Tony’s tears to begin their descent of his face before catching in his goatee. “Of course, boss,” she replies eventually.
“Sorry, boss, but Agents Barton and Romanoff are requesting your presence on their floor immediately,” says FRIDAY, Tony’s new female AI with a chirpy Irish accent. Tony looks relieved and brushes past Steve before the super soldier can stop him.
“Don’t wanna hear it, FRI,” Tony cuts in. It feels good to know that his AI cares about him, programmed or not, but he has more important things to be doing right now. “You know the drill; don’t let anyone in or out without my say-so. I don’t care what happens, unless I’m on he brink of death no one is allowed access, not even Rhodey or Pepper.”
“At least you’ll be with who?” asks Natasha after a very long silence. Her gaze is directed at Tony and he knows that she understands exactly what he meant but she wants him to explain anyway. He shrugs and then winces slightly when the action causes his shoulder to erupt with pain.
The room goes quiet enough that, if a pin were to drop, you would hear it loud and clear. Tony clenches his jaw and meets Steve’s eyes with a fiery glare, having caught what Steve was about to say before he backpedalled. “I’m so very sorry that you think my parents’ murder is such a small incident, Steve, but I guess that apology is as false as your own.”
Barnes raises his eyebrows. “Hardly,” he grunts. “I don’t understand proper emotions yet. People are too damn complicated and they seem to think a dozen things every second, just like you do. What I came up here to say is maybe that’s why I don’t like you. I mean you hate my fuckin’ guts but you still let me stay here, and Natasha seems to like you much more than she’s willing to admit and I trust her judgement.”
Right now, Tony doesn’t feel anything. He just feels numb and alone with only his alcohol and depressing memories as company. Tony gathers up the pictures and papers and brings them, along with his beer and lighter, out onto the landing pad. There’s hardly any breeze at this time in the evening, so Tony is able to set the papers and photographs onto the ground without them blowing away. He stares at the photo of his father lying atop everything else and crouches down next to the pile, continuing to stare at the photo even as he ignites the lighter and sets it all on fire. Tony discovers that watching his father’s smirking face melt away to nothing is rather soothing.
“I’m already getting dressed,” Rhodey cuts in abruptly. Tony can’t help but smile and has to wipe under his eyes to catch the few tears that dared to fall. “You can explain it to me once I get there, okay? Try not to beat yourself up over it, Tony.”
I had the absolute best time reading the comments on Chapter 5. You guys are so sweet and encouraging it makes my heart melt. I also got a great kick out of all of the comments wishing Tony and Pepper would just punch everyone in the face. I must say, you make it sound very tempting...
” he yells, battering his skull with his fists so hard that his vision darkens and goes rather blurry.
“Tony, I don’t think I can get past all of those people by myself,” says Rhodey, sounding rather uncertain. Tony steps up behind him and grabs the handles of the wheelchair, pushing forward as the excited yells from the reporters outside grow louder and louder with each step.
“You don’t know shit about what I need,” Tony snarls. “What I need is for people to stop going behind my back because they think they know what’s best for me. None of you get a say in how I handle my own problems. None of you get to say if and when I need help. You weren’t trying to be there for me, you were trying to fix me, but I can fix myself just fine if you would all
, he thinks grumpily. Despite their rather long time together, Tony and Steve hardly ever had the chance at a morning so domestic. Sure, they woke up together plenty, but they were always rushing out the door with chaste kisses and coffee-to-go. Whenever they
The next time that Steve and Tony meet in the Tower, Steve is getting his ass handed to him by Natasha while Bucky cheers them both on from the sidelines, depending on who’s got the upper hand, like a dedicated sports fan would at a game. They’re the first to use the new and improved training room on the basement level of the Tower and despite his unease at being in the same room as Steve and Bucky, it pleases him greatly to see that the room he worked so hard on is finally getting some use. The only reason that Tony is even in the training room and not up in his lab is because one of the moving targets has gotten stuck, a fact which FRIDAY notified him of after Natasha had used the targets to try out her new Widow’s Bite prototypes. He concludes that Steve, and presumably Bucky, have yet to notice him slaving away in the corner of the training room since they haven’t said anything to him or made any smart comments (in Bucky’s case) since entering twenty minutes ago. Natasha, he knows, has seen him because she sees everything. It’s a widely known fact.
“If he’s gonna kill me, I wanna a’least have a fair fight,” states Tony, slurring his words and swaying dangerously in his chair. He blinks owlishly for a moment as a wave of nausea sends his stomach reeling. Steve is crossing the room before he can even think about it, ordering FRIDAY to alert the others as to what is happening.
. Tony has been living and working in his Malibu home for a little over a month now, and it’s been working rather well for him. He texts Nat and Bruce regularly and they fill him in on the happenings in the Tower and about all of the funny things that Tony has missed, most revolving around Clint or Sam. Rhodey calls him twice a week without fail and Tony listens to his best friend rant about his recovery and hospital visits and “
Tony, knowing that he’s about to have a panic attack if both super soldiers don’t leave the room immediately , nods his head jerkily and attempts to conceal a gasp as his chest begins heaving up and down. “Fine,” he croaks. “Stay. You know where the free floors are.”
“Saying no offence only means you’re about to offend the fuck out of someone,” Tony interrupts with a raised eyebrow. Bucky shoots him a cold look.
“That makes two of us,” Bruce responds. His voice is gentle and soothing and washes over Tony like a calming tide. “Please, do this one thing for me.”
“Never said I was concerned,” says Bucky lightly. “But it ain’t an act, neither. I care for Steve, he cares for you, I’m just tryna make him happy again. I dunno what you said to him today, but it must’ve been fuckin’ rough ‘cause he hasn’t quit crying all day.”
“I’m so proud of you, Bird Brain. You’ve done Clint and me proud,” he mocks. Sam bows jokingly and waggles his eyebrows. Tony hops down from his seat and backs up towards the doorway, ignoring Bucky and Steve and the swell of pain in his chest. “Well, I’ve got shit to do and not enough time to do it, so I’m going to go do what I do best.”
Tony remains by the door staring at his close friend laying in the hospital bed, transfixed. The lamp seems to showcase the worst of Happy’s injuries; the gashes covering his face and neck, the singed clumps of hair, the burn marks littering his arms and presumably other areas covered by the hospital gown and sheets. Pepper rests her cheek against Happy’s limp hand and turns her gaze upon Tony, looking exhausted and worn yet still prepared to knock some heads together if she must.
“Wanda, you and Tony have never really gotten along but the second that he found out you didn’t have the money to give your brother the memorial service you thought he deserved, Tony paid for it all. He even created the Pietro Maximoff Foundation to honour him and to help those left homeless or injured or who lost someone as a result of the battle in Sokovia.” Wanda’s eyes grow teary and she swallows around the lump in her throat as Natasha continues forward.
, his mind whispers. Tony grimaces and turns around in his stool to face the large screen. The sound of Pepper’s heels fade away after another moment, and Tony drops his head against his workbench with a groan. It isn’t until he sits upright once more that he notices the dent his head made in the solid countertop.
“No,” Tony interjects. He clears his throat and sniffles. “No thanks. Don’t tell anyone about what has occurred today, please. I’d rather not have Pep and Rhodey on my case, too.”
, go.” Tony’s hand falls away from Steve’s chest and goes limp at his side. His heart rate picked up a significant amount somewhere during his rant, but Tony isn’t finished yet. “If you ever loved me, you would do this for me.”
Despite the horrible pounding in his skull that medication can’t force away, Tony is having a pretty good morning. Good enough, in fact, that he almost entirely forgets about the fact that he has thrown away everything he holds close to his heart. It’s a good morning, until Steve and Bucky walk in after their run. Tony is in the middle of popping another advil and listening intently to Sam’s story about how he recently dealt with a racist reporter when they enter, and at first he doesn’t even notice. In fact, the only reason he notices at all is because of the cheerful greetings and the raised eyebrow Natasha is aiming at him from across the kitchen.
The metal clanging comes to a stop, and Steve looks around until he sees Tony wheeling himself out from beneath... something, Steve isn’t sure what. The smaller man wipes his dirty hands off on his jeans and manages to pull himself to his feet without any visible effort. Steve raises an eyebrow. Tony raises one back.
“You bet,” he replies, voice muffled around the delicious pancakes. “Fuck, I love these pancakes. They’re almost as good as Natasha’s ptichye moloko cakes.”
“FRIDAY,” he murmurs softly, bringing the syringe around the back of his head and resting the tip of the needle against the correct spot. “If something goes wrong, make sure that things are kept running smoothly with the company and the Tower... and make sure no snot-nosed lawyer gets their hands on my will. I trust that Pepper will handle it all but, just in case, you know what to do.”
,” Tony grits out. “No. You’re going to stay right there and you’re all going to see what a coward your Captain is. What else haven’t you told me about, Steve, huh? How about that kiss between you and Sharon Carter? Aunt Peggy’s niece, remember her?”
“I don’t know what to do next. I’ve been to visit Pepper and Happy and spoken to them about what happened, and Pepper said a man ran into them but they saw nothing else, and FRIDAY said that the IED was in-”
“Tony, stop whining and come on. You haven’t trained properly in who knows how long, and even if you’re not an Avenger anymore you still need to keep fit and prepared for an attack.” Natasha glares at Tony when he opens his mouth to object. “You’re not getting out of this.”
Tony grunts around the mini screwdriver in his mouth and turns to the screen to his right. He enlarges a part of the holographic blueprint of Clint’s new hearing aid/comm. link and studies it for a moment. The clicking of Pepper’s heels against the floor grows louder the closer she get to the workshop, not that Tony is paying attention to anything other than his work. With minimum effort, he wheels himself backwards in his stool to grab another screwdriver with a different head from his mini toolkit and hums along to the music playing. Pepper clears her throat as Tony is unscrewing a piece of the hearing aid to get a closer look at the wiring.
Happy grunts from next to him and weakly slaps Tony’s shoulder. “I did not need that image in my head.”
True to her word, Natasha wakes Tony at 6am the next morning, She is already dressed in her exercise clothes and her hair is pulled back into yet another high ponytail. She poses as a menacing figure, looming over Tony with his sheets clutched firmly in her hands and almost giving him a heart attack. Her lips form a smug smile at the undignified squawk that leaves him.
“You began throwing up in your sleep, sir, and I took the liberty of informing Colonel Rhodes since he is your emergency contact. Based on my scans, it doesn’t appear as if anyone is awake yet aside from yourself.”
A small part of Tony’s mind agrees with the Captain and deep down he knows that killing Spymaster isn’t the answer, but then he remembers Happy’s much-needed advice during the emotional shitstorm that was the Sokovia Accords and he ignores the niggling voice in the back of his brain and instead focuses on Happy’s comforting words; ‘
Natasha uses Tony’s vulnerability against him and uppercuts his jaw, sending his head back and causing his vision to blur slightly. Her fist flies towards his face again but Tony catches it with his hand and bends her arm, not getting a chance to see Natasha wince as he has to duck to avoid a punch from her other hand. Seeing the opportunity, Tony tackles her onto the mat and they begin to wrestle for the upper hand. Natasha manages to roll them over and pin Tony’s arms beneath her so that she can assault his faced with her fists, but Tony’s new strength allows him to throw her across the gym with hardly any struggle. Sweat is pouring down his neck, back, arms, legs, and even getting into his eyes, but Tony is too focused on the fight to notice. Blood trickles down Natasha’s pale face and drips off of her chin but there isn’t a trail of sweat on any obvious part of her body, which Tony isn’t the least bit surprised by.
Tony continues pushing past the throng of reporters until he finally reaches his Audi, which isn’t totally ideal for a man in a wheelchair but they’ll make do. He unlocks the doors and opens it for Rhodey, who has just enough strength gained in his legs to be able to hoist himself into the passenger seat and shut the door. Tony manages to fold the wheelchair up with little struggle and tosses it into the trunk before hopping into the driver’s seat and peeling away from the hospital. He continues to speed down the lanes, ignoring Rhodey’s remarks about ‘dangerous driving’ and how Tony has a ‘death wish’. He ignores him and continues to drive. Tony doesn’t stop and think until both he and Rhodey are safely inside the tower.
“Tony...” mutters Natasha in warning. Sometimes Tony really hates how well she knows him. He clenches his jaw and inhales deeply, and then turns to push past Wanda and Steve to head inside. His cuffs for the armour lay forgotten on the breakfast bar and Tony fits them on quickly and without a word. When he turns, he is the closest to Steve than he has been in
Pepper shakes her head. “No, I don’t remember seeing any briefcase...” She trails off and Steve sighs, feeling as if he has reached a dead end until Pepper speaks up again. “But there was a man that practically ran into us while we were entering the restaurant and he was leaving. I thought nothing of it but-”
“Oh, right, um,” Steve stutters, scratching the back of his neck in a nervous tick. Even when dressed in a sweater, shorts, and converse with her hair tied up in a messy bun and despite how much Steve trusts her now, Natasha still manages to put the fear of God into him. “I’m looking for Spymaster. I need your help.”
. Things haven’t been okay for a very long time, Bruce. I’ve suffered through it for long enough. I think I’m entitled to a break.”
Tony swallows some of the doughnut and groans. “One’s bad, and the other’s worse. Could I just hire someone to look after them?”
“What do you expect us to do? Give Bucky shit for something he did in 1991, a time where he didn’t have control over himself? Kick him out of the Tower?” It’s the first time anyone has heard Steve speak to Sam so coldly before, and Sam seems to shrink in on himself. Redwing nuzzles his beak into Sam’s head in an attempt to comfort him.
“Trust me when I say that Captain America and his gang of simpleton’s will not be a problem. As for Mr. Hogan and Ms. Potts? I have big plans for them. Tony Stark will be eliminated by the end of the month, that I guarantee.”
“Really, Tony? Don’t you have to go back to the hospital later?” he nags, arms crossed over his chest. Tony takes another drink and doesn’t respond.
“Nat’s coming up in a bit and she said that she’ll bring Bruce so that we can have a pyjama party and play board games!” he exclaims. Tony hesitates, which only makes Clint scowl at him playfully. “C’mon, Tony. You need this, I need this, and even Nat needs this. Bruce probably needs it, too, but I haven’t seen him yet today so I don’t know if his work has been particularly Hulk-inducing, but it probably has.”
That, apparently, is when Natasha decides she’s had enough. “Пиздец! I’m bringing you to the hospital. Someone get the white bread,” she orders. A second later a packet of sliced white bread is handed to her by Wanda. Natasha removes a slice from the packet and shoves it into Tony’s open mouth before he can object. He turns around in his chair to glare at her, which she returns wholeheartedly.
“Mr. Hogan is being released from Mt. Sinai Hospital tomorrow, and Sir has requested you escort both he and Ms. Potts to their apartment until he has finished his meetings.”
, and allows his bots to beep happily and wheel circles around him as he struggles to remember the events which lead him to this moment. Suddenly, he remembers.
The meetings go on until finally Tony is done for the day and allowed to leave. He flees from the building with the thought of
Bruce glances at Tony over the rim of his glasses with a reassuring smile. “I know,” he replies. Tony releases a relieved huff of air. “It can’t be easy seeing him around here all the time, though. I don’t know exactly what went down while I was gone, and I don’t think I want to, but I just want to let you know that I’m proud of you, Tony. You didn’t have to allow him back, nor did you have to let James stay, but you did anyway. You’re a better man than you think you are.”
“You want the honest answer?” asks Tony. Bucky nods. “Steve likes to see the good in everyone, even when there’s only the tiniest amount there. He’s got an eye for it, but it blinds him and sometimes makes him see things that aren’t there. Like a trick of the light. I guess I’m just something he doesn’t want to believe is bad.”
The next time he wakes he spots Rhodey awake and in the middle of a hushed conversation with Pepper and Natasha. The three of them look exhausted and pale but that doesn’t stop them from rushing to Tony’s aid once they see that he’s awake. They explain everything that has occurred since Tony was last conscious, and answer every question Tony asks them as honestly as they can. Upon noticing Rhodey’s stiff movements, his best friend informs him that he’s temporarily paralysed from the waist down due to damage to his spine, but that he should be able to be released in another week or two provided he use a wheelchair until further notice and returns for monthly check-ups. Natasha and Pepper leave after a few hours of mindless conversation, explaining that they have various meetings to attend and that they will be back to collect Tony tomorrow afternoon to bring him back to the Tower. He and Rhodey entertain themselves by complaining about the soap operas on TV before Rhodey passes out from exhaustion and leaves Tony to his thoughts.
“However backhanded it may be,” mutters Tony, which earns him an even colder glare. “But you’re welcome, Barnes.”
“You’re welcome to visit any time, Tony,” she says, and then looks around the workshop with a grimace. “It’ll get you out of here for a while, at least.”
The brandy from the bottle spills all over the floor and Tony watches it for a very long time, itching to touch the glass shards scattered across the floor, but he refrains. Tony wants a noble death, even if he isn’t a very noble man.
Tony stops pacing and turns around to glare at Rhodey, sneering. “I think ensuring Pepper and Happy’s safety, as well as everyone else’s, is a bit more important than my personal hygiene, don’t you?”
Tony is so angry that he feels as if he’s boiling over. “Don’t bother. Has it occurred to any of you that you’re not even giving me a chance to try and figure my own shit out? You’re constantly smothering me! If it’s not Captain Do-Gooder over there giving me puppy eyes, it’s Barnes glaring at me hard enough that I’m sure he’s trying to turn me to dust, or it’s someone shadowing me just to make sure that I don’t crack out another bottle or OD with a bunch of pills.” Tony clenches his jaw as he catches Barnes and Steve sharing a look. “Anyone who keeps this shit up from now on will no longer be welcome in this Tower. No exceptions.”
As Tony drives further into the airport and around the back he sees whom he presumes to be the pilot and some staff standing outside the hangar. The doors to the hangar are already open to reveal his gleaming white private jet sitting there in all its glory. Tony pulls into the private airspace and parks his car with a sigh.
Tony groans. He keeps his eyes shut firmly as he turns on his side to go back to sleep, only for him to realise that he is not in his California King bed and is, instead, on the floor of his workshop. He sits up with a jolt. Dum-E and U roll over to him at such a pace that he is worried their wheels will catch on something and they will fall, but they don’t stop until they reach their creator. Tony sits there, dumbfounded and –
The elevator doors open but Tony’s arrival seems to not have been heard because the sound of an electric mixer has taken over the entire floor. The engineer storms down the hallway with his hands bunched up into tight fists by his sides, face contorted with anger and hurt and betrayal as he enters the kitchen. Before they notice him, the others seem content and relaxed; Natasha is baking and batting Clint’s hand away every time he tries to dip his fingers into the bowl, Bruce is covered in flour and wearing a blue and yellow floral print apron, and the other four are seated at the breakfast bar and laughing at something on Sam’s phone, which they are all crowded around. For the briefest of moments, Tony’s anger is replaced by hurt as he gets a glimpse of how happy everyone would be if he was out of the picture. Then, he thinks
The AI complies without a word, which Tony is more than a little thankful for, and only speaks up once Tony enters his workshop and orders another lockdown.
Steve looks shocked and takes a hesitant step forward, which makes Tony wince and he lets out an extremely pathetic and involuntary whimper. Bruce takes one look at Tony’s pale complexion and says, “Steve, I think you and your friend should settle into your rooms.”
"My nightmares came back," says Tony. Steve's gut clenches painfully when his voice cracks, but Tony continues with a heavy sigh. "Which is ironic, because you used to be the only thing that got rid of them and now you're the star of the shit show in my subconscious. I see you standing over Rhodey's dead body, I see you and Barnes teaming up to beat me to death, I see you watching him kill me and you
“FRIDAY,” murmurs Tony softly. His voice still echoes around his bedroom and he winces as Rhodey stirs in his chair, dry lips smacking together until he grows silent once more. “What happened? Is anyone else awake?”
“Rough isn’t even the word for it,” mumbles Tony, who is now seated on a barstool and curled around his mug protectively. Bruce glances at him with barely concealed amusement and a sliver of concern. “Spending hours trying to fix a fuck up caused by Barton and Romanoff can do that to a guy.”
Before Steve can say anything else, the doors are opening and the sound of clanging metal fills his ears. The super soldier takes a cautious step forward, keeping a watchful eye out for any flying objects that could hit him, and he bites back a smile as he hears Tony’s indignant voice in his head exclaiming: “One time, Steve! It was
“FRIDAY,” says Tony as he and Rhodey enter his suite. “Tell everyone to come to the penthouse immediately, it’s urgent.”
Tony has always prided himself on being able to fool not only the public but his teammates, also, into believing that he is arrogant and cocky and that the only person he cares about is himself. It’s not a lie, as Tony is confident and self-assured in his intelligence and good looks, but it’s not exactly the truth, either. Tony cares a hell of a lot for people that are too prone to life-threatening situations and it ends up getting him hurt. He puts his three friends in enough danger as it is, so it’s much easier to allow the others to hate him and spare them the added threat to their already chaotic lives. Tony was doing a damn good job of his little act up until the battle of New York, where he willingly entered a portal in space wearing nothing but his Iron Man armour to save hundreds of thousands of people from dying. After plummeting back down to Earth and waking to see the Captain, Thor, and the Hulk standing over him, he knows that each team member has just scrapped every assumption of Tony that they had made because he was now apparently classified as ‘
The bot is seemingly appeased by this and wheels around to the other side of Tony to be closer to him.
“Did either of you happen to see someone inside the restaurant carrying a briefcase? Or even holding one?” he asks, shuffling awkwardly on his feet. Happy and Pepper share a look and frown at each other.
Tony grunts in disappointment and scrubs a hand over his face. “Keep me posted. Oh, and cancel my meetings for tomorrow. I’m going to bring Pep and Happy back to their apartment tomorrow, just to be safe.”
“Punching things,” he responds, voice muffled by Rhodey’s shoulder. “It doesn’t matter. ‘s all good. I’ll heal.”
This chapter is all over the place but, hey, I tried. I promise (hope) everything will start tying together nicely in later chapters, but for now please enjoy the update. There is a chance that I will be updating more frequently now that I am officially on Summer holidays, but we'll see!
“Next time, I won’t fail,” Tony reads. He stares at the words, which seem to be taunting him, and then calls out for Natasha in a shaky voice. Natasha, in turn, calls for the other Avengers to enter and they all make their way onto the landing pad and read the message that is now haunting Tony. It’s about Happy and Pepper, he knows, and Tony is torn between having another breakdown or going after the bastard that had the
“Agent Barton is watching the Teleshopping commercials on his and Agent Romanoff’s floor but it appears that the others are fast asleep, boss.”
It comes out bitter though Tony had hoped for casual and hurt flashes across Steve’s features and tugs his lips downwards into a frown. “Tony,” he says cautiously, with an edge of warning. Tony’s palms grow increasingly sweatier by the minute and he shoves them in the pockets of his slacks.
Sorry that this chapter is so terrible and so short and also a day late! I spent this entire week working in a hotel and I'm super exhausted so I haven't had much time to write, but I do hope that you all enjoy this anyway!
“Yes, Tony,” says Natasha. She steps forward and places a comforting hand on his shoulder. “We all did, Tony. I know that we haven’t been exactly helpful, but we are trying, Люб
“I’m saying that, for the past few months, Tony has been taking pills for anxiety and depression. Both are severe cases, and now I think that he’s also suffering from Severe PTSD.”
“Anyone with half a brain cell knows that I am still stupidly in love with Steve,” says Tony, which seems to take Barnes by surprise. “I haven’t stopped, not even for a second, not even when he chose you over me. I don’t see a day in my future where I will ever stop loving him, but loving someone doesn’t mean that you have to date them, or marry them, or anything.”
, Tony. I truly, honestly, understand. So, I’m going to be selfish and make sure you stay around for a very long time because I’ve never known anyone who can truly understand what it’s like to feel this way and now that I do, I’m not going to let you leave. I need you, Tony. If you’re not going to stay around for you, at least stay around for me.”
Sighing, Peter made his way to the office, where he saw both Natasha and his Pops waiting for him. “What is it pops?” He asked in his innocent voice, which broke Steve’s heart because of the news he had to break to his children.
“No I don’t want you Uncle Bucky I want Daddy!” Nat started to cry. “Pops, I can take care of Peter. Go look for Daddy and bring him home.”
“Point taken… I chose Dad cus he tries to be so cool in public but he actually just sits and draws, and he is a right melt sometimes.”
Would she ever see her parent’s again? Her last memory of them was them fighting, they weren’t even fighting for a reason. Everyone had just starting arguing with each other and Bruce had nearly turned but now he had fully turned. The last thing she remembered her parent’s saying to one another was Tony telling Steve that “Everything he is was made in a bottle.” The comment was so cold and brutal, the whole room was taken aback.
“A couple of years. It’s nothing. Honestly. It’s never been that bad before” Peter said, almost ashamed.
“Mr. Stark said go for your legs.” A muffled voice came from behind the mask. It seemed almost familiar, Cap thought to himself.
Thank you to those who stuck out this story! I'm very proud of some of it, but some of it I don't really like, but hey it's a whole story at least! I hope you've enjoyed it and I'm starting to work on a few new stories so if you want you can go check them out!
Ned: Okay I didn’t see your message before, and I’m really sorry, but I may have just told our whole class. And the year above. And below. And, well the whole school.
“I need you to hide/destroy all of Dad’s emergency alcohol. He can’t go down the same spiral as before, he won’t get out of it this time. Okay you got that? Peter, I need you to look after him now. You have to be the big strong one now. Can you do that?"
"Your Daddy had to go away on a work trip and might not be back for a long time", was what Steve said. Steve needed to say "Your daddy has been kidnapped and we might never see him again", but that was a little hard hitting for a 5 and 7 year old.
“Tony, calm, please just calm down.” Rhodey said, from the corner of the room. He was joined by Clint, who was so broken and full of worry, he couldn’t even speak.
Straight away both of the children held up a picture of Thor. “Stay out of his way if he is having a bad hair day.” Peter said, deadly serious. The presenter laughed along with Natasha.
“Oh My Days I remember! I was so mortified I thought I would die of embarrassment and then you would have had a funeral and a christening on your hands!” Steve came running over, sat next to Tony and began to rummage through the photos with his husband.
Neither of the children had seen their parent’s like this before, bloody, sweaty, and in Tony’s case, dying, all because of each other. Natasha had never experienced such anger from Steve, and honestly, it scared her. He strode forward and grabbed her hand so tight she began to squirm with pain due to the sheer force he was applying on her wrist.
“So. Stupid, ugly and gay. Bet your parents are soooooo pleased” the sarcasm dripping from his voice. “You really a Rodgers-Stark kid, cus I ain’t buying it. I mean, have you seen Natasha? She is hot. I’d bang her” That last sentence was met with a round of woops and cheers, which made both Steve and Peter’s blood boil. “Look at Natasha, and then look at you. Were you a charity case or something?”
“Hi Home I’m Tony.” Peter struggled to contain his groan at the awful Dad joke, but Tony shot him a look as if to say “we haven’t finished talking.”
The words cut deep into Tony’s brain. He hadn’t been there enough for it son, and he knew it. He was becoming like his father. He was so preoccupied with his own grief at loosing Cap and Nat that he had hardly stopped to think about Peter. He had taken Peter for granted, and the guilt hit him hard. “I did listen kid.” His tone softening a little. “Who do you think called the cops?” He asked as he stepped out of his suit.
“No thanks to you.” Tony winced as his hard words, wishing he hadn’t said it as soon as they escaped his lips.
“Emotions were never, um, never really my thing, but I have to agree with you and Steve.” Tony said, as holding back the tears. His baby had grown up, and he found himself looking towards Peter, longing that this moment never came with him as well. He pulled the whole room into a group hug, and let the tears freefall – for once he forgot the date, exactly 8 years since he was kidnapped.
Peter blocked out the tour guide and took out his phone to start recording for his vlog. Admittedly it didn’t get many views, as nerdy teenagers geeking out over science doesn’t exactly have a large demographic. But as he did, he felt a slight movement of the back of his neck, but paid little attention to it, until a sharp stinging sensation begun at the base of his neck.
"What!" Tony said, both worry and annoyance apparent in his voice. He looked down at the brown haired girl and smiled to himself. "This is what you pulled me from the party for? I told you - Nat doesn't like it when you put on her nappy like that. She only likes the pull up ones. It’s not 1940 anymore!" Looking towards a frustrated Steve.  “Look I’ll do it” Tony said, pulling a new nappy from the pile and slipping it on with ease.
“Nat FRIDAY called us, said something was wrong” Steve said, as he quickly checked Natasha over and scanned the room for any threats. “Where is Pete?”
Tony sat in complete silence as the remains of the alien spaceship flew through space. Nebula sat opposite him, expressionless and emotionless as usual, except if Tony looked closely, her eyes were full of tears, almost waiting for the correct moment for the mechanics to allow them to spill onto her purple and blue cheeks. He had watched alien after person fade to dust on Titan, and the loss of all of them created a gaping hole in his belly, filling him with grief and sorrow, and, though it was unlike Tony to wear his emotions on his face, it was evidently obvious that the losses had taken their toll.
“Natasha, Nat can you hear me? She’s not conscious Tony get help!” She heard Steve say, but his voice sounded distant and far off, almost as if she was underwater. “Kid stay with me okay?” The worry was obvious in his voice, she was only 11, and sometimes even he forgot that.
“I’ve got my own homework to do now Pete, ughhhh kill me. Psychology!” she moaned, a bored look on her face as she headed across the spacious hallway into her own room. Soon enough the load music began to play and the door slammed. Typical 15 year old.
“DADDY” She shouted as she ran full sprint towards him, completely unaware of the news cameras and reporters she had just revealed her identity to. “I thought you were dead.” She said bluntly. “Don’t ever, EVER do that again. I love you too much daddy"
“Crap” Natasha thought to herself. He knew. As her Pops disappeared upstairs to find Peter, Tony pulled her into a hug.
“I know…” Steve said dreamily as he stared into the baby’s eyes. “Did we ever actually decide on a name?”
Hey guys! This isn't my best chapter but I wanted to get one out before one of the most hectic weeks ever! I hope you enjoy and please leave any comments of any storylines you can think of and I'll try and include them in this piece!
“No, but I’ve been thinking. What about Natasha?” Tony suggested, smiling at how Steve’s face lit up as he said the name.
“Do you think this could wait till later? Pops doesn’t actually know.” This didn’t feel like the right conversation to be having right now, considering Peter was currently fist fighting with the two other superheros.
“Just, let me sort it. And don’t tell Dad. He’ll probably just go and kill Flash or something” Peter sensed a theme there…
Natasha braced herself, and began to speak. “From today, my brother and I have started our new and improved lives. We are happy to be starting our correct upbringing. Hail Hydra…” Her voice trailed off as she spoke the last two words.
“Maths” He answered, barely looking up from the piece of paper. He could go for hours when he got into the swing of the equations, and was often late for dinner due to getting so wrapped up in his studies.
The small dog on Peter’s lap jumped up and eagerly licked his face, earning a round of awws from the audience. He had never been so happy.
“No – He’ll probably go ahead and sue Oscorp, and then find a way to take away my powers. And I don’t want that.”
“Pete? No-no – god no not you too.” Bucky said, emerging from who knows where and placing a kind hand on Peter’s shoulder. Peter couldn’t hold back the tears anymore, and as they spilled over his cheeks he turned towards Bucky, hugging him tightly. The action only reminded him of the last interaction he had before he woke up here, one moment being in his father’s arms, the next, numbness.
The two men continued to look through the photos, oohing and awing at every possible moment, reliving those happy memories. Tony pulled out a photo of all the Avenger’s, with Thor holding an infant Pete and Bucky holding Natasha’s hand. The panic was clear in Thor’s face, clearly not used to being handed something so small and fragile, which made Tony chuckle. “Nothing is better than this. I love you so much Steve. Thank you for giving me this family.” Tony almost whispered, settling down into Steve’s arms on the long sofa.
Okay so Civil War is done, next is homecoming and then... infinity war! As always, Like and Comment if you're enjoying the story.
“Hey PENIS.” Flash yelled from the top of the steps, causing Peter’s spidey-senses to go wild. “You a puff like your dad now?” He asked condescendingly.
“No, please, can we stay together, please.” Natasha pleaded, as Bucky grabbed her arm and pulled her away from her brother.
It was almost as if time flew by on the bus, and before Peter even knew it, he was being greeted at the door by a leaving Vision and Wanda. “You guys going out?” He asked wide eyed. He didn’t feel so good, but he ignored that, sad that he couldn’t have a night in with the Avengers.
“Hill, get Vision on the phone, I have an idea.” Fury said, beginning to type on the illuminated screen on his right.
“Here she is! Birthday girl!” a voice boomed from the living room, followed by a round of cooing and awing at the sight of Natasha in her purple frock, hand-picked by Pepper as neither of her dad’s had any idea of fashion, especially when it came to 2 year old girls. Bucky Barnes rushed towards Natasha, scooping her out of her Pop’s arms, bouncing her up and down on his hip. “Shall we go and play?”
“And I wanted you to be better.” The harsh words rung in Peter’s ears. Tony immediately regretted saying them, god he sounded just like his father. Peter’s face nearly killed him, a mixture of hurt and regret, and Tony couldn’t hold his disappointed gaze for long. His heart broke when Peter looked away, no longer able to bare the cold, harsh glare from his father. “Okay it’s not working out I’m gonna need the suit back.”
“Tell me what it is and I’ll consider” Pete said, a smile crossing his face. The ball was in his court now, and he could set the price as high as he wanted.
“Let’s have another.” Steve said definitely. Before Tony could talk, Steve blurted “I know a woman, May Parker. She is willing to be a surrogate and she says its okay and technically if we just got the sciencey stuff sorted we could have another now?” Steve rambled.
So this was kinda inspired by Tom Holland's Lip sync Battle and what the consequences would be for Peter if he then had to go back to school and what Flash would say to him. Hope you enjoyyyyyy!
I've got a load of plot points coming so don't worry! As always, like and comment if you enjoyed it - it really means a lot to me when you do!
“Because I said so!” Came the loud reply. “Can’t you just be a friendly, neighbourhood spiderman?” That’s all Tony wanted. He wanted Peter safe.
“Do you think that we could go in the lab today and work on my new toy car?” He asked. He loved working in the lab with Tony, it was one of his favourite things to do, and it the time in the lab was theirs. They were a team, and no one could deny that.
“Peter. I’m so sorry. I should… I should…. I should have said I loved you more.” Tony mumbled under his breath towards the ashes in his hands. “Oh God.”
Opening up the first box, the first photo caught his eye. It was at Pete’s christening, which Tony had been against but Steve insisted. He was in his little suit, his chubby cheeks pulled back into a smile, his tiny hands clinging onto one of Steve’s fingers. Tony remembered how proud he felt that day, and looking at the photo he couldn’t help but chuckle.
But today there was no escaping it. Steve was taking him to school, and he was already in enough trouble. Steve had been called by the school about Peter’s lack of attendance, which was met with an hour long lecture from Steve, and several disapproving but understanding nods from Tony, but Natasha had barely batted an extended eyelash. Steve hung back as he watched Peter enter the school reluctantly, not wanting to cause a scene.
“Pete, I just said I don’t have a lot of time. We are going away. I don’t know where but we are. I need you to do something for me.”
“Hey Steve, remember at Pete’s christening when he didn’t like having the water put on his head so he bit the priest?”
“Dad, what can I do? How can I help you?” Peter ran to his father’s side, glancing back at the tunnel Natasha had exited.
“Pops, what. No, I’m not leaving, no stop, Peter! Dad!” Natasha’s cries and the sound of her feet dragging slowly began to fade away as Steve and Bucky left the bunker, leaving only Peter and Tony.
“I’m okay kid. I’ll be okay.” Tony replied, ignoring the tears welling in the corner of his eyes every time he thought of Steve.
“Fine. I’ll eyeball it.” The iron mask retracted from Tony’s face, giving him a chance to glance down at the figure of his husband, or ex-husband now, several feet below him on the ground, shield still in hand. Firing at the roof of the bunker, Tony hit his mark and the roof came swinging down, trapping the three of them inside. Tony grabbed Bucky, dragging him down to the floor.
“So that’s what you needed the distraction for” Peter said, before quickly shutting up after the glares from Steve and Tony, and the pleading look from Natasha.
“Anyway you didn’t have to come all the way out here Mr Stark, I had that I was fine.” Tony winced at the formal address. It had started after one particularly heated argument, where Peter had told Tony that he would rather stay at Aunt May’s, which resulted in a very drunken Tony ending up on the doorstep of May’s apartment demanding to see Peter, and when Peter did finally open the door, all he was met with was more shouting, and a bottle thrown at him, which luckily missed. He didn’t blame his dad though, he missed Natasha and Steve like crazy, as did Peter.
WOOP so a chapter that I actually like!  This was my chance to focus on Peter and I'm so glad I did I love writing about him! Even though it took a lot longer than I meant to I finally finished this chapter! I've got a really busy weekend ahead so won't be able to upload but will try and compensate on Monday.
Peter: NO NED YOU CAN’T! My Dad’s tried to keep my identity hidden for as long as they could, along with Natasha’s as well. It puts us at risk. We wouldn’t be able to leave the house without a heavily armed team.
“Where is he now?” Steve could tell from Tony’s broken expression the answer, but he still needed to hear it. Tony held up a small container, but didn’t open it.
Peter desperately tried to follow his instructions, anything to take this feeling away. He couldn’t stand it. Eventually, he calmed himself down enough to actually manage a conversation with those around him who he didn’t know, and enough to start to comprehend what had happened to them all.
Steve smiled, glancing back at his daughter, soon to be a sister, laughing at how she picked the shoelaces of Nick Fury and placed them into her mouth. Cute, but not very hygienic. Steve keeps laughing until he notices her reach for something, an Iron man fist. His super-fast reflexes fly into action as he lunges towards her, pushing the hand out of her way.
Slowly, more and more of the fallen heros began to return, and each one was greeted with hugs, smiles and tears but one face was missing. After about 10 minutes, all but one hero had returned.
“You have to come home now.” She said, starting to pull him up by his shoulders, struggling to lift the dead weight.
“We all do okay! Don’t think this is any harder on you than it is on us. Yeah you had to see him die, but I didn’t see him for 2 years. THINK ABOUT THAT FOR A MOMENT.” Natasha’s calmness quickly turned to rage as she screamed in the man’s face, almost recoiling away from the stench of whisky. “Stop thinking about how you could have saved him, and instead focus on how you will save him.”
“Hey kids, we’re back” Steve shouted up the stairs. They had been out all day on a date day, which they had started to do more frequently due to the kids being older and more capable of looking after themselves. “Hey Tony, the kids have wanted a film night for a long time. How about we invite the gang around and have a proper one?” Steve asked, his arms wrapped tightly around Tony’s waist.
Several hundred of news articles appeared, with photos of them both with bags over their heads, photos of them in the back of a van, the list goes on. Each headline contained the same 9 letter word. “Kidnapped”
“Nat?” Steve said, questioningly, staring at his daughter stood beside Tony, ready to fight against his team.
“Are you serious? He beat me back! You’re never gonna let me forget this are you?” Sam nodded, a smile tugging at his lips as Bucky cringed.
May was the closest thing Peter had to a mother. She was his surrogate, and had been a massive part of his life. All Peter wanted was one of her famous hugs right now, as he knew he wouldn’t be getting that from his father.
“That’s not possible…” Clint said. He had been removed from Loki’s spell, and god Natasha was happy to have him back at her side.
Panicking, Steve rang Natasha’s phone, but the ringtone could be heard coming from her room. The same went for Peter’s phone. They were teenagers, they never left their phones behind. Starting to really worry, Steve asked FRIDAY of any news reports about their kids, and the results were overwhelming.
“Oh he’s just in his room. We were watching a scary film, and so his panic levels triggered the call. Sorry guys!”
Whispers began to be heard from the reporters, whispers of Tony Stark's secret family he kept talking about in interviews, that this must be his daughter. Her identity was out, but that was nobody's priority right now.
“I’m sorry.” With that, Peter completely turned to dust, covering Tony’s hands. Tony held his hands to his mouth, trying to hold back the tears but failing.
“Would you like me to inform your parents of this behaviour?” FRIDAY asked, receiving a loud and definite NO! From both of the Rogers-Stark children.
“Breathe Pete, It’s gonna be okay. We’re here…” Peter could hear Bucky talking to him, but the words just sounded like white noise.
Okay soo this was a bit late but it's here now! Infinity war is next but it will be a while due to me wanting to rewatch the film before I write it but it's coming and you'd better get ready for it! As always Like and Comment if you enjoyed the chapter
Natasha decided it was best to comply in this situation, noticing the gun pointing at Peter’s head. “Anything you want to do to him, do to me instead.” She begged, trying her best to protect him.
“How was your first day at school Peter?” Steve asked when in the car, looking back at the light brown haired boy.
“You forgot me.” The green lady, whose name was Gamora which Peter found out, said, staring Thanos directly in the eye.
“Remember how your Daddy had to go away for a little while for work?” Both children nodded their heard. They were both incredibly observant, which Steve had noticed. “Well something went wrong so Daddy might be gone a little longer than we thought. We don’t know when he will be coming home but he will be, so don’t worry.” Even Steve couldn’t fool himself with his act. Tony had been hit by a missile from his own company, and was shown unconscious in a ransom video, which Steve had watched and wept over. He just didn’t know how to break it to his two children, his world, standing before him. “I’ll tell Nat the truth” he thought to himself. For a 7 year old, she understood a lot, and could process large amounts of information. “She can cope.”
“Um, I need you to cause a distraction. Get both Dad and Pops downstairs, just for 10 minutes or so.”
“Pete, you have to talk to him. He’ll understand!” Natasha said, walking Peter up the school drive. This had become a regular thing since Peter’s identity was revealed, as they both refused to take Happy with them, Natasha had begun to walk Peter to school. Natasha could look after herself, but their parents didn’t think Peter was so capable.
“Ah yes, sorry about your little friend, we had to wipe his memory for him to be useful. Which he has been. “A voice with a thick Russian accent spoke.
“Little one… you didn’t deserve one.” It was strange to hear such soft and caring words coming out of such an evil mouth, and in Peter’s confusion, he found himself back at the Stark compound, in his old bedroom directly across from Natasha.
“Okay great. We can talk about this later.” The expressions on Steve and Tony’s faces made it clear some form of explanation was needed right now. “Basically I’ve been training as an agent for S.H.I.E.L.D since I was 7. I’m good at it and I’ve done well. Is that enough for you? Happy now?”
“We are so lucky” Steve said, as he played with Tony’s hair. “But I am the luckiest, because I have two amazing, talented kids, but I also have you.”
“PETER HIDE” Natasha yelled, as she ran down to meet her parents as they entered, determined to cause a distraction. “Hey guys you’re back early. What’s up?”
“We all are!” Wanda said excitedly. “Your parent’s have already left but FRIDAY has put some food on for you and Natasha is still here, although I don’t know if you will be able to get past the eyerolls.” Wanda shouted as they left the compound.
“I think it’s pretty cool, and it’s handy as well. If someone is bothering you, you can get Iron man to come and scare them! Natasha finds them really annoying though.” Peter said, a wide smile on his face.
“Nah it’s okay. We’re just going to Oscorp to look at the science labs and stuff. I think it’s gonna be boring cus our labs are the best!” He shouted enthusiastically, swinging around the banister and running back into his room.
Peter broke the moment completely, piping up from underneath Natasha’s and Tony’s arms. “This is so awesome! Now I get to see Bruce all the time!”
“Your actress friend, she a spy too? They start that young?” He said. He had a nice voice, soft and gentle, completely the opposite to what she knew he could become.
“Heya Budd! What you up to?” Tony practically yelled over the loud sound of 70’s music blaring out from Natasha’s speakers.
“You’re seriously gonna take his side? After what he did? He hurt our kids Cap! How can you trust him, more than me?” The hurt clear in Tony’s voice.
“I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have got you involved in this…” Tony started, trailing off as he fell back onto the floor, eye looking straight up.
Okay so I didn't know I was going there but I did! I think I'll be skipping the actual rescue as I find scenes like that hard to think up, and so will go straight to their return and the reaction to it. For time referencing by the time of the rescue the children have been at the HYDRA base for a couple of days.
“Tony, stop pacing. We’ll find them” Fury said, directing it towards all of the avengers, not just the billionaire philanthropist.
Fury’s training had paid off, the 11 year old thought as she sat tied up in front of a Russian mob. So much had happened since her Dad was kidnapped. The revelation of the identity of Iron Man, being drafted into the avengers, but most importantly she had met Clint. He was training with her, and he had saved her so many times, it was almost impossible to count. She looked up to him and they looked out for each other, but this was a solo mission, and she needed to finish the job.
“Bucky? Is that… no… it can’t be” Wanda’s voice appeared behind Bucky. She quickly joined the hug, whispering reassuring words in Peter’s ears, but Peter couldn’t focus on her words. His breath caught in his throat, and suddenly he couldn’t breathe anymore. The words around him became distorted and he couldn’t focus on anyone’s face, his vision had become blurred. He tried to speak, but no sound came out, and it felt like a giant hand was pushing down on his chest, making it tighter and tighter, until it would explode. Black spots danced around his eyes but the tears continued to roll down his cheeks, fat, wet and hot.
“Daddy is being very brave, so do you think you can be brave form Daddy as well, and brave for me and Peter?
“Pete, it’s just me” Natasha’s familiar voice filled the darkness. Flicking on the light, she began to talk - “look, I don’t have long, it took me too much time just to find you!”
“Is that, Dad?” She asked no one in particular. She felt muscular arms pull her tightly into a hug, and immediately tensed, thinking it was one of the invading aliens, but relaxed again once she realised it was only Steve. “Pops what is it what’s wrong?”
“Peter its okay. I’m here. Don’t worry.” Natasha soothing voice could be heard through the bag over their heads. “It will be okay. I don’t know where they are taking us but I swear to lord if they hurt you I will single handedly beat the shit out of…” She got cut off by the van leaving, the force pulling both of the kids towards the front of the van, smacking them against the wall.
Steve and Tony look through old memories of their family, remembering just how lucky and blessed they are.
“And here we have our babies.” The scientist laughed at her own joke. “Our genetically engineered animals, each with a combination of the major strengths of each of their subspecies.”
Peter began to panic. Like, really panic. Why was he on the ceiling?! “Nat, NAT! NAT! Help! What’s happening to me?”
“Actually FRIDAY can you set the invitations back an hour or so?” Tony said, his intentions clear. However, when he once again didn’t receive a response, he pushed Steve off him and went straight to his workshop, leaving a very disappointed Steve stood in the hallway.
The panic was clear in Tony’s eyes, his pupils dilating and his mouth falling open. “But I’m okay! Really I am. Actually, you could argue that I’m better than I was before!” Peter began to explain what had happened to him over the last few days, the changes he had found, and finally, his plan for the use of his powers. “And now I have powers maybe I could join the Avengers too with you, Pops and Nat! Look I designed this web fluid at school today and I really, really, really, really want to join! Pleaseeeeeeee” He finished. God he hoped it had been enough time for Natasha to finish whatever she was doing.
“Ouchhhhhh” he groaned as his hand flew to the cause of the sensation. He felt a small lump under his skin, and worry immediately flew to his mind. “Yep. I’m gonna die. This is it.” He thought, quickly calming himself back down. “It’s probably nothing” He thought, but an ounce of worry still remained.
“Language!” Steve shouted up towards his husband. “Tony you said you would come help me sort this stuff out! Don’t you dare hide in your lab again!”
Tony and Steve guided the interview, and Natasha and Peter acted politely, laughing at the funny home videos people had sent in and the tweets about them, but you could tell it was all getting a bit much for them. After so many years hiding it felt wrong to suddenly be so open about their identity. They felt vulnerable. But Tony and Steve were so proud, they could finally show off their amazing children who they had been talking and raving about, for once they could be truthful about their family dynamic and what actually went on in the Avengers compound. The audience fell in love with the family, but before the show ended, the two superheroes had a surprise for their children.
Peter once again entered into the explanation of how he got his powers, one which he had had to do an awful lot recently. Steve just stood there, his eyes and mouth wide open.
“Yeah okay I’m getting bored now. Underoos!” Tony yelled, bringing his hands up to his mouth like he was trying to amplify his already loud voice.
“Nat won’t be happy about everyone not paying attention to her all the time, she is a right diva and a drama queen when she wants to be” Steve said, looking expectantly towards the door for his daughter’s arrival. He heard the sound of squeaking shoes, and a faint cry, one which he recognised well. It was the “I don’t like this outfit!” cry he had heard so many times. “Here she comes!”
“You thought right!” Steve whispered as he pulled Peter into a bear hug, yanking him out from under the transport tunnel. “I’m so sorry… did I hurt you?” Hurt and concern filled his eyes.
“Hey look Penis Parker it’s you!” a voice came from behind him, followed by a hand pointing at the most ugly creature in the room. Peter wasn’t entirely sure what the creature was, but it was repulsive. Flash swaggered up behind him, slapping his outstretched hand onto Peter’s shoulder. “No wait, it’s not stupid enough.”
At that, alarm bells rang in her head. In a split second decision, she kneed the old man in front of her right where she knew it would hurt, head-butting him as he fell to the ground. She quickly turned her attention to the other two men, hitting them with the legs of the chair she was still tied to, hearing the sound of bones crunching after the impact. This was an easy fight, she thought, as she sat on the foot of one of the henchmen whilst kicking another. Head-butt, kick, punch, stamp, over and over again until the men didn’t try to get back up. Grabbing her shoes and the phone, she walked out, turning it into a light skip which clearly showed her age.
The rest of the interview went by smoothly, with funny anecdotes and secrets about family life being revealed.
“He’s having a panic attack.” Someone confidently said. Peter opened his eyes for a second, and saw T’Challa, Drax, Mantis, a tree, a green lady, Quill, Sam, Bucky, Wanda, Vision and the man who had spoken all crouched or stood near him. It was Dr Strange who had spoken, and who was sitting directly opposite Peter.
Natasha nodded her head, not entirely understanding. It was only until the iron man suit disappeared through the portal and there was a huge explosion did the thought finally click into place in her head. She buried her face tightly into her dad’s arms, looking away. She couldn’t watch him die. But then she saw him fall anyway, falling from the portal, none of his thrusters on, just free-falling, and not stopping. She ran towards the falling man, despite being pulled back by Steve, tears obscuring her vision. She closed her eyes just as the Hulk jumped and saved Tony, pulling out her phone to call Happy.
“So, courtesy of Tony Stark and Steve Rodgers, everyone in here today will be leaving with a $200 Target gift card!” Ellen announced, “And, they have an extra special treat for you two.” Ellen said, as a small puppy was brought out and placed on Peter’s lap, and a tiny Kitten was placed on Natasha’s.
At this, Natasha’s mouth dropped open, as she shot a pleading look at Peter. She was pushed into a different room, and forced to stand upon a platform, unable to see anything other than the bright lights shining on her face, a stark contrast to the darkness she and Peter had been submerged in for the last few hours.
Okay so I know I've focused a lot of Natasha recently so I promise the next 2 or 3 chapters are either going to be about Steve and Tony or Peter as I feel I need to develop those characters a bit more! As always Like and Comment if you are enjoying this story!
“Save me, save me” Peter pleaded, his eyes on his father as he fell to the ground, caught only at the last second by Tony. “I don’t wanna go, please, please I don’t wanna go.”
Okay I might only add another chapter instead of another 2 because I feel like this story needs to draw to a close. I'm starting to work on a few new stories but they will most likely only be a couple of chapters long because school starts again very soon and I've got to work to get good A levels :)
“We can get them back right. I know we can we have to get them back…” Tony started to say, but the words caught in his throat and choked him. “The kid… MY kid…he knew something was wrong. He was just a kid! He trusted me and I failed him… I couldn’t protect him.”
“Tony. Stop leaving bits of your suit everywhere. You know she will end up grabbing it and hurting herself.” Steve said, the annoyance clear in his voice.
“I should have put my pride aside. I should have come back.” Steve declared between sobs. “Who else did you lose Tony?” Steve asked softly, not wanting to overstep.
Steve chuckled and turned back towards T’Challa. “I’m so glad they get along well. Now you were saying about Tony…”
“I just wanted to be like you!” Peter said truthfully. Since he was a small boy and his father announced that he was Iron Man, he had always looked up to his Dad. One of his main reasons for becoming Spiderman and fighting crime was to impress his dad and make him proud.
“Dad leave it.” Peter said weakly. “Just, leave it okay.” Pulling Steve through the doors of the school.
“Oh Cap, she’s so tiny!” Tony Stark said over the shoulder of his husband, as he looked down at their new born daughter.
“Let’s have a look then” Tony said, expecting the questions to be simple, well simple for him, the genius and billionaire playboy. “What on earth…” He almost whispered, looking down at the advanced maths which even he didn’t think he could do, let alone do at 12. But sure enough Peter was working his way quickly through the long list of questions, only looking up after he had finished the 5th.
WOOOOOOOPPP I'm back! Sorry I couldn't post in a while but I only just got back from holiday - which was very nice! This chapter is shorter than I hoped but ya know. Hope you enjoy!
“You’re alright, you’re alright” Was all Tony was able to say, his hands grasping at the back of Peter’s head as his son’s body crashed into his. To Tony’s dismay and agony Peter’s hands had already started to turn to dust, and as he turned to lay him down on the floor he noticed more of Peter disappearing.
“Eh, okay then. But I’m not cooking again. If you’re gonna have people round please let us just order takeout. “FRIDAY, notify the gang.” He got no response, and was about to question it when Steve pressed his lips against his.
“Pete you’re 13. You’re not old enough to be dealing with that sort of thing by yourself. I’m telling the head.”
There he was. His Dad. Peter hadn’t seen him in around 6 months, and when he stepped out of his suit, he was unsure whether to hug him or hit him. He did neither, and instead just stood there, a surprised and annoyed look plastered across his face.
“No I won’t leave you alone I need to be here right now” Steve started to say, but stopped himself when he saw the stubborn expression on Nat’s face. “Okay okay. I’ll go!” Almost glad. He needed to see his husband safe again, not only for the sake of the kids, but for his sake too.
“Look at his gorgeous eyes!” Tony cooed over the baby boy before him, playing with his chubby hands.
Then he started to turn. It was clear he didn’t want to, and the struggle between the two beings residing in one body was apparent. But despite the struggle, green began to creep up his arms and neck, slowly transforming the teenager into the monster she knew he could become.
“I don’t think that was a smile” Came Steve’s reply, as he moved his hand from under the small baby. “Someone needs a change!”
“Capiscle please just listen. It’s the only way.” Tony replied, trying to reason with his husband. “If you don’t sign, you’ll be a criminal. You wouldn’t be able to stay here, and we need you here.”
He gives her a small, uneasy smile and nods slowly, already regretting what he’s about to say but he knows that the truth which he is about to reveal is long overdue at this point. “I’m fine, but Tony isn’t. I thought I would be enough to help him through this, but I can see now that I was foolish to ever believe that.”
“Relax, Pep. It’s called making the best out of a bad situation. Just some light-hearted humour, but apparently you’re a robot that doesn’t like laughter. What’s next? Hating puppies? Leaving a kitten up a tree? Or-”
“Yeah, well,” grumbles Tony. “When you’re over 40, things tend to get a bit more difficult. Not that you’d know.”
" - and Steve cannot help but think that Erskine is just another person he has failed, no matter his efforts. How can he possibly be Steve Rogers, ‘the good man’, when the person he loves more than anything in the world won’t even meet his eyes?
Tony springs into action immediately. He runs and grabs his MIT sweatshirt off of the armchair in the living room and pulls it on over his head to cover his permanently grease-stained tank top. “Which hospital?” he demands.
When asked about Tony Stark, many things come to mind depending on whom you question. Ask the media and they tell you of his many love affairs and the mile-long list of drunken mistakes he has made throughout the years. Ask the general public and they throw around words like ‘billionaire’ and ‘asshole’. Ask S.H.I.E.L.D agents and they refuse to acknowledge his importance as an Avenger and call him ‘sloppy’. Ask Government officials and they call him a ‘pain in the ass’. Tony will admit that he is all of these things but he is also much more than that. Tony Stark is a genius, an inventor, a doting father to his bots, a friend to Pepper and Rhodey and Happy. Tony Stark is an anxiety ridden man in a suit of armour, trying to do the best that he can to protect the world and ensure the safety of civilians for as long as possible.
“Let’s say that you’re right,” says Bruce slowly, keeping his tone light and casual. “What would you do?”
“I probably shouldn’t say this, being Stevie’s best friend,” says Barnes, and Tony opens his eyes to find him stalling before the open door. “But I know what it feels like not to have a choice. Don’t feel like you have to take him back. Keep choosing what’s best for you.”
else. You know it as well as I do, Rhodey. It makes sense, and I know that he’s behind this. I’m sure of it. The only thing I’m
doesn’t even know. I can’t tell anyone else because they’ll make it into a big deal. Don’t make me regret confiding in you.”
“Still hurts like a bitch, though, right?” asks Sam, sliding a plate of four stacked pancakes to Tony along with various syrups, butter, and fruit. Tony allows a square of butter to melt over them and then douses the pancakes in maple syrup before nodding his head.
Tony clears his throat and looks down. “No I- I know, Pepper. I get it. You did what you had to do.”
“So, that’s an act of kindness I didn’t expect, and you must have some good qualities if you can get a woman like Natasha to like you. I’m sayin’ maybe I’m wrong about you, and that my protectiveness over Steve could be cloudin’ my judgement a bit. Figured you deserve the benefit of the doubt.”
Tony manages to look up into Steve’s eyes, his own swimming with unshed tears, and he shakes his head slowly. Steve’s own tears begin falling rapidly, the denial and raw heartbreak causing them to flow down his cheeks and nose. “Don’t say it,” he pleads desperately, voice thick and hoarse. Tony flinches and wipes his eyes with the back of his hand.
“Tony? When did you get back?” asks Clint. “Wait - What’s going on? I thought we were under attack,” he says.
“No, you may not,” says Tony shortly. A noise of frustration escapes past his lips as yet another search comes up with no new information. In a fit of rage, he sweeps the piles of documents and empty beer bottles onto the floor and tugs harshly at pieces of his hair while a crash sounds around his workshop. “
Five minutes later sees Tony seated on the couch in his living room with a StarkPad in his hands, watching the sky through the large floor to ceiling windows as he waits for Natasha and Bruce to pick up on the other end. Their faces appear a moment later, squished together in order to be seen on camera. Tony thinks he recognizes the background as Bruce’s lab.
“Those cakes are my lifeline, I couldn’t live without them,” says Tony through another mouthful of pancakes, washing the remnants away with scorching hot coffee before continuing. “Plus, you haven’t made them in a while, so this is my way of subtly hinting.”
Tony stares at her blankly for a moment. “You-” he starts, then stops, and Natasha watches him with thinly veiled amusement. “You actually listened to what I said? The other day, when I was yelling at everyone for the umpteenth time, you listened?”
It isn’t a question, Natasha knows, so she remains silent. Tony grumbles under his breath and he shuts his bedroom door firmly behind him to change his clothes. He pulls on a pair of black sweatpants and a deep blue Henley that’s a little too big for him (and probably Steve’s, since it was pushed to the back of his closet) and slips on his comfy trainers, also black but with white trim, and re-emerges from his bedroom. Natasha stands and eyes him approvingly before she leads the way to the elevator, red hair tied up in a high ponytail. She’s wearing a loose grey t-shirt with a sports bra underneath it, black running leggings, and white trainers. Tony envies her ability to look drop-dead gorgeous and deadly in everything she wears.
“Someone has to say it, Rogers,” replies Tony. His hands are clenched into tight fists by his side, and he blinks away the tears in a vain attempt to appear more put together than he really is. Steve knows better, like he always does. “We’re not going to work out.”
“I just wanted to come down and, uh, I don’t know – thank you, I guess? For trusting me enough to keep Pepper and Happy safe tomorrow. I mean, I know I wasn’t your first choice but it still means a lot to me.”
“Tony, well, he stood up for me, which no one else had done before. We were walking to the lab one day when I heard these agents around the corner talking about me. They were saying really nasty things, like how I should be locked up because I’m dangerous, and Tony, well, he wasn’t having any of it. He walked right over and gave them hell for it, and afterwards he didn’t even understand why I thanked him. He kept saying that it’s what every good person would do, and so I guess Tony was the first good person that I ever really met. He was the first person to treat me like I was normal, like I was a friend. He accepted that the other guy was a part of me and just...
them you’re hinting?” says Wanda, head tilted to the side as she frowns. Clint points at her and nods with his eyebrows raised pointedly.
“It’s nothing big, Pep. I’m just heading to Malibu for a while, don’t worry,” he says in what he hopes is a casual tone. Truth be told, Tony hasn’t gone back to his Malibu home much since he and Pepper split following the events of Ultron. It never felt right; being back there without her. It made him feel lonelier than ever.
Natasha actually apologises to him for the rude report she gave to Director Fury back when they first met, and Tony can tell that it’s sincere even if it is a little forced.  Tony, unused to this level of sincerity and camaraderie from anyone other than Rhodey and Pepper and Happy, wishes things would go back to how they were before. He doesn’t deserve this kindness. What he did wasn’t brave; it was selfish. He wanted to die and just so happened to be able to save lives in the process. It was a win/win situation. He doesn’t deserve to be called a hero and certainly not a role model.
Tony says nothing for a moment. He plans to say something sarcastic or equally as offensive back, but his insecurities seem to take control over his mouth and, in a quiet voice, he says, “That makes two of us, then.”
When Tony wakes the next day the sun is shining high in the sky and his phone has seemed to have either stopped buzzing or gone dead. Either way suits him just fine. His first task after showering and changing his clothes is to install the newer updates to FRIDAY’s system in the home, as the AI system isn’t as advanced here as it is in the Tower. Once everything is in working order, FRIDAY’s voice disrupts the silence that has fallen over the workshop.
"I didn't want this," croaks Steve. The words sound ugly leaving his mouth and it makes his stomach turn as all of his hidden insecurities rear their monstrous heads and disrupt Steve’s fragile illusion of inner peace. "I'm so sorry, Tony, I don't know what- how do I-" He takes a moment to try and regain control over his breathing, and suddenly an image of a younger Steve comes to mind, when he was a sickly five foot nothing kid struggling to breathe. He hasn't felt this out of place since waking up from a seventy year sleep.
The elevator opens and out rolls Natasha, already in her fighting stance, with Steve, Bucky, and Bruce behind her. Steve has his shield raised, Bucky has his hand on a gun, and Bruce looks ready to Hulk out any minute now. They, too, look confused when there is no sign of a threat. Tony spots something moving out of the corner of his eye, and tilts his head to see Sam swoop down onto the landing pad outside with Redwing soaring behind him. He opens the glass doors and peaks his head inside, managing to look confused even with the goggles covering a good portion of his face.
Early the next morning, before the sun has even risen, Tony awakens. He panics for the briefest moment as he feels a weight on his ankle, fearing someone has tied him to the bed to torture him and probably break his ankles much like in that Stephen King novel Tony read years ago, until he realises that the weight is nothing more than Rhodey’s hand. Carefully, Tony manoeuvres himself from under his friends’ hand and slips out of the sheets, disregarding the chill that wracks his body as his bare feet touch the cool floor.
Barnes eyes him for a moment, as if trying to decipher if Tony is being genuine or not. “Well, at least we finally agree on somethin’,” he says after a moment. “You’re loud, rude, a sloppy drunk, and seem to think you’re better than everyone else just ‘cause you own a tower. You ain’t all that, Tony Stark, but Stevie seems to think that you are. Why’s that?”
How do you think the team will react once they find out what exactly Tony has done to himself? What will Bucky do when he realises that Steve lied to him? And how will Tony feel when he discovers that Steve is the one helping him? So many questions, so little time.
Alas, my happiness was not to be. The comments, along with the interest of my readers, diminished until I was nearly tearing my hair out with each new chapter trying to figure out where it all went so wrong. The quality of my writing deteriorated as did my confidence and my mental health. This fic was no longer enjoyable for me to write, and I felt trapped in some sort of twisted barren spell. So, I stopped writing it.
The longer Steve watches Tony, the more he notices the tense line in the man’s shoulders and the slight waver in his voice. Steve’s gut wrenches and he runs a hand through his hair.
Tony remains silent while he fixes the target, not wanting to alert Steve or Barnes to his presence, until the piece of wiring suddenly sparks and scalds his hand, causing Tony to drop his tools with a loud ‘clang’.
“You can’t just kill someone, Tony,” says Steve, speaking up for the first time since entering the room. Tony glares at him coldly, appearing to hate Steve more and more with each word he speaks. A small lump forms in the super soldier’s throat but he continues on. “That’s not going to help anything.”
“I’m giving you space, Tony. More importantly, I’m giving you my trust. I’m trusting that you will make a decision that benefits you, and if keeping whatever you did in the workshop a secret is something that will do that, then I won’t intervene.”
“Broken,” slurs Tony, shrugging his shoulders as he stares at his mangled and horribly swollen hands.
Steve doesn’t get to ask what she means because her window is already being rolled up as she drives away from him and to the hospital, but he thinks that he has a fair idea.
Her tone is casual and impassive, but Tony knows Natasha better than that and he narrows his eyes. She looks at him from the corner of her eye and Tony chuckles lowly, shaking his head.
“Hey,” says the archer softly. He stands in the doorway until Tony pats the spot beside him, signalling for Clint to sit down, which he does. Their shoulders brush together slightly as their legs dangle over the edge of the landing pad and Clint sighs beside him, which makes Tony glance over.
“Of course I trust you, but I’m not stupid, Nat. You and I both know that you are fully capable of finding out by yourself, so why haven’t you?”
The next half hour goes by with Tony ordering both Bruce and Natasha to fetch various tools and supplies and telling them how exactly to fix the colossal fuck up in Bucky’s metal arm. Tony spots the problem instantly once they wheel Barnes closer to the camera, and he cannot help but whistle lowly.
1) This fic has been abandoned for nearly seven months, in which I spent those months opening the word document and staring at the blinking cursor without actually
Pepper eyes him critically and Steve shoves his hands inside the pockets of his pants so that he doesn’t fidget. “Good,” she says after a long silence. “I know that Tony will blame himself and there’s nothing anyone can do about that, but I also know that his guilt will drive him insane if he doesn’t catch who’s behind all of this and
Rhodey honks the horn again and Steve winces. Natasha rolls her eyes and takes her cue to leave, turning around to shut the trunk and then walking towards the driver’s door. Steve watches as she hops into the vehicle and slams the door shut, tossing the remainder of the bread into the back seat next to Tony before she starts the engine. Just as Steve goes to turn around, her window rolls down and Natasha sticks her head out of the opening, a sly smile on her lips.
The pain in his chest increases at that. They stop in front of the elevator and Tony presses the button for the ground floor, feeling jittery and anxious for no apparent reason. Rhodey eyes him suspiciously.
He tugs the blanket further over his head and grabs his ‘World’s #1 Asshole’ (courtesy of Rhodey) mug and fills it to the brim with rich and steaming coffee. Sam wrinkles his nose at the black drink, preferring a sweeter one himself, as Tony places it on the countertop. He goes back to flipping pancakes while Tony seats himself next to Bruce, but it proves rather difficult with the blanket still wrapped around him.
Unbeknownst to them, Clint slips inside the gym to work out and stops abruptly at the sight before him. He watches his two friends fight viciously for a moment, and then hightails it out of there to inform the others. They pause long enough in their sparring for Tony to shrug his sweat-drenched hoodie off over his head, and then Natasha leaps and wraps her legs around Tony from behind, placing him in a chokehold. Tony stumbles slightly and jerks his head backwards to bash his skull against Natasha’s face. Natasha grunts from pain but only tightens her arm around Tony’s throat, so he is forced to get more creative. Tony grabs Nat’s arms and propels himself forward a step, using the momentum to swing Natasha over his head so that she hits the mat again and is left staring up at Tony with a bloody nose. The engineer smirks down at her, prepared to gloat, but the one move that he doesn’t expect is Natasha’s punch to his balls, which knocks the air right out of him but isn’t nearly as painful as it would have been without the Extremis.
Pepper stiffens and her jaw clenches. Tony both regrets the words that escaped and is glad that he has finally let them out after keeping the bottled up for so long.
There is a pause. “He would like to speak with you about a private matter concerning Captain Rogers.”
be pleased when he tells her. Tony hadn’t told her that, after he had cured her of the Extremis, he had also taken samples and all of the data that he would need to improve and stabilise it. In his defence, he never really had a chance because they only ever spoke about Stark Industries related things after the break-up. Tony knows that he’s only looking for excuses, but he also really didn’t think that he would make it out of the shabby procedure alive. He hadn’t accounted for ever having to tell Pepper that he just injected himself with something that almost killed her and caused her so much grief in the past.
“That came out bitter,” says Tony before Steve can think of a way to assure Tony that his insecurities are stupid while also warning him not to speak of his pal, his buddy, his Bucky, like that again. If anything, his voice is even rougher than before when he speaks again. “Forget I said anything.”
Tony groans loudly and clenches his hands into fists by his side. “Fine,” he grits out. “Send him up, but keep the cameras on him at all times. I don’t trust him.”
“Sometimes I wish I didn’t,” replies Pepper around a yawn. A faint rustling comes from her end of the line and Tony hears a murmured conversation involving Pepper and a tired male’s voice and- oh, yeah, Tony keeps forgetting that Pepper and Happy live together now. The sound of a door clicking shut causes his thoughts to dissipate. “What’s up?”
Steve feels a rather painful lump form in the back of his throat as Tony speaks, and by the end of the speech he's on the verge of tears and unable to calm the rapid rise and fall of his chest. The words of Dr. Erskine come to mind - "
Half an hour later sees Tony finishing his third beer, which is almost his record time, and staring at the photos and documents of his father. Tony holds a beer in one hand and a lighter in the other, which he continues to flick on and off to pass the time. He thinks of all of the years he spent trying to get Howard to love him and appreciate him, but he was never good enough. He was never good enough because he wasn’t the great Steve Rogers, the guy who Tony swears hands-down that Howard had a crush on despite being married. Tony’s grades were never good enough even though he was always at the top of his class, his inventions were never good enough even though he got handed at least half of his father’s workload and then took on the whole lot once he died. His father could go on for hours about all of the ways that Tony was a disappointment. Apparently, now that his father isn’t around to do it anymore, Tony’s mind has taken up the habit instead.
“All inhabitants of the Tower are currently in the living room in your penthouse discussing how to gain access to the workshop. I believe their favoured plan is to break the door, sir.”
Natasha and Pepper arrive to bring him back to the Tower as promised, and he bids Rhodey farewell before they leave. In his exhausted state, Tony doesn’t notice the presence of another person on his floor until Pepper clears her throat and nods towards the living room. Confused, Tony takes a few steps forward and then bursts into tears at the sight of Bruce smiling at him from the centre of the room, carrier bag thrown onto the couch.
Natasha eventually notices him and stops the mixer, throwing him a pleased half-smile from across the room. “Tony, come-”
Tony places the hearing aid and his tools down and turns in his stool to give Pepper a smile. “That’s great news, Pep.”
“What ain’t you tellin’ me, Stevie?” asks Bucky. Steve looks at him again and Bucky raises his eyebrows.
At that, Tony practically sprints towards the elevator, nearly tripping on the blanket still wrapped around him and shielding his eyes from the outside glare. He reaches the lower level in no time, and finds Bruce sitting at the breakfast bar with the newspaper in his hands and a mug of steaming coffee on the marble countertop in front of him. Sam is whistling along to the radio as he pours some pancake batter into a sizzling pan. They both look up once Tony enters, and share equally amused looks.
Pepper laughs wetly on the other line but it comes out sounding like a huff of static. “I never thought I’d see the day.”
“I think my last message was clear enough, Tasha.” Tony raises his eyebrows at her and the corners of Natasha’s lips lift up in a smile. Bruce glances at her and then at the camera in confusion, clearly not having been told of Tony’s outburst at Steve in the training room.
” while he works. He and Pepper e-mail occasionally, mostly about work and the company, but there are some e-mails where Pepper will have included a little
“Might as well be,” Tony shoots back. Bucky steps further into the room and observes Tony’s drunken state with an unimpressed expression and raised eyebrows. “Why’re you here, Barnes?”
“Stark is rising to the bait like a fool. He has stepped foot inside his armour for the first time since the Accords. If my predictions are correct, which they will be, he will continue to do so over the coming weeks and the plan will proceed as normal.”
of all people. After some meddling from the team and a lot of reassurance from Steve that he actually feels the same way, Tony decides to give it a shot and it ends up being better than he had hoped.
No one objects, even if Rhodey looks like he wants to, but Natasha wheels him into the elevator before another argument can erupt. The seven of them look ridiculous squished into the elevator and, had it been any other time, Tony may have laughed but instead he tugs harshly on the strands of his hair and turns his back to the closing doors until he suddenly twists around and hurls the glass bottle at the doors. They shut just before the glass hits them and causes everyone in the elevator, including Natasha, to gasp.
She obliged, telling them who she was wearing, and how much fun she was having maybe exaggerating a little.
“What did he do to you?” Steve says, finally catching up to her, “I know what kind of missions he was sent on.”
Right next door was her daughter. Her only family. So she waits outside the room where she got blood drawn, till the doctor leaves. She almost doesn’t go in but is drawn to the door.
He motioned her out the back of the van after he cuffed her. The second her feet hit the ground she moved to run, but two large men stood on either side of her, and grabbed her arms.
She followed Sasha two doors down, where a girl with a crown braid sat on a bed bobbing her head to music.
Finally they arrived at a strange looking door. It was clear enough to see blurred shapes and giant streaks of light, but everything had a white film over it.
Toni did her best not to think about it again, she crashed with Tera, refrained from partying because obviously she makes terrible decisions while drunk. Sure she went out, but after analyzing the past few weeks, she’s probably ought to cool it before she hurts herself.
Her mouth was raw and sore, she clutched her neck and could already tell where bruises from his death grip will appear soon.
I've been trying to get in touch with user EQfan74, if you know them or have can contact them, please send them my way.
“I think you’re misplacing your anger.” Natasha says, “You know he was a puppet just like you. He didn’t have any control.”
Walking down the hallway Toni kept her face neutral. It was a difficult task, between the raging voice in her head, and the whispering voices around her. It wasn’t a quiet whisper either, she could make out exactly what they were saying,
The flash drive was still in his pocket, he checks it every few minutes to make sure it was still there.
Then she’d slowly walk towards the boys on the basketball court, they played with a much smaller net, because they were very short, but Antoinette could definitely join in. Well, she could join in if when she asked to play they didn’t sneer at her, even calling to the teacher and accusing her of bothering them.
“Next time try and stretch your wallet a little more and spring for a babysitter, jesus christ. Or maybe just a stylist, if I didn’t know any better the just put gave her a big piece of cloth made her color and stitch it herself.”
Her legs started to shake, so Toni clamped them down with her leg. If she stopped applying force, Petra would recover momentarily, and Toni would have to start again.
“Of course not.” She finally found the light switch on the wall and flick one of them, turning on a light nearby, illuminating Nika, strapped to a chair.
“You don’t have to leave yet, sweetheart.” he purred, brushing his hand down her cheek erratically, his fingers couldn’t maintain the straight path, “We could dirty them up a bit before you get clean ones.”
He’d been hit, and it wasn’t good. Steve turned towards the window and got a look at the shooter, dressed in all black and running. He started towards him when Fury grabbed his wrist.
“Yeah it’s called alchohlism.” She paused at the sad look on Rhodey’s face. Maybe re-evalute she thought, it couldn’t hurt to ease up on the drinking, and maybe see Rhodey more or actually get to know her pretty new secretary, Pepper.
While she’d been looking towards Madame and the Instructor, Katya rushed her. Unlike the other girls, Katya wasn’t much bigger than Toni, agile maybe, but Toni was better. She let Katya grab her arms and swept her feet, knocking the girl to the ground.
There were pages and pages to read, and Toni couldn’t very well walk up to Sasha and snatch the pages out of her hand. The teachers did nothing to stop her, quite possibly having no idea what was going on.
Tania became more bold after Svetlana’s death. Challenging anyone who’d rise to her bait, and in turn, she stopped bothering Toni as much. Probably since Toni stopped sniping back, but also since she was the only one who Tania couldn’t beat.
She never took it as a compliment, because it didn’t mean much. She had nothing to do with her beauty.
“Annie! I saw you at the Oscars on TV last night!” the other girls nodded enthusiastically, some more than others.
“Unfortunately, rebellion isn’t a good thing for a spy, otherwise I’d praise you for having a backbone.” She looks back to Katya, “A rare trait in a school like this.”
“I’m no candidate, take me back and maybe I won’t tell them everything I’ve learned about you people.”
She started walking soon after that, the rising sun only reminded her how little time she had to complete her mission.
Annie moved up a grade again, and changed her name. Antoinette was too long, and since all sorts of things were changing, she figured she ought to change with them. Francesca was fired in the middle of the night and but she did not go quietly. As she walked down the hallway in shame, Mother watching her, Father already left the scene, never one to clean up his messes, Annie caught her eye, she was supposed to be asleep but the commotion woke her up. Francesca’s face broke into a cry,
Toni laughs, but it’s forced, “It was a nightmare not weak bladder syndrome, you really should study hard in biology, or you’ll fall even more behind.”
Then she lifted a pair of large pink shoes in the air, after giving out the leotards, “These are Pointe shoes, professional ballerinas use them. I expect you all to be able to use them in no less than one years time.”
“She’s an indentured servant in Moscow. They used to let me send her letters, but they stopped after year six. I haven’t heard from her or anyone in my family since.”
Her left leg was suddenly free, and she rammed it into Eva’s stomach. The girl doubled over in pain and fell to the side, Toni shot up from the ground and waited just a moment for the girl to turn over onto her back.
It was another moment before Toni got a good hold on her, and restrained her from struggling and getting away.
Soon he didn’t get out of bed, then he couldn’t. Doctor’s tossed around diagnoses like catch, syndromes and rare disorders floated around Toni’s head, but she knew the real sickness he had was her.
“You’re right.” Toni said, standing up with her tray, “I am unhinged, so maybe it’s best for you to take a step back, who knows what I might do?”
Lucette didn’t know what she was walking into, she didn’t know Sasha had rallied the whole grade to be anti rich girl, and she hadn’t been able to get a fake name and live a fake life for two weeks. Toni almost felt bad for her. She would have if she hadn’t blown her cover.
And of course it turned out to be killing her slowly (not slowly enough), and she had to give Howard credit for his help in solving that little problem.
Antoinette spun around, and came face to face with Holly. She was surprised she’d been heard, but held her ground pretending to have not said anything, “What?” Holly sneered for the first time that Antoinette had seen, but she had no idea how many times she’d done it behind her back.
As she places the last one, under a shelf in the linen closet, she heard the door start to open. Her body tensed, but she didn’t panic. She calmly stepped into the bathroom, hoping Mazur was too drunk to notice her. Maybe he’d pass out on his bed and allow her to escape unnoticed.
So while she’s sitting in her office listening to Pepper let out every grievance she’s had with Toni for roughly four years, and tunes her out, she lists the ways god screwed her over and if she believed in him she’d be thinking of ways to pay him back.
The Orlov girl, Kayta Toni thought, looked down at her feet a moment and said nothing, so the Instructor went on with her lesson, explaining the phonetics of French and Bulgarian to them.
-December 9th the second Friday of December is lost and found, and I thought I’d use a slightly more funny/happy date after the last chapter. Toni is found by a lot of people, many of whom also thought she was lost.
Natasha’s eyes widened in recognition, but her brow furrowed, “No. That was Antonia Sobol. I looked her up after that mission. I kept my eye on her. She was Lucifer. She died on a mission three years later.”
Before he could ask any questions, a gunshot rang through the apartment, shattering the glass and his eardrums. He only shot back a foot and paused a moment, before lunging towards Fury and pulling him out of view of the window.
She spends her hour of free time in an empty classroom, usually she holds up in the library, but today she hooks her feet under the heavy desk, and practices sits ups. She does it till she can’t and her abdomen burns and aches. Then she starts push ups.
“It’s not a bad thing.” Nika says, “I mean Tania brings it up a lot. She says you’re secretly a boy.”
“Will do Cap, I’ll just stay in my little corner and never dare to do stuff in my own home ever again.” She said, meaning it sarcastically, but she felt it come off just a little too sad.
“You don’t know a damn thing about what I lost.” She spat, “You don’t know what it was like to have a terrorist pointing a pistol at your head yelling, ‘This is for Captain America. Long live the revolution, let the Accords die!’ after he crashed his car into your, killing-”
“No, I’m infiltrating the meeting and exposing HYDRA within SHIELD, Steve is going to disable the help carriers and everything.” She pauses a moment, “And try to neutralize the soldier.”
“Aunt Peggy. Visited me at MIT, came to all my dance recitals, brought me presents on Christmas. I knew her for nearly twenty years. I researched Alzheimer's for five of them. How long did you know her again?”
She’s sent to speak at the front, she’s handed a microphone, and looks out at the sea of concerned faces, quiet pity for the poor orphan. She spots Rhodey and Pepper, whom must’ve just arrived, and in the back she even sees Brynn Wayne of Wayne Enterprises.
Comments are not only welcome, but encouraged. Tell me what you think, what you want to happen and anything that crosses your mind, I promise you every comment makes me update 5x times faster!
She was agile, small boned and unassuming. Anyone looking at her could tell she didn’t know how to fight. She could use it, get stronger, learn all the moves in secret, and then take them by surprise.
She smiled, “No. I’m Amanda. I keep getting my neighbor’s mail. But Eugenie’s getting old, so I have to bring it to her, but she lives two floors down on the other side of the building. Kinda left it to the last minute this week.”
Svetlana shuffles towards her, gun cocked, she holds it steady against Lara’s head, and she goes silent, whimpering softly, “Please God, please forgive me. I’m sorry God. I don’t want to die, I don’t want-”
These kinds of works are a BITCH to write, so if you have any comments, positive or constructive criticism, leave it below!
“Quel temps fait-il Markov?” She started easy with the weather. Markov, the first girl in line was short and plump. They hadn’t started combat training yet, but she’d be in a world of trouble when they did.
“She’s stable currently, but there’s internal hemorrhaging, if we don’t act now she and the baby won’t make it.”
I've been trying to get in touch with user EQfan74, if you know them or have can contact them, please send them my way.
Finally, as he neared the top of the next flight of stairs, the door to his apartment was in view, he strode towards it when someone flung open their own door and rushed out barging into him.
“Fuck,” she cursed to herself, debating whether or not to try and run over the highway barrier, coast through the reinforcement or just surrender. Lord knows she had a few reasons to surrender.
The blood splattered all over Toni. She’s given a washcloth and a new shirt. She walks towards the sleeping quarters alone, two empty beds lie in her class’s section, and they’ll not be used for a long time.
“And listen to you complain about it for the rest of the evening? Not a chance. Just pick a number one through twelve.”
“I want to be alone. You can take the vodka if you want, and any other drink you find. I know theres some in the fridge.”
She hadn’t even started to show yet. Just under 4 months, the pregnancy books she bought said she’d start showing any day now.
The wagon finally pulled into the driveway of the mansion, and they got out of the back. The first man gave the driver some coins, and they stood outside a moment while he drove away.
Toni sighed, it would be a good job. She wouldn’t be bored, she could sleep at night. Plus working for HYDRA and the Red Room’s archenemy would be satisfying. But she wasn’t ready to be taking missions from anyone but herself for a while, and she already had one on her mind.
“Reed Richards son? I hated that kid.” She’d met him a few times at their parents work meetings, “Well, he better have some good booze.”
