Tony shrugged, “That Obie was a big man, that he was much older than me, and that he was very close with Howard.”
Zach of course got his way with the s’mores and was practically vibrating with his sugar excess by the time Tony and Steve insisted they all go to bed. Peter groaned at this because he was the one who would dealing with a hyper Zach rather than Tony and Steve, and braced himself for being kept awake with rapid fire conversation and being bounced on as Zach wriggled around and chattered non stop.
"Wow, Jarvis I didn't know you took that much notice into my life, I'm touched. Don't worry, that's just my AI JARVIS. Jarvis, say hello to our party guest, Kitana. She's getting ready with Natasha and then walking in with me and Steve, so do be a dear and let him know our guest is here" He grinned at no one in general, waiting for his AI to respond.
"I like it, it's absolutely perfect. Looks great for business and would suit me perfectly. Now I just need to try it on and find some matching shoes to go with it along with a ... Bag. Oh, I see you've already though of bags, I'll take that clutch, side bags don't really suit me. Would you mind finding me some matching shoes while I try this on? I'm a size 38. Thank you!" not stopping her talking and taking both the dress and the clutch to the dressing room, she left Kitana stood there with her eye brow raised, slightly outraged she was being treated this was in her own shop but accepting enough that she knew that some customers were going to be trickier to deal with than other, especially the rich or those who feel like they have more power than anybody else. Shaking her head, she placed the left-over bag back where it was meant to be and she found a pair of black peep toe pumps as well as matching blue ones. Walking over to the dressing room, she placed both by the doors and called through. "I bought two pairs of shoes for you to try, I thought too much blue might be overpowering, so I bought black ones over as well as the blue." Hearing some acknowledgment, Kitana strode over to Natasha, seeing her measuring herself up against a green floor length gown. It wasn't a flare out dress, but a dress that would hug someone figure all the way down until about knee length where there is a split up the left side.
“If I may?” Jarvis piped up, “Sir has property in Dubai and Morocco, neither of which have an extradition treaty with the USA, I am also able to move all of sir’s considerable wealth from his American and European bank accounts and place them into banks in Morocco and in the UAE.”
The smile on Tony’s mouth didn’t falter as he met her gaze, “By my own hand with intent, probably around two dozen. But to be fair, they were terrorists, they deserved to be burned to death and blown up. As for my being responsible for the deaths my weapons caused, well, a weapon cannot fire itself, a gun, a missile, hell, even a knife cannot act independently, it takes human intervention and intent to take lives, without that, those weapons are nothing but inanimate lumps of metal.”
After reading the Doctor’s report Steve set the pages down, “I don’t understand all that is written there.” The super soldier admitted, “But I think I get the gist of what he’s saying.”
The first dinner he had with his family after his mood swing was awkward, he wasn’t sure what to say to the rest of the team, he’d apologised to Tony and Steve but everyone knew that it would take more than an apology for things to be completely alright.
The host balked and shook his head, “How anyone could do that to another person, to a child is beyond belief. That man is evil, and I hope the authorities catch up with him soon.”
Tony hesitated, he’d not been swimming in years, but he didn’t want to keep missing out on things like this, he wanted to go swimming with his boys, with his fiancé… taking a deep breath he nodded, “Just let me get my trunks on.” He said retreating back up to the tent.
With the snaps of Steve and Tony hugging and kissing on the penthouse balcony being safely stored in a phone and then sold for a six figure sum to a tabloid; it did not take long for the story to explode.
“He needs medical attention.” Steve replied, “He has some superficial burns, possibly a concussion, and a broken arm.”
“An hour.” Bruce replied, “He’s had ten cc’s of morphine administered and a shot of erythromycin. Blood pressure is 80 over 40 and dropping, his pulse is rapid and thready.”
The twins had been in Slovakia for several days now, they had crossed the border and hitched a lift to Puchov, where they had stayed in a motel over night, Wanda had convinced the owner to give them free room and board so they got to spend a night in a bed and have a decent meal the following morning before they left.
“What kind of parent am I?” Tony asked against Steve’s chest, “One of my kids gets kidnapped, the other ends up in hospital. I’ve nearly died on national TV twice now, what the hell am I doing to them, traumatizing them like this?”
“Yeah he’s completely recovered.” Tony said, “He still gets the odd nightmare, but otherwise he’s much better.”
“Run!” Steve barked at the Omega, as he pulled the man out of the car and onto the bonnet only to get a metal elbow in the gut and his legs kicked out from under him, sending him down onto the bonnet. The man was on him in an instant, lifting him up and punching him repeatedly, the blows hit and hurt, this man was enhanced, he was as strong if not stronger than Steve, whom he hefted like a doll and threw him down onto the ground, jumping after him and kicked him in the back to send him sprawling again.
“Maybe just a little to take the shine off his nose and something to emphasis his cheek bones and jaw.” Pepper said looking Steve’s face over with a critical eye. Steve was thankful at not being plastered in make-up, it was one of the things that Tony complained about when he went before the cameras, having to be made up in foundation, concealer, and the rest of it. Steve could understand that well enough, he’d been plastered in make-up back in his stage days and had always hated the feel of it on his skin. At least make-up wasn’t as harsh now as it had been back then, but he was still thankful to be spared it.
“They might.” Tony fretted, “Especially if shit heads like Senator crotch rot get involved. He was vocal about be adopting Peter, said I wasn’t fit, that I shouldn’t have been allowed to keep Zach.”
Tony had just taken a mouthful of tea and nearly spat it out, “You mean the quinjets? They’re not exactly cheap to build, Shield’s funding comes from the W.S.C. Which was now know is likely infested with Hydra, when we route them out the entire council will likely fall and with it goes Shields funding.
Taking the chair’s handles from Bruce Steve pushed Tony over to the bed so he could hold Peter’s hand. Quietly he said down in his chair beside Tony and resting a hand on his fiancé’s knee.
Steve looked up at him confused and hurting, yet hopeful too, a hope that Tony had to extinguish before it hurt the Captain even more. Because this could never be anything and Tony had to make Steve see that, so he could stop kidding himself and go and find an Omega his own age, one who was without emotional baggage, covered in scars, and already had two kids.
“If I did Killian, what happens to your soldiers, to you, to your product?” She asked, backing away but keeping the hypo against her throat, What happens when you burn too hot Killian?”
“Of course, take care all of you.” Pepper said. She maintained her calm and efficient smile until the lift doors closed then she let her expression become one of anxiety and tiredness.
Tony was confused, not able to understand what Steve was saying or what he meant. But as Steve stood, looking for his discarded trousers, obviously intending to leave he called out to him, “Wait, what?”
Rogers let out an explosive sigh and ran a hand through his hair, beginning to pace, “God sakes Tony, when will you get it through your head that there is no Thanos?” he demanded, “We defeated him, we nuked him and his army, they’re gone, there is no threat except from Hydra, and instead of focussing on that, you’d have everyone preparing for some fairy tale villain from out of space!”
Tony also began to work on a training plan for Zach. He needed to be able to control his abilities and not start lashing out with them by mistake if he got worked up as they could result in him hurting someone by accident.
“I slapped his face, that’s hardly an attack,” Rogers protested and snorted, “Hell, considered all the shit Stark’s done I’d say a backhand around the face is the least of what he deserves!”
“Thank you Friend Stark, but I am content here for the time being.” Thor said, “And Master Peter has challenged me to a test of skill and intelligence this afternoon.”
Tony opened his mouth to ask what Steve meant but before he could, Steve brought the shield down onto the thighs, the edge of the metal slicing through the flesh of his thighs, cutting down and hitting the bone beneath.
“Yeah, Doctor Frankenstein.” The cop sneered from the door, “And don’t worry, I’m sure the prison MO will be more than happy to assist you in changing your shit bag. The inmates too no doubt.”
“What about you jumping up and down at Midnight? With all the sugar you’ve had you’ll be hard to put to bed!” He bit his tongue and his cheeks reddened as he realized how that sounded after he’d said it. “I mean umm, well, you’ll need to burn off the energy too.” He stammered, trying to rectify the situation.
“Sorry.” Steve apologised and actually sounded sincere, “It can’t be easy, raising two children alone.”
Peter nodded, he knew a little more than Zach did but not all of the details regarding Obadiah Stane, clearly, at some point Tony would have to explain things to Zach but at present he was too young to fully understand what Stane had done and what Tony had gone through.
Finally after a year of legal battles a deal had been reached and the team could return, they were all on house arrest for the next two years, they could only leave the compound grounds between the hours of 7am and 7pm, the only exceptions to this were in event of an emergency, either a personal medical emergency requiring immediate hospital treatment, or an Avengers type emergency like the battle of New York. They all also had several hundred hours of community service to complete which would be carried our during the curfew they’d been given. They also had to make public apologies for their actions, and sign the amended Sokovia accords that Tony had a personal hand in writing with the UN and various other Superheroes and representatives from various humanitarian and legal organisations so it would be fair for all involved.
“He’s going to pay!” She snarled, her eyes crimson, and magic dancing around her, “He’s going to pay for everything!” She let out another blast of magic, but Steve dropped down in front of Tony who had yet to get back onto his feet, and took the blast on his shield.
Loki sat quietly on the jet, too quietly, which Steve pointed out to Tony, who didn’t seem that bothered, and made some comment about some form of exercise and referred to Steve as a capsicle. The Omega’s arrogance and disregard for him ground on Steve’s already frayed nerves and he would probably have said more but at that moment Loki’s brother Thor arrived and things went to hell with Stark flying off after Thor and Loki and Steve taking a parachute to join them.
“Is that so?” Steve asked, lifting Zach up onto his shoulders, “And you gave your allowance to the shelter? That’s very generous of you.”
Tony went to the bathroom and took several minutes washing his hands and face. Staring at himself in the mirror he could see the weight of stress bearing down upon him, his eyes were bloodshot from a lack of sleep, his hair was a mess, his beard untrimmed and cheeks bristling with stubble, he looked a mess and felt like a mess, and fuck, his life was a mess right now, his kids lives were a mess and it was his fault.
They kept the conversation on “Safe” subjects as they rode up in the glass lift, Natasha asking how Peter was doing back in school since the battle of New York, how Zach was doing, if he’d gotten over his chicken pox. What Bruce was up to, just general talk so if anyone was listening, (Which they probably were) They would not be alarmed.
“And you are on restricted commentary.” Tony said pointing at Peter, “Stuff your mouth and shut up.”
“Told you I was fine.” He said with a smug smirk which remained on his face until Tony landed besides him a face like thunder.
“What is it with Tony Stark and the universal belief that he is not perfect?” He asked very quietly, “Is it some kind of blind spot you all have in you that keeps you from seeing how beautiful you are?”
Being around Rogers, being around the Avengers at all, had not done anything for Tony’s self-confidence or esteem. Clint was cool, when he’d been around, but Romanoff and Rogers never let up on berating Tony for every mistake and misstep. Poked holes in armour and ridiculed any attempts he made at friendship overtures. They would also laugh meanly and give Tony pointed looks, whenever Thor compared Tony to Loki, both in appearance, since he was shorter than the rest of the team, darker than them, and had devious and intelligent mind.
The thought of that, of Tony’s body crumpled in a pool of his own blood made Steve shudder. It was all too easy to imagine Tony falling to his death, his body replacing Bucky’s on the train, his face frozen in terror as his hand missed Steve’s and he plunged to his death.
“Everyone stay alert I don’t want any surprises.” Tony said as they reached the door, the lock was digital but Jarvis quickly took care of that and they pushed the door open, stepping into the facility Steve hadn’t been inside of in seventy years. Echoes of memories ran around his head as he followed Tony, Jarvis guiding them via a tablet Tony had brought, taking them to a lift down below the ground level, deep down where the heart of Shield had been.
“What were you thinking?” Mr Leeds shouted at Ned. The pre-teen hung his head low, tears were glistening in his eyes and threatening to fall down his cheeks as he cringed under his parents disappointment and anger.
Clint lolled his head to look at her and grinned, “If you clown are looking to get on with the torture shit, then I suggest you untie Nat. She could teach you asswipes everything you never wanted to learn about torture. Natural little sadist is our Natasha here.”
“Should we contact Clint, do you think?” Steve asked, “Or get the others involved?” He hadn’t fought alongside Rhodey yet, their trip to Leheigh aside, but he’d read about War Machine and knew he’d be a hell of an asset to them, as would Hulk for that matter.
Pepper swallowed hard and wet her bloodless lips before replying, “Your mother’s been shot.” She said her voice hoarse and thick, “He was shot through the back at close range.”
Steve nodded, “He was a very bad man, he didn’t deserve to be bonded to your Mamma, or to have a Pup like Zach.”
Then equipped with a torch each, along with drinks, marshmallows, biscuits, and chocolate, they all headed back down to the beach where Steve set up a bonfire which they sat around toasting the marshmallows making s’mores.
“It means gives.” Tony explained, “Now, why don’t you go and draw a picture of Uncle Platypus in his armour, and don’t forget the big guns he has on it.”
“Are you sure this is a good idea?” Pietro asked as they headed for the port, “We saw on the news that Stark is crippled.”
"Well then. Eat your ice cream and when we get home you can make a Get Well card for Peter to have besides his hospital bed."
“Mamma come wit’us.” Zach whined as he scrambled into the chair at the table and swung his legs resting his chin on his hands.
As Steve relayed Bruce’s message to Natasha, Bruce, with Thor’s help got Tony strapped to the stretcher and then very carefully turned him over so he was face up, making sure they didn’t jolt him at all as they moved him. As soon as he was turned over Bruce slapped packs over the wound in Tony’s abdomen which was as large as Steve had feared and pouring blood.
Peter smiled, “It’s not as great as it sounds. Junk food doesn’t cut it, I don’t stay full long enough from it for it to be effective, so I have to follow a tailor-made diet now.” He looked at the pizza and grinned, “Most of the time anyway. Uncle Bruce helped design it.”
Peter struggled to answer, it had all seemed so logical and necessary before, now it seemed stupid and reckless, “I wanted to prove myself.” He said fighting back tears, “So you’d let me on the team, stop treating me like a kid.”
When his eyes focused he made out the sight of a hospital room and a police officer on the door, the officer noted his return to consciousness and alerted the nurses, within moments a team was around him, checking his pupils, asking him his name, date of birth, and other questions.
“Please tell me that my Blueberry didn’t get blueberry pancakes for breakfast again.” Tony sighed making a beeline for the coffee.
“Mutated.” Tony said, moving to sit on the arm of the sofa, “That would be the scientific word. Peter has undergone a mutation due to the spider bite. It has left with physical enhancements that are similar to that of a spider. Being able to lift many times his own bodyweight, stick to surfaces, move with great agility and speed, and his hearing, sight, smell, even taste and touch are greatly enhanced too.”
Tony groaned dramatically when Steve came back from the morning runs just as he was dragging himself from his bed to begin his morning argument with Zack about not having blueberry pancakes everyday.
“Good luck.” Sharon said as she returned with the medical supplies, she set them down on one of the metal desks and Maria took charge of getting them ready, beckoning for Tony to come over and have his arm properly splinted.
“Well that’s impressive.” Steve said taking a step back and watching with amazement as Peter lifted the bell bar with one hand.
Tony mulled that over in his head, “Yes, it is.” He agreed, “Okay, we’ll tell them, but not Shield, not yet, not until we know what is going on, if anything. I still don’t trust Romanoff as far as I can throw her without the suit.”
“Don wan go.” Tony whimpered, he sounded like he was crying, or wanted to cry but didn’t have enough energy or strength to actually do so.
Reed rested a hand on Steve’s shoulder, “I know,” he said, gently, “But there is no other choice, and, you won’t be alone, you have your daughter, she is counting on you to survive, she needs you Steve, you have to live. For her.”
It was a large canvas oil painting and could have been likened to the Birth of Venus, only this was the Birth of Iron Man. Steve had painted the Iron Man rising up from amid the Manhattan Skyline, a magnificent sunset behind him, the reds, oranges, ambers, pinks, and violets glinting off the armour that was soaring up to the sky. The detailing was perfect, Steve had captured every curve and slope of the armour, had even made an accurate detailing of the arc reactor and the light that flared from the repulsors.
Natasha and Clint had arrived in Miami a few hours before he’d arrived and they’d scoped out the mansion before he got there, locating all the blind spots and easy access points, saving them time once their plan was in action.
“They kill anyone, including themselves, you’re cleaning up the mess.” Tony deadpanned and stalked away before Deadpool could drag him back again.
“Around the Potomac, just under five miles, usually takes me between thirty and forty minutes depending on wind direction and how tired I am.” Sam sounded proud at this, and he had a right to be, most people couldn’t run nearly five miles in thirty minutes, only professional athletes and those with military or service training could do it. Steve however could do better and couldn’t help but to show off.
This got Tony’s attention and he immediately tried to sit up wincing in pain but refusing to stay laying down and shuffled up the bed so he was propped up by pillows.
“I cannot Sir.” Vision apologized, “You see, I remember JARVIS in my memory, I remember his and your interactions. So, I know, that if you do this, then you will destroy yourself, and I cannot allow that to happen.”
"Peter Parker Stark." Tony said to the receptionist rather rudely interrupting her conversation with a middle aged woman.
This press conference was going to be hardest in her career because it wasn’t about Stark Industries or the latest product, it wasn’t about the Avengers, well, partly it was, but mostly it was about the Stark Family, something she didn’t want to be talking about in front of the worlds media, especially not under such circumstances, but this had to be done.
Really he was so lucky in his parents, Tony had taken him in when he had no real reason to do so, especially considering he’d already got a baby of his own to raise without taking on someone else’s kid. Steve had no reason to be a Father towards Peter or Zach for that matter, but he was happily stepping into the roll of Father for them both.
Pushing himself up on the bed Tony gave Steve his most seductive smirk as the Alpha came in from the bathroom. “Been a while huh?” He said in a husky tone, “I’ve missed you so much.”
“Friday has already checked, this thing has done nothing but maintain an image for months. No new designs, no changes to anything, just basic repairs and minors modifications to previous designs.”
“There’s a hospital in Prague.” Sam said into Steve’s earpiece, “I’m bringing the jet around now, we’ll meet you at the front gate.”
She shrugged, "I have experience of dealing with children." She said, "I've known Clint for ten years."
Decision made, Steve swept Tony up bridal style and grinned at the indignant noise Tony made at being carried in such a way, striding out of the office and telling the startled Secretary that Tony wasn’t feeling well and was going to bed.
Tony heaved a sigh, “Well I don’t want a church ceremony. I’m not religious enough for that, so just an officiate will be cool. I don’t mind having the reception here, we’ve got enough reception rooms that can be used….” He trailed off, “Oh my God, we are so stupid!”
“Nothing” Tony lied, forcing a smile, and he squirmed, bucking his hips to encourage Steve to continue. It might not be the way he wanted it to be, but at least he would get to be with Steve and he wasn’t about to let such an opportunity pass him by just because he was not the Tony that Steve wished he was.
He was put to bed in his new Captain America pyjamas with the Tardis rolled into his bedroom; and a huge smile on his face as he fell asleep dreaming of all the adventures he’d be having in his Tardis.
“Okay then,” Tony looked around the cell, “I’ve got nothing I can use, but, a person who is sedated and pregnant needs regular examinations to ensure their health, and clearly whoever has me here has the intent of keeping me in reasonable health, so, before long, someone should come to check on me.” He smiled, “And then I can make my move.”
While a modernist Howard had taken effort to ensure that the wings of the house were kept in the same Brownstone style as the rest of the manor so the architecture wouldn’t clash. Really, unless one knew that Howard had added on to the original property then one would think that the manor had always had the two wings.
Since then Peter has been training with the Avengers so that one day he too could become a superhero, as well as his strength and senses he is incredibly flexible and he can stick to walls and ceilings like a spider.
His friend and business partner Obie was perfect in his opinion as the man was practically family and would put the needs of Stark Industries before anything else. So he drew up the betrothal, arranging for Tony to be married to Obadiah when he was eighteen.
“She did, she suggested I enrole him in a martial arts school for children his age. It’ll boost his confidence and teach him several skills.” Tony said, he wrinkled his nose, “She also suggested a Shrink but I don’t want to go down that road yet, not until I’ve exhausted other options.”
“Hurts.” Tony ground out, the pain not fading completely even as the contraction finished, the bathroom door slammed open and heavy boots stomped across the floor. Tony sucked in a deep breath and stared at the door to the stall as each one was kicked open.
On his first day back Steve cooked him his favourite breakfast of French Toast with strawberries, and hot chocolate topped with whipped cream. He’d also packed a lunch for Peter that was designed to help his new caloric needs.
As he reached the cliff face Sam and Bruce took hold of Tony and lifted him out of the sea, carrying up to a space they could lay him out fully.
“Then I guess these guys are Orcs!” Ant Man panted, growing to ten foot tall and crushing several chitauri, as Hulk smashed a dozen more.
“Only if I’m hearing them too.” The knocking came again and Vision glided over to the window and drew back the blinds revealing Deadpool plastered against the glass.
“Please. I could pick you up with one arm,” Steve said, sipping his coffee, “And I am not over grown, you are just pocket-sized!” Tony’s mouth dropped open in amused outrage,
Then there was Happy and Pepper, both torn to ribbons, their flesh shredded and bodies laying in their cooling congealed blood.
“Peter said that you and Daddy was makin’ baby Pups while you was all hot. Will them be Bruvers or Sistas?” Zach explained. Tony’s eyes narrowed and he glared at Peter. The pre-teen was choking on laughter and stumbled towards the door with a vague excuse about needing to do some homework.
Tony’s eyes widened and he grabbed Steve’s arms, “Hell no, this is not your fault. You didn’t know, you couldn’t have known. Don’t blame yourself for this. Please don’t.”
"He was bitten by a Spider on his school trip." Natasha said making Bruce almost bite his tongue and stare at her in shock. She shrugged, "He'll only keep on asking."
Peter coughed and spat blood out of his mouth. He couldn’t move, he was pinned down by something very heavy, something that had shielded him from the building collapsing and the explosion.
Steve hated hospitals, hated the smell of them, the too bright lights, the sound of the machines, the pain, disease, and death that lingered in the buildings.
“He’s planning on being a time lord when he grows up.” Peter said with a grin over Zach’s head, “He’s going to build himself a Tardis in the lab.”
Steve winced when Emma got her Ken doll and Natasha showed her how to make Barbie drop kick his testicles.
“My pleasure Captain, although if I may? Do not let Sir know of why you have come to the lab, let him explain to you.”
“And we’d all wind up suffering “Accidents” soon thereafter.” Natasha added, she glanced at Steve who had a tightness to his jaw, “We’re on our own, Steve.”
"And what you need to do to help, is be a big brave boy and do as your parents ask and let us take care of you while they are with Peter." Natasha said, "You want to help your parents and Peter don't you?"
Pepper smiled, she knew he wasn’t kidding either, that he would do it, as would Natasha, without hesitation. “Lets hope it never comes to that.” She said, patting his shoulder and glanced up when Jarvis announced that Zach was awake and on his way to the common room.
"The spider's broke free from their cages and during the panic Peter must have gotten bitten by one of them." She said and her cheeks flushed, "I hadn't gone into that lab myself, my colleague had done so while I remained outside. I have arachnophobia and couldn't face going into a lab with so many spiders." She paused to take a deep breath before continuing, "We thought everyone had gotten out, but then there was shouting, someone calling for an ambulance and for first aiders. That was when Ned. Peter's friend?" At Steve's nod she went on, "He noticed that Peter wasn't with us and..." She broke off, her gaze shifting to look at the floor.
Their brake up had been painful but amicable, and they had remained friends, suffering only a few weeks of awkwardness before they had settled back into their usual routine.
Harley pouted at him, his large eyes growing wider, “So you are just going to leave me here like my douchebag Dad?” He asked in an oddly high pitched voice.
Peter smiled so gratefully that it broke Steve’s heart and he was never more proud of the boy than when he turned back to Tony, that smile still on his face and proceeded to tell Tony just how much he loved him and how everything was going to be fine.
Peter had then grabbed the purse and run back to the old woman, handing it back to her and made himself scarce. He didn’t dare stick around, he didn’t want to attract attention to himself and was very thankful that the old woman hadn’t told the papers what had happened to her, had just been thankful to have her purse back.
“Lets stabilize him and get him to CT, I want to know exactly where that bullet is before we go digging.” At this point one of the Orthopaedic registrar’s joined them and began to examine the leg.
“Why can’t Richards and Dr Doomass make with the angry fucking and stop this bullshit?” Clint complained, as he shot down another Doombot that flew by his current perch on a rooftop.
“We’ll do it.” Tony said decisively, he gave Steve a smile, “It’ll be okay, it’s just one more nightmare, then we’ll hopefully get the data we need to make sure I don’t have anymore,” His grin became lobsided, “Or at least none that aren’t natural.”
He didn’t resist the hug she gave him and let her keep her arm around his shoulders as she led him to the car where Zach was already strapped in sniffing and hiccupping with sobs.
Pepper rose a plucked eyebrow at him, “It’s karma.” She replied serenely and took Zach while Coulson explained the situation to Tony and made sure he loaded up the flash drive and began to look through the information he’d been given.
“Welcome.” Jarvis greeted as the new AI came online, “Please state your name and your purpose for security recognition.”
Steve smirked at him and took a very long and slow drink of his coffee, “Hmm a fine rich roast.” He purred, “Strong and smooth, just what you need to wake you up in the morning.”
“All we have to do is get Thanos where we want him.” Vision said, “Which, considering I carry the Mind Stone, should be easy, as he will come to us to claim his prize.”
“Prove it.” Steve challenged and the screens began showing images from Zola’s archive, the creation explaining how Hydra had evolved and had been playing a long game to get Humanity to willing give up its freedom instead of just taking it from them. How they had been in the heart of Shield from the beginning, a malignant growth hiding deep inside the body, slowly but surely gaining size and strength, perverting justice, twisting fact and fiction, mongering war to their own ends.”
He always had my back and that continued right into adulthood and even after I became Captain America. He would still try and look out for me and watch my back even though I could fight for myself.
This did serve as useful as people began to donate baby clothes, toys, nappies, and other things to the tower that had then well stocked by New Years.
With his throat still raw and head still spinning, Tony staggered from the car and fell to his knees, crawling to the back and popping the trunk where the suitcase armour lay, swiftly he opened and activated it having to bite back a cry of pain as his wrist was jolted.
“Yeah, like superheroes in comics have a normal guy backing them up, you know helping keep their cover and watch surveillance and shi…stuff, I can totally do that for you. But you need a mask and a name, a cool name. Like… Speter or Spiter!”
“Baby no, you aren’t evil, you could never be evil.” He held Peter tight, rubbing his back and pressing Peter’s head into his chest. “You are my baby boy, my Peteypie. There is nothing wrong with you, you are perfect.”
“Those drugs increase the possibility!” Pepper hissed at him. She paused and ran a hand through her hair, taking a breath to calm herself down, “You need to tell Steve what’s going on, he has a right to know.”
“I’ll explain later,” if there is a later, “Just do as I said and get as far away from the city as you can.”
“You let me die.” Dead Steve said, he pressed his hands to his chest, when he pulled them away they were covered in blood and a huge gaping hole was visible in his chest, “I gave you everything.” He rasped, “Even my heart.”
Peter was more serious and had been taken to theatre to be stitched up, his breast bone needing to be set and multiple stitches both internal and external were used to stitch him up from the vivisection.
Killian looked between the pair, “You think burning scares me?” He asked as a glow began to build up under his skin, “I am filled with liquid fire, I already burn hotter and brighter than the stars!” he thrust a hand out and wrapped it about Tony’s throat squeezing tightly and burning Tony’s skin as he did so, “The fire inside me will melt away the cold iron you have encased yourself in and thought you would be safe from all threats.” He tightened his grip making Tony’s eyes bulge and his face turn red, “I will roast you alive inside your metal coffin, laugh as you scream and plead. I will enjoy every moment of watching your skin melting away, your blood bubbling and boiling, your eyeballs exploding inside the sockets!”
Since Tony was struggling to keep from having a panic attack, Steve did the talking for them both, extending a hand to the young woman, "I'm sorry, you are?"
Steve supposed he shouldn’t be surprised by the fact that Tony had booked them into the best hotel in the city, rented out the president suite for them to use while they were staying there. But still, even though he had become used the tower, the expensive décor, finest cuisine, (Pizza, burgers, and other junk food not included) and every kind of modern convenience available, even some that weren’t yet commercially available, Steve couldn’t help but feel rather overwhelmed by the sheer opulence of the place.
“Working out in an important part of the Avengers lives so they will be fit and ready to go at a moments notice.”
Tony shrugged, “It wouldn’t be seen that way. Once a weapon was up there, there would be the risk of someone getting control of it and using it for their own gain, and, we are Americans, born and bred. The weapon would be seen as the property of America even if the president himself said otherwise. I doubt very much that other countries would be happy about us having such a weapon.”
“You just like the rest, an illusion, it’s not real!” Tony insisted, screwing his eyes shut again as if to deny Steve’s presence all the more, “You’re not real, you’re not here.”
“And finally, after much time, the world is now so chaotic, the people so frightened, that humanity is ready to sacrifice freedom in order to feel safe.” Zola said, “Face it Captain, we won, and you failed, just as you failed your beloved friend.”
“It was just so tragic.” He said to Tony as they walked hand in hand to the restaurant Steve had picked for them to eat at. “Although the character of Q reminds me of you a little, more than the older one did.”
He even developed a maternity suit. He wouldn’t wear it unless his life was being threatened, but he figured that after Afghanistan it was better safe than sorry and worked with Jarvis to create sliding plates over the abdomen so it could be enlarged as his belly grew, and grow it did. By the end of the second trimester Tony felt ready to burst and spent his last three months complaining about never ending backache, increasing bladder weakness, swollen ankles, and stretch marks.
“Let him in Friday,” Tony said, flicking through the files and pausing on one that was dated December 1991.
Tony stared at the man, hardly able to believe what he was seeing, it didn’t make any sense, yet there was no denying the person before him, the man who had walked through a portal into his lab. Steven Grant Rogers.
“Well hello.” Steve said with a smile, he leaned down and offered the boy his hands to pull himself up, “And who are you?”
The red had left Steve’s cheeks but now it flooded back as the Captain became flustered, “I don’t know about that.” He stammered.
Thankfully everyone had anticipated Zach’s over-excitement getting him up early and everyone had risen to accommodate this and joined the family on the common floor for Zach’s favourite breakfast of Blueberry Pancakes drowning in syrup and hot chocolate over flowing with marshmallows and whipped cream.
He brought up Pierce’s number and called him, “Stark’s car is tagged, we’ll know where they are and where they are going from here on.”
That was what Tony had decided when he’d been old enough to understand that his parents relationship and their relationship with him wasn’t healthy.
Again Peter gulped, “He means Komodo Dragon.” He said in a small voice, “I didn’t think….well what were the chances….”
Anything that would have been underfoot had been moved out of the way, discounting the cats who eyes the wheelchair with suspicion of squashed tails and turned their backs in disgust or hissed menacingly at the bots who found them fascinating, much to the cats annoyance, yet no amount of hissing, spitting, growling, or snarling could dissuade the demented trio from trying to make friends with the felines.
“Bastard.” Tony snarled squirming in his sand prison, “Let me out of here, give me coffee, or I swear I will never give you any ever again.”
They stared at each other, momentarily speechless and Clint snorted at them, “Yeah, sure, whatever you two. Go have fun, drink champagne, pull a moony to a few Paps, break a senator or two, and be back by midnight!”
“No, they’re still at the detention centre.” Matt said, “It’ll take a while for the team to get here, it’ll be a full military escort as they are considered highly dangerous.”
The second time that Kitana saw Tony was a month later. In that month, she had moved out of the hotel after 2 days, she'd set up her own shop, one that was doing extremly well for saying it was very new. In the 2 weeks that it had been officially open, she'd received more customers than she ever thought she would. The shop that she'd opened was a clothes shop, but not just any clothes shop. Her own fashion boutique called 'Fallen Angels' and it was an immediate hit, especially with the more alternative people as well as some celebrities wanting something out there and different. The clothing varied from Gothic to Emo to slightly weird to be considered everyday wear but was classes as dark couture. Some of them were quite elegant and expensive looking, but they were clothes that she liked and would wear herself, so she though
"So Kitana. Since you now know who I am and I know who you are, because I knocked you down, dragged you off and kissed you, taking your first kiss apparently, what would you like in return? Money? Cars? A night with yours truly?" His cocky attitude never ended, going as far as to leer at her and wink at the end.
"He's right, Kit you look amazing and I cannot wait for all eye's to be on us as me and Steve walk into the room with the most beautiful woman on our arms. What do you think of that?" she could see he meant every word and for that she didn't try and deny what he said. She may feel pretty, or prettier than she's ever been before, but she didn't feel like they were describing her but then again he never had the best self-esteem in the world thanks to Dumbledore and the Wizarding world. Thanking them both, she remembers the bag she bought over with her and the card and present it held for Steve. Walking back to the vanity, she had to bend slightly because of the heels to grab it and turned around holding it, a bright smile on her face.
"Actually, I would like that. I was thinking of having a black bag to match it but having green shoes. I don't like black shoes; they make my feet seem even smaller than they actually are." Her voice was soft but well-spoken with a slight accent there, but Kitana couldn't quite tell what it was. Ignoring that, she returned the smile and nodded over to the dressing rooms.
It was slightly tight and form fitting, but it had a fringe on the hips that came out 4 inches 3/4 of the way around the waist, except for the front in between where the hips would be. The actual skirt comes down to 3 inches above the knee, so it's modest yet flattering. It has short sleeves that flare out slightly and a straight neckline so it shows no cleavage off at all, even if bent over. Handing it over to her, she looked around her shop and walked quickly over to her bag display and quickly picked out two bags that would match. One being a dark blue clutch, with fake diamond like gems on it and it was made of satin. The other is a side bag, not much bigger than the clutch bag and made from the same material as well as colour but instead of gems, there was gold pieces. Walking back over to her, Kitana waited to get her opinion on the dress.
"Yes, and what a pretty pair of eyes they are Red. I've just realized, you now know my name but I don't know yours, Green eyes! Care to indulge me in it, beautiful?" He winked at her even though she was glaring holes into his head.
"Kitana, Steve, I see you've bought a friend this time. Would you like to order anything?" the usual waitress who served them came up to the table and both Kitana and Steve ordered their usual, giving Tony time to order his. Once this was done, they made small talk for a little while until their food arrived.
The same red head spoke up, sneering slightly as she pulled something off the rack and placed it back on again soon after. "My boss is throwing a party just for the sake of throwing a party. It also happens to be one of our mutual friend's birthdays, which he conveniently forgot to tell us about until this morning, so were also going to celebrate that as well. There will be some business associates there that I'll have to deal with, so my outfit will have to be slightly more business than casual, but Natasha can have a casual dress or anything she likes. My boss is paying for the both of us." She carelessly spoke to Kitana, not noticing the frown on her friends face with her attitude towards the owner and how she was only interested in herself.
"Yes Tony, that is a girl you see and yes she is attractive, from both the front and the back. But these are not dates... Or at least I don't think they are. Look Tony, what do you want? I'm kind of in the middle of eating Lunch with Kitana." Realizing what he said, he blushed a little bit but continued to speak. A blush also came across Kitana's face before using her phone again to try and see Tony's face when Steve spoke her name into the phone.
"Whoa, information overload." She took one look at his grinning face and couldn't help but let loose a laugh. There was nothing really funny, but his smile was infectious and she just felt like laughing at the same time.
"Oh, no problem at all. It's just, I met him a month ago on my first day here and he gave me a ride to the hotel I was staying at. He even gave me his number and said if I ever needed anything, just to call him but I totally forgot I had it... Hmm..." her voice trailed off slightly, talking to herself more than the other two girls. The other two red heads looked at each other before turning back to her. Natasha headed back to the changing room to change, while Pepper headed over to the accessories, leaving Kitana to her thoughts.
The first red head, who wore a professional dress and heels and longer red hair, spoke up first. "Yes, you might be able to help us. We've never seen this shop before and due to the fact my boss is hosting a party tomorrow night, we need outfits and we thought we'd see what you have to offer." The way she spoke was very professional and slightly stiff and Kitana took an immediate dislike to her, reminding her too much of Hermione but in Ginny's body. Still smiling, she nodded.
"She won't be? Why? Did she quit?" Steve sounded so surprised that Kitana realized that he actually didn't know anything about it.
"I think I'll take you up on that offer. And this was I can see everyone reaction to what I'm wearing before the party, in case you don't like it or think it's too... Revealing so I can modify it or change completely." She grinned at the both of them, taking a sip out of her wine glass. She'd ordered the Chinese chicken salad as usual and a glass of Rose wine. She thought she'd treat herself and she felt as if she was going to need it when having dinner with both of these men.
"Yes, it was fine. I've just got a mini tour off of Tony here and gave me an information overload. You should have heard him, his mouth was going a mile a minute!" she laughed teasingly back, winking over at Tony to show she was teasing and all three of them burst into laughter once more.
Kitana had just travelled through the Veil in the Department of Mysteries, carrying everything she owns including all her money from Gringotts, in a never-ending bag. It was 19 years after the war had ended and she wanted to get away. She was still in the body of a 25-year-old girl, never looking any different and never changing. The first few years she didn't notice but around the age of 34/35 she finally agreed with what she'd known for a while. She wasn't aging and it seems everyone else was finally noticing too. After the war, she'd fallen out with Ron and Hermione and the rest of the Weasley's too, except the Twins and Bill and Charlie. But they were gone now too. All of them were gone now. And it was all her fault.
Walking into the elevator, the doors immediately closed behind them. "Jarvis, communal floor please. I have a new guest I want to introduce to the others." Tony seemingly spoke into thin air so she was surprised when a voice answered him back.
"Sure thing, I know all the hotels around here! There's one about 5 Blocks away, pretty good, not 5 stars but still pretty good. Another is in the other direction about 7 blocks away that's high class and 5 stars. The last one is just around the corner, but its only 3 stars. Or your last option is still standing, you could spend the night with me!" Winking at the end of his sentence, he let her know he was only joking. Well, half joking at least. In his head, he was thinking he wouldn't mind spending a night with the beautiful woman in front of him. Realizing she wasn't exactly impressed with that, by her stance of arms crossed and one leg further out to the side than usual, he made his facial features change into a smile.
"Her voice was condescending again and you could detect there was a slight bit of jealousy in her voice. Tony didn't like it one bit, especially not with what she was insinuating. He scowled at the monitor again before roughly speaking, his voice betraying what he felt slightly.
Hearing the name Tony made Kitana perk up but shook it off as a coincidence, but the name Stark surely wasn't. Not wanting to jump to a conclusion, she had to ask.
Steve's could be counted as Jealousy but he didn't feel jealous... He just felt slightly lonely or left out. And Kitana's could be explained as attraction or even slightly embarrassment, if the blush on her face was to go by.
"All correct. Now, onto other things. Has Steve told you about the part tomorrow, partly in his honour might I tell you, and has he invited you?" Tony took control once more, just liked he's used to doing.
"Since your walking in with Steve, would you like me to send a car to pick you up at a certain time? Or would you rather come over to the tower early so you can get ready there, so you and Steve are together when it's time for you to walk in?" Even though Tony seemed alright with what he was saying, anyone looking at them barring both other people at the table could see he was jealous. But the thing was, was he jealous of Steve or Kitana?
"Well, do you want to start getting ready? I have everything I need in this bag, where's your stuff?" Kitana walked over to the bed where her bag lay and started to pull things and laying them on the bed. Luckily, with magic, the dress hadn't creased but hopefully Natasha will just think it's just that type of material that doesn't crease. On the bed lay a red sating with black lace overlay short strapless dress and the black strappy heels lay on the floor next to the dress. She had decided to wear skin tights because then she'd show off their shape better. Seeing Natasha raise and appraising eye over her and then the dress she tried her hardest not to fidget as she waited to see what her opinion was.
The first time Tony Stark met Kitana was by accident. Well, more like it was he was trying to hide from his fans and she was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
"Who do you think you are? Knocking me over then dragging me off into an alleyway just to kiss me, my first kiss! And you were talking about what you're going to do so I keep quiet! What does that even mean?" Her voice rose from annoyed too irate and he cringes back from her before her words kicked in and he looked incredulous.
"Oh, you mean Kitana's shop? She is pretty good at what she does, I've watched her when she's had several customers all wanting very different things and she's so collected that she can handle about 5 different things all at once and still match outfits together. I was just heading there now; we usually have lunch together around this time... Hey Kitana!" Steve had just spotted her over their head and bough his hand up in a half wave a smile on his face. Cancelling their call, she answered him with a smile and a wave of her own. Seeing the two-red head looks back at her, she couldn't help but grin when she saw the jealous look in Peppers eyes.
"I think anything you wear will look good. Now, do you know how to get to Stark towers? That's where the party is being held, up on the roof. Or do you want me to send someone to pick you up? I'm pretty sure Tony won't mind." He seemed so eager that Kitana had to laugh. She smiled widely at him and he smiled back.
Turning to his computer screen, he located where Pepper was. Inside a new shop called 'Fallen Angels.' smiling once more, he copied the location to memory before deciding he might pay her a visit now, and see if she wouldn't like to come to his party tomorrow. Going to his room to change out of his engineering gear, he had a smile on his face, hearing Jarvis announce that Steve had left the building, just like he'd been doing for the past two weeks at this time every day. Telling Jarvis to follow his location, he decided to kill two birds with one stone.
Shaking her head slightly, she skipped over them and thought about the dinner her, Steve and Tony had at the little cafe down the road from her shop. A smile came up on her face, eyes glazed slightly as she though on it. They'd talked more over lunch, sharing nonsensical things about each other, laughing at little stories that Steve and Tony told about each other and genuinely having a good time. Before Tony turned up, she'd been thinking about pursuing a relationship with Steve, but now she's got to know Tony, she wasn't so sure anymore. She liked the both of them, but it also seemed to her that Steve and Tony kept eyeing each other up and they didn't even know it.
"Do you want to sit down? Something to drink?" Tony piped up, leading all three of them over to the sofas and chairs and letting them choose their own seats. Since she'd never had the luxury to sit on leather before, she chose the big leather sofa and sat in the middle, marvelling in the softness of the cushions.
Tony's voice sounded down the phone and due to Kitana's enhanced hearing, she could hear loud and clear what he was saying. She hid a grin as she realized Tony didn't know who she was. That grin soon turned down as she realized, somehow Tony was looking over at them. Pulling out her own phone, she used it as a reflection to see where he was. Noticing he was at the end of the street, where she'd seen Pepper and Natasha last she put her phone away. Listening into the conversation, she let a smile spread across her face.
"I do like it, especially how it looks on me, but I'm a little weary on the price." Her voice trailed off as her hands slowly followed the dress downward, a slight longing in her eyes. Kitana frowned slightly before sighing about to say something, had Pepper not piped up them.
"Well Cap, I got a text from Kitana here saying she'd just helped Pepper and Natasha find outfits for the part tomorrow. And she said to come by and check out her shop sometime and I thought,
His name is Steve Rogers and he was perfect in every way. Literally. He is a perfect gentleman, very handsome, perfect body and wasn't too dumb either. The way they'd met wasn't disimilar to the way she'd met Tony, only this time instead of dragging her off and kissing her, he apologized profusely and helped her up before picking all her bags up and offering to walk her home. He was so nice, she couldn't say no. On their way, he made small talk and she admitted that she had a large delivery for her new store that was going to be opening the next day and she didn't know how she was going to put all the mannequins up and together, fitted with clothes on, in time. Hearing this, Steve offered to help her do this and because of him being so insistent, she couldn't say no. After that day, they exchanged numbers and he would sometimes meet up on her lunch break to grab something to eat. He was nice and sweet and very good looking and she could see why the ladies would be all over him. She'd contemplated it for a split second but closed that thought down fast. She felt she'd be happy with Steve, but she needed more.  To Kitana that could either mean, she needed more than one person or someone that balanced her like two people would. With who and what she wa she didn't want o subject someone as kind as steve to that only to have it blow up later when he didn't understand her need of more than one person. She'd never had anyone she could experiment that with, so she didn't know. For all she knew, being the Master of Death, she needed 4 people to ground her at once. Of course, she'd tried asking Death but got no answer from that and Hel wasn't very forthcoming, as she herself didn't know due to there never being a real Mistress of Death before, that had been accepted anyway.
"Do you like how it fits you? Do the shoes fit comfortably?" Kitana questioned her when it looked like Natasha wasn't quite happy. Natasha nodded to her, still looking at herself in the reflection on the mirror.
"Alright, Kitana's meant to be getting ready for your Party, so why don't we go show her to the room. Natasha might already be there. That was you can get ready and we can give you the thumbs up when you come out, okay?" Tony being Tony, put both of his thumbs up at her, setting off all three of them in a laughing fit. Composing themselves, they stood up and being a gentleman, Steve took her bag for her. Tony leading the way, he took them to the lift and told Jarvis which floor to go to. All three of them were hoping for tonight for go well and end on a high note.
"Don't worry, I don't want anything from you. I don't like being bribed or bought because of something I did or saw." His face she said this was shock, covered by curiosity.
Fishing it out of her pocket, she saw that it was Steve calling her like he did every day before they went out to lunch together.
"Tony? Y... You can't mean that. You... You need me! You'll fall behind on work and you'll... You'll forget to do things!" She was grasping at straws, trying to get Tony to change his mind when he realized how much work things were at the company. He just stood there a small smirk on her face, as he watched her flounder and try and talk her way out of it.
Sending the text, she grinned to herself before placing it back in her shorts pocket. She wandered over to the counter all the while thinking
"Yes Ma'am, I'm on the same road as you... Pepper, Natasha, what are you doing here?" his voice went distant as if he'd held the phone away from his mouth but she heard him loud and clear. Frowning, she walked over to the door and stepped out, to see Steve looking slightly shocked holding his phone halfway between his ear and head and the two red heads in front of him, looking slightly comical because when in heels, there still quite a bit shorter than him. Although, the same could be said about her when she's stood next to Steve.
"Go on, say Hi to Jarvis." The grin was still there, making her look wearily at him, seeing a smug look on his face as he proudly told her he was the one who created him. "Hello miss Kitana, it's a pleasure to meet you." The voice came again and this time she was ready for it, no longer trying to find an unknown person but a computer.
"You got everything you need? I'll show you up to where the communal area for Stark Tower is and then show you to where you can get changes. Natasha will definitely be joining you, but Miss Potts may already be ready by the time we get there." She noticed how he used 'Miss Potts' Instead of 'Pepper' but didn't say anything about it, because it was not of her business.
"For your information, I got a text from Kitana, saying she'd just met the both of you and how nice you both were. She also said she'd helped you pick out outfits for the both of you and that I should come in when the men's sections up and running in a couple of weeks. I was just ringing you up to tell me what you think of the shop and of Kitana." he sounded happy enough to her ears but because it was his voice, he could tell it was fake.
"Do you know where your getting ready? Pepper and Natasha should be joining you, Tony thought It'd be a good way for you three to bond." Almost immediately, Tony's mouth opened to contradict him.
Plastering a smile on her face, she looked the red head in blue over. "I'm sorry, I never caught your name." Kitana decided she's had enough of calling her 'the business red head' and asked for a name.
"I have money, enough that I don't care which hotel I go to and it doesn't matter where it is, although I'd prefer somewhere that isn't in a bad neighbourhood." Her arms uncrossed from their position and she motioned to the alley way opening, raising her eye brow as if to say
Nodding in her direction as a hello Natasha replied back to her, a slight accent in her voice showing to people who know her that she felt comfortable around her. "It's fine, I was the one who suggested it when Tony mentioned you may be coming to the party. I don't have many girl friends to hang out with." she said this with no unhappy emotion in her voice or her posture but to the trained eye, you could see a glimmer of it in her eyes but a second later it was gone. Kitana noticed but didn't say anything while smiling over at her.
Natasha stood in the background, her dress draped cross her body elegantly, a smirk on her red lips as she watched Kitana blush from the obvious attraction from both men as well as their speechlessness.
Deciding then to take the lead, he stepped forward so he was level with Steve and agreed with everything Steve had said, without adding a sexual pun in there. He had his moment, he knew now wasn't one of those sexual reference time but a serious time.
"I take it you have everything you need to get ready with you?" Steve echoed Tony's question and she nodded over to him, placing the bag from the side of her legs to on her lap.
She choked back a sob and checked everything had come through with her. The Elder Wand was strapped to right arm, her Holly strapped to her left. The Resurrection stone was around her neck in a necklace, strapped together by a leather cord and the Cloak was tucked in her pocket. After the war, no matter how many times she tries to get rid of them, they'd all find some way back to her eventually. In the end, she gave up and accepted it. She had become the Master of Death, or Mistress as Hel liked to call her. As Mistress of death, she had some control over Death itself and can travel in-between Earth and Hel's dimension.
Down at the lobby, Kitana stepped through the doors, looking slightly wide eyes at how the inside looked compared to the outside of the building. Stark tower was different to say the least. If the building looked futuristic and technological on the outside, it compared nothing to what it looked like on the inside! Every wall was covered in glass that let you see out but nobody sees in, the chairs and tables looked like something from Alice in wonderland but more comfortable and every employee seemed to have holographic pads, phones or computers, projecting up into the air. It was so different too what Kitana had seen before that she wouldn't even know where to start if she was in there on her own. It seems Tony definitely doesn't do anything by halves.
"Alright, say you actually don't want anything from me now, I don't like the thought of you being able to call in a favour at any time at all. So how about, I give you my personal number and that way if you think of anything you need, you can call me and then we won't need to speak to each other again, alright? Although, you do seem like the kind of girl I would like to get to know, so... You never know." his trademark grin was on his face again and didn't let up this time until she nodded, but only after looking him over to see whether he was lying or trying to trick her into something.
A ding bought both of their attentions to the lift and the door opened revealing someone into the room.
Smiling to herself, and seeing the business red head step out of the dressing room, she quickly walked over to Natasha's dressing room, letting her know she's left them outside. Waiting for a quite 'thank you.' she then turned to see what the other red head was doing. The business Red head was admiring herself in the mirror when Kitana walked over there.
"Hello, I hope you don't mind that Tony decided we should get changed together." Kitana's voice was soft but strong, not showing any of the nervousness she had in her mind, hoping that she hadn't though wrong on the fact of Natasha liking her.
A poor choice of words if I do say. You looked about ready to clock me one on the face." Steve didn't know what to say to that, so he only looked towards Kitana.
Someone calling her name jolted her out of her thoughts and she saw Tony in a suit casually walking over to her, grinning, no other emotion on his face portraying he was anything but happy as he walked towards her. But, she could sense some underlying anger as well as some smugness.
It felt very different for Toni, having gotten so used to being in the '30s. She understood a bit now how Steve and Bucky felt about the future. Toni was so glad to be home, but her heart missed the late nights of doing nothing with the guys, just being a normal person for the first time in her life.
“I’m in,” Bruce said, plopping down in an empty seat at the table beside Sam, joining in on the guy’s discussion.
“Good day ma’am,” The man named Daniel spoke. “And whom might you be?” An honest smile showed on his face.
Countdown t-minus four hours till they were officially married, till Toni became Mrs. Steven Rogers.
I’ma teach this jerk a lesson on respect! Let me go, Buck!” Toni watched as that same glaze that covered Steve’s eyes when they were in that closet at the gala with Stone was the same expression he had on his face now, that same cold, empty stare.
Toni noticed Steve’s cocky smirk as he watched her check him out. The bigger man just squared his shoulders and raised his chin slightly, presenting himself for his fiancée.
This, of course, wasn't the first time a man had taken advantage of her, some men were pigs and sadly it was something she was used to experiencing. But, she had let her guard down after spending the past couple of months with Bucky and Steve. They were her friends, her family. They were good men who had always treated her with respect and as an equal not just an object as this man had.
“Very much so, but I did have a good time with the guys,” Steve told her. “It was nice to hang out with them, just us.” Steve rolled over onto his back, pulling his tiny genius onto his chest, wrapping his arms tightly around her waist.
“Yes,” Steve confirmed. “Definitely a party I wanna be at.” He told them, pulling Toni onto his lap. The genius legs straddled the bigger man’s lap, her hands resting on his firm chest as his large hands ran slowly up and down her back.
Steve stood up as Toni took her seat, and then sat back down as she did. Sarah Rogers raised a gentleman and don’t you forget it.
“Perfect for you and your girl,” the older woman said, handing Steve the flowers. Just as Steve reached into his pocket to pay for them, the older woman shook her head.
Also there is a Easter egg in this chapter that will be important to the rest of the 'Remind You' series!!
“I do, I really do,” the last of the giggles leaving his lips. “30’s me liked it too... You weren’t mine, but you kinda had my name. I promise you, doll,  I love that you picked my middle name. You could have used any other name in the world.” Toni’s face softened as she listened to the older man and sealed their lips in a soft, tender kiss.
heard it sound, and she had heard Steve’s voice in several commanding tones, but nothing matched this one.
“I’m gonna do the dishes.” He slumped his way over to the sink, grabbing people's plates on his way.
“He won’t remember I was here,” Strange muttered, bending down to look at some nicknacks that rested on Elisa’s coffee table. “Disgusting taste.” Toni rolled her eyes and closed the door behind her.
“That’ll be easy, in that dress you’ll catch the eye of every fella in Brooklyn," Bucky stated, putting his arm out of Toni to grab.
Steve flipped them onto their sides, so he could look Toni right in the eyes as he said: “Promise me.
I’m not just gonna sit here and listen to you blame yourself for something the both of us did!” Toni began walking closer to the bigger man. She wasn’t gonna be talked down to like she didn’t understand. She wasn’t gonna be treated like some mindless plaything, no. Toni Stark was a strong woman who owned up to her shit and her mistakes - she never let someone take the fall for one of her mistakes.
“I like this one.” Teenage Bucky smirked. He looked just like the pictures Steve had of him. Short brown, sculpted hair, and a cleanly defined jawline.
“Are you kidding me?” Steve looked toward his desk, then back to the starburst in Toni’s hands. “You hid them in
It was that day all of Steve’s dreams began to turn into a reality. He got to wake up every morning beside his beautiful dame, ask her for ‘help’ with his computer at work, steal the supply closet from Bucky and Clint every now and then, and still torment the others in the office together.
“Buck! He--” and then noticed Bucky was pointing to Toni. She looked uncomfortable, sad, and small the way she was standing. The way her arms were wrapped around her body, her eyes looking down at her shoes - as if she was comforting herself so she didn’t feel unsafe.
“Well, Werner. Let’s let Miss. Grant, work her magic. You and I can discuss payment.” Daniel motioned for the skinnier man to follow him over the brown, leather sofa.
“Bucky..” She mumbled against his lips and just as she began to pull away, the door opened revealing a frantic Elisa and Daniel.
“Steve, when’s the last time you hung out with the guys?” Toni asked, turning her attention back to face her future husband.
He sat patiently on the bed, back as stiff as a board, feet planted firmly to the ground as his eyes scanned the room and watched Toni’s every move as she got dressed to go to SHIELD.
Toni saw full-grown Bucky and Clint cuddling on the sofa as Sam was cuddled up on his own couch, with a bowl of cereal in his hands as he watched an episode of ‘Full House’.
Steve just never had the heart to tell her she actually was the boss, as everyone in the office went to her before even thinking about Fury or Natasha. She knew the most and had a solution for every problem.
“Yeah, I know it is. But I needed to talk to him alone..” He told her, smiling as he watched her continue to re-fold the same pair of pants, to appear busy and not at all interested in what he was saying.
They sat in comfortable silence for a couple minutes, smiles wide across their lips before Toni spoke.
“Good!” He clapped his hands in front of his chest and nodded. “I’ll see you tomorrow then, doll.” He kissed her temple once more, then made his way to his own apartment door. Toni standing there in shock at what just unfolded in front of her.
“You’ll survive,” Bucky informed him as he turned his attention back to Toni. “So, relationship rules. Would you fuck an alternate timeline, Steve?” Toni scratched the back of her neck and smiled.
“Man, a good day, just got better,” Natasha whispered, turning to Toni with a relaxed smile gracing her lips.
“Good, mutual feelings are important.” The brunette smiled and asked: “What is it you wanted to show me?”
“It is true, Steven.” She whispered, sitting up in their bed. Watching Steve’s body language grow stiff and cold. His blue eyes grew distant as he whipped around at his full name leaving the genius’s lips.
The man who beat her almost every day. The man who stole any and every project he deemed worthy - claiming her invention as his own. The man who would scream and shout, throw whiskey tumblers and slate coasters at her head if she was too loud simply walking down the hallway.
Steve held his sobbing fianceé in his arms as she grieved one of her friends. Toni had spent a lot of time with Daniel, she went to work with him almost everyday. He was the first person she met in the 30’s. He had meant a lot to her, believing in her amazing abilities right off the bat. Everyone knew that was something Toni wasn’t used to seeing with men in her life, besides Edwin and Nick of course.
He didn’t have time for feelings right now and his wedding day of all days was not the day to deal with his dead, piece of shit - father-in-law.
Not long had passed of her in Steve's comforting embrace before Bucky sweep her off her feet, pulling her safely up to his chest.
Making her way back into Steve’s room she couldn’t help but be nosy and opened the one wooden chest that sat on the floor of his bedroom. The only furniture in his room was a bed with a dark blue blanket covering the off-white sheets, a dark brown side table, and a chestnut-colored chest.
This room seemed completely normal, tones of brown and white, with emerald green accents here and there. A large brown couch sat in the middle of the room, a couple of green chairs opposite it, as a coffee table rested between them. A large green rug covering most of the brown hardwood floor. Toni wasn’t sure what it was about this man or his house. But he was one of the strangest guys she’d ever met, and that says a lot coming from Toni Stark.
Toni pulled out of Steve’s grip, much to his protests, and turned to face her father. Nothing but anger shining in her brown eyes.
“A woman? This is the Toni you spoke about over the phone? The one that fixed your radiator and radio? A woman?” Toni watched Daniel’s posture grow stiff as he listened to Werner’s words. “Ted Marshall really let a
And yeah... Steve was probably in love with her, and it seemed everyone in the office knew that except for Toni.
“I know,” he whispered. “I remember what you told me in bed, that night we slept together for the first time.”
Steve whispered, pulling Toni to his chest. Wrapping the genius up completely in his embrace, no part of her body was untouched by the bigger man as he was comforting her in a way only her soldier could.
Toni stormed back to the table. Leaving the man clutching his face in shock, on the middle of the dance floor.
“Nay, the couple must be selected by the king. Both must be close to perfect specimens and share some history,” Thor informed them. “For a short period of time, Odin did not enforce the shared history but found it was more pleasing if the pairs had a level of chemistry. That be hatred or love.”
Clint stole Toni right from Steve’s arms, using the smaller woman as a human shield, protecting him from Bucky.
“Toni?” She heard Steve ask, concern prevalent in his tone as he looked back at the genius. Toni shook her head, bringing her out of her thoughts of her handsome fiancé.
Toni whispered, her brown eyes flickering up to Steve’s, her hands placed firmly against his chest. Steve drew painfully slow, deep breaths. Cursing himself as he breathed in nothing but the smell of Toni’s perfume. The subtle smell of pears, red apple, and mandarin rushing underneath his nose - the smell that always reminded him of Toni.
“Thank God,” Steve shouted, as he swung the smaller woman around. Thankful to have the office back under control, but also having her in his arms. Steve selfishly cherished these moments.
Steve led Toni through the first couple of rooms of the museum. Looking at the drawings of architecture that was inspired by England. Following the curvature of the walls moving out of the architecture section, into the Cinema section. Looking in awe at the pictures that covered the walls of movie sets in California. Pictures of cameras, lights, and actors on the stage, along with scripts and sketches of popular movies. It was all so much for Steve to take in, and Toni enjoyed every second of the wonder in his beautiful blue eyes.
She was standing in their living room, her eyes wide in shock as she took in the most beautiful painting she’d ever seen on her walls.
Bucky and Sam were the captains, so they picked their teammates. Bucky picked Toni and Thor, while Sam had Clint and Steve. Natasha would help out when she wanted to; she didn’t care to play.
“Oh goodness. Umm...” Toni’s lips curled up in thought. “Chris Evans is really pretty and seems like a real standup guy. So, I guess Chris Evans?”
one on each side of his dame’s head. His five-foot-six, a hundred and ten-pound body felt like a six-foot-five, behemoth of a man with the way Toni surrendered to his movements. Like he was Captain, brave and commanding when he was her embrace. He felt like a man who had the world at his beck and call. He felt like he was the man he always wanted to be in her embrace.
“Toni, this is a long walk. A real long walk... Are you sure you wanna go?” Steve asked, finally giving up the fight against the stubborn brunette.
“No, no, nothing like that. Just after coming out of the ice. With this new body and all...” Steve gestured down to his muscular form. “I’ve realized that emotional connection is what it’s really about for me.” Steve watched as Toni flashed him a comforting smile, her brown eyes were soft and sweet.
“Who’s next?” The host muttered from his stool. A young man made his way up to the microphone, a wide smile on his lips.
This is pure fluff, Steve being a art nerd and a sweetheart. We love pre-serum Steve with a burning passion.
Toni turned to face the source of the drunk voice, not expecting to see Steve holding a black nerf gun in one hand and a bottle of Asgardian mead in the other.
“Okay... I’m so lost. How many languages does the team speak?”  The host asked, looking honestly confused.
At first, all they saw was a green puff of smoke and heard the sinister-sounding voice throughout the room. But then the trickster god showed his face.
“She did, didn’t she?” The older man slammed his hands onto the table. Steve watched as Maria flinched at the loud smack, curling in even more on herself, doing her best to stay out of Howards path.
“Toni, I got your parents instead. It was a total fucking failure.” Toni smiled and placed a kiss on the taller man's cheek.
“Two admissions for the MoMA please,” Toni asked, gripping Steve’s arm a bit tighter as the man looked her up and down. She felt Steve’s body tense under her grip as he noticed the older man's wandering eyes.
“Please, everyone knows you and Steve fuck. The man practically fucks you with his eyes every time he looks at you,” Natasha muttered.
Toni laughed into his chest and whispered: “I love you too, James,” she placed a kiss on the taller man's cheek.
“Tickets please.” Steve handed over the tickets, the older man ripping the stub off the bottom and slowly handing them back to Steve. Taking in Toni’s appearance with the shorter man.
She groaned, moving herself to straddle the larger man's hips as he could barely breathe from the laughter that had taken him over.
“JARVIS is never wrong, what happened?” Clint asked Toni, as she was looking at her holographic screen that came out of her arc reactor.
Steve dreamed a lot when it came to Toni Stark and yeah some of the time there were some sexual thoughts, but he blamed the serum for his ridiculously high sex drive.
“Hey! Miss. MIT, Mr. Empire State. Shut up.” Clint laughed as he looked up from his phone. “We have a wedding in t-minus three hours and twenty-two minutes. Fix the machine.”
Tonight was a movie night, but they spent most of the film with their lips locked, grossing out some of the people in the rows around them. But, frankly, Toni didn’t care and honestly was very proud that she couldn’t quite tell you what film they had actually seen.
“Yes ma’am,” Steve responded to the dame’s demand and pulled his half unbuttoned shirt off his shoulders.
With that he closed the door behind him leaving Toni to crawl beneath the sheets of Steve’s bed, mumbling: “What a fucking mess.”
“Steve. Natasha, Thor, Loki, Bucky and Sam are all looking at me.” She chuckled, watching the soldier pull her body taunt to his. Using his shield to block Toni’s ass from their eyes.
“Call me Daniel, doll. I have a feeling you and I are gonna get along great.” The older man lifted his arm out for Toni to grab.
“I’m not naked!” Toni told him, as laughter left the team's lips. Steve froze, looking Toni’s almost naked form up and down. The heat from his blue gaze had goose bumps forming on Toni’s exposed skin.
“Oh, so he’s got feelin’ for her. Hmm, so, he’s like his pa. His pa is very protective over his ma, she thinks it’s sweet, likes it lots. But Stevie always thought it was annoying.”
“Oh come on, doll.  I see you over there with those two boys, they ain’t worth squat to ya. Especially that tiny blond, he’s no good for nothing. You’re a gorgeous broad, come on,” the man said, lowering his hands down onto the top of her ass as he brought his mouth down to her ear. “Let me take ya home. I’ll fuck ya real nice, an have ya beggin’ for me.. I’ll make ya forget all about that little blond that looks at ya wishing he could fuck ya --.” That was the last straw. Toni pushed the man back with her brute force. Smiling as he stumbled away from her enhanced strength. Just as he opened his mouth to speak, she smacked him right across the face.
“I guess, I don’t know why though.”A sad sigh left Steve’s lips as he unhooked her prosthetic, laying it gently on the floor beside their bed. “But, it’s not like you’d tell me anyway!” Steve gathered Toni in his arms, and crawled into bed, keeping her pulled tight to his chest.
This is so bitter sweet, I'm sad their wedding story is ending, but I am beyond excited to share this chapter with you guys.  I hope you love it as much as I do!!
Steve pushed the bigger man towards the front door, and flashed Toni a smile, saying: “I’ll see you a bit after four. It ain’t much but please make yourself at home, Toni.”
this one you are definitely naked and totally not sweet and innocent,” Clint told the room as Toni grabbed the book from his grip. Her smile grew as she took in the drawing that sat in her hands.
Steve chuckled at that last line, knowing that Toni had saved the world all by herself countless times. Howard Stark really had no clue who his daughter was.
“Thank you,” he muttered, taking his left hand from his chest. Not moving his hand that was covered with Toni’s, but using his other to bring the glass of water to his lips.
Fury had been on her for two years now to take the desk beside Clint and become a sales rep so she could work her way up the company because everyone knew she could run the place. Hell, she practically did now. But she always told him no, she was having fun where she worked right now. She liked doing something she’d never done, she liked that for the first time in her life she wasn’t the ‘boss’.
He tried to be respectful as he could be with his dirty thoughts of one of his best friends/crush/loveofhislife? But the deeper their relationship grew, the dirtier his thoughts got.
“Makes me wish I could dance.” Steve heard the smaller blond, as he sat in his normal spot, atop the refrigerator.
Toni smiled as the redheads snuggled up together on the couch, wrapped in each other's arms. They were such a sickening sweet couple it rivaled Steve and Toni; also, just as deadly. They were the two women Toni looked up too and loved with her whole heart.
“I might just have to steal a dance with your bride, son.” The soldier rolled his eyes, a chuckle falling from his lips. “She is one beautiful dame.”
The brunette smiled, nodding her head profusely. “Steve.. I’ve loved you since I met you... I -” That was all the smaller man needed to hear as he crossed the distance between them. Capturing Toni’s lips in their first kiss.
An empty wine bottle laid forgotten about on the side table, along with two empty glasses and a half-empty container of chocolate-covered strawberries.
Steve’s hands moved sloppily down her neck, to her arms, eventually finding their way to her hands. His eyes grew wide taking in the engagement ring on her left hand.
“Toni..” Bucky said softly. “I’d do it all over again, doll... I’m gonna miss you, so much. Be good, don’t beat up too many fellas, come back and see us.” He pulled the smaller brunette into his embrace. “I love ya, ya crazy psycho.”
“You’re only here right now because I made you who you are.” Howard spit, his breath coming out ragged and weak. “You’d be some scrawny kid in Brooklyn if it wasn’t for
“I’m sorry... The people of Asgard just watch two people fuck in the middle of the palace?” Sam asked, taking a seat beside the god.
“Not really, Bucky fell off a train and I got shot.” Toni muttered from Steve’s back. Steve placed a sharp smack to Toni’s ass, invoking a laugh from the genius's lips.
Toni smiled as the door opened, revealing a sobbing Steve Rogers. Toni took a step back from his parents, expecting him to engulf his parents in a hug. Only for him to run over to Toni.
“Can I have some rice!?!” Clint shouted as he ran into the break room, a dark red hickey on his neck. Telling both Steve and Toni that he and Bucky had snuck into the Supply closet yet again.
And just as they began to pull each other out of their clothes, the lights flickered on and heard the scream of Clint.
And just as he went to land more well-deserved punches, he felt small hands on his back, pulling him away from Howard. Turning, he expected to see Bucky and Fury, but he saw Toni instead. She had her hands on his face, her lips moving as if she was speaking to him.
“Go away!” Steve laughed, reaching one hand out, chucking a pile of loose paper at the shorter blond.
Always having ‘meetings’, but Steve knew they were just three floors up, avoiding the chaos that was Toni’s absence.
Toni felt the tears fall down her cheeks as she watched the passion that grew in his chest as he defended her, even from herself.
“I’ll be right back, Toni..” Steve whispered, his blue eyes shining with a longing to hold her. His gaze lingering on the distressed brunette before he turned, leaving the apartment.
Steve looked back to Toni, noticing she was dressed in one of his white shirts and a pair of his sweatpants, that hugged her thick thighs perfectly. Well or so he thought. Steve couldn’t help the possessive feeling growing in his chest as he saw Toni dressed in his clothes. Knowing she had the option of his or Bucky’s and she chose Steve’s. Much like how she chose to grab Steve’s arm. For
“Thank you," Steve told the driver, closing the door behind him. He smiled at Toni, reaching his arm out for her to grab. “Shall we?”
“You must be James’ girl. Well, it’s nice to meet ya. My wife - Elisa had mentioned him carrying a lady home in his arms last night.” And with that Toni let the older man through the threshold and into the quaint apartment.
Just as she took a step away from Steve, she felt his firm hands take hold of her waist, pulling her body back and flush to his.
“Kiss me.” Dazed, she nodded her head, sealing their lips together as Steve started unbuttoning her shirt.
Loki's eyes slowly raked up and down Toni's body, taking in the new appearance of the genius, and cracked a smile. That
Steve and Toni had been eating their Chinese take-out in the break room, Steve had his regular Kung Pao chicken while Toni was her simple order of chicken and broccoli.
Hiding the smile on her lips, Toni looked back to the two men still standing. “What are you two going on about? Sit down and eat your dinner.”
“I’m sorry, how is giving billions of people clean water and clean energy - a waste of money? Not to mention how she’s helping millions of US veterans get into therapy. Finding them places to live and helping with their health care. How is this a waste?”
It was a little after seven as they exited the museum. Hand and hand they decided they were gonna walk around the city a bit more, both enjoying their time alone together.
“I was wrong about you, Richards. You are like Daniel. You’re a good man, you just don’t know how to show it sometimes.”
“Oh, fuck off, the only thing she probably puts out for is sex.” Howard rolled his eyes and turned his attention back to Steve. “That’s probably why you’re in here right now. Tell me Rogers, she
“What? What’s wrong? Did I rush this?” Panic wide in her brown eyes. “Steve, are you not comfortable?”
“I did it,” Toni whispered. Steve lifted her off her feet and began swinging her around, joy falling off his lips.
..” Bucky flung the bedroom door open, eyes growing wide as he took in the appearance of his two friends. Who jolted apart - shocked by his entrance. “
She knew Fury and Reed were gonna be pissed but fuck them. These were her in-laws, they deserved to know about their son.
“Yeah,” Bucky chuckled, as he sat down on the other side of Toni. “Who’s dating who, ya know personal questions like that.”
“At least it’ll be fun,” Toni smirked sliding into the cab, nodding her head to the driver as he tipped his hat in the presence of a lady. Steve slid in behind, closing the door gently.
“I do believe we have a wedding to attend,” Fury told them, fighting his smile at the reconciling family. “We can all catch up on the way to the tower.”
Steve chuckled as he and Clint held up flashlights to help Toni cut his hair. Steve didn’t know how Toni knew how to cut hair so well, or where the fuck she found clippers. But she was Toni Stark, she never failed to amaze him.
“Ya know, Toni you’ll have to start visiting us at the Baxter Building more often.” Reed muttered as he closed up a panel on the machine.
“You listen to me, and you listen good,” Steve fumed at the older man, grabbing the front of his shirt, lifting him an inch off the floor. “Toni Stark is the only good thing you gave to this world. You’re a worthless piece of shit and if I didn’t have very important plans in three hours, you’d be nothing but sludge under my boot.” He dropped Howard down to his feet, letting the older man stumble back into the wall, eyes wide in shock at the words that just left Steve’s lips.
“Why am I not surprised?” Howard spit, as his eyes ran across the ‘Rogers’ sweatshirt that covered Toni’s body. Steve watched as the blood dribbled down his chin and he spit half a tooth on the floor.
“Umm, no. I’m not quite finished with it... But, I can show you some of my other ones..” He smiled at Toni and asked. “If you’d like?”
“This should be mandatory. Not that once a week SHIELD training bullshit. Massages, once a week.” Natasha muttered. “I mean we almost save the world on a daily basis; I think we deserve this.” Natasha rested her head in the massage pillow, her red curls flowing down around the sides of the pillow.
Regretting the words as soon as they left her mouth as Toni watched Steve’s eyes grow dark. His lips claimed hers in fierce passion, as his teeth nipped at her lips. Claiming her lips in more ways than one. His herculean form dominating hers in every way he could. Steve had her arms pinned above her head, gripping them with one hand, squeezing slightly to the brink of pain. His free hand, roaming her body to claim what was his.
Rolling out of the bed, Natasha groaned: “Yes, Steve. You may have your fiancée back. You two are disgusting, I’m gonna go snuggle with my girlfriend.” Steve ran past the retreating Natasha and dove onto the bed, laying his body right over the top of Toni's.
Steve just smiled as his father draped his arm around his shoulder and led them toward the dance floor.
Bucky laughed, as his blue eyes glanced down at Toni’s head that rested peacefully on Steve’s broad shoulder. “That don’t mean shit, Clint has shown me Tumblr and Twitter fan pages. People ship ThunderIron, WinterIron, Stony, Winterhawk, IronFalcon, and WinterWidow; it’s wild the things these people come up with.”
Edwin sat wide-eyed on the couch, trying to conceal his shock, not moving his gaze from the black sketchbook that Natasha had rested in his lap.
“Home.” She muttered softly, gripping the bigger man's shirt as a secure lifeline that was calming her mind and body.
His senses have been increased massively, for the first couple of weeks Peter had to wear noise cancelling headphones because the slightest sound was painful to him, he had to wear aviator shades because his eyes were so sensitive that light was blinding, he could only bear the softest of cotton on his skin, eat the blandest of foods, and had to wear a gas mask to breath through because his sense of smell was so strong that he was so overwhelmed he was made sick after just a few seconds without the mask.
“And you, you are encouraging this behaviour.” Tony said pointing at Peter, “You are encouraging him to keep soaking me in this crap.” He ran a hand through his soaked hair and glared at the foam that came out. “This is my fate isn’t it? I am going to die in this lab being suffocated in flame retardant fired at me by my demented bott while my eldest runs about shooting webs at everything.”
“It’s okay, we’re all okay.” Tony assured him, rubbing Zach’s back, “Daddy is alright now, see sweetheart?” Sniffling Zach lifted his head and looked at Steve, his face puffy and red. Steve managed a wobbly smile.
Oddly enough it was not fear that filled him then, it was sorrow that he felt as he acknowledged this, sorrow for Steve, for Zach, for Peter, sorrow for the pain his leaving would cause them. It didn’t seem fair, they had been so happy, had so much planned. He’d had so much planned, so much he wanted to do before he died. He’d wanted to marry Steve, to see his boys grow up, maybe have another baby. He’d wanted to open his school, see future generations advance mankind. He’d wanted to go on more camping trips, family holidays, picnics. He’d wanted to argue with Steve over what to watch on TV when they were old and grey, wanted to be one of the couples who walk slowly along the piers arm in arm, still in love after decades together.
“Sharon?” Steve asked with a frown, he had recognised the woman as the Nurse who’d been living next door to him in Brooklyn, Kate.
As she approached Curien’s room she sighed and pouted shaking her head and looked back at the ward unhappily.
“If we are ready to begin.” The moderator, once introductions and some light flirting was made, “Mr Stark I believe you have a statement you would like to give before questions?”
“I somehow doubt that will be your fate sir.” Jarvis had pointed out, helpful as always, “By my estimates, it is far more likely that you will ingest some toxic substance that U, Dumm-E, or Butterfingers has mixed into your smoothies, and shall die from a fatal poisoning.”
Things got a little more ridiculous when Tony decided to have her and Clint compete and set a range of targets for them to hit. The archery butt and the Dummy were understandable and expected. The Water melon, the paint bomb, and Thor with an apple on his head, not so much.
Natasha had said that Tony was compulsive and self-destructive as well as being prone to narcissism, and if flattered and appealed to, could be easily manipulated.
Yawning loudly he followed the sound of voice and smell of cooking into the kitchen, where he found his Sons eating pancakes, bacon, eggs, and sausage that Steve was cooking, dressed in Happy’s jeans and T-Shirt, with Thor and Bruce also in Happy’s clothing, sitting at the Kitchen counter, with Happy himself pouring coffee.
Lily’s disgruntled cries grew louder and Steve secured her in his arms, “She’s hungry,” he said, recognizing the pitch she gave when she wanted feeding,
For his part Tony held his ground with remarkable strength, not flinching away despite the malice in Wanda’s expression.
Steve grit his teeth and shook his head, “How did he become this?” he asked, not really speaking to Natasha, more just speaking aloud, “The man I knew would never have done such a thing. Risking his own Son’s life, experimenting on him like that.” Steve shook his head again, “I just don’t understand.”
Tony nodded, “Well then, that is something to be proud of, you’ve done so well.” Tony couldn’t help but to dimple at him.
“I do not see why I must be clothed at all times.” Thor complained looking adorable and ridiculous in the Garfield pyjamas that Darcy had bought him as a gag gift along with fluffy bunny slippers for his feet. It was hilarious to see Thor in such attire, yet he loved it and was proud to wear such “A fine gift from a fair lady.”
Tony took the file after a moment and rose an eyebrow, “I thought I didn’t make the cut. Didn’t Agent Sociopath said I was volatile, self-involved, and didn’t play well with others?”
“You can’t sue everyone, Tony.” Natasha said as she came into the common room with Steve and Sam. The three of them had been working out in gym; or rather she’d been kicking the crap out of them in the gym and hardly breaking a sweat doing it.
The PA shifted nervously, "Well Sir... not exactly." he avoided Norman's gaze as the man glared at him.
Tony awoke with a scream, his heart pounding wildly in his chest and his body soaked with sweat. The hospital room was dark and the only sounds were coming from the monitors, the dull buzz and beeping, but Tony still saw the red dust filled nightmare, saw his dead family, their accusing corpses standing before him, condemning him.
Zach glared defiantly at him but his shouting stopped, “Good.” The man said pushing Zach back, “Now just stay like that and you might live through this.”
“But if not for me then you’d never have been taken in the first place.” Steve said, “And don’t say it’s okay because its not and I don’t want you to forgive me because of one act. I want us both to take the time we need to really work through this to really heal and become strong again, because if we don’t then we’ll fall apart again and that isn’t fair on her.” He nodded to Morgan, “She needs us to be at our best and we have to give her that.”
“How?” Steve growled, hating the idea of someone doing this to Tony, even if it had saved his life, this had been done against his will, had been effectively poisoning him, risking his life had he reacted badly, and the pain he’d likely have suffered…
“Oh fuck no.” Tony said, “Feather head is not allowed near my casts.” He said to Steve, “You have to protect the sanctity of my casts, it is Captain America’s duty to protect them and my dignity!”
Tony was seething with rage as he landed before the doors of the Oscorp factory, he didn’t care who got hurt, didn’t care if people died, he was getting his Son back and damn anyone who dared try and stop him.
“I think we’ve got something that can help with that.” Fury said a smirk curving his lips, “Something to hide our identities until it’s too late.”
That could not happen until he had investigated Oscorp, and thankfully MJ had gotten back into the systems and found a warehouse for him to infiltrate. While this would not reveal everything, it would make a start on their collecting evidence against Osborn and lead to them bringing the man down for good.
“Somehow I don’t think he will.” Tony said his tone resigned, “The bastard doesn’t care about his Son, or about anything but himself.”
“Awesome or not I want you to come down.” Tony said, “I need you to be on the ground, not hanging off walls and ceilings. Its bad for my blood pressure and heart condition.”
Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy arrived at the Tower for Christmas, and there was also the annual Stark Christmas Party which everyone attended.
Peter shrugged, “I don’t know. He and Dad have spoken about Norman and the lawsuit but they haven’t mentioned anything about human experimentation.”
“I wanna see it!” Zach yelled scrambling off his stool and rushing to the living room to see the fur ball. “Eeewww, it looks like the foam that Dumm-E sprays everywhere.”
“I think that’s enough questions for now.” One of the teachers said wading into the throng and put an arm about Zach, “I know you are all curious, but please don’t overwhelm your friend, and do not pressure him to use his powers. As he has said, he has to respect them, they are not a toy.”
“I don’t think so.” Peter looked away, unable to bear seeing anymore of these poor creatures, “I’m gonna try and collect some data.” He said heading for the nearest computer terminal. The computers were all in screen saver mode and required a password to get into the systems, Peter however was prepared, or rather MJ was prepared. She’d already got remote access to Peter’s phone and using his charging cable he hooked the phone up to the nearest HDMI and let her start working her magic.
The Consultant gave the cop a stern look, “This is hardly the time….” He began but the cop wasn’t finished,
Steve sighed heavily and eventually nodded, “So, no more snowball fights.” He said, “Small steps right?”
Steve’s only answer was a growl of approval and he pulled Tony closer still, not wanting the slightest trace of anothers scent upon his Omega.
“Hey, no, that has to stay put.” A voice said and his hand was caught and pulled away from his face. Squinting he saw Bruce standing by his side looking tired and ragged.
Peter had yet to awaken from the tranq dart and the EMT’s decided to take him to hospital and have him admitted just to be on the safe side.
“Oh my God.” Steve whispered staring down into the most prefect face he had ever seen, “Oh she’s, she… Vision she’s… I don’t know what to say.” There were tears in his eyes, tears of happiness as he looked up at Vision.
Tony got out of the suit and approached Zach who stepped back fearfully, “Don’t wanna burn you.” He said looking at his glowing hands worriedly.
“I’ll be back in a few minutes,” he said, patting Steve’s chest and offering him a completely false smile.
“Four, and he was traumatised as you would expect, it also took time for him to control his new abilities.” Steve smiled fondly, “He is a very resilient child though, he was declaring himself the Superhero Fire Cracker right away!”
Zach enthusiastically told everyone about his day at school while shovelling Bruce’s jambalaya into his mouth with almost alarming speed, he was definitely heading towards a growth spurt if his increased appetite was anything to go by.
“Cuz you like him an he likes you. Peter said so, says you flit, no flet, flip, you flip with him like Cap’n Jack Harkness does.”
“Because they want me to be Spiderman and web them up and….” Peter didn’t finish the sentence, it was too traumatizing.
They certainly didn't have Steve suddenly getting down on one knee and offering Tony a velvet box, a wide eyed and panicked look on his face as he waited for Tony's response.
With Friday taking control of the systems and exploring the internet, Jarvis set the second faze of project Ultron in motion.
“Yeah, you know Jay and I were talking about creating braces for use inside the suit so it’ll be able to walk? Well, the suit is very powerful, the limbs alone could rip me apart if too much force is used, so we figured it’d be best if I practise with the braces outside of the suit first so that we could accurately program how much thrust each limbs and joint is to use before I am inside the suit.”
As the reception drew to a close, Tony took Peter through to the living room and collapsed on the couch with him. Zach was in Malibu with Happy and Pepper. Tony hadn’t wanted him at the funeral, he was too young to understand and Tony hadn’t wanted him to start crying during the service, he’d also wanted to be able to devote his attention to Peter as this was a very difficult day for him.
“I was so focused on us making a baby that I didn’t pay enough attention to what was going on with Pete.” Tony said, “If I had been then this wouldn’t have happened.”
Red faced and spluttering, Reed attempted to defend himself and a rather juvenile exchange of insults followed that Clint and Johnny may or may not have been encouraging, while Natasha and Sue tried to stop Hulk and Thing from destroying anymore property by getting into a brawl.
Things might have gone better, the combined efforts of the Avengers and Fantastic four did see to it that the Doombots and Doom himself were dealt with swiftly and the dictator was sent packing back to Latvaria. But, Tony and Reed got into an argument which was sadly caught on camera by several civilians, and Tony happened to say that, “You and Doom should just make with the angry fucking and get it over with, that way the rest of us won’t have to suffer the fallout of your UST.”
While in the lab, Tony took the time to change out his reactor, discarding the old one which had obviously been damaged in the battle for a new one. He also managed to scrounge up some clothing for Bruce, who was quite naked when he shifted back from Hulk. The other scientist looked vaguely uncomfortable in Tony’s too tight clothing, but did agree to Shwarma, saying something about how shifting into Hulk always left him starving hungry.
Steve had never heard Jarvis sound so tense, he’d heard the AI express many emotions in his speech pattens, exasperation, fondness, irritation, amusement, resignation, and kindness. Fear was something new and Steve did not like it.
“Affirmative.” The suit blasted off the ground and shakily made their way to the jet, going inside the open hanger doors and taking up a sentury mode against the wall.
“He’s a Lawyer.” Steve said, “If anyone can advise you on what to do, and be discreet, it’ll be him. Plus, he can probably put together a defence for Bucky, so that he will be treated fairly and not just thrown in prison.”
“We know Pete.” Steve said, “Not all the bodies were destroyed when they were pulled out of the wreckage.”
“The howlies.” Steve said with a smile, “Peggy Carter. They accepted me for me, just Steve Rogers. They weren’t interested in the enhancement beyond what I could do in the field, when we were in the base they gave me as much shit as they did each-other, played pranks, cheated me at cards, just treated me as any other man.” His smile broadened, “They for me were what Ned and MJ are for you. Those two are for keeps. They aren’t the sort that are going to judge you for making mistakes, or treat you badly because you are different.”
Tony himself was injured, he has a concussion and smoke inhalation but is expected to make a full recovery.
Steve was quiet for the rest of the day, he put on show for the others but he couldn’t fool Tony who knew he was still feeling upset. Figuring the best way to help Steve was to show him that he had nothing to be ashamed of, Tony revealed something about himself to Steve as they prepared for bed that night.
On the floors above, Steve had things no better, getting a beating from the Demi-God who seemed to be trying to make off with the Sceptre too, however, when Natasha and Clint reached him the Sceptre was still by his side. Taking it to Tony’s lab, the Billionaire confirmed that it was genuine and not a fake, which of course begged the question as why Loki had taken it only to return it, also, where the hell the pain in the ass was right then.
“There’s plenty left.” Bruce said, looking a little guilty over them having taken over Tony’s kitchen.
“Think so.” Tony looked over to where Peter was swimming with Zach, keeping a small distance so Zach wouldn’t get over excited and splash him by mistake. “Well, here goes.”
He was Obie’s Omega and that meant he was off limits to everyone else, not that it stopped people flirting with him and he learned to flirt back, drowned his nerves with whiskey and put on a loud and brash show when in public, only being himself in the lab, where only Obie, Pepper, and Rhodey saw him.
Walking into the darkened room he saw Tony on the carpeted floor in the throes of an anxiety attack, and Rogers standing over him, with a trace of blood on his right hand. Tony’s blood.
The tears Peter had been holding onto began to break free as soon as he sat down and he buried his face in Pepper’s chest, shaking as she rubbed his back.
A genuine smile spread over Steve’s face at Tony’s generous offer. He didn’t have to do this and considering what had been done to his parents there was no reason he should, which he told Tony, the Billionaire shrugging off the gratitude as always and saying that it hadn’t been Bucky, well it had, his hands, but him in control, he’d just been the puppet on the string, it was Hydra to blame and helping get Bucky away from them would be one in the eye for them.
They stared at each other for several more seconds before both breaking down into laughter. When he finally got himself under control, hand over his stomach Steve breathed heavily, still grinning at Tony.
“I think we should talk to Steve about you calling him Daddy.” Tony said, running his fingers through Zach’s curls, “See how he feels about it, okay?”
“No, it might still happen for us.” Steve said, “We can still hope for the best and let nature take it’s cause.” He grinned offering a little humour, “We can at least forgo condoms during your heats.”
Natasha rose an eyebrow while Clint barked a laugh and shot a thumbs up at the nearest camera, “Nice one J, you may not have an ass but you are certainly badass.”
“Yes, you really are.” Bruce replied, accepting a pair of kitchen scissors from Natasha while Pepper ran to get towels and a bed sheet to wrap the baby in. Meanwhile Laura escorted Peter and the children out onto the balcony, Peter might have wanted to be there for his mentor but this really wasn’t something he should witness.
“We have.” Steve said, his cheeks a little flushed, “What does that have to do with anything?” His attention turned back to Tony who groaned in pain, clutching at him tightly.
"I need to get back into business!" Norman bellowed slamming his fists down onto the desk, "I'm losing a fortune with the tower being shut down, and for what? One snot nose orphaned brat getting sickly? Bah!" he swept his hand across his desk scattering files in all directions, "Harry says he's nothing but a scrawny whelp that no one will miss. What would it have mattered if he'd died." He scowled as an egg broke against the window of his office, having been thrown by the haters in the street that were gathered outside his house. "If it wasn't for Stark having taken the brat on no one would even care."
With the success of the Christmas cake under their belts the team began to bake other goodies, mice pies, sugar cookies, and yule log. The efforts ranged from inedible to possibly a criminal offence against cooking, haphazard, singed, and finally something presentable and edible.
How is everyone coping with the Virus Pandemic. It's been crazy where I am, panic buying and such, and so far Boris Johnson has done pretty much Jack Shit in regards to preparing this country or giving us real information, all we've been getting for the most part in contradictory information from the press.
“Hey now, come on!” Trevor protested, just as a couple of A.I.M’s goons showed up. As fast as their reflexes were, neither Clint or Natasha were fast enough to stop the tranq darts before they were embedded in their necks and neither was Tony. All three fell to the ground while Trevor happily drank his beer.
Bruce cursed beneath his breath and looked to Thor, “The medical cabinet to your right, it has prefilled morphine hypos, get one out and give Tony a shot to the thigh.” He instructed. He then remembered that Thor hadn’t washed his hands but before he could tell him the God did so before getting the hypo.
“Well um, its uh, its difficult to explain and you can’t tell anyone what I tell you, not even your parents.” Peter said worrying at his bottom lip, “It has to do with what happened as Oscorp.”
It had been an aesthetic appreciation, like one looking at Botticelli’s Primavera, or the sculpture of David by Donatello. You saw the finesse, the quality, but only in a remote and untouchable way. You never imagined actually reaching out and making them real.
“Think we brought enough food?” Steve asked looking at the cooler and multiple bags of food that didn’t require refrigeration. In the cooler was fresh meat for that night, some choice cuts of steak that he was looking forward to cooking up, there was also burger patties, cheese, potato salad, and coleslaw.
“Make me happy.” Steve said nodding his head a bitter smile now twisting his lips, “No matter what it takes, even if it means hurting yourself.”
“Stark, can you hear us?” Natasha shouted, she flinched when a deafening bellow erupted from across the car park and suddenly Hulk was slamming down besides them and tearing into the debris, the giant rage monster paused only once and gave another earth shaking roar which had the workers gathered by Thor and Sam swiftly moving to join in the digging.
“Wow Penis, do you always get girls to fight your battles?” Flash sneered at Peter, “Well I doubt fat ass there is any use, and your such a limp dick you can’t do shit yourself.”
Peter groaned, while he wasn’t going to school at the moment, he was doing school work at home so he wouldn’t fall behind.
The conference went on much like that for most of the day before a recess was called and they would pick up the following day.
On Christmas Eve the team gathered around the TV to watch Christmas Carol, and the Muppets Christmas Carol which had them all laughing. Before he went to bed, they helped Zach put out some mince pies and a glass of sherry for Santa, and some Carrots for the reindeer.
“No Captain, they are down in the shooting range.” Jarvis replied, he sounded tired which, for an AI should have been impossible.
“Right…” Peter remembered her sort of, she was a pretty popular girl, her heart shaped face, budding hour-glass shape, and sunny nature making her a beacon for people in school. She wasn’t one of the “It” group, but she was one of popular kids who had a large array of friends.
The two of them went out into the corridor just outside of the door so they were still within earshot of the boys.
“I will.” Zach declared happily, “And guess what? I have super powers now, I’m an Avenger, I am Fire-Cracker!” excitedly he showed Thor the fire he could produce in his hands, his grin growing even wider as Thor praised him for his new abilities.
He could recall Howard taking him into the workshop as a child, jabbing him with electrodes, sticking him with pins, making hold burning or freezing items in his hands then recording the data of Tony’s injuries and his healing. He’d been too young to understand it at the time, but now he knew it was Howard testing to see if the serum had an effect on him.
The wedding was listed as the wedding of the year, Tony was dressed in traditional Omega garb, green and white symbolizing fertility and virginity, a waisted floor length frock coat with an open collar, close fitting trousers, and slightly heeled court shoes.
“It’d just be another reason of why I am not recommended for Shield.” Tony finished and a grin, “Sure, fine, suits me. Wikileaks will love this.”
He took Zach to Monaco to watch the racing, introducing his Stellina to Elon Musk who commented on how much Zach looked like Tony already.
“Because we want to focus on spoiling you, Champ.” Steve said rescuing Tony from trying to find a way to explain the situation in terms a child would understand. “You and Peter are our priorities right now.” Steve said, taking Zach from Tony’s arms and held his weight with ease, “Maybe one day when you are older we will think about having a Pup together, but that is a long way off.” He put his forehead closer to Zach’s and spoke in a stage whisper, “I still have a lot to learn about Pups before I can make any with your Mamma, do you think you can teach me about them so I will be ready one day?”
