Cas swallows hard and nods, carefully prying the lid from the jar and giving the contents a sniff. He wrinkles his nose at the smell and Dean nods his agreement. Yes, the sticky paste stinks. Castiel takes another sniff and looks to Sam with a curious expression. “What?” He asks as he holds up the jar.
“Heya, Cas,” Dean says sleepily when Cas opens the door to his apartment. “Sorry ‘m late.” His grin is sloppy, tired, and he nearly stumbles when Cas tugs him inside.
Dean shrugs. “Well, yeah. Won’t you protect me from the wrath of a fiery redhead?” Dean’s eyes widen and his lips form a pout that Cas would love to kiss away.
He can hear soft murmurs coming from deeper in the house, but he keeps himself busy by setting the table, determined to give his mom and Cas some alone time.
His already threadbare black tee shirt is ripped at the collar and his knuckles sting from freshly abraded skin. He wipes his knife on his jeans before holding the small blade between his teeth as he carefully wiggles the brick free from the wall and pockets the money within.
Dean’s answering smile has a modicum of tension draining from the set of Cas’ shoulders. “Good,” Dean says with a pleased note coloring his tone. Dean glances to Cas as if noticing his intent to follow a step behind, and Dean frowns slightly.
“Can I kiss you?” It’s a simple question, but one that has Cas gaping like a fish. Dean steps forward but doesn’t reach out to touch. His heart hammers and his stomach twists at the sight of the latent fear in Castiel’s eyes. “I just want you, Cas. All of you.”
Dean’s heart skitters at the words of praise and he opens his mouth to protest but the words dry up when Cas runs his hand down Dean’s spine, teasing at the waist of his panties.
His fingertips drag through the cool surface, bringing him a small measure of peace, and Cas lets his eyes slide closed to better enjoy the sensation.
Cas nods and looks to his nest with an expression that Dean can’t quite read. If Dean let his imagination run wild, he might this the look clouding Cas’ features is akin to disappointment but he doesn’t trust himself to hope.
“Crowley!” Benny’s voice barks from down the hall. “This is a secured floor, you are not supposed to be here,” Benny growls as he strides toward them like a man possessed.
Just then, Cas emerges from the back and makes his way toward Dean with warily narrowed eyes and a cautious smile.
His skin prickles as Cas stares through him as if he can sense Dean isn’t telling him everything. The guilt stirring in his gut makes anger flash hot behind his eyes. He doesn’t owe Cas anything. They’re friends. That’s it.
He gives an experimental shift of his hips, drawing out ever so slightly before pushing back in. If Dean’s heady moan is any indication, he needs to do that again.
Cas huffs and shakes his head, his better sense telling him to walk away but he needs the money. He chews his lip. “Six hundred.” He throws out a ridiculous number, expecting the man to scoff and walk away. “And I don’t fuck without condoms.”
“Gadreel was fooled by Metatron, but any of us would have been,” Ezekiel says as he steps across the room and sits between Sam and Gadreel.
He can’t help his smile or the tears that threaten to well in the corners of his eyes, the sheer happiness expanding with nowhere to go. “I like her too,” he says after a few moments of silence.
about that. Castiel continues to stare with his patented soul deep gaze as if dissecting Dean’s most inner thoughts and insecurities like Dean knows he can. Cas must not entirely like what he sees hidden behind Dean’s defenses because his expression softens and he crowds closer to the hunter.
Cas’ lips twitches with a smile as he wraps an arm around Dean’s waist and pulls him closer. “Of course, Dean.” Their feet tangle together easily under the fluffy down comforter and Dean lets out a soft little sigh of contentment.
“That. That right there.” Dean jabs him in the chest. “You gotta be able to smell me, you asshole. Can you not tell that we’re… we’re…”
“You wanted to talk?” Dean asks, drawing his bottom lip between his teeth as he pushes off the door to close the distance between them.
“The environment, Dean. The bees, other insects. The water table. Take your pick. These wild plants, these
“Cas, Cas,” Dean chants, fingers tightening and twisting just on the right side of painful. “Fuck,” Dean cries out and arches, making Cas smile around the dick in his mouth.
He swallows hard as he approaches the couch, side-eyeing his phone as if it were a wild animal ready to attack instead of a hunk of glass and plastic.
“It’s a blizzard out there,” Sam grouses, not interested in standing outside in the swirling mess of white stuff that’s clinging to nearly every surface.
He tracks Dean’s movement out of the corner of his eye as the Viking crosses the clearing and enters the woods while Benny wakes Sam. Soon the entire camp is buzzing and Cas forces himself to be still as stone while he waits.
His dick twitches against his leg as he sinks down, Cas’ cock heavy on his tongue, while his eyes track the stranger as he strolls around the car.
“Easy there,” Dean chuckles as he trips toward and keeps them both upright. Cas nips and sucks at the juncture of Dean’s shoulder, delighting in the empowering freedom he feels with Dean leaning into his touch. He isn’t pleasing a client, he isn’t trying to eat or pay rent, he has nothing to worry about other than the feeling of Dean’s body against his and their mutual pleasure.
“That way.” Dean gestures. “I think.” He stands close enough that their hands brush as they walk and Cas’s stomach flutters with each gentle touch.
“Did you sleep well?” Dean forces himself to ask, turning the attention away from himself. He itches to ask how work went too, but too large a part of him is afraid to know.
Dean nurses the second beer as they finish their pizzas and wait for the bill. By the time he’s finished and they make it back to the hotel, Dean is nearly vibrating with the need to know what kind of club Cas has been teasing him with since they pulled into town. They bid farewell to Sam with the promise of meeting up for breakfast in the morning and Dean has Cas pinned against the wall as soon as their door closed behind them.
“Hello, my name is Teddy and I’ll be taking care of you tonight. Can I interest you gentleman in our wine list?” a deep voice startles Cas out of his musings. “We have an excellent local Cabernet at the moment, 2016 vintage.”
“Thank you.” Cas tightens his hold around Dean’s middle and lets out a heavy sigh when Dean starts tracing idle patterns on the bare skin of his back.
Cas shrugs. “You seemed determined to ignore me, I thought you weren’t interested, I didn’t see the point.”
Sleep evades him. Instead, he watches Dean through half-closed eyes. Castiel can’t tell if Dean notices his gaze or not, the man is engrossed in a hushed conversation with Benny, who has more or less ignored Cas since the journey began.
Cas clears his throat and flushes. “We don’t know. They were still safe when we died at least.” He shrugs and turns his attention to the tabletop and Dean can see the cloud that passes over his features with the memory.
Cas’s breath catches when he meets Dean’s wide green eyes, earnest and tender. Yes. He wants this. He has sex almost every day and yet this is the first time in years he’s felt this kind of want.
His phone starts screaming again and Cas hangs his head with a whimper while Dean picks it up off the small sofa and hands it over. “Talk to him.”
Benny is quick to comply. He drags Castiel to his feet and pulls him toward Dean before the monk can mount a protest. Castiel's gaze is pained and terrified as fat tears stream down his cheeks as he looks between them.
“Your loss,” Meg says with a shrug as she pushes up from the table. “Now, if you don’t mind, I’m going back to sleep.”
He bites his lip and nods in acknowledgment as he turns to face the balding, middle-aged man. “Hello, sir,” he mutters, immediately regretting his choice of honorific when the man puffs up to his full height with a glint in his eye that Cas would recognize anywhere.
“He was kissing another man, I thought he was straight and said as much. So, he kissed me and told me he was pansexual. I was so shocked that I just stood there like a deer caught in the headlights.” Cas shrugs and hopes his story doesn’t sound as flimsy as it feels despite the truth to it.
Alastair scrambles backward as his brother quickly pulls him to his feet. Dean snarls at Azazel in disgust as the man comes between Dean and his prey.
“Okay,” Cas forces himself to say and the man turns with a predatory gleam in his eye. Cas instinctively takes a step back which only serves to spur the man’s appetite. Cas plays his part well, he barely needs to pretend as the other man stalks toward him. He turns to run but strong arms quickly circle around his waist and Cas thrashes and tries to scream as he’s manhandled against the wall and pinned by the base of his neck.
“Then have it with Dean, by all means.” Balthazar steps ahead of Cas in line and places his order before gesturing for Cas to do the same. “My treat.”
Cas grins against the skin of Dean’s stomach, still kissing a trail across his hunter’s body. His hands skim lightly over Dean’s sides as he works his way down. He kisses a line across Dean’s hips, fitting his teeth around one of Dean’s sharp hipbones and biting down hard enough to bruise.
His phone is hard to find in the dark, still in the pocket of his discarded jeans, but with enough determination, the cheap little device is soon clutched in his hands and he squints against the light of the screen.
Meg is Meg, and Dean...well, he hasn't quite figured out how to handle her. That's okay though, she has a plan and Dean sees no reason not to play along. Not when it buys him two whole days to spend with Cas.
All this time, everything Dean has done to him and then made amends for. This was only some sort of sick game designed for Castiel to lose.
“He was trying to rescue his little friends,” Alastair sneers, following Dean’s gaze. He cracks a sickly smile and pushes away from Dean’s blade. “I was doing you a favor.”
Cas huffs when he realizes that he can’t quite remember how many days have passed since Dean destroyed Castiel’s quiet life and he wonders what his brothers who were left behind are doing. Are they mourning those taken? Have they begun rebuilding? Do they even know that he, Castiel, was stolen away too?
Cas smiles winningly and nods. “You’re in for a treat then. There is no pizza like Neapolitan Pizza.”
Cas shrugs, his earlier confidence suddenly vanishing. “Writing is… hard. I wanted to make sure I was going to get somewhere before I told anyone.” And by somewhere he means finished. Almost a decade has passed since his first book on reconciling being queer with religion, he was afraid that whatever righteous fire that had burned brightly in his soul had dimmed.
“Yes, Sir,” Dean says with a resigned nod. He takes good care of Baby, John makes sure of it. But, if someone else is going to get their hands under their hood, Dean would trust no one more than his Dad. Not even Uncle Bobby.
“Well, day one’s choices are deep throating, inflation, face sitting or masks” Cas reads the list carefully. “I…I don’t think I would like inflation” Cas blushes, looking away from both Dean and the computer.
“She was a junkie then, heroin. Anyway, one thing led to another and I ended up using,” Cas trails off ducks his gaze.
He gives the head a single kitten lick before kissing his way down Dean’s shaft. “Like this?” He questions just before wrapping his lips around the head of Dean’s cock and staring up at Dean through his lashes.
“What’s going on here?” Dean’s firm voice demands and Cas jumps, turning his widened eyes to watch his boyfriend approach.
Their expressions contain a mixture of fear, anger, and a few glare defiantly at their Viking captors.
Dean frowns, wanting to agree to what Cas is asking of him but unable to make himself say the words. All he can hear in the back of his mind is his father’s voice calling him weak for wanting this.
“I spoke with Sam before following you into the restroom. He agreed to meet us back at the car in a half hour” Cas cocks his head, staring at the way Dean’s muscles flex as he dusts himself off.
Until Dean had let his hand slip under the hem of Cas’ borrowed shirt to feel the warm skin underneath and Cas had tumbled away with wide eyes and heaving breaths.
“Dean,” Sam says, golden hazel eyes boring into Dean with a look that could melt even the most frozen heart.
“Come on, lets get you cleaned up.” He squeezes Cas’s hand as they walk toward the back door. The sun is still a long way off from brightening the sky but the night isn’t quite as dark as it was when he had woken to Castiel’s call and he sees shadows starting to form through the hazy windows of the garage as he stifles a yawn.
“Now, where are we?” Dean questions, playfully punching his brother’s shoulder before cranking Baby’s engine.
“Why?” Cas rasps, voicing the first word that comes to mind. “Why didn’t you try to find us?” Cas wants to scream at them. The hell Naomi put him through, the drugs, the shitty apartment.
Benny leads the way and Cas follows through the winding hallways. The roar of a crowd grows louder the closer they get until the wail of a guitar silences them all momentarily. Cas recognizes the opening chords of one of Dean’s most popular songs before the crowd screams and drowns out the music entirely.
Ephraim pushes Dean onto a fallen tree with a fierce scowl. “I need to do this now. Before there isn’t enough light.”
Cas is sure that Sam could give Benny a run for his money if tested. He already has the glare down to a science.
Dean shifts backward and produces a small bottle of lube, seemingly from nowhere, and quickly slicks up Castiel’s cock. Each brush of his fingers teasing over his swollen length turns Cas’s brain to helpless goo when all of his blood rushes south.
When Cas looks down at him, Dean’s heart nearly stops from the sheer need building low in his gut. His dick twitches against Cas’s ass and Cas smirks knowingly, giving his hips another tortuous roll as his smooth palms skate up Dean’s chest.
“What the hell was that?” he mutters to himself as he leans against the cool wood of his front door. His heart still pounds in his chest, the anticipation of what Cas was hinting at has yet to fade and Dean could weep out of frustration.
He’s imagined this moment so many times and always underestimated the swell of emotion he would feel in his chest to have Dean beneath him, eyes bright and pupils wide as Cas lavishes him with attention.
“But this is something private?” Cas finishes Dean’s sentence with a raised brow and his smile grows when Dean nods. Cas tugs Dean closer and brings their noses together. “Thank you.”
Dean’s mouth goes dry and he does his best not to tense under the teasing touch, a small part of him fearing that Cas will brand him right here and now. “Okay,” he manages to squeak before swallowing hard.
Cas tries not to squirm as his cheeks heat. He knows exactly what is coming but there is no way to stop a train that is already charging full steam ahead. He was just too much of a fool not to see the casual way Gabe was tying him to the tracks.
Dean swallows hard with a frown. Cas wants him to help? To trudge through his weed-infested lawn and endure the proximity of this beautiful man? He can’t. He refuses.
Cas grumbles low in his throat, too low for anyone but Dean to hear but the hunter ignores the sound. Dean's heart skips a delighted beat when Cas drags Dean into a messy kiss as soon as the server’s back is turned, the growl in his throat growing as he smashes their lips together. “You’re provoking me” Cas states darkly, staring heavily into Dean’s eyes. Dean nods dumbly, staring right back with a half-cocked grin.
But, Missouri and Dean have both taught him that he needs to take care of himself first and he’s determined to do so. He needs time. He nods and is saved from responding by Rachel returning with a fuzzy blue blanket in her arms.
Cas pinches a frown and shakes his head fondly at the other man and his concern. “How did you manage to draw the short straw and get babysitting duty today?” Not that he’d complain about Benny’s company. Not at all.
late. Even if he’s forced to show up un-caffeinated, he at least sets foot in his classroom on time.
“Yeah” Dean calms considerable, giving Castiel’s knees a gentle squeeze before running his hands up his Angel’s thighs.
Dean continues to nod. “I get it, and I think I can live with that. But, I gotta be honest, unless you’ve got some horrible dark secret behind those blue eyes of yours, I really like you. I know we barely know each other, but, and don’t ever tell Sam I’m talking about my feelings,” Dean says as he points at Cas with a dire expression, “I feel like we might have something here.”
Even as he sits, soaked through to his skin with his hair dripping into his face, he doesn’t understand why he felt the need to resist to the point where he tripped and fell into the water of his own clumsy accord.
Dean obeys with only a small groan of protest that dies when he notices the obvious bulge at the front of Castiel’s boxers and the Angel’s darkened gaze as he stares at Dean’s erect cock.
Together, they stumble toward Castiel’s bedroom and fall in a tangled heap of limbs onto the plush mattress.
Dean protests the prying touch with a growl but Sam’s voice firmly orders him to stop struggling. He grumbles something unintelligible, still reaching for Cas, but the world has gone fuzzy around the edges and he doesn’t have the strength to fight.
Dean stares for a moment, eyes wide and broom still clutched in his hands before he breaks. Loud guffaws fill the room and Cas can’t help but join in when Dean doubles over at the waist with laughter.
He makes short work of the security latch and the deadbolt, opening the door just a crack as another knock comes.
Cas huffs a laugh and shrugs. The realities of Dean’s life remind him of high school dating, sneaking around behind their parent’s backs. Not that Cas would know, but he can imagine.
His knees draw up to his chest, but the lump of his phone digs harshly against his hip and he pulls it front his pocket with a disgruntled cry. The screen lights up the darkness, a photo of Dean staring back at him when he dares to look and his heart fractures.
“Well, I can’t wait to find out,” Cas whispers, wishing he had the flexibility to bend down and kiss Dean as softly as his heart feels when those perfectly green eyes slide closed and a blissful little smile curls Dean’s lips.
He grips Cas’ shoulder and hauls him forward until their lips crash together once again. Dean pants against Cas’ mouth, nearly breathless as the harsh gravel of Cas’ voice caresses his frayed nerves. “Fuck, Cas,” Dean rasps as he rucks up Cas’ shirt and encourages him to peel it over his head and toss it away.
Dean nods along. “I’m not saying we’re gonna get there, but I’m glad we're on the same page.” His fingers wrap around Cas’ hand and squeeze lightly, making those warm flutters erupt again in Cas’ stomach.
Damn his brain for formulating words with such ease. A younger version of himself might have been offended by Dean’s question, sure that the man only asked because of what Cas does for a living. He’s certain though, that for all he doesn’t know about Dean Winchester, that Dean wouldn’t ask him such a thing derisively.
Dean pinches a smile at Cas’ pout and shakes his head. “Well, if you don’t want anything, then I guess we can just go to sleep…” he pulls his hand away and starts to scoot back as if to climb from the bed and make good on his threat.
Cas flinches a smile. “I’ll think about it.” What else can he say? He isn’t convinced by a long shot but Dean might be right. It might be worth considering. At the very least, having another book published would look good on his CV. “How about we get out of here?”
“Huh” Dean mumbles, burying his face into Cas’ side. “Why?” his voice is muffled by his proximity to Castiel’s skin but he sure as hell isn’t going to look Cas in the face for this conversation. He knows exactly what Cas is talking about. He’s considered doing the same research but something about Cas taking it upon himself to prod them in that direction has Dean immediately getting all hot under the collar and his stomach swoops with nervous excitement.
Cas releases his hold on Dean’s head and relaxes into the mattress with a breathless little laugh as Dean suckles just a little bit longer before pulling off. Cas hums as he reaches for Dean, “let me,” he says as his fingers close around Dean’s erection.
“He won’t let me out of my lease,” Cas grumbles as he tosses the last bag of his belongings, at least the ones he cares about, into the back seat. “My contract isn’t up for five more months.” He frowns and shakes his head, he could have sworn the lease he agreed to expires in January but Zachariah is now saying March.
Cas nods as he swallows hard. “I promise,” Cas says thickly. “I will be in Sam’s room with Gabriel.”
Cas goes easily and Dean climbs over him, one knee between Cas’ legs and the other hanging awkwardly into the footwell. Cas palms at Dean’s back, pulling him closer with a whimper but Dean holds back and gently nudges Cas to look at him.
Cas peels away when they reach the buffet room, he has little interest in joining the circus of the meet and greet but Dean promises him he should only be an hour until they can get out of here together. The food is still out, but Cas is saving his hunger for the dinner Dean promised him at the hotel.
“Well, Dean, I’m sorry about all this. I didn’t think Gabriel would actually do anything,” Cas says, meeting Dean’s gaze with a hesitant smile. “Although I should have known better.” His smile turns to a frown and he shakes his head sadly.
Somewhere along the way, Cas’ jeans are lost to the floor and Dean’s shirts are tossed aside without their lips parting for more than a few seconds. Cas’ hands wander over Dean’s ribs and down his trim sides, fingertips dancing over the bit of softness around his middle as he trails kisses over Dean’s jaw.
He drags them out and scrubs the rough wool the best he can before wringing the excess water out by hand.
Ezekiel turns to rest a hand on Gadreel’s shoulder as he looks around the man to meet Castiel’s gaze.
“Shhh,” Cas hushes him as he slides that single digit in and out as he twists his wrist. One finger quickly becomes two and when Cas crooks them, Dean nearly arches off the bed. “Maybe I want to play with you a bit first.”
The doorknob refuses to turn and he stares down at it, dumbfounded. He didn’t even know this door could lock! He clears his throat with a cough and lets out a sigh before lifting his hand to knock. He hears rustling from inside the room and his heart pounds in anticipation. Is Cas upset with him or was that all for show? He’s still sporting a semi front Cas’ rough treatment and he isn’t certain he can take much more anticipation without combusting.
Dean tilts his head as he listens to his brother speak words that he doesn’t understand and Cas watches Dean rather than his brother. He fights back a smile of his own as Dean narrows his eyes and tilts his head further.
Dean’s response is lost when Cas parts his lips over the head of his cock and sinks down, enveloping Dean in silky warmth that has his hands fisting the sheets as he tries to stay still.
Dean holds out a hand to urge Castiel to lay with him. Cas is beautiful in the glowing lamplight and Dean relishes the opportunity to look his fill. Shadows from the fire dance across Cas’ features and highlight the firm planes of muscle that shift under Cas’ smooth skin.
He opens his mouth to ask what Dean is doing, but his ability to form coherent thoughts is robbed from him when Dean wraps his plush lips around the head of his dick and hollows his cheeks with suction. “Dean!” Cas cries out, fisting the sheets as Dean takes more of him inside his mouth.
Something about sitting in church and being filled with the Lord’s word inspires them to become self-righteous assholes who like to make use of their services but somehow think they’re above paying for them.
“You,” Cas says, turning to stare at Sam in the back seat. He reaches his hand out bop Sam in the nose with a single finger. “You’re so tense.”
He shakes his head. “I’m just going to pretend that this didn’t happen,” he says to reassure himself as he pushes back from his table and pours himself a fresh glass of water from the sink and downs it in one go.
“Cas, I’m close,” Dean says as his body goes taut. He presses Cas’ head down as far as he allows and a shiver runs down his spine, focusing and concentrating around the base of his dick. “I’m gonna…Cas!” Dean cries out just as his cock starts to buck.
“Why not?” Meg arches a brow, her tone demanding. “Because you’re a sex worker? Huh? Is that it? You’re convinced no one could ever want you?”
The rest of the week with the Winchesters passes quickly, but Cas must still survive the cookout and meeting the rest of Dean's family.
“Uh, hello, Garth,” Castiel stammers, remembering why he chose to drive Dean’s truck in California instead of calling Garth. The man is a blinding ray of sunshine that follows you around the yard until you give up and just deal with it.
Cas forces his chin high despite his frantically beating heart and the tempest brewing in his stomach. Dean is his enemy. He cannot afford to forget.
“And your relationship to the man inside?” Mills writes down his name and then taps her pen against her lips as Cas shakes his head.
Dean nods and leans forward as he holds out his cone to Cas. They each slowly taste the other’s, eyes locked and smiles wide. Until Cas lets out a filthy moan and he closes his eyes as he pulls back.
Cas folds his arms over his chest and grips his biceps, making himself look smaller than usual and more uncertain than Dean has ever seen him. “She was sitting on my back porch. Her paw was bloody, I think whoever shot my hives hurt her too.”
Dean chuckles as he hands over his credit card and turns to smile at Cas while Sarah walks away to run his payment. “So, when’s the last time you played laser tag?”
Cas gives him no quarter, dropping his pillow in favor of returning Dean’s assault from earlier this afternoon. His fingers find the space between Dean’s ribs easily and he uses every trick he can remember from his early days of being tortured by his brother.
Cas can’t help the pleased smile that plays at the corners of his mouth as he reaches for another chunk of meat. He doesn’t quite know the words that Dean speaks, but his meaning is clear enough.
“Short straw?” Benny nudges his glasses down and stares open-mouthed. “Where on earth did you get that idea?”
Benny comes to stop only inches from Castiel and the two men glare at one another in a battle of wills. “Dean told you to stay,” Benny says bluntly, pointing to the spot next to the bedrolls.
The shipment last night was a disaster and Uriel isn’t entirely wrong. Dean needs to learn his lesson but being an omega has nothing to do with his disobedience and everything to do with Castiel himself.
“Just because you’re a jezebel doesn’t mean we all are!” Cas calls after him and shakes his head with a fond smile. Balthazar’s loose interpretations of their vows are well known and his time in Laugar has proven no different.
Cas has also come to know that Dean does not like Sam being around Ruby and that seems to be the one area where Sam will not agree with his older brother.
Dean lets out a sigh and leads Cas to the cluster of Monks. “Inias!” Dean barks and the man’s attention snaps to him, expression immediately darkening when his gaze lands on the way Dean’s hand still rests on Cas’ shoulder.
Dean’s gaze fixes on Cas’ expression and his green eyes search for a hidden answer before going soft. A gentle smile curls on his lips and he ducks his chin before once again meeting Cas’ eyes. “Please, Cas,” Dean says so softly that Cas can barely hear the doubt in Dean’s tone. “Be mine?”
Cas nods and takes another drink to buy himself a moment to think. “The night of my birthday. It gave me hope.”
Dean would very much like to lift his head and taste, suck that beautiful tongue into his mouth and ravish Cas until he’s writhing beneath him, but he won’t.
“Yes. Dean. He is.” He steps forward with a fire burning in his gaze so intensely that Dean stumbles back, lifting his hands in surrender.
Even the sun streaming in at just the right angle to strike his brow and warm his face doesn’t matter.
him for. Please don’t seek to make either one of us feel guilty for seeking mutual pleasure” Cas levels Sam with a glare and the younger Winchester swallows hard, slipping his gun back into his waistband with a look only a horrified little brother can perfect.
Benny mutters something to Sam in Norse while Cas is stewing in his thoughts and Cas startles when he feels a solid weight land on his shoulder. He turns a pinched gaze up to Sam, wordlessly waiting for the younger man to say whatever it is he’s going to say.
He’s never kissed a client, never wanted to and he still doesn’t. No kissing is one of his most important rules. Kissing brings emotions and that just gets messy. Johns forget their place and think they have a right to touch him for free.
Cas moans and drops his head back onto Dean’s shoulder but he covers Dean’s wandering hand with his own.
He’s let the man get too close. Cas doesn’t know what to do with the strange feelings swirling in his gut and he just needs to be
Cas busies himself until late and rises early for days, doing his best to avoid Dean’s weighty stare. Each time those green eyes catch his, Cas feels a slow burn in his stomach and his cheeks heat with an expectation that he wishes he could label as shame.
“Do you truly believe that Metatron understands what he’s been doing? Is it not more likely that he has been duped as I was? If not for Castiel voicing his trust for you and your brother, I would not have known I was doing wrong.” Gadreel admits. He stares at Sam as he speaks and the young Norseman nods along in understanding.
Dean huffs but turns to face Sam anyway. “I’m learning to be” He pinches a frown and shakes his head, the brief moment of discussing his feelings feels foreign and he doesn’t want to do any damage to his reputation. This ends here.
she just likes the noise, but he’s noticed the way she perks up when Rick Steves comes on. Which just so happens to be in ten minutes. “Go get yourself prettied up. Your eyes look stunning when you wear liner, I bet Dean would love that look on you.”
Dean pinches back his answering smile. “Sap.” His fingers trail down Cas’s chest before he nudges him away with a wince. “How about you show that love by cleaning me up,” he says with an arched brow and cocky tone that nearly makes Cas laugh.
I'm back! Or, at least poking my head up to breathe. I apologize for the long wait, and for the wait that is likely to come after this chapter. I was heading in the wrong direction with this chapter and I was stuck for so long, it didn't feel right. So, I finally scrapped half of what I had written and took a different route to get this thing pointed in the right direction.
“Have you ever thought about marriage?” Cas asks softly, burrowing into Dean’s good shoulder while staring ahead at the fire. The furs that once comprised Cas’ nest now provide warmth for their bed and Cas is thoroughly buried under them, much to Dean amusement.
“We can go if you want, I know you’re probably tired,” Dean says as Ellen retakes her place behind the bar.
The men around him share in salted meats and drink from skins much like the one Dean had offered him, but Dean makes no more offers of food or drink.
Cas forces himself to look at Dean and study the man’s features. He might not understand most of Dean’s words, but the man’s expression is far more open. Dean chews his lip as he watches Castiel study him and Cas sees what he thinks is genuine concern.
Castiel’s voice is barely a mutter that has Dean’s stomach souring. Cas did make his situation known, at least well enough for Dean to understand that he can’t afford frivolous expenses like this. He forces himself to nod, not trusting the answer to the question on the tip of his tongue.
Dean lifts his chin high and directs the boats onward. The north winds will guide them on their journey, and he offers a quick prayer to Aegir for safe passage on his seas.
Dean stiffens below him and his lips part as he presses his head back into the pillow. Cas takes advantage of Dean’s exposed throat and presses his teeth into the juncture of Dean’s shoulder hard enough to have Dean dig his nails into Cas’ back with a strangled cry.
Dean takes a deep breath and drums his fingers on the steering wheel. The music is turned down low enough for him to hear the soft, breathy, snores coming from the passenger seat and he smiles as he glances over to see Cas leaning against Baby’s window.
Dean nearly spits his coffee when he reads. Weight gain is immediately out. Even if they wanted to try it, they only have a day. Gaining weight in a day just isn’t feasible. Creampie is every day for them and they both know they love it. They used condoms maybe once before Cas convinced him how unnecessary they are between them. Castiel can’t catch human diseases and neither of them can get pregnant. Cas is the first person Dean has gone bare with, and he couldn’t believe what he had been missing the first time he sunk into Castiel’s tight heat. It was a revelation and Dean doesn’t think he can ever go back. Cas has ruined him for anyone else. Ever.
“She’s not just a car. I know” Cas rolls his eyes, tucking his hands into his coat pockets to wrap his fingers around the small bottle of lube he’s been carrying all day. He takes a step towards Dean, eyes burning with heat that makes Dean swallow hard. His smile grows slowly when he sees the way Dean’s pupils dilate and his jaw drop slightly, just enough for his lips to part in an open-mouthed stare. “What shall we do with our half hour? Well, twenty-five minutes now” He shrugs as if losing those five precious moments is no matter at all.
Dean nods and swallows thickly as he turns down the opposite hall toward the kitchens. He had been expected to take supper with Samuel this evening, but his duties kept him away and Dean prefers Cas’ company anyway. He only hopes he doesn’t run into his adoptive father on the way to the kitchens.
“Why would I want to do that?” Asmodeus asks and Azazel snickers as he comes to his father’s side. “I’m Jarl now, Dean. Your opinion means less than nothing.”
He swallows hard as his fingers twitch involuntarily against Dean’s and his heart aches with how far he has fallen. Somehow, the wall he had built in his mind to keep Dean’s charms at a distance is crumbling but Dean’s hand is warm around his and he’s just so tired of fighting.
Laughing can be heard over the speaker and Cas shakes his head with a soft smile. “I think it’s sweet, Lee.”
Together, they’re stronger and Cas can hardly imagine where he would be without Dean’s persistent encouragement, as frustrating as he can be at times.
Cas hums. “I’ve only ever had the all American and the cheeseburger. I think I want to try the true blue though, that sounds good.”
“What am I? Chopped liver?” Dean huffs with a wide smile and Charlie turns to him with a stern look.
It takes him a couple of tries but he eventually finds the right button through sheer luck and he presses the phone to his ear with his breath frozen in his lungs.
And so, the rest of the afternoon is passed in near silence with centuries-old books scattered between them. The closer the clock inches towards nightfall, the more anxious Dean grows.
“I deserve one small luxury, Meg,” Cas protests as he wipes his hands on his boxers out of habit. His sandwich reaches golden-brown perfection and he slides it from the pan and onto his plate before quickly turning the coiled burner off and filling a clean glass with water from the tap.
“So it looks like we’re having sushi for dinner,” Cas says, bailing Dean out of the awkward hole he’s digging himself into.
Even now, just remembering his embarrassment and awkward offer to replace Cas’s coffee, his cheeks start to heat.
“All I ask is that you don’t prove Cassie wrong,” Balthazar says as Dean pulls open the door to let them outside.
“Cas!” Dean gasps when his back connects with the rough bark of a tall pine. His hands grapple to pull Castiel closer and he itches to wrap his legs around his Angel’s waist while he presses him bodily into the tree. Cas is strong enough to hold him up while he fucks him, Dean is certain of it.
He takes a deep breath before continuing. “He was supposed to be at work, but he had gotten fired the day before. They argued when she tried to leave. She was seven months pregnant then, I’ll never forgive myself for letting her go alone.”
Cas’s eyes immediately narrow and he cinches his towel tighter against his waist. “What are you up to?” Cas stares at Meg and his nose wrinkles adorably.
. But knowing that and seeing that. Feeling that. Those are very different things. Cas didn’t just fuck him tonight. They made
Cas ducks, clinging to the blankets as Dean gives chase. He squeaks again when the bat swoops toward him and he scurries to escape the creature’s wrath, landing himself ass first onto the hard floor.
“I know Adler. Is he giving you trouble?” Mick asks, looking at Cas with a worrisome glint in his eyes.
Gabriel grunts and scrubs his hand over his face. “You are so obtuse, Castiel,” he mutters as Cas stares with narrowed eyes. “Be careful with him. If you truly hold no feelings for the man, I do not wish for him to gain the wrong idea and molest you.”
Dean grins. “I thought you’d never ask. I’ll follow you home?” He gestures to where the Impala is parked next to Cas’ modest little car.
A manic laugh bubbles up and he can’t help the way it morphs into a sob that has Missy clinging to him despite the handcuffs.
Two hours later, Dean’s stomach is growling angrily as they cross into the tiny little no-name town in northern Nebraska. The sun is still high in the sky, meaning they have plenty of time to interview townsfolk and get a feel for where they need to be when the moon comes out tonight.
This is the shortest chapter of this work so far, and I'm a year behind and totally out of order...but here's some shameless smut to make up for my lack of organization.
There is no more thinking, only the rough and sensual grind of their lips and the mess of blindly wandering hands, determined to explore every inch of each other.
Cas is a god dressed like this. He’s always gorgeous, but the sharp lines of the tuxedo, the silk lapels with the crisp white shirt underneath, and the bowtie just
“Chief, there’s a very loud man downstairs demanding to talk to Castiel. Says he's not answering the phone?” Benny’s drawl comes through the door just after his rapping knocking.
He smiles softly and switches message threads as his stomach growls angrily. He had too much coffee on an empty stomach and now he very much feels like his insides might turn themselves inside out if he doesn’t find sustenance.
The glass shatters under the rock he throws and he quickly kicks a hole large enough to crawl through as screams erupt from inside.
Cas isn’t even going to watch? Dean wonders, slightly disappointed as he tosses his shirts aside unbuttons his jeans to push them off his hips. He slips on the gown, slightly alarmed to find that it opens and closes at the front instead of the back like a normal gown. Isn’t this type for women? He wonders, vaguely remembering Lisa having complained about such things not holding her boobs in
Dean hopes, wants even, for the man from the forest to be sleeping within the shuttered and walled monastery. Dean has already decided that should he see those shocking blue eyes this morning, the man will become his. No one shall touch him, no one who wishes to live will bring the monk harm.
He whispers in the Saxon language as the old man raises his voice in disagreement. His words sound like frantic pleas tinged with anger. Dean waits, curious, as the young monk pushes to his feet once more and turns to his counterparts and raises his voice to speak.
“Good. The boy deserves to have more than just us for family. They gonna keep in touch?” John fixes Dean with an arched brow as he closes the lid on the washing machine and starts the cycle.
“I’m good, Clarence,” Meg rasps with a trouble-making grin. “I got this yummy bit of eye candy to entertain me.” She winks and Dean feels his cheeks flush as her gaze settles on the front of his pants.
Cas struggles against Dean’s hold but he’s weak from being attacked and wet tears still coat his cheeks. This close, Dean can see his blue eyes are reddened and a deep bruise is already forming high on his cheek.
His stomach swoops as he sweeps his hands down his chest to check for coffee drips, not that there would be anything to do for it now. Shirt discovered to be clean, he takes a moment to close his eyes and pull in a deep breath to settle the nerves that refuse to quiet.
He does the same, noting the swell of her ass nearly poking out from beneath her scuffed-up skirt and the ridiculous stilettos making her at least three inches taller than he knows her to be. The low-cut and sleeveless top she wears sparkles blue and green in the dim light of the streetlamps and leaves little to the imagination but is alluring nonetheless.
“We’ve known each other a really long time, but just started dating a few weeks ago.” Dean takes Cas’ hand again and holds him tight.
Dean’s fingers grip Cas, guiding him down ever so slowly. Cas’ head tilts back and Dean wishes he could reach to nip and suck at that long stretch of tanned skin, but Cas has him pinned. Finally, Cas is seated in Dean’s lap, and they both let out pleased moans as Cas swivels his hips experimentally.
A dark cloud follows Castiel as he stomps his way up the stairs. He’s earlier than usual, uncaffeinated with a rumpled hundred dollars in his pocket and an ache in his ass.
“In the sauce or underneath?” Cas asks as he dumps the spaghetti into the waiting strainer. Dean merely shrugs and claims it doesn’t matter so Cas decides to mix everything together.
He nods against the pillow and writhes. “Please, Cas, I need, I need,” He tries to say but he isn’t certain his words would make sense to anyone’s ears other than Cas.
Dean shrugs without a care in the world and stares out the window, not meeting Cas’s eyes but that does little to stop Cas from seeing his smirk in the reflection on the glass. “If there’s nothing you want to do, then maybe we’ll just watch a game on TV or something, go to sleep early.”
Dean looks at him with an arched brow before snagging Cas’ arm and reeling him back in. He doesn’t bother trying to ask what sudden cloud has formed in Cas’ mind, he simply wraps an arm around Cas’ waist and holds him close.
Cas lets out a breathy chuckle and he can’t help his smile as he shakes his head at the brazen omega nestled against him. To call Dean his would be a delight indeed.
Dean loves her already, but that doesn’t mean he appreciates Sam goading her and Cas into ganging up on him.
“Cas,” Dean says again, his voice gone breathy as his fingers nudge themselves under the hem of Cas’ sweater.
If he’s intent on pleasuring Cas too, he really shouldn’t complain, however strange this situation is. Its been so long since he’s been with someone who’s bothered with his pleasure, always intent on getting themselves off. After all, his orgasm isn’t what they’re paying for.
She goes with a derisive snort. “This is not the end, Winchester,” She says too quietly for anyone but Dean to hear.
“Cas,” Dean croaks as his back arches and he pushes his head hard into the pillow, baring his throat to Castiel’s tender kisses as he struggles for self-control.
Gabriel lets out a bitter laugh and toys with his napkin as he sheepishly meets Cas’ eyes. “The way you were talking scared me. I snapped at you, told you to quit pretending. You never mentioned Dean after that.”
The elevator door slides open on the ground floor before anything more can be said and Cas follows Dean and Benny into the lobby. He grins when Dean easily slips his hand into his, knowing they don’t need to hide their relationship anymore.
“Come,” Dean says gruffly as he jerks Cas to his feet, hands now bound tightly in front of him. Dean ignores the cut still dripping blood from the monk’s palm with an irritated huff.
Dean pushes Cas toward a tree, giving an order that Cas doesn’t understand as he stares expectantly. Cas clenches his jaw and narrows his eyes in a glare as Dean rolls his in a way that has a fresh surge of anger boiling in Cas’ gut.
Dean nods, catching on to what Cas is doing. “Our apartment is supposed to be ready in two weeks. I figure we’ll take this week to pack and then road trip out there. Think your Continental can make it?” Dean arches a suspicious brow. He’s shocked that heap made the drive from Florida.
“Good boy” Cas mutters, giving Dean’s dick a squeeze through his jeans. When did he even put his hand there?! Dean’s brain scrambles to catch up and he can only stare in wonder as Cas draws back and straightens himself as if he didn’t just give Dean a semi in the middle of a diner. In front of his brother. “My apologies Sam” Castiel nods towards Sam, who has the good sense not to comment on their little display. “Dean, eat your dinner” Castiel fixes Dean with a ‘behave or else’ look that few people can truly master.
“Oh, come on,” Dean mumbles around his food and chucks his napkin across the table, drawing full-bodied laughter from Castiel.
Even so, his attention is still drawn to the bottle on the counter, the amber liquid inside beckoning him.
“Come on, Dean, harder,” Cas urges and Dean whimpers as he tightens his grip on Cas’ dick and snaps his hips forward hard enough to knock Cas’ skull on the car window.
Balthazar’s head pops up from the side of a ship he’s fitting a plank to and his features twist in confusion when he sees Dean glaring in his direction.
Finally, Cas’s shoulders sink and he presses his brow against Dean’s shoulder with a groan. After a beat, he straightens with a firm nod and reaches for his phone. “I can do this.”
Cas tenses, not recognizing a good portion of Dean’s words but Dean shows no signs of stopping. Dean takes Castiel’s hand and tugs him forward, pulling him deeper into the chamber.
Cas’ ears flush crimson to the tips and his gaze drops. “I’m kind of smitten with him too.” The words slip past his lips before he can stop them and he bites his lip as he risks a glance at Dean.
“Good,” Gabriel says firmly as he crosses his arms over his chest. “I didn’t convince nine of our brothers to volunteer to be taken as slaves just for those heathens to hurt us.”
“I’m going to run my hands over your chest and abdomen to check for any causes for concern, then I will perform a prostate exam” Cas explains and Dean’s cock gives an interested twitch. A prostate exam should
Cas talks about his experiment with drugs, his illness, and the bills that sent him running after the university took away his scholarships. All things Dean has heard already, but that doesn’t stop his stomach from twisting into knots as Cas describes his forced stay in rehab and how Meg found him afterward.
“Fuck, Cas, so close. Touch me, touch me, please,” Dean babbles, head thrown back in pleasure as Cas brushes his prostate with every other thrust.
“Off” Castiel directs, rising to his feet and shrugging out of his coat. He watches as Dean strips and carefully folds his clothes and lays them at the edge of his desk. Dean climbs on the bed and faces the headboard perched on his hands and knees.
“His given name,” Ezekiel says. “He changed his name when he joined our brotherhood, thinking that fashioning himself after the scribe of God would be preferable to the poor man’s son he was born as.”
“Bullshit” Sam spits, glaring at his brother. “What did you do to him!?” Sam’s nostrils flare with frustrated anger. The glare he levels at Dean screams a promise so much pain that Dean might not survive if he ruins the good thing he has with Cas.
Cas spreads his knees, seeing where Dean is looking and bites at his lower lip. Dean is in charge tonight, but that doesn’t mean Castiel can’t encourage him.
Cas pulls off with a pop and meets Dean’s gaze with a lazy grin. “We certainly don’t want that, do we?”
He remembers those two weeks when they ran out of money quite differently. Yeah, sure. He fixed some things but that wasn’t all. He swallows hard and shakes his head. “Yeah. Sure. You got me.” He is not about to tell Sam what else he had to do to keep a roof over their heads.
“We couldn’t wait until tomorrow to see you, Cassie,” Gabe grins as he releases Balthazar and throws his arms around Cas.
“You weren’t kidding about never playing, were you?” Charlie asks as she sets her striker down and makes a show of dusting off her hands.
“Of course, please, feel free to think it over and call me if you have any questions.” Elijah hands the card over with a smile.
Cas cries out when he comes, overwhelmed by the myriad of physical sensations as the wax coats his chest, warming his skin, and the feeling of Dean's hand on his cock stroking him through the after-shocks of his orgasm. Dean’s hand slides easier with Castiel’s spend slicking the way and Dean drops his forehead to Castiel’s, chasing his orgasm. Cas trembles and shivers, his grace pushing against the confines of his vessel with the swell of love for his hunter. Dean.
“He cares for you, and you have come to care for him.” Gadreel observes and Cas arches a brow when he notices the lack of judgment in his tone. “I feel I may have made a dire mistake, brother.”
His heart skips a beat at the odd address and his eyes narrow in confusion. He doesn’t dare question her. She is merely trying to distract him from his duty.
“Inias,” He mutters, eyes wide as he stumbles closer to his friend and brother. He opens his arms wide and Inias readily falls into them, his arms circling to clap Cas on the back before pulling away.
He barely manages to restrain himself from touching as he watches Dean fumble with his keys, green eyes darting to him anxiously as the other man lets out a nervous chuckle. “Stop staring,” Dean grumbles even as his lips twitch upward at the corners.
“Besides, it’s not like you’re a hooker, right?” Dean says with a laugh and Cas’ heart plummets until it crashes against the pavement, fracturing into so many tiny pieces he couldn’t count them even if he wanted to.
Azazel stands at his father’s side with his arms folded over his chest looking as dour as ever. Dean keeps a close eye on them, but his attention is centered on the two women being bound to posts in the center of the square.
Cas steps back, somehow knowing that Dean has things he needs to say to Portia and Dean gives him a grateful smile.
“Check on the monk,” Dean gives the order to Benny as he snarls at Alastair. He needs a second member of their party to corroborate his story before Dean can deliver justice. He loathes the idea of Benny touching Cas, but he must allow it this once.
Suddenly, Cas leans in and turns their forced contact into a hesitant kiss, dragging his lips against Dean’s with a gentle moan that has Dean pressing forward to meet him as his eyes slide closed.
Cas thrusts in roughly, pushing Dean’s head back with the force of it, and holds himself there. Dean can feel the cock pulsing in his throat, shooting hot come straight into his stomach and the fire in his belly erupts. Grace courses through him, Dean doesn’t doubt what the delightful tingle is, and he cries around Cas’ still pulsing cock when the pressure in his own dick explodes outward and streaks of white paint his belly and the floor around them.
“Cas, uh, there's something you should know about Benny,” Dean says and he can feel the full weight of Cas’ gaze snap to him. Dean takes a deep breath to steady his nerves. Cas doesn’t need to prod him to continue, his quiet stare is motivation enough.
Cas leans forward without slowing his pace and pulls Dean into a messy kiss that is little more than a clash of teeth. “Come on, Dean,” Cas urges, each word punctuated by a sharp thrust that creates sparks of pleasure deep in Dean’s gut.
“Object insertion, cross-dressing or the lesbian practices of tribadism or scissoring” Castiel explains, still kneading Dean’s ass gently. “I’m not going to spank you, Dean. Not tonight” He informs when Dean tenses as if waiting for the next strike. “Despite your offering, I cannot, in good conscious, strike you as I would like without prior discussion”
It’s a tight fit for both of them in Dean’s tiny shower, but he doesn’t care. Cas is warm and real, touching the planes of Dean’s body reverently and pressing warm kisses to his shower slick skin.
“Please don’t be angry.” Dean’s stomach plummets as he picks up the scrap of paper from the floor. This is exactly what Meg had been afraid of and Dean should have handled this better. “Let’s just watch some TV and we'll figure everything out tomorrow.” He carefully pries the phone from Cas’s grip and sets it aside before leading Cas to the couch. “Just give it some time to sink in, okay?”
Dean climbs into the bed and pulls the covers up to his chin as he watches Cas pull on a pair of boxers.
“Cas!” Dean exclaims with a grin, leaning forward automatically to press a deep kiss to his lover’s lips. “I wasn’t expecting to see you yet” His grin refuses to fade as he rakes his eyes over the expanse of tanned flesh on display before him. Cas must have willed his clothes away or undressed before he popped in here to join Dean.
“None of your business. Now get out of here and let us do our job.” Benny nearly growls and Cas does his best not to shrink away.
Eli looks down and his eyes widen as if he had forgotten he had a camera strap draped over his neck. “I… yes. If you don’t mind?”
“Yes, Sir” Dean responds quickly, forcing himself to relax and prepare to take whatever Castiel dishes out. His cock twitches with fervent interest and anticipation.
Cas shrugs and stares at a spot on the wall behind Alfie’s head. “He disowned me on the spot. Called us both terrible names that I will never repeat. But, in the end, he left. Powerless. I haven’t spoken to him or my mother in ten years.”
“We admit to plotting what must be done to ensure good fortune for the people of Laugar. We should not be ruled by a Saxon bastard, no matter if you decree him your heir.” Ruby spits on the ground when she finishes speaking and glares at Dean.
“Hmmm, I thought you might” Cas nuzzles behind Dean’s ear before drawing away entirely, leaving Dean feeling almost naked without an Angel draped across his back. “I will print off the list and we can decide what we would like to try later”
“I can’t believe I made you go through all that alone,” Mary finally says to Dean with tears clogging her voice after he and Cas finish describing the dream of the eruption. Everyone, even John, sits teary-eyed and sniffling while Dean plasters himself to Cas’ side without a hint of concern for what his parents might think. The pain of that night is still too fresh to face without Cas’ strong presence beside him.
Cas sucks in a deep breath and closes his eyes, steeling himself for the conversation he feels like he shouldn’t have to have. “I haven’t bottomed since I was 18,” he says under his breath.
He stares down at the band and fits it up against his wrist as he continues to abuse his lower lip. His stomach is alight with jitters and a half-smile begins to form when he considers what Dean might think.
Cas’s eyes slide closed as he suppresses a sobbing whine deep in his chest. This is going to be a disaster, he already knows it. An apology is already on his lips when he turns back to Dean but he’s struck dumb by his fiancé’s gleaming smile and the playful glint in his eyes.
Then Cas pulls with Dean’s cock still clasped firmly between his teeth, not enough to cause damage but the slight pain has Dean arching off the bed with a scream; hot come spurting down Castiel’s throat without warning. Cas eases up but doesn’t let go, biting Dean steadily until his aftershocks slow and Dean's pleasured moans turn into overstimulated whimpers.
Dean tries to hide his scowl with a careless shrug. “Don’t worry about them, I’m not sure they like anyone.”
Dean nods, mind scrambling to remember the options. Not bukkake or branding. That leaves suspension and food play. “I, uh, I’m curious about suspension but I feel like that isn’t something we should rush into.”
Cas huffs and shakes his head. Not out to hurt him. Right. They’ve already hurt him and his brothers plenty by stealing them from their home. “Safe,” Cas says the single word with derision.
Dean swallows as much as he can, the remainder forcing its way past the corners of his mouth and dribbling down his chin.
Cas settles back with a huff and he looks away when Dean arches a questioning brow in his direction.
“Patience,” Cas mutters as his kisses trail to the inside of Dean’s thigh. He nips lightly, pulling a gasp from Dean before he soothes the sting with his tongue. “Condom?” Cas asks, arching a brow as he lets his warm breath puff over the head of Dean’s cock.
Watching Dean hurry hold the door with such a soft smile makes Cas sigh happily. The little crinkles next to Dean’s eyes and the way he says,
Cas hums an affirmative sign and nods against Dean’s shoulder. His cheeks are flaming hot, he feels like a teenager unable to hold his load. Coming in their pants like a couple of barely pubescent boys is wholly similar to their first awkward fumbling in their dreams.
The sight of Dean tipping over the edge has Cas following quickly. He presses his brown against Dean’s shoulder as his cock pulses in his pants and his breathing goes ragged.
Dean smiles, glad to see his monk’s feistiness returning, and hands over the small jar. “Now,” Dean says before glancing to Sam to make sure he used the right word.
Cas sighs and frowns but hands over the empty vessel for Dean to refill without complaint. He doesn’t have the fortitude to fight Dean over his willingness to treat him properly.
Dean hums thoughtfully. “What, sweetheart?” His fingers flex against Cas’ wrists and he places light kisses across Cas’ collar bone. “What do you want?”
Dean runs his hands up Castiel’s sides and settles atop the other man as he continues to move. “No” Dean growls, shifting his angle to avoid Cas’ prostate.
Dean wastes no time in reacting and his fist connects harshly with Azazel’s teeth as he readies his ax to swing. His shoulder screams in agony from the arrow still jutting from his chest, the shaft now broken and jagged.
He’s no fool, he knew that the barista was lying when she said she was out of Cas’s original order… the one that cost less than half of what Dean ended up paying for but he didn’t mind. Not when it meant having a chance to talk to Cas for even a few minutes while she made it.
Everything happened so quickly, if Cas were human like Dean thought… Dean shakes himself out that line of thinking as he traces the tiny freckle next to Cas’ nipple. He refuses to let himself go down that road and dwell on what might have been.
Dean tugs on Cas’ tie, drawing him close enough to press a firm and soothing kiss to his lips and Cas responds with a hand on Dean’s hip, drawing the hunter closer. “I want this” Dean whispers, voice barely loud enough to span the scant distance between them. He swallows hard. “but you know how good I am at talking about this stuff”
“Those accusations are as bold as they are false. My brother and my second in command both stood witness to my claim on the monk. Alastair intentionally sought to harm what was mine. I merely exercised the power given to me by your Jarl,” Dean bites, brooking no further argument.
“That’s impossible!” Sam exclaims with a furrowed brow as he comes to a stop next to his brother with his arms folded over his chest. The look on his face is incredulous and Gabe shoots him a glare.
“That is exactly what this is about. Explain yourself,” Dean says, eyes narrowed as he studies the man approaching him.
“We have one meat lovers and one veggie,” their server interrupts and both men straighten in their chairs, suddenly aware they’re in public and anyone could hear them.
“Good.” Dean cinches him closer despite the lingering stickiness. They can take a shower in a little while. For now, he’s content to feel Cas’ heart beating against his chest in a contended rhythm and revel in the way Cas’ fingers are toying with the short hairs at the back of his head. He would purr if he could, but he’s a god, not a cat, and there will be no purring today. Thank you very much.
Mick nods, glancing at Dean and Cas’s joined hands. “I see. And I suppose asking for an encore wouldn’t get me anywhere.” He gestures between them with a sad smile.
Cas quirks a smile as he watches Dean lazily strip out of his shirt and stand to unbuckle his jeans. Since their stay in New York, undressing around each other is effortless, especially at times like now when they’re simply getting ready for bed.
Cas takes another sip of the mead and reaches for a hunk of bread. He then shreds some squab from the bone and tucks it inside the bread before taking a hearty bite. He smiles at Dean around his mouthful and Dean’s heart flutters wildly.
Anyone else would find their throat badly crushed and perhaps earn themselves a punctured lung for the trouble of laughing in Castiel’s face, but Dean? Cas merely narrows his eyes in confusion and tilts his head like some sort of lovesick puppy.
He sucks in a breath through his nose and nods as his stomach clenches. “Yeah, sorry.” The tension from outside is back and Dean closes his eyes, praying to a deity he isn’t certain he believes in that he stops managing to put his foot in his mouth where Cas is concerned.
“But what can we prove, Dean? What else have you found?” Samuel’s tone carries a hard edge as if he is preemptively disappointed that Dean isn’t a sorcerer capable of pulling the truth from the void.
The glare he levels at Cas when he finally cranes his neck to look is truly impressive, enough so that Cas pinches an apologetic frown and tacks on a kindly,
“Sorry,” Dean mumbles, hoping he hasn’t accidentally ruined the good day Cas has been having but Cas hums again, this time with a note of forgiveness in his tone.
This seems like such a huge step, but then again, isn’t being willing to be put under the magnifying glass of Dean’s fans a big deal too?
Cas hurries to Sam’s room where his brother and the younger Viking wait for him. Sam is kind and understanding and for that, Castiel is grateful. He had watched Castiel carefully as he worked, skeptical but interested as Cas and Gabe carefully sealed the barrel and smoothed down the rough edges.
Dean’s grin reminds Cas of a little boy and the way his eyes light up with excitement makes it impossible for Cas to complain. “Gimme,” Dean says with grabby hands once his wallet is tucked away.
Dean suddenly swoops in and grasps Castiel by the elbow to pull him away from Gabriel with a fierce scowl aimed at his brother. Sam shrugs and motions for Gabriel to keep moving.
.” Fire still burns in his chest and his teeth grind together as Cas strokes his fingers soothingly up and down his arm.
Cas sighs and sags against Dean, melting into his arms with a soft smile before nodding his acquiescence. “Okay.”
Dean nearly growls and his vision flashes dark around the edges of his periphery even as Cas squeezes his hand tighter.
Cas nods as he sinks into the steaming bath, uncaring that Bal surely got an eyeful in the process. He’s too tired to worry and he trusts Balthazar. “Do you think he’ll be okay?”
Michael scans Dean from head to toe with a growing look of disdain. “I am well aware of who he is. Tell me, Dean, how could you choose to turn away from God by laying with a man? I know you’ve dated women in the past, you could have chosen a path of righteousness, but instead, you choose this?” Michael asks as he gestures to Castiel and then to the surrounding festivities.
Cas’s face does a few things at once, first, his brows pinch and his lips part in disbelief and then he fixes Dean with a pointed frown and glares until Dean can’t hide his smile any longer and bursts out laughing.
Halfway to the door, Cas steps up behind Dean quickly and spins him against the wall, trapping him there with a searing kiss. Dean kisses back with a questioning furrow between his brows and squawks with indignation when Cas pushes away quickly and all but sprints to the answer the door while pulling his wallet from his back pocket.
“Let's go back to bed, Dean,” Cas says softly as he stares upward with a sense of satisfaction deep in his gut.
At least this will prove to Balthazar that he isn’t entirely averse to taking risks and making a fool of himself.
“…I didn’t mean to… he had a gun and Missy was… fuck,” Cas eventually trails off as tears cloud his vision and he digs the heels of his palms against his eyes.
“Fuck,” Cas spins, covering his face with his hands as he tilts his chin toward the sky when Mick’s sedan is finally out of sight.
Finally, Cas shrugs and scans the open expanse of the garage. “This is going to take a long time to clean, isn’t it?”
“Cas,” Dean says just as his shadow falls over the sun, shading Castiel as he remains crouched by the water. Water drips from Dean’s skin and soaks into Cas’ robes, leaving nearly black spots amongst the brown that have Cas narrowing his eyes in annoyance.
Cas chuckles and continues his assault on Dean’s prostate, only pausing to add a third finger, stretching Dean just a little bit more. His thumb circles Dean’s rim as Cas continues to wiggle his fingers, slowly pumping them in and out. He gives Dean just enough movement to want to fuck down onto Cas’ hand, but not enough to get him any closer to climax.
“You are such a sap,” Dean gripes into the microphone but his cheeks flush crimson when Cas presses a noisy kiss to his cheek.
His hand slips into Cas’ as they explore room after room and Dean’s heart rate increases with each passing exhibit. More than once, Cas gives him a curious look but Dean shrugs off his concern.
Dean allows himself to be consumed, their lips grind together as Cas pulls their bodies flush. “When can we start?” Cas asks in a rush, grinding his growing erection into Dean’s hip.
Dean’s cheeks flush and his blood heats as he watches the first loops of rope go around the sub’s arms. The man’s smile never dims, not even as his eyes begin to drift into what Dean recognizes as that hazy space between here and there.
“Did you know they were going to burn everything?” Dean hisses angrily, hardened green eyes scorching with anger.
He busies himself reading the banners on the wall detailing the eruption from the weeks before until the day Herculaneum, Pompeii, and other small cities were buried. The bottom half of the large poster is a detailed account from Pliny the Elder who watched from afar on his ship and then perished looking for survivors.
“Please let me” Castiel whispers, nuzzling lightly against Dean’s throat. “There is nothing wrong with you, Dean” Cas tangles their fingers together, squeezing tightly. “Nothing wrong with this” His fingers tease around Dean’s waistband and Dean’s head drops back against the headboard with a soft thud.
“Sir, please,” Zachariah starts but a sharp glare from Castiel has him choking on his next words and taking a half step backward. “
“Cas,” Dean breathes, voice barely more than a breathy whine as he fumbles to lock the door behind him. “You were gonna call...”
Cas’ cock twitches at the sight of Dean’s reddened cheeks and the tremble in his shoulders as he holds himself up on his elbows. “You’re so good for me Dean. For everyone” Cas plasters himself to Dean’s back, grinding his clothed erection against Dean’s ass.
Cas nods his agreement. “That sounds…difficult.” He does not use the word he would prefer, but he figures Dean doesn’t want his pity.
He can’t help but smile at the smattering of applause from his students but thankfully they drop the subject and allow him to redirect their attention to the lesson at hand.
Dean is oblivious to the effect he has, filling Cas’ head with crazy notions of finding his way to a better life and leaving the last few years behind him until all Cas can see is a pair of verdant eyes staring down at him, willing him to be a better person. “You’re fucking perfect,” Dean mutters as he captures Castiel’s lips tenderly.
The monk’s blue eyes are wide and glassy as he wrings his hands and shifts under Dean’s harsh glare. “Dean, please,” Cas mutters, his breath hitching when Dean steps into his space.
Cas sucks in a tense breath but he forces himself to go as directed. The bed is soft, so soft, underneath him and he hums with pleasure as he settles into one side of the large mattress.
The season is beginning to shift, the nights have grown cooler and Dean has been forced to find heavier layers for Cas to wear to keep him from making good on his threat to begin wearing his robes once again.
Cas shrugs and busies himself by pushing his eggs around his plate. His stomach sings with nerves. Every time Mary opens her mouth, Cas feels a jolt of fear and he
He wrenches open the passenger door and drops into the seat with his head in his hands as sobs overtake him. His shoulders shake and his chest aches with the struggle to breathe. Strangled sounds escape his throat as his nose clogs and he sniffles violently against his hands.
some dumb musician. He is every bit as intelligent as he is talented and attractive.” His cheeks cannot possibly get any redder without bursting into flame but Dean’s dumbfounded expression and the crowd’s screams of agreement make the terror of being on stage worth every bit of the adrenaline drop he knows is going to come.
Dean smirks as he reaches out a finger to poke Castiel in the center of his chest. “I’m not afraid of you, boss man. You want to punish me, go ahead. I’m not gonna apologize.”
Cas shrugs as best he can while lying on his side. “I would very much enjoy tasting honey off your skin.”
Dean feels Cas approach, he doesn’t need to open his eyes to look, but he still startles when he feels Cas’ cool fingers wrap around the length of his cock. Dean moans and presses his head back into the pillow as Cas gentle strokes him to full hardness. “Cas, wha..?” Dean’s words stumble when Cas changes his motion and a sudden pressure materializes around the base of Dean’s dick.
“I love you,” Dean whispers into the space between them before dipping down to claim Cas’s lips in a searing kiss that he can feel down to his toes. Dean doesn’t do anything by halves, and his kisses are no exception.
“Move out!” Dean gives the order as he grips the edge of his boat and begins to push at the bow with several other men and women. Benny quickly joins Dean’s side and they collectively shove off the beach for the half-day journey to camp.
He nods with a soft smile to hide his confusion, not daring to try to return the gesture and she flits out the door as quickly as she appeared.
Dean explains that he finally informed Samuel of his suspicions and he ordered the arrest of Ruby and Lilith for conspiring against the Jarl and his household.
Regret flashes in Dean’s eyes and he tightens his hold on Cas’ fingers. “I didn’t want to make you even more nervous,” he says softly as he looks to the ground.
Cas huffs a smile. Somehow, Meg always has impeccable timing when he’s starting to brood. He gives himself one more once over and flashes a smile at his reflection before grabbing his boots off the floor and heading out to the living room where he plops down next to Meg.
“Alright man. We’re all set here. Sorry it took so long, I know you’re on a schedule. I’ll send Dean right in.” Charlie tucks all her papers away and drops her empty cup off at the counter on her way out the door.
Castiel narrows his glare and stands tall. Dean might have an inch of height on him, but he’s all alpha and fully capable of backing up the bluster that comes with it.
He reaches for Cas, blindly grabbing with closed eyes, and Cas chuckles as he lets Dean haul him closer.
Flashes go off the instant Dean is outside and he waves to the photographers, his megawatt smile not fading until Cas has climbed into the SUV beside him and Benny gives Garth the order to drive from the front passenger seat.
Dean throws the pick down violently and grasps Cas’ arm hard enough to make him gasp. “Why you talk to
“Dean” Sam places his palms flat on the table and fixes Dean with a stern look. “What is going on between you two. The last couple of weeks have been…weird. Should I be worried?” He arches a brow, searching for a clue in Dean’s expression.
Bobby nods with a wry smile. “Didn’t think so. Anyway, took damn near six months of her pesterin me before I’d agree to a date. Didn’t think it was worth even trying, no one could live up to Karen.”
“Don’t care,” Cas says with his nose buried in the crook of Dean’s neck. Never before has he felt so languid and complete, so at peace. All his adult life, he has sought to be closer to God, closer to divinity and now he feels that he’s wasted so much time.
Dean continues to work, breaking the locks off heavy wooden creates to check their worthless contents with muttered disgust. His father will not be pleased. These monks seem to value parchment over gold and this does not bode well for their raid.
Cas takes a deep breath as he opens the back door that leads directly into his kitchen. “Can you grab the pitcher of lemonade from the refrigerator and take it to the table outside?”
Thankfully, Dean launches into an explanation instead of clinging to the subject at hand. Cas doesn’t think he’d survive a conversation about marriage with his dignity intact right now. What was he thinking, buying that ring in the first place?
“Gods Cas,” Dean gasps when he finally pulls away. His lips are kiss swollen and red, green eyes nearly eclipsed by his wide pupils.
Dean sucks in a breath through his nose, remembering that place all too well. “Yeah, I remember. I was barely able to keep us from getting kicked out.”
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean grates as he lifts and drops once again, Cas’ hips slapping against his ass as they connect over and over again. Dean feels the pressure build and push and suddenly, his walls are clamping tight around Cas’ dick as his orgasm erupts and he throws his head back with a strangled cry.
“You can deal with this, I have work to do.” Cas waves a hand and strides toward the door without waiting for Sam’s permission.
Bobby pushes off the counter and takes a step toward Cas so he can drop his hand on Cas’ shoulder. “Family don’t end in blood, boy. Remember that.” He lifts his chin slightly to stare in Cas’ eyes with a serious glint.
With that thought, he sucks in a cleansing breath and draws his shoulders back. There is nowhere to go but forward and right now he needs to report to Samuel.
“Wh…what?” Dean turns his head to take in the way Cas is sitting up, leaning against the headboard of the bed with Dean’s computer on his lap.
Cas inches away, still watching Dean cautiously and something inside him deflates the same time Dean’s shoulders sag in defeat. Dean stands and takes step back, giving Cas some much-needed space.
“Of course! It’s just a little spill, nothing that can’t be wiped up. Let me go get some towels and I’ll take care of it right away!” She says, shooting Gabriel a wide-eyed look before flipping her attention back to Dean.
Cas sucks in a breath and timidly reaches for the knife. The handle is cool against his palm as his fingers wrap around the smooth surface. His gaze darts to Dean, seeking confirmation that he understands as he holds the knife up to take a closer look.
Dean’s small raiding party works together seamlessly to make the boats glide through the water while the young monks stare toward shore with a mixture of terror and defiance etched in their features.
“Wash!” Dean calls out as he turns to face Castiel and Cas’ cheeks heat painfully at the sight. He crouches in the stream and cups water in his hands to let spill over his nude form, scrubbing with his hands as he goes.
When he straightens his chin and meets Cas’ eyes, the monk is looking at Dean with widened eyes and parted lips. Dean’s breath catches in his throat as he stares. The moment seems to stretch for ages as they stare at one another with nothing but the flickering candlelight to illuminate their faces.
as he tastes his fill. The faint taste of sugar and coffee coats his lips and Dean chases after it, licking into Cas’ mouth with reckless abandon.
Dean sighs. Apparently, that isn’t the only problem. “They don’t look like you” Dean frowns, finally turning to meet Castiel’s gaze. “I...” He swallows hard, trying to find words that won’t make him sound like a total dick.
He pulls the package of fresh pasta out of the fridge and dumps a handful of kosher salt into the water while Dean leans against the counter to watch. “It’s nothing much, but I’d probably burn the place down if I tried to do more.” He shrugs and leans against the counter opposite of Dean, their feet nearly touching in the narrow space.
“You know the punishment for such an act. You dared to touch what is mine and you will pay the gods for your treachery,” Dean says, tone low and deadly as he holds his sword at the ready.
For the first time in months, Cas looks down at his bare body. His lower half is obscured by the water, but Cas doesn’t need to see to know that the muscles of his thighs have grown more defined. For the initial weight he lost after being taken, he’s gained muscle in spades.
Dean stalks away angrily and Sam shrugs before turning to follow his brother, leaving Castiel seemingly unattended once again. He leans back against his tree with a ragged sigh, barely fighting back tears as despair threatens to swallow him whole.
Once his hands are bound, Dean grasps Castiel by the elbow to lead him back to camp. The others follow with Alastair bound and roughly shoved through the forest. He is not a popular man and none complain about what they know is to happen.
“You want to marry him?” Bal’s eyes soften and an excited little smile slowly tilts the corners of his mouth upward as he watches Cas nod and flush crimson. “Cassie! That’s excellent!” He cheers. “And here I was, afraid you would die a spinster, all alone with no one to mourn you except little old me.” He puts a hand to his chest dramatically with a pout. “You’d make a terrible spinster, by the way. You don’t even have a cat.”
He didn’t deserve it when the man had come to John’s funeral and gave him that ultimatum. He hadn’t deserved that third, fourth, fifth? Chance after all the shit he pulled.  “He tell you that?” Dean is the perpetual fuckup. Always has been and he’s just waiting to somehow fuck it all up again.
“Inias, tell Sam what he wants to know,” Cas instructs as he reaches a hand back to lace his fingers with Inias’.
He follows blindly as Dean sits and then scoots up the bed, chasing those perfectly plush lips as his head swims.
“I’m so sorry Miss,” Dean says, lowering his voice into the recognizable bass of his public persona. “You’ll have to excuse my fiancé’s brother…”
Dean’s eyes narrow when he realizes that his uncle wields Jarl Samuel’s sword. It should belong to Sam now, not held in Asmodeus’ hands.
Sam steps up and greets Samuel with a handshake and Deanna with the shortest hug Cas has ever seen before gesturing vaguely toward Dean on the grill.
Dean grasps his belly and staggers back with an exaggerated cry of pain. “You wounded me!” Dean does his best not to laugh even as Cas has to bite his tongue and cover his mouth to keep from snorting. Dean continues with his theatrics, falling to his knees clutching his stomach as if he’s about to die as Cas cackles above him.
Bal shrugs. “You’ll wear one of them, but I know you too well to not give you choices.” His gaze holds a challenge and he folds his arms over his chest as he stares Cas down. “I really don’t understand why you hide all of this under those stuffy dress shirts.” He gestures to Cas’ bare chest and his gaze travels down Cas’ body. “You’re hot, darling, flaunt it.”
Dean’s cock leaks precome onto to the edge of the table, demanding attention despite being trapped and unreachable. Castiel chases his climax with no concern for Dean’s and only a few minutes pass before his steady pace begins to falter and his fingertips dig into Dean’s hips hard enough to bruise.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says softly as he closes the door and leans against it, interrupting a crew member who does something with the lighting, Cas can’t remember what.
Cas trips and stumbles. He nearly strikes his chin on the wooden hull of the ship, but Dean pulls him back just in time with a fierce scowl. “Dammit Cas,” Dean mutters harshly.
“Just, uh, you’ve been unanimously voted to become Jarl.” Sam picks at his fingers and gives Dean a shy smile.
Cas holds up a silencing hand and shakes his head with an amused smile. “A little weird, very unexpected but I am not going to complain,” he says with a saucy wink that his heart just can’t support.
Dean breaks out in a deep laugh that shakes his whole body and the bed beneath them. “As you wish, Sunshine.”
Dean shudders beneath him with a whimper before turning his head to press his brow against the cool wood.
Cas tilts his head and looks to Dean, watching him studiously as Dean carefully watches their hands clasped between them. “And, do feet appeal to you?” Those blue eyes strip Dean bare beyond his lack of clothing and Dean has no choice but to give in.
Dean squirms in his seat at the sight. The sub on stage is clearly excited by the proceedings and he shimmies his ass in invitation. The crop comes down with a loud crack on the man’s stark white ass and Dean jumps with him. Dean palms his stiffening cock, imagining what it might be like to be bound and helpless with Cas spanking him until his ass felt like it was on fire. His stomach clenches at the idea, tension coiling low in his belly as Cas leans to whisper in his ear.
The boats slowly fill with people although several remain standing in the ankle-deep water and grip the outer edges of the hull. Cas watches with mounting trepidation and his stomach lurches when Dean shouts and the men push the boats deeper into the water. One by one, they leap over the side and land in the boat but they all give Castiel a wide berth.
Dean smiles widely. “Coming right up, give me your plate,” Dean says as he grabs for Cas’ plate and reaches for the serving spoon in the eggs.
Dean is with a gun. Cas is simply excited when he manages to hit the target at the end of the lane he and Dean share.
Gadreel tilts his head as he regards Cas and Ezekiel huffs and shakes his head. “Dean treats you well, that much is clear. But unlike you, I have nothing to offer him for his favor. Do you truly believe Dean would listen to me?” Ezekiel’s choice of words cut through Cas and leave him narrowed eyes.
A few weeks ago, he was resigned to selling himself for the foreseeable future. Now, with Meg’s pestering and Dean’s earnest offer of help, the thought of spending every night standing in that alley eats away just a little bit more of his soul. He’d much rather work his fingers to the bone during the day and be able to crawl into bed next to Dean at night.
Dean barks a laugh and grins widely. “Oh yeah. I’d always kick Sammy’s ass. I’m undefeated, you know.” He bumps their shoulders together just as Sarah returns to take their orders.
Marv snorts and shakes his head. “Save it, Gabriel.” His beady gaze flits to Cas and his sickening smile grows. “I see you’ve brought Dean’s little lapdog to defend you?” He arches a brow at Gabe and shakes his head sadly.
Dean must notice because he puffs his cheeks when he blows out and rubs the back of his neck anxiously. “But ain’t like that anymore. That time in the elevator? When it was so damn hot? I got a whiff of
“What?” Dean asks again, smile widening as his eyes glint with mirth. “It’s important you know what you’re getting into.”
“Shit. Cas, I’m sorry” Dean tangles his fingers in his hair and tugs, hard. Watching the disappointed dejection settle over Castiel’s features and seeing the Angel flinch when Dean drops onto the bed next to him feels like a knife to his heart. He drops his head onto Castiel’s shoulder. “I’m an ass”
Dean smiles and returns her greeting before turning to his grandfather. “I’d like for you both to meet Cas. My boyfriend.” Dean’s grip tightens on Cas’ hand as the words leave his mouth.
Dean swallows hard around the sudden lump in his throat. It wasn’t supposed to be a date and instead of talking to Cas like a grown-ass adult, he had to go and ruin everything.
Dean grins. “And you want a little time with her to yourself, don’t you?” He asked with a waggle of his brows.
“Your loss,” Meg quips as she flips through the handful of channels they get until she lands on the right one to watch their favorite travel guide explore Europe one city at a time.
The leftovers get haphazardly shoved into the refrigerator before Dean is taking Cas’ hand again and tugging him toward the bedroom. Any thoughts of a shower are lost in a searing kiss as Cas backs Dean toward the oversized bed and pushes him onto it.
Dean clutches as tightly to Cas as his injured body allows and he buries his nose in the crook of the monk’s shoulder. “I’m so sorry, Cas.” Dean chokes on the words. He can taste blood in the back of his throat and steady hands begin to pry him away from Cas.
“Leave it. We need to get farther away.” Dean bats the monk’s hand away from the broken arrow still lodged in his shoulder.
When the trees begin to thin, he silently signals for Benny his men he to go ahead and begin phase two of their plan. Dean only hopes that they’re enough.
“You, you kissed my hand,” Cas doesn’t mean to say it, but the words fall out his mouth before he can stop them.
“Start what?” Sam’s groggy voice comes from the open doorway as he shuffles into the kitchen. “Oh no, Cas” He shakes his head as he whines the words. “Were you trying to cook again?” Sam scratches his scalp, puzzled as to
Dean sucks in a breath and hopes he isn’t wrong. His fingers drift lower, skating across the front of Cas’ shirt and sneaking under the hem to feel the warm skin of Cas’ stomach. Cas lets out a gasp when Dean presses his hand flat to Cas’ stomach. His fingers creep lower, drifting below the waist of the loose pants Cas wears before stroking over his hip smoothly, offering the chance to either push forward or pull away.
Dean flexes his hips and draws attention to his growing erection before claiming Castiel’s lips in a searing kiss that could last an eternity and neither of them would mind.
Cas sucks in a breath and hurriedly grabs the pad of hotel paper from the table by the window and snags a pen from his bag to hand to Dean.
Samandriel looks to Cas with a gentle gaze. “I may not be useful in the fight to come, but I am not abandoning my brothers.”
Balthazar rolls his eyes but claps Cas on the shoulder with a friendly smile. “Live a little, darling. I’m sure there’s something kinky underneath this holy tax accountant look of yours.”
Cas nods his agreement. He shed all his tears for himself long ago, but that doesn’t stop dry prickling from growing behind his eyes. “That’s when Meg found me. She wanted to get clean and suggested we run away together like Romeo and Juliet. I didn’t have the heart to tell her they both died in the end.”
Cas nods and Dean sucks in a cleansing breath before answering. “In 79. Cas’ father died, we had to go back to Herculaneum and then the eruption.” Dean trails off and shrugs when his voice threatens to crack.
Benny’s head bobs and a small smile forms on his lips as he folds his hands in front of him. “Well, I’m happy for ya.”
“I don’t need…” Castiel resists, craning his neck to look at Dean even as he’s guided out of the kitchen with a gentle hand at the small of his back. Dean’s presence is warm behind him and Cas can’t help the way his heart hiccups happily when he’s pulled back against Dean’s chest and held close.
“I’m sorry about yesterday, I never… I’ve never lashed out like that before,” Cas says softly, barely turning his head to meet Dean’s gaze.
Gabriel shakes his head with disbelief. “Dean. He wants you.” Gabe waggles his brows and Cas’ stomach plummets.
He would be willing to bet that Lilith is the mastermind between the two, following Asmodeus’ orders most likely.
“Gonna make me work for it, aren’t ya,” Dean says with a grin as he reaches for Cas’ hand and tugs him closer. “We’re not gonna be able to touch like this out there, not unless you want to join the circus. I want another kiss to tide me over.”
“But...” Cas tries to protest but Bal gives him an unimpressed look as he steps back to survey the damage. Cas sighs and shakes his head as he forces his attention back to the shirts at hand. “That one.” He points to an unevenly faded green tee that looks to be slightly larger than the rest of the shirts he’s being permitted to choose from.
Cas pauses, letting Dean’s panting breaths settle before continuing. “You’re amazing, Dean” Cas’ own cock is straining for attention, watching the gleaming silver disappear bit by bit into Dean’s cock. “That’s all of it” Castiel breaths, shocked that Dean was able to take the entire piece. “How does it feel?”
Eventually, Dean breaks their staring and mimes the action of undoing his pants and…urinating? Is that what he wants Cas to do? Cas frowns harder and looks down his front, considering Dean’s actions and bemoaning that he has to pee.
“We’re here, boss,” Garth’s cheerful tone from the front draws their attention and Cas is slipping from the car before Benny has a chance to open the door for him.
What Castiel is surprised by is how readily Dean came to his defense. He hadn’t even realized that Dean was nearby, watching, and Castiel hates that he couldn’t defend himself against the slave woman.
They walk back to the hotel, Benny trailing behind them at a respectable distance. The ride in the elevator is passed in silence, their hands held at their sides but not touching, furtive sideways glances speak louder than words could anyway.
Benny shrugs. “I can hope. But you know me, a little girl’ll just have me wrapped around her little finger too. She’d be a fighter, just like her mother.”
Cas lets out a heavy sigh and flops next to her. He has no idea how to accomplish what she’s asking. Every job he’s looked at asks for a social security number at the bare minimum. He has one.
“I know, bitch” Dean half laughs, tipping the last of the chicken into a plastic container to save for a midnight snack. “Now this place better be spotless” He points dramatically towards Sam. “I have a date to get ready for” He smooths his hair down for effect, but the light brown locks refuse to settle and shrugs, not really caring. A shower will take care of that.
Benny will oversee gathering the monks for them to select from. The Britons are soft by nature and if Dean must steal some of them away, he will choose those most likely to survive the trials of the north.
Cas huffs and shakes his head at that. “What more can he do to me,” he says, not asking. Dean has taken everything from him. His home, his brothers. He has nothing left to lose.
“Oh.” Cas swallows hard, feeling so unlike himself that can do nothing but stare into Dean’s bottomless green eyes. He licks his lips, stomach fluttering nervously as he waits powerlessly to see what Dean does next.
They managed to fuck their way through breakfast and lunch, and Dean has become accustomed to eating regularly. So what if he doesn’t
He drums his fingers on his thigh, remembering all the hopes and dreams he once had for his life before he was thrown out of his parent’s house at fifteen. With a little help from Gabe, he did alright at first, managing to finish high school while lying about his age to get a job.
Dean leaves him alone for the rest of the day and Cas is grateful for the respite. Looking at the man fills him with barely concealable rage and Castiel isn’t certain how much more he can take before he loses control of his actions.
Dean takes a step back and Cas can feel his resolve crumbling, his bold insolence giving way to desperation. He didn’t join Castiel’s little corner of the mob because he had dozens of options laying at his feet.
“He knowingly broke the laws that we all abide and that I laid out very clearly at the beginning of our journey. The laws each man and woman swore to follow under the penalty of death,” Dean says as he continues walking. If this confrontation takes a turn for the worst, Dean would prefer to be in plain sight of their village.
“She’s been busting my balls to call you since Bobby said you were getting sober, but I was afraid you wouldn’t want to see me. After everything I said…” Sam trails off, shaking his head and Dean takes a deep breath before huffing a bitter laugh.
“That’s a shame,” Dean says as he glances over his shoulder to make sure Benny is still there. “Dad wasn’t around much, but the zoo is one thing Sammy and me always did. Before I started getting money hustling pool, we’d sneak in behind families, I’m pretty sure people noticed but never said anything. I was so damn proud when I could finally march up to the ticket window and
Gabriel had only told him about that much, much, later… when they were celebrating Castiel earning his acceptance to his choice of graduate school and under the influence of copious amounts of alcohol.
“See you tomorrow, Dean,” Cas forces himself to say for fear of falling into Dean’s embrace and inviting him back to his apartment tonight.
Benny seems oblivious to the way Cas tenses, his attention is too focused on the change machine to load a card to play arcade games.
“Meg!” Cas screams, struggling against Dean’s hold when he catches a glimpse of another needle still hanging from her pale arm. “Let me go!” He thrashes and shouts but Dean’s arms may as well be iron bands as he’s pulled from the room. “No!” He shouts over and over again until the burnt popcorn asshole comes pounding on the door, yelling at him to shut up.
Another massive understatement. Too bad Dean spent the last several years fucking up every good thing Bobby had ever done for him.
Cas fucks Dean steadily through his orgasm before flipping him over and drawing his ass up. Dean is all but folded in half, face smushed against the pillow with his knees underneath him and his ass presented to Castiel in offering. He’s too fucked out to move, he may as well be made of clay for Cas to shape as he wants.
“No.” Cas shakes his head. “It’s not, I’m sorry, Sam.” Cas’ shoulders deflate and he turns himself away to drop into one of the wooden chairs at Sam’s small table.
Cas chuckles once more and Dean hears the snick of the lube cap once again. Dean shifts his hips in anticipation but startles when the touch to his ass is most definitely
Dean hums contentedly as Cas tucks him back into the skimpy lace and presses a kiss to his hip before stepping back just enough to leave a cold spot at Dean’s back.
Almost as if Dean reads his mind, he’s pulling back with a soft smile. “You ready to get out of here?” Gone is the exuberant energy from earlier and in its place there is a heat to Dean’s gaze that Cas thinks he could easily get used to.
Dean works on pushing every single one of Castiel’s buttons during their meal. A lick of his lip here, a bat of his lashes there…all those little things that instigate a glare that sends shivers up Dean’s spine. If they don’t get to fulfill the kinktober prompt tonight, Dean is going to take whatever he can get. Right now, teasing Cas seems like a pretty good idea.
Afterward, Dean takes him to In-n-Out and they eat until Cas feels like he’s going to puke. Then they order milkshakes.
Gabe holds up a placating hand. “I know, I know that. You’ve always been too proud, Cassie. I didn’t think that would have changed.”
“Cas,” Sam crouches in front of Castiel and reaches out to touch his shoulder. “Cas, look at me,” Sam speaks in Castiel’s language and Cas meets the man’s hazel eyes. “Take a deep breath, come on. In slow. Breathe with me,” Sam instructs as he exaggerates his breathing.
threatening to tumble from his lips and mutters a simple thank you instead. He isn’t okay. He won’t be for a long time and no one in their right mind would believe he was.
“You’re an idiot Cas” Dean draws back and slams forward, drawing a harsh grunt from Castiel as he scrabbles to hold his knees to the side. “Trying to handle that demon alone when I was right there!” Dean growls, bending over Castiel to nip and pinch at the skin on his chest. His lips find their way to the dried streak of blood covering that precious freckle and the taste of copper follows him now. “You don’t get to put yourself in danger like that!” Dean slams into Cas repeatedly, drawing punched out moans and grunts from them both.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean gasps and clenches his eyes as he throws his head back into the pillow. Cas has to stretch forward and capture Dean’s parted lips to keep himself from slamming forward before Dean is ready.
Cas smiles softly at the needy look that crosses Dean’s features. “Dean.” Cas shakes his head. “I don’t think I’ll ever be able to deny you anything again.” He presses their lips together and guides Dean onto the bed.
“No” Castiel swats Dean’s ass lightly. “Hold still” Dean shivers when that rough voice growls in his ear, waiting to see what Cas wants to do with him. “Good boy” Castiel praises when Dean manages to settle. He will never tire of this man, the power they hold over one another.
that you’re an omega and you know it.” Cas tightens his grip before shoving Dean into the wall and backing away with a huff. “You are as competent and intelligent as any Alpha in my employ.” Cas will say it as many times as he must for Dean to believe him. “What I do
“I couldn’t hold still. I disobeyed you” Dean disagrees, trying to look down but Cas’ grip holds him in place.
Dean’s eyes slide closed as he breathes in slowly. The air here is different than home, heavier somehow. He silently blames the pollution, but it might just be the ocean. Who knows?
Sam grins. Some things never change and Dean’s allergy to talking about feeling is as strong as ever and his cheeks heat as Sam’s grin softens. The brat knows exactly how difficult that admission was and he’s going to gloat about it, Dean just knows it. “You got me, Dean. I’m not leaving you again.”
Dean takes the last sip of his drink and gathers their cups to return to the counter. “Can I get your phone number? To set up our date, I, uh, it would be easier than the app. Feel more legit, you know?”
The woman claps his shoulder with a smile and steps aside, gesturing for Castiel to take her place at the register and Dean grins at the sight.
“Gross, Dean. I thought you were going to introduce me to your boyfriend?” Sam’s brows arch and Cas’ stomach flops wildly.
Dean quickly learns about Jess, complete with photographs from Sam’s phone and a shy smile when Sam explains that he’s thinking about asking her to marry him. Dean nearly chokes on his pizza when Sam mentions how much he’s managed to save for a ring. It’s impressive considering the kid works part-time at the campus bookstore.
He is convinced that God stopped listening to him when he failed in his duty to report seeing Dean in the forest before the raid that destroyed everything he’s ever known.
“Cas,” Dean says, tugging him back to encourage Cas to face him. “This isn’t about her. She was your mom. She loved you. If
Cas sucks in a breath and tries not to scowl at Dean’s atrocious manners but he decides to trust that Dean is earnest in his offer. He slowly picks up the smallest piece of meat he can see while watching carefully for a sign of reprimand as he lifts the hunk of boar to his lips.
The panic in Cas’ tone is clear and Dean already knows he’ll do anything he can to help. “When? I didn’t hear anything.” He shakes his head, searching his memories for anything out of place.
The breath catches in Castiel’s lungs, understanding finally beginning to dawn. Dean’s anger wasn’t brought about by him being insulted by Castiel’s actions, but by fear of losing him. “I’m an idiot” Cas mutters and drags Dean closer.
Dean lets out a grunt of protest when Cas pulls back. “Please, Cas. Can we just… I want to feel you.” Dean's gaze is uncertain and Cas feels a pang of guilt for holding them back for this long.
Castiel struggles against Dean’s hold, nearly growling with the effort that only gets him pressed against Dean’s firm chest and held tighter.
Ruby and Lilith’s clothes are rumbled and their faces smudged with dirt after their week of interrogation and imprisonment but they hold themselves proudly.
The next page holds two photos of tiny babies wearing nothing but diapers. Cas sucks in a breath when he notices how thin and frail they are. The one on the right has a tube coming out of his arm and his skin is flushed nearly crimson.
Dean pauses in his mission to kiss every inch of skin available to him to rest his chin on Cas’s shoulder. “Yeah?”
“Just makin sure” Dean flashes a half grin and snags a beer from the fridge. Cas doesn’t like him drinking before sex, but he’s got nearly two hours to kill and the alcohol should be out of his system well before then. Cas will just zap the offending intoxicant from his body with a scowl if it isn’t. He might even punish Dean for his blatant disobedience. Dean’s cock twitches and he grins at that thought. Maybe he’ll have to grab a second beer.
Cas huffs and folds his arms over his chest as he tries to glare but Dean’s playfulness is too endearing to resist. “Not a date,” he still grumbles for good measure despite the smile tugging at the corners of his lips and the pleasant squirming in his stomach.
Dean’s vest lights up with multiple hits but he gets off a shot before he’s counted out and Cas drops to the floor with a heavy groan just as his vest lights up, signaling his death.
Mary and John shoot Dean an inquisitive look but allow Cas to continue. They spend the next hour or so listening as Cas carefully describes portions of his childhood. Dean knows there's more to the story, but those gaps can wait until Cas is ready to fill them in.
John nods with a proud gleam in his eye. “I’ll give it a once over before you boys head out. Gotta make sure she can make the trip.”
The sight of a foot exiting the car gives him palpitations and his hand finds its way to his chest before he realizes he’s moved.
Cas sucks in a deep breath and swallows hard. He isn’t going to ruin the moment by admitting the truth. “I, uh, I’ve just been picking up odd jobs here and there, whenever I could.”
Meg levels him with her stare. “And leading him on is fair?” She leans forward and holds up her hand when Cas opens his mouth to protest. “I know, I know, you’ve told him that you don’t date. That don’t mean he’s gonna quit hoping. Besides, maybe he’d be okay with it?”
is still sleeping in his bed and Cas is going to do everything he can to ensure that he can pack a bag and settle into Baby’s passenger seat after his classes are over this afternoon.
“But that’s absurd! It’s perfectly legal for me to have them, I checked the ordinances!” Cas protests and Dean has to shush him when those damn purple flowers start coming back.
“Or, do you want something else?” Cas reads Dean like an open book, licking a stripe up his cock with a pleased groan like he can never get enough of Dean’s taste. Dean tenses beneath him in anticipation as Cas wraps his lips around the head of Dean’s dick and the sharp cut of teeth presses into his tender skin.
He isn’t a fool, he knows that prep isn’t as necessary as he would like to think but he would never assume his partner would be okay without it. To see Dean taking his cock like this stirs something primal deep inside him that Cas didn’t know he had until this moment.
“That was,” Dean says and swallows hard as Cas crawls up his body to snuggle in close. “Intense.” Dean feels foolish even mentioning it, but he knows that Cas appreciates when he uses his words and damn does he want to make Cas happy.
The events of last night paired with Dean’s tenderness since the night be brought mead to share has Cas’ mind reeling and he wishes for little more than to lose himself in his work.
Dean has three long hours to entertain himself while he drives. And by entertain, he means torture himself with thoughts of everything he would rather be doing so he can make himself even more miserable than he already is. Sam side-eyes him as he peels out of the bunker’s parking garage and he catches a flash of stern blue eyes in the rearview mirror as he turns onto the main road faster than strictly necessary.
Irritation spikes immediately in Dean’s chest and he lets out a low growl as he follows Castiel’s steps. He will not allow Cas to keep behaving like this.
“Patience, Dean, I don’t want to rush this,” Cas says softly. He doesn’t want to risk hurting Dean, and he doesn’t want to risk this ending too soon.
He bounces on the balls of his feet as he finishes his coffee and watches. It’s still a little early for Mick, but he can’t deny that some sick part of him is looking forward to seeing the man tonight.
Cas’s heart flutters with indecision and his stomach tenses with the pure pleasure of the grip that Dean’s body provides. He can see the way that Dean’s muscles tremble and sweat beads along his brow with the effort of holding himself up and relaxing his internal muscles at the same time.
Dean doesn’t stop blushing until they’re safely tucked in the car with her comforting rumble drowning out the sounds of the parking lot.
Cas watches Dean work with narrowed eyes but he doesn’t move from where he stands next to the table. Today’s events have given him much to think about but his heart still flutters as he watches as Dean’s arrangement begins to resemble a bed and his lips curl into a watery smile when Dean looks toward him with his bottom lip held tightly between his teeth.
His thumb hovers over Bobby’s contact, the old man told him to call whenever he needed support, but Dean’s chest aches with self-loathing at the thought of disturbing his uncle’s quiet morning with his bullshit.
He uses every trick he knows to drive his Angel wild, sucking and hollowing his cheeks as he swirls his tongue around the head of Cas’ cock each time he pulls back. Dean moans and writhes on his knees, loving how Cas takes what he wants without forgetting to take care of him too.
His hands are over the button of his jeans when he completes the turn and he bites his bottom lip seductively as his fingers slowly pry the button loose. He tilts his head back, baring the long column of his throat as he slides the zipper down tortuously slow, waiting until he hears a whimper from Castiel before peeling his jeans open and pulling them down just enough to reveal that forest green lace underneath.
Finally, Cas rubs a slick hand over his cock and urges Dean to dip his lower back and lift his ass just a little bit more as Cas gets into position behind him. Green and blue eyes are both locked on their reflection, Cas watching Dean’s eyes widen and his bliss spread across his features as he breaches that tight ring of muscle. Dean watches Cas tug his lower lips between his teeth, worrying the tender bit of skin in an all too human gesture as the struggle to control himself shows in his knitted brows and pinched expression.
He wipes his brow and studies his surroundings. Several other slaves toil in the dirt with him but they offer nothing in the way of conversation. Dean is nowhere in sight and Cas’ shoulders slump as he returns to his work. He knows it is only a matter of time before Dean comes to collect him, as he does every day, but it seems the time hasn’t come yet and he has more digging to do before they can begin planting seeds.
Dean stares at the horizon, studying the shapes and shadows of the monastery that slowly comes into focus. His green eyes dart quickly over the low towers, scanning each window with purpose, reviewing their plans to seek out flaws and undue risks. His thoughts are busy calculating every detail for the hundredth time.
“Sounds good” Sam agrees with a half-smile. Dean knows full well that frozen pizza isn’t Sam’s favorite, but it’s what they have that’s quick and easy.
Dean is a thoughtful and caring lover, but no amount of gentle can alter the inevitable ache that comes from lack of practice on Castiel’s end.
He collects Cas’ wrists in an iron grip and pins Castiel to the forest floor. “Stop!” Benny demands as he flips Cas and presses a knee into Cas’ lower back.
