friend grinning at me. Then, I had fainted. Now, I was apparently blushing. "Though examine it I shall," said I. I thought the matter concluded, and felt a great deal of relief.
I paused in thought, attempting in vain to exhaust all possibilities before finally giving up and simply asking. "What are we celebrating, Holmes?"
"Who doesn't know Nutcracker, John? Honestly! The conductor is overly ambitious to not have substituted an easier arrangement. I would think they are playing it in its entirety, and more likely than not as accompaniment for dancers-- but that was too much of a longshot to risk confirming. I do still have a reputation to uphold. But as for the piece, I've played it countless times in orchestra." Sherlock turned to face John directly, and what could almost be categorized as a slow anger crept into his features. "Why does everyone always assume I've never done any group activities? Never went to school? Never
It was clear the visit was off to a more inauspicious start than a romantic proposal made with those flowers, and this was no time to discuss my future. Sherlock paused some more, giving me a chance to rethink my position, to cool down my passions. Clearly he was far better at regulating them than I, for certainly our mother’s blood ran through both our veins. He rose to retrieve my cloak, blocking the garish flowers from view. “I thank you for your assistance in locating Dr Watson. Time was of the essence and, two heads were certainly better than one.” It was patronizing talk which served only to infuriate me. He extended his long arm to hold it out for me from some distance away, and I snatched it from his grasp.
“Well, considering neither of you will have seen the first Terminator film, or Harry Potter… So. If you wanted to kill Hitler, and you break into the nursery, and kill Baby Hitler, and replace him with another baby, then that new baby will end up being the one who will grow up to be the person the world knows as Adolph Hitler.”
“Sounds like something I could be saying just as easily.” He finds himself smiling yet again. Must be some sort of record.
I damn near dropped the phone. Something was wrong. Something was very wrong and I had let the lull of routine and my own insecurities stop me from keeping up contact. I sat down on the bed, feeling the water pool beneath me into the thick cotton robe. “Tell me everything.”
“Concert violinist. Auditioning. Callouses, tapping finger patterns of a rather difficult piece and frequently looking over to that bin, where his instrument is stored. It is perfectly safe, though the case is likely extremely dirty, as that backpacker sitting beneath the bin has stored beside it a rucksack which has been across Asia. That necklace is clearly from Nepal, and has been purchased recently. He keeps rubbing at the amber, but it has no groove in it. He’ll wear it down before too long. The new gym shoes are from Putian. If I were to head down the aisle, I could confirm where, precisely, the tobacco is from which he has been rolling recently that has stained his fingers, but frankly, if my only goal is proving to you that this meeting wasn’t orchestrated by your sister, I would hope I could do so without leaving my seat and having to suffer through whatever other odours he has amassed.”
Sherlock’s preself laughed. “Oh, I’m sure I’ll find a way to get whatever it is I need.” He gave a quick nod and headed out the door.
Sherlock interrupted. “Anyone who invented ways to navigate time and space would naturally have enemies.”
Sherlock’s eyes lost a bit of that glazed-over look as he pulled himself up to sitting. “Yes, yes, I’ll be sure to do that. Right now I need to check on something. I'll be back in a moment, John.”
"Oh, stop it. I let you take what you needed, I didn't care either way, it was mildly interesting, and you moved on. That’s why you chose me in the first place, remember? Hopefully it was good sex." He blushed just a bit. "For you two, I mean. After. I know what we did was...good. Except for you torturing yourself at the beginning. Bet you haven't had need for all that specialized knowledge you were so keen on acquiring."
Sherlock nearly reflexively said 'Greg' before his attention was diverted by the rest of the sentence. "I thought you made it your own choice to have a splendid binge, knowing you wouldn't die until you were at least well into your thirties?"
John leaned forward, still standing over the bed, and kissed him. A bit of reassurance, because for all Sherlock’s confidence, there was still an easily observable layer of doubt beneath it. The kiss was soft, gentle, tender. For all the strength John liked to project, all the confidence he had worked so hard to cultivate, all the bluster, there was an even greater tenderness beneath it. He truly, truly loved this man. Loved him with every bit of himself. After all, John had killed for Sherlock; Sherlock had died for John. He broke the kiss, smiling as Sherlock’s mouth chased his ever so slightly, his head rising off the pillow. John stroked his hair. Then he waited.  Waited to see what part of Sherlock’s body moved next, got just a bit restless, felt just a bit of longing.
Sherlock opened the door wide just before they knocked. John already figured Sherlock— well, make that both Sherlocks— had likely heard their steps in the hallway, despite the carpeting, or maybe Sherlock knew his stride well enough to time it precisely from the lounge up to the room... but John’s preself’s mouth gaped as he watched the door swing open with John’s fist left hovering in the air inches in front of the surface. “Yeah, they’re always like that,” John said by way of explanation.
"I suppose that Sherlock...the Sherlocks...know where we are. Or will soon. We could probably just wait here for them to find us, but that's not exactly my style and it's a safe bet it isn't yours either."
“It’s one of many possible theories,” said Sherlock. He glared at his preself. “We can't say anything with certainty.”
“Too lucky. It was almost as if it was designed to be ridiculously easy to shut down. Random luck? More likely a set up from whoever gave Moran the weapon to begin with. I think it probable we were being observed, like when Magnussen was checking for pressure points. Maybe whoever it was behind it wanted to see what would happen if we thought we might die, but then carried on living. Sounds like a rather interesting experiment, doesn’t it? I cannot be certain who it was, or if it was done for that purpose, but it was the simplest switch ever. A child could have disarmed it. Of course, if someone had put it in place to observe what we might have meant to each other back then, they would have no reason to do so now. What we mean to each other is clear for all to see. This—does not bode well for their being an off switch this time, John.”
The preself glanced at the carpet, eyeing the familiar acid stain Sherlock had commented upon during his last visit to his past. "I...had my doubts," he mumbled. He looked back up and locked eyes with John. "I mean, I knew all about you. I read it all. I even got as far as figuring out your name. But... I never anticipated you'd stay."
“You do realise I am over six feet tall and weigh, oh let’s call it 80 kg. I’ve put on some muscle since I last measured properly. And that is…slight…to you?”
elsewhere." I agreed it was fiscally unwise, and promised Sherlock Holmes would, in future, demonstrate a far greater knowledge of, and possibly even respect for, prominent political figures. He smiled, called that an untruth worthy of perpetuating, and then reiterated that he was perfectly fine with being a machine for several more stories, however-- as it suited him.
Sherlock stared at the leaves on the floor as if he was giving them a moment to drift out the window of their own accord, then he picked them up and tossed them into the fireplace. “And now I won’t be quite as out of sorts. For tonight.”
I gave up on that and started pacing back and forth on the sidewalk. I should go in. I might not ever see him again. But if he wanted me out and would listen to Smith, that might just be his best chance at getting help and recovering. Of course Neicey saw me, and I guess that was interesting enough for her to put down her phone. I wished she had just kept right on playing her games. I didn’t feel much like putting on a brave face. My best friend was in there dying, and I was shut out.
Sherlock’s preself edged in closer, still keeping a watchful eye on John’s preself. “Let him fuck your face, John.”
“In that window. He said when the light goes on, go round the corner and get Detective Stroud. He said he was hoping you’d be staying right here and to tell you, but to give you about 10 minutes before I came over. Or until you stopped pacing. Whichever came first.”
He nods. “Yeah. I can relate. I’m pretty much always keeping the peace between everyone. Harry is learning to fight those battles without me, though. Finally.”
"My dear Watson, it is not I who am questioning you. Please direct your anger elsewhere, for it is soon to be further inflamed. Hand me your copy of
“John, for the reaction to have taken place previously, I would have needed to have brushed my teeth and then immediately thereafter, eaten breakfast.”
“Yes, John II here proves there is room for plenty of variations," piped up Sherlock's preself, "by his not being gay."
John laughed darkly. “We put a bomb into some portal and it’s someone else's problem and they’ve got three minutes to deal with it? If anyone even spots it in time?”
“No. That part was the easiest. I just thought about how you’d feel during those ten minutes outside.”
“True. But I was never afraid of kink, John. I had little personal experience, as few people appealed to me, but I’ve always been far from a prude. You, on the other hand, maintain a certain hesitancy. Shall we say, a tendency toward the routine. I know we all have our preferences, and I’m fine with that. But if I were to… shake things up just a bit… I do wonder what might happen.”
“Yeah, that and an incurable disease floating around at the time. But I had made my peace with all of it before I joined the service. As…evidenced by the nickname. Besides, Mister “Just Transport”, who the hell are you to lecture me on sexual liberation? You could count your partners on one hand and have fingers to spare.”
Holmes merely stared at me, his grey eyes widening, surprised, in the pale light of his new electric lamp.
Doyle had suggested I embellish the narrative with additional descriptions of his compassion toward women, children, the poverty-stricken, to make Holmes appear more amiable, but Holmes had only criticised my earlier attempts at doing so. "I believe there is something to this image, Watson," he had said back when my earliest stories were published, "If intelligence and compassion are thought to be at odds by your readership, I would far prefer being thought of as wise and surprising clients with my compassion than the reverse."
"Not entirely aware of how you accomplished that. It means you know more about the process than I. So... I will send you back, and leave you to make the proper adjustments. Remember, Brother Mine... balance is a violation of natural law, not simply jurisprudence. These rules are not arbitrary."
"I suppose I do deserve that. But in my defense, I had not yet received a proper demonstration of your powers of observation when I made that statement." I paused to make a quick calculation. "Have you seriously kept that one at the forefront of your mind for some 20-odd years, just waiting for the right moment to throw it at me?"
My brother was perhaps disinterested in love. Only in friendship. And what line lay between the two terms for him was beyond my comprehension. For anyone, for that matter. One could wish to spend a lifetime with a friend. One might never have another for whom they felt equal longing. And if that were mutual, who was to say that was not love? If both saw it as such?
Sherlock shook his head. “What I like? What I don’t? I wouldn’t know what to advise you. Not my area of expertise. Not that I didn’t do adequate research.” Sherlock reached forward and grabbed the back of John’s head, pulling him toward his mouth, kissing him in a way that made him think of plundering pirates. Overenthusiastic. Perhaps proving a point. But eager nonetheless. Yeah, this would be good.
John grimaced. He couldn’t hit quite the right angle, nor could he see Sherlock’s face at all, but he kept his rhythm steady.
When I saw the publisher's copy, I deliberately ignored the literary serving of guilt that was Blanched Soldier.
[ Story removed. I’m not sure if it is disrespectful or not, but it feels a but that way to me, so I pulled it.]
“It didn’t matter. Moran was real enough. And he was dealt with. I believe I will arrange to be sent back with him as a sort of escort to his original dimension. Ensure he has no devices on him and no access to them in the future. I can continue my own explorations of the timeline from there.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “John. Spare me the considerate lover speech. If I don’t like something, I’ll be sure to communicate it in an obvious enough way that even someone with your poor observational skills would be able to detect it.” And then he grinned. That bastard fucking grinned.
“Yes, that had been a petty attempt at arousing jealousy, for which I owe you an apology. Though she was, and remains, an attractive woman.”
“Though I suppose it’s sometimes helpful to hear the sounds of other people having fun. Grounding. Rather than just emptiness.” Oh. Wait. That was not the right thing to say.
John's preself seemed to have suddenly found some very interesting, nonexistent thing in precisely the opposite direction and wandered down the hallway. John ignored him. "Your wrist escape trick worked perfectly, by the way. I don't think Moran is exactly a hardened criminal here either, just an informant. His son, on the other hand…."
In any case, I had told him separate quarters miles apart suited me fine. That I wished to continue concentrating on my practice whilst I was still young enough to do so had the ring of truth, and hence I could claim my remaining in London was an ideal situation. I boarded up any of my lingering hopes, as the deeper relationship we were perpetually on the verge of acknowledging was dashed to bits against those deceptively romantic, pale cliffs.
“Of course you were. You are matching up Holmeses and Watsons like you’re setting some cosmic dinner table.”
of mine. Now, I know you can snap, because I’ve seen you use those long, thin fingers of yours to order people around chop chop, snapping at people, so now you can snap those same fingers if you want me to stop so you can breathe while I’m shoving my cock down your throat. Which I might do now. Or later. Or not at all. Depending on what I
I have heard if you love something, set it free. The logician in me cannot help but wonder, is the converse true as well? If you have set something free, does that mean you have loved it?
“And, as you can tell, I didn't find any of them put me off enough to not at least give it a try. Anything you want.”
For a second, I had thought he was going to say it was me. That one man. But I got back to reality real quick. I nodded. “Absolutely.”
"How did Mary Fraser get on the list of things we don't want to talk about? Not a damn thing wrong with that relationship. We even left as good friends when I had to go back."
“I picked them out myself. I suppose one might also find the brightness of the colors somewhat...cheery. Do you?”
“John. The choices presented to you were not the same. And therefore, the outcomes could not possibly have been the same. He knows this.”
At home, I was determined to prevent the shedding of tears by bolstering my anger sufficiently to prevent any other emotion from surfacing. Surely even a mechanical man knew the value of some womanly arts. Of housekeeping? Cooking? Of course I was rubbish at such things, but at least the promise of food must have some universally understood value, for what bachelor establishment could run without a decent cook?
“Black Travelpro suitcase, American flight industry standard, but not a pilot’s case, so not business-related. And of course there is the lack of a uniform, so returning from a pleasure trip. Confirming the profession, suggesting the country.”
“It is lighting up on the screen as if there is a way out of this universe, but I see no indication of where the exit it is, or of it going anywhere in particular. The window we came through led here. There has never been multiple exit or entrance points unless they were deliberately created by someone.  My best guess is that one is a temporary anomaly which appears to lead… nowhere. If we can find it we can dispose of the bomb entirely.”
“Starving. A quick takeout from Sylvia’s might be in order, if you’d care to join me before you head back to the hotel to get some rest. You’re on in six hours.”
Holmes began to read aloud. "'I served at the fatal battle of Maiwand. There I was struck on the shoulder by a Jezail bullet, which shattered the bone and grazed the subclavian artery.'"
“Leave the investigating to me and...Sherlock,” said Sherlock. We will find out the room he is in. Just stand by the ice machine facing opposite directions and watch the elevators and the paths to the stairs at the far ends of the hallway to be sure he doesn't leave. We will contact the police, and they can handle it from there while we go disarm the bomb, as we had done previously. If it is still in the same location.”
It wasn’t far. They had walked to the bank earlier in the evening together, bundled against the chilly night air, Sherlock discussing everything short of the actual case. John knew he liked to keep secrets. Wait for the right moment for the big reveal. And that was fine. John had been keeping a few secrets of his own lately.
Sherlock’s preself turned toward the younger John, who was now watching every movement. “You haven’t turned away, have you? I know what you want, too. I felt it— remember? You and he might not be the same person, but right now, you both want the same thing.”
He grew uncharacteristically silent. "It is of no consequence. And as for your portrayal of me, I am well aware you do not write a man-- you write a character. And a popular one at that. I find I prefer to be quite different than the literary Holmes. It is, a strange sort of privacy, I suppose. There are a few things I should like to keep from the public. Only between us, if you would."
“He and your sister both being meddling busybodies, the arrangement just might keep the two of them off our backs for the foreseeable future.  And when my brother offers you cash to provide some sort of report on me, take it. We’ll split the payments and concoct some story to keep him content.”
“I do not suggest you fabricate a courtship. And I do not think it offensive if you were to occasionally mention a woman, without any description, nor commentary as to how you met. Then, within the reader's mind, it will seem as if a woman has always been there, will always be there, in the background of the stories. Simply say something regarding a wife on occasion. Casually. It will be quite effective. Some will assume you have remarried. Others will assume it is Mary of whom you speak. You have already confessed to your readers your need to occasionally change dates, so you needn't concern yourself with accuracy or details. You will have a permanent woman beside you."
"Timing is everything, John." He glanced up at me through lowered lashes. Mrs Hudson had gone out for the evening, as she had mentioned to us at breakfast. Timing indeed. I moved slowly toward the reclining form spread out upon the fainting couch, now artfully rearranging both limbs and dressing gown to their greatest effect.
“I hope you smoothed things over with Greg. He’s the only one who can provide you with cases, you know. Don’t piss him off too much,” admonished John, as Sherlock shook some stray leaves from his coat and hung it up on the rack.
John waited until Sherlock was out of the flat to let his wide grin emerge. Sherlock was at least energetic now. Sherlock always seemed a bit tense during the times in between cases. Just a bit testy. Critical. Over the years, a lot about Sherlock’s personality had somehow migrated from annoying to charming, and occasionally back again, but by now John knew Sherlock would be on edge when no cases were on. This invariably led to his examining everything in their lives with a critical eye, no matter how well things were going. And they had been going well. Though maybe the fact that the two of them were in somewhat of a rut was a fair point for criticism. Still, Sherlock was just being grumpy. Which usually meant good sex. So long as John didn’t take the stream of insults that went along with the foul mood personally. The before and after, the tension and release aspect, was especially rewarding. And John liked the fact that he had everything to do with Sherlock’s change of mood from grumpy to complacent.  Hell, seeing Sherlock without a case was becoming a bit of an aphrodisiac. But the balance was a fine one between testy criticism and moping on the sofa in a depressive funk.
The man—a captain, most likely—was clearly visiting someone himself and is now returning home. The placidity on his features is an easy read. A completed family obligation. Wrong time of year for weddings. Not a medical necessity, or the projected relief would be far more limited in its scope due to lingering concerns. The stranger is still young enough to have living parents, but...oh. He is supposed to be answering the posed question, isn’t he?
"She showed me how to master it. How to layer experiences in order to move forward and backward without contamination. I created the illusion of an imbalance to ensure you would be sent, but we are far beyond such petty concerns. And yes, one might say we are a selfish being."
When I arrived, he met me at the train station and, after a far more formal greeting than I had anticipated, proceeded to travel in an entirely different direction than his description had suggested. Much nearer to Beachy Head. I frowned as the carriage turned abruptly, and he smiled.
...an actual, physical sensation of pain. I had no idea why bomb construction and detonation had been placed within a locked file, and what it was connected to.” He paused, took a breath, then continued. “I do now. Now that I know our ancestral home was destroyed. Everything tangential to Eurus was inaccessible, and the fight to access it was the beginning of my awareness that something was very wrong.”
I turned to Holmes in surprise. My friend merely nodded and, after a moment, intoned, “Charles Augustus Milverton.”
The preself paused, then fidgeted with his cuffs. "I have the capability of deletion even without a bubble."
I eyed him with false suspicion as long as I could before I broke into laughter. “Yes. What sort of detective would you be if you could not discern that? There are many such persons in the world who are undoubtedly attractive but hold no promise. I am certain every woman within these pages you so much as glanced upon will prove a romantic interest for those longing to find it, whilst they miss the true developing romance entirely.”
I had been rather delighted to have seen the acknowledgement of my efforts in securing Doctor Watson’s release in print, and not even in code. Sherlock must have won that battle over Mycroft, for I couldn’t imagine his ever wishing to appear in error or to have his dirty laundry aired in any conceivable manner, but I remembered well Sherlock’s face when he saw his friend again. Unguarded joy. Surely he had composed the notice and Mycroft had reluctantly agreed to it. I had hoped it was more evidence that my brothers were not of the same mind. Still, I now was being both acknowledged and summarily dismissed within the very same sentence!
Holmes would have said, “Anyone saying ‘ok’ that many times was most definitely not.” And we weren’t. Not really. None of us were during this whole damn crisis. But we’d make it through. We’d make it through.
"No, no, I do now. With you, it's...it's different. And I don't mean to imply that you are my exception. Not like that. Not like you are the only man I've ever felt anything for. I mean...I mean it isn't about that. It's that you are the only person I have any desire to actually share this experience with. Even with myself it was, practice. That's all it was. And, eventually, a sort of reconciliation. I had to accept me as I was. Develop some semblance of trust. Maybe you should aim for a similar outcome?"
“I hope I don’t regret this, but… I’m willing to try anything once. Just, make sure you're safe about how we set it up, and I’ll try it.”
I most certainly did not. I shook my head and barely hid my disdain. That he had requested them made all the sense in the world, for no florist in their right mind would choose such flowers. Sherlock knew nothing of their hidden secrets. Such was the domain of women; it lay beyond his feeble grasp. As did my need to preserve my freedom at all costs. Reasoning with him would be an impossibility, and I was a fool to have ever thought otherwise.
So. Instead of saying what I was thinking, which was somewhere between, “You are right. I always told you I was just an intern.
“I have never been this pissed off, or this relieved. Please tell me Mrs. Hudson wasn’t in on it the whole time.”
It is a cold morning, and the harshness of this unheralded chill has seeped its way into my old bones and awoken me. Would that I could somehow harness the magic within fiction and conjure up a real-life bull pup to provide extra warmth. That form of companion would leave the public as blissfully unaware as ever of the absence of my bedwarmer for these many years, Sherlock Holmes, who now lay beyond
“A me without you? No. I can’t. It’s not just about being too obnoxious. I know that. Even if it didn’t come out right.”
A Write Sherlock entry, where you modify a famous work. This is my version of Billy Collins’s poem “To a Stranger Born in Some Distant Country Hundreds of Years from Now”  (his first… then my version.)
"He just seems like it. Pretty and posh. Though I guess he could be all burly and be gay too. But, between you saying 'someone' and he being... how he is... I just figured he was. Sorry if I was wrong."
"Yes. No other would afford me the opportunity to chase criminals through the streets of London at all hours."
"He was quite tanned. From daily swims. It...he reminded me of you. You still are... not quite as brown as a nut, but, shall we say, a pleasing shade, nonetheless. He was of a roughly similar build, as well. Not as muscular as a former army man and rugby player such as yourself. But the closest substitute I could find."
Sherlock sighed and started toward the lift once more. “You’re right. We need all our focus on the here and now. We need to rescue both Johns.” He pressed the button and waited what seemed like forever for the lift to make its way back down. Sherlock paced a bit before turning on his preself. “And your most helpful suggestion remains putting us all in danger, wait till things are at their worst, and fading out?”
science he was therefore entitled to the man’s iritis-laden left eye. Molly had disagreed. By Sherlock’s account, she said something about using it for a legitimate medical purpose and how he couldn’t just take “pieces of people” home. Especially parts so easily deemed missing. Sherlock had snapped that even with an open casket they would have the sense to keep his eyes closed— and that’s when Molly had told him to leave.
“I told her I wasn’t exactly interested in dating anyone right now, and she said that was ‘complete and utter bollocks’. And I told her fine! I’d prove it wasn’t some fear thing. I’d talk to… that I’d talk to the first attractive man I saw. Just talk.” He shifts around in his seat. “To practice striking up a conversation! Not like asking strangers on dates, or anything! Just. Just to be able to chat someone up a bit, even if it went nowhere. I’m...I’m sorry.”
John turned around to see his preself tying his shoes. “You do both belong together. I meant that when I said it before. I’m happy for you both.”
“Harry has been going through a rough time lately. Well, she almost always is. But she’s got a new therapist and has been tackling things head on, and I think it’s making a difference. She’s clean, at least. So far.”
Well, Sherlock would be back soon at least. John cleaned up the mess of newspapers strewn across the kitchen table and washed the breakfast plates. Sherlock came home about 25 minutes later.
John paced the length of the hotel room. “It's not fine! Moran is still absolutely free, and he'll make another bomb if he damn well wants to. And apparently someone set it all up just to watch us put on a show. And might do it again. It's not fine that this universe turns out different, and it's not fine that he gets away with it, and… and none of this is fine.”
Sherlock shot his self a murderous look and then quickly regained his focus. “We have a mission to accomplish. I need to know which room a man is located in. I suspect it will be this floor, for concierge members. We need to plan exactly how to stop him. But first, we need to find him.”
"Discovering new things is part of the adventure. John and I are always learning together. And, for what it's worth, I do believe you. You are not me. Though, it's close enough that that fact hardly matters." He cleared his throat. "So, tell me more about Lord Moran."
“Not just food… juice. Firstly, coating one’s teeth in an acidic liquid immediately after cleansing them is rather counterproductive and I’m not an idiot. Secondly, I would have needed to have used your inferior toothpaste.”
Had he placed any value on such “inconsequential” things as flowers, he could have saved Doctor Watson himself! He already had taken a list of his former patients! He already knew of the existence of the costume shop, had even shopped there before it was… contaminated… with femininity and no longer worthy of his notice! I glanced toward the flowers once more, about to use them as evidence against him in my tirade on how he could have found his friend, had he not been so blind to the worth of half the population...his ignorance of such matters being commonplace to any woman alive. I do not know what stopped me. Certainly I was fortunate some common sense remained within my arsenal of emotions, for it would have been a cruel retort. I did stare at that bouquet long enough to have caught his eye, which was when he interrupted my thoughts in a most insouciant manner with that all-too-familiar arrogant grin.
"Yes. Music only served to keep you alive. Doesn't matter." He cleared his throat. "Well, I do need you for a case, as I had begun to explain. Matilda Briggs has met up with another Traveller. They were introduced outside of Dr Weise's office. Amazing how frequently people with destructive tendencies seem to find each other! Now Briggs has shown Sebastian Moran how to manipulate time."
Sherlock threw his head back with a bit of disdain, but clearly still processing, and that’s when John caught sight of that neck, just waiting to be explored. He abandoned Sherlock’s nipples, leaving them peaked and wanting, and started on that vast expanse of pale neck. And if that didn’t do the trick!  Sherlock arched beneath him, seeking out John’s thigh with such determination to get that blessed friction for himself that John decided not quite yet and moved it away. He pinned Sherlock’s legs down with his own, and raised his hips up to create a frustrating gap between their bodies.
“My goal remains to get the right John to the right location and to stop this explosion. Everything else is inconsequential. At least there is the assurance that no harm can come to you or your John while you are in another universe.”
The whole deal with Holmes spotting the chipped phone case, tho. If you took out the fact that real people died, it’d make a damn fine story. No one would ever know the details, but I always felt like so much of how Holmes figured these things out was fascinating. Fuck, I was fanboying the kat and I knew it. Just getting rid of the sticky notes. Yeah, right.
I turned to face him then, schooling the bitter disappointment in myself from my features. "Holmes," said I, "I do still recall your previous assertions on this topic, but regardless, I fear I have perpetrated a grave injustice with my callous presentation."
“What’s the meaning of this?” I heard him say again, after he was cuffed. And it sounded just as ridiculous this time.
"Since you seem to already know what to do, I'll just... leave you both to it. And yes, I cannot do a bubble if you need to move about freely. Your preself claims there is already an imbalance, and from what I can tell, he is correct. I believe he caused it deliberately, without ever having contacted you. I am, to be frank, not entirely aware--"
John could hear Sherlock walking towards the bedroom as he called out, “All resolved! The case, and his annoyance!” He stopped in the doorway, his dressing gown draped loosely at his sides, revealing that he wore nothing beneath. He looked at the pillows and his brow wrinkled slightly.
“None taken here either. I genuinely do have other interests. And a relationship doesn’t quite fit into my plans. I still haven't gotten this whole travelling thing down yet. And the sexual aspect, while being fascinating in its own way, is hardly a strong pull in a purely physical sense.”
I waved my arm toward the busy street. “I was led to believe you enjoyed London. The bustle of people. All that. Surely, its odors no longer faze you.”
I just stared. Probably a spiking fever. I could only hope it would break. I suddenly felt like leaving him now would be a bad idea.
John sighed, "Give it a rest, would you?", and headed downstairs without giving Sherlock’s preself so much as a glance.
“For now, we will assume congruence. Look for a grate on the right side," Sherlock instructed John. "We need to confirm that the train car is still there. The dangerous part is in finding it and checking the panel. Might not be an off switch this time."
Sherlock continued his train of thought with only a brief pause at the station. “Could be, but isn’t— could be made for North America, as we did travel to New Jersey and you seemed quite familiar with driving on the right. That sort of entrenched somatic comfort generally implies a period of time sufficient to establish an ease with something that would otherwise remain alien. At least when making a left turn. Now, that doesn’t rule out other locations, by any means, as—”
“No. Not from here. I’d have to be in the hallway, but then there wouldn’t be any cover. I can't just stand there. What if I move to the stairs itself? I could go a floor above and just look down. He wouldn’t notice me. People don’t look up.”
Sherlock opened his mouth eagerly, enveloping John with a sigh, taking to it as if he had been waiting for this moment for years. Maybe he had been. Damn, was he ever good at this. Not as awkward as the kissing had been, but then again it was easy to see the effect this was having as John let his own noises escape his throat. John has spent too much of his time giving head, often as a sort of warm-up activity, make them come right at the beginning and they’ll not be disappointed, that he had forgotten just how good it felt. He revelled in it. Pushing forward, John found himself fighting off the hazy waves of pleasure. He wanted his mouth, yes, but not only his mouth. John wanted to reach for Sherlock’s cock, to lick at his chest some more, to push himself inside his body and... and... just, do everything, all at once. John moved backward, popping quickly out of Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock again pursued him, but John told him as amazing as that was, and god was it ever, there was more to tr— to catalogue. More to catalogue.
John glanced toward the preselves and looked as if he wished to catch up with them and listen to their conversation, but Sherlock reminded him they still needed to deal with disarming a bomb, and, fascinating as the conversation theoretically might be, they had to head to the Sumatra Station immediately.
“Not just any armed man.” Sherlock stopped to wince, then took a deep breath and continued, “And this also isn’t the first time I’ve been in this type of situation with John Clay. I wanted it to be the last time. He has always managed to elude capture.”
"I assume so. Usually, if you are already bouncing around, you are very cognisant of your situation It does remain possible, though highly unlikely, he is accidentally switching places. But in any timeline, Moran is-- bad news."
“John’s right. A waste of time trying to pinpoint it. So. We can get police to surround the elevators, as before…”
Sherlock’s voice was filled with contempt. “Yes. Of course. An honest mistake. You used your closest frame of reference, and popped me right in there in place of one of your numerous girlfriends.”
“I should have known. I kept thinking “why does he think I might have a problem with…” John froze. “So. You think I would have a problem with, you know, with you…topping.” John leaned forward, as if he was anticipating Sherlock to sit and life to somehow simply continue as normal, for this whole miscommunication to simply be brushed aside. And it almost was.
Sherlock was waiting at the lift down the hallway, and returned his mobile to his coat pocket just as saw his counterpart arrive. He had already hit the fifth floor button. "Concierge level. Five...?"
Preself coughed. “Well, not by that name, no, but I’m certain the concept to which the name refers is not unfam--”
“And don’t you go telling me it’s just a scratch! I’ll be the judge of that.” John quickly examined the blood soaking through the outside of Sherlock’s aesthetically-pleasing trousers.
There had been a single camelia in the center, I recalled—it was what had initially drawn my eye—but of the rest I was far less certain. I closed my eyes to best picture the arrangement. The garish yellow tulips had been next. I believed them to have a negative meaning, as did most yellow flowers, and was correct to find they stood for a hopeless and desperate love. I chuckled to myself. A thoroughly unsuitable bouquet indeed!
“I might have looked you up. Both Watsons leave the military, under different circumstances and at different times, it seems.”
The sparseness of the hotel felt all wrong. I sat down at the minibar and enjoyed my pancakes. Then I brushed my teeth, peed, slipped off my sweatpants and left them in a pile on the bathroom floor (my scrubs stayed at the hospital, tossed into the hazmat laundry hamper before I changed in the locker room and made my way here). I went to bed. Holmes was right about those sheets. He’d just be starting his day right about now. I fluffed up my down pillow, rolled on my side, and did what I usually did when I found myself thinking about Holmes a bit too long. I called Omare.
I had thought the matter resolved, so I was shocked when the package I nearly stumbled over upon my doorstep turned out to be an advance copy of "The Lion's Mane", the contents of which amounted to, amongst other things, rather precise directions to Holmes's house out there on the lonely Downs. After all my careful obscurification of the true location of anything, save our consulting rooms! The only accurate locations I had mentioned during all my years as Sherlock Holmes's chronicler were those Baker Street rooms and Reichenbach Falls (as I thought at that point preserving secrecy scarcely mattered).
I grabbed the book my mother had gifted me in order to reference the flowers, to assist with my assault on paper. Certain I could teach my wiser, older brother a thing or two, I attempted to recall them all from memory: hyssop, monkshood, yellow tulips, bluebells. I jotted them down, each flower less suitable than the one before, then sat upon my comfortable chair and glanced over the list as a whole.
“And if the countdown has already started?” said John’s preself. “Then what? Something tells me the answer isn’t actually, ‘Get the hell out of here’”
“I admit to some of it. I cherish you. I feel blessed to have been given a chance at this. I am…protective.”
“Yes, that might make difference. Though there are other ways of stopping him. Like pulling him out of his stream.”
“You all can discuss ruining another universe. I’m heading to higher ground to call 999.” John’s preself headed out of the tunnel.
Sherlock leans against the window and closes his eyes. Conversation is still a bit exhausting at times. And John has certainly shared far more than he had intended.
John paused on their walk toward the kitchen appliances to simply take that information in. He only knew what he had learned on a BBC documentary he had caught early last year. A conductor--John assumed he was famous-- had called Tchaikovsky "disposable", "sentimental" and -- the imagery stuck with John a full year later-- "as relevant to the modern world as the tsarist decadence of a Fabergé egg." The documentary also focused on Tchaikovsky's personal life, and a few crackpot theories that he didn't die of cholera, but rather was forced to kill himself by a tribunal who had feared public awareness of his sexual advances toward a...male... member of the aristocracy. John had not known Tchaikovsky was gay. It had bothered him, not knowing this. He shifted back to the conversation at hand.
John flicks his eyes over quickly without turning his head and types some more. And tilts the screen away from view.
Sherlock seemed to be disliking his preself more and more by the second. “It does seem a large risk to take to prove a theory.”
John looked at Sherlock’s text again to be sure he had their room number right. 543. As he looked up, he spotted a pretty blonde in a gauzy, white coverup who was making her way over from the hotel pool to the lift. She looked at him and then at the man she would probably assume was his younger brother, maybe even his son, with a deliberately shy smile, knowing full well he would hold it for her. And he did. John smiled as she stepped in, said, “Five,” and they all headed from the bar/vending machines/pool/computer room on the ground floor up to the fifth floor concierge level. Waiting for her held things up a bit, admittedly, and John smiled again for an entirely different reason this time. Sherlock would know why they took a bit longer (a fact which never ceased to fill John with admiration and amazement at Sherlock’s capabilities), and it was fine. They were far past the time when John's momentary appreciation of a pretty blonde would raise an eyebrow from his very own striking brunet. And he was grateful.
John explained he needed to hail a cab. He released his grip on Sherlock but he only leaned more into him, smelling faintly of that posh git shampoo. John loved that fucking shampoo. He loved those wild curls which were currently plastered against Sherlock’s pale face and he loved the way he was burrowing that face into John’s shoulder. He held him upright and managed to flag down a cab with one arm, the other wrapped around Sherlock’s thin frame. He kept it round him as he gently set Sherlock down in the back seat, then shut the door and went to the other side so Sherlock wouldn’t have to scoot toward the center of the cab.
. ‘The Jezail bullet which I had brought back in one of my limbs as a relic of my Afghan campaign, throbbed with dull persistency.' "
"Another blue-eyed blonde? Which one are you pulling out of the ol’ memory bank for the sake of conversation?"
Up until this point the two versions of "Please, Do Help Your Self" are identical. This is the chapter is where the split happens. This is the foursome path— Path B. For MCD, choose Path A.
The next flower circling out from the center was a few clusters of yellow rhododendron, with a list of meanings longer than its overly tall and awkward stem: friendship, apology, intense emotion, undying love, extreme betrayal, a broken heart, infidelity, jealousy. Why any flower would ever be used in a bouquet with such a wide variety of interpretations was beyond me. Truly a scattered and disheveled mess of an arrangement, and I found myself almost annoyed at its very existence. Though Sherlock said he had chosen them for their scent, it still felt so very inappropriate for someone to have created such a composition. It was art gone wrong, as ill-fitted as Shelley’s monster. Surely my brother could relate to the discord of incorrect notes within a concerto? How could one know if they were meant as an apology to a dear friend or a representation of the intense emotion of the betrayed and brokenhearted?
Sherlock glanced over to his preself, hesitant. Sherlock’s preself walked up to the edge of the bed and ran his hand softly alongside Sherlock’s face, gently tilting his head back to give him a soft kiss. “Go on. Let yourself.” Sherlock looked at him, wide-eyed for a brief moment, then nodded with newfound confidence.
“No, no, no, it’s--” He stopped for a moment, as if he had forgotten what he was about to say. “It’s not Covid-19. It isn’t any form of Corona or Influenza. This is...different.”
“I write poems for a stranger who will be born in some distant country hundreds of years from now.”   -Mary Oliver
"Look. I got this last year when I w--," the preself looked a bit embarrassed, but continued on, "I got this last year. You don't have it, do you?" The preself presented a small, jagged scar on the fleshy heel of his palm. "You don't have it, on my own body, in the future. Why? Because are not the same. We exist on parallel planes. I'm not the past you. I know that has been, and will continue to be, the prevailing theory-- but I talked to Dr Weise, and it is wrong. Piecroft and all the Little Piggies...they are wrong. All that monitoring-- worrying about nothing. I'm not at all surprised you tend toward solipsism, but Sherlock Holmes is not the Center of the Universe. There are some worlds that don't have a form of us in them at all." He stared at Sherlock, not breaking eye contact for so much as a blink. "There are some where you two never meet. Some where you hate each other."
"Sounds like good timing to me. What else can we do while we are trying to untie the knots but talk? I mean, I'd just chat about Blackheath or politics but, everything I know is already basically history for you, and Sherlock has got you too worried to talk about your life, so the way I see it...we can either talk about the situation we are in right now, or you can take a not-so-fun trip down memory lane as I tell you what I've been up to so far."
Sherlock spoke, but remained staring at John’s preself the whole time. “Same style, different solution. Someone is very curious about our group dynamics. We are likely being watched.” He turned toward John. “Before it was about you and me. Clearly there are other people for them to observe in a panic state this time around.”
"Is there a point to this? I do not mention this more than a handful of times in well over 50 stories."
Oh. John was… disappointed. Something in him was already very intrigued by the thought of maring that perfect skin in some manner. But they could always explore that another time. Something simpler. Maybe just tying Sherlock to the headboard. Though he’d likely escape. But not without a struggle. Now,
Sherlock’s preself stepped up to the car. “It should only require one, and yet, here we all are. So let’s all have a look.”
“Alcohol. Watson family trait. She’s been stable for all of two months and now she thinks she has some sort of license to tell me all the things I should be doing that I’m not.”
The preself's smile threatened to consume his entire face. "Oh, you should see your face right now...you really should! Both of your faces! No, no, that's not how it actually happened. Dr Weise asked me if I wanted to remember. She intercepted me in hospital long before I was permitted to return home. I had left the flat while the bubble was still active, you see, and had gotten spectacularly high-- you were quite correct on that point-- and Lestrade had found me and dropped me off at St Bartholomew's to ensure I didn't die. I never had the opportunity to awaken the next morning from post-coital slumber and attempt to puzzle through who had sex in my bed, only to conclude that it had actually been me, with me. That certainly would have been an interesting experience. Anyway, she met me in the recovery room-- said she traced me there and that memories were stored within me if I wanted access to them. And she reassured me knowing wouldn't change a thing about our shared future."
John waited. He wanted to finish Sherlock’s thoughts for him by blurting the rest out on his behalf—as if that would be the most efficient way to end this moment, to move right past it. But he forced himself to wait. Sherlock looked at him with glistening eyes before he turned his gaze back to the waiting train car and cleared his throat. John wanted to cry on his behalf. He might even have, a bit.
He was looking right at me now. It should have made me more fearful for the irrevocable step I was about to take. It did not. I had seldom felt as calm nor as steady of purpose. "I love you, Sherlock Holmes. I have loved you for some time now. I see this state as continuing well into the foreseeable future, but I have spoken of this love before, as have you. So...let me clarify my meaning."
“Holmes? It’s me.” I moved forward, but Smith put out a hand to stop me. I tried to keep my voice steady. “I brought him for you.”
John had little interest in Sherlock sucking him off, though. Not that that mouth wasn’t extraordinary. Not that he hadn’t thought of that mouth doing various things to him on sleepless nights over the past few years. No, he was far more interested in what kinds of sounds he could coax out of Sherlock and how they would change based on what he was doing to him. His kind of experiment.
Furthermore, it had been Holmes's idea-- living apart during retirement for the sake of propriety. After all, we were no longer working together, so why should we be living together? I strongly disagreed from the start, but I had kept that sentiment to myself. I see in hindsight that perhaps the suggestion was a sort of proving ground. That I was meant to have protested. But instead I had told myself, as I far-too-frequently have done,
It seemed to stretch overly long this time, so John got up and headed to the front room just as Sherlock slammed his laptop shut. “Sorry. I got…sidetracked. Let’s go to sleep. You have an early shift tomorrow, and I want to catch Albert Bridge at low tide.”
“Look, I…” The mission, Watson. “I can't think of a better idea. Yeah, I guess you can go to the stairs. I’ll stay here.”
“Just keep it short. ‘Here’ if you spot him. ‘SOS’ if he’s doing something weird and you need backup. That sort of thing.”
It seemed far-fetched, but I had a duty to explore all possibilities. What if the flowers were not chosen without meaning in mind, but were rather chosen with an all-too-precise awareness of their meaning? Of all their meanings, in fact.
It is times like this when I regret my knowledge of midrash is not stronger. No, that is another religion, entirely--midrash— so there is no guide. Surely, there would have been stories of this. Of how He was received when reentering the Land of the Living. Perhaps I think too highly of myself? No, I absolutely do. Still the bleeding vicar. Except now the blood pours from my nose—not avoided this time, and all that that means is swirling around somewhere in there, too, as I watch them drive away. As I walk home, the signpost says yield.
Sherlock waves dismissively at the magazine. “Nothing but hairstyles, celebrity interviews with people I’ve never heard of, and sex tips. I couldn’t care less what women want in bed.”
“These last three days he’s just been sinkin’, and I finally told him, ‘that’s it, time to go to the doctor’s.’ This morning, I could see the bones practically stickin’ out of his face and he said they’ll turn him away anyways, but I really don’t think they’re gonna. I swear he looked like he-- Well, I told him if he didn’t go see a doctor I’d call an ambulance and they'd just drag him outta there. And that’s when he said he’d see you. Told me to call around 9. Told me to say he was sorry to cut short your sleep--”
The preself ignored John in favor of stroking Sherlock’s cock. He was examining it almost reverently while Sherlock tried for something at least approaching calm and confident as John spread him open while a second John enveloped the head in his mouth.
“You have plenty of time,” said John. “Sometimes you find what you are meant to do later in life. After trying a few things out. Try some things out. Keep an open mind.”
“Yes,” he responded, frowning. “But your confidence is misplaced. They very well might have existed.”
"So. I am you?" asked the preself, interrupting his attempt at planning. Though he still hadn’t a clue what else to do, in all honesty.
“Funny,” said John’s preself. “I’d say it was a very, very strong pull in a physical sense. But I can’t see me getting much more than that from him. And I want more than that.” He paused. “Not to say it wasn’t a worthwhile experience.”
"Yeah, maybe you should do that. It won’t affect the future, and I can tell if we are basically the same person. Or at least I can tell if we aren't."
"Nice to see you so concerned. You brought us here out of guilt and curiosity. You claim your goal is to stop the explosion, but in truth it was hardly your goal to save anyone at all."
Sherlock’s preself emerged, looking, not as if he had just emerged from a rather elicit foursome, and tugged down on his suit jacket. “Wishing you well in your respective futures,” he said. He took his time travel device from his front pocket and placed it upon the nightstand. “They will give me another one when I accompany Moran.”
"I exaggerate. In truth, Mary had no such concerns. She often said one can take the man out of danger but one cannot take the danger out of the man. She never forgot that our marriage was built upon an adventure. Her only concern was that I would retire in due time and not push myself beyond my ability."
“Still or sparkling?” the waiter asks, and though I crave my post-case stillness, the mineral content within the sparkling strikes me as a far better restorative for my health.
The driver turned to look at them both, his face hardening. He was going to say something about them not bleeding all over his cab, John knew, but he shot him a look that made the man think better of it. “Where to?” was all the cabbie actually said.
So it must be someone who would not have chosen him. Would not return the sentiment. But in that case, why the warning? Why a reminder to not pursue if rejection were, in fact, ensured? It made little sense.
John’s preself was pacing restlessly til he found a pen and hotel notepad and began to jot down a crude diagram of the rooms and hallway. “You believe he’s on this floor. The elevators are here. The stairs at the end of the hall, and another set at the far end. The ice machine is...here...and the snack area is in...where is the concierge room?”
"And I don't know. If I want a relationship or not. Certainly it's perfectly clear sex does not alarm me, but… well, I haven't had any since you. And it's not as if I couldn't just go down to a club and pull anyone I wanted, say exactly the right thing...but I just don't miss it."
"An amateur player... in a community orchestra... returning to the instrument after a long absence?"
“Only when I have messed things up so badly that I genuinely have no idea what to do next to remedy an irremediable situation. Boswell may well have told us Johnson called patriotism the last refuge of the scoundrel, but truly humour is the last refuge of the idiot.”
He stared at this younger version of Sherlock and flushed. "Well, I wasn't going to bring it up or anything, but....yeah. Look, I know you think I'm exaggerating here, but, it's the truth no one wants to admit to. I've read my share of articles, even been in a few clubs which were just meat markets in disguise, and that is not me. Well, not this version of me, anyway. I want a real relationship, not just a steady main partner. I might want a family, once I am able to provide for one. And I know people think this is sexist and all, but it isn't-- I don't care who stays home with the kids so long as someone does. Raising kids is an important job."
“And what exactly do you intend to do while we work something out? Rent a room and watch telly on the bed?”
John pushed harder, reaching just below where they were joined and pressed inward with his thumb, hard. Sherlock gasped. “Ah, gotcha. Raise up on your knees if you can, just a bit. That’s right. Just like that.” Sherlock struggled to raise himself and John slipped his other hand beneath him and gripped Sherlock’s cock with his other hand. This was what he loved. Every part of his body working together. John was faltering in his rhythm, and Sherlock might just have been revelling in it in their competition of who would absolutely lose composure first, had he been at all aware, that is. John grinned. It had to be Sherlock first, had to be… fuck fuck fuck... “Fuck,  I can’t keep it going, I….fuck, Sherlock, I…” Planting small kisses on his back was what did it, the smallest of gestures, sending Sherlock toppling over the edge, his cock, harder than fucking steel, so very hot, finally pulsing in his hand. It was Sherlock’s voice though, a low growl, that made John give it all up, every last bit of himself, swearing from the exertion as he gave one final thrust and came hard.
"I was a good husband to her, yet even Mary was not above chiding me that my attention often lay elsewhere. I do not think I should wish to put another good woman through that."
John couldn’t help but reflexively look at the trousers strewn upon the floor, which were still stained with—
“Well it’s not as if your fellow fusiliers are good at keeping secrets. Your conversations are plastered all over the internet. And even if they weren’t, don’t you think that the comment from Murray about ‘3CW finally settling down’ was obvious enough? W is clearly you.”
I am a father. An adult. With adult responsibilities. I’ve got no room in my life for contemplating whatever the fuck it was we had going. It was more than a friendship, less than a relationship, and it was a bad thing to be thinking about when I was trying to rest.
I could not imagine anyone absconding with my heart. Still, if someone had, why should I not pursue it? Why should he not? There was no pressing need to consider financial reasons, and I was confident that social status was of no great concern to him. Besides, Mother was our only living relative, save Mycroft, and she had taken herself rather neatly out of the picture. And Mycroft could go hang.
“I was hoping so. There was a lot of planning involved to arrange it so I would end up having sex with you. If you want to be mad for awhile, I suppose it is warranted, but… I was rather hoping the cause for the deception would make it more palatable.”
The woman looked stunned-- as if the heavens had dropped a pale-eyed angel in the middle of Harrod's to impart this very special message-- but she still answered, regardless.
Too long to wait. John would have to find him on his own. He texted ‘He has John,’ and rushed down the hallway. His self had had to act so quickly he hadn’t even been able to accurately type out SOS.
“And that goes for you double,” said Sherlock, speaking to his counterpart, his voice muffled by John’s shoulder. “But you’ll be leaving soon, I should expect.”
“We are not actually in my flat. And we aren’t in another universe either-- not yet. This is the calibration room. I’ve been occupying myself with a minor experiment whilst waiting for you to arrive. Nothing terribly interesting, of course. I don’t have near enough time for that. Now that you are here, and the situation is more or less explained, we shall make a few adjustments and then be on our way, emerging from this holding area into the lobby of the hotel where Lord Moran is staying.”
Sherlock yawned, shifted out of the wet spot on the mattress, and drifted off to sleep, taking a moment to wrap John’s arm around his side and up toward his chest.
“Or, you could join me instead. Actually, I‘d been thinking, when I was out on the sidewalk for those ten minutes, five if you don’t count my trying to listen through the door, how sometimes you really need to live a little, you know? So, I’d suggest One If By Land, Two If By Sea. Shame we’d miss out on the atmosphere, cause I’ve heard it’s really something. Has quite the reputation. I’ve never been there. You?”
Sherlock looked at his preself. Had it have been another person wearing the same expression, Sherlock might have believed they were as truly indifferent as they appeared. Since this was some variation of himself, he knew better.
“So you already calculated that I would be willing to set aside all that happened this morning, just to get a piece of that perfect little arse?”
I sighed. "Yes, you most certainly did. Who would have thought the American public would be so easily offended?"
Sherlock’s lips twitched. He regretted ever having discussed John with his preself, even if the conversation hadn't exactly been a voluntary one on his part. This version of him was perhaps fine alone. Or, would have been. He was, in fact, so busy contemplating a version of a Sherlock Holmes who would never meet a John Watson that he realised there was a far more important element of the conversation which had nearly passed him by.
John gave Sherlock another silent assessment of consent, then slid his body backward a bit before turning toward his preself once more. “You’ve been just waiting for a reason. An excuse. Here’s your moment. Take it.”
"Why wouldn't a man such as he? He wants to be treated well here. Anyplace, really. And he’s not under suspicion. Not by anyone except us. So, me... or you?"
There is a line that refers to Daddy Kink. It’s not a dynamic featured in this story at all but it is something I find personally squicky/borderline triggery depending on my mood, so I am just throwing in a quick heads up in here. (John and I argued about him wanting to say it, and John won.)
I looked through the illustrations of roses now, believing those in the centre, closest to the heart of the bouquet (the red camellia), to have a deeper significance. Finding none which resembled the one I had sketched from memory, I began to look through the list of meanings attributed to various varieties of roses. The Prairie Rose, also known as a Carolina Rose, lacked an illustration for it was not native to England. Such an uncommon flower must have been expensive, even for a well-stocked florist, and would never have been included without intention. Rare as it was, its meaning was recorded nonetheless and was painfully precise: “Love is dangerous”.
McPherson was a man he had swam with frequently. And McPherson was dead. Here I was, childishly calling him out on having gone swimming with a man who was no more, jealous of the time spent. It was not as if he could very well swim in London. Why should he not do so in the clear turquoise beaches along the southern coast? And why not with a companion? Mortified, I was ready to pack my things and head back to the train station. Of course none would run until morning in any case, but, surely I could find lodging for the night.
“Not in this instance. The best advice I can offer is to keep a level head. Our emotions will be used against us. We are inside an experiment.”
John busied himself with his tea. This was it. The moment he had dreaded. The man who turned everything into an experiment had finally turned his eye toward sex in the same light, and now John would be boring. Oh, he had no concern Sherlock would find someone else more intriguing; Sherlock was immensely private about such matters. Almost coy. But something quite a bit less than vanilla was headed his way. And, well, sure, John was game, but how weird might it get? Well, pretty weird yeah, but he was open minded. Sex was meant to be fun. They could try different things. New toys? Ok, sure. Maybe fancy knots or something. Sherlock was good with knots and could teach him a thing or two. What if he did want to… bring someone else in? Well, he could try that. Maybe. Yeah, he could see Sherlock being into some strange things, to be honest, but it was hard to think of something John wasn’t willing to do to that remarkable man, if Sherlock wanted.
"I don't mean that negatively," he added quickly. " I meant, they fill in the gaps with richness. The notes themselves are of less consequence than the tone. And by the time she gets to the tenth movement, you will play the slower melody magnificently...and she will be so overwhelmed by gratitude for your presence that any other sins will be forgiven."
Praise made him blush. Made his speech just a bit awkward. Good to know. Good to know. John stayed right where he was and examined Sherlock with a whole new purpose in mind.
Sherlock’s preself warned, “And no heroics. This requires a plan. Don’t just tackle him, grab the suitcase and run. For all you know he will still have the detonator in his pocket and will blow you up.”
“Which ones?” He got quiet for a bit, and I knew he was deciding which ones I'd approve of and which I wouldn’t, and it made me smile. At least he was growing up right. Marie’s new man wasn’t Dad yet. I decided to help a little. “I like Doom Eternal.”
"Your cryptic nature is difficult to bear under normal circumstances, Holmes, but tonight it is maddening. Out with it, man!" I smiled and hoped I had tempered my irritation with affection.
The preself continued his sentence with only the briefest of pauses, "-- as some common acquaintance introduces us in, what, a lab, I suppose. That's where you were worried I wouldn't be. And then you cried, 'Yes, yes, this is the one!', and burst out into Etta James."
“Don’t care about her,” mumbled Sherlock. “I don’t exist in this universe, and neither does Mycroft. She has no one to rail against here. I’d suspect it is just idle curiosity, to watch us for a bit. Right now, I don’t even care that my sister is a possible voyeur.”
“As God is my witness, one of these days I shall find myself a new agent. He is harassing me yet again."
John's preself downed the offered drink faster than either of them had anticipated, smiled, and said, “Good thing I know who you are, and you're not just some random guy introducing himself via a drink and a bad pickup line."
Geraniums meant folly, stupidity, and a true friend. Broad enough to be either meaningless or a scathingly precise reprimand. It became clear to me that these flowers had never been intended as a presentation from someone to someone. They were still undoubtedly a message, however. And if my brother had chosen each flower himself, they were a message which he had created as his own reminder— it would speak with no less clear a voice within his head than the mingling of my mother’s and my own which frequently informed me that I would be just fine alone.
"Watson, this degree of care in my portrayal is hardly necessary, and though your concern is entirely without merit, feel free if you wish. I have already mentioned Maude Bellamy.”
might have been). But I digress. My selfish action was in portraying Holmes as a cold and heartless automaton, when he was nothing of the kind. But simply because he wasn't as inhuman as a Babbage's machine doesn't mean the man wasn't as calculating as one-- and more than a bit ruthless.
“— I simply lost access to the information. I looked for it. I truly did. I tried to open the locked filing cabinet, I toppled it over to push up the rod that controls the mechanism. There was none. I tried to pick the lock. To pry it open. Everything I did was unsuccessful. And painful. Each act of violence I committed upon that cabinet, I could
Beyond the attraction to Holmes I was furiously working on resolving, like many a widower I was angered by the implication that Mary was somehow replaceable. The heat of that rendered the compliment scarcely noticeable, and I do believe my thoughts on that front were clear as a bell, for Holmes appeared sullen and apologised. "My dear fellow, it was not my intention to imply anyone could replace your beloved wife. I am truly sorry."
"Ah! And I thought Martha only prepared that on special occasions. When Mrs Hudson had wished her to impress."
I’ve been a scoundrel, I know, in deceiving Watson once more. But this time, I had committed a far graver sin. I had forgotten him. It was my own shock in the realisation of having done so that had given the game away, for I would have been far better off to have added to my acts of callous deceit one of omission, and not made so abrupt a confession.
“Well, if I only wanted that, I would have kept us all in my own dimension and we'd be solving the case with the cheating university students. Instead, we are here, and about to prevent a major terrorist attack. If you don’t let yourself get distracted.”
Myrna Reszke was the meanest, most thoroughly unpleasant person, no, living creature, I had ever had the misfortune to meet. She was a patient during my final year of rounds. Geriatrics. No one wanted to go near her. She’d rip anyone trying to help her to shreds. Each and every one of us thought it was some unspoken, personal thing. Until someone finally brought it up over lunch. And it was at that moment that the supervising physician came in and then, we all knew. She hated everyone because she was in tremendous, continual pain.
Sherlock let out a sharp cry and reached blindly for John’s hands, grasping them tightly as his body trembled. John’s preself slid forward in anticipation. Sherlock barely managed to form “I” from his exhaled breath before the sound deteriorated into something far more like a whine. He came, then slouched backwards into John, who wrapped his arms around him and pulled him against his chest. “I’ve got you,” he said again and kissed his shoulder. “You OK?” Sherlock rolled his head to look up at John and smiled in response. “Good.” Then, a full minute later, Sherlock lifted his head again to look at John’s preself. He smiled at him as well. The preself only stared, mesmerised.
Lestrade was weakening by the minute, but still maintained his faculties. That he’d asked for us was something of a surprise. The good inspector had long since retired, and one would expect his final moments spent amongst family, or perhaps closer friends than Holmes and myself.
Sherlock placed his other hand on the chair as well and leaned forward over it toward John. “That fancy paper is a first degree black belt in Judo. I could take you in a fight, John.”
“I’ll do it. I’ll get treatment. Not from just any hospital though. And not just any doctor. There is only one man I need. One man who can cure me. Will you get him?”
I resolved to sell my practice and join Holmes in Sussex. I had business to attend to with Doyle as well. When I returned to London, it was with Holmes at my side.
“It turned out that way, yes.” He added three careful drops of a solution to his test tube. The clear liquid turned crimson.
"We are here together once more. Can we not, for no reason of import save this, replace a simple meal with a more elegant one? ‘Gather ye rosebuds while ye may.’”
“I remember what he looks like, thank you very much.” John turned his back to Sherlock's preself. “He will probably still have the briefcase with him. We need to get it if we can; it will have a bomb in it.” John then looked at his younger self, who was grinning.
As John stepped off the lift, Sherlock quickly shoved his mobile back into his pocket and embraced him, uttering a flurry of half-formed sentences. "I should have known, but...I needed to be certain, and...well, I..." He felt John tense as he noticed his preself was frowning and quickly brought his arms to his side.  "Oh. I shouldn’t —“
"Just like why do you matter? Not being another John's Sherlock?" He had meant to be a scoring a point, but there was a near grief, palpable between them. Sherlock continued on quickly before he risked hearing, ‘I don’t’. "Or... he meets him later. Like you might. Meet yours later. In retirement, or something."
“So... in and out." He paused. "It just occurred to me that that could be seen as a double-entendre. That was not my intention."
This newer John looked at him like he was an imbecile. “I don’t mean travel to other cities or countries. I mean travel through time. Be a traveller. I admit I ...don't know a lot about that stuff, and so few are allowed to do it. That you...that I... did is… well I must be doing something very important. Do I go back into the military? Am I working for the government? Don’t worry. I won't make any weird choices if I’m important enough to travel! Bet you can’t talk about it. That’s fine. Sorry I asked.”
are anxious.” Sherlock leaned over to kiss John. It was soft and gentle at first, but insistent enough to make John relax back into his former position. Sherlock took the opportunity to climb on top of him, straddling his frame. John had a brief moment where he did feel… off. Maybe just different. In this position, Sherlock was far bigger than he ever was lying down,and with his knees over John’s shoulders he seemed even smaller than he was, though John had never thought about it before. Now he towered over John’s much smaller frame. Maybe Sherlock was right. Maybe he was the one who was anxious here. Just a bit. But any sense of awkwardness vanished once Sherlock began kissing him. The initial softness of his lips faded as each kiss became more intense, more passionate, more demanding, until John felt as if he could lift this giant up and place him square down on his cock. Of course Sherlock, ever-perceptive, took that moment to lube John up some more and sink himself down.
"That email you sent was, rather suggestive for someone not very interested in sexual activity. If your sole purpose was to annoy Mycroft, well done."
He nodded. “Vaseline. Beeswax. Pretty much all improvised from Mrs. Hudson’s bathroom. I couldn’t just go out to my usual costume shop. Closed.”
“Well, she always did speak her mind. To hell with the consequences. I guess I just, always care about consequences. That doesn't mean I’m fake or anything. I’m just more cautious. You could even say more responsible.”
"Not my primary motivation. I wanted to see if you could slip between worlds as well. And I also thought it a fine excuse to see if John was with you, or if I had to go into your timestream and..."
Sherlock raised John’s arms over his head, crossed his wrists, and kissed him with as much lust, as much strength and power and dominance, as John had shown before. Sherlock spoke John’s name, his voice rich and resonant, impossibly deep, and John’s voice cracked in contrast, “God, yes, please…anything. Everything.”
"As you said, you would not wish to put another good woman through the difficulties Mary had borne with such grace."
“Something tells me you wouldn't have interrupted me to ask if they were all men, had that been the case. And Isadora is male. There is also James Philmore. Male. But the most dangerous of the lot by far are Briggs and Johnson. Briggs seems to have recruited Moran, which is unusual, as she generally works alone. Johnson has a crew working with her, a fairly small, but quite powerful, organization. The fact that Briggs is now seeking outside support may indicate that Briggs and Johnson have turned against each other. I intend to watch and wait. If they have each found a universe to dominate, they shouldn't make any trouble.”
“None. Ripped the fabric myself with a small cutter. Bullet never went near me. Deflected his shooting arm just before he fired.”
John pulled at the ropes. They were beginning to loosen enough to allow him to slide his wrists a bit. His preself was saying something else now, but John was too focused to pay much attention. He tugged the rope some more and the preself cried out, "Ouch! Ok, this is an odd thing to say to one's Self, but...are you mad at me? Honestly, I think I've managed to make good choices, especially considering the pure rubbish hand I was dealt. I have zero to be ashamed of, and I don't see why you are avoiding me. And I know you are, because I know what I do when I avoid someone. A few quick-witted lines to show I'm no idiot and then a bunch of short responses until they go away. So, aside from being new enough at this to manage to get myself captured and you lured into some sort of trap rescuing me-- could you kindly tell me what the hell I did wrong?"
He watched me assess them in silent judgment before clearing his throat and stepping to the side, hands gesturing at the display.
A car pulled up, and we headed toward Amsterdam. Thought I was seein’ things ‘cause, looking back toward 221B as we drove off, it almost looked like she was smiling.
His was a message of a hopeless love which nonetheless possessed one's entire heart. A love encompassed by fear, danger, a need for protection against anxiety and scandal, not to mention deadly foes. Warnings. The next layer was entirely comprised of conflicting emotions. The outermost layer...the one visible on the external edges of the bouquet, was dedicated to practical advice. The nobility and endurance of the thistle and the humility and loyalty of the bluebell.
He then smiled, as if he had a secret of his own yet-unrevealed. "You may proclaim to the world I distrust the whole of their sex, Watson. That should fend them off. But as it is, I do not mistrust womankind; I find them...to be of little interest. Though I must admit, why you should be so determined to present me as ineligible merits careful examination.”
Such was the case with the messages which lay hidden within my deepest thoughts-- they had not yet made themselves known to me, but were struggling for recognition, until the clarity of that fateful day in Sussex. I often wonder if clarity of the air is somehow linked to clarity of the mind. Perhaps that is why, when living in London, everything had seemed so murky. A polluted haze of emotion.
“Sister, actually. She’s doing really well lately, so I thought I’d pay her a visit. While things are still going well. Might not last, given her track record, but I did my part. What needed to be done.”
"It’s 'To Make Much of Time', actually. 'To the Virgins, to Make Much of Time'." He corrected me, and then grew quiet, as if reconsidering whether having done so had been a proper gesture. This concerned me, for it was not so like my Holmes. I wished him to know I took no offense. "Marvell?" I asked, attempting to convey a degree of casualness in my tone.
"Oh, but there is. It is a messy one. Matilda Briggs. And believe me, the world is not yet ready for her. Dr Weise's rogue assistant. I will have to come up with another explanation for our stopping her after we do, but that part’s not exactly difficult. The actual stopping, however, might be."
Doctor Watson had been correct in his portrayal of Sherlock Holmes as a machine. How could a machine ever understand my need for freedom? To not spend my days married off to some gentleman deemed “pleasant enough”? If I should have a child, would I have plotted to leave her, as my own mother had left me, unable to bear that yoke? I was fighting not just for mysel, but on behalf of the daughter I might someday have. Whom I might someday abandon. What would protect me from that fate, aside from a firm determination to remain...alone?
Mycroft was too pissed to even sigh. He turned to his ledger, saw the request which had been signed by a ghost--not dead, fine--and he stamped and initialed it in the next column. Back at his laptop once more, he moved to select delete, but then decided instead to forward the email to Sherlock; he could tell his own Self all about his "clean" flat-- good, he's off the drugs now, at least-- and his "supplies". He shuddered to think what that specifically referred to, given the purpose of Sherlock's last visit with his preself, but it was none of his business, and he was determined it remain so.
He wrote Moran 521 lightly on the paper and smeared the whole thing in hand lotion, and then placed the bottle in his trousers as well. He held it up to the light. Not bad. The preself walked back toward Sherlock, just to give him a victorious parting glance, and exited out a side door.
"John. You've seen the younger me in all my obnoxious glory. Do you truly think you are somehow worse? Your younger self is clearly intelligent and resourceful."
“So do we all go in and check it out? I mean whether we are inside the thing or not, we’d still be toast if it goes off,” John’s preself said.
"I am, indeed, a man whose ignorance of social niceties is only outshone by his even greater ignorance of astronomy." Holmes's smile was hopeful in its mission to be reciprocated.
"Seriously, John, I have no evidence this version of me has any clue how to manipulate timelines and is, in all likelihood, just looking to gather information... and you are making his job remarkably easy."
That he should wish for someone much like me in any capacity beyond a whetstone for his mind. That he should wish a... more physical embodiment of my presence... was indeed a revelation. I was certain it showed upon my features in a spectacularly unguarded manner.
“Yours has sodium laurel sulfate. It’s a foaming agent designed to fool you into thinking your teeth are actually being cleaned better. Higher-end and naturally-derived brands aren’t so foamy.  It’s a rather unpleasant sensation, I might add. Yours also contains above average concentrations of saccharine.”
"I had no idea you reread any of it! I thought you couldn't be troubled to read them even a first time!"
I remind myself that only fictional dogs do not require walking on a morning such as this one, as I try to find the motivation to extricate myself from what little warmth I have somehow managed to generate beneath my coverlet.
They lay quietly, just breathing, before Sherlock finally looked down with a bit of displeasure at the sticky mess plastered to the hairs on his stomach.
"Been done already. If you really wish to throw them off the scent, you should-- forgive the impertinence-- find yourself another wife.”
"To move on. I know." John's eyes spoke volumes on all that they'd been through, but Sherlock's preself was far too busy watching John's preself to have noticed. He trailed after him, clearly fighting a smile, knowing it would have been deemed inappropriate.
, rather? I doubted it. It seemed far more likely to be what Sherlock had alluded to this morning...something that wasn’t suitable for the pages of The Strand.
“Ah. It is nice to have one’s expertise acknowledged. I have studied a great many rare diseases.” He glanced at the badge I was still clutching in my hand and gave me a vicious smile. “A degree is but a piece of paper when set against a lifetime of study. But if you know Holmes, perhaps you also know this. He is a talented man.”
“I saw a graphic online. Well done one. Anyway, it said if you are trying to prevent World War II by killing Hitler--”
Mycroft rolled his eyes, and then turned his focus to John, ascertaining just what he knew about the previous trip.
Sherlock holds the phone at arm’s length to capture a perfect selfie of him with what he knows to be a rather exaggerated grin, a thin slice of thoroughly embarrassed, red-faced John alongside him.
"Yes. I am particularly drawn to the passage where we hide behind the curtains." He turned back to face me again and frowned. "Perhaps it is worth the telling." He sighed and reached for his pipe. "Watson, I was abroad for many years, as you well know. I went on a spiritual quest of sorts. The birthplaces of the great religions of the Orient. Though the Church of England taught me gratitude, it did not offer up peace of mind. I wished to avoid London, leave you to start your new family, and me to conquer my vices. Neither of our paths went quite as planned, Old Boy."
“Well. Yes. Good. Again, sorry to have bothered you. You’re welcome to go back to your magazine.” John folds his hands on his lap, shifts his shoulders, and stares straight ahead, looking pained he hadn’t chosen a window seat.
“It was created by people you served with, so one must take into account that the overwhelming majority of codes or simple acronyms would therefore have to be viewed in a sexual context. Furthermore, it was an obvious dig at your becoming exclusive.” Sherlock smiled at that. “Three what? Three countries? Hardly much of a boast. Must be continents. Although to be honest, that isn’t much of a boast either. At first I’d thought it might have been a joke at your expense, but you stubbornly ignored it, which gave it far more credence to having been an accurate assessment.”
“Yes,” the preself replied. “Matilda Briggs, Alicia Johnson-- also known as “The Cutter”, Isadora Persano--”
From last week, when Sherlock had convinced John to go check out the company that was offering scholarships, interest-free loans, and other financial benefits to gingers. “But John, my hair wouldn’t take to it nearly as well!” And he had been right. Sherlock dyed John’s  hair, and dear God had it ever felt good, those hands of his running through his scalp. The memory of it was almost enough to make him forget that that same man had secreted some of the dye and used it to make a suitable stain against his trouser leg and splatter it upwards toward his all-too-white, so as to be nearly transparent, shirt at an opportune moment.
, indeed!) far too uncharacteristically sentimental to be valid, it was neatly wedged in-between reminders of both my incompetence as a storyteller and my lack of insight as a...helpmate.  Furthermore, the story's conclusion was something any competent medical man could have spotted in an instant. Yes, whilst chastising me, he made it clear I should have been there beside him to solve the case. If such a case ever truly existed. I wouldn't have put it past Holmes to have made up the thing in its entirety.
Well, sort of good. He hadn’t expected Sherlock to be down for the count so quickly. He just wanted something to put him in more of a pleasant mood, so maybe they could still try that—
Also, do mention to my Self that although I have maintained the same Montague residence, it is a bit cleaner nowadays (yes, that means exactly what you think it means); that I have stocked up on certain supplies, should they be warranted (and yes, that also means what you think it means); and that I need his assistance with a case.
John had no qualms about arguing the point, while Sherlock remained quietly taken-aback. “Our mission is to stop Moran," said John. "I think perhaps you have forgotten that fact.”
during sex. Then maybe Sherlock would talk. And wouldn’t that be a thing? Once he started, Sherlock would probably never stop. It wouldn’t take long for Sherlock to analyze himself, assess things, assert his own control... and that was a good thing. An excellent thing. He would speak up, and John would provide. But for now...deduction. Never before had he thought of himself in this way— doing what Sherlock does, in a sexual context. He’s always done this sort of thing, though. Always tried to be a few steps ahead of his partner. Adjusting. Compensating— without overcompensating— for his, well, that was when he had worried about such things. Not anymore.
“Oh. Oh, I forgot to tell you. Greg said there was fresh paint. And he also said not to go breaking into his office again if you know what's good for you.”
“Not done exploring you yet. That can wait. Just a bit, though, I promise,” John said, careful not to thwart his efforts too much. After all, that was what they both wanted, just… “Patience,” John said. He could feel Sherlock still trying to move his hips forward, meeting the resistance from John’s weight. Sherlock liked the resistance, then. Good to know.
“And 3C had to be Three Continents. Which I am confident include Europe and Asia, but the third is still beyond certainty. I was initially inclined to think Oceania, but a strong case could be made for—”
This other John seemed uncharacteristically quiet, and he kept forgetting that this version of himself didn’t actually know Sherlock’s capabilities. And the other version of Sherlock had never met that John before today. It boggled the mind to think about it, so John made his best effort not to. He would certainly have preferred to have been tied back-to-back with Sherlock. But. John H Watson, in any incarnation, is not a bad person to be tied to. Though his preself had a bare minimum of military skill and training, he likely still knew how to fight. How to take a good, solid hit and keep on going. That might be important. He chuckled. Yeah. Thanks, Dad, for being inter-dimensionally abusive.
John had been with his fair share of men in his days in the service, but he was younger then. Less confident. He nearly cringed thinking about how often he had gone through more or less the same motions, knowing it was always effective. Oral sex, and lots of it. He had become quite the expert. Could eat someone out for hours when he wanted to. And he wanted to. He wanted to now. Wanted to taste more than Sherlock’s tongue. Wanted to taste his cock, his arse, that goddamn thigh with traces of red hair dye still lingering on the perfectly pale skin. Wanted to give it a good slap too, or a bite. Make it another type of red entirely.
"Exploring worlds. Once Dr Weise said it was possible, I wanted to see for myself. Remember what I said about truth versus crazy? I picked a world. And then, having explored it, I picked another."
"That's not it. I will explain it later. I will even provide a demonstration to remove all doubt. But, not yet. And that isn't what had you so concerned at any rate.” The preself gestured with a quick movement of his head to John. "Returning his little flirtatious comment with one of my own... that's considered being polite, no? So he won't feel too rejected when I turn down the next, inevitable, thinly-veiled offer to go along with the one he just stopped short of finalising. Just making you both feel better, implying I at least understand what you see in him. I have no desire to bed my Self and my future husband."
“Okay then. Uh..John...can wait by the ice machine. He will get a good view of the hall and the elevators...and I can.. pull a fire alarm, and then everyone will leave their rooms and…”
He turned some more pages. “‘ Whence came Toby, and a six-mile limp for a half-pay officer with a damaged tendo Achillis', that one was attributed to me, by the way."
“I have often said you have this penchant for romanticising cases. It’s because that’s what writers do. And you are a writer moreso than a chronicler, much to my chagrin at times. And you wanted it to work somehow. But it is not their destiny. No reflection on us whatsoever.”
“That's not the same John. Just as we are not the same Sherlock. Each one of us functions in his own little universe, independent of each other, with our own personality quirks.”
I never thought I’d hear someone say that in real life. That and the lingering accent combined was surreal.
Maybe we should go out. Like, really go out. At a fancy place with candles and all that shit. I think just suggesting it would be enough. He’d know. And he’d say yes or he’d change it to somewhere else and I could read into that. Ok, fine. If he gets through this, we get through this, that’s what I’ll do.
Holmes jumped out of bed and knocked the phone out of my hand. I stood staring at the spot on the carpeting where it had landed, then turned to watch Holmes catching his breath. That was it. I had had enough. “You don’t understand what you're doing. So. We are past words now. I’m going to do what needs to be done.” I watched him panting out of the corner of my eye as I slowly picked up the phone.
“John Watson, as if you didn’t know already.” John takes it, and Sherlock frowns slightly. Whatever this is, or could be, he has blown it already. It doesn’t generally go over well, knowing things.
I bristled. “I understand the need to conceal my true relationship, but I have no desire to invent a false one out of whole cloth as a means of doing so.” It felt an affront to Mary’s memory.
“So, we are both visiting another universe? Is a third incarnation of me in the loo, or are we just dimension-sitting for him while he goes on holiday? Gathering the post? Watering the plants, which of course I am aware there are none, because this is exactly the same flat I had in 1995.”
That, combined with the flowers themselves, suggested it was illicit. And yet, I could not imagine that to be the case. My brother is an honourable man. True, I know little of him, his having left when I was so very young, but I liked to think I knew him. What I was certain I knew little of was love itself.
"Right. When I am grey and feeble and we... fight the forces of evil as old men. Hobbling through the streets of London after criminals."
The preself cleared his throat. "That's...strange. Personally, I think your John would do well to stay away from him."
“Let me remove the word numerous. It’s misleading in this context. Leave it as ‘one of your girlfriends’.”
“Yes, but, he just jumped right in like he was in his own damn action film, and now he’s just going to be a self-righteous dick about it. About
He read it once more, still hoping it was some sort of elaborate hoax, but deep down he knew the email was from his brother.
features, you might just be a bit... transparent. Do add something about the lady as well. Golden-haired blonde, blue-eyed, perfect complexion. That sort of thing."
Later, I ascertained the true issue. I was currently devoted to an intimate partnership. I had, with an embarrassing lack of self-awareness, been in one for many years. And, as Holmes had said once of the greatest of criminals, there comes a particularly dangerous time, when they have been carrying on seemingly forever, and they start to get bored. They want to talk. They want...to get caught.
“I haven’t exactly reached that level of impulsivity. Dinner? I think all they have is a biscuit or a pack of pretzels.”
“Everything here!” John plunked down on the edge of the bed, as Sherlock reached down to undo his laces and get a bit of rest.
"Look, you two go enjoy... yourself. I'm going to go grab some food from the vending machines. This travelling stuff is making me hungry, and I know you both won't be eating anything on a case, so.... Hash it all out, and then let me know what we're gonna do." John headed to the lift.
John’s preself didn’t budge. Sherlock looked at John, a question flickering in his eyes for just a moment, and then resolving itself. Sherlock’s preself shut the door quietly and leaned his back against its surface. He folded his arms as well, and kept his eyes locked on John’s preself.
“Not needed then.” John flung them aside. “I mean, I guess it’s overkill, but I just wanted you to be comfortable.”
I gave my card to the venerable Mrs Hudson, one of the few with my actual name upon it, and fidgeted with the seam of the bodice upon my rather plain dress. I was not wearing the elaborate gown of Miss Viola Everseau, nor her wig, faintest rouge, and birthmark. I looked as plain as ever, certain my nose once more commandeered my face in a less-than-regal manner. This was in part because I wished to see Sherlock whilst I was dressed as my true self, and in part because I wished to maintain that disguise, should the meeting prove unfavourable. I was led upstairs to the parlour.
The rest of the day had been uneventful. Sherlock had been reading and rereading the papers, relentlessly searching for anything out of the ordinary which could have even the remotest chance of turning into a case. John had suggested earlier that he go to the morgue. Well, what he had said was something more like, “Why don’t you go beat a corpse again if you are so bored. I can’t stand you when you’re like this.”
“I don’t care about all the other John Watsons out there. The other version of me said that there were some worlds that don't have a form of us in them at all, some where we never meet, and some where we hate each other. I’m selfish enough to be glad it is me who has the honor and privilege to live in the best of all possible worlds.”
John didn’t kiss Sherlock anything close to gently. John claimed him. As Sherlock began to kiss him back, John grabbed him by his coat and pushed him backward into the wall, setting about removing every bit of clothing he could manage while his partner remained pinned in place.
"Waxing poetic? To think, I once imagined you ignorant of such things. We shall have to propose a toast with our supper. Perhaps, 'To the Virgins Who Make Much of Time'.
“Ok, you wanted to, and I fucked that up, and now you are just going to be petty about the whole thing and what, take our sex life hostage? And you didn’t say anything at the time, though god knows why, and decided to just go along with it anyway! Why?”
After a few months, it seemed as if Holmes had no longer found it desirable to remain separated by an unwieldy train ride (though he would never say so directly). He had informed me that he would simply charge an exorbitant sum to the next "royal twit" who came to him with stolen papers for which they had not taken adequate precaution, and I needn't work again for the foreseeable future.
It had been Mycroft, after all, who had attempted to lure me with a false message within the pages of the Pall Mall. I began to wonder to what degree Sherlock was complicit in this ruse. Perhaps, having proven to be the less traditionally-minded of my two brothers, he might be more in common with our mother than I had initially supposed. Some of the traits I read of within Doctor Watson’s accounts seemed to support this view. Still, it was all too clear to me that he would find the degree of freedom my mother had attempted to gift me with (my mother’s name, Eudoria, means gift...perhaps as telling as mine, which backwards spells alone) as highly inappropriate. I thought upon Sherlock’s name, then scolded myself for having done so. A logician should not concern oneself with such things. Besides, ‘Sherlock’ means fair-haired, and he did not remotely fit this physical description. Though seeing Mycroft as a plot of land felt strangely apt.
"He keeps inquiring as to the name of the hospital where I convalesced. He says there is one which claims to have treated me, and they wish for me to write a short piece to be auctioned off for their fundraiser."
John had been working on the theory that his self was here on some sort of medical conference. He’d recalled several over the years, one hotel was indistinguishable from another… large, carefully-neutral conference rooms with crystal chandeliers meant to somehow add elegance to any situation, and the thermostat was always set just a bit too warm. He asked his preself if that was why he was at this particular hotel. This new John looked shocked.
It was later that afternoon, shortly after lunch, whilst warming ourselves by the fire and enjoying a pipe, when he finally ferreted it out. Of course he had waited until after I had confessed my rationale and extolled his every virtue: his brilliance, his humour, his magnetism, his looks, his charm-- how his myriad positive qualities would find him likely to be pursued by any woman with a modicum of common sense-- before informing me it was completely unnecessary to take pains to prevent such pursuits.
John rested his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “It doesn't mean he’s dead, Sherlock. Or even not in the government. It only means the phone number has changed, that's all.”
Sherlock ignored John’s preself and dialed up Mycroft’s private number. A paint shop picked up the line. Sherlock disregarded the blind and asked for Antarctica. They all heard the reply over the mobile’s earpiece: “We have ‘Polar Ice’. Is that what you mean? What brand is it?”
Sherlock continued to glare at his preself. "I did not lie. Are you happy now? I told you John existed, and here he is. I know there is no pressing case. What do you want?"
John’s preself glared at him and climbed onto the bed. John slid out from beneath Sherlock and repositioned himself behind him. “I’m sure as hell not gonna be kicked off,” he said, and began to kiss his way down his spine. Sherlock threw his head back and gasped. “Just a change of angle, is all.”
John sidestepped the experiment and threw some leftover rice and paneer in the microwave. He was hungry and had little patience for this conversation on an empty stomach. Sherlock glared as he walked past with his plate. He wasn’t going to put food down on the kitchen table. That was long since off limits. He grabbed a tray and angled his chair toward the kitchen.  “Everything okay?”
"When you lose an old love, you return to an even older one...in her case, music. The notion of children are supported by the items she was purchasing."
John took a moment to look Sherlock over once more. Panting slightly, still fighting for control. No, for composure.
"I had said "damage it," in the original manuscript. I remember now. Doyle said 'through' was more dramatic. I didn't think it mattered."
He headed down the hallway in search of a maid's cart and pilfered a black plastic bag used for clothes to be sent out for dry cleaning, a notepad, a pen, and a tiny bottle of hand lotion. With no rollerball pens up front, this would have to do. Returning to the lobby, the preself strode right past and sat at the workcentre located down another corridor. He tore a sheet from the notepad, ripped off the hotel information on top and shoved it into his trouser pocket. Then he folded his jacket as neatly as possible and placed it in the bag. Finally, he unbuttoned a bit more of his shirt and tousled his hair.
"Yeah. I'm sure he's happy with that, and that's what matters. You know how I meant that. Quit being on me for everything I say. Look, I'm sorry I got you into this mess too, but I wasn't exactly expecting to see some guy eye me as he went up the stairs, only to flip back around and come up behind me and shove a pistol to the back of my neck.”
“I know it wasn’t the right way to have handled it… what I had done the last time we were here. I owe you an apology,”
"Holmes, you seem much taken aback this evening. I am tempted to look through your notes to find some anniversary I have somehow forgotten. Perhaps a more melancholy one. Certainly not Mycroft's passing, for that was in June. Neither of us have remaining kin. No one save each other. A friendship which supersedes all kinship, in my assessment."
“Because I am not one of your girlfriends. I’m one of your… As puerile as it sounds, I’m one of your boyfriends.”
The only issue at hand was, were they truly meant for Sherlock’s own sake, or were they meant to be delivered to someone else? If so, they would be gone by the end of the day. A wilted bouquet sent a message all its own, after all. I had to see if they were still there in the morning. If they were gone, they had been meant to warn another. I was not sure which scenario was the better one. To send such a bouquet could only be a firm response to some inquiry, but one item of singular importance was missing from the message if it was to be a reply. There had been no variegated carnations,whuch would indicate a firm “no”. Indeed, it  was a bouquet filled with warnings, reasons it wasn’t feasible, and advice, but it lacked rejection.
John looked over at the love of his life, expecting to find him scowling at a case file. Instead, Sherlock was asleep.
Omare was doing remote schoolwork, but his teachers had been merciful and gave him a packet at the beginning of the week, due by the end. He did it all by Wednesday, and it was Friday. I think. Time had lost its grip on me already. It didn’t help that I hadn’t seen him since the lockdown. I couldn’t fathom exposing him to that risk, not when he could ride this thing out with his mom.
John could handle things. He needed to let John handle things on occasion. It was important. For their relationship. He steered the conversation away from the Johns downstairs.
The preself sighed. "Fine. This is where I should say I owe you, and offer my help. Except I don't."
I nodded and rang the bell, and the doorman eyed me dubiously. I flashed my badge with my thumb over where it would have said MD. “Doctor Watson here for a consult with Doctor Smith.” He smiled slowly, like he knew something I didn’t. It was unnerving, but I kept my cool. “He won’t be expecting me, but I assure you it is an urgent matter.”
Sherlock took a deep breath before continuing. "Yes. It seemed odd back then too, his passivity during the arrest. I might have looked into it at the time, but, he was already in custody. And I had a life to try to get back. With the crisis averted, it had seemed best to..."
“Someone like that would have made their presence known in every dimension, including ours. Plus, a delicate balance where each leaves the other alone and has their own world to dominate? Unlikely to the point of impossible.”
"The descriptions also are written in a remarkably similar manner, but with dissimilar entry and exit points--"
“Look. You live in a miserable space over a pub. I could use a flatmate and you tolerate me more than most. Plus, you wanted to be adventurous without being too far over the line of normalcy.”
He laughed. "No. Let's leave it at my distaste for all things emotional. You have already established that well."
. Gibson started The Gold King discount jewelry chain somewhere out West, and then moved here. LA, maybe? Might have been Las Vegas, because they said his wife had been a showgirl at the Rio. Jilted wife frames the Au Pair by making her own suicide look like a murder. Drugs herself and falls off the bridge. When the body finally washes up at Little Bay Park, article in the Post said, “Even fears about the potentially deadly coronavirus couldn’t stop a small crowd of people from gathering around a dead woman who may have jumped from the Throgs Neck Bridge on Friday, though police have not ruled out foul play.”
"Exaggerating my.... if anything I am underplaying them! This blasted leg aches whenever it is sufficiently cold or wet, which, in this bloody climate, is damned near constant!"
“Yes, well--” The preself crossed the room at an overly-quick pace to end up at the curtains, which he threw open to reveal not a view of the street, but a larger series of buttons and dials. He checked them a few times, flipped a switch, and then finished his sentence by indicating the window with a flourish and saying, “--shall we?”
John’s preself chuckled. “I sure didn’t.” He grabbed his clothing from a pile near the bed and began to dress.
“I’m not asleep, John. I’m just thinking. And I do have a few ideas on this case. I’ll make some notes and return the file to Lestrade. And then, yes, we can absolutely try that new sexual activity tonight.”
John finally shuts his open mouth and nods once, tightly. “Well. Sorry to have bothered you with my… I have no idea what to call it, I guess. My… weird… family… thing. I hope you’re not too offended.”
John: They never did get the lift to fit in. There's just a ladder to climb up to the top floor. Says they couldn't sue McMahon because the contract was valid. I bet he left town quick.
Dude was ugly for sure. Ugly wrapped up in an old fashioned velvet smoking jacket. Bald head with a huge round face, menacing grey eyes glaring at me under tufted eyebrows, but his body was tiny and frail. “What is the meaning of this?!”
“Not an issue. There was… a lot I needed to say that I couldn’t have done. You knew I needed something which would force me to push all my annoyance aside and cut to what really mattered. That you knew how to stop the timer all along was—“
"I assure you there would be no negative outcomes to any scenario that crosses my mind as likely to occur."
"I... wasn't certain it had even happened, meeting another me and being somehow entirely unaware of it. That she wasn't just crazy. Crazy is notoriously difficult to distinguish from truthful, as you well know-- both believe what they are saying with all their heart-- so I wanted proof. She showed me how to bring the memories back. Later, when I returned home, I confirmed the events she had helped me access-- by the state of my bedroom." He turned the top corner of his mouth up, in what was almost, but not quite, a smile, and faced John. "We are supposed to meet sometime after Lestrade saves my life." He turned toward Sherlock next. "You can safely tell me exactly where and when, you know."
“Because…. Because…. Because he is too damn happy about it, that's why! Because the other me thinks that I’m the wrong outcome and he's the right one and we diverged because I made... bad choices. That’s why!”
The response was faster this time, the phones from the same timeline somehow synching up more efficiently?
John looked at his self and shook his head slowly. Sherlock steadfastly avoided his self, looking at the carpet and taking a quiet breath. John wanted to take his hand, but he held back. The preself might make some snide comment, and John really didn’t want to fight the urge to deck him if they had to work together to get this done. “Callous indifference and reckless abandon make a surprisingly good team,” John said, as the two preselfs continued their discussion.
"Ah. But it is my lot in life to also think of scenarios that are...less predictable. The improbable, as it were."
It got quiet. Real quiet. I let it stay that way for a while longer. He still deserved to wait a bit.
I know he had once accused Doctor Watson of seeing without observing. I had observed without seeing.
"And I am looking forward to meeting this other Sherlock." John winked. The man actually winked. Mycroft would not be drawn into this sordid conversation by responding.
“Never.” John pinned Sherlock against the brick façade of the fireplace and started kissing him. “Maybe we could bump up our plans by a few hours?”
“So that was what you were trying to prove. That you are of equal value to me. That’s why you were so determined to find the information on your own.”
The next flower had been a peony. Happy marriage...and shame. A hydrangea for frigidity, heartlessness, cruelty. The illustration’s alternative interpretation read, in its pristine script, “Thank you for your understanding.”
Sherlock left the room, and John waited a while for his return. It wasn’t the first, nor, John hoped, would it be the last time Sherlock had what he had once referred to as ‘post-coital inspiration’. John was proud of this, too. His small contribution to Sherlock’s genius.
“Kinda funny... if I worked here and then ended up going back for a medical conference years later.” The preself gave John a quick up and down. John could see him mentally adding ‘a lot of years later’. He wasn’t that much older. And anyway, nearly dying a few times’ll age you a bit.
“I can relate,” John’s preself added, “Though I have to admit I kind of liked feeling as if I had more purpose.”
“The best way to act a part is to be it. Mrs. Hudson, you can come in now, they’ve got him. And I could really use a pitcher of your switchel, if you don’t mind.” He turned toward the Lieutenant. “And I’d handle those goggles rather carefully when you place them in the evidence bag. Maybe use the chopsticks next to the kitchen sink. I suspect what they are coated with also weakens nitrile.”
John straightens himself, gaining a few inches of height in the process, cocks his head and looks Sherlock directly in the eyes. “Look. I don’t know who the hell you are, but you can come clean of it right now. She put you up to this?”
He turns toward his seatmate now. There is a certain dull expression in the eyes. Not that he seems to be all that dull a person, really. Just...there is something missing that was once there before. And not just before the war. Before… Before something. Sherlock is absolutely in over his head now. Not his area, helping people. Maybe if he could get more information, he’d have some idea what to do next.
I winced. "Thrice...makes these so-called 'dedicated' readers think I either created a fiction or encountered some sort of magical single Jezail bullet which passed through my shoulder and one part of my leg, only to finally lodge itself within another part of my leg?"
“But if we can’t change its location in space, we can change its location in time, right? Keep it right here, physically, but send it back to prehistoric London and let it kill some dinosaurs?”
, Healthspring is a copyrighted name. They’re an insurance company, recently merged with Cigna. That was lingering in the back of your mind when you needed to create a return address label for an imaginary business. We always seek the familiar by instinct. It doesn't matter whether you confess or not. They have you in custody and now we know where to look for our evidence. The chain is complete. All I needed was to make sure I wasn’t missing any minor details about how you murdered your nephew, like some false alibi you’d brag about, which we would then have to take into consideration. But once Watson-- Watson.” He looked down at his hands, his fingers still showing the tiniest bit of what I now knew was Mrs. Hudson’s purple eyeshadow. “Lieutenant, are you finished? I need some recovery time. I assure you no food or drink has passed these lips in three days.”
I let us in, and Holmes hadn’t moved since I left him, though now his eyes were closed. I automatically tracked his breathing. Steady enough. His lips and the skin under his eyes had that distinct purplish tint I was afraid of. It hadn’t been there when I left. I wondered if this English dude with a face like a snowman in a blizzard even knew what that meant, or if he just figured signs like that wouldn’t show on dark skin and wouldn’t even bother to check. He might know a lot about viruses, but I knew what they did inside people. I tried to get the point across without forcing him to acknowledge his deficiencies. “The indicators of cyanosis around his lips and eyes are new symptoms that must have emerged during the time when I went to get you. He had labored breathing when I left, though.”
The problem, however, remains: the magazine is boring beyond words. Hopefully this ex-military officer with the fading tan isn’t. Sliding the magazine back into its hiding place, his mind spares a moment to imagine the February issue making its clandestine way around the world before the inept British Airways cleaning crew notices its existence. He secretly roots for its emergence in New York, triumphant. A half-turn shift, and he is now facing the stranger.
John wrapped his hands around Sherlock’s hips, thrusting forward, angling himself down. With a bit of anatomical luck, he could just hit his prostate. On the deeper thrusts, at least. At the very least, this angle would give Sherlock ample friction against the sheets.
John, sensing Sherlock’s unusually passive demeanour, stretched his right arm forward and wrapped it round the top of Sherlock’s thigh. He stopped just long enough to say “I’ve got you,” then crossed his arms firmly against Sherlock’s stomach in a sort of embrace. Sherlock pivoted back toward John, who moaned in appreciation. John’s preself registered the movement, and realised that he had been making little use of his hands. He slid them along the inside of Sherlock’s thighs.
Sherlock was lying on his side, facing the doorway, where John stood transfixed. He didn’t have a stitch of clothing anywhere. John cleared his throat at the sight. He found himself about to say that full nudity was not...exactly...necessary, but was glad he had stopped himself in time. What would have been the point of that? Sherlock was no idiot. He knew what was necessary and what was...more than that. This was not meant to be an exam. Well then. Time to shift gears.
“Yeah, yeah, you got a fancy piece of paper in a frame. Sure. Besides, fencing is hardly masculine, Sherlock. Prancing around in leotards poking each other.”
I pushed the chair aside and began to pace. "Has it never occurred to them that walking long distances when one slightly favors one leg can cause strain on the juncture of foot and calf, and that it was not...
“Of course you are. It makes sense. For what it’s worth, I’m not much interested either. I mean, you are attractive, both of you,” he glanced at the Johns, “but...not exactly what I see in my future. No offense.”
And with that, John took off his jumper with a dramatic flourish, then his shirt and  trousers, which he flung to the floor, and finally his pants.
"Well, I tried to delay the possibility by becoming more competent, but given that he," Sherlock gestured disdainfully at his preself, "never even thought of me as remotely capable of the emotional and physical demands of a relationship, I --"
“Remember what I said about you sucking me off? Yeah, I do think maybe we’ll just try that now. Shift backward.” He released Sherlock just long enough for him to slide down the bed, grateful Sherlock’s mattress was so large. John wanted to be sure to have enough room at the head of the bed so he could pivot his weight forward if he wanted to. He couldn’t fill Sherlock’s mouth up with the sheer size, but he could still create a similar effect.
“Ask too much of it and it might become unstable. That's why it is best for the two of you to stop Moran. It is consistent with events which have already occurred elsewhere. But still, you are suggesting we attempt to fool this universe into thinking that what Moran willen had done is something minor. That arresting him before Parliament is attacked… a huge explosion now no longer occurring...is a minor, acceptably remedied glitch?"
Sherlock looked grim. “This is extremely dangerous. Yes, we could find something like that, if it exists. But we are better off doing this through conventional means. Such as having him arrested. Last time, we had undercover agents posing as hotel employees bring him in. That would work. But we need to prevent him from using the bomb in the meantime. Which means tailing him. Doing that without being seen is next to impossible. He knows we will be trying to stop him.”
“Yeah” John pulled Sherlock back against his chest. “What about Moran? He needs to leave this dimension.”
Also, did you know that even if you aren't aware of ever having been inside a bubble, the bubble itself leaves trace energy? (Oh, so many things you do not know. How frustrating for you!) Not visible to just anyone, of course, but very visible for those who know exactly what to look for. Like Dr Weise, who contacted me along with all the other Travellers. She is quite thorough and knowledgeable; she told me all about how to avoid fucking things up. Though I do believe I will keep that information to myself.
“Different? I thought it was the same,” said John. “Just… a different place on the timeline. Maybe some minor variations?”
“Ah, still yourself enough for that, so that’s something. Thirteen or so hours treating infectious patients. Do you think, for one second, that I am not going to have a look at you because I am worried about my own health?” It hurt, honestly. It hurt and I let him know it hurt. “You are sick. You need care. And I’ll do right by you. As your doctor, and as your friend.”
John: She gave me a pamphlet. Right. Beams. And it was built by this McMahon bloke who promised them a 480 foot tall building but...
John closed his eyes and took a deep breath and cursed his mobile’s failure. He shot off a quick text to Sherlock.
“And one can assume that with Harry being older and theoretically having come out earlier, it didn't go particularly well. That would have pushed you back into the closet.”
“I like what I’m seeing. But don’t think I’m not going to tend to that leg first.” Clearly it couldn’t be that severe an injury if he was able to put all that weight on his left side. He stepped forward to examine Sherlock’s leg. Sherlock’s pale, absolutely pristine, leg.
“Watson. You have many things you are remarkably good at, but I hope even you will admit lying isn’t one of them. It was a terrible thing to have done, but I saw no other way.”
There was little point in denying it. "And if I was? That is hardly an excuse for me to speak ill of a close friend of yours, now departed."
I started to move the goggles and gloves off the table to clear some space when Holmes hollered again. “Dammit, man! Are you trying to have me get up and run over there? You know I can’t stand when you mess with my things, but there you are, just waiting ‘till I‘m weak enough for you to go fidgeting around when you know it makes me anxious and all I want to do is get some goddamn rest! Didn’t they teach you that at med school? To let your patient relax and to not antagonize him!? Leave my things alone! As if it makes a goddamn bit of difference what the table looks like when you are just about to leave! Now, go wash your stupid-ass hands and get the hell out of here!”
"You refer to the cocaine. I believe I have removed all mention of it in my recent stories, and perhaps in future editions I could be--"
“But then—well, now, actually, just a few months ago—she started going to this new therapist, and she was right back into it. Picked up where she left off twenty years ago. Told me I was just scared to date a bloke. I told her it wasn't that. It was just that it’s hard to just meet a man and, you know, chat him up, because unless it’s in some gay bar— and I don’t think I’m about to just hop into one of those— not that there’s anything wrong with that, mind you. To each his own. But I’m a bit old for that sort of thing. Anyway, if it isn’t a gay bar, you can’t really know, can you? I mean, sometimes you might be able to guess, if someone falls into some stereotype or something, but that’s not exactly something I… well, basically, I told her I dated women because it is easier to know where I stand. Not because I’m hiding. She said it was just as easy to chat up a bloke as anyone else, and if he wasn’t gay, well, then he wasn’t. I’d find out soon enough. And if I guessed wrong, no one would care.” John looks around the cabin. It seems a little late for that, if he was worried about being overheard. Maybe there is something else he is nervous about discussing. “I don’t usually ramble on like this.”
In retrospect, it seemed obvious. Of course he knew flower codes. He knew all manner of codes. All sorts of secret messages. He was far too good a detective to remain ignorant of any method of clandestine communication.
“Yes,” both Sherlocks responded simultaneously, then both looked embarrassed for having done so and turned away from each other.
“I'm not really surprised that you murdered him,” said he. “Wanted you to know. Secret dies with me.” Closing his eyes, he passed to the great beyond.
“Test case. To know if it is possible. I am far from certain. I want to understand every nuance of how travelling works. As I have nothing tethering me here, I want to be able to explore different dimensions, and if I happen to see something that isn't quite right, I want to know if I can fix it or if all my efforts-- no matter how well thought out and complex-- will still prove futile. This is an experiment. And one in which I do not wish to participate; my purpose would be to observe.”
“Technology not of the era you are presently occupying only works intermittently at best. Yes, there was texting, and mobile calling, but not an iphone and not easy online access. Keep trying and we will eventually get a picture to show John II here. Your John will have to rely on his memory. Hopefully it is still sharp.”
There were important cases at stake. He had always known Sherlock had located those Pembroke letters entirely too quickly for a neophyte.
The preself glared. "So I am to be grateful to you for leaving me in a state where I couldn't care less if I lived or died, because it ultimately led to my meeting Gabe Lestrade?"
"True." He was lost in thought, perhaps nostalgic for the days where we followed suspects in hot pursuit. "But certainly, a man such as yourself might wish to have a second wife. There is no shame in that."
“Ah! You are one of those who believe flowers to hold some purpose other than the practical one—providing a pleasing scent. Why should they not be placed by my front door to greet me after braving the fierce assault upon all the senses, certainly not excluding the olfactory, which we call London?”
"Doesn't matter. You're just sugar-coating it. Trying to say it's about anything more meaningful than getting off."
The signature on the release form is from Dr Weise, and I expect you might be curious as to how and why (though you should already know the answer to at least one of those questions) a dead woman's signature is appearing on a release form. You have my word it is authentic-- not that that counts for much.
It was far from the first time they had shared a laugh at my expense. Many readers might think Holmes lacked anything as deeply humanising as humour, and I confess to encouraging that misconception. If ever there were a singular selfish action of mine it was not in my abandoning him for a wife-- for one could scarcely say I had abandoned him during those years, no matter what Holmes claimed during his brief foray into storytelling. Mary's time within this Earthly realm was cut short, but she always was amenable to the many hours, days, sometimes weeks I spent with Holmes. Not... in any overtly romantic sense. I was not yet aware myself of the depths of my attraction to him (though in hindsight I strongly suspect
"I am well aware you foiled a previous criminal attempt by Moran,” the preself said. “I need you to do it once more."
“When it comes to writing of sordid topics such as murder suitably for consumption by the masses, there is much to be less than forthcoming about. Though you are correct to not doubt Watson’s sincerity. He is straightforward. Even when he changes the stories to protect the innocent, he feels obligated to inform the reader he has done so.” He looked at me a moment more before turning to the fireplace and poking at the coals therin. The poker seemed slightly misshapen, and I wondered if it was the very same which he had straightened with his bare hands after the threatening visit from Doctor Roylott. “The stories may be presented as fact, but within them lies a good deal of fiction. Still, you are a young girl, Enola. There are, things, with which you might not be so well-acquainted, as well as things which the public is not yet prepared to read.”
I made it there in under 20. God, he looked like hell, even from across the room, but that didn’t stop me from heading straight to him. As I hit the doorway, he yelled at me with what sounded like the very last bit of his voice. “Stay back!”
“I mean, hello,” he corrects himself. It is the barest suggestion of an apology, a verging-upon-insignificant change, yet the officer...lieutenant?..captain…? somehow manages to pick up on it, and smiles.
"It wasn't, though." Sherlock gave a half smile. "It ended up far more emotionally complicated than either of us ever anticipated. And, I can see it even more clearly now, after meeting me again. It was worth a try, but, I didn't really want it."
"So, you are saying we won't affect each other's timeline because we run on different tracks,” John clarified.
“Yes! Change! Do you have any? You’ll need change. Pennies. Copper is resistant to pathogens. Do you have any pennies?”
I rubbed my thumb against the smooth skin of his cheek, leaned forward slowly, kissed him softly. I knew not the degree of experience he had in such matters… whether the last time he had kissed anyone at all was poor old Agatha, or whether he and Stackhurst or McPherson, or even (and I dared not dwell upon this) the both of them, had done far more than even this simple act. It made no difference who it might have been, if anyone at all; all that mattered was that it had not been me. And my own experiences had not been with Holmes. It was not a question of throwing the book of my life upon the fire and rewriting it. It was merely a matter of writing a new chapter. And this we did, upon that night. I will not set an account down within these pages, as it is hardly necessary to reiterate how two people in love for many years might choose to express it. But let me merely suggest, express it we did.
