The landscape outside the window didn't seem very different at all. The top floors of the glass-walled towers around them, with names of corporations and agencies in huge letters, were just the way Steve remembered them. When he craned his neck to get a glimpse downwards, he saw that the ground was hidden in a shadowy haze, as always.
That was slightly surprising; Steve hadn't thought Tony would have any ambitions about taking on that responsibility. "He's in charge of Stark Interplanetary, now?"
The scene stopped still for a brief moment before the Kingpin's words sank in, and then, everyone flashed into action at once. The thugs by Maya's sides pushed her over the edge, ignoring her shouts of protest, while the most enthusiastic of Tony's guards bowled him over, sending them both tumbling into the waves, the splashes of the two men hitting the water following only a few seconds after Maya's fall. The other mobsters were a little slower to react, some of them stopping to kick off their shoes, shrug off their coats or take off their shoulder holsters.
"No, thanks," Steve said. That'd be an easy solution, but he thought he could start working towards a better, though more difficult one. He walked over to the couch by the wall next to Tony's desk and sat down. "What if I said I wanted to talk?"
Far too soon, it was almost midday. As much as he wanted to stay, he couldn't brush aside his sense of duty for the things he needed to do, let alone the foreboding feeling of the night's meeting getting closer and closer. He needed to get out there, back in the real world, where things weren't as simple and sweet as they'd been in this drab hotel room.
Things he's designed have already killed far too many people; he really doesn't want to be responsible for more.
Around Tony, fires were erupting here and there, people's clothes spouting flames, a pile of timber turning into a bonfire. The heat felt overwhelming even from where Steve was standing, searing hot on the unprotected parts of his face. With it came the nauseating smell of burning building materials, fabric, and worst of all, human flesh.
He hated that he couldn't trust his body. He couldn't die now. Not yet. Not when his job wasn't finished.
He sat, and waited, and tried to think of what he could possibly say to make things better. He wasn't sure such magical words existed; he'd really made a mess of things, and nothing could erase that.
"What you did was the most logical choice in a difficult situation," Steve says, his fingers curling around Tony's, not letting go.
"Okay, fair enough," Tony said, and pursed his lips. The depth of emotions on his face was more than Steve had seen in the other Tony's features at any point. It looked familiar. The way it should, the way it had before. "Long story short: Hi, Steve. It's me. Really me. That other guy out there? That really isn't, even though everyone else thinks so."
Steve kept his eyes closed, pretending to sleep, while listening intently. Tony would probably not expect Steve to be able to hear the other half of the conversation. In reality, it was easily loud enough for him to hear every word.
They’d been angry and now they were obviously turned on, but this couldn’t be just emotions running hot, this was feverish temperatures and heart rates that were excessive for the situation. These numbers and warnings were shouting at Bruce that the slimy substance coating the two men wasn’t just unpleasant after all. It was causing physical symptoms.
"Move along," James added, placing his good hand on Tony's back to guide him towards the cells. It was firm, but not entirely ungentle.
He'd gotten to the scene a few hours after the first firemen—Bucky had called him as soon as he'd realized this was worth investigating, and then it'd taken him a moment to put on his costume and drive over to Red Hook. Of course, at first, there hadn't been much for him to do, anyway, but wait for the flames to be put out entirely. The firemen he'd talked to had said the whole thing was freakish; that it seemed far more intense than they would've expected from a fire in a supposedly empty building. That made it exactly the sort of thing Steve was looking for.
Tony reached out to take hold of Steve's forearm in turn. "No, it's okay. Really. All I want to say is, I won't hold a grudge if you won't."
He considered himself mentally well-disciplined. He had to be, for his job. Still, when he retreated to his bedroom, he struggled to push away the memories of what they'd done there mere hours ago—or that it might've been their last time together.
He wished Steve were here. Even though the Mayor sometimes reminded Bucky of him, she wasn't the same. Steve wouldn't have left someone without food and water for days to get them to cooperate, or kept them in a windowless dungeon for weeks, sleeping on a cold, hard stone floor. He would've found some other, better way.
He looks good, Tony has to admit, and wonders what Kamski thinks of him in return. Probably that he seems pale and tired. This isn't some public appearance, so he didn't go through the trouble of trying to hide the bags under his eyes or the trace of a bruise on his cheek from his most recent mishap in the workshop.
The body he'd been born in was gone. All of his friends would have moved on to new frames by now, if any of them were even alive anymore.
"I helped capture him, and I was his warden since the beginning." As Bucky went on, the words started to flow easier, everything he'd wanted to talk about for so long spilling out. "They rescued me after the crash, they told me the dinosaurs were evil and that Tony was evil, too, and I believed every word of it. I thought they were helping people, so I wanted to help them. I didn't realize it was all backwards. Even when I saw them do things I didn't like, I still thought they were in the right when it came to dinosaurs. Tony tried to tell me the truth, and I wouldn't listen. Not until it was almost too late."
Sam set his mug on the table and crossed his arms. "But you've known him since you woke up from the ice. This isn't something that just happens to people overnight. If you never suspected anything…"
The exchange seemed to stretch on for a long time, although in reality, it couldn't have been more than a few minutes. In the end, the huge dinosaur bowed its head slightly and snarled, then backed away, disappearing into the greenery.
Everything he'd learned about dinosaurs after he'd woken up here had centered on fighting them. He'd learned their strengths, their many defenses, horns and claws and tails and thick skin, so that he'd be prepared for those, and he'd learned their weak points so that he'd know what to target. He didn't know a thing about how to handle them. He didn't have a lot of experience dealing with animals, in general, and definitely not ones that were around the size of an elephant. Besides, he wasn't even supposed to think of this being as an animal. Stark kept saying they were as smart as humans.
The night has been miserable. He's desperately tired, since he can't have slept more than a few hours altogether; short fits between feeding more sticks to the fire and trying to drive away the cloud of mosquitoes that are out for his blood. It also didn't help that the ground underneath the parachute fabric is uneven with pebbles that he missed while clearing it out, and the sun stayed above the horizon all through the night, as if it'd forgotten how to set properly. Now, it's on the way up again.
Tony smirked at him and ran his hand up to take Steve's chin between his fingers. "You think I'm still pretty?"
"Right. Of course," Tony says. He hasn't stopped to consider it, but obviously, even if he's making an effort to get along with Steve, that doesn't do away with the fact that the authorities are still after the ex-Avengers.
When he turned back towards Steve, Tony put his hands on Steve's hips, ready to get rid of his pants. Steve stopped him, grabbing his wrists gently but firmly. "No, it's your turn next."
Within the span of the few minutes he spent in Steve's company, he already started to consider Steve a person, and no matter how much he tells himself that's an illusion, he can't make himself fully believe it. Of course, the amount of time he's spent thinking about Steve's counterpart in the cave certainly doesn't help.
He couldn't dwell on that, not right now. He had to figure out what was going on. He'd been trained for this kind of thing, for waking up in a new frame and being on top of the situation, no matter how bad things were.
There was another drone on the living room floor, as unmoving as the first one had been. Pepper guided them past it. Instead of the elevator, they seemed to be headed straight for the windows on the other side of the room.
Tony gave Steve the most genuine smile he'd seen yet, and patted him on the back. "Well, that was a first day's work well done. You saved me. Thanks, Steve."
He'd tried everything he possibly could, except for talking. There was nothing else left. He'd tried not to think about Steve, he'd tried to hide from Steve, he'd tried to cut Steve out of his very cells. None of it had worked.
"I think they were aiming for 'intimidating' with the design. This included." Steve took his cock in hand, feeling the texture that wasn't quite like human skin, its surface ever so slightly too cool and powdery under his equally not-quite-right fingers.
It takes him a few minutes, but eventually, he finds what he's looking for under the android's armpits. As he presses down on both sides, the skin covering the android's torso fades away, turning into smooth white plastic. With the silver seams between sections in plain view, it's much easier to locate the next catch he needs, the one that allows him to open a chest panel.
The Kingpin made a low hum of approval, his lips curling to a smile that somehow seemed even more menacing than his disapproval had. "All very good ideas, Dr. Hansen. Thank you for them. I think you've served your purpose, now. Dispose of her." He waved his hand again at the two thugs guarding her, an offhand gesture, as if she were barely worthy of his attention, and turned his back to her, approaching Tony instead. "Subdue him," he ordered. "Should be easier in the water. I'm sure a few of you can swim."
That wasn't the reaction Steve had been expecting; he'd thought she'd either be surprised, or try to deny Tony's involvement. "So, you think he might have something to do with the fires?"
He's nearly prevented from seeing Tony at all by an officious receptionist, who is adamant that Tony Stark is not in this hospital, and that it's a ridiculous claim that he ever has been. Luckily, Steve can be very persuasive, and is eventually able to get in touch with Tony's nurse, who confirms that he can take a visitor.
A heaviness still lingered inside his chest, so that breathing took more effort than it should, but he could tell he was better, the sunstone charged, his heartbeat strong and steady thanks to it.
"I swear I had nothing to do with that," Hammer said, his glass still raised. "I've told you already. If I wanted to kill you, I wouldn't be so brutal about it."
The android doesn't react at all. Yinsen does, calling out from across the room. "Stark? Did you say something?"
He let out a low chuckle. Here he was, comparing the merits of different ways to die. Almost like the good old days before Dinotopia. Except that back then, he'd usually had Rhodey to tell him he was being stupid.
Steve struggled to keep his expression under control, to hide how much this unnerved him. "They won't be any more successful."
"They may have changed when I found out about this quirk of yours," Steve said, pulling Tony snug against himself and grinding their groins together. He was half hard already, and going by what he could feel, so was Tony.
Steve had to bite his lip not to blurt out "Was it Tony Stark?" right away. His questions still came in an anxious rush: "Was he okay? Where did he end up? Did you find out who he was?"
Tony headed straight for them, his expression somewhere between amused and contemptuous. "So, your latest, Justin?"
Steve had no objections to being in a more submissive role tonight. "Obviously I understand the importance of this examination. Go on," he replied.
Bucky bit his lip. There was one glaring problem with this. Five minutes would be plenty for a fit man, or dinosaur, to run to the exit, but Stark couldn't even stand. Bucky knew he couldn't realistically consider carrying Stark all the way out and who knew how much further, so that they could be sure they'd shaken off any pursuers. He glanced at the mysterious vehicle that Stark had been building. It bore a striking resemblance to the horned dinosaur currently standing next to it, and it looked quite ready.
Pepper and Happy didn't question his words, but got up and followed Steve as he headed towards the elevator that'd take them back to the floor where they'd parked the car.
The camouflage was a precaution, one of several they were taking. When they'd contacted Fury, he had told them that so far, there was no all-points bulletin for Steve or Pepper due to the events surrounding Steve's escape. Stane hadn't gone to the authorities about it, which supported Tony's guess that he wanted to keep it quiet to hide his blunder from Hydra. Instead, Stane had been granted the liberty to operate his drones freely around the city, which he'd asked for based on a vague concern for personal and company security. That meant Ultron would be out there looking for them, even if SHIELD and the NYPD weren't.
He'd even let himself get a little excited about it. He'd thought it'd confirm what he'd already guessed. Instead, he'd gotten the opposite: an impersonal form letter telling him that at this time, no one in the database matched him. It'd come with a disclaimer that like all genetic tests, this wasn't foolproof, and also that the negative result didn't mean there was no one out there for him, just that their data wasn't currently available.
Steve really didn't need it. He'd known what he'd answer before Tony had even asked him. He was aware that some of his feelings might come from a need to latch on to something familiar, an anchor connecting him to the past, and that his emotions were generally running high after everything that had happened, after reuniting with Tony and then almost losing him right away. Considering all that, he knew there was a risk he might feel differently later, when things were settled down, but he'd deal with that if he had to.
Tony reaches out in Steve's direction. Even if it's a slightly uncoordinated movement, the intent, telling Steve to stay put, is clear. "No, no. You don't need to go," Tony drawls sleepily.
It was all good and great, except for the part where he kept waking up every night, drenched in sweat, from nightmares where he felt like his chest was cut open or he was drowning, or where everyone around him was dying because of something he'd done. Not to mention the constant presence of the arc reactor as a reminder of what had happened, and the thought of how fragile it made him. And then there were memories of Obie crouched over him with the cruelest smile on his lips, his eyes cold and merciless. Tony had trusted him. He would never, ever have believed Obie would try to kill him. He tried not to think about it too much, because if he did, he might start doubting everyone around him, and he had to admit he sorely needed the few friends he still had. He couldn't start doubting them too, or he'd go crazy.
A second too late, Steve realized what he should've already guessed: the reptilian's feet were similar to their hands, bare and ending in long talons. They caught on the fabric of his pants, rending a long tear in it, nicking his calf.
Now that they'd admitted it and were beginning to accept it, the fact that they were a match felt natural and familiar. Still, there was excitement in it, too. Like being around a crush. There was another long conversation there, waiting to happen, but having it in a hospital room wouldn't feel right.
He thought back to the last things he could remember: the mission in the Amazon with the slimy abomination, Tony pushing him out of its way, both of them ending up in quarantine, where—
What he didn't like about this plan was that he wouldn't be able to take the dinosaur prisoners with him, but he intended to leave the castle in such a chaos that the others could use that to slip away. He still had many details left to figure out, though, including how he was going to get the saurian prisoners out of their cells and free of their shackles. It was something he spent a lot of time thinking about while he worked on his building project.
He picks up some rocks of a suitable size and approaches the birds as slowly and stealthily as he can.
He sighs in relief as the view around him comes into focus and turns out to look very much like a generic hospital room, with nothing particularly sinister about it. Considering how many things he's hooked up to, he'd guess intensive care. That probably also means someone's keeping an eye on his numbers, and he can expect company, because he's pretty sure his heart rate and blood pressure just spiked.
"We can do more good if we don't have to spend all our time and resources on sorting this out," Rhodey said.
Looking around, he didn't think any of the half a dozen strangers who were also in the cafe had noticed anything unusual.
Steve had never seen any part of Iron Man without the armor before this. His hands had long, slender fingers, and they were scarred and callused in a manner that spoke of hard work. That made sense; Iron Man had mentioned he often worked together with Tony Stark on the armor, and he'd shown his mechanical skills on the field many times.
"Yes," Tony said, without wasting time or breath. "I'm not feeling good. Any chance we could call this a day?"
"I've been a bit unfair, haven't I, making you wait so long?" Steve teased him, running his thumb over the precome beading on the tip of Tony's cock, his other hand roaming up and down Tony's thigh and side.
Steve leaned in to press a kiss on a relatively clean spot on Tony’s forehead before getting up. “Sit tight. I’ll be right back.”
Tony had raised his glass to his lips to take a drink, and at Steve's words, he let out a sound that was half chuckle, half snort. For a few seconds, it seemed worryingly like he might end up choking on his beer, but then he recovered and shook his head at Steve. "You're really something, aren't you? I try not to, if I can avoid it. I'm sure you must've shattered a few in your time, though."
"Very good," Tony said. He bent lower to press a kiss against Steve's lips, his cock brushing against Steve's stomach. It was a kiss that felt methodical, and very thorough: Tony started with a soft, close-mouthed touch, then opened up, sucking their lips close together, and following with tongue, exploring, meeting Steve's from different angles as if mapping its shape and texture.
Finally getting a proper look at the thugs he'd caught, he recognized one of them as the same rat-faced man who'd walked away with Tony last night. That was good. It had crossed Steve's mind that they might've tried to run away simply because they were common criminals and had been spooked by the sight of Captain America. Although the second man, who was bigger and had several pronounced scars crossing his face, wasn't familiar to Steve, there was a good chance he might know something as well, if he was in league with the first man.
Steve's hands were still holding Tony's. He ran his fingers up and down Tony's forearm in a soothing gesture. When he spoke up, it sounded apologetic. "Okay, I think that's enough for now."
Tony instantly thought of a dozen protests to what everyone was saying—to Jarvis, because he was almost certain he could stand up and leap into action right now, if he needed to, and to Steve and Bucky, because he didn't like the idea of putting his friends in harm's way. Before he had time to actually give voice to his disapproval, Steve had grabbed him in a hug again, and Seren had sat down on top of his blanket-covered legs. Bucky grinned, his expression more relaxed than Tony had ever seen. Not too far behind him, Pearly-eye was giving them an amused look as well.
"Okay. Exactly one month from now? I'll be there," Tony says. "Just send me some coordinates beforehand, so I'll know where 'there' actually is."
When the phone was picked up again, it wasn't Tony's voice at the other end, but still the receptionist. "So, I asked him, but he didn't want to take the call."
"Well, that does make more sense." Tony held out his hand for Bucky. "Pleased to meet you, James B. Barnes."
Around Tony sat the whole group who'd help him escape his predicament: Steve, Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Natasha, Clint, and Fury, as well as the lawyer they'd brought in, a man named Nelson with a friendly-looking blond frame and a sharp, conservative suit that somewhat clashed with it.
He still needed to find Tony. Pepper had said Tony would probably be staying somewhere in the city. There was a chance that he'd fled, after yesterday's altercation with the mob, but if he hadn't, maybe Steve could find him through some regular detective work.
Tapio gives a small shake of his head. "Better hope you can warm him here. You can take my sleeping bag."
Tony swallows. Kamski has no idea how badly that hits a nerve. "No. I feel like a murderer," he says glumly.
Steve tried to come up with a plan, though he wasn't even sure if he should try to help Tony, or to stop him. He didn't think he could get through to Tony. He wasn't sure anyone could. The thought crossed his mind that maybe, if he took off his mask and revealed who he really was, that might distract Tony—but it was already too late.
"Just guessing here, but, you know, maybe she sticks around because she actually likes you," Bruce suggested.
Steve must've let his surprise show on his face, because Stane reacted to it, but luckily he'd misread it. "That's right," Stane said. "Is it finally starting to sink in? Whatever you thought you could gain by coming here, you've failed. Actually, why am I still talking to you?" he beckoned at the two drones by the door. "Ultron, subdue this idiot."
Could she have meant it in the most concrete sense? That Tony wasn't Tony at all, but someone else posing as him? He would've loved to think that; to believe that the Tony he'd once known lived on somewhere else, but he couldn't bring himself to. It would be wishful thinking to reach for such a far-flung explanation. Combined clone and identity theft was one of the worst crimes out there, and even if he could imagine someone wanting to supplant Tony, he couldn't see anyone actually succeeding. Tony wasn't just one of the richest people on the planet, he was also among the most intelligent.
The next few days passed in a haze that was less pain and more sorrow than the previous ones. His misery over his own grievous injury and his bottomless sadness for losing Steve merged into something so overpowering that he didn't know if he'd ever get over it.
Steve thought long and hard about moving to the Tower. It was a tempting offer. It would be nice to have people around him who had at least some idea of what he'd been through. Then again, considering how Tony was behaving towards him, he suspected Tony didn't really want him there, and had only included Steve in the blanket invitation because it would've been odd to exclude one person. He didn't know what it was that he'd done to offend Tony, but he didn't want to make Tony more uncomfortable. Living in the same building with him could get really awkward.
Steve could ask Tapio for directions and leave, make his way to the town and then back to his team. He'd be done with all this. Tony didn't want his help, and Steve doesn't owe him a thing. And yet, even though he keeps telling himself that he shouldn't care about what Tony does, abandoning him in this cold and rainy hinterland would feel wrong.
"If you're sure we can move him," Steve said softly, running his fingers up and down Tony's arm where he rested on Steve's lap.
Steve frowned. "Surely they must've had external backups?" People as astronomically rich as the Starks didn't have to trust their lives to a single backup node implanted at the neck, like ordinary people.
There was a faint smell of smoke hanging in the air around them, and going by the movements of the car, Rhodey was running evasive maneuvers. Not the best setting for a potentially life-threatening procedure.
Steve bit his lip. He needed to be more careful; regardless of what Tony remembered or didn't remember, he hadn't heard the details of the rescue yet. "No, no, I meant the older things. He didn't catch me, even though he thought he had. How much do you know about what we did to get you out?"
"Having a bit of sensory fluctuation is really common with swaps. Especially in a brand new organic after you haven't been in a frame for a while," Steve said. "It should fade by the end of the day."
In the daze of this realization, it took him a while to notice the strange tight, tingling feeling around his pinky. He raised his hand and slowly uncurled his fingers, first wondering if he'd hurt himself throwing that last, savage punch, but the touch of crimson that he saw on his finger was not blood.
The older fireman crushed that hope right away. "Yes, one other. He stumbled out of the apartment just when we got here."
"Okay." Steve reaches out with his hand, holding out two fingers. His skin retracts to reveal the bare white surface of his chassis as he presses them against the identical material at the center of the reactor.
Steve was happy to hear that particular law was still in place; AIs had their uses, but the moment you started transferring artificial minds into humanoid bodies, it would blur the lines too much to his liking.
Steve squeezed him tighter with both arms around him, his chin on top of Tony's head. "Oh, no. No. I swear this is real. I'm here. I'm really here, and I won't let go."
Steve backs away from Tony, letting go of him entirely and tensing up. Clearly, the moment is lost. "I can't. They wouldn't understand, and they might report me to CyberLife, who'd send someone to take me away."
He had to stop thinking about Tony, or he'd spend the entire night distracted. He stashed the leftovers in the fridge, and pictured himself leaving the unwanted thoughts there with them. He'd return to all of that when he was back. For now, what really mattered was the mission.
"Point taken, though you did start. Santé." Hammer raised his glass a little more and brought it to his lips.
He hacks into a military database to see what androids they employ, but all of them are models that he already saw in the catalogue. He dips into the dark web to look for black market sellers, and comes up empty. He even explores what information he can find about Russian-built androids, even though he knows that won't give him any answers. He may have been held captive on Russian soil, but there's no way his savior wasn't built by CyberLife.
There was no more spark of hope inside Tony's chest, just cold, dead metal. He should've chosen his words better, and now it was too late.
"Well, it's not about the clones," Pepper said. "It's about figuring out how he's set up his external backups."
The certainty with which Clint had announced he'd have no trouble killing Stane's frame and taking out his node in one shot had been disconcerting—Steve was glad the man was on their side, and couldn't help but wonder about his background. He wasn't going to complain, though. It made that part of the operation a lot simpler than what they'd initially prepared for, since it meant that only two people were required to implement the first step. That left a larger crew for the trickiest part: the kidnapping.
His emotions flipped from overflowing joy to crushing concern when the dinosaur got closer and he could see more detail.
Steve wasn't sure if Tony wasn't at ease with this renewed closeness, or if he was giving Steve space because he didn't know what Steve wanted. Steve hoped this wasn't too much, too soon; it was hard to imagine how Tony would feel about this, when in Steve's subjective timeline it had been less than a week since they'd last shared a bed.
He gets up from his chair to crouch in front of Tony, bringing one hand to frame the thirium reactor. Tony does his best not to flinch at the touch; he really doesn't like it, but he feels like he owes it to Kamski to let him have a proper look.
Tony sat down next to Steve, looming over him, placing one hand lightly at his throat. It was enough of a reminder of the previous scenario to bring up the subconscious terror, and Steve flinched in his restraints, but there was nowhere for him to go.
"Not that it wasn't good before, but this is amazing." Tony shifted his hands to the back of Steve's head and pulled him into a violent kiss that made Steve's lips tingle.
A part of him wanted to tell Iron Man to go away, because he didn't want the man to think less of him, but the need for friendly company and conversation won over.
Steve had to be feeling all this too—as far as Tony knew, the synchronization was always reciprocal. Then again, he was pretty sure there were no precedents for matching with a super soldier who'd spent decades in accidental suspended animation. It'd be just Tony's luck to be the first example of a failed, one-sided match in the whole wide world.
The place was stunning in a rugged way, almost like a charcoal drawing: the landscape consisted of nothing but black rock and the sea, dark aside from the foamy white tips of waves. Their whoosh mixing with the cries of flying creatures that Steve couldn't name—perhaps some distant relatives of Sam's skybax companion—made for a soothing soundscape as well, but Steve was far too tense for it to settle his nerves.
When his alarm rang at four in the morning, he felt like he'd only just closed his eyes. Ironically, the face that looked back at him from the bathroom mirror didn't look tired in the least. There were some advantages to synthetic skin. Unfortunately, his human mind needed to shut down properly every night, even if it was currently running on an artificial platform.
"No," Pepper said right away, then stopped, frowning, her fingers clenching around her cup. "I don't know what's going on with him, but I can't imagine how he could be. I saw the damage at Jan's house. She's his friend. He wouldn't do that to her. And that fire yesterday, I heard someone died?"
"What fountain?" the Kingpin asked, looking from Tony to Maya. "First you promise me valuable antiques and magical artifacts, then you lie and say you didn't find anything, and then when we push Stark a little and find out he's gained these very unusual talents, you claim that he took what you found. Your next story had better be a very good one if you want me to believe a single word of it, Doctor."
Randall was standing behind the bed, as if hoping it could protect him from Steve's wrath. "Technically, our gene engineers, but it was a commissioned work," he said defensively.
"It's not selfish. I'm so sorry I couldn't help you more." Tony really had thought he could, and he'd failed. It was his worst regret. When he was gone, the dinosaurs would still be prisoners. He'd done nothing to change their life for the better.
As for himself, Steve drove home to regroup and consider his next steps. It seemed obvious which of his two options he should pick for tonight. He wasn't sure there'd be anyone around at the university in the evening. He didn't even know which specific faculty or department Maya Hansen worked at, so he'd first need to contact someone who could tell him that, and office hours were already over. It sounded like something he'd have more luck with in the morning. Whereas for the shady dealings of Suave Simon and his accomplices, they'd be more likely to be around in the evening.
Once again, he's reluctant to let go of sleep. Now, it's mostly because he expects it will confirm that Steve is nowhere in sight, and has never been around in the first place. He does manage to drift off for a little longer, but eventually, he can't avoid facing reality again.
It's obvious he hasn't done this before, and clearly hasn't downloaded some sexbot's software to cover for his inexperience. It's a clumsy kiss where Tony does most of the work, with Steve's mouth unmoving against his. He doesn't mind. It's still among the most memorable kisses that Tony's had; the not-quite-human feel of it, Steve's lips slightly too unyielding, a little drier than a human's; the chemical taste that Tony thinks has to do with thirium. He keeps it brief and chaste, strictly no tongue. He doesn't want to overwhelm Steve, after all.
The news stories also confirmed that five years after the death of his parents Tony had lost his mentor, a man named Obadiah Stane, who'd been running the company with him. Stane's passing sounded no less suspect than those of the Starks; it involved a viral attack that had spread from his physical clone to his external backup. The fourth death, the butler Edwin Jarvis, had been a year after that. Mr. Jarvis had been the inspiration for Tony's previous AI. Steve could imagine that the AI had reminded Tony too much of him, and that might have been why he'd changed to Ultron.
She turned the smile towards Steve, but he wasn't placated by it in the least. He was still seething at what had been done to him. "So, is it you I've got to thank for this, then?" he growled at her across the room.
"I'm sorry to hear that, Steve." Natasha placed her hand on his shoulder and gave it a light squeeze.
Whatever preconceptions Tony had regarding CyberLife androids, Steve blows them all out of the water. He will follow direct orders, sure, but he's as far from some mindless automaton as a space shuttle is from a paper airplane. He always makes it clear he has opinions, and never hesitates to speak up when he disagrees.
Even before his eye-opening stint in the cave, Tony sometimes speculated about whether JARVIS thinks of androids as a related species. Cousins, maybe, if not brothers. Still, whether he does or not, JARVIS doesn't
They'd sent a few of Tony's samples out for DNA sequencing, and confirmed that the experiment had had no detectable effect on his INCS in any of the tissues they'd tested. Not that it'd been a big surprise. Clearly, the synchronization effects between them were as strong as they'd ever been.
It was kind of amazing, really, but Tony felt okay talking about that, too. Maybe it was because he was sick and probably on lots of drugs—not to mention that he'd just re-evaluated a whole lot of life choices he'd made, and realized how dumb they had been. It just didn't seem so important anymore, clinging to all the resentment, especially when he'd always known he'd forgive Steve sooner or later.
He hadn't actually lived on the streets; he'd been luckier than that. His mother's apartment had been a dozen floors up, a much better situation to be in. But with a high rent to pay, they hadn't been able to afford the indoor playgrounds and parks on the higher levels, let alone preschool, so down and out in the open had been where Steve, Bucky, and his other childhood friends had spent their time.
Less a minute since the scuffle had begun, he had both men pinned on the floor, and he was barely out of breath himself.
The woman spent a good few minutes examining the coat, squinting at the fabric, even sniffing it. "It's a very nice coat," she finally announced. "What would you be asking for in exchange?"
Steve had felt a twinge in his knee as he'd moved, but now that it had passed, he could barely notice the ache. "A little. It's not that bad."
Steve had gained something of a reputation himself, or rather, his alter ego had: the Captain was every illegal frame peddler's or bio-weapon trader's worst nightmare. His real name wasn't known outside a small group of colleagues at SHIELD, and since he tended to do each mission in a different frame, none of his enemies knew what his true face looked like.
"And you feel okay, otherwise?" Steve checked, starting to wonder if he should've hurried to take Tony in for first aid anyway.
That only made Bruce look more upset. "It also has the side effect of making people spontaneously combust! I don't know who this mysterious match of yours is, but they're not worth killing yourself over."
Tony spent a lot of time crossing such challenging terrain, himself. He had no intention of letting the Northerners take him wherever they were planning on going, and he could use their lack of experience to his advantage.
Maybe that was all it was. Steve wasn't sure if he believed that. Even if this was the real Tony, the one he'd known in the past and not an impostor, Steve still didn't know this present version of him. There was a gap of over eighty years between them, and he couldn't claim to understand what was going through Tony's head.
There could be no mistaking his intentions. Steve had done this song and dance before. His earlier, hopeful hunch about Tony's preferences must've been correct. Tony had seen the way Steve had been looking at him, suspected Steve might be interested, and now he was testing the waters. If Steve didn't want to be flirted with, he'd turn Tony down. Which Steve probably should've done. He didn't.
The woman broke out laughing, the sound cold and mechanical coming from her cheap fake frame. "In cash!" she repeated, like it was the funniest thing she'd heard all day. "Do I look like an antiques dealer?"
"Funny, that. So am I. Do you happen to know someone named Simon? He's supposed to be a regular here," Steve tried.
Most of the group had turned around, hurrying away from the threat at varying speeds. Some of the humans who'd been riding the large sauropods had fallen to the ground as their steeds panicked and reared up, and were being helped back to their feet. It was obvious that everyone was deeply shaken by the attack; people born on Dinotopia had never faced open hostility like this. Tony, of course, had seen plenty of it.
His breath caught at his throat, and all the strength seemed to leach out of his new legs. Randall stepped in, offering Steve an arm for support, and it was all he could do to let himself be led back to the bed. He realized he was trembling.
He wishes he had something to eat. It's been well over twenty-four hours since he last had anything, and even that was a sandwich instead of a proper meal. A way to light a fire and something to burn would be good, too, but he has no easy way of getting either of these. He'd have to descend to the valley, where he wouldn't have any shelter. Since he's not about to starve or freeze overnight, he decides to stay where he is, try to nap, and look for food tomorrow.
Steve woke up again, still in his bed, and yet, not in his bed. He knew he hadn't been naked when he'd gone to sleep, like he was now. The room looked like his, with all the furniture as it should be and the bed sheets the same ones he'd gone to sleep in, but the shackles chaining his wrists and ankles to the bedposts had definitely not been a part of the decor. He yanked at them, but as he'd expected, they were solid. He didn't think he'd be able to break them, no matter what.
Overall, it really helped to have other people around and other things to focus on, like the threat of an extraterrestrial invasion, or a spy organization secretly building weapons of mass destruction. For several hours after that brief moment of panic on the Quinjet, things were perfectly fine, so that Tony almost managed to convince himself he'd in fact imagined the whole thing—Steve was a handsome guy, maybe Tony had just massively, embarrassingly over-interpreted a mix of post-battle endorphins and a severe instant crush—but then he found himself standing inches away from Steve in Bruce Banner's lab on the SHIELD Helicarrier, and he felt it all again, just as strong as the first time, if not worse.
"Not that it makes a difference to me. If I had a soulmate, they'd be dead by now, right?" Steve had to check.
The other thug woke up a moment later, and Steve questioned him as well, but all he got was a reluctant confirmation of the first one's description of the events. Neither of them had any clue as to where Tony might currently be, and they refused to tell him who they worked for. Despite his earlier promise not to, Steve considered dragging them to the police precinct for safekeeping, but the truth was, he didn't have anything on them, so he decided to let them go.
"I'll keep an eye out for any glitches," Steve said, trying not to think about the kind of in-depth testing Tony had in mind for later.
"A system where humans are not enslaved by monsters," the Mayor said, casting a glance at the dinosaur chained to the corner of the room.
"Someone does. That's you," came the answer. The reptilian crouched low, aiming a kick at Steve's legs.
A key feature of scientific thinking was the ability to admit you were wrong. To shift your paradigm.
Luckily, there was a good solution to the issue, and her name was Pepper Potts. Pepper already had a positive attitude towards soulmates, she was the mother of this whole idea anyway, and really, Tony thought her gig as his PA didn't let her use her full potential. She could be the fresh and stunningly beautiful face for the new, benevolent Stark Industries. It was a perfect match.
"No, that's fine." Steve appreciated the gesture, but wasn't in the mood for pleasantries, not after a morning that so far hadn't been very successful. "What you could do is go get that guest list for the party that I asked for, if you have one."
"The bathroom of a high-end VR salon, after a business meeting with Justin Hammer," Tony spat out the name like something sour.  "Remember that name. He's right on top of that suspects list, and as it happens, I'm having lunch with him in around three hours."
Steve was slightly surprised at that; clearly, Tony hadn't slept in, then. "Do you know when he might be back?"
Hulk caught him in mid-air and deposited him on the ground, and Thor wrenched off his faceplate to reveal Tony's pale and lifeless face.
He wasn't as practiced as Tony was, and he hadn't done this in some time. Even if Tony was smaller than he was—pretty much everyone Steve had ever met had been—he couldn't take Tony's cock fully in his mouth. He took as much as he could. One of his hands was enough to cover the rest, leaving the other free to run circles over Tony's hipbone and tease his balls as he started working on Tony's cock.
That certainly sounded serious. Although Bucky still didn't understand why Stark hadn't told this earlier, at least it explained why he'd been asking to be allowed outside, but—Bucky's recently ignited hope gave way to a sudden sinking feeling. "Oh, no," he murmured. "Is there nothing else that will help? Sunrise is several hours away."
"You're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen," Tony said, outdoing him again. "And believe me, I've seen lots of amazing things in my life." He still had one hand on Steve's cock, but his strokes were less intense. His other hand trailed over the skin of Steve's chest, which was sheened in sweat all over, thanks to the warmth of his lover and the fire next to them.
"Of course. Who wouldn't be," Steve admitted. "Still, I think I'd just like to take my chances instead."
"Fair enough," Steve said casually, as if that wasn't exactly the thing he most wanted to talk about.
He's so very tired, and there may be tears in his eyes. He buries his face in the pillows to hide them.
Steve turned to look at him. The flames reflected from his eyes, but there was something fierce in them beyond that. "What if it did, though?" he asked, his voice still subdued, and yet, there was a strength to it, the same unmovable resolve that he would use to challenge any general, no matter how decorated. "And last night? What if that meant something to me?"
"Ah, sorry, of course. It's been a few years," Tony said, apologetic. "I think he's still missing. We can check. Ultron?" he raised his voice to address an AI. "What's the current status of a James Barnes? Worked for SHIELD back in the day and got into trouble during that takeover attempt."
It always sounded ridiculous, but most of the times, the imaginary Steve said yes. He might've said yes in reality, too. Maybe he would've been curious. Besides, he'd been handing out samples for all sorts of scientific experiments all his life.
Maya Hansen, a bookish historian, had been away for a month, and now her house was on fire. Tony had been away on an expedition for a month, and he'd ended up involved in two fires.
It didn't take him long to deal with the attackers; he knocked the first one out with his shield and kicked the feet from under the second. While they were down for the count, he grabbed their guns and tossed them into the sea.
"If you still want to stick around after everything I've told you, you're more than welcome to do so," Tony promises, making sure to word it as an offer, not a command.
"I think we can make sure he stays put a while longer," Steve announced, and pressed a lingering kiss on Tony's cheek.
Although Steve hadn't heard of the Kingpin before, it was easy to guess that Tony must be referring to the mob boss the thugs had refused to name, the one who'd backed up Maya Hansen's expedition. That was already a useful piece of information. He did his best not to let it show that it'd meant something to him. With Tony's touch scorching at the back of his neck, a distracted look on his face would probably pass for shock anyway. He wondered if Tony's fingers might leave red marks or even blisters behind. It was unnatural. It had to be that amulet at work, somehow.
Tony laughed, the delighted look he gave Steve enough to make him blush. "Unfortunately, no, it's not. I'm glad I found you, though—you've already made the evening a lot more memorable."
"Oh? Oh, dear. I didn't know that," Pepper said, clearly shocked by this news. "It really looks like it all revolves around Tony and the expedition, doesn't it? That can't be a coincidence."
Tony huffed. "Of course I do. Built them myself. One reason the NYPD dropped this investigation after barely looking into it was that I refused to give them the details. I'm not convinced they would've been much help anyway. Mind you, this did happen when said limo was parked elsewhere, not at the Tower. It still wouldn't have been easy to pull off. Almost impossible, unless the culprit had my security codes."
"Still. I'm not impressed," Steve said. "Besides, why are they even wasting time on that nonsense when we're at war?" He motioned at the mess tent around them, as unnecessary as the reminder was.
The Mayor was a perfect personification of Bucky's mental conflict. She gave the impression of being a compassionate leader who believed in the good of humanity and only did unsavory things when there was no other way. Still, she kept resorting to abuse when other options were available, and her attitude seemed callous not just towards the dinosaurs, but towards Stark as well.
"Not much more than a headache," Steve said, rubbing at his temples for effect. "I think I'm going to call this an early night." He took a step in the direction of the elevator, but Tony blocked his path.
Staying would be risky. Even if they got through the damned gates and into the dungeon, getting out would be extremely difficult when the enemies were aware of their intrusion—but Steve wasn't going to pull back now.
He stops resisting the pull of gravity and settles down on the ground. It's wet, but at least the muddy soil under his cheek is soft.
It was obvious that Steve wasn't going to get any help from Tony on this investigation, so he'd have to take matters into his own hands. He knew there were ways of getting information past the official channels. For those, he'd need contacts who weren't concerned about bending or breaking the rules. People who didn't live in top floor apartments.
"You've got it!" Tony started moving, his face a mix of intense focus and glee, his eyes half open, one hand stroking his own cock. He definitely wasn't holding back; once he got into a rhythm, he was riding Steve's body so hard that Steve would've hesitated to go so rough if he'd been the more active partner. It was more than enough to tip over from nice to amazing, to make his mind forget he was in a frame that wasn't his own. All there was were two bodies enjoying each other, and everything else was just insignificant background noise.
Steve retreated to the safehouse for the night. He was incredibly tired after the drawn-out, stressful wait during the operation, but it still took him a while to fall asleep, his thoughts stuck replaying the conversation he'd had with Tony. When he did eventually drift off, it ended up being the longest uninterrupted sleep he'd had since those few nights he'd spent in the workshop.
He wasn't just going to give up. He'd have to try once more. Maybe today would be the day when James changed his mind.
And that's that, Tony decides. No need to talk to Kamski ever again, unless he actually wants to ask Tony for that favor he owes. Considering that Kamski's no longer in the tech business and has turned into a recluse, Tony doesn't think that's likely to happen anytime soon.
"For the past fifty years or so, Luna has been building a reputation as the go-to place for all kinds of storage services, particularly for data," Pepper explained. "Putting all those tunnels they've excavated to use."
Tony chuckles and shakes his head. "Have I told you that you're amazing yet? I feel like I haven't. Steve, you're incredible."
"I've made it my business. Don't try my nerves. I haven't had a particularly good day today." Steve tightened his hold and lifted the man a few inches off the ground. Not that he'd actually resort to violence as an interrogation tool, but the solid threat of it could be equally effective.
Steve sighed, frustrated. As much as he liked this island, right now, he would've given anything for a proper network of roads and his bike. "Well, then. I guess there's nothing to it but to start trekking towards the mountains as soon as possible. If there are no galleys, then I'll need to find a way to cross the Basin on foot, like Tony was going to, and try not to get caught, too."
It didn't take too long until Stark started to stir, and soon, he was lucid enough to get on his feet and continue walking. Most other Resistance members treated him without a hint of compassion. Bucky found it hard to do the same. They'd kidnapped him, after all, and bound him and shot at him and knocked him out, which meant he probably had a nasty headache on top of the pain from his wound.
Tony's hands were on Steve's pant leg, pulling apart the torn fabric to reveal the broken skin beneath. "There's blood there, too!" he exclaimed. It sounded more surprised than worried to Steve. "How did that happen?"
He'd been so caught up in the thought that he couldn't possibly say yes to his captors' demands, desperately trying to think of ways to escape this windowless cell separated from freedom by who knew how many locked doors and guards, that he hadn't stopped to consider the most obvious way out: the one he was best at.
A little sigh escaped Steve's lips, a tension leaving his shoulders, and he leaned closer to Tony. His hand found its way to Tony's knee, a feather-light touch, ready to be withdrawn at the slightest hint. Tony placed his own hand on top of it to capture it in place. As chaste as it was, it felt much more intimate than that inopportune, accidental encounter of private parts in the tent.
Tony rested his hand on Steve's shoulder, his fingers dancing nervously against his skin. "There are things you don't know about me."
At seven o'clock sharp, as per their orders, they left base in one of the regular troop transport fliers. It was almost an hour's drive to the facility that was their target, which felt like a very long time to Steve.
Even though Steve knows that this isn't his fault— that in parting ways with Tony, he'd been doing exactly what Tony wanted—he can't help feeling guilty. Since when has he blindly followed anyone's orders if he didn't agree with them? If he'd really wanted them to stick together, he would've insisted on that, regardless of Tony's opinion. Instead, he'd let his pride get the better of him. He'd been angry and disappointed that Tony had pushed him away, and clearly hadn't missed him at all over the past months.
In fact, the food was delicious, even if the service was rude. As he ate, he still kept a close eye on the room, watching every newcomer to see if any of them might head to that locked door, but none did. Try as he might, he didn't come up with a strategy for how to gain any useful information about Simon from here. Walking up to the table of any of the parties that were just minding their own business and having dinner would've brought too much attention to him. Going by how the waiter was treating him, he didn't expect to get any answers from him, either.
"You too, Happy?" Tony cast a surprised glance at him. "Don't tell me you'll vote we should go to the police, Jarvis?"
Tony might still be alive, even now, Steve reminded himself. They hadn't found a body. He could be buried underneath, somewhere, barely clinging on to life.
He opens his eyes, and Steve is right there, sitting near his bed, so focused on reading a newspaper that he hasn't noticed Tony's awake.
Tony pushed Steve's shorts out of the way, wrapped one hand around the base of Steve's cock, and took the head of it lightly in his mouth. Steve gasped, pressing the back of his head against the wall behind him, every trace of guilt burning away from his mind. The heat against the sensitive skin was bordering on being too much; Steve imagined a lot of people wouldn't have enjoyed it. He did, though. He never said no to things being a little rough, especially after how the serum had changed him. Too cautious and too gentle tended to mean that he wouldn't get much out of it.
"I didn't know how my powers worked, like I still don't," Tony explained, holding out a hand in front of him, studying his fingers. "I worried that if I got too excited I might literally set the sheets on fire. Sounds funny, but it really isn't. I feel bad for letting you take such a huge risk without any idea of what you were getting into."
Steve supposed Tony assumed that he was asleep, because unlike all the other stories, this sounded real. Steve almost felt as if he were eavesdropping, but he wanted to hear all of it. The sleepiness was nowhere to be found now, replaced by a deep curiosity.
The program started spitting out lines with information about the intermediary steps it was running. Tony could've figured out what they meant if he'd cared. He didn't.
"I'd already decided to help, that's why I came down here," Bucky said. "So, what can I do? Will you finally tell me what's wrong with you?"
Tony drew a rattling breath and coughed weakly. His eyes opened, but there was no recognition in them, only distress.
Tony wonders what he'd do if he were forced to choose between his own life and shutting down JARVIS for good. He likes to think he'd be willing to die for JARVIS if it ever came to that, but he's not sure if he'd be that brave.
There was a flash of surprise in Jarvis's eyes, like he hadn't anticipated Steve to pick up on that name. "It is. She's an old friend of Tony's, since they were kids." He paused, his eyes on Steve, and his look shifted to a scowl. When he went on, it was in a different tone, one that was bordering on defensive. "For the record, if you're imagining these fires might link Tony to some kind of a passion crime, you're barking up the wrong tree. He may be a ladies' man on paper, but reality's a little more complicated."
He found himself getting up again, on wobbly feet, and walking towards his reflection, everything else momentarily forgotten.
There probably wouldn't be any point to it anymore, but he'd be damned if he didn't when Tony had asked him to. The hour wasn't too late, yet, just past nine. Steve got up, his drink forgotten, and walked over to the pay phone across the room.
Tony has similar scanners to Sam's, and he should see the same things, but nevertheless, Tony's muttering under his breath, over the comm channel that he probably forgot to close, "Oh no, no, no, no, Steve, I'm so sorry, we're too late. I got here as fast as I could. I'm sorry."
She handed over some of the heavier items in her rucksack, kissed Pepper goodbye, waved at the others, and set off towards the town at a jog.
"Oh, hey, that." Tony let out a little chuckle and made a shrug, hoping it seemed less strained than he felt. "Don't even worry yourself. It's normal. Doesn't mean a thing." Better not mention that his own broom-handle had been just as prominent as Steve's when he’d woken up.
A woman who was probably her mother had already placed a hand on the girl's shoulder. "Hush, now, Mary. You shouldn't tell stories to the Captain."
As Steve and the policemen walked closer to find out what was happening, the gathered onlookers tried to do the same. A fireman hurried up to Steve and the police. "They're bringing out a casualty. From what I hear, it isn't pretty. Can you give us a hand holding back the crowd?"
In the past, their dynamic had tended to revolve around Steve's frames, not Tony's, but Steve didn't think the unfamiliarity was the issue. Not after so many years. They'd need to build something new, and that should start with things they were both comfortable with.
Since he doesn't have a compass to keep track of his bearing, his ability to memorize things comes in handy. He commits to memory all the main landmarks between the possible cabin and his current location: hills with recognizable shapes, the largest patches of scree on slopes, and the patterns of rivers and lakes. The large one next to his destination should make navigating to it a simple matter.
"I won't believe for one second that you spent the whole day there. Just conveniently left your watch off your wrist? Sat in the same room for hours? You were not at the police station. Where did you go?" Tony's grip tightened around Steve's throat, starting to cut off his airflow, pressing hard enough that he could feel his nervously beating pulse against Tony's fingers.
For a moment, he was worried she might have broken out in tears, but when she let go, she was smiling at him shyly. "I'm sure it will be all right, now that you're here. I can't believe this, it's really you! You're so tall!"
There's a rustling sound from inside, and the tent flap opens to reveal a graying, bespectacled man, with lines in his face that speak of much time spent outdoors. "Hello to you," he greets, then frowns at Steve's outfit—the dark-dyed version of his uniform. "You are Captain America?" the man asks, speaking with an accent that Steve doesn't recognize, with heavy consonants and rolled Rs.
Steve strains his ears, trying to catch it again, but it's perfectly quiet. He can't help wondering if his mind is playing tricks on him; he could have sworn that was Tony calling out his name from somewhere on the fell beyond the hut.
"I'm flattered at your trust," Steve said, with open sarcasm. "I guess I haven't got much say in this?"
Living at the SHIELD compound, Steve dedicated a lot of his time to catching up on what he'd missed, and computers were a big help. On his third day, he came across a news item that baffled him more than any of the advanced technology he'd seen.
"Until I come up with something better," Tony said, and headed for the elevator on slightly wobbly legs. The penthouse bar was mostly intact. It'd be poetic, sitting in the middle of the rubble with a bottle in hand, thinking about how that battle had ruined his life in more ways than one.
Steve stayed quiet, but he let go of Tony's fingers to run his hands comfortingly up and down Tony's forearms.
"That couldn't have been easy, putting a bomb in your limo. I'm sure you've got meticulous safety measures," Steve said.
He opened his eyes, expecting harsh light. Instead, there was a soft, orange-tinged glow, like a sunrise, which seemed to originate from the entire surface of the ceiling above him. Turning his head slightly revealed that some of it actually radiated from the walls, which were showing a pastel-tinted cloudscape. Even though it was beautifully executed, almost resembling a Romantic painting, it was still tacky, and not at all what Steve would've expected either from SHIELD or from whoever had set that trap for his team.
Bucky had seen several dinosaurs himself during his training, and they'd been as scary as anything he'd ever witnessed when working alongside Captain America. He'd learned how to fight them, too, although it was difficult. They were much stronger than humans and had thick skin, sometimes even reinforced by natural armor plating—not to mention all the horns and teeth.
Tony just grinned. "Nah, I'm great. It's a quirk. I have a naturally high body temperature. The only fever I've got is for you." Tony brought his other hand to Steve's tie as well, and started untying it. "You think you can take it?"
He heads up the nearest hill, swearing under his breath, telling himself that every painful step brings him closer to home. He pictures himself reaching the top and seeing the big lake and the hut in the next valley.
Tony felt nervous, and it wasn't the fluttery excitement of being close to Steve that he still occasionally got, a week after they'd come to terms with their mutual feelings. It was the fear of something too bright and hot lurking at the back of his mind. As he brought the car to a standstill, a nightmarish image flashed across his mind's eye: the street in flames, the lawns dead and charred, the sky covered in black smoke instead of clouds, and people screaming in pain.
Finally, Steve moves away from Tony and grabs an armful of logs to encourage the dwindling embers in the stove to a roaring fire. That should keep the hut nice and warm. Still, he knows that all the steps he's taken to bring up Tony's temperature probably won't be enough; if Steve had to guess, he'd say it's well below 90 degrees. Rewarming him will undoubtedly require more advanced measures.
Once she let go of his hand, Steve figured it was time to move on; he didn't expect to learn much more from her. He approached the rest of the onlookers next. Many of them were already staring at him, thanks to the costume that made him stand out.
Tony shrugs dismissively. "Enough that I'm not going to have to worry about it for the next couple of years."
Now that he could see Tony’s hand, it didn’t look too bad: only a little swollen at the wrist, as far as he could tell. Much better than Tony’s face, where a trickle of blood from a cut on his forehead had made its way down along the side of his nose. Steve hated seeing that, as much as he knew it wasn't serious. Besides, it had been less than an hour since Tony had crashed in the desert, so the full extent of his bruises would only start to show later.
Pepper was right by his side. She put her arm around his back and pulled one of his arms over her shoulders, doing her best to help him up. Slowly, shakily, Steve managed to get to his feet, and they began to make their way across the small room. With Pepper's assistance, he was able to keep his balance, and the pain settled to a level where he could keep his eyes open. They didn't quite focus properly yet, leaving everything around him hazy. He hoped it would pass, and that his frame hadn't taken permanent neural damage from the abrupt VR disconnect.
"Seeing as how we're currently stuck here, I know these adventures don't always go as planned. You can tell me," Steve urged him on.
"Okay, that's fine. You can go, then." Tony waved a dismissive hand at her. "So, Steve. Let's take a seat. Do you want anything? A drink, a snack? You must still be feeling that transfer."
"I heard about those other fires. Do you think this is connected?" another fireman, a boyish-looking one that reminded Steve of Bucky, asked.
He found it difficult to sympathize with Tony. What did it matter if he'd lost a few clones? He had external backups of his mind, so he'd never been in any real danger. Even if he ran out of clones entirely, he could always spend time in a fake while he waited for a new one to mature. Sure, he probably found the very idea distasteful and degrading, but only because he was used to a life of luxury.
Although he sounded even more annoyed than he had to begin with, the despair Steve had caught earlier took a new undertone of longing and sadness, so deep that it stole his breath away and brought tears to his eyes.
Out of all the people Tony had traveled with, Steve Rogers was the most mysterious, and the most intriguing. Just a few days with him in the field had made it clear why General Fury had paired him up with Tony. His seemingly fragile frame held so much fire and fight in it that it put most larger men to shame, and he was smart enough to easily follow Tony's often convoluted trains of thought all the way to the terminal.
"I broke my leg. It's healed already," Steve said dismissively. He'd always healed fast, so Bucky wasn't surprised to hear that. "Come, I'll introduce you to my friends."
If Tony's data hadn't been available, then Steve's matching results wouldn't tell anything about the two of them. He'd just assumed that Tony must've handed out a sample. Tony's company was running the whole thing, after all. He'd never actually asked Tony about that, though, or even told Tony that he'd taken the test. It wasn't the sort of thing you casually discussed with your teammates that weren't really your friends.
who was among the smartest people he had met. She had suggested that since the sunstone implant worked so well and he'd been in such good health after he'd installed it, it was possible that his heart was in better shape than it had been in decades. Considering that he was still conscious, that was probably true, but he knew he would never be entirely healthy. He might have hours, maybe a day or two, if he was lucky, but certainly no more than that.
"Anyway, solving that mystery might be a good thing. If this killer were to succeed at wiping Tony, we'd lose our chance at having a major ally against Hydra," Natasha said.
"Getting out of bed to go to the bathroom felt like a day's worth of hiking, and I was constantly short of breath. I still remember the exact words of the doctor who delivered the devastating verdict back then: 'I'm deeply sorry, Mr. Stark, but all this strain you've put on your heart has damaged it beyond what we can treat. All we can do now is to make the rest of your days as comfortable as possible.' There were some medications that they suggested, but they didn't help, and left me nauseous. No one expected me to live longer than a few weeks, maybe months, if I was lucky.
Finally, he opened the door at the very end of the corridor, to find out that it led to an alleyway behind the building. He could hear the sound of a car's tires skidding as it drove away.
"Sorry, I didn't mean dead-gone, he's just, vanished. Disappeared. No longer there," Bucky clarified, spreading his arms.
Tony's smile faltered, turning to a somber, thoughtful expression. "Yeah, I think so. I'm not sure I've actually grasped what's happened yet."
"I've questioned some things I've done, as well," Steve said, and pulled down his cowl, revealing his face.
"Not well, no, I wouldn't say. She's not the most talkative sort. Bookish. I think she's a scholar of some kind, maybe a historian?" the lady said thoughtfully.
That sounds worrying; Tony won't be able to live with himself if Steve suffers some kind of a meltdown because of him. "Slow down. What kind of signals?"
That night, he didn't even look at the phone, and if it took him a little longer than usual to fall asleep, that was because he had a lot on his mind, in general.
Steve had barely had enough time to wrap his mind around this sight when something exploded in the castle behind them.
Lining one wall, looking very much out of place in the setting, stood a row of drones that were even bulkier than Tony's, a head taller than Steve and twice as wide. The plasma cannons on their shoulders looked purely functional, not like the streamlined repulsor arms of Tony's drones, and their heads were clearly robotic, with no facial features at all.
Tony scrambled up from where he'd been crouched next to something that looked like a big silvery wing, as long as Steve's frame was tall. "I wasn't sure you'd show up again. You ask her out yet?"
"I don't need help. I just need sleep. I'm fine," Tony protests. He tries to move away, but Steve's grip is too firm.
Stane let go of Tony, aiming an incredulous look at Steve. "Or what? Have you forgotten where you are? You're not going to leave this room alive, Steve. Neither is he. He escaped me once, but I'm not going to make the same mistake again. He's going to stay under until that ancient frame of his draws its last breath."
The air belonged to skybaxes, which were the largest flying animals Steve had seen, resembling neither birds nor bats with their leathery wings, long beaks and bony crests. Only trained pilots were able to ride them, or rather, to fly with them. The way Sam described it, a
"He was literally setting things on fire! Calling that a 'side-effect' has to be one of the worst understatements I've ever heard," Rhodes said sullenly.
He struggles to find enough fuel for a fire. The best he can manage is so tiny, it barely warms him more than a tealight. It's in no way enough to properly heat up the air in his shelter in this cool weather. He's too cold to sleep, but so tired that he knows he has to rest, which means he spends hours huddled up into a shivering ball, feeling sorry for himself and wishing he were anywhere but here.
After several more minutes of waiting and listening, he makes up his mind. He has to go look for Tony. If that was him, and he was calling out for help, Steve can't ignore it.
Tony frowned at him, not even trying to hide his confusion. "I honestly have no clue what you're talking about."
Jarvis and Jan had been wrong; it wasn't about the Mayan culture. It made a lot more sense that the word on the note Steve had found was a name, maybe even a signature. He couldn't help wondering if Tony's two friends had purposefully not told him about her. He could easily imagine Jarvis doing that. Jan, not so much, but Jan had genuinely seemed to not know very much about the expedition.
"But you did listen. That's the important part," Steve said. The disappointment Bucky had been waiting for was still not there, as somber as his expression was.
When she put it like that, it did seem glaringly obvious, and Bucky had no other explanation to offer her. Still, he couldn't shake the memory of Stark's wan face and the despair in his eyes. "I don't know, but he really looked rough. If there's any chance that there's some truth to what he's saying—"  he began.
"Likewise," Tony said, looking Steve in the eye. "I mean, I'm not going to lie, I did enjoy all those gorgeous frames, but that was only a part of it."
"You should be," Tony said. "Probably knocked a couple of years right out of this body. Might start going gray prematurely. I'm not sure I'd call this frame inspection a pass."
His eyes still tightly closed, with a wordless groan of pleasure, Steve came. Iron Man held him as he did, the hand on his chest now just hugging him close, his face nuzzled against Steve's neck.
"You should talk to Natasha," Steve added, and pointed out one of the two ladies who'd been with him, the one whose red hair was straight rather than wavy. "I shouldn't be telling you this, because people here say you shouldn't pry into anyone's past, but her story is a lot like yours. She ended up in the North as well."
Steve suspected Rhodes could move fairly fast even in a wheelchair, but he didn't stay and wait to find out; there was no time to waste. He ran towards Tony's 'shop, doing his best to push away the thoughts of worst case scenarios, of finding Tony lifeless, unseeing eyes staring at him accusingly because he'd not flown over sooner.
New York wasn't entirely unfamiliar. Sure, it was bigger and flashier, cars looked a bit different, and clothing styles had changed and gotten more varied, but he would've still recognized it as his city without a moment's hesitation. Then again, some things had evolved beyond the wildest, most futuristic visions Steve remembered from the past, like computers and telephones. In fact, telephones were tiny computers now, and with the internet, every single one of them contained more information than any library Steve had ever visited.
"Tony," Steve breathes, his hoarse voice barely louder than a whisper, so different from his usual deep tone. "You got me."
"Uh." Steve would be hopelessly out of date when it came to which parts of town were hotspots for particular criminal elements. For now, anywhere not too close to the police, SHIELD headquarters or Stark Tower would do. "Let's go north. Say, 168th Street."
"Several reasons," Rhodey replied. "We've been working to take down Stane for a long time, and finally, we're almost there. We wanted to get you out while he's still around and has those ties to Hydra."
He ran a quick internet search to check, and it confirmed his interpretation: BLAM scores and e-values were used to evaluate the probability of a soulmate match. A BLAM score of 100 meant exactly identical sequences, and the e-value was, as far as he could tell, some kind of estimate of how reliable a particular score was. The smaller, the better. 1e-134 was the same as 10
He half expected Jarvis to insist on accompanying him, which would've convinced him there were things in the house Jarvis wanted to hide. He didn't, though, bidding Steve goodbye instead, then heading towards the direction where Pepper had gone.
He'd thought he was making progress, building on his previous army skills and putting his new, sturdy metal arm to good use, but being invited to talk to the Mayor somehow made him worry he hadn't kept up to the standards expected of him.
"I haven't given them the full report yet," Steve said. "Most of that will be in it. I don't expect them to believe half of it."
Tony didn't seem surprised, either, not exactly, but there was some confusion on his face. "And I still don't know how! I can't remember!" he exclaimed, spreading his arms. "Obviously, it's got to be the Fountain, but I never would've, not by choice—Maya, what happened to me?"
The Kingpin approached the semi-circle of thugs around Tony, and stepped between the ones in the middle to face him. "I will, Mr. Stark, as soon as you give me the artifact. It's the simplest of trades. Surely you think her life's worth more than some trinket."
"Uh, no, it's just," Steve stammered. "I think I should get out of this thing first." He nodded down at himself in a vague gesture.
"He might, if he had no other way to save himself. It doesn't mean he's planning on ever finishing whatever he's working on," Natasha said.
Steve's lips quirked into something that wasn't quite a smile, and the nostalgic feelings Tony got from him seemed to catch a different timbre. "Things used to be so much simpler before the ice. I never believed in soulmates back then. Never wanted one. I did think I'd like to have a family, though," Steve said wistfully. "Now? I don't know."
Eliana seemed relieved to have Sam backing her up. "Yes, and you have to understand, the caravan was waylaid in the middle of the Rainy Basin. Since they didn't have any skybaxes accompanying them, no one knew of the attack until they'd made it across to Waterfall City. Then, I was first sent to take word to Tony's house, in case any of his friends were there, which is where I met Edwin Jarvis. He's the one who told me to come to you. He sent you this." She held out a small parchment roll; Steve could recognize the Stark seal on it.
Combined with the occasional errands he ran for their hosts at the guesthouse, the travel preparations gave Steve something to do over the following days, so that he didn't feel like he was just sitting around doing nothing.
"That first version of the repulsor pump was a monstrosity. We had a hard time finding a surgeon to help in the installation, since everyone was convinced it would just kill me. It was the size of a car engine, ran on grid electricity, and tied me to bed more effectively than my illness ever had—but it worked. I finally felt better, my thoughts clearing up as the fluid that had built up in my lungs did.
Tony sat up, his movements slow and cautious, and approached Steve on all fours over the mattresses and blankets. "You're at my place, Downstairs, and you're safe here. Remember?"
Tony waited until they'd left behind the Vault and the guard posted outside its sturdy door before he speaking up again. Walking felt much more exhausting than it had any right to. When he was sure the guard wouldn't hear them, he stopped to rest against the nearest wall, breathing hard.
The door opens, and even in the low light, Steve can easily recognize Tapio's tall figure in the doorway. His eyes skim the room—scattered piles of clothes on the floor and all—until finally settling on where Steve and Tony are huddled in the corner. He stays silent for a while, taking in the sight. "Well, that is unexpected," he finally states, the tone of his voice staying neutral.
Eventually, he gives up, gets out of bed, and goes to his 'shop to see if distracting himself with the armor might help this time. It's a moderate success, considering that he wakes up several hours later slumped over a workbench.
Steve shrugged off the anti-grav pack and tossed it aside. It wouldn't have much of a charge left anymore, so he had no use for it, but the spare parts could still be valuable to someone.
Showing weakness wasn't something Steve did. He'd spent his life hiding it. First as a skinny, sickly young man who wanted to defend what he thought was right, then as Captain America, the perfect example of a patriotic soldier, an inspiration to all his fellow men on the battlefield. He'd always done his best to stand up for what he believed in, and to do that, he'd had to hold his ground, wearing a brave face even when he was full of fear or despair.
The news feed disappears, and Steve blinks like surfacing from a dream, the light at his temple cycling to yellow, but not to blue. "What're you going to do?" he asks.
"It's going to be alright," Steve reassured him, one hand on the back of his neck now, his forehead resting against Tony's. It felt like a cold compress over feverish skin. "Toro's learned a lot about controlling his powers during the years I've known him. You may be different, but I think he'll still have useful advice for you. If that seems like it's not enough, there are others we can ask. We'll figure it out."
Once they'd crossed the threshold, Tony closed his hand, and the flames went out, leaving the room much darker. Clearly, the cabin wasn't on the electric grid; what light there was came from the fireplace and several lanterns and candles set here and there. That meant everything still seemed slightly unreal.
Before Tony's had time to come up with anything suitably nonchalant to say, Steve stands up. "Now that's decided, I think I'd better go."
"Well, yes. He would've, and you're right, that is what actually happened," Tony admitted sheepishly. "I'm just too used to not telling the true story to anyone, since what happened isn't exactly one of my proudest moments."
Bucky changed direction, hurrying to the dinosaur's side. The dinosaur must've noticed Stark's weight shifting, because he stopped and knelt so that Bucky could catch Stark before he fell.
"Stars above," Steve breathed. Before he could stop himself, he was reaching a hand towards Tony, touching the marks on his skin. The thought that this was the very same body that he'd caressed so many times in the past, with the hands of many different frames, was unfathomable.
After almost six tedious hours on the US9, he reached the intersection that took him towards smaller roads. From there, they kept shrinking the further he went, until he found himself on a dirt track through wooded hills, occasionally passing cabins hidden amongst the trees.
Pepper opened the door for them, and they stepped inside a room that was like a smaller version of Tony's street-level workshop, equally full of spare parts of various vintages.
As soon as they know where to go, Tony takes off in his armor, rushing through the snowy forest at breakneck speed. It takes all of Sam's flying skills not to lose sight of him. The others follow behind in the Avenjet.
"Well, I can't deny you look good," Steve had to say, even though Tony's uninvited touch made him shudder.
Steve considered the inside of the cabin around him. It didn't look that different from what he was used to. Really, it was almost surprising how little things had changed in the best part of a century.
"Steve, you should see the exit. Get him out," Natasha told him. "And hurry. Whatever you're doing, it's not helping."
He wasn't entirely sure why he was so sick, wasn't sure what was happening to him, but he remembered it was important not to let anyone interfere.
Tony closes his hands into fists and blows at them to warm his half-frozen fingers, then reaches behind his back to scratch at the countless bites spotting it. His stomach is rumbling, and he has no food.
A few people raised their hands, but unfortunately, no one could offer any more details; they'd all been too far away. The place where the man had supposedly hit the ground was right in the middle of where the firemen were currently working, so now wasn't a good time to investigate that, but since the crowd had provided him with what information they had, perhaps it was the time to go and talk to the authorities.
He hadn't come here looking for Tony, let alone looking to hook up with him. In fact, hooking up with him was about the worst thing Steve could do, considering that Tony was clearly involved in the case, one way or the other. The fact that Tony was in this bar made him seem even more suspect than before. Could he have mafia contacts? It wasn't entirely impossible. Steve didn't actually know much about Tony's background, beyond the fact that his parents had been rich. Then again, considering his heroic record when it came to the war, it was difficult to imagine he'd befriend criminals.
By the time the doors opened again and Ultron's voice announced they were on the fiftieth floor, everyone else had left the car. Steve stepped out of it to find a welcoming committee consisting of a pair of drones. The landing was empty of people; he assumed Ultron had purposefully restricted access to it for the moment.
"Sam," the pilot returned, giving him a tight-lipped smile. "I'm very sorry to interrupt your meal, but I was told to deliver my message to you as soon as I could." Eliana's gaze trailed over the other people around the table until it settled on Steve. "Are you Steve, the dolphinback?"
"No! I'm not going back!" Steve shouted at her, and took off at full speed in the opposite direction.
Yinsen has given him a week. There's no way he can fix both himself and this android within a week. Besides, his best bet for saving himself is the opposite of repairing the android.
"Yes. It means that we can get his mind mapped onto an intact node and transferred to a new, healthy frame."
That image brought up so many other memories, calling to mind all those men and women he'd served with in the War who had died while he had lived. Both the ones he had known well, like Bucky, falling from that plane, and the ones he'd never even talked to, but who had still had their lives and their stories, and loved ones they'd left behind when they'd given their lives to serve their country.
"No, you're not. You're someone better, and far more interesting," Steve said, getting up from his seat to crouch next to Tony's chair and kiss him on the lips.
If he was right about this, maybe he could talk to Tony and convince him this was something worth looking into.
"Perfectly matched." Steve pressed his face into Tony's curls. Their scent reminded him of pipe smoke.
just shut down the system, but there's around a ninety percent chance that'd kill him outright, and I suppose that's not what you're after. If you want me to do that, just let me know. I'd be happy to."
"I'm glad," Tony said, and gave him a quick kiss on the lips. "Now that you've mentioned lunch, I'm actually starving. Let me see if I can do something about that."
"As the first step towards getting there, we needed to figure out where he has backups, and how to delete them," Pepper went on. "We already knew beforehand that he does the uploads at night, when he's asleep, but that's probably among the most secure data streams in the solar system, and snooping on it runs a high risk of being detected by Ultron. What's more accessible is the download out of the storage location and into the clinic where they put him in a new clone in case of frame death, so that was our target."
"And that wouldn't make me look guilty at all," Steve said curtly. He knew that Tony was right, but he still loathed the idea. Even if he could help their cause while in hiding, it would feel cowardly.
That's unexpected—although now that Tony stops to think about it, how would he have been rescued if not by some do-gooder who came across him in the wilderness? From what he can remember, he definitely hadn't been capable of saving himself. Steve is the most likely option, since Tony didn't see anyone else out there, but it could just as well have been someone else.
After he'd given up any hope of finding Tony today, Steve had come across him by accident, in the most unlikely place imaginable.
From close up, the cabin is even smaller than Steve thought, barely more than a shed. There's no smoke coming from the chimney or any other signs of people nearby, and no one answers when he knocks on the door. He pushes at it, and it opens without resistance.
Happy returned with his second coffee, placed it on the table, and started pacing instead of sitting down.
"Ultron. You say you can't bring him out. Could you insert another person into the program?" Steve asked. Natasha looked up from her screen, quirking an eyebrow at him.
Kamski crosses his arms. "You've repurposed my technology and implanted it in your chest. I don't even want to think what Legal would say about that. I don't see how I owe you anything."
He really doesn't deserve this, not after everything he's done, after the kind of man he's been. But here he is, still alive and kicking, and he swears that he'll get home and do everything in his power to make those sacrifices worthwhile. That's the thought that keeps him on his feet as he stumbles through the rocky wilderness after crash-landing his armor, and finally into the sensor range of Rhodey's search party.
"This conversation is strictly off the record and won't leave these walls," Fury told him, clearly sensing his uncertainty. "We're not working with SHIELD. You can speak your mind."
Steve couldn't look him in the eyes. Tony was right; this felt more serious, it felt like an affair that could go places, but that wasn't possible, for too many reasons to count. Tomorrow, he'd have to decide what he'd do. He might well end up putting Tony behind bars.
Steve opened his eyes, clambered out of bed, hurried into the shower, and spent quite a while there, trying to flush the memory down the drain. This was completely unprofessional. He shouldn't be thinking about Tony like this.
Steve had thought he'd already suffered through every kind of pain imaginable today, but it turned out he hadn't. Not this sharp stab right where he knew his mind was stored, or the surge of agony that seemed to run straight through his spine, cold and electric.
The place Tony was staying at was called Sleepy Eyes Inn, and the most flattering thing Steve could say about it was that it had better facilities than the first hotel he'd visited tonight, in the sense that it had a bar. It certainly wasn't much cleaner; the floor of said bar, which doubled as the reception, was sticky under his shoes. Overall, the place felt only slightly less shady than the Groggy Cod, with lighter-colored decor, brighter lights and softer music.
It reminded him of the time when he'd first read that damn paper back in 2008, because just like he had then, he felt like on some subconscious level, he'd been waiting for this day to come. It made him seriously want to grab a bottle right now, but that wasn't in the cards, what with them having to babysit the living embodiment of an ancient Norse god.
Tony rolled his eyes, but his lips quirked into a grin, and it was as if the years melted away from his face. "You sound like a romance program," he joked.
"You're right, I don't know, and that was unfair of me," Steve said. He deserved that reprimand. Looking at the situation from another angle, it was impressive that the resistance had survived for such a long time. He'd had it easy, himself, spending all that time in storage. He let go of the chair and squared his shoulders. "So. I'm here now, and I want to join the fight. How can I help you?"
None of the firemen Steve saw seemed familiar to him—the previous fire in Brooklyn had clearly fallen under the responsibility of a different station—but he had met the police duo before, when he'd been briefed regarding the fire at Jan's house. They were currently standing by their car, talking to one of the firemen. Steve got as far as waving a hand at them in greeting when a commotion at the door of the burning building had everyone turn around.
Bucky caught hold of Stark's shoulder, giving it a light shake. "Stark. Wake up." Although there was no one around to hear him except Stark and the dinosaur, he found himself lowering his voice conspiratorially.
Although Steve had clearly overstayed his welcome, he didn't want to skip the last thing on his list. "One more thing, if that's okay: does the word 'Maya' mean anything to you?"
Steve kept his distance from Tony, staying where he'd been sitting previously, but turning to face him again. "I already know all about it because I was there, in that synthetic fake. We had a lot of fun with that. Like we always did. But then, afterwards, you wanted to talk."
"You're not like anyone I've ever been with," he said aloud, settling on the bed on his side next to Tony, leaning on one elbow. "I like that." He caressed Tony's smooth chest with the fingers of his free hand. He thought it almost looked as if Tony were glowing, a golden undertone to his skin. He didn't know if that was because of the artifact, or if Tony had always looked like this. It was beautiful, either way.
"Mmmh, yes, just like that, Steve," Tony murmured. Still, he didn't lose his focus; instead, he seemed set on being one step ahead of Steve. He worked his free hand into play as well, reaching downwards to fondle Steve's balls, and started pumping Steve's cock with more determination, rough and fast. He knew what Steve liked, too.
Steve got up to do the customary scan of the surroundings that he'd neglected so far. It didn't take long. Even though the place was a good size for a low-floor studio, all that amounted to was around forty square meters of floor space. In addition to that, Steve found a minimalistic bathroom unit with a shower over the toilet seat and a sink embedded in the wall, and an equally tiny kitchenette consisting of a fridge and a quick-heat oven. The fridge was empty, and the single small cupboard contained instant coffee and a selection of freeze-dried meals, enough to last one person a few days, but not much more than that.
Usually, he'd be sharp and ready to go as soon as he opened his eyes, but today, his brain felt sluggish, and it took him a moment to realize why, or where he was. He got a reminder of that when a startlingly warm hand gave his shoulder a squeeze, and a pleasant voice said, "It's okay, I'll deal with that. You can go back to sleep, honey."
"Aren't you going to join me?" Steve asked. It occurred to him that this might be about the artifact—maybe Tony wanted to hide it. Maybe he'd want Steve not to see him strip.
The thing was, the way the conversation had escalated, first to an argument and then to this make-out session he was trying not to see—he couldn’t avoid hearing the sounds, though, the whines and gasps, the obscene wet slide of mouth against mouth and the rustle of hands on clothing—it had definitely seemed kind of sudden, even if it hadn't been entirely unexpected. Over the years, the other Avengers had made plenty of jokes about the longing looks and unreleased sexual tension between these two, so Bruce could’ve easily bought that they were both into this, but what if they weren’t? What if that slime had aphrodisiac properties, and they were reacting to it?
Tony's dire odds of surviving this ordeal were easier to accept when he knew that he could help Bucky and the dinosaurs escape. Steve would be overjoyed to have Bucky back. If Tony didn't make it, at least Steve would have his friend from the time before the island by his side, and maybe he wouldn't feel as sad.
Tony didn't let him finish. "You think I'm just going to flee and let him destroy everything I've built here? I'd rather go down fighting."
The FDNY had already been through the site last night, once they'd gotten the flames under control. They'd found no survivors. Three men had died, but although they'd been burned beyond easy recognition, the remains of their clothing had been enough to confirm that none of them had been Tony.
"I won't believe for a second that you don't know the truth about him, but fine. Take me to Tony Stark." Either way, it was Tony, not Stane, who Steve really wanted to see.
Steve sat back, crossing his arms. "Why would he put his backups on the Moon?" That was the last place he would've picked; he was used to thinking of Luna as a mining outpost with more drones than humans.
The note had been slightly suspicious, but the place the address pointed to was as shady as they came. It was a small, seemingly abandoned waterfront warehouse in South Brooklyn; the sort of place you'd expect for all sorts of questionable dealings. Definitely not where Tony would've picked to meet with a fellow academic to reminisce over a recent expedition gone awry. If the note was from Maya, the choice of location supported his hunch that she must've gotten mixed up in something nastier than the obscure long-dead languages that were her usual line of work.
He glanced at Tony, who he realized was leaning on a bedpost, eyeing him. Aside from kicking off his shoes, Tony hadn't even started stripping.
If this had been anyone other than Tony Stark, a war hero whose accomplishments equaled Steve's own, Steve would've been extremely sceptical. It seemed awfully convenient that Tony was here, miraculously unharmed, and claimed he didn't remember a thing. If he'd been someone Steve had never heard of, he would've found him a likely suspect. Then again, if Tony had been the arsonist, wouldn't he have escaped the scene rather than ending up trapped as he'd been? It did sound more likely that he'd been a victim, in which case, the amnesia might well be real, not some attempt to hide things from Steve.
He found himself thinking of that time, an eternity ago, when he'd still been new to this cell, and he'd also been struggling to stay conscious. He'd fallen asleep and dreamed of Steve.
The other drones reacted a second later. When they did, the room instantly turned into a war zone. Still on the floor, Steve didn't have a good view of it, but Tony's drones launched into a counter-attack, and the rest of Hammer's drones joined the fray. The air filled with the smell of ozone and the glow of blaster and repulsor fire.
Tony turned his head to glance at Steve over his shoulder, otherwise staying still. "No, I'm done with this. Go away," he said, his voice reedy. Steve thought there were traces of dried tears on his cheeks, but his expression was blank. Steve had seen that very same look before; the look of someone who'd been through so much that they'd just shut down.
When he'd been younger, Tony had always been shameless, projecting the confidence that he looked good and knew it. Not unexpectedly, age and everything he'd been through had clearly made him self-conscious. He turned his back to Steve to change into a loose t-shirt for the night, and still seemed nervous when he sat down on the mattresses next to where Steve was stretched out on his back.
Dad had probably fallen for the soulmate bullshit so hard because it'd been a handy explanation to a lifetime of failed relationships: they hadn't worked out because he'd been meant to meet his mysterious One True Love. Tony had no such delusions. He was well aware he was just fundamentally incapable of lasting commitments. He'd accepted this as a teen, and made the best of it. Who needed commitments, when he could have all the sex he wanted with the prettiest girls and most gorgeous guys the world had to offer, right?
"I think you're the more unusual of the two of us. Downright miraculous." Steve cupped Tony's face, brushing his thumb over the cheekbone. "I thought you'd died and I'd never see you again. I was devastated."
"Steve Rogers," Tony repeats. He knows of one person with that name who, now that he thinks of it, did bear a resemblance to the android in front of him. "As in Captain America, the World War II hero?"
He hadn't given the whole soulmate thing very much thought before all these conversations with Howard. Before he'd become Captain America, he'd thought he'd be lucky if he found anyone who'd even look at him twice. Now that he was suddenly receiving plenty of attention and Howard kept going on about soulmates, he'd actually considered the question, and come to the conclusion that the idea of some predetermined partner felt too much like arranged marriage to his liking. He didn't really want it to be true.
He might've suspected this earlier, at the back of his mind, but the full realization was still too much. For what felt like a small eternity, he couldn't do anything but lie there and try to breathe and blink away tears.
"Tony, please," Maya insisted. "I do have a lot to apologize for. I'll explain everything. Tonight at eight, at the waterside end of Wolcott Street."
"We are. We'll have to think it through carefully, though," Rhodey said. He motioned at his partly armored body with one hand. "If we walk into a trap like this, it's not going to help anyone."
The next morning, Steve isn't there to drag Tony out of bed, and he's fine with it. It means he can sleep in and take his time sorting himself out. He's disgusting, after so much time spent in the armor and then just falling into bed. He peels off the undersuit in the shower, revealing some truly spectacular bruising beneath. Yeah, he really needs to work on cushioning for the armor.
"I'd always enjoyed the time we spent together. Of course I had. That's why I kept coming back to you. I didn't want to give that up, but I thought you were too shallow, too negligent about the things that really mattered," Steve went on. "When you started talking about us, about something more serious, it threw me for a loop."
"You read the paper, right?" Pepper checked. "They're theorizing that to catch the soulmate sequences, you'll need to do high-coverage whole-genome sequencing. That's not cheap. We've been thinking about new directions for the company."
Glancing back in the direction he came from, Steve spots something that he takes for a bird, at first: there's a small dark shape in the air. After a few seconds, he realizes it's moving strangely, too static to be anything living. Now that he's focused on the object, he notices the thin cord leading from it towards the ground. It's a kite, of all things.
"Well, well," Steve muttered. That could be another connection, and one he hadn't expected at all. "Do you know if there was anyone called Simon among those thugs?"
The next morning, when Steve woke up to a chime followed by Ultron's cheerful voice telling him that Tony would like to meet him in an hour, he felt slightly embarrassed by his earlier defeatist thinking. He wasn't going to give up. That wasn't who he was. Some of his people were still out there. He'd be damned if he didn't do everything in his power to find them again. If he needed to play private detective for Tony in order to get there, he would. He'd deal with this case as fast as he could, and then get started on what was truly important.
As things were, he thought that now that he'd somehow survived all that, things would slowly start getting better again, settle into some kind of a balance. Of course, the universe had another surprise in store for him, instead.
He also wasn't entirely surprised that she wasn't on his mind when he closed his eyes, certain he'd never open them again. It was Steve, instead, and all the pain that this would save him.
Finally, he died, suffocating from the bleeding caused by shattered ribs, and again, death wore Tony's face, his expressive eyes full of disappointment.
It's incredibly frustrating. He's starving, he has his breakfast right there, and he can't eat it until he gets this fire lit.
The dinosaur tilted his head curiously, his eyes following Bucky, but other than that, he stood his ground. He stayed equally still, perfectly docile, as Bucky stooped to release the fetters chaining him to the wall, then finished by lifting away the heavy iron collar.
"No, no, it's fine," he said instead, leaning towards Tony, one elbow on the counter. "You just keep taking me by surprise. Wasn't expecting to meet anyone as friendly as you here."
"Don't worry, I won't break my promise. I won't look," Steve reassured him. His voice sounded husky in his own ears.
He launched into action, running for the door as fast as his frame would move, shoving Barton aside. The cut in his calf stung a little, but it was barely more than a scratch. It wasn't going to slow him down.
"Not hearts, I hope," Steve joked. If someone had asked him, he couldn't have said if he was flirting in earnest, or just playing a part. Then again, he wasn't sure there was much of a difference between the two. Wasn't flirting always a kind of an act?
Steve has only been napping for a few hours when he's roused into full wakefulness by the rain. Once again, he's thankful for his uniform, which is almost entirely impervious to it; he can easily imagine how miserable this weather would be in worse clothing. A vision of Tony shivering in the rain in his summer suit crosses Steve's mind, but he pushes it away. Tony is probably at the hut already. He'll be fine.
With the morning drawing closer, there's slightly more light by now. Steve gets up. One last sprint and he'll be out of here.
It was like a scene from a nightmare, happening in slow motion: Bucky jerked backwards and fell. The backs of his knees hit the parapet, but it was so low that he just folded right over it. His mouth was open, and he might've been screaming, but Steve couldn't hear it over the ringing in his ears.
"Keep flying, or we'll look suspicious," Steve managed to say. His throat was so tight, his tone came out unintentionally harsh. It didn't matter. He knew the others felt as devastated as he did. They'd understand.
He felt so content with Tony's warm body pressed against his, and so worn out now that all the tension of the past weeks had faded away, that he very nearly drifted off to sleep. What brought him out of that drowsy state was a shaky breath against his collarbone and a few soft sniffling sounds.
"Cytokine release syndrome, that's what they're calling your condition," Steve went on. "Which is a fancy name for some kind of seriously overblown immune reaction. Either to the modified Extremis virus you used, or because you targeted the soulmate sequences, they're not sure."
Within a month, Stark Industries was the proud new owner of half a dozen small to medium biotech companies, and Tony was busy learning all he could about DNA sequencing. It was about as far as you could get from what he had expertise in, but in the end, the technology wasn't that complicated: what it came down to was a combination of chemistry, microfluidics and optics. Of course, there were also the computational challenges of what to do with the genome data once you had it, but that was basically a very large-scale string searching problem, which meant Tony understood it just fine. All in all, he could definitely come up with plenty of ways to improve the tech.
"Can you go back? He's got to be there!" Bucky said, and tried to sit up, leaning on his elbows—which was when the terrible pain struck him again and he realized that he only had one elbow to lean on. There was nothing at all where his left arm should've been. Nothing but hurt.
"No. You'll be the first to know when I do," Steve replied, not in the mood for jokes. "Anything I need to know about this meeting beforehand?"
At the other end of the lounge, seated on one of several chaise longues, was a woman Steve hadn't met before. Her businesslike clothing and hairdo reminded him of the half remembered interrogation, though her hair was strawberry blonde instead of dark. Not that it had to mean anything. If that scene had taken place soon after his frame-death, his interrogator could've swapped frames a dozen times by now.
Tony blew out a breath and blinked open eyes that looked somewhat unfocused. "I didn't know I could do that."
Steve grinned back at him, the joy and relief at seeing him awake and alive so overwhelming, they left him feeling as breathless as Tony sounded.
"I'll keep that in mind," Tony said. "They wouldn't let me borrow that particular frame, anyway, although I guess I could just buy one."
In hindsight, in light of everything he'd now learned, his earlier anger about Tony wanting him as a pawn for his plans seemed premature and misplaced. He still thought that Tony could've planned all of this better, but he believed Tony's words, that he'd wanted Steve out of storage to protect him.
"He's there, in the city?" Steve checked, feeling more hopeful than he had in weeks. They hadn't come all this way for nothing. Tony was only a few miles away.
Stark pulled back his hands and nodded. "Heart failure. I have a device that helps, but I need sunlight to charge it."
"Oh, but I think you do," Fedora said, and raised his hand, pointing a revolver at Tony's face. "If you value your life, you're gonna take us to it, and hand it over."
Right now, with Steve standing so very close, his usually pale cheeks flushed, his blue eyes flaring with fury, Tony still wasn’t sure whether he wanted to punch Steve or jump his bones. Possibly both.
Wherever his kidnappers were taking him, it would probably have been warmer. They might even have fed him. Of course, they might also have stuck needles under his fingernails. Can't know for sure.
Tony doesn't sit, and puts his hands in his pockets to keep himself from fidgeting. He has no reason to be this agitated—he knows Kamski's not going to judge him—but he can't help it.
Of course, he didn't even know if these inklings he had of Tony's moods were correct. It wasn't as if Tony was going to admit that he was, for whatever reason, currently as nervous as he might've been standing next to Ultron.
"The one and the same," Fury confirmed. "Howard's son Tony took over from him. I'm sure you'll be crossing paths with him sooner or later."
The sound of a door opening and closing pulled him out of his introspection with a startled jump. Then, there were soft footsteps approaching him.
"For now," Natasha said. "He'd have nothing, though. He had to give up Tony's clone, he has no money, and very few friends. His backups on Luna are under Tony's name, so he won't have access to those, either."
"I got that impression." Tony made a tentative stroke, his fingers deliciously tight against Steve's sensitive skin, pulling another gasp out of him.
Did he mean that Tony was—no, surely, Jarvis couldn't be saying what Steve thought he was. Tony wasn't like Steve. Not Tony Stark. Besides, even if he were, that wouldn't change the fact that he was at the center of Steve's investigation.
"Have you been stalking me?" Steve crossed his arms defensively, and even that felt awkward, the way the thick muscles bunched under his skin.
There was no word of Tony the next day either, neither from his friends, nor on the news. Clearly they'd chosen to keep the situation under wraps; there wasn't one mention anywhere that the billionaire adventurer Tony Stark was missing, let alone presumed dead.
It's something of a relief when he's done and can move to the next step: he needs to add warmth. Moisture from Tony's clothes has seeped into the mattress Steve first laid him on, so he cautiously shifts him to a dry one, and wraps him up in several blankets, cocooning him as carefully as he can.
Steve looked gorgeous, as he always did. Instead of his costume, he wore the suit from when they'd first met. It wasn't as perfectly fitting as Tony's, but it accentuated the breadth of his shoulders nicely, and his blue tie set off his eyes. Unfortunately, even this beauty before him wasn't enough to soothe Tony.
If this was a sci-fi horror film, Tony should probably start getting worried right about now, because he can't move, and he's at the mercy of an android who's clearly functioning far beyond his programmed parameters. He's not actually worried, though; surely Steve wouldn't have saved him at all if he had sinister intentions.
Mona turned around, shook her head and pressed a finger over her lips. Even from where Bucky stood, all the way at the tail of the party, her fear was obvious. The reason for it became clear after a moment's wait.
Like many people on the higher floors, her frame had a telecom implant. She'd be able to see and hear the news as it happened. Steve had no such additions to his frame, and currently, for reasons of security, he wasn't carrying any other network-capable technology either, just the earset that was tuned to their own ultra-secure channel. Happy didn't have implants, but did have a watch. He tapped at it, projecting a screen in front of him, the sound turned low.
Tony gave him a rueful smile. "Well, I've had my share of bad dreams, and let me tell you, aging doesn't help. You want something for it? I've got street-level drugs that'll knock you right out, and some more sophisticated stuff that Pepper and Rhodey have smuggled from up top," he offered.
Steve wasn't sure if he could trust a word this man was saying, but it did match what he had witnessed: Tony had gone without resisting. The unexpected part was the man's resentment of Tony.
He grasped Tony's hair more tightly and tried to warn him. He got as far as "Tony, Tony, I'm—" before he couldn't hold back anymore. His toes curled against the floor and his back arched so he was barely touching the seat anymore as his climax rushed through his frame. It felt natural, in this frame, almost like in his birth body, with nothing unusual or artificial coloring the warm pleasure taking over his every cell. He liked that.
Of course, Steve wasn't alone in being earthbound. Only a minority of the city's inhabitants were actively working pilots, and most places were accessible by foot, if one could figure out the correct route. Luckily, Steve had skilled local guides in Sam, his family and friends. Together with them, he spent several days exploring the city, admiring the countless rock carvings and graceful bridges and cathedral-like galleries, and once he felt like he'd seen enough for one day, there were concerts to listen to and flight displays to see, and many amicable family dinners in the evenings.
Tony tightened his hold around Steve, pulling him even closer. Then, he took a deep breath and started again. "So, there was this one time, five years ago…"
"No, that's exactly what I need, I just think bed would be better," Steve breathed. "That, and you're wearing too many clothes."
"She?" For a moment, there was a flash of hope: maybe it would be Peggy. Maybe his friends at SHIELD had come out on top, after all. But Peggy would never have done something like this to him. Maybe it would be the interrogator that he vaguely remembered instead.
Steve hurried to do as Rhodey had suggested, settling behind Tony to pull him into a half-seated position in his lap.
Tony followed close behind Steve, shut the door, and stepped right into Steve's personal space, pushing him against the wall with a solid hand on his chest. Although Tony was strong, maybe even stronger than his build would've suggested, Steve could've easily resisted him. He didn't. That would've been out of character for the situation.
Tony stared at his drink for a moment. Then, he looked up at Steve, those familiar dark eyes meeting Steve's, his expression unreadable. "Back then? Yeah, I think I did," he said, at length. "But that was a long time ago."
"I've got some lady on the line for you. Says it's urgent," the bored receptionist drawled at the other end.
Steve got up on his elbow. His body felt sluggish, and sticky. He touched his fingers to his stomach; the mess he found there couldn't have been him, so it seemed like Tony had come, too, which made his behavior even more bizarre. "I feel like I've missed something here," Steve said, resting a hand on top of Tony's chest. "Care to fill me in?"
He should've built a power gauge into the damn thing. Sitting in his cell, he occasionally uncovered the sunstone and contemplated its sea-green glow, trying to decide if it looked fainter than usual. It was difficult to be sure.
